  well , the main current minority tends to be `` foreign people '' , which is generally anyone who does anything different . 
  if you have a middle-eastern or asian sounding name , you are provably less likely to get a job with similar qualifications ... 
  norway has kind of an ugly story with a ban on kashrut slaughter essentially being introduced by a semi-fascist prime minister ( hundseide ) before the second world war , as an `` animal cruelty prevention '' law , stating in parliament that norway had no legal obligation to permit the `` jewish religious orgies '' . 
  not fair that norway is n't on that map . 
  we may not be an eu country , but we do the whole free movement thing . 
  tons of brits here . 
   whether you agree with him or not , he did have passion for what he stood for . 
  most of the world 's most damaging leaders have been passionate . 
  it 's not generally a good thing . 
   `` we want to take a chance on more democracy '' i think this is better translated : `` we wish to dare more democracy . '', 
  `` nobody should have cake until everyone has bread '' . 
  this norwegian quote , by the social democratic prime minister einar gerhardsen , considered the `` father of the nation '' , sums up the norwegian post-war reconstruction effort . 
  it had an immediate and literal truth in that the economy was so destroyed in norway that people were starving , but in a more figurative sense , it indicated that people would have to make do without short-term luxury consumer goods to enable a democratic socialist reconstruction of the nation , investment in education , industry and necessities . 
  this political long-term thinking led to a very , very high standard of living once these investments were beginning to pay dividends . 
  also , when we discovered oil , the philosophy caused us to nationalize the gains and use it with restraint to avoid dutch disease . 
  lighten up , man . 
  it 's just a joke at how we do n't understand the superbowl posts . 
  i 'd say you 're the one acting insecure here . 
  yeah , but that quota is a very important part of the system ; most families make the choice that costs them the least , and since women earn less than men , it 's usually a natural decision for the family that the woman will take time off her job . 
  they get to say they tweaked it , and on paper it 's true , but it 's a big step back . 
  yeah , the last point you brought up is quite important . 
  i remember that this was a point of contention at their last congress - but it was voted down by the delegates , by a distressingly small margin . 
  i 'm a social democrat , so i have profound ideological differences with the conservatives in norway , but ine marie eriksen s\u00f8reide is widely considered to be a very competent politician in this field . 
  i have no doubt she 'll carry out the wrong policies with great skill . 
  the minister of defence is the political contact point with the military . 
  it 's not as if he or she would be responsible for micromanaging . 
  the norwegian defence minister is part of our current conservative government , and they are pretty anti-feminist . 
  they 're reversing paid paternal leave , attacking abortion rights , a fight which was settled in the late 1970s ... 
  well , my * first * name . 
  tore is a variant of tor , which is the norse name of the norse god after which the element is named . 
  thorium is named after my name !, 
  i do n't doubt that . 
  if you go far enough left , the difference between that and fascism can be quite difficult to make out . 
  fortunately the far-right political climate in / r/europe is not representative for either reddit or europe . 
  no , but simply because they do n't have documents does n't mean they are n't refugees . 
  mostly the third, 
  it really is n't that difficult . 
  there are just a lot of people who do n't want forriners who have convinced themselves that they 're not refugees . 
  and you believe that this is an attempt by the media to push an agenda , rather than delivering a more compelling story ? 
  ... well that and the guy fleeing war is dead and signifies yet another failure of our continent to live up to its obligations both in law and spirit . 
  i 've never seen that theme once in any newspaper or television broadcast . 
  starvation is technically an `` economic reason '' , but they are still refugees - they have still been displaced from their homes in syria . 
  you can not leave syria by passenger airplane until you have documentation that you have permission to enter the schengen area - so you have to use smugglers to make the extremely risky voyage to get into the schengen area , apply for asylum there , and then you have tools to reunite with your family . 
  it 's not nearly as arrogant as dismissing the plight of these refugees as `` arrogant '' . 
   i 'm sorry , but what 's with this attitude , like europe owes them something ? 
  we do owe them asylum from war , in accordance with [ 1951 refugee convention ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_relating_to_the_status_of_refugees ) , which builds on article 14 of the 1948 universal declaration of human rights . 
   edit : pretty sure if they would comply to the rules there wo n't be these kind of protests , but eh , rules who needs them . 
  the rules which set up the systemic failure to perform in accordance with our responsibilities are what they are protesting , together with much of europe 's citizenry . 
  i guess it 's just a throwback to the nazi-era propaganda playing on sexual fear ? 
  much of reddit has a view on women from the same era , so it makes sense . 
  before general security measures were tightened in norway after 9/11 , our prime minister did ride his bike to work - and indeed , the secret service biked alongside him . 
  my bike was stolen at the 2008 us presidential election wake at the students ' society . 
  thanks , obama . 
   how did he kill them , did he run them over with his wheelchair ? 
  no , with his fiscal policy . 
   even if you were right that greeks die because of poverty surely this means more europeans die because of poverty in poorer eu countries , right ? 
  yeah , absolutely , but there are two differences that are relevant : one , the greek cuts have been primarily to the public sector , which includes emergency services and hospitals ( some hospitals have halved their budgets ) . 
  there is a direct causation between those cuts and increasing fatalities ( and a stagnating life expectancy ) . 
  secondly , there is a difference between a depression in a formerly ( too ) wealthy nation manufactured by the economic lysenkoism called `` austerity '' and simply being a less developed country , like the newer eu members . 
   if you want to be humane by forgiving debt , why not start with the poorest countries in the eu rather than greece ? 
  i do n't think the debt should be forgiven - the issue is that the eu by demanding unscientific and disastrous economic policy to renew those loans , have caused such damage to the greek economy that they have actually * grown * greece 's debt-to-gdp , nearly doubling it !, 
  with the humanitarian toll the eu austerity demands are taking , sch\u00e4uble has killed far more greeks than putin ever could . 
  oh , absolutely . 
  but that is not in and of itself a substantiation of your opinion . 
   so the report does not explain how it comes to the conclusion it did and yet you pass it around while calling it fact ? 
  no , i call it a report issued by forensic statisticians of the oslo police department , which is generally assumed credible . 
  of course they may well be wrong . 
  i myself am not sufficiently statistically literate to make a judgement of their merits . 
  the working class in scandinavia is neither poor nor hungry . 
  `` islamic culture '' is even broader and more meaningless than `` christian culture '', 
  nothing like dry statistics to learn a language !, 
  `` people who agree with me have arguments , i have cards '' ? 
  there 's a chance in the sense that it 's a useful hypothesis , but since it 's not borne out by statistical evidence it 's a hypothesis we should reject if we are more interested in the truth than in propaganda . 
  no , i 'm saying the choice of focus is wrong because it 's not the correct statistical determinant . 
  if he 'd said `` they were working class ? 
  no surprise ! '', 
  it would actually be true - a bit rudely put , but true - and it could be the start of a meaningful discussion about how to prevent it . 
  the working class generally has `` worse '' pronounciation of words , too . 
  but anyone who suggested society could attack sexual assault by giving people elocution lessons would rightly be considered mad . 
  why is it any different when one chooses ethnicity ? 
  all good points , but i do n't feel qualified to speculate . 
  you could send an e-mail to the authors , i 'm sure . 
  then how do you explain the report [ brottslighet bland personer f\u00f6dda i sverige och i utlandet ] ( https://www.bra.se/download/18.cba82f7130f475a2f1800012697/1371914727881/2005_17_brottslighet_bland_personer_fodda_sverige_och_utlandet.pdf ) ( criminality among people born in sweden and abroad ) ? 
  godwin 's law is just a funny comment about the likelihood that some chump in an online discussion would invoke hitler spuriously . 
  i do n't mean to invoke the stigma of naziism , but it would be even more catastropic if the lessons we can draw , as europeans and as people , from the second world war and its atrocities - should suddenly become taboo in and of themselves . 
  the answer actually is politically correct : because they are of a poorer socio-economic standard . 
  if you correct for that , ethnicity disappears as a significant factor - so the `` truth '' that you seem to want is n't true at all . 
  so , your opinion is n't subject to censorship , it 's just wrong . 
   however , there are hate speech laws in finland that are actively enforced ( e.g. , an mp was convicted for a blog post ) , which means very few researchers will touch the subject and certainly no public debate can happen . 
  no , it means no * hate speech * happens . 
  there is a difference . 
  hate speech is speech which seeks to exclude from an open debate . 
  the first amendment has limits too . 
  if you 're unable to make your argument without resorting to hate speech , then your argument is shit . 
  `` regarding the homosexual at tehtaanpuisto park i briefly considered getting my gun from the upstairs and shooting him in the head . 
  would the gratification from it exceed the annoyance of serving time in jail ? 
  violence is these days a very undervalued method of solving problems . '', 
  is that regular debate ? 
   i 'd be curious to see how they came to this conclusion ( that the probability for reporting is higher for ethnic minorities ) ? 
  seems like it would be near impossible to prove w/o data ( which would be difficult to get since it is unreported ) .
