  both those who commit this ( ! , ed . ), 
  and assist them , must be punished . 
  people who have committed suicide shall not be buried in christened earth . 
  ( ... )  out of concern for children , we wish to ban divorce , and man shall not break apart what god has joined . 
   according to the bible , co-inhabitation is fornication and is therefore banned . 
   all contraception is forbidden as they inhibit god from performing his tasks as creator . 
   foreign citizens ( with no home country ) must be imprisoned in separate penitentiaries or penal institutions with far lower standard than in general . 
  these are to be deported to a * presumed or natural * home country as soon as it is practically possible . 
  this is one of my favorites - i do n't think monty python could have written this combination of absurdity better :  ** if no countries are willing to receive them , they are to be sent to international no-mans land , for instance sahara or the north pole . 
  they will be issued a hermetic tin of fish balls , a sweater , and a [ puukko knife ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/puukko ) in these situations . 
  the fish balls may be substituted with three tins of sardines , if this carries a lesser expense for the state . 
  **  ( ... )  the freedom of speech , expression and religion must be real , and appropriate measures are necessary to achieve this . 
  ( ... skip ahead five sentences ... ) national media must be required by law to be politically unbiased , and provide a nuanced coverage of political and religious affairs . 
  one-sided coverage of the holy land is to be forbidden . 
  i think this one might be a good one for the pvv to be inspired by :  asylum-seekers who arrive by rapid , modern means of transport are to be rejected with no exception as soon as they land on norwegian soil . 
  moses ' fourty-year walk in the desert through egypt and the sinai desert shall here serve as the role model , and those to be considered true refugees or asylum-seekers must enter the nation by foot , and they must have walked all the way by foot . 
   asylum-seekers from outside the nordic countries must have spent at minimum four years wandering to norway , and must have been wearing sandals , a cape and a rod as did moses ( warm socks , mittens and a hat will additionally be permitted in winter ) . 
   all immigrants to norway shall without exceptions be integrated into the norwegian society and respect norwegian laws and fundamental customs . 
  ( ... ) citizenship must be based on a minimum of ten years ' inhabitation of the nation and a quiz on the norwegian constitution , the bible , and the royal sagas of snorre must be passed before it is granted . 
  the test must have at minimum one thousand questions , and all replies must be correct to be issued with a norwegian citizenship . 
   assitionally , one must be able to perform henrik ibsens poem `` terje vigen '' , by heart in the space of fifteen minutes before a norwegian passport is issued . 
  oh , well that makes sense then . 
  no , no : areas are affected by drought because they mistreat gay people . 
  you know the saying : give a country some homosexuals , they 've got rain for a week . 
  teach a country basic human rights , and their crops will never thirst . 
  everybody `` knows '' that except the norwegians who actually voted against it twice , it seems . 
  i 'm sure we 're easier to discard by using strawmen . 
  and i do understand that other europeans might be prejudiced by how idiotically isolationist the `` euroskeptic '' movements in other countries are . 
  the rhetoric of ukip makes me sick to my stomach . 
  but the ability of the european union to function democratically is miserable , pure and simple . 
  maybe the contrast is less significant for other european nations , but we are very proud and fond of our tradition of short distances between our leaders and our people . 
  until september 11th raised security demands , our prime minister used to take the bike to work , and we all take pride in this egalitarianism . 
  and in both our debates over membership , * the democratic deficiencies * were actually by far the most significant argument against - to a greater extent than sovereignty over national resources . 
  i mean , just the idea of the european commission , an executive body that pretends it is a non-political technocratic body , is a highly anti-democratic fiction . 
  technocracy works in the civil service and other advisory bodies , not for executive power . 
  i 'm no euroskeptic in the least ; i 'm for a european federation . 
  i just can not accept that it should be built on a foundation so poorly engineered as this . 
  our political freedom to employ a sane fiscal policy , the keynesian policy opposite of the rest of the eurozone 's insane idea of `` austerity '' - really , neo-liberal ideology disguised as response to a crisis - kept our unemployment at 2 % and made us the only country in europe to maintain a positive purchasing power growth throughout the financial crisis . 
  ( to reply in advance to the argument i always hear to this argument , yes , our sovereign wealth fund * does * make it less expensive for us to use deficit spending as a tool , but it is n't night and day . ), 
  it 's all about exposure . 
  i was completely unable to understand danish until i started listening to kim larsen , 
  yeah , i struggle with nynorsk , too . . last time i visited stockholm i was bussed with auf to help ssu , and i had to memorize `` kom ih\u00e5g att r\u00f6sta p\u00e5 socialdemokraterna i valet ! '', 
  because they did n't understand me when i told them that in norwegian ... on the flipside of that , another election story ; i was manning the arbeiderpartiet booth on karl johan ( electioneering equivalent of sergels torg ) - and a woman came up to me and said something like `` ni beh\u00f6ver inte oroa er for mig , jag er sosse ! '' . 
  now , `` soss '' means more like `` sosietet '' in norwegian - it 's a pejorative term for young kids who measure each others ' worth by how much conspicuous consumption their parents are wealthy enough to bankroll . 
  utterly perplexed , my reaction was to well-intendedly inform her that the h\u00f8yre booth was a little down the road ... her even more confused reaction managed to straighten things out . 
  actually norwegians understand swedish quite well , and we 're always confused about how the reverse is not true . 
  we get svt , you do n't get nrk . 
  no way . 
  i 'm a fan of democracy . 
  tell that to the membership fees , vriend , 
  i 'm kind of annoyed that norway is n't in . 
  ok , we get it guys , we 're not a part of the european union proper , but we collaborate in most every other way , at least you could include us in the linguistic statistics ... 
   their distrust of jews literally the last leader of the front nationale denied the holocaust . 
  no , they 're not . 
  nobody 's really saying that , you know . 
   well hate to break it too you , the nazis got elected into power . 
  exactly . 
  that 's the point . 
  this is not an election for the respective countries , but for the eu parliament , a legislative body with significant power over * all * member countries . 
   here 's the oecd report and here 's an explanation from one of our politically unaligned economists explanation of the 0.57 loss in it . 
  first of all , 0.57 pp in the thoroughly sourced report is very different from the 7 % you refer to when claiming that immigration is `` unsustainable '' . 
  anyway , these numbers seem to refer to the * state * , not society . 
  in redistributive welfare states , of course immigrants are going to be a net loss if you isolate the cost/benefit analysis to the individual interactions with the state . 
  if you measure it this way , * the vast majority of people * are a loss to the state because the state finances roughly hover around being balanced . 
  what needs to be taken into account is the contributions made to private enterprise by the growing population , both in generating demand and in supplying labour . 
  i dunno , have you * seen * some of the parties that are about to gain influence in the european parliament ? 
  they literally do include parties with a history of holocaust denial . 
  he is a very good illustration of the point the video makes . 
   certified economically accurate reports and the oecd backing it up ? 
  fine , please point me to the oecd-verified report specifying , as you claim , that the cost of having a specific set of ethnicities in sweden amounts to 7 % of bnp . 
  i 'll wait here . 
   why not just post la-la-la while you 're at it ? 
  because that would be something different from what i 'm doing , which is saying that no matter how many references you feel like digging up , i reject the notion that it is statistically possible to measure the effect a given ethnicity has on an economy . 
  when you do try , you end up going for the most easily quantifiable stuff . 
  the cost to the government of the requirements immigrants have of education and other social services are transparent and obvious . 
  so those always make it into the calculations . 
  but what about the gains made by commerce by a more diverse labour market , making it possible for a company to easily hire someone who understands the business culture and language of an emerging export market ? 
  what about the general positive effects of companies having greater access to workers ? 
  in norway , similar attempts have been made to quantify the cost of immigration , with similarily ludicrous results , with even major newspapers printing the notion that immigration costs norway more than we 're making from oil . 
   it 's rather clear you do n't understand the term bobo that 's a really funny sentence . 
    i have not actually said you could n't have been on on the auf summer camp , i said you 're not working class i dunno . 
  i define myself as working-class , to the extent that a class-based analysis of people in the welfare state is possible . 
  but i do n't define myself by my class , and i do n't think it 's healthy to do so . 
  we 're all individuals , albeit shaped by our experiences . 
  but so what if i am or am not ? 
  i do n't exactly feel obligated to give you my family history in hopes that you 're going to validate my claim . 
  i did n't reply to the rest of your post because it did n't really contradict anything i 'd already said , you just expanded upon your previously stated opinions . 
  your numbers are bullshit , your grouping of politicians into a single class could have been taken straight from a nazi pamphlet , and although `` bobo '' is an interesting and new term i do n't really care about what class of society you want to define me as because to be quite honest i think you 're an ignoramus and i do n't really give a fuck about your opinion of me . 
   in any case , assuming you are n't just lying on the internet that pretty much confirms you as a bobo . 
  no actual working class kids would be allowed within a mile of auf 's summer camp . 
  you can google me if you want . 
  but that really is an impressive commitment ; insisting to my face that i could n't possibly be who i am because it contradicts your prejudice , 
   are you even norwegian ? 
   the norwegians i know have only laughed at the foreign media attempts of trying to drag frp under breivik 's banner seeing as how moronic and tasteless it was . 
  well i happen to be a survivor of the ut\u00f8ya massacre so i feel somewhat comfortable with not giving a fuck about what you think is tasteful . 
  the norwegian press has overstated the distance between frp and breivik because they 're too cowardly to actually look at how the norwegian society got where we are . 
  the ideological differences between him and high-standing elected officials of frp are difficult to make out . 
  breivik was still an active trustee of frp when he was planning the massacre . 
  if frp were a mosque , we 'd be crusading against them for `` radicalizing '' . 
   yeah , there 's nothing at all implied in this by the ssu .
