  it 's definitely an issue , but i think ridiculous is too strong a word . 
  it 's not like we have billionaires sanctioned off in enclaves with emaciated and starving people clawing at the gates . 
  it 's so ridiculous , i 'd even disagree with that hypothetical scenario . 
  there are gated communities and pandemic malnutrition in the us . 
  i 'm not going to act exclusionary or anything , but that 's not exactly the kind of games you go to a lan party to play . 
  plus , jens did n't sell out our public property to capitalists either , so he 's got that going for him , which is nice ... 
  actually the previous norwegian prime minister was a fan of rts . 
   have you noticed the anti-russian circlejerk that / r/europe [ 1 ] has turned into ? 
  i 'm serious , find me one article posted in the past few weeks that was n't critical of russia . 
  in fairness , russia * has * annexed a bit of europe . 
  it 's not the best way to gain favour . 
  we norwegians ought just to be quiet and be happy it 's for 2012 and [ not 2011 ] ( http://tjomlid.com/wp-content/uploads/1453515_10151701737411933_2124016787_n.jpg ) ... 
  it 's been a while since i saw the numbers on this , but a lot more polish immigration to norway ended up staying than planned , but they were assuming that a truly overwhelming majority would leave , so it does n't take much to miss those expectations . 
  does this compensate for emigration ? 
  a lot of polish emigration is temporary . 
  norwegian here . 
  yes , that new prison looks nice . 
  but two things : it 's a prison , so you ca n't leave . 
  you can leave a student dorm . 
  also , it 's a new prison . 
  as if it really needs to be said , the majority of our prisons have not been built this year . 
  counterintuitively , japanese road culture is apparently fairly bad according to [ this anecdote ] ( http://mentalfloss.com/article/55140/10-japanese-travel-tips-visiting-america ) . 
  how bad does it have to be when the us driving style seems polite ... 
   conservatives , who did n't want maori to be able to vote at all ahh , conservatives . 
  no matter the country , you can always count on them being shit . 
  another important point : older cars , lacking even basic safeties , left the running stock . 
  this is by [ alex jones ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9rbxle86ng ) . 
  you 're posting [ alex jones ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-urafsej-a#t=288 ) links . 
  your source is bad and you should feel bad . 
  in fairness it 's really largely redundant once you get enough to blow the whole world up a * second * time around . 
  we had a banking crisis in norway already , in the late eighties . 
  it was due to massively poor decisionmaking and lack of risk aversion . 
  unlike in ' 08 , it ended up with the norwegian state socializing the troubled banks and writing the stock value down to zero , meaning that the stock holders who profited from the risks lost money , whilst the savers and the economy retained a solid bank . 
  what keynes says is : spend during economic downtime and cut the budget during economic uptime . 
  that 's the flip-side , yes . 
  what most european nations have been doing is cutting the budget in a downturn . 
  there 's no doubt that their freedom to act has been restricted by irresponsible spending , but that does n't mean their hands are tied , as some right-wing parties enjoy pretending . 
   politicians always call for spending durnig an economic crisis . 
  but then when the crisis is over . 
  no one ever wants to say out loud that the spending still has to be paid for ... you 're right about that , although ... well , it 's no law of nature ; norway does it . 
  voters and journalists must demand more long-term responsibility . 
  sure , it 'd be futile to argue that the oil is n't relevant to our economy , but i would like to say that they are not the silver bullet that some people enjoy pretending they are . 
  we have a legal framework around the government 's petroleum fund which in many ways make withdrawals from the fund equivalent to a loan . 
  the interest on the loan is represented by the lost dividends the investments might pay elsewhere . 
  essentially , dipping into oil reserves is no different from deficit spending . 
  we do n't pay interest on the money , but we do lose out on the dividends of whereever else they might have been invested . 
  we did nothing another european country could not have done with only slightly greater effort . 
   would you rather have a job or none at all ?? 
  i think that 's a false dichotomy . 
  i want a job and i want equitable compensation for the value i create for share-holders . 
  as productivity has sky-rocketed , most of the increased value has gone to the capitalists ; an important reason why the gulf between rich and poor is ever widening . 
   also norway has a crapton of oil so you guys are lucky as hell . 
  yes , the oil was lucky , but that does suppress a lot of other activity that our economy would otherwise be involved in . 
  we were n't exactly a developing country when we found oil , either . 
  besides , the way we actually regulated the oil so that the proceeds would benefit the whole people was not luck , but political foresight . 
   unemployment in norway has n't gone above 5 % for a long time . 
  unlike most of europe where it has at since the gfc . 
  one of the most important slogans of the norwegian labour party , which dominates the norwegian political landscape , is `` keep the whole people working '' . 
  there are a great many political concequences of that , and one is that we refuse to use unemployment as an economic tool ; because the cost to the unemployed and to society in the long term is so much greater . 
  it 's not as if we practice some dark art here ; we 've remembered the lessons of keynes that say - when the private economy is slumping , one must use the public sector to compensate - because if unemployment starts to bite into the economy , it does n't let go - sometimes for decades after the original liquidity problems were resolved . 
  the reason other european countries have not done this has been largely ideological . 
  it 's really all an excuse for right-wing politicians to do what they always wanted to do anyway ; kill the social safety net so that the very wealthiest do n't have to bother with having to pay to keep the plebiscite out of misery . 
   i honestly wished i had been born in norway because anytime you guys have a recession you guys can just dip into your oil wealth an come back the next year like nothing ever happened . 
  it 's easier for us to use the petroleum fund than other forms of deficit spending , but it 's not as if it 's free money . 
  that wealth fund backs our social security , so we can not risk it . 
  it 's exactly like deficit spending except at a lower interest rates . 
   tons of norwegians online have the `` recession ??? 
  what recession ??? '', 
  smirk whenever theres a discussion about eurozone problems . 
  yeah , a lot of norwegians are obnoxious , and i 'm sorry about that . 
  but the point does stand that we do seem to have a political system which works a whole lot better than a lot of other european countries . 
  i think that the world could learn from a few of the political ideas in scandinavia , and that 's why i argue for them . 
  reckless spending is a long-term structural problem . 
  the lack of liquidity in the market is a short-term problem . 
  they are both serious , but they require different fixes . 
  austerity has taken the main keynesian lesson the capitalist world learned from the great depression , and run it in reverse . 
  it has made the short-term problem huge , and the long-term problem unmanageable . 
  national debt can only be measured proportionally to the economy . 
  in the example of greece , that national debt has skyrocketed because the spending cuts has paralyzed the economy . 
  and imagine the sheer scale of the human cost of this !, 
  what the eu has done by imposing austerity is essentially observing a burning house , and concluded that the main course of action is to do something about the terrible interior decoration so that the house is worth saving . 
  social democracy , fuck yeah . 
  there 's nothing magical about our country that kept youth unemployment low ( and caused an exodus of youth from sweden greater than the flow of people from sweden to the us in the 1900s ) . 
  it 's just a matter of political prioritizations that place the interest of the people above the interests of small groups of capitalists . 
  but we 've voted to change that now , so ... 
  but the jobs are netting them the least pay in decades . 
   jews never wanted to destroy countries from within . 
  gypsies neither . 
  that never stopped people from claiming it , and it is n't stopping them now . 
   radical muslims claim that the country they live in is realm of allah , thus everyone must obey to his laws even though those radicals may be a minority within minority . 
  yeah , but every religion has those . 
  it 's not very useful to associate the muslim religion with any particular bent for fundamentalism . 
   muslims are so much more different than any other minority , though . 
  not really , but a whole lot of people construct these elaborate political narratives to say they are . 
  last time europe really agreed to create one of those mythologies , we ended up trying to systematically eradicate the jews . 
   im intrigued , please share with us the other minorities norway has been exceptionally shitty too dear fellow . 
  in addition to the jews which were ** constitutionally ** banned from entering norway until 1865 ? 
  well , you have the romani , which we as a society have generally treated with varying levels of contempt and legal/semi-legal/illegal harassment which continues to this day with a burning intensity reminiscent of the fascist days . 
  not to mentioned a program of forced sterilization which sterilized 300 women against their will . 
  then there are the sami - tons of stuff there , like the 1902 law that required people to speak norwegian to buy land , or laws that banned them from teaching sami as a primary language ... and then there are the muslims , which face conspiracy theories in the public discourse by major politicians , which are not appreciably different in their insanity from the theories the germans had of jews .
