  there 's plenty implied . 
  the important word is `` implied '' which is kind of irreconcilable with `` literally '' . 
   7 % of our gdp is lost on it every year so we can safely say that it is untenable thanks . 
  please do n't drag numbers out of your ass like that to try to give your prejudice a patina of political respectability . 
  calculating the expense and generation of values to a country by ethnic groups are inherently impossible , and if you were to invent the statistical methods to do this , 7 % would be an insane number . 
  you 're saying swedish immigration costs more than the * entire public health service * ? 
  nobody can take that seriously . 
    real politicians get power by offering better solutions  how amazing then that people who say `` let 's cut the intake '' grow their voterbase then . 
  no , it 's not amazing . 
  racism and divide-and-conquer works . 
  and you 're a useful idiot to them . 
    not by pitting groups against each other . 
   which implying the opposition and it 's voters are literal nazis does n't at all of course . 
  well , fucking obviously not . 
  it 's a criticism of a political ideology and that 's well within the confines of democracy . 
  you know , democracy , that concept right-wing people pretend to like so they can paint muslims as a threat to it ? 
   i love how you cop the holier-than-thou attitude when your anti-immigration party are in your actual ruling government right now as well . 
  what about the way i 've been arguing would make you think i 'd ever vote for the breivik party ? 
   my decision has no bearing on other peoples decision or more importantly the actual election yes , but ... well , how to put this : you 're not special . 
  an election is n't a person coming to your house and asking you how you 'd prefer the country was run . 
  it 's a statistical process to ascertain who has the consent of the people to govern . 
  that is a macro-scale operation , not an individual-scale one . 
   in fact the evidence is that voting is harmful . 
  politicians vie for your vote by making outrageous promises , voting encourages that and they try to outdo each other with their retarded populism . 
  and you know why that works ? 
  because retarded populists vote like no other demographic group . 
  nothing gets people to the ballot box like dunning-kruger . 
  meanwhile , you 're saying you 're not buying into the populism , but you 're not voting . 
  so when you 're saying :  count me out . 
  you 're doing that to yourself . 
  and you 're letting the populists who you claim to dislike , vote for you . 
  `` literally a vote for hitler '' - because if you ca n't attack what people are saying , always go for what you 'd like to * pretend * they 're saying . 
  what a fantastic strategy . 
  the claim that there is `` untenable mass immigration '' is fairly meaningless . 
  there is immigration . 
  there has always been emigration and immigration . 
  people with initiative and drive go where opportunities are , and if people are heading your way that 's actually a fairly good sign . 
  the idea of people of different ethnicities washing over europe like a tsunami is a paranoid delusion with no small similarity to the propaganda of the nazis . 
  real politicians get power by offering better solutions , not by pitting groups against each other . 
  divide and conquer is a parasitic strategy , which nobody but the power-mongers win out on . 
  a single individual vote is unlikely to turn a representative seat . 
  but that is irrelevant . 
  a society consists of nothing but lots of individuals . 
  and when individuals at large decide their vote does n't matter , people who think differently begin to take over . 
  they have no higher motivations or greater knowledge than you , but they vote and so they have the power . 
  when you cast your vote , you contribute your marginal influence to an election . 
  that 's all you 've got , but on a macro scale it 's vastly preferable to zero influence . 
  and what aspect ( s ) of the social , moral and political collapse of our entire continent resulting in the deaths of millions of innocent people do you believe is * not * supposed to frighten ? 
  l'chaim , asshole . 
  i should think it 's a fairly obvious and mathematically uncontroversial statement that without multiple ones , there would be no million . 
  i wonder if part of the reason why the number for norway is so low because our climate tends to make us insulate our housing . 
  i lived next to a big shunting yard growing up . 
  the whole night was filled with screeching train brakes . 
  when we switched to double-glazed windows , it took months before i was able to sleep with them closed . 
   few countries can boast about the luxuries norway has . 
  a small , relatively homogeneous country supplemented by vast oil wealth is n't the best comparison to use in terms of pay . 
  the importance of oil to the strength of the norwegian economy is overstated . 
  we had n't paid off the debts we incurred to exploit the resources until 1983 - we were hardly a developing country before that . 
  besides , an oil-fuelled economy can be tremendously difficult to control , or prepare for the inevitable end of oil reserves . 
  our economic strengths primarily come from social democracy and strong national unions which give established democratic negotiation structures between capital and labour , with the state as mediators ; the `` three-party cooperation '' . 
  the really telling word there is `` cooperation '' ; laws have stringent definitions of what constitutes a legal strike - it allows the unions to retain their chief leverage , while ensuring capitalists could trust that their investments would n't suddenly stop giving dividends because of a wildcat strike . 
  krone for krone , our greater participation of women in the workplace generates more wealth than our oil . 
  these are the results of strong governmental participation in helping people lead a fulfilling life - great investment in high-quality public education , and paid maternal leave and subsidized kindergarten which helps families by enabling both members of the family to have full-time jobs . 
  and it also includes a social safety net which means that no citizen ( barring a heroin habit ) will ever find themselves having to live in the streets , and no child grows up with any opportunity robbed from them by their parents ' circumstances . 
   only switzerland has triple the us minimum wage . 
  hell germany does n't even have one . 
  most countries with the highest minimum wages in reality , have no single all-encompassing minimum wage set by law . 
  in its place , vitally , there are other , stronger , legal protections for labour - which are far healthier both for workers and for the whole economy . 
  the nordic model includes a three-party negotiation between the chamber of commerce and the national union based on the `` battlefront model '' ; wages in export-oriented sectors lag wages in domestic sectors . 
  it keeps exports competitive , and ensures that wages are set by negotiations informed by the economic situation . 
  there is no minimum wage job in norway , but you 're going to have a hard time finding a legal job paying an adult less than $ 25 . 
  even correcting for purchasing power , that 's a living wage in a way that $ 7 ai n't . 
   that city used to be the mecca of hippies , and is now filled with burned out drug addicts . 
  in addition , it still has this lore as a liberal utopia for some reason , and teen runaways and various transients congregate in san francisco . 
  i spoke to a homeless shelter and they said it was due to the climate . 
  neither portland nor san francisco gets cold enough to freeze off limbs , so people end up gravitating towards those places . 
  but what 's your point , they deserve to be homeless because they 're hippies ? 
   and the locals i talked to seemed fine with all the transients and bums in their city there are two different things one can `` be fine '' or take issue with . 
  one is the economic conditions and lack of safety net which leads to people being forced to live on the street . 
  the other problem is that this despondency is visible . 
  unfortunately , in my city of oslo , the homelessness among immigrants from eastern europe primarily confronted as a visibility problem . 
  which side of this are you objecting to ? 
  upon further research i realize i 've used the term `` pandemic '' imprecisely , because that seems to describe geographical distribution and not concentration . 
  so , sorry about that . 
  but still , ** of course a full percent is a totally unacceptable proportion ** of children to be malnutritioned in a rich nation . 
  pasadena and san francisco . 
  the local grocery store in pasadena had like five people living behind it . 
  outside my hostel in sf it was like a fucking shanty town . 
   where europeans get the idea that there is systemic , `` extreme poverty '' in the us a mystery to me . 
  i visited the us when i was about 15 and did some spelunking . 
  the scale of homelessness was horrifying . 
  i ca n't find another word for it . 
  and although they were never in extreme poverty , my working-class family in the us have to struggle for what i can take for granted in norway , and * should * be able to take for granted - health care , high-quality education and a guaranteed minimum of dignity . 
  i mean - these are children having their opportunities in life stifled simply because their parents do n't have the money to get them a good education . 
  it is fundamentally immoral , and so incredibly wasteful of human capital , the most vital asset any nation has . 
  my visit to the united states is a big part of what got me thinking about politics and eventually ended up as a social democrat . 
  btw , i do n't want to come off as whiney eurotrash here . 
  i love the united states , i worship the principles it was founded on , i have never found a more gregarious , funny , charming bunch of people than in the us . 
  but the way that country ruthlessly stacks the odds against its weakest is inhumane . 
   our income equality is not `` ridiculous . '',
