  germany used that situation to better their spot in europe . 
  i usually never have reason to defend russia ( at least about the things i talk ) , but russia was a simple ally of serbia and had to go to war . 
  austria was the aggressor ( of course with a reason - so it did n't start a world war - just a regional war ) . 
  and germany joined it voluntarily to fuck up the balance in europe . 
  at least that 's how i learned it in school in germany . 
  its time is over !, 
  szigets time is over . 
  no . . lithuania gave georgia such support * because * they were buddies for such a long time . 
  * preparingsextoys *, 
  georgia and lithuania have long been somekind brotherly nations . 
  it may have started during the soviet union ( idk ) , but the friendship is not about the soviet union . 
  :d i see you quite often arguing with people all day until they get annoyed . 
  i was talking about what lithuanians say all the time - not about the english expression . 
  i too have access to wikipedia and dictionaries - it 's the internet - i already knew what you just wrote . 
  you can save yourself the time . 
   a lot of people say bar\u0161\u010diai -  bar\u0161\u010diai , not borscht . 
  therefore borscht means for me the russian variations . 
   well you need to get out more than what is more ? 
  shall i live on the streets ? 
  no lithuanian says borscht - at least never when i 'm nearby apparently . 
  never in my life did i hear a lithuanian call it like this . 
  not even any of my grandparents or other old people . 
   borscht if anything , it 's burokeliu sriuba - and the pink soup is \u0160altibar\u0161\u010diai . 
  borscht is the russian red beet soup with anything in it - from meat to bread . 
  i thought so too , but i would rather listen to gintaras , the angry bear . 
  ~ ~ connecting europe ~ ~ connecting marseille and amsterdam to frankfurt . 
  say your prayers - i 've contacted mama grybauskaite . 
  they 're coming . 
  the comment section got already worse than i imagined . 
  [ that reminds me of this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbg6vzedi_i ) !, 
  i respected you , until you bing ` ed cepelinai . 
  easy , you lack the tons of sour cream and pure speck . 
  it is extremely confusing , when i ca n't read my usual media - i hate blog posts . 
  thank you , i 'll read that !, 
  i adore him more as a great painter . 
  but on the other side he probably * still * is the greatest lithuanian componist - no competition . 
  that 's the spirit - what border ? 
  ... norway . . 
  i think our ( nordic and baltic ) politicians and economy realise that as well . 
  that 's why all danish and swedish banks are also present in lithuania . 
  everybody 's using swedbank and dnb nord . 
  your companies are here , while they 're not in germany or france and our politics work very closely together . 
  you see this with the nb8 group or our spot as the only observer states in the nordic council . 
  we are in the same northern area - just a bit in the east . 
  it would be foolish from both sides not to work together and not to grow closer . 
  k\u00f6nigsberg would be small , but i mean it still could be the wolf ? 
  estonian drives on highway passes one car - wow . 
  but license plate is suomi . 
  oh my god , haha , shit like this only happens on the internet . 
  thank you for your comment . 
  i guess this is tourist parking in croatia ? 
  come on , in every thread there are stupid beings , buried in comments . 
  we need you , man . 
  the wiki page says no word about this . 
  anyway , sucks doing things like this just 15 years after the holocaust . 
  that 's really sickening . 
  without the old jews vilnius would 've been nothing but a provincial city - many ( if not most ? ), 
  of vilnius cities famous sons and daughters were of jewish origin . 
  and now their tombstones serve as stairs . 
  in the 60s soviets tore down a famous and old jewish graveyard in vilnius . 
  apparently tombstones were used to build stuff in the surroundings . 
  this was just found through coincidence by a person who went for a walk . 
  wait , i always thought it came from the word pilti , because balts build their castles on piliakalniu mountains . 
  http://lt.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/piliakalnis also i do n't get the information from your source . 
  do they mean the word pilis is derived from polis , or do they mean these words are just related because of you know , indo-european relation ? 
  edit : my bad , you just said yourself both words are just related . 
  yeah man , fuck festivities , culture and entertainment . 
  correct . 
  the lithuanian - burg would be - pilis ( has nothing to do with - polis btw ) . 
  life is short - do n't waste your time with negative people , man . 
  i think this overestimates modern education ( whatever you mean with that ) - if some members of populist parties stop by and get the children candies or cigarettes , they have them on their side . 
  apart from smart individuals of course , but in a democracy a few is not enough . 
  having access to information is different from having the ability to process that information . 
  true in every way , but this is how it works . 
  somewhere has to be the starting point and 18 it has been for everything since ages . 
  of course times change , but nowadays we still prepare the young ones for being on their own by the age of 18 ( nowadays maybe even for later , because it seems like everybody gets a tertiary education ) . 
  it 's hard to take some rights away from old people , because old people make those rights . 
  that 's something i was dreaming of , when i was this age . 
  10 years later i doubt this is a good idea . 
  the majority of 16 year olds is just too vulnerable to populists . 
  nice one , pretending to not getting the joke !, 
  flag will be planted !, 
  wow , i would n't know how to spend all those hundred thousands of rubles i would suddenly have in my bank . 
  but i can yell free tibet there instead ? 
  ahh , the suomis already forgot our old brotherhood : /, 
  easy , buddy !, 
  i do n't think they have many toilets , so i would have done that anyway . 
  if you want i can piss `` fnzombie was here '' into the danube beach sand . 
  of course i know - normal condoms wo n't fit on dem huge fellas in prison, 
   klaip\u0113da the joke was good , but you talk too much . 
  have a ticket for yourself at our ~ ~ cia ~ ~ international friendliness hotel , too !, 
  you will have to buy a big load of condoms if you go to prison ( i know you do n't like them , cause they are expensive ) . 
  wrong - i am from whatever !, 
  what 's wrong with you, 
  ahh you took that way too serious . 
  not everybody likes kinack rap . 
  either baba haft or nothing . 
  was sure you meant money boy . . 
  same shit . 
  dat blink !,
