  haha, 
  one day , my broli !!, 
  ( it 's a joke - it means `` list of burn centers in bohemia '' in german , because why english ? 
  if one person smiles reading it , i consider my job fulfilled . ), 
  on point . 
  ja , mein krypton . 
  yeah and you even have to share it with your southern and northern neighbor ; _ ;, 
  but i wrote the crown of mandingos . 
  fell for it . 
  it sounded too good . 
  the crown of mindaugas is still in cracow , is n't it ? 
  the one thing lithuanians really can do well besides playing basketball is being good with money in my opinion . 
  unfortunately i 'm a guy who stays around ( ich bin so wild nach deinem erdbeermund ), 
  and i got your joke ( \u261e \u00b0 \u2200 \uff9f \u00b0 ) \u261e, 
  good luck !, 
  there are many , who support you !, 
  wow , this is creepy . 
  and absurd too - that we have to prove foreign involvement in war through satellite pictures of fucking cemeteries . 
  what the fuck . 
  why should he pressure the eu at all ? 
  really man , the baltic states were worse off during the financial crisis than greece , but we bailed out without any foreign help . 
  it 's time that the greece government stops playing games . 
  but i know it wo n't . 
  1990 triggered my existence !, 
  oh god !, 
  i get always so proud of our friends of the turkish delegation when i red such news . 
  gold, 
  these are slavic colours , so why should it be ? 
  i see you are much more educated on this matter than i am , and much of what you tell makes totally sense . 
  but from my laymans guess i think generally a language comission for lithuania is not ultimately bad . 
  i 've studied japanese on the side at university and it is really sick how many english/american words they 're using . 
  why ? 
  because nobody disallowed them . 
  you can actually guess japanese words if you know how to japanise english words . 
  the only reason why japanese language is still safe , is because they 're not a european , gramatically too foreign language . 
  then there 's germany - this is like the japanese example in a indo-european ( even worse - germanic ) language , which is much more exposed and vulnerable to the current english influence . 
  it is not as bad as in japan ( that would be fatal ) , but it is quite bad . 
  think about this : you almost ca n't advertise without using english words or sentences , because that seems unnatural and not modern/cool . 
  there are crazy words everybody uses , which do n't make sense at all . 
  like handy - handy is a mobile telephone . 
  they call it handy and less educated germans , when they visit foreign countries talk about handys and think it 's english . 
  the worst thing in the german language ? 
  they 've almost completely lost the casus genetive . 
  anglicism has killed it and the more simple and longer casus dativ has taken over . 
  and that 's not the end . 
  i 'm just saying , that the lithuanian commission is needed - i think - but should be a bit less strict , so our language can still naturally evolve ( right now it certainely ca n't ) . 
  otherwise it would be too easy to germanise , anglocise or russiafise ( how do i spell these . . ) our language again . 
  never , vladislavai !!, 
  probs to our latvian brothers !, 
  i know it is a bit naive and totally without any scientific proof , but i guess a rich person is harder to bribe . 
  edit : it was extremely naive - i know, 
   i even started to buy goods made in lietuva instead of made in russia . 
  thanks !, 
  and i buy only chumak ketchup !, 
  best ketchup i know - seriously . 
  also , my mind is always at you . 
  i see quite often cars with ukrainian license plates ( i live in germany right now ) and i always want to go and greet the drivers . . 
  but that would be extremely weird . 
  this irrelevant chart gets repostet every day . 
  i have n't done anything so the shit they need from me . 
  as you probably have seen by yourself in your source , in total accidents decreased by 11 % between 2010-2014 . 
  these 3rd world country statistics are so embarrassing . 
  the only thing that comforts me is that we are gradually improving . 
  well there 's the internet and then there 's real life . 
  in real life most people do n't even know , that those countries are forming the nordic council . 
  vikings did nothing wrong . 
  what have you done ? 
  toomas hendrik ilves just shed a tear . 
  that 's for sure !, 
  i was 14 then and remember the day thinking that we are finally free from russia . 
  forever . 
  i could n't imagine war back then . 
  now i can imagine a war rising again . 
  i 'm sorry for every civilian loss . 
  the old yugoslavian goverment was responsible for this . 
  that 's what you get for ethnic cleansing . 
  [ similarities ... ] ( http://www.pipedija.com/images/d/db/lietuva-afrika-zemelapis.jpg ), 
  well , you 're right about that . 
  maybe i do n't know enough about it , but it also seems , that all these steppe nations were kind of indifferent about their souvereignity . 
  so thaaaaat 's why most russians behind the ural look so asian . 
  that 's probably the reason . 
  okay , that little * s * is missing . 
  maybe prussians said it this way , 
  a goverment which is more german than the german one . 
  oh god , even doneck terrorists flags . . 
  i 'm sorry for you !, 
  but it 's good to know , that they are annoying , but meaningless . 
  [ let 's see if this is how it works ... ] ( https://www.google.lt/maps/dir/wilna/bukarest,+municipiul+bucure%c8%99ti,+rum%c3%a4nien/@49.1842243,11.9050352,5z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m14!4m13!1m5!1m1!1s0x46dd93fb5c6408f5:0x400d18c70e9dc40!2m2!1d25.2796514!2d54.6871555!1m5!1m1!1s0x40b1f93abf3cad4f:0xac0632e37c9ca628!2m2!1d26.1025384!2d44.4267674!3e0 ), 
  zaliar\u016bta !, 
  switch off your computer for once ; ), 
  of course it is staged . 
  i have n't seen an unstaged viral social experiment in years . 
   that racism is hurtful ? 
  decent people know that . 
  there is no need to remind them . 
  i am sure the french were decent people a few decades back , too , but were certainely xenophobic as well . 
  the baltics opened just 25 years ago . 
  you ca n't expect liberal and tolerant world views of them , which were developed in western europe through many decades . 
  do you drink 'n' drive ? 
  edit : sorry , man .
