  that 's why we need fucking protection . 
  this is so cheap and embarrassing . 
  there is no info in this video at all ? 
  they use emotions as arguments . 
  every foreigner i made this soup for loved it . 
  i was really surprised because i myself did n't like it , when i was a child . 
  this is actually really clever !, 
  do it and i will change them . 
  i thought so , but there 's no need to be upset all the time . 
  it is so much better with the video . 
  but it 's still very pioneer-like . 
  i think i know , what you mean with slavic accent . 
  that kid is reciting some samogitian poem . 
  somehow kids at school still learn this soviet pioneer poem style . 
  with revolutionary intonations , although the text is about nature or something . 
  i do n't like it at all . 
  quick , tell us if he 's an immigrant , before we can form an opinion !, 
  are you zlatan ? 
  are you stupid ? 
  what a shit-title . 
  it is one fucking brown kid brutally attacking one fucking white kid . 
  what do you know ? 
  maybe the white kid called them ugly names in school ? 
  maybe that white kid was a smart-ass ? 
  and maybe that white-kid is being kicked for being a loser and is also frequently kicked by other white kids . 
  this shit does n't belong in / r/europe , but mods can leave it , so we can have an open discussion about retarded users here . 
  oh god this is so great . 
   my fellow country men , do n't get pissed ... but only because you asked . 
  since he used bazookas in his video clips i know he 's just kidding . 
  you 're kidding me . 
  the church ? 
  finally , latvia . 
  that 's good to hear . 
  if you 're old enough to fuck , you are old enough to raise a child - your dad probably knows that  i wish you the best luck !, 
  i cant fucking believe how [ relevant ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tzebyiw.jpg ) my tag was !, 
  [ and found the disturbing link ... ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2wyrf7/abortion_rates_of_europa/cove0q9 ) edit : and i was already so excited . 
  no uncle crap_people yet then ... 
  the harsh answer is that you wo n't see those posts because few jews are left in europe , who would post this . 
  i 'm all for remembrance and open regret . 
  these were unhumane times and i hope they will never repeat again . 
  russian paranoia of the west . 
  checkmate , today is pirmadienis . 
  it must be very annoying if you just wan na read current news . 
  i also get pissed off when i see an article to the 1000th time about romanias internet speed or about varoufakis and merkels intimate realtionship . 
  i like that you articulate yourself normally and not really denying anything . 
  but you must understand that in the end for us baltics everyone was innocent if the only `` crime '' he/she did was to do anything for the liberty of our homelands . 
  do you also need citation for a statement like the earth is still round ? 
  these are official statements , but my grandparents and many others were just farmers and were deported to siberia for no reason . 
  they were no threat , they just wanted area and space to russify the region . 
  the total number for the baltic states is about 200 000 . 
  i estimate this number because i only know of lithuania with 150 000 victims , so it 's probably way higher for all three . 
  * #justrussianthings *, 
  that 's worse than i imagined : /, 
  i only have it as a german source right now . 
  before they gave it back to lithuania they even made it a city of the belorussian ssr . 
  they were powerful enough to do what they wanted . 
  i do n't know how it was in latvia but 150000 were deported from lithuania , 60.000 were allowed to go back , but only 30.000 were allowed to settle in lithuania . 
  in estonia 11000 people were deported and about 4000 came back . 
  \u201e soviet deportations from lithuania `` auf @wikipedia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_deportations_from_lithuania?wprov=sfti1, 
  i tried to find out if the army was already there , but i could n't find more detailed information than that the russians captured and gave vilnius to lithuania 6 months before they annected whole lithuania . 
  so you could guess they stayed there ... 
  but on the other side vilnius was no konstantinople and there should n't have been a risk to leave the city for a few months . 
  yes - but there would n't be many separatists . 
  there would come some russians as separatists and they would get their training and weapons from russia . 
  let 's hope - because i do n't think we will get a great military soon by ourselves anyway . 
   they managed to loose entire tanks ( as in , forgot where they put them ) on several occasions , for example . 
  that counts as costs for peace and security , man . 
   our geography is indefensible in the long run i know - that 's why we have to try to be even more unattractive to be conquered . 
  in any way . 
  e : like this - [ bon app\u00e9tit ] ( https://youtu.be/i4nmwzt5bse?t=33 ) , udija . 
  i really hope one day lithuania ( the baltics in general ) will have a swiss-like militia system . 
  i think this is the only way to preserve souvereignity in the long run . 
  we have to take care for ourselves and it must be a huge pain for the oppressor to take our territory . 
  busiu . 
  the euro is pretty good . 
  they still want the u. 
  that looks so randomized . 
  eesti can into nordic jail : /, 
   i m german soldier , i m used to be told something like that . 
  we are screamed murderer , laught about and worse . 
  if you go in your uniform in some places here you can really get trouble . 
  that made me sad . 
  if you want to feel good as a german/western soldier go to lithuania ( or any baltic country ) and you 'll get hugs & blowjobs for your presence . 
  the people here know how to appreciate western presence . 
  spread all the refugees through the whole of europe ( instead of all of them in 3 cities in germany and 1 in sweden ) and everything will be fine . 
  the problem is they all have to stay in western europe or in the mediterrean where they arrived . 
  of course it looks like too much then . 
  but spread them over the whole eu and you will hardly notice them ... they even will mix up with us and look the same to our grandchildren . 
  if you tell reddit you 're one of those persons who bleed once a month , you will be loved regardless where you come from . 
  how can somebody fucking hate san marino ? 
  they are erdnussbutter and d\u017eeli . 
  yes , finland . 
  nobody cares what swedes think , so it can be only finland . 
  switzerland is even worse than russia . 
  fuck switzerland . 
  whats wrong with lithuania ? 
  no wonder , nobody likes poland , fuck man !, 
  edit : never leave out the / s :(, 
  not serbia , not austria and not russia . 
  it was germany .
