  i know what you mean , but lithuania has changed so drastically it has only history in common with poland . 
  so my natural answer would be latvia . 
  otherwise it could be also be belarus , but i guess you also see what i mean - nowadays it 's simply an absurdity . 
  your comic ... i cried ;(, 
  hahaha , oh shit - creep ` as, 
   someone young and perspective i 'm sure you have many and enough candidates like this !, 
  yes , you are ... yes , you are . 
  i really love the czech republic and your role during through the holy roman empire until the 1990s and hope you will overcome zeman . 
  he 's a real embarrassment . 
  not nearly as bad as it looks like . 
  i travel regularly between germany and austria . 
  i see more customs and police , but have never been stopped , nor had to slow down . 
  being # 1 - or staying alive . 
  the choice is easy . 
  and deep in your genes you know it too . 
  [ the saddest thing to read without context . 
  ] ( http://1psl.lt/photobanks/7/687x0x85/_uncategorized-34654.jpg ), 
  a little embarrassing , but it 's from [ bild ] ( www.bild.de/politik/inland/verkehrsordnungswidrigkeit/wenn-diplomaten-gleich-mit-der-tuer-ins-haus-fahren-44273728.bild.html ) . 
  yes , i guess this is how it works . 
  they have to close their eyes until somebody dies . 
  usa has the least violations compared to the whole vehicle fleet . 
  because surprisingly russia 's ratio is the minimum . 
  i guess their goverment is very strict with their diplomats and they do n't tolerate too many misbehavior in certain countries . 
  edit : damn , actually i do n't know . 
  usa has the least violations . 
  that must be a mistake , then . 
  the whole family is protected . 
  because when you look at the violations/vehicle-fleet ratio , lt diplomats are responsible for the most violations of all diplomats in europe . 
  it 's embarrassing and i 'd like to hear some deabtes about that ( especially in lithuanian media ) . 
  it 's the top 10 of absolute violations , that means not compared to the size of the vehicle fleet . 
  but you can still be glad that slovenia does n't shine up in this top 10 . 
  not only the diplomats - their kids as well . 
  i guess they did and i guess that 's why they are still alive and still doing this . 
  lithuanian diplomats should start using bikes in berlin . . ** edit : ** just so everybody knows - most of these vioalations are parking violations and overspeeding . 
  no need to believe in huge cover-ups or any other exaggerations . 
  nice !, 
  now i really need one which extends beyond the borders !, 
  * megalomania intensifies *, 
  there are plenty of subs for sexual harrassments and actual help . 
  there 's a reason , why you posted it here . 
  and for you ... fix-it ? 
  absolutely !, 
  ah , you mean cig b\u00f6rek !, 
  that 's turkish or caucasian , bro . 
  i know what you 're talking about . 
  last summer , i was travelling for 2 weeks on the danube river in hungary . 
  i was very excited to try all of their foods . 
  i ate almost every day in some restaurant at the river ( including in budapest ) . 
  but to my huge disappointment , i found only one restaurant ( outside of budapest - in budapest it was great ! ), 
  which served o.k. 
  food . 
  all the bars and restaurants in the countryside looked really nice and seemed to attract many ( mostly hungarian ) tourists . 
  but somehow i ate there the worst gulas , the worst gipsy roast ( zigeunerbraten ) and the worst palacinken i ever ate . 
  as i said , the food in budapest was awsome , but i missed the country experience , because in the city they made the food really fancy french style - great taste , but just not the same . 
  nice one, 
  me too . 
  i hate seeing stereotypes confirmed . 
  so you 're pushing on the lithuania without an h thing :d are there any updates ? 
  i heard that for the first time it 's possible to candidate as a habsburger :d, 
  fischer looks just like a copy of gauck . 
  love you , \u00cdsland !, 
  that 's probably the reason . 
  but that also defines brotherly nations - not to make a huge deal about borders . 
  if it makes you feel any better : latvia considered taking palanga in the interwar period ... 
  considered : /, 
  first of all - what kind of a statement is that ? 
  `` we do n't need the west , we are stronger on our own '' . 
  we 're all together in one union and although we 're confronted with many problems right now , we still should need to strive towards an eu where we all become equal - not just on paper . 
  also , why team up with broken democracies like orbans hungary or the more recent polish disaster politics . 
  no , thank you . 
  the only reason i see to team up , would be to help them to get rid of their dictators . 
  lithuanias future is clearly western , with strong economical cooperation with the nordic states . 
  i 'm not saying stop trading with russia & co. and by god , i do n't say we should stop reaching goals with eastern european eu partners . 
  but it 's an easy choice for lithuania and the baltics to choose on which partners to orientate , to become a more competetive economy . 
  no , thanks . 
  really beautiful !, 
  i watch this everytime until the end , when this gets posted . 
  i get eesti-patriotic myself watching this . 
   if ussr would be truly evil , the bloody sunday would be an execution well . . it 's called bloody sunday for a reason . 
  their tanks rolled over and killed 14 people . 
  and other evil events were the invasion of czechoslovakia and the bloody smashings of the budapest protests . 
  not to mention all the secret mass executions in the prisons , which you can all visit now in the ex soviet states . 
  i visited the one in vilnius and in the basement you can see a big whole in the wall , which was formed by executing one after another through the pistol bullets . 
  on the ground was a drain installed - like in a slaughterhouse - all in the middle of the city center . 
  i do n't know . 
  you could ask your pegidaians and afd voters . 
  i 'm 25 , but the early nineties were the worst time anyway . 
  i remember one thing that stuck to me for probably forever . 
  one day my mom picked me up from kindergarten and to me she had a present . 
  it was just a fuckin mandarine , but it felt like i got ( in nowadays worth ) something like a drone quadcopter . 
  and then we were still better situated lithuanians . 
  i mean we had a car since the eighties , so that tells a lot . 
  i never thought i would ever need to say this in my lifetime . . 
  but i really hope poland wo n't become some kind of russia in the west . 
  right now we had the best relations since 1300 and i guess we all want to keep it this way . 
  * zipp * ... 
  austria is one of those stupid eastern european countries who build that ridiculous fence . 
  it 's so cute when current austria tries to be one of the big guys . 
  exactly, 
  i hope not .
