  back to the middle ages in europe . 
  great ... 
  is that preussic one jiddisch ? 
  if yes , i 'm really impressed . 
  that 's just fucking creative !, 
  he said latvia , not fake-latvia . 
  it can kill itself , like most empires . 
  vodka makes great subjects . 
  that 's the plan . 
  holy shit . 
  they can do what they want with their own citizens ( if even . . ) but certainly not with others . 
  they 'll get it all back . 
  someday and somehow . 
  all empires share the same fate . 
  iceland is the best nord bro !, 
  eisenk\u00e4tzchen , i 'll steal this joke from you !, 
  and ye told , blaze that dill and smoke that onion . 
  you mean ethiopian empire : /, 
  what ? 
  we want them too !, 
  we did it , reddit !, 
  [ i prefer this one of vienna ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ly2ix-6f8xm ), 
  man , you 've ruined my story . 
   the etymological source of `` kalja '' is unknown . 
  okay , i 'm gon na say this only once : in p-l ( peasant lithuanian ) you say `` kala '' if some alcoholic beverage makes you tipsy fast . 
  you guys knew your priorities , when you chose your loanwords . 
  yeah , cuntweasel , how embarrassing . 
  ey i think there is no reason for sour relations now . 
  sure , everything needs some time , but i think we hit the moment where everything regarding our relations goes up . 
  recently they even allowed the letter w in lithuanian passports , 
  yeah , that 's one interesting question where our mentality and by what it was influenced . 
  i also think that 's one thing many countries in the modern era had to challenge . . 
  if you 're interested , look up nihon jin ron ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/nihonjinron ) . 
  it 's a literature topic , where japan discussed ( discusses ) it 's identity ( which was torn between chinese , later european and now american hardcore domination ) in the last decades . 
  i ask myself what effects would such a discussion bring to lithuanians . 
  i somehow guess it would be an identity with baltic and simplicistic roots with a concentration on the future . 
  at least that 'd be my wish . 
  you 're right about the long lasting consequences and about the shared personalities and especially about the uprisings . 
  i was thinking about them a little too . 
  but still , modern day lithuania is so different - we had a really minor role in the commonwealth . 
  the old times are gone and i think that 's why our modern deals are all with swedbank instead of banka polska . 
  and that 's why poland is more interested in the czech republic and germany-deals than their former area of influence . 
  we parted our ways, 
   why do you put germany as a `` control group '' do n't forget they were exposed to pretty much bare naked capitalism after ww2 . 
  yeah , but that 's a pretty good thing in that matter ?!, 
  i lived half my live in ( western ) germany and i can tell you we all lived good and happy - and then there was the russian controlled east . 
  that 's because of the lack of neighbors . 
  i always jokingly said ( i 've only been to ireland once ) that ireland is the lithuania of the west . 
  both up in the north , both somehow stayed catholic . 
  both like to drink and fight . 
  both got kind of assimilated by a bigger neighbor and so on . 
  i realize you could find many countries , but it just is a fun comparison . 
  the problem is , this poland thing , or better this commonwealth thing , is already too long gone . 
  it ended about 1750 ( too lazy to look up ) . 
  there was and is a connection to poland , but everything has changed . 
  poland even had to move half of their country to the west . 
  imagine something like that for france or italy ?!?!, 
  lithuania stayed where it is now * and * got a new neighbour ( belarus ) . 
  all is left is the common history ( again - which ended about 250 years ago ) and therefore the common architecture ( which is obviously italian , so even that is kind of tricky . 
  but you can say in this case that at least we were both affected by the same waves of fashion ) . 
  the only relevant history as of now happened in the last 250 years !, 
  lithuania was established , industrialization of the world , freedom fights and occupation . 
  therefore for me it is latvia and even estonia , although we do n't share any architectural structures ( only at the coast ) , but a lot of cultural traits . 
  i ca n't grasp how much damage this soviet thing did to our and all the eastern bloc countries . 
  it seems like a massive experiment gone right , in which somebody wanted to show how easy it is to fuck up a few generations in some selected countries . 
  best examples would be control group ( cg ) : western germany - experimental group ( eg ) : eastern germany cg : finland eg : estonia but i am fucking optimistic that i will see the real change within my lifetime . 
  it got me , when i read ukraine and looked at russia . 
  finals is coulds understands tavis . 
   they have skills with the ball * blood rushing towards crotch *, 
  i tried , man, 
  i like this !, 
  4 hours 9 minutes `` sing the anthem for once , with the other idiots '', 
  great !, 
  sveikas clauzeli , i understand the idea , but there 's a flaw in this concept . 
  most people do n't read the articles , they do n't even open the page - all they do is reading the headline and so they upvote sensationalistic posts . 
  therefore the old concept with warning labels for unreliable sources was better , because it was making even the people who did n't read the articles more cautious . 
  thanks for hearing me and good job on supporting the strike yesterday , btw . 
  i know , man : /, 
  whatever, 
  i 'm no expert , but i think russia has ( or really should have ) enough troops for several `` fronts '' . 
  that 's a very fair and appropriate mental image , but to me eastern europe reminds me mostly of the slavish europe . 
  why do they all want to go to england this bad ? 
  you mean as far east as helsinki ? 
  all of the baltic countries ( including finland back then ) belonged to russia until 1917 and we only could break away , because they could n't handle internal and external pressure . 
  so generally your question was why should n't we show `` good will '' and finally give up ? 
  just for my interest - where do you see lithuania ? 
  i also hate it , when they put us in eastern europe and i love it when we are put in the baltics or in northern europe . 
  sure , for political reasons eastern europe still makes sense . 
  but times and perceptions wo n't stay the same . 
  i am in austria and it seems like everybody smokes in vienna . 
  i quit already , but it is annoying , that you 're allowed to smoke * inside * every bar or restaurant . 
  also , you can still legally smoke from 16 in austria . . 
  germany started wwii - there 's nothing to debate . 
  but  the fact that russia as an independent entity did n't even exist back then is such a fucking bullshit . 
  for us ; _ ;, 
  good job !, 
  that 's the right way !, 
  i hope the lithuanian project did n't reflect the real attitudes of lithuanians towards mandatory service , but just the attitude of one lonely hipster . 
  he said great , wwiii ca n't come fast enough . 
  great you think so too !,
