how do swedish and bosnian prisons compare in terms of radicalizing prisoners ? 
   we now ` deport ' troublesome asylum seekers to . . germany ... and they are like `` ok , that 's cool '' . 
  what do you mean by troublesome ? 
  merkel and co border policy which they pushed on the eu caused the crisis inside your borders . 
  a slow trickle which was ignored , straight into a landslide due to the open border and extremely mismanaged stance on refugees . 
  the border nations were n't the ones making those decisions . 
  they were heavily pressured by nations like germany to do nothing , and then scapegoated when the refugees arrived deep into europe and delusional politicians realized that warm thoughts alone ca n't solve the world 's problems , turning a crisis outside the borders into a domestic one . 
  ah , the butterfly effect of iraq scapegoat . 
  truly a classic , a deservedly well beaten dead horse turned one-stop excuse to dump your worries and ignore more immediate and logical causes of a problem , such as who set the failed border policy or how the border nations were ignored for years leading up to this . 
  surely politicians in northern eu nations did n't make their decision to open borders and invite half the planet into europe , and greece did n't forewarn of this year after year while being shoved aside ... no no , it was iraq all along . 
  and i know * exactly * what you mean . 
  you see one night not too long ago i went to this club and went home with a shady looking gal , and the next thing i know my doctor is saying `` this cream will cure the itch '' , but i knew better . 
  i said `` doc , you listen here . 
  i do n't need your cream , because it was n't irresponsible sex that caused the itch . 
  it was iraq . '', 
  and i stormed out of that doctor 's office with my nose in the air , because yeah my junk might leak worse than eu 's borders , but at least i blamed iraq . 
  and that 's all that matters . 
  that and deep fried bacon . 
  and ice cream dipped corn dogs . 
  and freedom . 
  but mostly iraq . 
  full of myself because i stated a simple reality of the world we live in ; that western nations have done a lot of good and made the world more secure ? 
  that 's quite the string of personal insults you 've peppered in there , but i can see you 're just going on an anti-american rant based on my flag . 
  it gave me a good chuckle because you 've failed to realize that i was also talking about all the good countries like france or germany have done securing the world , or perhaps you just were n't aware of that . 
  indeed , the world-wide coalition against terrorism is strong even today , and we are all blessed to be as safe as we are . 
  but please , tell me more about how the western allies somehow cause all the problems in the world , or how you believe the us is somehow in charge of eu immigration and border policy . 
  last i checked those are sovereign nations and good allies , and we certainly would n't pay them the disrespect of meddling in their affairs !, 
  we may be the most freedomest nation on earth , but we are n't barbarians you know . 
  though your posts are somewhat delusional , by all means , do n't let a clearly arrogant and intellectually inferior freedomburger stand in the way of you regurgitating more of these tabloid tier political views . 
  i 've already grabbed a tray of cocktail-sized butter and lard sandwiches to wet my appetite for your next post . 
  going on at a smaller rate in greece and ignored completely by countries like germany . 
  if it had n't been ignored , maybe merkel would have known that a sensible solution was needed , not just an open invitation leading to chaos . 
  are germans really washing their hands of this so quickly ? 
  i just hope greeks finally get the help they deserve , because this chaos which germany is largely responsible for is n't good for anyone , including the refugees . 
  i do n't know about the downvotes , is it not popular to support greece ? 
  i do n't mind . 
  i have a lot of sympathy for their situation , and i hope some europeans do too . 
  you should be united on this . 
   modern feminists most definitely often declare their denomination . 
  most do n't as it 's very much a splintered term which pretty much anyone moderate to left or even right might call themselves . 
  like i said , most people who identify as feminist probably do n't know what kind of feminist they are , because they are n't activists . 
  `` feminism '' in popular usage is no longer a defined ideology . 
  it 's a populist term that can mean pretty much anything within the scope of a vague approval of equality and women 's rights , so vague in fact that a feminist can be identical in the policies they support to any moderate who does n't identify with the term . 
   after all , it is a little pretentious to say in a casual conversation : `` i am a trans-inclusionary intersectional feminist with womanist and lacanian influences '' . 
  and utterly meaningless to say `` i 'm a feminist '' and then proceed to have an argument involving what i mentioned in my opening post : polarizing opinions on one side and not-all-feminists meme on the other . 
  because lets face it , that 's what the majority of discussions between feminists and non-feminists end up as . 
  the term `` feminist '' has n't been useful to concrete discussions ever since it gained mainstream appeal . 
  popular usage has rendered it near meaningless . 
  you 're going into the history of feminism and ignoring modern usage . 
  most people today who say they 're feminists do n't declare what kind they are , because most do n't know what kind they are , if they even care . 
   the sheer amount of infighting and sub-movements is a testament to the complexity of the history of activism . 
  most self-declared feminists are not activists . 
   it does n't make it so that you have to automatically agree with feminism now case in point , you did n't even bother to say which ideology i 'm supposed to agree/disagree with . 
  there 's not enough information there for me to know what i 'm agreeing with . 
   as a sidenote : the patriarchy is understood to be an unorganized societal attitude , not an organized conspiracy . 
  considering many feminists do n't even believe in the patriarchy , and others who do would disagree with you , perhaps you can start to see the problem . 
  clearly your ideology is n't all feminists ideology , so why not embrace that `` rich history of infighting '' you went on about and actually specify your ideology . 
  the fact that you chose to just lump in all forms of feminism with yours kind of makes my point , does n't it ? 
  i 'm sure they exist in that some people have tried to invent them , but they 're definitely not widely used . 
  when someone says they 're a feminist , it does n't tell you if they 're a moderate who believes in what most do ; equal rights , or if they 're a radical who thinks the patriarchy illuminati is oppressing the safe spaces of victim pyramids via walmart ads . 
  the world would be a much bigger mess today if the west was n't selflessly helping deter terrorism . 
  it 's arrogant to assume we 're all secure through luck or magic . 
  do you also object to citizens being able to contact police because of your example of swatting ? 
  communication and trust between communities and authorities is better than an attitude of `` no rats '' , which i can tell you by crime rates in certain us cities does not work , at all . 
  is there any benefit to russia or turkey from a geopolitical standpoint to keep their ... disagreement ... going ? 
  it seems to me that russia would love to have influence in turkey due to its eyes being set on getting more involved in the region , and turkey would love to have europe and the us constantly romancing them away from russia . 
  what would either gain by being on unfriendly terms ? 
  sure turkey is nato , but i mean , it 's turkey ... 
  if it 's in the realm of community outreach , then not only is there nothing wrong with it , but it can actually be very effective . 
  on the other hand , if certain communities become more closed off and reluctant to work with law enforcement , that 's a problem and it wo n't be very effective . 
  to truly work you need community and religious leaders developing relationships and trust with local law enforcement , which needs to be both professional and accountable . 
  this is what happens when you do n't have world police . 
  is this comment too burger or is it ok to say now ? 
   such a move might be blocked by states wary of surrendering sovereign control of their territory . 
  greece for one will be skeptical , as no country is going to want to become a refugee dump for the countries who invited the crisis . 
  where the protection is actually applied makes the difference between actual protection of the entire eu , and border countries being flooded as quarantine zones with refugees who took germany 's invitation . 
  what 's function do these taxes serve when everyone is paying ? 
  are they hoping for some kind of cultural benefit , the beautification of areas through religious art , or some other reason ? 
  i do wish feminists today used more denomination and sect names to express their general beliefs instead of one monolithic name which really does n't say very much and just leads to polarizing opinions on one side and not-all-feminists meme on the other . 
  at this point calling yourself a feminist is like calling yourself a patriot or an animal lover or a conservative ; it does n't really say much about what you specifically believe policy-wise or which groups waving the feminist flag you support . 
  unfortunately ideological radicals rarely if ever want to lose the appearance of a moderate base , as that 's their only claim to populist status , so new terms differentiating feminists are less likely to come from feminists themselves . 
  does the organization receive any kind of state funding ? 
  is this why turkey blocked reddit then , because their president is self conscious about looking like gollum ? 
  it ca n't possibly help the situation to ask greece to be a dumping ground for refugees while expecting them to protect the areas of europe which invited the refugees and then follow it with threats and blame . 
  greece really does need to worry about its own situation , as any nation of people have to , and the eu should work to help secure greece alongside any efforts to help countries like germany which are much more responsible for letting the immigration crisis get out of hand . 
  it sounds like politicians who helped invite this crisis are just looking for an easy scapegoat so they can keep their cushy positions of power . 
  for greece , this issue did n't just suddenly appear , and they were ignored for a long time by the same politicians scapegoating them now . 
  if you want to secure europe , then why not help secure greece ? 
   it 's amazing how quick people are ready to give up their rights without thinking of the consequences . 
  politicians are calculated in when to introduce controversial legislation , and there 's no better time to do that than when the public is emotional about the issue . 
  isil is an external enemy to all nations . 
  they 're rogue terrorists trying to destabilize the world and they do n't deserve any recognition for their claims on territory . 
   and then when isil conquers syria , obviously eu is not going to send anyone back there . 
  i do n't ever see that happening so long as russia and the us have a stake in the region . 
  the harder isil pushes , the more politically inconvenient it becomes in the us to take any kind of an active stance against assad , and it will probably cause the us to give russia more breathing room if it 's not getting more involved itself . 
  the problem is that it 's not enough to just hold isil back from conquering syria . 
  an active war zone still means more refugees and no option to send them home . 
  so either isil needs to be defeated ( and the conflict between the various factions resolved ) , or a safe zone needs to be set up . 
  without either of those , there will just be more refugees driven from their homes . 
  what happened in paris really should have woken up the west that isil is a serious threat which has declared war on civilization as we know it .
