is this based on some data ? 
  interesting how georgia has an n/a , is it because it is too difficult to determine if they are referring to the state rather than the country ? 
  well the title specifically says mass shootings , which gang shootings are n't so . . 
  generally , no president ever lives up to our expectations, 
  as someone who has never been to europe this is pretty neato , i wish there was a sub for uneventful walk throughs around the world, 
  it 's because of soccerphobia, 
  they surely wo n't recover from this one !, 
  any bets on how long it takes for libya to be next syria or iraq ? 
  i fear this problem has only just began, 
  jesus , i knew we had a large navy but not * that * big and this is just the fleet during peace time, 
  i edited my original comment : everyone has their own definition of racism , and this is what i think is important . 
  trump has been labeled as a racist , i doubt anything will change regards to that . 
  the average voter is going to deem some of his views as racist regardless if they actually are or not . 
  i should have worded things differently . 
  i agree with you , i was originally just arguing about his intelligence . 
  and unfortunately narratives are much more important than facts in the u.s. presidential elections . 
  what everyone believes to be true is more important than what actually is true . 
  probably directed at erdogan mostly , i do n't see most of the world coming out to play if ww3 were to be started over syria, 
  i do n't even really think he is racist , but he is based on what a * lot * of people consider racist . 
  racist , yeah , but stupid ? 
  not even close , trump has ran the smartest and most strategic campaign possibly ever . 
  every move he makes is extremely calculated and he has exploited everyone else 's weaknesses in ways other candidates can not edit : i do n't personally think he is racist but everyone has their own definition of racism , and this is what i think is important . 
  trump has been labeled as a racist , i doubt anything will change regards to that . 
  the average voter is going to deem some of his views as racist regardless if they actually are or not . 
  i should have worded things differently . 
  interesting that americans are so religious , yet do n't believe success in life is determined by outside forces, 
  pretty insane to think that russia had close to 4x that amount in * one * * battle * in ww2, 
  what is the mood for central and eastern europeans right now ? 
  is there really as much tension as it seems ? 
  i wonder if our government is anticipating something , they obviously have a lot more intel than general populations, 
  good point , but ` push them into the sea , i do n't care whether they down ' this seems pretty specific here, 
  in a fair world yes , but realistically that is n't even a remote possibility , especially if a republican candidate is elected . 
  or have a system to determine who is actually a refugee and who is an economic migrant . 
  although there would still be problems , i truly believe * some * of them really do deserve refugee status . 
  it 's not ideal to have a bunch of syrian and iraqis enter your country but keeping it limited to those who actually need it makes the problem a lot more manageable . 
  because of lack of foresight or maybe just stupidity europe has sent an invitation to all who would like free handouts via europe 's guilt about the past . 
  strangely ironic , maybe merkel 's guilt goes back further than we thought, 
  this is what happens when a situation like this is handled so poorly . 
  if practical and realistic solutions are shot down people will eventually resort to killing . 
  this situation * needs * to get under control before people are pushed past their breaking point . 
  is there anything in history that even compares to the current situation ? 
  it seems like this is too ridiculous even for the whole ` history repeats itself ' thing, 
  i feel like i 'm watching history unfold before my eyes , although i have no idea where it 's all heading towards . 
  germany please be the good guys i like you . 
  lol , 
  here i thought the arab spring , historical sunni shiite relations , saudi exportation of salafism , saudi money , turkish money , assad or a number of other large factors was the blame for this . 
  nope , it was us all along !, 
  sorry about that, 
  got it . 
  it was n't a country that invaded , it was a coalition including the united states of america , united kingdom , australia and poland in iraq . 
  the afghanistan war was a coalition of the united states , united kingdom , germany , france , italy , canada , poland , netherlands , turkey , australia , spain , and romania . 
  do n't make the mistake of thinking just because the u.s. has the best military is willing to go to war that * only * our interests are at play . 
  yes the u.s. was leading the charge and go ahead and point fingers , but ultimately this problem was caused by the west as a whole . 
   the us is literally the cause of all of this . 
  the world is so simple to you is n't it , not like * anyone * else had any part of the whole thing right ? 
  yup , definitely all blame falls on the u.s. for this . 
  / s regardless of who is to blame for the clusterfuck of problems happening in the me and now europe , i did not direct u.s. forces into any country and i am certainly glad we do n't have millions of refugees at our doorstep, 
  thank you , atlantic ocean, 
  i hope you 're being sarcastic, 
  people are already extremely upset about the problems relating to the migration crises that the government invited , i do n't see this as doing anything but making these people even more angry at you than before, 
  red lettering was a great choice, 
  is tall a stereotype ? 
  they 're definitely up there , usually the people from the deep south are considered the friendliest , but texans are probably the closest to the typical stereotypes europeans associate with america . 
  ( extreme patriotism , guns , loud , food , etc. . ), 
  keep in mind that texans are basically `` the americans '' of america . 
  sending back boats is using force on other states sovereignty , how exactly ? 
  that makes zero sense, 
  interesting . 
  there are definitely times where a stranger starts talking to me when i really do n't feel like having a conversation . 
  it can get really awkward because you sometimes need to act pretty rude for them to get the message , but overall i enjoy the openness . 
  in the u.s. if someone from europe tried to start a convo with an american , i think most people would be very enthusiastic and helpful , but i think others would not be greeted particularity well . 
  not even bars or pubs ? 
  how does anyone ever get laid ? 
  where is an acceptable place to meet strangers ? 
  if i visited and acted like a typical american and tried to strike a convo , would i be met with hostility , be ignored , get a good response , etc. . ? 
  if you consider those 3 options only , sure seems like we picked the best option , but those are not the only options ... 
  it actually makes me proud when i see were welcome in other countries dispite our reputation a lot of the time, 
  wow i 'm surprised to hear some honesty from the german gov ' t when it comes to an issue like this, 
  i litterally grew up on the mississippi river and i 've never even heard of the vicksburg campaign , the taking of the mississippi river, 
  how recent are the polls ? 
  was the recent axe attack , shooting , and bombing taken into account ? 
  but who could possibly benefit from that !?!, 
  are there still a sizable amount of people with the ' * refugees welcome * ' camp ? 
  seems like over the last year i have been seeing less and less support of merkels plans . 
  so this is how it begins this time, 
  it 's all done in the name of freedom though , george w. told me its okay, 
  model democracy, 
  i totally agree but people are acting like trump is going to get rid of nato and bring another world war when it was most likely a highly irresponsible threat meant to scare the leaders of the vulnerable countries, 
  i am not agreeing with him on this but it is still important to point out , many people just read the title and think he would let them be attacked when in reality he has no intention of that . 
  although i think it is important that everyone lives up to the agreed upon terms , but obviously this is a subject that needs to be handled in a more reasonable way . 
  of course he will defend nato countries . 
  he said he would so long as they fulfill their obligations , this was done to begin putting pressure on the countries that are not sticking to the agreement . 
  he made his billions by being a good businessman obviously this was a negotiating tool, 
  it 's clear this was planned well in advance , erdogan was either behind the coup or is very opportunistic . 
  either way secular turkey is likely gone . 
  this is gon na make peace in the middle east a lot less likely any time soon . 
  man , i bet germany is * really * regretting fucking with them now, 
  does frankfurt also have a section of the city that 's essentially a war zone of crime ? 
  well surely the communists will all chip in, 
  does car insurance cover you if your car is burned in a riot/protest in france ?
