  they felt this made for a power imbalance and were itching to gain themselves more influence , money and power . 
  i think , although i have no sources for this , that most people did n't think assassination was the right way . 
  there were many people with differing degrees of animosity towards austro-hungary , from symphatizers to vicious opponents , but i do n't believe most people supported insurgent/terrorist cells like the black hand , or young bosnia . 
  of course , the average opinion wildly differed from serbia to croatia and slovenia . 
  true , which is why he should have waited for the instructor to come and give life saving information , before diving in alone with a piece of equipment he knows nothing about . 
  it 's a very accurate summary . 
  at no point did op say he lusted for anyone . 
  same can be said for people who smoke , speed , drink , use any kind of drugs or participate in dangerous sports . 
  i always cut my nails with scissors . 
  clippers just kinda . . bend them . 
  i do mean [ nail scissors ] ( http://www.blinkingstyle.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/nail-scissors-5udtfcqh.jpg ) , though . 
  i do n't know about lettuce , but we use purple cabbage , maybe they meant that ? 
  i am from croatia , and it 's very common here , when your company is struggling people still work for months on end , with no compensation . 
  unemployment is so high that they know they could just quit and stay at home , but that guarantees no money in the future . 
  this way , they hope , either the company will make it , and they 'll get their salaries , or it will collapse , and they 'll ask the government for help , sue the owners etc. 
  in the meantime , they live with the help of their spouses , parents , siblings , aunts and uncles . 
  we are a bit more collectivist in mentality than the west , so there are some unofficial safety nets in our social lives . 
  edit : why did i put so many commas in here ? 
   we kinda sorta ... 
  we jumped into it with enthusiams , more like . 
  well , some folks did , anyway . 
  [ people are n't cargo , mate . 
  so , a soviet designed , ukrainian built , tajikistan owned , south sudanian operated plane , flown by armenians crashed . 
  headline ? 
  `` another russian plane crash '', 
  just because you 're uncircumcised does n't make you better than the rest of us . 
  i loved all of these , and just now realized i have a type . 
  [ relevant oglaf ] ( http://oglaf.com/overbite/ ), 
  that 's a morrowind early fighters guild quest . 
  in oblivion the first fg quest was to solve an old widows problem with rats ... by saving them . 
  i always thought that was a cool nod to the previous game , and a red herring joke in general , because in every fantasy setting it 's always the first thing , the damn rats . 
  as a kind with no internet , no mods or cheats , and with only a rudimentary knowledge of english that game was so frustrating . 
  and i loved it . 
  they did leave germany . 
  unfortunately , nazis occupied most of europe at some point , so they were caught in netherlands , with no way out . 
  i 've been playing new vegas for the last 3 weeks , it 's great !, 
  also annoying ? 
  when they laugh he starts shaking his head and holds up his hand , saying `` no , no , no . 
  but it 's true . 
  it 's exactly like that . '', 
  i saw stars once , from being slapped very hard . 
  up until then i always thought it was just an expression . 
  so did mongols and nazis . 
  the thing is , peoples conquered by mongols and romans do n't exist as such anymore , while jews and native americans still do . 
  haha , i did n't even question it , it just seemed natural . 
  only when you pointed it out did i realise the reference . 
  there is a slight difference in price , and also the fact that i could also use an ipad , but ca n't afford one . 
  i do this all the time , is it muscle memory from fo3 ? 
  i kill deathclaws for breakfast , but those freakin ' ghouls scare the crap out of me . 
  always hated zombies . 
  i am frustated because it seems they made a game for consloles , and then added it for pc as an afterthought . 
  i have zero problems with consoles , but please , just do n't fuck up my pc games , devs , i 'm begging you !, 
  i whish you could automate it at some point after you make enough shit . 
  can i just quit being your general ? 
  i mean , built everything you could need in there !, 
  you have like 400 of defense , a water purifier , a store , first aid clinic , whatever !, 
  jus do shit for yourselves , you worthless bastards !, 
  yeah , but that makes you leave scum alive . 
  i often get `` no !, 
  please do n't be dead ! '', 
  it 's pretty realistic , i have to admit . 
  not to mention a hole full of dead naked women . 
  there was plenty of grey area in ncr . 
  they were terribly xenophobic towards non hostile super mutants , for example , and they took over teritorry wether the locals wanted them to or not . 
  still , they were angels compared to the legion . 
  i came up to it and tried to initiate a conversation . 
  i thought it was virgil 's pet , or an intelligent deathclaw , like the ones in fo2 . 
  it was n't . 
  i loved morrowind , but oblivion had it right here . 
  there were many different quests , all of them interesting . 
  the one in fighters guild where you kill civilians for blackwater ? 
  or dark brotherhood where you are a mistery killer , mingling with other guests ? 
  you could kill people in unique ways , say untying the minotaur head above the old guy . 
  and you still had to fulfill the requierments . 
  in skyrim i disliked it very much that every faction had these randomly generated quests , go there , kill that . 
  you could litteraly do a million of those , every one the same . 
  that 's not interesting to me in the least , it 's just drudgery . 
  no , i think the radiant quests are partly randomly generated . 
  greenskins - sanctuary, 
  raiders - zimonje, 
  kidnapped - jamaica, 
  ghouls - finch farm, 
  in morrowind every quest was unique . 
  i agree with you , and it 's very sad . 
  i would love it if they made a small , cheap game similar to morrowind . 
  pc exclusive . 
  yeah , not to mention the fo3 enclave had goals very similar to what bos has in the commonwealth . 
  everyone is shitting on lyons in the brotherhood , but if maxvel was their leader in fo3 , they could have cooperated with the enclave . 
  i do n't shoot for the legs , because i find most ghouls , except the charred ones , easy to kill with a center shot with an automatic weapon . 
  the problem that i have with them is that there are always so many , and by the time i managed to aim and kill the first few , there 's already one in my face , and even worse , one behind me , the third is sprinting while ducking , lunges at me , and passes behind . 
  now i have to choose who i kill first . 
  i miss the perk from new vegas that makes you take no damage from your own explosives , since the way i deal with ghouls now is a missile launcher in the midst of the horde , plus a couple of grenades/cocktails . 
  glowing ghouls , charred ghouls , god , i hate those , bloated glowing ghouls , tough , but usually no more than one at the time . 
  they sounded a bit like pratchett 's unseen academy wizards . 
  i liked it . 
  i was expectiong the overseer to say : `` will you stop with the bloody dragon , dean ?!, 
  good man , that . '', 
  new vegas had unique dialogue . 
  i think fo3 did n't . 
  nouns had gender until recently in english , too .
