  after the soviets shot down gary powers ' u-2 in 1960 , johnson began to develop an aircraft that would fly three miles higher and five times faster than the spy plane-and still be capable of photographing your license plate . 
  however , flying at 2,000 mph would create intense heat on the aircraft 's skin . 
  lockheed engineers used a titanium alloy to construct more than 90 percent of the sr-71 , creating special tools and manufacturing procedures to hand-build each of the 40 planes . 
  special heat-resistant fuel , oil , and hydraulic fluids that would function at 85,000 feet and higher also had to be developed . 
  in 1962 , the first blackbird successfully flew , and in 1966 , the same year i graduated from high school , the air force began flying operational sr-71 missions . 
  i came to the program in 1983 with a sterling record and a recommendation from my commander , completing the weeklong interview and meeting walter , my partner for the next four years he would ride four feet behind me , working all the cameras , radios , and electronic jamming equipment . 
  i joked that if we were ever captured , he was the spy and i was just the driver . 
  he told me to keep the pointy end forward . 
  we trained for a year , flying out of beale afb in california , kadena airbase in okinawa , and raf mildenhall in england . 
  on a typical training mission , we would take off near sacramento , refuel over nevada , accelerate into montana , obtain high mach over colorado , turn right over new mexico , speed across the los angeles basin , run up the west coast , turn right at seattle , then return to beale . 
  total flight time : two hours and 40 minutes . 
  and then reload when you find which ones have synth components ? 
  reminds me of an astronaut trying to get up , on the moon . 
  artemis fowl series . 
  it 's shitty writing , and the author is trying to write a character much smarter than himself , which is always hard to do ... 
  i still read all of them . 
  i agree , it gets annoying quickly . 
  nice story . 
  minor nitpick , columbus lived in 15th century , that 's about 400 years after the age of vikings , not three generations , and they would not be able to identify a ship from so long ago . 
  also , i hope you are not offended , but i must say your dialogue reminds me of literotica for some reason . 
  i think it 's because of inordinate amount of confusion , maybe ? 
  to many question marks and ellipses . 
  i would like to add that when you start reading the fellowship skip the introductions , where the author talks about what hobbits are . 
  it was written in the 30 's and was meant to explain this new world and make a setting , it 's pure worldbuilding , and while i enjoyed it because i like context , a lot of people gave up on the books entirely since they could n't get through that dry part at the begginning . 
  you know what hobbits are , you can skip right to the birthday party . 
  i remember reading an article about this in the late 90 's . 
  i think formulas with six wheels , one with a propeler in the back and one with a computer operated suspension were mentioned . 
  as i said , i personally enjoyed it a lot . 
  but i know several people who could n't get through it . 
  so i advised op to skip it if it gets too dry , since it is not a vitally important part of the story . 
  hahahahaha , no worries . 
  my favourite plot hole is from book four . 
  why the hell did not bart jr. just toss a portkey coin at harry ? 
  instead of helping him win the tournament , so he can touch a portkey ? 
  makes no sense . 
  i got a feeling when i finished that story that jk wrote moody as an actual character , but then , at the end of the book she realized she did n't have a twist ready . 
  therefore the tri wizard-tournament-over-elaborate-plot to kidnap a kid who trusts you already and has no security around him whatsoever . 
  i googled it and you 're right , those are the ones . 
  i think it might be compressed air . 
  they are exactly that , but why do people read that stuff anyway ? 
  twilight and 50 shades of gray were bestellers . 
  they sold * millions * of copies . 
  i guess sometimes we just need to relax and enjoy something we know is bad for us . 
  do you not like any book , show , videogame , movie or anything else , while knowing it 's not that good , objectively speaking ? 
  i could n't tell you why , but i was obssesed with swords since before i could read . 
  it 's probably why i love fantasy so much . 
  and , yeah i own a sword , even though it 's not considered cool among most people . 
  yes !, 
  exactly !, 
  he was competent , he taught harry and the rest more than any da teacher before or since , including how to resist imperius , which saved harry 's life when confronted by voldemort , made some comments that sounded completely genuine . 
  it really felt like a tacked-on ending . 
  i guess i enjoy competent , intelligent characters , even when they 're done badly it seems . 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( https://xkcd.com/1257/ ), 
  even in tornado country ? 
  mostly morrowind . 
  but also :, 
  spyro the dragon, 
  gran turismo, 
  crash bandicoot, 
  unreal tournament, 
  untill now i have n't seen nutella mentioned in quite some time . 
  although i am not subscribed to many food subreddits , so maybe it 's more common than i see . 
  ljubljana and zagreb as well . 
   they are mix from all the neighbouring nations and tribes, 
  so is every european nation . 
  out of curiosity , is it a coincidence these are all women , or do you seek out fantasy written by women ? 
  no offense intended . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  reminds me of this :, 
  i thought horcruxes worked by possessing people , like the diary ? 
  so it would be pretty useless to have a rock horcrux . 
  it 's actually slang , the real name is frequency illusion . 
  i do n't know if i remember this correctely , but a lot of important people go missing at the beginning of the loop . 
  he got that information by working on his aranea mind skills and interpretation for years . 
  oh , sorry , i thought you were sarcastic . 
  [ this ? 
  ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_0fmgg9y9dpmdvy9gnfq83farffgkleoaz25kzddwfe/edit#gid=1242233212 ), 
  i think his point is that `` sex with children is harmful '' comes from studies done on molested children . 
  he , however believes that children * can * consent , so not every molested child is a raped child . 
  which is even worse in my opinion , becuse later on he says he `` met '' 8 year olds who have a deep understanding of sex and definitely could consent . 
  the [ history ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flak_tower ) behind it . 
  the first rally race was won by an electric car , even though ice already existed . 
  edit : ca n't find where i read that , possibly [ this ? 
  ] ( http://www.history.com/this-day-in-history/electric-car-wins-the-first-auto-race-in-the-united-states ), 
  model t was capable of running on gasoline , kerosene , or ethanol . 
  thanks , i will . 
  my brother swears that his research tree says pz . 
  iv g is 3.7, 
  mine says 4.3 , wiki says 3.7 , yours says 4.3, 
  what is the truth ? 
  we were in a squad . 
  i do n't think we could have played a game if he was on rb . 
  thanks , that must be it . 
  landing vehicle , amphibious ? 
  edit : tracked https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/landing_vehicle_tracked, 
   hockey fans in the south, 
  oh , like minnesota ? 
  i 'll just click `` allow your troops to attack without you '' how bad can they be ? 
  holy shit , my 200 swadian knight army got mauled by 11 looters . 
  it 's all beacuse we destroyed their natural habitat , where they thrived without us for hundreds of thousands of years .
