they 're not wrong , they 're just assholes . 
  `` how i was poor , and now am not and why you 're a giant loser '', 
  what i hate about war movies is that they always have 30 year old men play ( low ranking ) soldiers . 
  in modern wars most soldiers were 18-22 , and before 20th century even younger . 
  now , go look at pictures of high school seniors an see how young they look . 
  that 's the people dying in wars . 
  and yet movies make us think it 's this grown up , capable grizzled , men . 
  not that death is somehow worse when it 's a young person , but i think it 's no fair to the soldiers themselves . 
  * note : when i say soldier i mean any military person of low rank , not us army personnel . 
  most of you ... if you are american . 
  in my country $ 10 000 a year is the average salary , but most people earn a lot less ( since rich people earn a lot more . ), 
   the italians never produced a decent car, 
  i know this is a joke , but seriously ? 
  even bugatti was founded by an italian . 
  oh , i 've never watched it , so i did n't know . 
  still , there are so many stereotypes that already exist , why invent a different one , particularly one that makes zero sense ? 
  edit : just noticed the `` mass-produced '', 
  well , i just wanted avoid the common mix-up when talking about us military , because some americans hate being called soldiers , they 're marines , rangers , sailors , pilots etc. 
  well , that makes more sense , i missed that . 
   we are night guards ; hides somewhere after 3 hours and sleeps the rest of his shifts, 
  i thought that 's what all of you did . 
  i was just kidding , as that 's a bit of a stereotype here , 
  hey , i 'm having metformin . 
  did n't know it was dangerous for kidneys . 
  what do you mean by protecting them ? 
  a white ... town guard ? 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  while quirrel was controlling her , her spells also made him feel `` doom '' :, 
  `` as professor sprout raised her wand , and the potions master managed to raise a wordless translucent ward between them . 
  but the bolt that shot from professor sprout 's wand was a dark brown that produced a surge of awful apprehension in harry 's mind '', 
  `` the next bolt that came from sprout 's wand was a bright red the color of a stunning hex , seeming to grow brighter and move faster even as it left her wand , accompanied by another surge of anxiety ; '', 
  and also , he said he is bringing the kids along , memory charmed to believe that they are stopping albus from destroying the stone . 
   any other interesting interactions that could have been caused by a long term time traveling harry ? 
  we do n't know that he has her body with him . 
  it disappeared . 
  he might believe it is him from the future . 
   he fact that hermione 's transfigured form is on him is inferred from knowledge gleamed from harry 's perspective, 
  where ? 
  my theory is that he will find a way to travel back in time , and go pick her body up when he finds a sure way to resurrect her . 
  anyway , i 've been reading hpmor for 3 years now , but i never went to any discussion forums , so i was n't aware of any fan theories . 
  i see now that everybody on this sub already anticipated this . 
  pioneer plaque : `` i cast a lovely little spell on that lovely golden plaque which will make it last a lot longer than it otherwise would . '', 
  did n't even occur to me that it was a horcrux . 
  rita : he squashed her in the restaurant . 
  not sure if it was intentional , although i thought so . 
  day of defeat : like in the cannon . 
  survived as a weak ghost, 
  troll : again , like the cannon , a teacher brought it in, 
  wards : this is embarrassing , but i must have missed that , or forgotten about it . 
  edit : i remembered . 
  i thought that someone framed him , because i could n't believe that he would be so clumsy . 
  i agree . 
  anyone who could do what he did to bellatrix ... 
  i think he is relatively sane . 
  maybe a little bit weirder than in canon , but not dysfunctional . 
  sirius : as far as i know , yes . 
  bacon : i honestly did n't think twice about the diary . 
  just thought it was a cool gift . 
  quirrell : maybe he genuinely tried to teach them in a realistic situation . 
  did n't really think about it any deeper at the time . 
  bellatrix : before i knew he was voldie , i thought he maybe wanted to set her up in a role that would support harry as a saviour ( whether as a servant , or opponent he should destroy ) . 
  apart from that i thought he honestly felt bad about her situation , maybe they had history and he cared about her . 
  after ch . 
  104 i just think he is rebuilding his ranks . 
  rita : fred and george ? 
  i have no idea how . 
  hat & cloak : my brother actually thought it was hermione from the future , after harry revives her ( which would require him to find a way around 6 hour rule , and steal her body . ), 
  i thought it was someone not yet introduced, 
  narcissa : no idea . 
  i lean to no , but am very unsure of this . 
  did he kill the kung fu school and why ? 
  why did remeberall glow ? 
  yes , i am very much interested !, 
  also , a few questions , if you do n't mind ? 
  did voldemort kill the kung fu school and why ? 
  why did remeberall glow ? 
  who sent harry the cloak and occlumency book ? 
   dumbledore admitted he was santa at one point , and the cloak was in his possession in canon . 
  i do n't remember more than that though . 
  if this is true , why did the first two notes say not to trust dumbledore , and specifically warned against showing him the cloak ? 
  a test for harry ? 
  and , why did the remeberall glow ? 
  thanks for the answers , they 're very interesting . 
  edit : what was the deal with the chicken , stone and the textbook ? 
  also , did dumbledore send bullies after zabinie 's cousin ? 
  if by hive-mind you mean international organization for standardization ( which includes most countries in the world ) in 1988 they decided on yyyy.mm.dd . 
  format , because it 's easier for computers to put them in order . 
   the british notation, 
  why call it british ? 
  it 's a wide spread [ notation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/date_format_by_country ), 
  no problems , 
  well , * i * do , but i grew up with a system like that . 
  i believe that for americans it 's as unintuitive and confusing as their system is for me . 
  i write the date a dozen times a day , and i use the dd.mm.yyyy . 
  because that it is used in my country and anyway , i 'm used to it and you 're right that it looks to me the most elegant solution . 
  but , if we 're to have a single format then it makes sense to use the one that is most practical for computers . 
  either that , or trelawney is more prolific than we thought , and that is the reason he holds on to her even though she is a shitty teacher . 
  as i understand it harry was in front of the mirror , cloaked so that dumbledore could n't see him and uncloaked so that he could , so he would sacrifice himself . 
  voldie took the cloak because `` nothing that is reflected in your realm can cross into this one '' which means voldie is invisible and back into the real world , dumbledore is trapped inside the time spell , harry is also back in the real world . 
  he reversed the spell , so he is trapped in time , and harry is out .
