    gomenasai , my name is ken-sama . 
  i 'm a 27 year old american otaku ( anime fan for you gaijins ) . 
  i draw anime and manga on my tablet , and spend my days perfecting my art and playing superior japanese games . 
  ( disgaea , final fantasy , persona series ), 
  i train with my katana every day , this superior weapon can cut clean through steel because it is folded over a thousand times , and is vastly superior to any other weapon on earth . 
  i earned my sword license two years ago , and i have been getting better every day . 
  i speak japanese fluently , both kanji and the osaka dialect , and i write fluently as well . 
  i know everything about japanese history and their bushido code , which i follow 100 %, 
  when i get my japanese visa , i am moving to tokyo to attend a prestigious high school to learn more about their magnificent culture . 
  i hope i can become an animator for studio ghibli or a game designer !, 
  i own several kimonos , which i wear around town . 
  i want to get used to wearing them before i move to japan , so i can fit in easier . 
  i bow to my elders and seniors and speak japanese as often as i can , but rarely does anyone manage to respond . 
  wish me luck in japan !, 
   i just do n't understand what you people are getting at . 
  what people are getting at is that isis is like nazis , altright are dicks on the internet who have n't killed anyone , and so are not as bad as literal muderers and rapists . 
  i agree . 
  a child is like your adult friend who is temporarily drunk . 
  you would n't hit your adult friends , right ? 
  you stop them from hurting themselves or others , with the minimum force neccesary . 
  they will be sober tomorow and they will remember your words and actions . 
  i agree , nv is my favourite . 
  fo4 was ok , but i did n't like some stuff like dialogues and radiant quests . 
  nv has great storytelling and characters . 
  i enjoyed so many hours on all three of these games . 
  i never had a problem , but i use the latest patch and the unofficial patch , and some other stuff that i am not sure affects this ( like the script extender ) . 
  rije\u010d pepper na engleskom \u010desto zna\u010di paprika , kao [ bell-pepper ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bell_pepper ) je recimo obi\u010dna paprika , [ cayenne pepper ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cayenne_pepper ) je ljuta papri\u010dica . 
   parody fafhrd and the grey mouser, 
  i was n't aware they were a parody ? 
  wiki says, 
   they are the protagonists of what are probably leiber 's best-known stories . 
  one of his motives in writing them was to have a couple of fantasy heroes closer to true human nature than the likes of howard 's conan the barbarian or burroughs 's tarzan . 
   bravd the hublander, 
  and weasel !, 
  the first two characters shown in the first discworld book . 
  bravd and weasel are pretty obviously fafhrd and grey mouser . 
  cohen is conan when he grows old . 
  representation would mean that colonies had a say in governing the empire , including the british isles . 
  with their size ( and growing ) britain would lose all control to it 's colonies , in fact the opposite would be the case . 
  what colonists wanted was not to be taxed by be , they never expected to have a parliamentary representation . 
  it 's just a little smaller than europe . 
  the thing is that europe has more than double the population . 
  uk alone has 64 million people , how many us states does that make ? 
  i think he said so himself . 
   in many european countries you 'll past into another country or even multiple ones . 
  that 's true , because the long history combined with population density created a lot of smaller countries . 
  things in us are far apart , and it 's true people from europe are not used to that . 
  also , i think eastern states are more similar in size to european countries than the ones in the west . 
  the pope did n't do that , it was done for the ellen show , like the video with obama kicking down the door . 
  i thought you could do this , with res ? 
  i like social inequality warriors . 
   yugoslav partisans literally had a navy, 
  a slightly funny and informative article abot the [ navy ] ( http://wio.ru/fleet/yugoslav/partizan.htm ), 
  uh , i think i brain farted , it was supposed to be social injustice warriors . 
  i highly recommend this book to everyone , but especially military history and/or technology buffs . 
  suddenly windows 8 and vista make more sense !, 
  what about churches that marry homosexuals ? 
  are they not religious ? 
  when i was 10 and had a 7 year old brother and sister we had three kittens . 
  they were about 6 months old or so . 
  they were often playing in our backyard , but one day they disappeared . 
  we thought they got lost , so we went looking for them . 
  not even a 100 meters from our house we found their corpses on a meadow . 
  one of them was strangled , it had a string around it 's neck , tied to a stick , we suppose it was twirled through the air until it died . 
  the second had it 's skull crushed . 
  the third had a bamboo stick stuck through it 's anus up to it 's mouth . 
  what ? 
   change the way the majority of your country acts, 
  no , u, 
  oh , thanks . 
  op says yes . 
  [ kinda ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kt3qzyupi2y ) shitty , but still . 
  i am not cis . 
  i am a trans-comedian born in a body of a mexican soap opera . 
  edit : the comment above me had `` genre '' instead of `` gender '' . 
  now they changed it and my comment no longer makes sense . 
  the comment above me had `` genre '' instead of `` gender '' . 
  now they changed it and my comment no longer makes sense . 
   pure comunism, 
  technically speaking pure communism would have no state at all . 
  this was never achieved in reality . 
   terrible president, 
  precedent ? 
  you just made an enemy for life !, 
   warthunder seemed like a complete rip-off from wot , anyway , same hud , same concepts , same everything except for planes basically . 
  * triggered *, 
  so , when asking about a large enough bomb the answer is `` yes , if by large you mean 64 times the mass of jupiter . '', 
  honestly , bernie was great but he did n't stand a chance against hillary . 
  democrats voted for who they know , not some anti-establishment guy who has n't been a democrat until he became a candidate , and has spent the last 20 years as independent ( i.e. 
  too good for them . ), 
  i loved bernie , but he never stood a chance . 
  i feel i am eating crazy pills , seeing everyone on reddit saying `` bernie would have won '', 
  were you guys not paying attention , or are you so deep in your opinion bubbles that you ca n't see reality ? 
  reddit is young , white , college educated males , with women following close . 
  yes , bernie would have won if the average voter was a redditor . 
  well , bernie certainly * was * shafted , and who knows what might have happened . 
  i did n't think trump would win either . 
  forever regret . 
  yes , you are right . 
  there are fingerprint locks , not sure how reliable they are though .
