  one time when you stop breathing and a second time , a bit later on , when somebody downvotes a post of yours for the last time . '', 
  well , i agree with you in general , but there are limits to everything , you know ? 
  i do n't mind reposts as a rule , but this particular one over-saturated this subreddit . 
  [ example ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/search?q=parents+picked&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all ), 
  my post was just an example how this could be varied a million times with no original input . 
  anyway , sorry for bothering you with my bullshit , but the same way you wanted to rant on my comment , because it bothered you , so did i on op 's . 
  also , here '' , , , , , , , , '' have some commas . 
  and the most bad-ass queer character ever . 
  why say it 's very covered up ? 
  unlike german camps it 's not `` popular '' for western media , so you do n't see it in movies etc , but that bias exists concerning literally every historical period . 
  it 's not that someone covered it up , the west just does n't care . 
  there 's lots of croatian , serbian , yugoslavian movies on youtube , since people do n't really care so much about copyright here . 
  some links :, 
  parada ( comedy ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8iqw41inme, 
  gori vatra ( bosnian comedy/drama ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oy_v8armnye, 
  ko to tamo peva ( a classic , with english subtitles ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwozslas8dm, 
  sve\u0107enikova djeca https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zygj6wsm6gc, 
  or throw it at them in a spin ? 
  i agree with you in general , but there is much evidence that the japanese were very close to surrendering anyway , since the soviets already invaded them . 
  i absolutely agree with that . 
  ha , t-34s are hard enough . 
  oh , i thought you were saying they would be hard to beat . 
  the moment at which two people approaching from opposite, 
  ends of a long passageway , recognise each other and, 
  immediately pretend they have n't . 
  this is to avoid the ghastly, 
  embarrassment of having to continue recognising each other, 
  the whole length of the corridor . 
  corriecravie ( n. ), 
  to avert the horrors of corrievorrie ( q.v. ), 
  corriecravie is, 
  usually employed . 
  this is the cowardly but highly skilled, 
  process by which both protagonists continue to approach, 
  while keeping up the pretence that they have n't noticed each, 
  other - by staring furiously at their feet , grimacing into a, 
  notebook , or studying the walls closely as if in a mood of deep, 
  irritation . 
  corriedoo ( n. ), 
  the crucial moment of false recognition in a long passageway, 
  encounter . 
  though both people are perfectly well aware that, 
  the other is approaching , they must eventually pretend, 
  sudden recognition . 
  they now look up with a glassy smile , as, 
  if having spotted each other for the first time , ( and are, 
  particularly delighted to have done so ) shouting out, 
  as if to say ` good grief !!, 
  you !!, 
  here !!, 
  all people !, 
  will i never . 
  stab me vitals , etc. ', 
  corriemoillie ( n. ), 
  the dreadful sinking sensation in a long passageway, 
  encounter when both protagonists immediately realise they, 
  have plumped for the corriedoo ( q.v. ), 
  much too early as they, 
  are still a good thirty yards apart . 
  they were embarrassed by, 
  the pretence of corriecravie ( q.v. ), 
  and decided to make use of, 
  the corriedoo because they felt silly . 
  this was a mistake as, 
  corrievorrie ( q.v. ), 
  will make them seem far sillier . 
  corrievorrie ( n. ), 
  corridor etiquette demands that one a corriedoo ( q.v. ), 
  has, 
  been declared , corrievorrie must be employed . 
  both, 
  protagonists must now embellish their approach with an, 
  embarrassing combination of waving , grinning , making idiot, 
  faces , doing pirate impressions , and waggling the head from, 
  side to side while holding the other person 's eyes as the smile, 
  drips off their face , until with great relief , they pass each, 
  other . 
  corriemuchloch ( n. ), 
  word describing the kind of person who can make a, 
  complete mess of a simple job like walking down a corridor . 
  by : douglas adams, 
  that being said , from some older people i got some comments asking me if i was muslim ( since i had no mustache at the time ) . 
  exactly , this is what i 've trying to say some people who hear `` soy '' and automatically say `` ew '' . 
  it 's not a copy of meat , it does n't taste like meat , it 's not supposed to taste like meat !, 
  yeah , me too . 
  ancestor of modern scandinavians came there 5000 years ago , not 400 . 
  europe has been populated by humans ever since humans existed , and migrations , assimilation and displacement happened regularly since then to this very day . 
  for example in yugoslav wars a lot of demographics changed . 
  the modern inhabitants of this continent are as native as any other people are native anywhere . 
  [ -- ] rdlumps, 
  i used to take hot girls out to dinner as much as i could in hope of them getting fat and want to date me because of the drop in self esteem . 
  it never worked . 
  but ... you had already dated them ... 
  it 's not enough to hook the fish , you need to violently reel the fish in quickly so it is damaged and must stay with you or die back in the ocean . 
  i recognized it from the book 2033 . 
  yeah , but what to play ? 
  wot ? 
  bit of advice . 
  never admit to reddit that you are young , old or fat . 
  in my country cars and tractors were not a thing until 1970 or so .
