  wiki says 12 000 pounds , so less than 6 tons . 
  i am from dalmatia and many people do n't have ac , including me and my parents and other people in family . 
  you may just live in a bubble of people who happen to all have ac . 
  also even folks who do have it often do n't use it more than a couple of hours a day , when it 's hottest outside , because we have more expensive electricity than usa , and much , much lower wages . 
  very few in croatia , most are restricted to teaching security officers and policemen , handguns only . 
  i checked . 
  i am croatian , and if i understand your question correctely , yes . 
  in croatian i could spell any word perfectely the first time i hear it because there is no difference between writing and speaking . 
  every letter has only one sound and every sound has only a single letter , no matter the context . 
  the drivers were probably all croatians . 
  i know a girl who has emotional/psychological hang ups about it , and i understand that , because i have some of my own . 
  and another friend has a sensitive clit , so unless she is very very aroused it is just unpleasant . 
  she mostly enjoys rubbing it herself , even during sex . 
  it 's sad , but far from uncommon . 
   erdogan wanted a huge crowd at the airport so he can land , have a huge human shield , make a triumphant speech and then declare some martial law himself . 
  ftfy, 
  i did n't know what you were talking about , so for people like me :, 
  `` django unchained is the most racist movie i have ever seen , it sucked ! '', 
   but there was noting i could do on my level at that time . 
  what level were you ? 
  did you level up in the meantime ? 
  not wanting to date someone of a different religion is not being bigoted . 
  what if she smokes , has average hygiene , smokes meth and hates cats . 
  she has small but perky tits . 
  good luck , 
  i am sorry , but you can just put a random person in that tank and it 'd be the same thing . 
  i 've heard the same joke on that sub , only it was boner , not pleasure . 
  / r/trashyboners for the lazy . 
  i liked it better when it was `` a planet populated exclusively by alien robots '', 
  some more similar thoughts :, 
  nah , it just means it 's common . 
  for all we know you 're a creative genius . 
  when i was a kid i thought i came up with the word `` punny '' . 
  i mean , i did , but i was far from first to do so . 
  i believe you , but i ca n't think of any . 
  a modern soldier with a shoulder fired anti tank weapon ? 
  not sure if that would work against a futuristic tank like that . 
  but if i buff the soldier then he can also take out mk scorpion ? 
  not sure about his lore feats , i only know him from the game . 
  true , that would do it . 
  he thought abrams will be roughly equivalent to t-80 . 
  seriously , why not choose an animal that is larger than a dog , but not a predator . 
  like a sheep , for example . 
  as opposed to large dogs ? 
  also , using it as an insult is shaming people for their sexuality , which is not a great thing to do . 
   dan brown, 
  i found [ this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/10049454/dont-make-fun-of-renowned-dan-brown.html ) article hilarious , after reading dan brown . 
  enjoy . 
  hahahahahahaha !, 
  it took me a second , but good one . 
  do you have a stand up routine ? 
   the dresden files, 
  i agree , and i would like to add that dresden himself holds some archaic beliefs , like his `` chivalry '' . 
  hah , yeah , if you wanted you could read some very anti-communist themes into these books . 
  that 's a sinker . 
  but i 'm not sure why op thought she was a person moving in a liquid by using her limbs . 
   patriarch of a catholic nuclear family with lots of kids, 
  oh yeah , forgot about that . 
  in fact , all catholics are good people , everyone in the family , the priest , the sword guys ... 
  and yeah , christianity is heavily impled to be very powerful . 
  the whole thing is a gem . 
  i did n't read it as anti communist , but as the comment above mine mentioned it i realised parallels could be made , and as you said , with the borg and other sci fi comie metaphors . 
  yeah , it 's been a while since i read the series . 
  at the start of every book kahlan and rich are together . 
  then they are forcibly parted and one or both are kidnapped or imprisoned . 
  there is some light torture and bdsm . 
  in the end they are together again , but for how long ? 
  find out in the next episode of dragon ball z. . . 
  he physically blocked a disabled person from leaving , stared at people too long , initiated a conversation that was not welcome and grabbed a woman when she tried to leave . 
  what do you mean ? 
  it is very rude to stare , it makes most people very uncomfortable , and indicates that you are either looking for a challenge or that you are mentally unstable . 
  i do n't understand . 
  well yeah , but coupled with other behaviour i mentioned you have an unpleasant experience . 
  you just picked the least offensive thing of three that i listed , as if it happened in a vacuum . 
  he was being sketchy and crossed a line into harassment . 
  people looked over the first part ( it 's public transportation , after all ) , but reacted to his bothering and touching a stranger , that does n't mean they condoned his previous behaviour . 
  the reason somone reacted and the reason op congratulated them is similar . 
  women are often harassed and often do n't say anything from fear of it getting worse . 
  someone else stepping in is welcome , and i do n't think it matters how good looking the victim was . 
  can i just drink it in pills ? 
  i ca n't be bothered to have a healthy diet . 
   there was a conference on , so about 10 doctors walked one at a time down the carriage and 9 walked back shortly after . 
  sounds like a start of a good joke . 
  ghouls were very scary to me in fo3 and fo : nv , since i was always disgusted by zombies and similar stuff . 
  but what makes them extra scary in fo4 is that they can spawn near you even immediatley after you clear an area , especially when defending a settlement . 
  oh , i got it the other way around . 
  i do n't know if i agree . 
  his behaviour was cumulative , maybe if the order of his actions was reversed the teenage hero would have stood up to defend the disabled lady ? 
  and also , there 's a difference between staring and touching . 
  but you are right that attractive people get more sympathy and attention . 
  in ex-yu countries as well . 
  i thought so too , but, 
  it appears i was wrong . 
  what i imagined is more like [ fieldstone ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fieldstone ) . 
   you should get killed for your little `` zomg i no dis unpopewlar buuut ... '' preamble , not your opinion . 
  this is obnoxious because it is often followed by something reddit loves , like `` i 'll get downvoted by this , but i love jennifer lawrence '', 
  but honestly , saying something bad about carlin ? 
  that takes guts here . 
  i loved that as a kid . 
  jasenovac was a horrible crime , but the numbers are pretty controversial even today .
