  or at least anti anti-religion, 
  then i misread your comment . 
  mrmcdude said srd is anti-anti-religious , and you replied with :, 
   i 'd say more `` anti-anti-religious , '', 
  it seems to me you both said the same thing . 
  ah , got it . 
  to be honest neither do i. 
   tito and castro, 
  besida your point , but i 'm curious why these two ? 
  they killed and imprisoned people for their political views . 
  except for the lower numbers of their victims i do n't really see the difference ? 
   pozt . 
  i was surprised to find out that north america has 23 . 
  i 've read so much harry potter fanfiction i can no longer remember if some things were in the originals . 
  i also have n't played much in the last year , but i thought air ab earns you the most silver ? 
  i have n't played much planes . 
  which nation do you suggest for an air noob ? 
  i 've tried playing some , but i was pretty bad . 
  i just do n't have enough time in the day to get good through practice , and it would take me forever to get to a high tier , so i 'm looking into playing some mid tier nation that is fun and noob friendly . 
   played like a fool in german planes in arcade up to tier 3-4, 
  exactly what i did . 
  only i heard that it 's a bit easier to play uk for people who do n't know how to bnz , which i do n't , or ussr in arcade , since their planes work better at lower attitudes where most arcade battles take place . 
  or maybe japanese for that turn radius . 
  for us i heard it 's not easy for unskilled folks like me . 
   lanius did n't even have dialogue, 
  he did , you can convince him to back off the dam at the end . 
  or you can just kill him . 
  i was just thinking about this yesterday . 
  fo3 was my first fo game , so it gave me a pro-bos bias . 
  i favored them in nv , forsaking even house to keep them alive , even though they are not the good guys in that game . 
  more neutral . 
  even in fo4 it took me a while to realize how horrible they 've become . 
  in 4 they are as bad as enclave is in 3 . 
   legion is also worth a playthrough . 
  i could never make myself do that . 
  so ... pussy pass denied ? 
  from the article :, 
   while the fbi is investigating kushner 's contacts with russia , he is not currently a target of that investigation , the current law enforcement official said.there may not have been anything improper about the contacts , the current law enforcement official stressed . 
  mavbe on gibraltar ? 
  or it 's for any drunk , sun-burned british tourists anywhere south of the 40th parallel . 
  from wikipedia :, 
   with adolf hitler 's approval , adolf eichmann released a memorandum on 15 august 1940 calling for the resettlement of a million jews per year for four years , with the island governed as a police state under the ss . 
  they assumed that many jews would succumb to its harsh conditions should the plan be implemented . 
  [ the plan ] was permanently shelved in 1942 with the commencement of the final solution , towards which it had functioned as an important psychological step . 
   the resettled jews , noted rademacher , could be used as hostages to ensure `` future good behaviour of their racial comrades in america '', 
  i live in croatia and for some reason you can always find foreigneirs in mcdonalds . 
   fighter, 
   winner, 
   bigger, 
  i 'd use girl , sir , hurl , whirl , etc. 
  i wonder how native english speakers pronounce `` pizza '' if they ca n't pronounce tz ? 
  hahahahaha !, 
   victorian era execution, 
  well , the guillotine was used until the '70s , i think . 
  just as an interesting tidbit . 
  to quote her creator , william moulton marston :, 
   `` the only hope for peace is to teach people who are full of pep and unbound force to enjoy being bound ... only when the control of self by others is more pleasant than the unbound assertion of self in human relationships can we hope for a stable , peaceful human society ... 
  giving to others , being controlled by them , submitting to other people can not possibly be enjoyable without a strong erotic element . '', 
   about male readers , he later wrote : `` give them an alluring woman stronger than themselves to submit to , and they 'll be proud to become her willing slaves ! '', 
  `` no man can require a woman to be good , honest and faithful , but by being arbitrary and controlling he can make it hard for her to be good , honest and faithful . '', 
  and of course , wonder woman 's nemesis [ eviless !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eviless ), 
  i dislike trump immensely , but i do n't see the dissonance here . 
  if someone told you to do something and then said `` you should n't have done that '' that would be hypocritical . 
  it does n't really matter why trump did what he did ( for this particular instance ) . 
   what else would the point of this tweet be ? 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpbnedh1vok ) it is . 
   fo3 has a karma system in-game but fnv does n't, 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  fnv has karma . 
  yeah , but it 's still there , there are three perks that depend on your karma , and some companions will stop following you if your karma gets too low . 
  even endings vary on your karma . 
  right ? 
  the cardinal did nothing wrong . 
   and even if you are , onlookers are going to be more sympathetic to the person who does n't rage and insult the other person . 
  and that 's the problem . 
  what ? 
  the context is that white people are not an oppressed minority and slurs against white folks do n't have power behind them . 
  12 % before the war , 4 % after . 
  nothing happened to those who stayed , although i understand those who decided to leave . 
  nor perfectly ok , but not nearly on the same level . 
   what i do n't understand is the appeal of russian mbts, 
  [ ooo ] ( https://www.scalemates.com/projects/img/14101-19929-26-p.jpg ), 
  i 'm glad my dad is weaker than me , since he ca n't beat me anymore . 
  interviewer : you 're quite a writer . 
  you 've a gift for language , you 're a deft hand at plotting , and your books seem to have an enormous amount of attention to detail put into them . 
  you 're so good you could write anything . 
  why write fantasy ? 
  pratchett : i had a decent lunch , and i 'm feeling quite amiable . 
  that 's why you 're still alive . 
  i think you 'd have to explain to me why you 've asked that question . 
  i : it 's a rather ghettoized genre . 
  p : ( sighs ) without a shadow of a doubt , the first fiction ever recounted was fantasy . 
  guys sitting around the campfire -- was it you who wrote the review ? 
  i thought i recognized it -- guys sitting around the campfire telling each other stories about the gods who made lightning , and stuff like that . 
  they did not tell one another literary stories . 
  they did not complain about difficulties of male menopause while being a junior lecturer on some midwestern college campus . 
  fantasy is without a shadow of a doubt the ur-literature , the spring from which all other literature has flown . 
  up to a few hundred years ago no one would have disagreed with this , because most stories were , in some sense , fantasy . 
  back in the middle ages , people would n't have thought twice about bringing in death as a character who would have a role to play in the story .
