  i do think cold war vehicles , in both gf and af , should be somehow divided from ww2 stuff . 
  and adding more tanks could actually be a solution , if they have enough to make it a seperate br . 
   `` scientific '' consistent system , liketolkien 's, 
  hahahahahaha !, 
  edit : no offense , i just found that funny . 
  tolkien 's world is mythological , with the `` mountains in the distance '' feel to it . 
  for example , magic has no clear rules or limitations . 
  i would have used brandon sanderson as an example of consistent and `` scientific '' world builder . 
  tolkien is one of the best , but certainly not scientific . 
  ... towards their owners . 
  a piece of lemon almost always goes with any kind of fried chicken in restaurants in my country . 
  fried anything , now that i think on it . 
  yes , but the background in some pictures has a carpet on the wall , i thought this was more of a russian thing . 
  so he/she is probably a swede who took some east european girl 's pics , and posted a fake tinder profile , very `` casually '' translating her controversial political views . 
  she looks very nice , but i do n't like her acting at all . 
  he 's a douche , though . 
  that 's a nice head you hav on your shoulders . 
  so , you watched [ anime uno ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1xqdus6ifa ) recently ? 
   the ordinary philosopher in the street looking for a towel, 
  no , it 's referencing some philosopher from ancient greece , who jumped out of his bathtub naked , yelling `` eureka '' because he realized something about volume displacement . 
   yeah , i was a classical greek major, 
  oh , sorry , i thought you did n't know . 
  as for douglas , i kinda doubt it , it was just a mention of a towel , there is no context that points in that direction . 
  i did n't know about the eagle and the turtle , that 's definitely a reference there . 
  by `` say '' here you mean when you will volunteer to do someone else 's job for free ? 
  well , so do i. 
  several of my colleagues have children , and when they need time off we all do the work that needs to get done . 
  and not just children , when parents are sick , grandparents die , and so on . 
  my colleagues have helped me out when i needed a few days off to visit my family , even though there was no emergency . 
  i understand and support basic human decency . 
  what i was responding to is your conversation with the commenter above . 
  to quote :, 
  and honestly , if a parent has a really good reason , i would n't have an issue with it . 
  kid is sick and ca n't go to school , so you have to stay home and look after him ? 
  sure thing . 
  i 've got your back . 
  kid has a baseball game that you have known about for a long time now ? 
  johnny will live . 
  `` the way i see it , i had no part in your choice to procreate , so i should n't be penalized for it . '', 
  but you want a say in what is and is n't important in that parents and child 's life . . 
  just because it 's important to you does n't mean it 's important to me . 
  then why should you expect a say in it ? 
  itsthebeards does n't expect a say in someone 's life . 
  he is just saying that he is ready to jump in for some things . 
  it is decent to help , but it is not his obligation . 
  you meet ulfric in sovngarde , no matter what you do with his soul . 
  i wonder can you kill and soultrap him there ? 
   they use them heavily, 
  honestly , they could sell that to collectors and get much more guns , or much better ones . 
  and if you do it on reddit with enter instead of start some bacon flies around . 
  it 's kinda weird that even after all the twisted shit they do to actual humans i can still feel bad about them destroying a piece of history like that . 
  it works if you have [ res ] ( https://redditenhancementsuite.com/ ) , which you should have anyway . 
  he was responding to this comment :, 
   `` it 's also common courtesy to let riders get off the elevator before you get on . 
  how much you want to bet this mother was in such a rush to get on she did n't even look to see if her stroller was blocking anyone 's path ? '', 
  so i think he might have been sarcastic . 
  edit : um , no he was n't . 
  here is his next comment :, 
   lol . 
  you 're right . 
  i 'm happy her baby is dead . 
  and you 're probably one of those people who push their way onto subways without letting people off first . 
  also a [ clip ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/97/clip_m1-sks.jpg ) . 
  well , you posted a moon clip , it 's still a clip . 
  same concept , from three months ago : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zuvolrf5bom, 
  it was also posted here . 
  it 's not that surprising to me that it 's a gun , when we 're talking about someone who owns guns and lives somewhere where it 's legal and easy . 
  what surprises me is that you get a present so expensive . 
  i know i live in a poor country , but getting something worth more than $ 50 from a single person , or $ 200 from a group is not something i ever saw . 
  it 's a stupid question . 
  there are 200 species of owls . 
  the smallest owl -- weighing as little as 31 grams ( 1 oz ) and measuring some 13.5 centimetres ( 5 in ) -- is the elf owl . 
  the heaviest ( and largest winged ) owls are two similarly-sized eagle owls ; the eurasian eagle-owl ( bubo bubo ) and blakiston 's fish owl ( b. blakistoni ) . 
  these two species can both attain a wingspan of 2 m ( 6.6 ft ) and a weight of 4.5 kg ( 10 lb ) in the largest females . 
  to quote wikipedia . 
  and it 's a similar situation with hawks . 
  this question should be better defined first . 
  nice comment , but really , thrawn was obviously superior to everything else in eu . 
  it 's possible , but not certain . 
  wiki says :, 
   some traditional sources disagree . 
  ibn hisham wrote in his biography of muhammad that she may have been ten years old at the consummation . 
  [ 11 ] ibn khallikan , as well as ibn sa 'd al-baghdadi citing hisham ibn urwah , record that she was nine years old at marriage , and twelve at consummation . 
  then why did you make me want one ? 
   ha you ai n't gay, 
  and you are n't a middleschooler . 
  oglaf reference ? 
  if you feel like it you can read [ this ] ( http://www.extremetech.com/gaming/223070-fallout-4-is-a-great-game-but-a-terrible-rpg ) article , if not , i 'll try to put it more succintly in my own words . 
  edit : many people have said they miss the more rpg elements of the earlier fallout games . 
  for example , fo4 does n't have skills or special points , although this is somewhat compensated by relevant perks , it is a simplification that takes a way a bit of that feel . 
  the dialogue is not as good in general , because of the `` only 4 choices '' wheel , not to mention that you ca n't see what exactly your character will say . 
  in addition to that there were a lot fewer speech checks , especially the checks you can pass by having a specific skill , perk or special point . 
  ( for example , in fo : nv a character with low intelligence had different dialogue options , as if he was mentally challenged . ), 
  also , this is the first fallout that had a named character and voice acting for the player , which is not conducive to good role playing . 
  maybe more than anything the radiant quests bother many people , me among them . 
  there 's other stuff , but this is getting a bit long . 
  it 's a joke response to this :, 
   the earliest known instance of the ken-sama copypasta appeared on 4chan 's / jp / ( otaku culture ) board [ 1 ] on july 6th , 2009 , although subsequent comments suggest that it had been previously seen on the site . 
  the picture that later became associated with ken-sama was first posted on marisa eber 's blog nerd knits [ 2 ] on september 7th , 2005 . 
  the person depicted in the photo ( shown above ) was later identified as ebers ' husband , bradon .
