  my father grew up in a time and place where they used horse pulled plows and carriages and had no tv , plumbing , toilet paper , electricity , phones or cars . 
  not to mention , there is nothing you can do * after * someone falls out of the plane , anyway . 
  most bf 109 planes are single seaters , although i think there were some training versions with two seats , not sure . 
   once you learn how to drive it, 
  in what way is it different from other tanks ? 
  that 's when you teleport to the nearest imperial shrine , right ? 
  it could . 
   ` not having access ' was simply men being sexist assholes, 
  well , that 's exactly what it means , and i think the person you responded to is aware of that . 
  yes , it 's simple . 
  at first men were dominant because they were physically stronger and lived in very small communities . 
  in such a community it is easy to use pure strength of arm to control the weak . 
  later on , as technology and society progressed , this attitude became ingrained , created a tradition , culture and social inertia where men had more power . 
  with time men used this power to get more power , and keep it . 
  for a recent example you can look at switzerland . 
  this country is divided in cantons which have a great deal of autonomy . 
  most of these cantons only allowed women to vote in 1970 . 
  the last canton to do so did it in 1990 . 
  and it was not a decision of the male voters , the federal government decided to overrule the wishes of the voters and gave women the right to vote . 
  what i am trying to say is simple . 
  when a group has power it will try to keep it . 
  not to mention that history does not ignore the poor . 
  we are trying to understand the past better , be it the life of an egyptian farmer of pharaoh . 
  which can be used to make fire form , say , a bundle of sticks . 
  i watched that movie dozens of times when i was a kid . 
  they just kill livestock , at least in croatia , but it still happens . 
  gotovina had a lot of support while on trial , though people have cooled down a bit since he was released . 
  he is not involved in any politics today , he retired , so i say he is a bit irrelevant . 
  but he remains popular in the sense that most folks think he 's a good guy . 
  my personal feelings or general ? 
  nationalists in croatia dislike serbia and everything serbian , while most other people do n't care all that much , if the issue is not directly connected to the war we had . 
  the relations are a bit strained , but i believe they will improve , albeit very , very slowly . 
  barring any new wars in the region , of course . 
  nope , sorry . 
  only that you 're all obviously blonde , of course , 
  some do . 
  of course , a lot of serbians come here and have no issues , but a few who do are enough to make this seem a regular thing . 
  and of course , think about the biggest idiot in your town . 
  and realize that every town has a dozen like him . 
  one of these is enough to scratch every serbian vehicle in a smaller town . 
  so , yeah , it happens . 
   you are a unique and special snowflake , just like everyone else, 
  it turns out , when you take a bunch of these unique snowflakes together they form an amorphous white mass that can be thrown at our enemies with great effect . 
  see , this question did n't even occur to me . 
  i immediately assumed male . 
   as i was amused, 
  maybe you meant bemused ? 
  they can run longer than cheetahs and faster than humans , but not the other way around . 
  i agree , although i would add tiffany aching to that , especially in regards to rationality . 
  it 's 1,31 feet . 
  i 'll hold you , but i got ta warn you ;, 
  my midget where it counts what ? 
  the bearded , big nosed people with a love of gold , exiled from their homeland , but preserving their language and culture wherever they are settled ? 
  my word . 
  and , to me , the funny thing is , while hannibal was kicking around the italian country side , the romans sent ** legions ** away . 
  into spain and such . 
  and that 's where they won battles ( and lost some legions , and sent new ones ) . 
  they had some crazy casualties , but still continiued recruiting and fighting . 
  they never defeated him in europe either , he left on his own when rome invaded carthage in africa . 
  it 's just ... you know , what i think is true . 
  i ca n't force myself to believe something i do n't , and if i could i would n't . 
  i just believe truth is important , it does n't have to be beautiful or appealing . 
   truth remains different from person to person . 
  yeah , everyone can have an opinion on what is true , and that 's alright . 
  i hold plenty of opinions and it 's quite possible many of them are wrong . 
  but truth is only one . 
  some people have brown skin , how is that an insult ? 
  europe is about the [ same size ] ( http://imgur.com/vugbg ) as us . 
  way i heard it , the ships are now on a back burner . 
  do n't hope for them in the next year or two . 
  what about people who are not native english speakers ? 
  my language has 30 letters , slovakian has 46 i think . 
  hahahaha , i love this !, 
  well , so is our alphabet . 
  english is not the only language with latin script . 
  well , latin does n't have j , so which letter would you use for jake ? 
  point stability has been improved . 
  he had a dick [ this long ] ( http://i.ytimg.com/vi/_3ffhninxzo/hqdefault.jpg ), 
  i took it a s a joke that zorian eats slowly . 
  and what 's his character gon na be ? 
  i feel like this as well , and it does n't stop with me . 
  when i watch croatian tv it often sounds corny or sappy when people talk about feelings , not to mention that i notice bad acting easier . 
   everything that society teaches ~ ~ girls ~ ~ children, 
  you said :, 
   `` what you think does n't matter . 
  being an individual does n't matter . 
  my way is right , shut up and listen '', 
  and this reminded me of my own upbringing . 
  i agree with everything you said , only i still do n't see a reason to single out girls in your previous comment . 
  society is definitely sexist , and it always has been , and while it is bad for every sex/gender , it is the worst for women . 
  i do n't think this is a reason to exclude non-female children when talking about abusive parents . 
  i am croatian , and in my school it was taught rather neutrally . 
  the only thing that was emphasized was that this event was a not a cause of war , but an excuse . 
  gavrilo himself , and what he tried to do , are no more than brushed on in passing . 
  he was neither condemned nor treated as a hero . 
  the cause was a combination of two factors , according to my history teachers . 
  1 ) there were basically 2 blocks of alliances of european forces ; with austro-hungary and germany leading one side , and uk and france the other . 
  both of these were already prepared for war and were making more military equipment , the idea behind this being something along the lines of mad of the cold war . 
  some people believed that these huge alliances with lots of firepower could n't afford to war with each other , because it would be too costly , and everyone would have too many enemies to handle . 
  2 ) the other factor was that germany felt it got shafted in the colonies department , that is , france and uk covered the globe with their colonies and had lots of income while germany had basically a few small outposts .
