  echoes of this can be seen in pilgrim 's progress , for example , which hark back to a much earlier type of storytelling . 
  the epic of gilgamesh is one of the earliest works of literature , and by the standard we would apply now -- a big muscular guys with swords and certain godlike connections -- that 's fantasy . 
  the national literature of finland , the kalevala . 
  beowulf in england . 
  i can not pronounce bahaghvad-gita but the indian one , you know what i mean . 
  the national literature , the one that underpins everything else , is by the standards that we apply now , a work of fantasy . 
  now i do n't know what you 'd consider the national literature of america , but if the words moby dick are inching their way towards this conversation , whatever else it was , it was also a work of fantasy . 
  fantasy can be serious literature . 
  fantasy has often been serious literature . 
  you have to be fairly dense to think that gulliver 's travels is only a story about a guy having a real fun time among big people and little people and horses and stuff like that . 
  what the book was about was something else . 
  fantasy can carry quite a serious burden , and so can humor . 
  so what you 're saying is , strip away the trolls and the dwarves and things and put everyone into modern dress , get them to agonize a bit , mention virginia woolf a few times , and there !, 
  hey !, 
  i 've got a serious novel . 
  but you do n't actually have to do that . 
  thanks , i 'm okay-ish . 
  [ sfw ] ( https://youtu.be/enohraf3lek?t=1m37s ), 
  i have a cheaper lumia and i am also very happy with the os and ui . 
  very user friendly . 
  i 'd say #ffc 71f, 
   with a whole lot less black people, 
  so does trump . 
  yeah , losing r/atheism as a default really hurt their bottom line . 
  that having been said , i inhaled two mosquitoes last night . 
  interviewer : you 're quite a writer . 
  you 've a gift for language , you 're a deft hand at plotting , and your books seem to have an enormous amount of attention to detail put into them . 
  you 're so good you could write anything . 
  why write fantasy ? 
  pratchett : i had a decent lunch , and i 'm feeling quite amiable . 
  that 's why you 're still alive . 
  i think you 'd have to explain to me why you 've asked that question . 
  i : it 's a rather ghettoized genre . 
  p : ( sighs ) without a shadow of a doubt , the first fiction ever recounted was fantasy . 
  guys sitting around the campfire -- was it you who wrote the review ? 
  i thought i recognized it -- guys sitting around the campfire telling each other stories about the gods who made lightning , and stuff like that . 
  they did not tell one another literary stories . 
  they did not complain about difficulties of male menopause while being a junior lecturer on some midwestern college campus . 
  fantasy is without a shadow of a doubt the ur-literature , the spring from which all other literature has flown . 
  up to a few hundred years ago no one would have disagreed with this , because most stories were , in some sense , fantasy . 
  back in the middle ages , people would n't have thought twice about bringing in death as a character who would have a role to play in the story . 
  echoes of this can be seen in pilgrim 's progress , for example , which hark back to a much earlier type of storytelling . 
  the epic of gilgamesh is one of the earliest works of literature , and by the standard we would apply now -- a big muscular guys with swords and certain godlike connections -- that 's fantasy . 
  the national literature of finland , the kalevala . 
  beowulf in england . 
  i can not pronounce bahaghvad-gita but the indian one , you know what i mean . 
  the national literature , the one that underpins everything else , is by the standards that we apply now , a work of fantasy . 
  now i do n't know what you 'd consider the national literature of america , but if the words moby dick are inching their way towards this conversation , whatever else it was , it was also a work of fantasy . 
  fantasy can be serious literature . 
  fantasy has often been serious literature . 
  you have to be fairly dense to think that gulliver 's travels is only a story about a guy having a real fun time among big people and little people and horses and stuff like that . 
  what the book was about was something else . 
  fantasy can carry quite a serious burden , and so can humor . 
  so what you 're saying is , strip away the trolls and the dwarves and things and put everyone into modern dress , get them to agonize a bit , mention virginia woolf a few times , and there !, 
  hey !, 
  i 've got a serious novel . 
  but you do n't actually have to do that . 
  al ' ne puno . 
  e , i assault ima okus ko lo\u0161a kola . 
   or the treason, 
  technically speaking it 's not treason , since us is not at war with russia . 
   killing everyone in one hit, 
  yeah , that 's not how it went for me . 
  i was also high level , had decent weapons , even played on easy and every higher level enemy is a bullet sponge . 
  nv on the other hand , with certain weapons you can kill deathclaws in one hit , especially with headshots . 
   you do n't have to be that good to draw gag strips, 
  after all , you succeeded . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ am ^ ^ ^ ^ kidding , ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ love ^ ^ ^ ^ your ^ ^ ^ ^ stuff . 
  if you like this concept there is a very good book that includes this . 
  i highly recommend it to any scifi fans . 
  he 's one of my favourite authors , so i ca n't recommend him enough . 
  how do you control the turrets ? 
  individually , switching between them , or all at the same time ? 
   is the author 's mother tongue not english ? 
  i do n't know , but i think it 's not . 
  as for the plot , i enjoyed it . 
   the `` real life '' plot follows my life closely enough, 
  i am sorry for your friend . 
  if you ironically fuck a goat , you 're still a goatfucker . 
  some are similar to croatian :, 
   put them on a level playing field with russian tanks, 
  this really depends on which br you are playing . 
   stuff in some stories that comes off as silly, 
  i thought you were going to mention the rat fucking here . 
  i enjoyed leiber a lot and i agree that he was a huge influence on fantasy in general . 
  i 'm just wondering am i the only one who found the kinky parts a bit wierd ? 
  the rat princess especially . 
  i am the other way around . 
  i do n't find feet particulary attractive and i do n't want footjobs etc , but i am turned on by the dominant-submissive elements of the kissing them . 
   a horrible person who loves a woman . 
  i agree , and would like to add that a 40 year old who still loves a woman who died when she was 20 is not a `` romantic '' . 
  decades of straight up child abuse not withstanding . 
  yes , and do n't save over saves , make new ones , also do n't rely on autosave . 
  soviets trained bears to play hockey . 
  ... and i am shocked that quirrel is possessed by voldemort . 
  i thoght i was over this when i was 11 . 
  specifically what is their relation to modern south slavs ? 
  were they removed , killed , assimilated ? 
  so , i was checking what endgame tanks ussr has , and imagine my surprise when i counted 8 !, 
  germany and usa have 2 and 3 , respectively .
