never been on one there . 
  good to know though as i always find mobile signal dies the second i see anything that 's not a city . 
  yes , and i know truck drivers have timers built into their trucks which time their journeys . 
  not sure on what the maximum is though . 
  they may do for the longer ones like edinburgh - london , but the one i 've taken was only 4 hours, 
  in the uk you can get a coach across country for pretty damn cheap . 
  where i live ( near the middle of england ) to london for # 8 they take all day , they 're inconveniently timed and have no toilets or wifi . 
  but they 're cheap , which is the important part i suppose . 
  good to hear . 
  i think this goes even further than gender-based arguments because at least in the uk , we 're expected to work over spending time with our families . 
  more flexibility is a great step towards less stress and more enjoyable lives for everyone . 
  i imagine britain 's answer to the trustworthiness one a few decades ago would have been swapped, 
  its being branded as a `` save the children '' adult filter . 
  which sounds innocent unless you do your research, 
  i think its only bad of we let it be bad . 
  if the public had mature attitude towards it then it wo n't be a big deal, 
  down for maintenance, 
  europe does like our music though . 
  whenever i listen to local radio whole in holiday i heat british and american bands . 
  then come eurovision we go full retard . 
  i 've never understood how britain has loads of incredible musicians and yet enters absolutely terrible ones to eurovision, 
  china would be far worse if they did n't have kids working in sweatshops, 
  and now for the eurovision song contest ... europe ... 12 points, 
  annoyingly , those who rejected it here were the ones who the fptp system benefits . 
  you may find more luck at / r/wheredidthesodago, 
  depends where you are , but i suppose anything more than 2 generally . 
  let 's face it , we 're experts at queues . 
  how about instead of swapping a bad fossil fuel for a slightly better fossil fuel , we actually invest in renewable energy sources ? 
  that was absolutely fantastic . 
  as a massive ireland fan i really enjoyed that . 
  sorry , but whenever people post videos of crowds singing , i have to post this years rugby 6 nations final . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=zuamv5wqtt0#t=57 ( the crowd sing god save the queen pretty well too , but the welsh are just something else when it comes to singing ), 
  least we do n't eat frogs and snails . 
  i shed a single manly tear . 
  god save the queen !, 
  warm piss ?!, 
  and here 's me thinking the germans have good taste in beer :p, 
  dammit , you guys are always so nice when i visit . 
  * almost * makes me feel bad for pretend-hating you, 
  i challenge the russians , germans , and irish to a drinking competition !, 
  makes the uk seem pretty bloody reasonable . 
  as someone who 's half english , half northern irish , i 'm rather indifferent as to whether or not ireland is unified or not . 
  whichever is the best of the people , i suppose . 
  what i do know , is that i hate anyone who promotes such behavior , and things such as this make me ashamed to call those people british . 
  maybe not , but it 's still something i 'd like to be able to do . 
  i wish i was bilingual :(, 
  i 've never had wifi on a plane :( i guess it 's because i 'm always cheap and fly on the cheapest flights possible while flying within europe . 
  something to be proud of the uk for !, 
  i agree they 're making far more of a fuss over ukip than necessary . 
  whoever told me blond ( e ) is the only worth with masculine and feminine forms was obviously wrong :p i think english picked up many french terms when the norman 's conquered england, 
  i believe it 's the only word in the english language to have a masculine and feminine form, 
  yay i 'm a minority !, 
  in before you get banned for posting this . 
  yeah adam and eve obviously / s, 
  they were indeed real . 
  my mother 's northern irish and got a lot of shit when she was younger . 
  it 's also an album title , i believe . 
  well at least now i have some statistics to justify being single for 2 years ... 
  that 's how i feel too . 
  i 'm a strict vegetarian so usually people expect me to feel very passionate about it , but i feel the death and possible suffering of a relatively small number of small mammals is worth saving and/or improving the lives of millions . 
  you gave it away by posting an article which is obviously fake as no other news outlet in the country has reported it . 
  the dm are notorious for fabricating articles to get reactions . 
  oh you 're a troll , that 's okay then . 
  have you been reading the daily mail ? 
  this is true . 
  god this made me laugh harder than the entire of / r/funny bravo op . 
  bravo . 
  oh god people do that ? 
  i 'm so ashamed . 
  it 's good to know though , as if i were to go travelling in europe , i do n't wan na be looking up what the emergency number is in whatever country i 'm in while someone 's bleeding out on the ground, 
  i vote we just start stealing countries again . 
  yep . 
  web drink tea together every thursday, 
  oh yeah i understand that would be a problem , but i do n't like the idea that bob smith the white van driver who hates immigrants getting a say . 
  ( do n't have anything against white van drivers , but you get the stereotype that i 'm going for here ), 
  i personally worry about the public getting the vote on the eu . 
  i do n't claim to know all the pros and cons of being part of the eu , and i 'm pretty damn sure the vast majority of the uk would n't do their homework when/if we vote . 
  i think it should be left to those qualified to make the decision , while i do n't agree with the things our government does at times i like to think they know better than i do when it comes to these things . 
  i think that 's the thing . 
  i think of europe as two things . 
  there 's political europe which the uk are a part of , and there 's physical europe which the uk is separate from . 
  england here , but the rest of europe expects us to be ignorant so for once i 'll roll with it . 
  french people like cheese . 
  haha yep , whenever i go somewhere and i 'm not familiar with the language i always keep a phrase book handy . 
  at least then i can just give up and point to the phrase !, 
  your cheese ca n't help you now !, 
  french lets players are so boring d :, 
  faux-anglocentric whining is my new favourite term , but god damn i hate it when people seriously complain about people in other countries not speaking english . 
  i actually feel ashamed to be english when i 'm behind another tourist in a queue abroad and they 're yelling at the poor cashier because they do n't understand each other . 
  jesus christ this thread is a bombsite . 
  i think this is rather easy as an englishman , it has to be the welsh , scottish and both halves of the irish, 
  i think there was one hot week this year . 
  i hated it . 
  when we discuss the weather with north koreans , i reckon that 's a good sign of world peace . 
  that 's not a failure of the education system , it 's people failing themselves . 
  also there appears to be a culture of living off benefits in some areas , and in said areas children have no motivation to work hard as they 've never seen a reason to . 
  i 'm very pro-europe , but i agree our government needs to make their mind up . 
  i ca n't say i 'm completely educated on the pros and cons , but once the economy of the uk and eu stabilise i reckon then a decision must be made . 
  there 's a difference between wanting to be part of europe , and wanting to be part of the ` use ', 
  translation : 56 % of people do n't understand how useful being in the eu is , or are just ignorant .
