  doing that this spring . 
  will confirm when i get there . 
  are we still your partner senpai ? 
  going there for vacation this spring . 
  as others said other north americans love going to mexico, 
  i remember that period . 
  a lot people were very serious about that . 
  i wan na say it is in poland too . 
  hopefully a pole can confirm but i 'm pretty sure i 've heard that . 
  absolutely . 
  our treatment of blacks and natives are the two darkest stains on our nation 's history . 
  fair enough . 
  i also do n't mean this as arguing with you , but to say the relations between settlers and natives was one of purely settler greed is disingenuous . 
  because the settlers had the overwhelming power it seems they bear all the responsibility , but the image of natives as peaceful angels is wrong . 
  ultimately it depended on the tribe , but many of them like the comanche were just as evil as the settlers . 
  do n't act like for much of that time those settlers were americans and not brits . 
  obviously the us deserves most of the blame for the state of native americans today , but when you say american settlers it makes it sound like the uk had nothing to do with this . 
  this right here people is why reddit is still worth scrolling though . 
  fair point . 
  you think a week ? 
  being terrorists they would n't last a day . 
  also i 've been meaning to ask , why do n't you rock the us flair ? 
  top bantz right here . 
  can a brit confirm ? 
  not your fault for not knowing something . 
  just remember it or i swear to god you will feel murica 's wrath . 
  shots shotted . 
  i wish everyone on here knew that he 's almost always in character . 
  i see so many people argue with him and think he 's just another stupid american . 
  that 's a beauty . 
  i say russia 's black dolphin prison would work great we well . 
  they can even play water games with rags and buckets !, 
  israel actually supports his argument . 
  they found that when a woman was injured in combat most male soldiers would almost lose their ability to think rationally and would focus on the woman to the detriment of actually combat effectiveness . 
  women in the idf do not serve in combat as much as people think . 
  i 've been opposed to them based on this fact alone for awhile . 
  i mean , french people have the right to move away from the us and ally with russia but also need to understand that makes them our adversary and not our friend anymore ( im talking about the us , i do n't know how other euros feel about the fn basically saying fuck you to our collective alliance . 
  luckily i do n't think most french people actually want to leave nato ... i hope . 
  i apologize for insulting their culinary traditions . 
  it kind of looks like someone vomited on a pizza . 
  our grass is fed high fructose corn syrup . 
  `` i 'm 10 % italian . 
  cooking authentic italian food is in my blood '' hahahahahaha what the fuck ? 
  nah i 'm from texas . 
  i 've been to boston once so you could say i 'm a native . 
  my mom lived there for 10 years though so i know a bit about the city . 
  supposed to be as close to a european city as your probably going to get in the us , though after living in paris and vienna i would n't say it 's that similar . 
  and before someone says there is n't such a thing as a european city , i hear you , but i do n't know how else to differentiate american cities from euro ones . 
  well the boston marathon is a relatively large marathon , but i get your point . 
  edit : i looked it up and turns out it 's the oldest marathon in the world lol . 
  still agree with your point . 
  i seem to remember a certain french speaking country ruling syria and helping to draft sykes picot . 
  but yes let 's blame the uk . 
  yes , that 's what contradictory rhetoric means . 
  is voice of america allowed on here ? 
  there is a difference a media source merely founded by a government and one that has consistent played a propoganda role . 
  voa has done that , the bbc for the most part hasnt . 
  ehh . 
  there is strong evidence in my opinion that he was aware of the famine . 
  he wrote to the british embassy and said that up to 10 million may have starved . 
  the new york times basically requested that the award be stripped . 
  your colonies were a long time ago , you ca n't call us that anymore !, 
  ok . read through your comment get those gears in your head moving . 
  how is increasing the costs of consumer goods across the board good for the average russian . 
  some may experience net benefits from the increased production jobs but the country as a whole suffers from the increased costs of consumer goods . 
  this is not complicated . 
  oh i totally agree with you there . 
  generally claims of continuing someone else 's legacy are bullshit . 
  yup . 
  russia has been so clever about this . 
  everyone is completely fooled . 
  the ussr focused on increasing domestic production for self sufficiency . 
  it did not work to put it mildly . 
  the us is the largest economy in the world and we still import a metric fuck ton of consumer goods . 
  purge the fascist , the junta , and the homogay . 
  i do n't think anyone was saying they were culturally roman , just that they had both claimed rome 's legacy . 
  `` video not available in your country '' ... 
  so that is what it feels like :(, 
  he 's saying segregation is dumb . 
  yea . 
  nope . 
  at most 20 % and even that might be pushing it . 
  but the men that went on to form al-qaeda were never supported by the us . 
  the pakistani isi supported much of what became and taliban and al-qaeda , and it is true the us supported pakistan , but there has never been much evidence that the us supported bin-laden and his fighters . 
  this is a misconception that has gone on for awhile now , and it is annoying . 
  there were many different groups of mujahideen , so saying the us supported some does not mean it supported all of them . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/allegations_of_cia_assistance_to_osama_bin_laden#opposing_view it 's wikipedia , so obviously not a definitive source , but this outlines the general argument . 
  where did our government support al-qaeda ? 
  in syria we bomb them . 
  in afghanistan we did not help them contrary to popular belief . 
  we did n't even really support what would become the taliban . 
  we mostly supported what would become the northern alliance . 
  i remember being really surprised about how it was ok to smoke in bars when i lived in vienna . 
  i knew a lot of austrians that did n't like going to bars and clubs for this very reason . 
  it 's mexico . 
  that 's an absurd accusation . 
  so those who want to limit immigration are at risk of knifing children ? 
  i know turks think we are behind akp in the first place , but if y' all replace them there wo n't be any issues on our end . 
  and what you see with trump is completely absurd . 
  pfft , beta .
