  and if you are n't blonde you have grey hair . 
  like a 20 year old with grey hair . 
  your need to post the fucking definition of the word oxymoron was pretentious you dense mf ` er, 
  be more pretentious please . 
  ukraine seems to fuck a lot of stuff up , but that ad is incredibly powerful and well done . 
  hopefully they can get better commanders and we in the west help train and equip them . 
  i 'll answer for my irish friends . 
  `` i 'm irish too ! '', 
  how good is finland 's air defence ? 
  i know your air force is relatively small . 
  if russia invaded ( unlikely ) i do n't think weapons would save them off indefinitely . 
  i do n't really know though . 
  modern warfare is complex . 
  i would want to defend finland , but we really should n't be obligated to defend you . 
  anything else would be unamerican, 
  i agree . 
  i was just being a smart ass . 
  ok , but we 're putting ice in it . 
  a couple might be . 
  you never know . 
  yea , i do n't think proposing this would be political suicide at all . 
  are you serious ? 
  what do you think the wall on our southern border is for ? 
  i had to re-read that a few times . 
  what the fuck . 
  he 's a really good professor . 
  i took one of his classes last year and loved it . 
  completely unrelated , but i was just in lisbon for a week . 
  portugal is fucking dope and should be a bigger tourist destination . 
  y' all are super nice and everything is stupid cheap by european standards . 
  also i did the required sintra trip . 
  that place is fantastic . 
  and portuguese food is dope too . 
  / randomness done, 
  is there a statute of limitations on that jewelery/old bank accounts ? 
  it seems that after 100 years , if no one has claimed it yet , no one is going too and the government might as well put it to use . 
  i remember watching this in german class : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhhar1s_eka, 
  i never really interpreted the coldness as rude . 
  though i will say , as an american , i 'm not a huge fan of it . 
  different cultures and all that . 
  i 've noticed parisians are really cold and distant , but they are actually pretty considerate . 
  whenever i 'm on the metro or tram people always get up to let old people sit . 
  and people also always hold doors for others here . 
  it 's an interesting dichotomy . 
  that subreddit is either creeping me out with the cult like way of speaking or pissing me off . 
  i try not to go there . 
  i never meant to imply all or even a majority of europeans think we are wildly different , but i have definitely seen comments here that point towards that direction , especially when politics are taken into account . 
  though as someone else pointed out , some americans also like to think that europeans are all completely different from us . 
  i 'm confused . 
  are you asking if i really think the differences between the us and x european nation are the same as x european nation to x european nation or what ? 
  fat cats do i get cat facts now too ? 
  please tell me he 's a politician . 
  ok , i was impatient and googled it . 
  he is . 
  i love you latvia . 
  i 'm currently in paris for study abroad . 
  i 'm only in europe for 3 months but currently i * am * living in europe . 
  do you want me to post proof ? 
  actually i do n't know how to do that . 
  i go to school in chicago . 
  u of chicago is in south side chicago if you are curious . 
  and i am originally from texas and consider myself texan . 
  there 's my life story . 
  i 'll also be interning in vienna this summer so more europes for me . 
  also why you creeping my comments brah !, 
  i ai n't got nothing to hide , nothing !, 
  true . 
  i currently live in europe . 
  anyone that says we are wildly different is just being obtuse . 
  there are obvious differences between the different european cultures and the us , but on the whole , in a global context , we are more similar than some europeans want to admit . 
  idiots . 
  some branches call the us af the chair force so military puns know no boundaries . 
  i live in south side chicago . 
  i mean , yea , i occasionally hear gunshots , but i 've never seen a fucking gang fight . 
  there 's no fucking way he was just walking around queens and saw a gang fight . 
  that 's insane . 
  but that 's terrible too !, 
  and not a pronoun . 
  it 's all sorts of confusing now . 
  he is considered offensive by some , but they just sounds weird to me . 
  i also dislike he/she , so ... english needs a neuter pronoun now that does n't suck . 
  patton was never the most diplomatic fellow . 
  he also really , really hated the ussr . 
  send more ? 
  we have n't sent any ... 
  i read through it a little bit . 
  he really is anti-american . 
  not just policies , but everything to do with america . 
  jesus fucking christ , i do n't even know where to begin with this bullshit . 
  the us is willing to use diplomacy as well . 
  but when you completely rule out any sort of force like germany , diplomacy is greatly weakened . 
  that forces us in the us to play the bad cop role . 
  what country is the us currently invading and occupying ? 
  afghanistan is not an occupied country . 
  we have left iraq . 
  we were n't even the main instigators for libya and that was not an invasion or occupation . 
  and in terms of casualties , the iraq war was disastrous , but people always forget that the majority of those casualties were from militants killing civilians . 
  you can make the argument the us caused that to happen by removing saddam , but what would have happened when saddam died ? 
  do people honestly believe saddam could have contained the boiling sectarian tensions in iraq forever ? 
  her comment was n't diplomatic , ( though it was n't made to be heard by the eu either . ),
