  lived in austria for a few months . 
  i would alternate between loving the honesty and then wishing i was around more people that communicated like me . 
  sometimes i would think , `` do you really need to phrase it that way ? 
  what you said seems unnecessarily harsh ;( '', 
  lol . 
  this is such an absurd conversation . 
  i do n't think anyone is calling roma refugees . 
  and if you are you 're really stretching the definition of that word . 
  and i do n't mean you , moon man . 
  that 's new york mostly . 
  i think they just gave up on coming up with 100 names so they just used numbers . 
  in chicago where i live each block is usually 1/8 of a mile . 
  i could n't give a unit because i 'm pretty sure it varies from city to city . 
  well . 
  maybe my perception is skewed because i come from a family of alcoholics on both sides . 
  luckily i do n't really like the booze . 
  or , more like , when i do drink i drink to complete excess and end up feeling like crap . 
  so you know how we build our cities in nice grids ? 
  a block is literally that . 
  one `` block '' of the grid . 
  yea . 
  one thing i sometimes like about german is the lack of ambiguity . 
  though i 'm also a native english speaker and so ultimately i 'm more comfortable in a situation where people communicate by expecting you to read between the lines . 
  i understand why germans talk the way they do , but it 's sometimes hard for me to remember y' all are n't being rude , you 're just a blunt people . 
  it 's especially bad because i speak texan english which is overly polite and uses leading phrases to give people outs in conversations . 
  it 's why we temper our opinions with `` i reckon that ... '' so that we make it clear it 's just our opinion and we do n't wan na fight about anything . 
  how did n't i know this ... ... ... ... ... ; _ ;, 
  we are n't heavy drinkers at all . 
  at least not on average . 
  however , we have plenty of heavy drinkers that can `` compete '' with anyone in europe . 
  you think all our fathers left their drinking habits on the boat ? 
  ian banks is a world treasure . 
  nope . 
  i 'm not going to have this conversation with a german speaker again . 
  never again . 
  i even think the iraq war was stupid , but discussing the us with most germans is a waste of time . 
  all you ever want from these conversations is to enlighten me about my own country . 
  i fucking knew it . 
  i went and ranted to my entire family after his `` carpet bomb isis until the sand glows '' comment because of how disgusting it was . 
  this is the correct response . 
  i 've actually worked with our state department . 
  the number of people involved in pretty much any strategic decision is huge . 
  obviously the president gets the final say usually but he does n't decide things in a vacuum . 
  our european friends have many opinions . 
  so many opinions . 
  so many ... 
  this one . 
  i linked you to my own comment . 
  i will never , ever abandon my country no matter what happens . 
  i want to live in other places for awhile or maybe even for quite some time , but i will never abandon the usa . 
  like the others said , we are n't going anywhere . 
  true isolationism was discredited in us politics by ww2 . 
  welllllllll maybe i 'm speaking too soon because soldiers are obviously hyper masculine . 
  but i think they 'd recognize the sentiment haha . 
  can we wait till our army gears up before the smartass comments ? 
  well if you meet a us soldier in lithuania give him a hug . 
  i 'm sure he 'll hug you back . 
  europe has always treated poland like shit . 
  i had hoped they would , you know , stop that . 
  i love you . 
  we are going to ignore you and consult merely with the countries involved . 
  if germans and germany want a say in how we are positioning troops in europe they can talk to their euro neighbors or try and send troops instead of us . 
  otherwise , i 've about had it with germans critiquing the us . 
  it 's been getting on my nerves for years now . 
  it 's not even very complicated . 
  i would n't be surprised if the uk has some contingency plan in case the us is taken over by a fascist dictator . 
  nothing wrong with plans . 
  i do n't think anyone actually wants to use these plans . 
  it 's a fine line . 
  also with 11 million illegal immigrants some of them will be criminals . 
  i also understand your position . 
  my own life has taught me you ca n't fucking judge anyone without all the facts , and you almost never have those . 
  you can judge people 's actions , but i have * tried * to teach myself not to judge the person behind the actions too quickly . 
  i generally find the better commenters just make that clear . 
  no one ever wants to be lectured too . 
  it 's a respectable mentality we can all relate to . 
  i do n't hate russians . 
  i hate their government like they hate mine . 
  yea i had to stop reading it . 
  it was jarring . 
  no you guys do not fucking accept subjugation by others , not even by us when you feel like that 's what 's happening . 
  yup . 
  we have very good healthcare , but it 's way to fucking expensive . 
  what the fuck is happening in this subreddit now . 
  i do n't understand how to handle this . 
  three years ago this place was not anti-american , but there was a * very * critical slant . 
  your empire scared the living shit out of europe . 
  until it stopped scaring them . 
  but then you can associate * your * name with it and when kids are taking poli sci tests they have to remember whose name is attached to which idea . 
  i always remind myself that all these people are very deep in the academia world . 
  if you can see through some of the academia bull they are a lot more enjoyable to read imo . 
  rants of a poli sci student . 
  it 's why some classify us as a hyperpower and not a superpower . 
  obviously it 's controversial , but i do think we are different from your run of the mill superpowers in the past . 
  the system is too complex nowadays . 
  poland # 1 in europe all other countries little girls . 
  i know you guys give yourself a lot of shit for this , but going with us in iraq really did reap dividends for the uk in the us 's public image while just hosing france 's . 
  i do n't know if our government made a concerted effort to do that , since i was pretty young at the time , but the image of the uk is incredibly good in the us to this day . 
  i think it 's been good since ww2 , but i think it could have been wounded at any time in the last 15 years . 
  i lost faith in my government ( but not in the civilian government .
