healthcare in the us is ridiculously expensive for a number of reasons , and fear of malpractice is a huge part of it . 
  there 's no way the us is # 1 in health for anything , unless it 's expenditure on health :(, 
  r/unitedkingdom seems to think you are . 
  not american brah . 
  i 'm calling bullshit on you . 
  where the fuck did you see people open carrying in the northeast ? 
  and you visited planned parenthood when you went to the us ? 
  i do n't have a problem with canada . 
  you , meanwhile ... 
  it depends on the state . 
  in texas it 's just beer and wine . 
  do iowa wal-marts sell guns and liquor ? 
  southerners do n't hate white immigrants . 
  honestly we do n't even hate immigrants ... 
  ehh . 
  close enough . 
  i 'm too stupid or lazy to understand any of it . 
  fuck the haters . 
  i 'll eat pancakes whenever . 
  americans are fat and dumb ? 
  never heard that before . 
  edit : bring the downvotes . 
  i can fucking take it ` quivers in excitement ', 
  this mess can be traced back in no small part to britain and france as well . 
  lord fucking knows the european armament industry was crucial to european integration . 
  the usa is n't the reason the eu has n't become a major power . 
  you europeans have decided against that . 
  i disagree . 
  i think the pivot to asia made clear that the us wants to focus on china and asia in general . 
  a strong eu would allow for a more hands-off approach in that region . 
  a weak and fragmented eu requires more us assets that could be put to use in other critical regions . 
  this alone should put whoever leaked this in jail for the rest of their life . 
  i like a lot of the reveals that have been made , but this is crossing the line and is completely and wholly traitorous to the us people and our interests . 
  i 'm as tall as putin ? 
  fuck me , i 've got no excuses now . 
  do n't bother arguing with the germans . 
  they have their heads stuck too far up their asses . 
  we got it from you dad !, 
  gosh . 
  german citizens never shut the hell up about it . 
  this makes me weirdly happy . 
  more like never got around to invading . 
  generalscruff and his friends are looking to change that little fact , 
  wo n't that just drive y' all into nato ? 
  that has actually changed !, 
  http://www.colourlovers.com/blog/2007/09/21/the-new-colors-of-us-money each denomination is now a different hue . 
  crazy stuff happening across the pond . 
  maybe next we 'll have a black president !, 
  freedom knows no borders . 
  no , really , we do n't understand the concept of borders unless they involve mexico . 
  america actually has a pretty good national anthem : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1wltaxdgqg edit : if you elect me president , my first order of business will be to change our anthem to this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7r5a0pg4on8 thank you sociallistideals !, 
  with a name like , maybe * you * can be elected . 
  even we americans have foreign language classes . 
  they 're generally not very good though :p, 
  your sarcasm goes both ways . 
  but anyway , the point of my comment is that the british were in no position to take on the germans by themselves . 
  their navy could n't have dislodged the nazis from europe , and given time the resources of europe would have provided hitler the ability to build a massive navy of his own . 
  as an american , so maybe i 'm more objective , i agree completely . 
  if the uk had been attached to france by land it would have fallen to the nazi 's . 
  that 's not a small exaggeration , that 's a pretty fucking huge one . 
  well if it works on them ... 
  at least here , that 's not what the stereotype means at all . 
  people just like to joke about irish people being alcoholics . 
  sometimes there 's an added and related stereotype of irish people being quick to fight . 
  same . 
  i could understand most of it by reading . 
  by listening less than half . 
  i still remember being a kid and hearing about this and my parents saying the terrorists offering a mother one of her children and not the other was one of the cruelest things possible . 
  what the fuck ? 
  the name came from the dudes native side . 
  yea i looked it up and one site said it might be a bastardization of a german name but there are definitely native americans with that name . 
  i 'm not exactly a proponent of increased immigration to europe ( though not my problem anyway ) , but rioting is probably not how you convince more people that your side is right . 
  knew a guy with the last name sixkiller . 
  that was a boss last name . 
  is it litres in british english ? 
  sorry scotland . 
  what a blunder by that guy . 
  you 're right . 
  it 's just funny in a lot of spoken american english should n't have sounds more like should n't of . 
  i just got back from living in vienna . 
  gespritzers everywhere . 
  just because the eu has reached levels of intra-european cooperation that are unprecedented does n't mean that on a global scale , when compared to other nation-states , the eu is fairly divided and ineffectual . 
  yes , yes i know the eu is not a country , but in some respects , like monetary policy with the eurozone nations , it has begun to appropriate some of the responsibilities of a nation-state without the ability to fully act like one . 
  so yes , the eu * can * be compared to the us or a federal state . 
  just because it is not the same and has a ways to go before it reaches that level of centralization does not mean that it ca n't still be compared to , say , the us . 
  the point of these comparisons is generally to show that the system of the eu is not good enough for the needs of the continent ; that something is lacking under the current framework and the result is a relatively ineffectual organization . 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
  i ca n't tell ... 
  but how are finland 's memes ? 
  i think swiss strategy is partly that and also relying on the geographic nature of the country to aid in its defense and make it infeasible to try and invade in the first place . 
  i mean , it 's buzzfeed . 
  i think most of the americans on here could ace that . 
  no it is n't . 
  idk what caused it , but the american auto industry has really improved in the last few years . 
  i might actually buy american in the future . 
  when did your government beg us to stop ? 
  fuck you too . 
  what the fuck . 
  i mean maybe you can get away with that in ireland . 
  just do n't call a black american a fucking negro .
