  fuck off to r/european with that shit . 
  i do n't always agree with him either , but he 's a great professor . 
  his class was one of my favorites at school . 
  i 'm pretty sure devils avocado was on purpose because it 's hilarious . 
  of english ? 
  because a local newspaper is distinct from a national one . 
  the dallas morning news is a local ( though large ) paper . 
  the nyt is a national one . 
  are you actually serious ? 
  his comment sounds so self-righteous . 
  because he killed protestors ? 
  i do n't know anyone who puts ice cubes in beer ... 
  yea i understand that , just kinda disappointing for someone who is used to filling up his cups with ice cubes . 
  i have heard that a lot of ice machines are not cleaned regularly so there is definitely a point to them being unhygienic , though i do n't think there is anything intrinsically unhygienic about ice . 
  easily counteracted by continuously drinking more cold drinks and then sucking on the ice cubes . 
  probably my least favorite thing about europe is your * lack of * * appreciation * for the ice cube . 
  is frozen hair going to kill you ? 
  i 'm sure australians do n't pee on things . 
  yea i generally just assume i 'm being judged . 
  i 'm working in austria right now and try to use as little english as possible . 
  my accent and piss poor german usually outs me though . 
  still i took shirley 's motto to heart when i went out drinking with the u.s. marines from the embassy . 
  those dudes do n't give a fuck about america 's image haha . 
  it was an emergency and my friends were in line to get into the palace so i did what needed to be done and defaced a statue . 
  believe me i looked for a toilet but was shit out of luck . 
  am american , also pissed on a monument in spain . 
  was n't drunk , just really had to go and the statue was the only safe place . 
  edit : sorry spain , i 'll make it up to you somehow . 
  never seen the word before , assumed it was french . 
  i do n't remember the us revolutionaries plotting assassinations and killing children . 
  they 're fucking idiots . 
  the ira were terrorists and the `` irish '' americans who did and sometimes still do support them are stupid at best and sick at worst . 
  we americans would rightfully be apalled at someone voicing support for 9/11 , so i can understand what you mean . 
  yup , adam 's statement . 
  i 'll be the first to say my knowledge of irish ( and british for that matter ) politics is fairly sparse , but i still can not respect that man or his party . 
  i do n't care if moutmatten was fucking hitler , the boys killed in that bomb did not deserve to die and adam 's attempt to justify or rationalize it frankly angers me . 
  has sinn fein changed much since then ? 
  because their statement is fucking disgusting . 
  you got me ... 
  i 'll accept it this time ... but remember a bald eagle cries every time an american uses british spellings . 
   labour i call shenanigans on you being american !, 
  i do n't think they had that much impact . 
  i 'm pretty sure british accents from the 17th and 18th centuries had the biggest effect . 
  then again i have no fucking idea what brits sounded like back then . 
  i just know the southern us accents took a lot of influence from scottish accents and shit . 
  all the other famous icelandic musicians i 'm thinking of also sing in english . 
  ketchup on hot dogs is literally hitler . 
  the rest of europe needs to help you . 
  this should n't even be a question . 
  changed my topic since my preceptor thought it was way too broad : /, 
  considering the fact we hate venezuela , i 'd hope we 'd come to your aid if the stupid fucks attacked curacao . 
  well i assumed they were euros . 
  maybe i 've done europe an injustice and it was really the dastardly canadians . 
  ca n't give you names for the lynch mob , but i 've definitely seen threads on reddit that were basically `` what american food grosses you out '' and peanut butter would always be up there . 
  they are definitely insane , unhinged , lunatics , and possessed . 
  i 'd always heard euros hated peanut butter . 
  this changes everything !, 
  it was still awkward for me when i 'd never done it before and am not really used to putting my face that close to someone else 's that i 'm not in a relationship with . 
  as a guy , hugs with female friends are more common , but i 've only ever hugged my closest guy friends . 
  and i 've never fucking did this greeting kiss thing . 
  i do n't know what that armenian flair dude is talking about . 
  lol where do you live ? 
  i 've lived in texas and illinois and yet to see a single kiss greeting . 
  also lived in france so i would have known what it was . 
  the term yankee is about americans . 
  this seems like a weird example to use for your issues with wikipedia, 
  i can sort of read portuguese with my shitty spanish , but i ca n't understand a single fucking spoken word . 
  oops , i forgot about poland . 
  one can never forget about poland . 
  there were brits too !, 
  that 's probably true . 
  which is why closer integration is important for europe to remain relevant in a world that will only become increasingly dominated by large powers like china and the us, 
  why would n't you be okay with being an equal partner with the us ? 
  i understand not wanting to be an unequal one . 
  we 've won all the superbowls too . 
  of course we are better . 
  you 're just jealous of their low low prices !, 
  muh independence !, 
  the rimshot stays !, 
  we 'll let the masses of reddit ( the one or two people that make it this far down the thread ) decide . 
  well , it does n't sound * bad * just not my cup o ' tea * ba dum tsss * ^ ^ i 'll ^ ^ see ^ ^ myself ^ ^ out, 
  what do you commies eat for breakfast ? 
  if it pleases me i may deem you not as filthy as before . 
  aight . 
  was n't sure if it was just a tex-mex thing . 
  i know a lot of the `` mexican '' food we eat in texas is n't super common in mexico . 
  now that i read that , it looks like most of the chilaquiles i 've had are really migas . 
  are chilaquiles a thing in mexico ? 
  that 's another one of my favorite breakfast foods . 
  i almost only eat cereal and milk for breakfast . 
  but , a full english breakfast or hearty american one every now then ca n't possibly kill you . 
  ^ verdict ^ still ^ out . 
  ^ not ^ dead ^ yet . 
  who does n't like breakfast ? 
  filthy commies probably . 
  full english breakfasts are the shit . 
  actually , yea . 
  that is pretty fucking weird now that i think about it . 
  where you come from it is . 
  obviously it is n't in the south .
