  i have an enormous amount of respect for our state department ) to do the right thing . 
  that 's why i 'm insecure . 
  the whole ` murica thing is a deflection tactic i use to send a signal to euros that i 'm not ` one of those ' americans . 
  and i mean that i consciously used this , i felt like i was insulting you almost by doing this because i was being dishonest . 
  i was always scared in europe to admit that , yes i 'm from texas , and yes there are still a few things about me that are more conservative than you . 
  i 'm glad someone like you picked up on it to prove to myself that i 'm not so fucking clever . 
  that sounds awful . 
  edit : i have an aching feeling that i was n't the only american ( especially if you are from texas like me ) that did/does this in europe . 
  we put up a facade when talking politics with you , but we are n't really honest . 
  i think this is why i got along better with eastern euro 's , because i was always honest with them and we just talked and chilled . 
  my overall interactions with western europeans ( purely when discussing politics , everything else was fine ) made me incredibly bitter , and i 'm thankful you helped me think through this and now i do n't feel as bitter anymore because i see a lot of this was my fault for not being brave enough to just say what i truly think . 
  and none of my views are even remotely radical , that 's what 's funny . 
  i feel like it has n't changed . 
  mkvg and bloody are both americans who do n't use the american flag , but they 've been doing that for like 3 years now or something . 
  i 've also been here for like 3 years . 
  i do n't really recognize that many new americans . 
  there are a few , but not any different that the new europeans i 've been seeing . 
  dude , most people in austria , and i really mean most , i fucking loved vienna , were chill but a ton of them did view my country as an antagonist , so do n't try and say this is n't a thing in europe . 
  i understand that and that 's why i would n't point to this article for policy recommendations . 
  i just thought this was interesting and could start a better discussion than a lot of migrant articles . 
  let 's not forget a huge part of that drop was irish people moving here . 
  where the heck do people think all these ` irish ' americans come from ? 
  and you guys literally are the best neighbor ever so ... 
  it felt well researched and well written . 
  honestly , it just * felt * professional compared to some of their pieces where you can sense vice is an alternative media outlet . 
  i do n't want to stake myself as defending every aspect of the article . 
  i just felt this was better written than a lot of what i 've read in the past from them . 
  edit : sorry for answering his question and stating my opinion everyone . 
  i guess the people down voting me think i linked this because i 'm on a crusade against immigration . 
  im negative towards more immigration but i honestly did just think this was an interesting article . 
  well if you insist . 
  i do n't think you get what he 's saying . 
  the british government * ca n't * keep the bases in cyprus if there are massive demonstrations . 
  the people of britain would never allow them to stay . 
  we 'll manage the power balance as best we can . 
  if not us , the brits will . 
  they have a lot of experience managing various power blocs on the continent . 
  or the powerblocs would never be a huge problem . 
  who knows . 
  i honestly feel like / r/europe has n't been as bad lately as people make it out to be . 
  though that could also be because we are no longer the target pretty much ever haha . 
  i thought this was one of vice 's better pieces . 
  i much prefer that america than the one that starts wars and gets everyone pissed at it . _ . 
  i personally believe we are a little more violent than your average people that sometimes lust for a ` righteous ' enemy to direct all our violence upon . 
  i do n't think that makes us evil , but it is something our policy makers need to always keep in the back of their minds . 
  they gave up a bit to quick . 
  the early years of the us were a disaster . 
  actually the disaster lasted awhile . 
  i think it benefits us . 
  the diplomatic capital we get by defending our allies is immense . 
  i do n't think that should be a controversial statement as long as people recognize there is still conservative media . 
  i admit that would totally be my reason for laying low in serbia . 
  actually i should come clean . 
  this is why i lay low in europe . 
  i know most people do n't care , but especially in german speaking countries there is that one person that always has to discuss ` politics . ', 
  i should really visit serbia . 
  i should have really done more traveling when i lived in austria . 
  yup . 
  and mandates were n't your typical colony either . 
  also hejaz or saudi was just straight up independent and they are the worst in the region . 
  colonized for roughly 50 years as mandates does n't have the same ring to it does it ? 
  always extremes with the germans . 
  it 's my favorite european country i 've visited hands down . 
  sometimes there 's no point in writing out a longer response . 
  it looks like this is a two way street where both sides need to make improvements . 
  im not going to even try and tease out who is to blame or bears more of the responsibility because at a certain point it does n't matter and things need to be done because they improve societal cohesiveness . 
  how familiar . 
  seems relatively similar to race relation issues in the us with the caveat of a lot less people actually dying . 
  better level of discourse my ass . 
  the russians have gotten worse at maskirovka it seems . 
  i mean , they are still good at it , but not cuban missile crisis good at it . 
  they leave their breadcrumps to obviously , or maybe that 's the point . 
  i do n't know . 
  we 're here to protect and serve . 
  and sometimes rat out croatian jokers . 
  also we are watching your porn with you . 
  i think the croatians would be so happy . 
  the slovenes ... no idea . 
  well that does n't sound good for british politics ... why is the left seemingly jumping into the abyss these days ? 
  i suppose i have my own theories so i 'll leave that as a rhetorical question . 
  that 's my favorite ever . 
  there 's so much fantastic detail in it . 
  yea . 
  i think wikipedia is important too , but people are acting like this joke is hurting human progress or something major . 
  you know what , humor is good for everyone sometimes and this was really funny and i still believe mostly harmless . 
  i 'm not going to edit wikipedia because i 'm not 12 anymore , but some of the comments above were a little hard to take seriously imo . 
  yea sorry about that . 
  -39 is a pretty huge deficit . 
  i 'm sorry but no poll is that off base or if it is it just means maybe he 's only at -20 . 
  ah ok . im in a bad mood from an earlier argument that i never should have wasted my time on so i interpreted your comment as accusing me of making something up . 
  during his years as mayor , sanders called himself a socialist and was so described in the press . 
  [ 65 ] [ 66 from his wikipedia page . 
  from 1981 but i 'm technically not wrong . 
  what the fuck dude . 
  i wrote in there that he says he is a democratic socialist . 
  it does n't matter though . 
  the american public thinks he 's a socialist . 
  sorry if i do n't just automatically believe we are currently , directly funding islamic terrorists . 
  if we are funding islamists i do n't even care anymore . 
  at a certain point the people lapping up their messages are to blame not us .
