  i really only like the taste of beer , and even then i rarely seek it out unless i 'm with friends at a bar . 
  at my apartment my roommates constantly keep our fridge stocked with at least pbr and usually better stuff , and i rarely ever drink it . 
  i hit duh bong instead . 
  part of the issue is i will vomit no matter what if i get crossfaded . 
  fuck the heatwave that happened this summer . 
  my apartment in vienna had no ac . 
  felt bad man . 
  now i 'm back in texas where every building has ac , otherwise we would all melt to death in the summer . 
  bruh . 
  we in dallas live in a bigger city . 
  houston will be numba 4 when we become numba 3 . 
  dallas  houston this is by metro area , which is the only way to measure our texas sprawl cities . 
  also what 's the temp in houston like lately ? 
  it was like 40 fahrenheit yesterday here in dallas . 
  oh i do n't disagree . 
  i just personally do n't understand it . 
  i 'm not really making a judgement . 
  also i 'm a massive stoner , so i do n't even drink much anyway . 
  we secretly sent out slave monies to you . 
  what about the men 's trauma ? 
  ( yes i know most male rape is by other men ), 
  i do n't understand people who casually drink stuff over 80 proof . 
  like , do you * really * enjoy it ? 
  maybe that 's the root of our culture , but we have enough good farmland where we should n't still have to think like that . 
  though i guess culture does n't change overnight . 
  can confirm . 
  i only ever drink if i want to get fucked up . 
  i never have any wish to just drink at dinner or something . 
  i also think this is evidenced by the number of terms we gave for getting drunk . 
  pissed , smashed , shit faced , fucked up etc. 
  you could look at our support for y' all cynically as a cost benefit thing . 
  but i do n't look at it that way . 
  if we abandon you , we abandon our principles and morals . 
  yup . 
  just continue removing all your own agency in your owns minds and transfer it to us . 
  that 's fair . 
  your last point is key . 
  i also do n't think it 's a risk yet . 
  there may be some european circles that are willing to sacrifice the balts for money or something to that effect , but the usa is absolutely , unequivocally against that . 
  it will become a risk when we are willing to do that . 
  we are n't yet . 
  he 's the type of german that i , as an american , have a hard time taking seriously when discussing politics . 
  i love germany , but i do not enjoy discussing politics as an american with germans . 
  if i ever have to do it again in person i will bash my head against a wall . 
  well now i will never fly klm . 
  take that klm . 
  by fucking this romanian dude over you 've lost a potential customer . 
  ( it is probably unlikely i would have ever flown them anyway , i 've only ever flown lufthansa or american to europe ), 
  maybe downvotes because you have no reasons while everyone else in the thread did . 
  i did n't downvote you just to be clear . 
  is that legal ? 
  take the week off , hell , put in a good word for me . 
  i could use some sweet , sweet propoganda roubles . 
  ireland 's finest kite will be sent to the frontline . 
  hes a brit living in sweden . 
  he 's basically a phoney . 
  a big fat phoney . 
  we 're nothing if not predictable . 
  do y' all enjoy messing with the brits or the kiwis more ? 
  them 's fightin ' words, 
  i cant help but picture that as your reaction xd, 
  fuq u , squirtle or gtfo . 
  the uk is so hard to draw from memory . 
  i feel like i can , and then i attempt it and it looks like a down-syndrome version of the uk . 
  unnecessary comment . 
  canadians have a long tradition of talking about things they only kind of understand . 
  i love russians when they go all cyka blyat . 
  it 's endearing, 
  to be fair , i think germans disproportionately hold this view . 
  i 'll get shit for this but i think by constantly pointing at us and trying to uncover each and every shitty thing we 've done they can feel better about themselves and assuage maybe some ww2 guilt or something equally as stupid . 
  i love germany , but so many germans are completely delusional and obessed with the us . 
  do n't bother . 
  i think one of his comments directed at me got deleted but you can still read it in his profile . 
  he called me a gun toting fox news loving insular person . 
  yup , i 'm so insular and focused on the us i 'm commenting on and reading articles about europe in a european subreddit . 
  the guy is out of his element and is making a complete fool of himself . 
  but we did n't do it so much that it hurt the currency . 
  hell some economists are saying the dollar is too strong right nowm, 
  and some approaches work better than others . 
  despite your predictions of us and the brits sinking under our mountain of debt , it has n't happened yet and probably wont . 
  yup . 
  that 's why we are doing so well and the dollar is stronger than it was before the crisis . 
  at least think before you post . 
  many europeans want to be seen as better and more moral than us . 
  even though they could learn a little on how to handle or at least approach mass migration from across the atlantic , they would rather watch their countries burn then take advice from our imperialist , evil , decrepit nation . 
  so because they do n't all march on a single road it 's not a mass exodus ? 
  i 'm a texan . 
  for the last 2 decades millions upon millions of illegal migrants have entered our country and specifically my state . 
  like the others said , you could n't even be fucking bothered to google before mouthing off like an idiot . 
  booooo, 
  i bet that was a terrible surprise . 
  `` ugh , i do n't want to do any of these cool things , why ca n't this city just suck and make me feel less bad about all the stuff i 'm not doing . '', 
  i feel bad saying it but kosovo really is a shit-hole that is in no position to join the eu right now . 
  one of the state department people i worked with was previously posted in kosovo . 
  she always had wonderful things to say about the people . 
  but the country ... 
  i always wanted to see the rest of the world in that movie . 
  and germany is the biggest threat to the disintegration of the eu . 
  how are americans ? 
  we have this image of ourselves as awful tourists but on all my trips to europe i 've always found the italian and chinese ones to be louder and/or more obnoxious .
