  the carrier appearing looks so menacing . 
  i love it !, 
  the great slavic army of alexander the great !, 
  are you actually retarded ? 
  other people have alerted you to the sarcasm in this thread , and you do n't see this , copypasta i might add , as sarcastic ? 
  you bastard !, 
  google translate does not support your own translation . 
  you silly goose . 
  hamlet takes place in a fictionalized denmark as well . 
  he has n't appeared yet . 
  you 're a big fat phoney !, 
  kill it with fucking fire . 
  it 's what happens when you give gays rights . 
  they take all the jerbs . 
  have no idea what that is . 
  well , i did n't until people said it 's in ireland . 
  that thing in chicago is called the bean . 
  i still do n't know why it 's famous . 
  every damn time i walk by it there are tourists taking pictures . 
  it is literally just a reflective giant metal bean . 
  as the british guy said , they have subtly different meanings . 
  lol gotcha . 
  i honestly was n't sure if you were being sarcastic or using that famed german humor , 
  really ? 
  so i guess the word nazi in relation to austria is completely forbidden , but you can bring up the confederacy all you want ? 
  fuck you . 
  you 're a fucking hypocrite and a piece of shit . 
  did i say austria is a nazi state ? 
  i said that equating the minor presence of independence parties to an overall effect of disunity is the same as equating the presence of neonazis in austria to the prevalence of nazism in public society . 
  also that reuter 's poll reeks of bullshit . 
  come back with something that is n't from a fucking blog . 
  of course i 'm fucking pissed . 
  you are making up shit to slander my home . 
  so because there are a few parties with a handful of percentage point support we are n't a united nation ? 
  so i guess austria no longer being nazi is untrue too since there are neonazis . 
  of course i 've fucking seen them . 
  that does n't make them popular . 
  and i 'm calling so much bullshit on you seeing loads of them in new england . 
  i 've been there too multiple times and yet to see a single confederate flag . 
  you are so fucking full of shit . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  i 'm from the south and they are not `` so popular '', 
  no governmental body should ever recommend homeopathy in any situation . 
  this is absolutely ridiculous . 
  if this subreddit is pro-putin , then i 'm the fucking pope . 
  your going to need to source that . 
  it is highly unlikely that anyone would even attempt to force turkey to pay reparations . 
  how the fuck did this law pass ? 
  it 's why we landed on it . 
  could n't have a death laser space station deficit against the soviets . 
  i agree that the context is clear , but in the road just sounds more correct . 
  our babies do n't have guns yet though . 
  until every infant is armed we can never know if this policy will work or not . 
  what really pisses me off are the statues to leopold in brussels . 
  oh jesus you are a white supremacist ... 
  nothing he says is inflammatory or wrong . 
  your comment on the other hand is assine . 
  those pastries ... 
  the memories are making me salivate . 
  that makes sense . 
  i was just curious . 
  or call him out on both . 
  also i 've seen you all over turkish threads . 
  i 'm not going to question if you are american but what is your relationship to turkey ? 
  hittites were indo european . 
  you mean the people of hatti . 
  i generally despise most of your posts . 
  what do you even fucking mean by this ? 
  there are tons of lego stores in many countries including the us . 
  oh i know , but it would still be nice to get some opinions/views of actual europeans , even with all the biases and nature of the reddit population . 
  there 's also a good chance my advisor will think it would be a waste of time to do that for the reasons you gave haha . 
  absolutely . 
  i 'm also highly considering using either this subreddit or askeuropefor interviews to add an anecdotal and i suppose grounded element to it . 
  you think people would be willing to talk quickly over skype and stuff ? 
  in the coming year i will be writing my ba thesis on the formation/existence of a pan-european identity , so this thread is pretty nice . 
  i 'm curious . 
  then what are they ? 
  probably because the mods do n't all speak serbo-croatian . 
  to be fair , the ussr 's combat role in the pacific literally lasted a handful of days . 
  too edgy for physics, 
  it seems they have plenty of salt . 
  of course not . 
  i 'm not saying it is . 
  the far left , regardless of country , seems to have a tendency to lose sight of rationality and pragmatism . 
  as a southerner i resent that statement !!!, 
  we do n't really have a single city with the importance of say paris to france or london to the uk . 
  i suppose new york is the most important , but the gap between it and say la or chicago is n't super huge . 
  dc is not tiny . 
  its metro area makes it one of the largest cities in the country . 
  but yea , for whatever reason americans do n't hate dc at all . 
  and now you 've shot your tourism industry ... 
  i know everyone down voted you , but please tell me you were being sarcastic . 
  sometimes . 
  occasionally . 
  not too often . 
  i felt like french public transit was super quiet compared to america . 
  after typing that i realize that is n't saying much . 
  drones are inbound on your position . 
  i 'm so confused . 
  most canadians are canadians not canadiens .
