  well the fact that corbyn is polling at -39 looks pretty bad do n't you think ? 
  and bernie is a self avowed socialist ( well hes tried now painting it as democratic socialism a la europe ) even though he is n't even one . 
  if you think a socialist has a good chance of winning in the us then i have news for you . 
  what does `` we have funded islamists in the past '' mean to you exactly ? 
  sorry if after the millionth time i 've been ` reminded ' about christianity that i start to find people like you are just apologists for islam 's shitty sides . 
  a lot of us are looking at this from across the ocean and are fucking dumbfounded . 
  i have no doubt what is happening in europe is part of why donald is leading in the polls . 
  for once you guys are affecting our politics . 
  great ... 
  everytime . 
  without fail . 
  when someone criticizes islam someone feels the need to bring christianity into the discussion too . 
  remind me again why labour chose corbyn ? 
  everything i 've read about him makes him seem more unelectable than bernie . 
  yea this seemed pretty harmless . 
  oh my fucking god i both want to take a peek and kind of do n't . 
  it 's a us thing that minors are n't mature enough to give consent to adults ? 
  that is a human nature thing . 
  a 13 year old is not developed enough mentally to consent to sex with an adult because the agency the adult has over the child by definition takes away consent and thus by definition makes this rape . 
  if what you say is true this is one area where i 'm happy were djfferent . 
  maybe they 'll do it in a better way . 
  i wish my dad was clooney . 
  i just fundamentally disagree with you on this , but i do n't think if a company 's business model is environmentally unsustainable ( whatever that * actually * means once you try to put it into practice ) it should not be allowed to exist . 
  personally , i think we need our economy as strong as possible to develop ways to combat climate change , not to weaken it in the hopes that our changes will be enough . 
  i guess it 's an issue of being prepared for the shit that will come despite any changes we make right this second . 
  i do n't mean pollute pollute pollute to better our economies , but i mean that i am against sometime that would undoubtedly hurt our economy . 
  hehe . 
  i should tell him to sell his own company because pretty soon he wo n't be able to do it . 
  sounds like a great idea . 
  i 'm sure there will be some great replacement for a man of my dad 's very specific skills ... 
  i gave ano example in the next line ... 
  the economy did n't manage fine ... think about this . 
  what do you think led to the larger economies today ? 
  well , increased efficiency and productive output produced by new technologies and policies . 
  planes are an invention that allow for the rapid movement of people and thus services and ideas . 
  without planes i do n't see the economy being as strong and vibrant . 
  i mean hell , the economy was `` fine '' ( read : there was an economy ) before steam power and mechanization so i guess we do n't need those either . 
  you can say it 's not sustainable but first , thats your opinion that many disagree with , and secondly the world economy literally relies on it . 
  climate change may be a fact , but saying that we need to reduce airline emmisions to save the planet is a stretch that you wo n't get many on board with . 
  also i 'm sure we can find other ways to `` save the planet '' without destroying the airline industry and our own economies . 
  how about cutting car exhaust emmisions ? 
  i mean there are less radical solutions that do n't destroy industries that require people to fly constantly , industries that have a lot of money so this proposal is moot anyway . 
  the entire finance industry would shoot this down in a second . 
  my father flies ( sometimes up to and generally around ) 4 days a week . 
  you ( not * actually * you ) do the math on how much that would cost him based on this idea . 
  those are in holy places though , and the direct equivalents are the steps one must take before entering a mosque , which i do n't think many people here have an issue with . 
  y' all are a special case considering what 's said about greece . 
  even if you hate the place it 's hard to watch someone call your people lazy and worthless . 
  or in my case , fat and stupid . 
  well , a lot of my countrymen are fat and stupid , but so many are n't and that 's why the us is still able to fuck around in the world doing good and bad . 
  but you get some nice pride to balance it out . 
  your experience sucks , but you spoke in just as large generalities . 
  my , and most families i know , would not disown their children for being an atheist . 
  mine 's also anecdotal , but my point is that the south is n't all bad . 
  and i never said it was perfect , all of my comments said it was n't , but it 's not as bad you make it out to be . 
  it 's hard to read sarcasm over the internet . 
  sometimes people say that stuff seriously . 
  all good . 
  i mean that there is now some mutual respect between races and we understand each other better . 
  it 's not fucking perfect but it 's getting better and that 's what matters to me . 
  stop . 
  you 're just being annoying . 
  yes ? 
  so what . 
  i already said there are religious people in the south , and many of them are quite stupid . 
  that does n't mean the south is some bastion of religion where you will be questioned everyday about what church you go to . 
  i was an atheist growing up , and that was n't exactly a challenge . 
  turns out he is from the south and just wants to shit on it like the rest of reddit . 
  the south still has some problems like anywhere else , but it is doing really well right now and having lived in both the south and north i would say race relations might even be better now in the south . 
  they are n't perfect but they have gotten so much better than the 50s, 
  great . 
  then you 're one of the `` enlightened '' americans who moved to europe and shits all over your home to fit in ... are there a lot of religious people in the south ? 
  yes . 
  is it even hard to be non-religious ? 
  maybe small town bumfuck mississipi is hard , but if you move to a city , and cities are where most people live , then you 'll find most people do n't give a fuck what you do . 
  `` take refuge '' is the correct term but english is a pretty resilient language so you can make up your own verbs pretty easily , nor everyone will understand you though . 
  obviously not . 
  i 'm from the south . 
  there are plenty of religious people but i do n't think it 's as in your face as reddit likes to say . 
  religion does n't really come up in conversation much . 
  not in greenland . 
  iceland was uninhabited . 
  i ca n't remember if greenland was uninhabited at first , then the viking colony failed and that 's when the inuits came or if they were there all along . 
  this is the greatest english accent ever . 
  i do n't think i can listen to it for more tha 5 minutes though . 
  it 's a joke . 
  we need a sidepar post for executivemonkey . 
  i 've only ever seen him comment in turkey related threads here and he is always pro-turkey . 
  i mean , i have no idea if he is an american-turk or not , but he definitely has some connection to turkey . 
  i 'm not saying he 's lying when he says he has no turkish blood , but , well , i do n't completely believe him either . 
  if you read this woeskie do n't feel like you have to prove anything , but you might want to explain why you are so pro-turkey if you want people to take you seriously . 
  then that 's even more confusing . 
  why use the we then ? 
  you can not possibly believe the majority of americans studying ir support turkey . 
  i 'm an ir major too , and i have n't met anyone that supports turkey in this . 
  well you should consider changing your flair then . 
  when you use we with the us flair when clearly talking as a turk it 's a bit confusing . 
  i do n't believe the majority of us americans who even know what this is about support turkey over the aegean dispute . 
  the greeks control almost every island , so yes the aegean is their lake . 
  yes , and ?
