  so because we have a fuck load of illegals you can just shove your head in the sand until you have as many as us ? 
  you play the contrarian in a number of threads . 
  you are free to do that but it annoys me . 
  you going to ban me now ? 
  according to jeff i 'm a shit poster . 
  feel free to criticize free speech but do n't act fucking surprised when people get pissed at you for it . 
  your first comment is fucking massive . 
  i 've read through all your comments and my opinion is unchanged so you can drop the victim act over that . 
  i do n't even know why you care so much . 
  by commenting that the posts here are the same as r/news i assume the person who said that meant it in a negative way . 
  which of course means because you two do not consider yourselves part of this new change you are thus superior . 
  there . 
  you happy . 
  do you two feel nice and smug with that sense of superiority ? 
  keep it up !, 
  i did n't read every single one of them . 
  he posted like 20 walls of texts in this thread . 
  i read the ones that were in response to me . 
  i do n't need to read every stupid reason he gives for not supporting freedom of speech . 
  i 've seen him pull this shit in other threads . 
  he has been getting under my nerves for a while now . 
  not every idea needs a contrarian point of view . 
  did i shitpost ? 
  i voiced my opinion and fully admitted it was harsh . 
  i do n't have to respect him . 
  he does n't have to respect me . 
  end of story . 
  what i resent is his self righteous attitude that he ca n't be called out on his own statements . 
  i do n't care if he is arguing against free speech as a thought experiment , i resent the very fact that he is arguing against it at all . 
  free speech is something that i do not think needs to be challenged . 
  we fundamentally disagree on that . 
  calm your tits . 
  i was saying i didnt read all your walls of texts in this thread . 
  i 'm not going to comment again . 
  feel free to if you want . 
  i do n't know why you care what an idiot from america thinks about you . 
  i honestly i had n't been arsed to read the part where you said this was a thought exercise . 
  i 'm all for allowing people to voice their opinions , even if they are anti free speech . 
  but i do not need to respect you for it . 
  that 's absurd in my opinion . 
  edit : by arsed to read i meant all his other posts in the thread . 
  they were all long diatribes that were painful to get through and all have the same basic message of speech should be controlled in certain situations . 
  i disagree with that basic premise except in very specific cases like inciting violence such as screaming fire in a theater or saying that we should kill all black people . 
  though even with that last one i 'm not 100 % that even that should be illegal . 
  free speech is something that is so important to me i do n't want people playing devils advocate . 
  maybe i 'm wrong in that line of thinking , and you are free to dislike me for it . 
  i did n't downvote any of your posts . 
  that would be hypocritical of me . 
  i 'm not saying you are a bad person , just that i used to respect you and now i do n't as much . 
  i 'm sorry that there is n't a good way to say that or that i 'm incapable of doing it . 
  i 've lost a lot of respect for you because of this . 
  i 'm heavily involved in lgbt issues and previously worked for the human rights campaign . 
  i do n't think this is just the american in me speaking when i say that limitations on free speech should be kept to an absolute minimum . 
  it 's the idiotic side of the left , that 's for sure . 
  maybe it 's time we discuss the role of islam . 
  maybe it 's time we discuss the fact that all cultures , ideologies , and religions are not created equal . 
  all men are created equal ; that does not mean all ideas are . 
  until we can have this discussion like mature adults without one side screaming racists and the other screaming liberal feminazis or whatever the far right is saying , the issue , and islam in europe sadly has become an issue , will only get worse . 
  i had no idea we sold our coal to other countries . 
  your y' all game is on point . 
  keep it up . 
  i 'm not sure maskirovka works that well anymore . 
  look it up on wikipedia , but in the past it was incredibly effective . 
  nowadays all our governments know about it and are fucking tired of russia 's shit . 
  his argument is that he was prejudiced against . 
  the court will decide whether he actually was . 
  there have been enough rumors pointing to the fact that he instigated the event . 
  he was not sent to the principal immediately . 
  he showed up to the school with the clock , set it to go off in class . 
  by the second class the teacher told him to put it in his locker . 
  he refused . 
  he was sent to the principal . 
  the principal asked him what it was and he would n't say , at which point the cops were called . 
  i believe the valedictorian 's story lends credence to the fact the school is not prejudiced . 
  it is a piece of evidence that the school has not historically been prejudiced . 
  i was talking bout the english language as a whole . 
  but yea , i guess you can discount pissed . 
  no one says that here . 
  seriously ? 
  obviously the courts will decide , but the valedictorian is a large piece of evidence that counters ahmeds argument . 
  also the valedictorian came out and criticized him : http://insider.foxnews.com/2015/12/02/muslim-valedictorian-defends-former-high-school-clock-kid-ahmed-mohamed, 
  because not all male rape is by other men ? 
  he 's not going to get shit . 
  his suit is based on the school being prejudiced . 
  well the last valedictorian from the school was a muslim girl , so , fuck ahmed and really fuck his piece of shit parents . 
  are you surprised by that ? 
  it 's easy to say israel is unrelated to the holocaust , but germany will never forget that it mercilessly slaughtered 6 million jews and will find it hard for at least the forseable future to act against a jewish states interest . 
  bud light is only for beer pong , slap cup , dice , or some other drinking game that requires large amounts of easy to drink alcohol . 
  it is perfect for that . 
  no game will ever top the pure hilarity of edward 40 hands . 
  though let 's not forget how many americans actually just drink bud light casually . 
  i descend from a proud line of hicks and rednecks , and my uncle for example will sit in his chair and down bud lights while watching nascar . 
  also his name is bunky . 
  texas is my home and always will be even when i inevitably move away to other states and countries . 
  i was being hyperbolic . 
  my ancestors somehow survived on their shitty little farm in east texas without ac . 
  i do n't know how but they did it . 
  lol dude that was n't patronizing at all . 
  i 've always heard grass first but it never ends up that way for me . 
  i do n't like going to parties high so i inevitably always drink first , then i 'm drunk and ca n't make non retarded decisions and smoke when drunk and puke .
