  but if you actually read what she was saying she is basically correct . 
  in these sorts of crises , the eu is bumbling and incompetent . 
  it 's very nature as a collection of 28 , often competing interests makes it woefully unsuited for a crisis like in ukraine , or even in the eurozone itself . 
  that was terrible whataboutism , and not even correct . 
  is there much benefit to keeping germany in nato nowadays ? 
  i understand it would be hard ( understatement ) to argue for their expulsion , and their economic and political position makes them important , but in military terms they bring little to the alliance , and politically they are at odds with many of its members . 
  i 'm not just talking about being at odds with the us and unyieldingly critical of it , whether justified or not . 
  germany appears to give half a shit about eastern europe . 
  yes , this is a controversial question , but i 'm genuinely curious in the discussion and perhaps some more context . 
  that 's welsh !, 
  because we have never really fought france . 
  anyone that has would n't really make it . 
  we should basically have a stupid amount of spare logistics capacity at all times barring ww3 because , well , we would need a shit ton in the case of ww3 . 
  as a texan , the day i call myself a yank is the day i die inside . 
  turkey deserves quite a lot then . 
  new nature reserve ^ possibly ^ ^ part ^ ^ of ^ ^ the ^ ^ plan, 
  our bad . 
  our fear of law enforcement teaches us to do that in the safety of our own homes ( or other people 's homes if you 're shit faced at a party ), 
  they are part of nato . 
  so ... no . 
  someone should check if he got pinkeye . 
  it 's beautiful !, 
  you are correct . 
  that quest was so creepy . 
  no , but the embassy or consulate will procure you a new one ... 
  that is literally just wrong . 
  if an american loses their passport they can go to any american embassy or consulate and speak with actual , certified diplomats . 
  i 'm not going to downvote anyone calm down, 
  yea . 
  pretty much . 
  race is more complex than simple appearance . 
  because it is weird , and is something that really annoyed me about my time in europe . 
  many people there would openly tell me how racist america is and then say ignorant shit like that . 
  just because i pass for white does n't actually mean i 'm 100 % white . 
  what the fuck ? 
  why are you taking this personally ? 
  i was pointing out to him that , yes , he is right from the german perspective , but in english , and we are talking in english , umlauts refer to the diacretics . 
  i was n't positive but now i am . 
  it took like a 2 second google search . 
  because race is not a binary black vs white thing . 
  i should n't need to explain this . 
  yes . 
  the name m\u00fcller is generally transliterated as mueller . 
  i 'm sorry bob_in_the_west but you are literally just wrong about most of this . 
  ( or , at least , you are right from the german perspective but wrong from the english one , umlauts can refer to the hungarian letters too . ), 
  maybe in german umlaute is just the term for the actual letters , but in english umlauts specifically refer to the diacretics . 
  why did you bring race into this ? 
  even when it 's with an o or an a ? 
  i thought the umlauts were just the dots . 
  my german class always called \u00fc '' u umlaut '' . 
  i know to be really pedantic they are just diacretics . 
  dots are called umlauts . 
  i studied it for 3 years in college and lived in vienna for 3 months and my german is still complete shit . 
  obviously a lot of that is my fault for not trying harder , but it was so * hard * . 
  yea . 
  do n't ask me to explain english anything because i do n't understand it , i just * know * it . 
  german is a fucking bitch to learn as an english speaker imo . 
  i found spanish infinitely easier . 
  edit : i also grew up in texas around spanish speakers and thus i have a `` slight '' mexican accent when speaking spanish so that might effect my bias . 
  actually , i 'm just going to go ahead and say that 's the entire bias . 
  move along everyone . 
  nothing to see here . 
  there 's a difference between sitting on your ass and shitting on people that did nothing to you . 
  i 'm referring to far left protests in general . 
  this one is just inconveniencing innocents . 
  i will never be convinced that this is the way to good change . 
  but why do innocent people 's shit need to be broken ? 
  why do far left `` protesters '' feel the need to set fire to any car they consider a rich person 's ? 
  they are n't warriors for progress , they 're just assholes . 
  the problem , and the reason i do n't associate with the left , is that many leftists are so idealistic they do n't think they 're side can do any wrong . 
  so when their side does do wrong , they literally ca n't believe it and thus make no effort to improve . 
  a lot of israelis think they do n't need us at all . 
  smart ... . 
  i thought that game was just a caricature . 
  i did n't * really * think anything like that still existed outside of nk . 
  i guess i was naive . 
  i 'm not even italian and that made me gag . 
  i do n't care that a kurd or whoever that was said that . 
  i think it 's a stupid statement , just as many of the statements in that thread are stupid . 
  that does n't mean you should turn this terror attack into a way to make the `` kurds '' look bad . 
  the pkk does a good enough job of that by itself , or it would if the turkish government 's pr and the image they project to the world was n't completely incompetent . 
  the top voted comment is just condolences . 
  do you want people to post the comments from / r/turkey threads about similar things ? 
  those are generally just as , if not more , disgusting then some of the stuff written there . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/45kwbv/turkish_artillery_is_shelling_ypg_positions_in/ considering that this was artillery fired from miles away without spotters , civilians undoubtedly died in this and have definitely died in some of the other strikes , yet look at the comments . 
  just as disgusting as some of the kurds in / r/kurdistan . 
  he looks almost exactly like my grandpa . 
  same height too going off the picture posted . 
  the hobbits have spread to other continents it seems . 
  the majority of americans do not agree with the drivel you just wrote . 
  if someone thinks , for some reason , that the us is better than sweden they are in denial ? 
  my best friend 's dad is swedish ( his mom is jewish , oy vey ) and moved here 25 years ago and has no wish to move back to sweden . 
  is he in denial ? 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  aside from the brits , the europeans were pretty uninvolved in that theater . 
  why are you here then ? 
  i do eat my cheese like an animal . 
  do n't trigger me bruh . 
  you wo n't like me when i 'm triggered . 
  oh i know .
