  it 's from brazil . 
  can confirm , do n't know any stereotypes about slovaks . 
  not to the same degree , no . 
  yes there are some gangs in europe . 
  no , they do not constantly kill each other and terrorize entire sections of the city like here in chicago . 
  is this for a work visa ? 
  i went through all the same stuff for my internship in vienna this summer . 
  turkey and greece should really just hate fuck the shit out of each other . 
  y' all talk funny . 
  the vile cesspool that is / r/nba, 
  26 million americans still identify as english american . 
  and kraft dinner . 
  there are plenty of christians in the us that are n't evangelicals . 
  the majority even . 
  your average episcopalian church goer would most likely not be laughed out of a random german church . 
  so turks are zombies from the world war z movie ? 
  yup . 
  finland totally did that . 
  why would we have overthrown mubarak ? 
  likewise is there any evidence we had anything to do with sisi coming to power or do you just assume we did ? 
  and we did n't start the civil war in libya . 
  gaddafi had already lost the eastern half of the country when we got involved . 
  there 's no real point in trying to improve the image of the us in turkey . 
  it 's been shit for years and will be shit for years to come . 
  also , coups during the cold war does n't mean the us had anything to do with this one , though now everyone in turkey seems to think we orchestrated it . 
  if we.had it would n't have been such an incompetent shit show . 
  investigate does n't imply detain . 
  fantastic argument . 
  bismarck allowed the ems telegram to be so antagonistic , but napoleon iii was still the one who decided to declare war and invade prussia . 
  he might have been able to stop the war , but french aggression started it . 
  the bombs were originally developed with an eye towards nuking germany . 
  whatever joke or political statement you were going for here failed . 
  it does n't exist anymore . 
  there is n't much oil money in syria , and the oil that does exist has been under isis control for years . 
  he 's a british expat in japan . 
  ( only remember that because he 's the only japanese flaired commenter i ever see ), 
  i said i wished ; not that it will happen : /, 
  i wish a mod would finally ban your nationalistic drivelings . 
  this whole fiasco has nothing at all to do with the pkk and everything to do with the arrogance and stupidity of your country . 
  im texan and that 's a myth that a lot of us seem to fall for . 
  there was actually a court ruling after the civil war in which texas tried to argue this point and lost . 
  i swear to god if your flair does n't go back to an american one i 'm calling the ~ ~ gestapo ~ ~ mods . 
  hyperbole much . 
  but probably because in most american accents would 've sounds exactly like would of . 
  very creepy to look through a public , anonymous profile . 
  mods need to sticky `` dedicated troll '' to his name . 
  you take that back !, 
  gross . 
  you 're right . 
  though two people `` laying together '' sounds formal or like something from the victorian era . 
  he 's being sarcastic . 
  it was pretty obvious . 
  the sun rays reaching over your border do kind of look provocative . 
  low quality trolling . 
  point to where on the doll the yank hurt you . 
  yes . 
  it 's our fault franco won your civil war . 
  it 's a quote from starship troopers . 
  which community is that ? 
  inquiring minds wish to know . 
  not all trans people have or even will undergo gender reassignment surgery . 
  though i do have serious doubts about many trans people being suited for the military . 
  even without adding hormone therapy into the mix , trans people deal with a lot of inherent mental issues ( i hate that term , i treat my depression and that 's a mental issue too ) that , in my opinion , do not put them in the best position to succeed in the military . 
  who and where do you think the palace eunuchs came from ? 
  just as one example . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery_in_the_ottoman_empire and before the inevitable , yes i also know about the horrors of american chattel slavery, 
  so by your argument it was never native land . 
  not the uk 's fault argentina decided to invade . 
  just because many people are cunts on the internet does n't mean you have to be one of them . 
  * i * think it 's mostly a good thing , but i think conservatives have a fair point as well . 
  what makes politics so interesting , but also so challenging , is when society has to collectively decide whether to find a balance between viewpoints or agree with the claim of one side or another . 
  just to use an example , nowadays we do not generally ascribe a basic level of income as a `` right '' that each person has ( although you could argue that 's what the social safety net is ) , but who 's to say that in the next decade or so certain parties begin to argue that each human has an intrinsic right to a certain amount of money and the ability to purchase goods beyond necessities that comes with it . 
  i 'm generally left , but that is a fair point that from the conservative point of view the goalposts keep moving and the number of fundamental `` rights '' keep increasing . 
  had one at the flat i lived at in vienna . 
  are you trolling or every conspiracy theory and wacky idea given ` human ' form ? 
  if this republic you speak of is built on a foundation of fighting fluoride and killing the bankers than i 'll gladly stand against it . 
  y u do this polan ? 
  farm to table beaches . 
  liberia is a good example . 
  not really ` invaded ' but the country was founded for freed american slaves who then became the ruling class over the natives . 
  author is german, 
  probably not for people in similar situations to him . 
  my best friend is half jewish , in the similar vein where the entirety of his moms side is jewish , but he could n't give less of a shit about israel . 
  the strikes began when gaddafi 's forces were moving towards cyrenaica , which had already completely fallen to rebel forces . 
  the civil war had been in full swing when the strikes began, 
  and height . 
  i 'm a perfect sphere , the first of my kind . 
  get out of my way , 5 ' 6 '' moving through . 
  sadly that type of person pulls the same shit in the us , and * enjoys * doing it . 
  it 's like a game to some to see how much money they can `` save '' ( rip off ) people by claiming subpar service or just arguing until they get their way . 
  my countrymen can definitely be loud and ignorant , but unless in that ignorance they are doing something actually bad like berating serving staff or trying to cheat hotels out of money , they are n't really that bad . 
  when i lived in vienna , most people i spoke to there said americans were fine , with the biggest knocks against us being our abysmal fashion sense when vacationing . 
  there 's no comparison between brits in europe and americans in europe . 
  maybe american spring breakers in mexico , but those of us who are able to shell out a shit ton of money to fly over the atlantic are n't doing it to piss in fountains and get in fights . 
  of course ni is crying . 
  something tells me most irish would prefer not to leave most of their defenses in the hands of the brits . 
  still if they would rather have the money than spend it on weapons so be it . 
  you 're gon na need to point out those comments . 
  i lurk here a ton and while some people are anti israel i have n't seen people justifying attacks on innocents , and it 's definitely not the prevailing opinion . 
  also this attack has nothing to do with israel , so get off your soapbox .
