  it is understandable why you might not know about it considering recent events seem to have put us and turkey at odds but even then they seemed to back turkey against russia . 
  it is very obviously due the position of turkey and wanting to have another ally in middle-east aside from israel to keep a hold in the region but it is an alliance non the less . 
  unrelated but why do french speakers put exclamation marks and question marks after a space in sentences ? 
  it is sort of cute but always seemed out of place to me . 
  well allies are made due mutual interest . 
  us is the nation that has backed turkey up repeatedly in its foreign policy and seems to support turkish interests in the area most . 
  us also has a history of supporting us since 80s as well . 
  they are our closest ally . 
  i would liken it to funnily enough franco-ottoman alliance of old , it is an alliance of mutual interest even though the populations might not like each other all that much . 
  our closest ally is the us . 
  a little bit too close perhaps . 
   europeans did n't want turkey in the eu because there was a lot of radical islamists over there . 
  before erdogan 's regime , in 90s , turkey was a lot more radical about having religion out of instutition . 
   there were regular honor killings and forced child marriages in turkey 15 years ago , it probably still happens today yes it was a common phenomenon in southeast , i do n't know if it still is but i do n't think it is as common . 
   i just see turkey being turkey , same as it 's always been . 
  not in politics , no . 
  just what the fuck are you talking about relativism ? 
  do you even know what relativism is ? 
  i have talked in absolute terms regarding personal freedom as a scope not relative and i did n't make any statements about race yet you say i institute racism . 
  are you sure your brain did n't cook arguing against too many swedish leftists that you are now projecting this ideology to everyone who does n't agree with you ? 
  i have n't backtracked either , you asserted i support an ideology , which i did n't and which i said i did n't now you call it backtracking , just what are you on about ? 
  it feels like your train of thought is incoherent and you are projecting upon me , making me a bullseye for things you want to say to your own politicians or others who you disagree with . 
  it is absurd . 
   i have stated earlier that europe has had periods of decline of these values for majority of its history you mean ? 
  besides , what part of europe ? 
  greece , italy , france , spain and russia for example have different amounts of individual freedoms at different parts of history . 
  italy had several republics while france was an absolute monarchy for example . 
   it \u00b4 s not a romantic view of europe , its what happened . 
  what you described is what happened but your view of it is romantic , disregarding all the parts that has happened in europe as not western and only accepting what you consider good to be as western . 
  if you equate west to individual freedom and disregard everything else that has happened in europe , the west , as not part of the west , that 's romanticising it . 
   i also am very well aware that ancient greece was not a democratic heaven , in fact only a handfull of city states were democratic and they were outnumbered vastly by different oligarchies and dictatorships . 
  even the democracies of ancient greece had large number of slaves , often outnumbering actual citizens . 
   there was never anything like it in persia untill alexander temporarily imposed a greek administration on its provinces and that didnt last long because none of the populace adheres to western values and none of the elites do . 
  the reason alexander 's empire has fallen has less to do with personal freedoms he granted and more to do with him imposing his rule over an unwilling population . 
  also i am talking about rights of peoples under achaemenid empire before alexander 's conquest . 
  there is no more symbolic fight between west versus east than greek city states and persians . 
  i assume your position on the `` west '' is the greco-roman civilization . 
   however , they employed a model of citizenship that was inherently racist you are thinking of rashidun caliphate which gave more rights to arabs . 
  abbasids were made of many ethnicities and belief was the determining factor not race . 
   ultimately decided to err on the side of allah , which stopped them from making progress beyond a certain point political turmoil and military instability is what halted their progress . 
  although this is all unrelated i do n't think abbasids or any society whose social standards are based on abrahamic teachings of submission can be for individual freedoms . 
  abbasids did have a certain degree of individual freedom but that was a result of not adhering to every abrahamic teaching rather than due them . 
  which is a phenomenon in contemporary europe as well . 
   sweden certainly has had periods of un-western societies , such as the vikings . 
  however , dont confuse womens suffrage with democracy , the fact that everyone gets to vote is a radical idea . 
  were n't you tone one advocating freedom of individual as the west . 
  also vikings is not a society , it is part of swedish history before christianity . 
  i was n't talking about pre-christianity sweden but rather 1600s . 
   the traditional democratic system is that property owners and those with `` skin in the game '' get to vote , in a world where women had only the household to work it doesnt surprise me that women werent allowed to vote . 
  neither me but is n't the whole idea of only those with power having a say in the politics of the nation a little bit against your definition of `` the west '' ? 
  your definition of west seems too idealized and romanticized to me , picking certain aspects of europe you consider quality and not accepting anything else as west but rather decline of it . 
  middle-east used to accept greco-roman culture as part of their heritage as well up until europe decided it is their realm and called monopoly on it . 
  my worldview is not relativists neither i adhere to cultural relativism buzzword you are talking about . 
  not only are you talking about things i have never said , you are arguing against an ideology you think i represent but i do n't . 
  if you want to see examples of personal freedom granted by the political powers . 
  you can see iranian civilizations for example . 
  not too long ago in europe there were also practised forms of suppression , you are looking at history with a romanticised viewpoint . 
  sweden itself for example had laws regarding inheritance like islam had few centuries ago regarding women , not too long ago women were n't allowed to vote in many european countries . 
  europe has at large grew out of these ideas of inequality and i commend them for it but it was 40 years ago spain was still a fascist regime and 30 years ago from that an european nation deemed some people not worthy of being alive based on category of their birth or even considered human . 
  do i blame europeans who live today for this or europe as a whole for sins committed by few ? 
  certainly not but you claim all of europe 's heritage as a whole but do n't accept any of the negatives the same way and you romanticise antiquity whose ideals were also shared by all mediterranean civilizations while dismissing those as not part of the west . 
  you have made `` the west '' and ideal of individual freedom , which concurrently could be accepted but do n't extrapolate this to rest of history . 
  i dislike people who self-insert to history or project politics of today to rest of history without realizing those ideals simply did n't exist back then . 
  istanbul is northwest turkey , it only makes sense if america 's population comes from northwest as well . 
  also donald trump already has towers in istanbul , something can be arranged . 
  it comes with a fifth of turkey 's population , free of charge . 
  turkey hosts more refugees than lebanon and jordan . 
  eu 's aim of trying to strike a deal with turkey is exactly because it can stop the refugee flow to europe , something lebanon or jordan ca n't . 
  if europe was about human rights they would help lebanon or jordan as you said , they are n't , they just want turkey to do their dirty work . 
  i am sorry lad but you are already in that `` axis of evil '' since you are also allied with saudi arabia . 
  it was doing alright for 70 years when it had its dictators , a necessary evil to keep the ethnic tensions under control but when a power vacuum took its place , it inevitably went into a downwards spiral with many groups seeking self-determination . 
  in any case i said above syrians started syrian civil war but to deny any responsibility from the powers that drew its borders , supported different sides and created that power vacuum ? 
  how is it not disingenuous . 
  it also has parallels in afghanistan and libya which did not help the situation as a whole either . 
  well the borders of syria and iraq were drawn by foreign powers with no regards to possible ethnic or religious tensions and a puppet government was set into place and it was quite unstable to begin with during ww1 with many factions . 
  after western powers drew out , the place was taken by secular dictators , most recently such as saddam and assad . 
  who have been tried to toppled by western powers . 
  the former got taken apart by us which set a power vacuum allowing insurgents to gain power in there , the latter suffered indirectly from it since isis was born in iraq . 
  furthermore there is this whole deal with us backing up islamic rebels to help them in afghanistan and their close relationships with saudi arabia . 
  as well as turkey 's support of extremist groups in the area to help reduce the influence of kurdish insurgents in turkey . 
  nato also supported many groups in this civil war to further their interests , as well as russia supporting assad because they are a close ally . 
  you then have the whole qatar-turkey pipeline aims so that 's why qatar supported islamic rebels . 
  saudis likely support rebel groups because they do n't want shia iran gaining more leverage in syria . 
  so it is hardly all their fault . 
  that 's true , syrians did start the syrian civil war . 
  however foreign powers set the situation up and kept the fires going , including turkey . 
  i have said that because aside from the 6bn it sounded like a fair trade to me with money on top of it . 
  that 6bn will be used by member states to build infrastructure to handle refugees . 
   visa for turkish people what exactly is wrong with this ? 
  it is a travel visa for tourists . 
   ` joining the eu talks ' no , it is about most of turkish european ascension articles being frozen . 
  turkey wo n't make it anyway because it does n't fit the criteria but let it take place instead of freezing it ? 
   trading human for human deal ( resettlement ) so you would rather have illegals with no regulation and are not actual refugees roaming about instead ? 
   20 years ago human rights and cyprus where still hot issues . 
  they were but politicians tried harder to solve them . 
  now they do n't think it matters even if they solved those records , as you stated due history and culture , turkey would not be admitted . 
   but it does not make us primarily accountable or responsible to accept migrants history ? 
  of course not . 
  however i do n't think events currently taking place middle-east since late 90s are quite history yet . 
   you play the victim card , and that is something turkey does not get to play .
