  well is n't sweden a democracy ? 
  if there is demand for parties with different views on it , it would get votes would n't they ? 
  if i remember correctly sweden rated fairly high on democracy scale . 
  or rather voter base could voice their opinions on the issue and parties would likely develop different opinions if need be . 
  likely the reason why all parties that similar opinions is if majority of the population do share those opinions . 
  well you can say that about every country . 
  if you were rich and had private teachers for your children in a walled mansion with armed guards , obviously it does n't matter which country you are in . 
  also it is about people leaving en masse , rather than individuals leaving their country , in which i agree with you personal preference matters more , not only in economical or educational aspects but also in culture , scenery , people and such . 
  they do n't need to vote for left or right specifically . 
  i am sure there are parties on both sides that are rational about the immigrant issues that while inviting refugees and other immigrants is virtuous and does have certain specific benefits , there are obvious cultural differences and problems they bring , especially if they are the conservative , poor or uneducated , which should neither be ignored nor made into a race bait . 
  if only so many countries were n't in bed with saudi arabia since ww1 . 
  what a world it would be without wahhabism , saudi funded mosques all over the world and western backed extremist groups of saudi origin . 
  why would they flee the country ? 
  sweden has problems currently yes but it is still one of the best countries in the world . 
  all they have to do is elect a party that does n't go to one extreme or the other in immigrant issues . 
  i found the ending weird as well also not enough detail in pre-partition polish history . 
  especially polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  it is hard for me to enjoy these sort of simple animations as a history autist however , once you go that way , you ca n't really enjoy shallow content such as this any more . 
  edit : i got really triggered by the length of the hussar 's lances for example . 
  democracy is too much for some people . 
  you ca n't ride over forests . 
  you rather traffic of istanbul keep being as jammed as it is around two of the bridges ? 
  if you want to see forests , there are plenty in rest of turkey in lower population density areas , especially in north coast . 
  that being said the buildings that replace the forests tend to be very ugly , yes , there is certainly room for improvement in that area so they do n't build same concentrate walls . 
  should have called it former yugoslav republic of fyrom . 
  brits tend to ignore most of their history due their empire 's past propaganda to silence opposition . 
  spanish , russian , greek , arabic , japanese , korean , swedish are my favourite languages to listen to . 
  i dislike dutch and german , rest of slavic languages except polish which sounds to me like a more refined version of russian , rest of scandinavian languages . 
  indifferent about my own language , i think it is nice for singing but monotone when spoken , overall does n't invoke any feelings in me . 
  plan xiv more like , louis xiv . 
  it is like an elaborate movie plot . 
  they helped erdogan get to power now they have been taken down by erdogan 's party . 
  what goes around comes around . 
  i hate this meme turks repeat about liderlik vasf\u0131 . 
  well this alternate universe was based on current political climate , no ? 
  everyone would obviously want an utophia otherwise . 
  it is , if it were to happen in 3 years with all this polarization and indoctrination . 
  i dislike our government but wikipedia is shady for these sort of political information , many sources which are opinion pieces or speculations are presented as facts there . 
  i do n't consider this just for information about turkey but everything since i am a fan of history and like to see actual facts rather than opinion or national pride . 
  those citations are not from turkish sources and seems like speculations rather than facts . 
  i do n't see why current government would follow \u00d6zal doctrine made after second coup with more hostile relations with greece . 
  it seems a little bit too far fetched for me . 
  the smugglers or the bribed guards are not instructed by the government and they are only working for their own benefit . 
  the deal with moroccans ( and many other visa free countries ) existed way before this whole refugee crisis . 
  there is no conspiracy to drown europe in refugees , if there was , we would be doing a very poor job considering we have more refugees than whole of europe combined . 
   2017 retake constantinople  2018 : have more turks , kurds and syrians in greece than greeks ftfy, 
  i liked it better when he called erdogan make-shift dictator . 
  damn the original by that armenian band is p. fucking awesome , thanks for the link . 
  when are cypriots uniting anyway ? 
  at least 60 % of the country does n't vote for his party but parliamentary democracy is a wonderful system . 
  i like that serbians ca n't keep their butthurt under control . 
  thanks , i did n't know . 
  i am not exactly knowledgeable in history of uk aside from the widely known ones ( norman invasion , the east indian company , industrial revolution ) . 
  there is limited if any saudi influence in turkey as far as islam goes . 
  since mosques and other religious institutions here are state regulated , wahhabi ideology is not taught . 
  has n't this been a historical tradition since 18th century after uk overtook netherlands as richest country ? 
  london being the absolute economic power house with no equal but rest of uk being below the standards of other western european countries ? 
  that 's not what most of the western media says is it ? 
  turkey has been scapegoat for failed us policies in the middle-east . 
  how about no ? 
  why get so sensitive about an obvious joke ? 
  i found it funny . 
  such is life . 
  pros : good food , good music , good scenery cons : the rest, 
  i did n't expect that . 
  islamic culture has very nice elements as well , it produced some cool music and literature . 
  do n't equate post-19th century saudi arabia with all of islamic culture , it has a millennium of history before it . 
  arab culture can be cool , yes . 
  turkey does n't have much of it , we do have some of it but we are more influenced by persian and byzantine culture , with a touch of greek , armenian and balkan as well . 
  well , turkey is a middle-eastern country . 
  the situation is very unfortunate though , yes . 
  i 'll have the history books , please . 
  currently i think it is best we stay at an arm 's length with europe . 
  everywhere i go , journalism is memes . 
  western journalism is memes , our journalism is memes , russian and eastern journalism are memes . 
  can we have some objective journalism with political and military figure insight instead of random people that know nothing of geopolitics or history trying to stir up people with sensationalism ? 
  i did n't notice europe never had authoritarian regimes . 
  while that video is an entertaining one , the new group did n't kill every last one . 
  what happened was the peoples got conquered by assyrians , babylonians , persians , greeks , romans , byzantines , arabs , getting assimilated to each group in the process . 
  by same logic i guess you would say latins are invaders to the area for france and spain ? 
  while your attitude is admirable , intolerance should n't be tolerated . 
  everyone should be entitled to their opinion and voicing their opinion of course , muslims or anyone else should be entitled to disliking gays as well but that does n't give them right to infringe the rights of others and directly abuse others . 
   look to demography . 
  sunni population has been growing in syria for decades relative to the populations of other ethnicities ( 30 % to  60 % of total syrian population , or something of that sort ) that 's completely wrong , syria was 75 % sunni in 1960 . 
   arabs are invaders of the levant anyway . 
  the `` arabs '' are native to the area . 
  the peoples have been arabized if that 's what you try to mean . 
   dwindling towards the islamic totalitarian i love how an authoritarian government in an islamic country must mean islamic totalitarianism , even when turkey has such a low support for sharia law , or the authoritarianism erdo\u011fan shows was never towards religion but towards criticism of himself and his corruption . 
  it is especially funny considering turkey was always more or less authoritarian and our most authoritarian periods were under secular army . 
  you should look at the reasons why national socialism got as much support as it did in germany in interwar period , not the creation of the ideology itself , there will always be toxic ideologies ( you can even see it here in this subreddit ) , what is important is how much support it gets . 
  you should consider the social and political climate which gave rise to such ideologies , was the reason they exterminated jews , gays and some other people christianity or any other religion ( such as islam ) as well or was it that they always hated jews ( even though prussia for example was unusually tolerant of its jewish citizens compared to contemporary states ) or was it the humiliation of ww1 and harsh conditions of versailles as well as the hyperinflation in interwar period that gave hitler as much popular support as he had ? 
  italy and spain were fascists countries once as well , so it is possible as the situation changes , so does common consensus and support of certain ideologies . 
  not to say different ideologies do n't result in different consequences , they do and islam is a religion particularly open to extremism but to say that islam is the cause seems odd , i do n't see how uk , us or france for example can completely shift blame when they were intervening in the area in last century up to last decade . 
  todayszaman is propaganda but they are also the only outlet to openly talk against akp and usually the stats in this are factual . 
  how easy to shatter one 's ego must be to go around doing this . 
  17 missed calls from erdogan . 
  this made me cringe . 
  if you believe toppling of gaddafi had any humanitarian reason to it , you are delusional . 
  turkey has less population than germany . 
  i love you for showing me that video .
