  so instead you suppress their freedom to wear clothing of their choice ? 
  let 's not make this about `` defending women 's rights '' because it surely is n't . 
  it is a question of enforced irreligious demeanour at workplace , not that i have anything against that , it is just not about women 's rights . 
  if you transcripted it we could probably translate it . 
   he 'd look like a turk what does a turk look like ? 
  there are albanians of turkish identity in turkey , there are bosnians , there are circassians , there are black turks as well those are all considered turkish by the state and they themselves largely consider themselves to be turkish . 
  he is a 3rd generation immigrant that likely lived all his life in denmark , probably does n't speak one word of turkish and likely does n't know anything about here as well . 
  he is danish . 
  turk is not an ethnic identity at all , it is a national one . 
  he probably does n't even speak the language , it is not different than an american saying he is german because his family came from germany 100 years ago . 
  justice is such an awesome band . 
  if you want to piss us off go with food . 
  i did n't even know this calling istanbul constantinople thing was supposed to be offensive/ridiculing . 
  it was literally called kostantiniyye by ottomans themselves and istanbul is already a greek word . 
  we have bunch of cities that are named after their greek colloquialism as well . 
  sacking ? 
  mehmed ii himself was the patron of rebuilding the city , restoring crumbling roman architectures , building new insfracture and allowing people of all creeds to move back in . 
  ottoman history has a lot of wrong doings in it but they did not make kostantiniyye worse than constantinople . 
  if anyone sacked it , it was the crusaders . 
  him and his 20 good men could conquer the entire known universe . 
  there are similar conspiracy theories so you can rest easy . 
  brits mostly turn red . 
  whenever i see a british tourist that did n't know what to do under sun i feel the pain on my own skin . 
   does spain have expensive historical attractions ? 
  christ . 
  this . 
  when i read his text i laughed because it was a sentence only a turk could construct . 
   i find generally speaking that 99 % of people on reddit who talk about sweden know jack shit about my country . 
  unfortunately sweden is the `` bad example '' country of certain groups for them to use as bullseye for circlejerking . 
  that 's completely untrue . 
  the young turks at first did n't want to be in the war at all but then soon realized ( which i would say correctly , in hindsight ) that they either needed allies or they would be torn apart , they tried to ally with the british ( who they had former contact with and shared interest in blacksea and mediterranean ) or the french ( historical alliances , tanzimat reforms were mostly based on french model ) , both rejected and they had no other choice but to ally germans . 
  i think he was specially referencing muhammad ali . 
  he was an odd ball , wanted his own state but did n't want to not be ottoman either . 
  fairly bipolar guy . 
  to quote wikipedia : `` others , however , view him not as a builder , but rather as a conqueror . 
  he was of albanian origin rather than egyptian , and throughout his reign , turkish was the official language of his court rather than arabic . 
  some argue that he exploited egyptian manpower and resources for his own personal ends , not egyptian national ones , with the manpower requirements that he placed on egyptians being particularly onerous . '', 
  that explains a lot , actually . 
  makes you wonder how many serial killers out there just walk free . 
  the criticism is unwarranted here . 
  do you think spaniards on the whole are unaware of the crimes spanish explorers and conquistadores committed in central america or their religious intolerance ? 
  it is called whataboutism because it adds nothing worth of note to discussion , you just try to protect your own image by diluting the waters . 
  spaniards or anyone else 's crimes does n't absolve the pashas from what they have done and you should know better than to defend bunch of power drunk megalomaniacs . 
  that 's whataboutism . 
  he was wrong because the guy he responded to was pontic but you just went ahead and proved him right . 
  fucking fantastic actually . 
  no , you have to count for the fact smokers die way younger and pay a lot of taxes , there were studies for this showing on average they pay way more than they cost , about 50 % if i remember correctly . 
   when police arrested pankiewicz he head-butted the window of a police car , smashing the glass with his face and causing himself minor facial injuries . 
  this guy thought he was in crank ? 
  that irritates me too because how historically ignorant it is . 
  i feel like giving people a thorough history lesson to people on spot about last 1000 years of austria . 
  portugal is part of galicia and galicia is part of spain . 
  get back in there . 
  decades of indoctrination made people unreasonably fanatical about this topic , no other unhealthy behaviour gets this much marketing campaign and smokers basically pay for state with ridiculous taxes on cigarettes more than other unhealthy behaviours . 
  trust me , i know indoctrination when i see it , i grew through turkish education system . 
  i doubt the reason people are smoking less in australia is because of how big the pictures are . 
  smoking levels have been going down in most places ever since it became common knowledge that at best case scenario they will kill you at a very young age due cardiac arrest , at worse case scenario you suffer cancer for years . 
  people got the message already at this point and these are just feel good measures for people to pat themselves in the back and agencies for quitting smoking to make more money . 
  why do these pictures need to be bigger , i do n't get it ? 
  people did n't understand it when the images were `` only '' half of the package ? 
  can we get pictures of ruined lives on other life ruining products as well then ? 
  such as alcohol and dead end jobs ? 
  it might be because french words are usually formal versions in english . 
  well if your interest is bigger than your income you will default but high interest rate like half of your income is manageable . 
  as long as you are making use of the soldiers to suck money out of smaller kingdoms . 
  defeat them , occupy their provinces , get all their money , ask for war reparations and transfer trade power in peace deals . 
  the initial money can be used to pay some of the loans while war reparations can be used to combat the interest . 
  you can also just default of course but there is generally no coming back from that . 
  or you can just war on half of europe and get them to pay you money and war reparations . 
  many people died from both sides to rationally solve this with a referendum . 
  also accepting pkk 's demands would be negotiating with terrorists . 
  the only hope would be if iraqi kurdistan seceded , then they could host a platform for diplomatic solution . 
  as the situation is , it wo n't be solved peacefully . 
  this is not about laws but culture , which makes it worse . 
  it is in most places unfortunately . 
  i wish all of the world took romania as an example and learnt it is entirely possible as long as people are willing to prosecute . 
  the best part and perhaps expected about the romania 's case is the driving force behind their anti-corruption knew corruption inside and out by being a part of it . 
  it 's also funny because spaniards had a `` national '' identity very early about spain , owing to their conquest of americas , the natives of america was the `` other '' and the natives of iberia were their own . 
  it took a lot longer for rest of peoples of europe . 
  long story short , spain should diplo-annex portugal . 
  spain . 
  turkeyize : set stage for balkanization . 
  obviously a joke but inappropriate for a politician to make . 
  does n't surprise me since our politicians take part in twitter `` banter '' all the time . 
  shoutout to melih . 
  are you aware a lot of the richest countries per capita in earth are middle-eastern ? 
  qatar and uae are both richer than spain . 
   in the netherlands people polish migrants show one of the highest crimes rates as seen here and here . 
  huh , i did n't expect turks to be so low . 
  dry ? 
  the humidity here kills me . 
  in summer i feel like i am in soup . 
  of course there is a difference between not changing your essential identity and practically bringing your country with you . 
  former is fine as long as you abide by the cultural norms of the country you go to which i think you are responsible . 
  no one says you should have a voluntary amnesia about where you are from . 
  could have 40 years ago , could have let them go as well . 
  we ca n't any more though that 's true , not in our life times anyway . 
   with stricter immigration policies , we would n't have all these ghettos filled with violent thugs umm . 
   it really unnerve me when people say `` but they were born on european ground !! '' . 
  that does n't mean shit if they are the result of immigrated parents .
