  it is not just him . 
  tanzimat reforms are overall influenced and directly taking inspiration from french one , the influence of french culture started after napoleon invaded egypt and got ottomans to a rude awakening . 
  it also was very obvious in young turk period ( which a lot of were french educated ) before ww1 , especially between 1880s and 1910 . 
  damn , that 's harsh . 
  is that supposed to be isabel and the amir of granada ? 
  straight out of a fairy tale . 
  to be a good spaniard you need to hate spain , catalans are the most spanish of them all . 
  hussite war tactics are extremely impressive , it explains how they managed to carve that much territory , of course then they fell under habsburg control . 
  salafism is a specific sect of islam , it 's under one of the four major schools of thought in sunni belief . 
  following sharia does not equal salafism , subscribing to their specific interpretation of quran and view of what they consider to be heretics and does . 
  so a person can want or live under sharia and not be salafis . 
  what about just anchovies and pineapples on cheese and bread ? 
  that 's fair and do n't let anyone tell you otherwise . 
   i 'm a bit surprised , that you do n't find any female names with `` g\u00fcl '' , whether it 's in turkey , or germany . 
  g\u00fcl is common as a combination name in turkey , you wo n't find it alone but names such as ay\u015feg\u00fcl were common . 
  also i do n't see why you are speaking as if naming conventions or attitudes of turks in turkey and in germany are anything similar , turks in germany are their own culture heavily influenced by germans , whether it be in accommodation or aversion . 
  i mean did you combine emir and amir ? 
  they are basically the same name , former turkish latter arabic version of the arabic name amir . 
  i guess so . 
  when you are forbidden from returning to hispaniola by the people that sanctioned your exploration in the first place , you have to be a spectacularly outrageous person . 
  colombus was a dickhead even by his time 's standards . 
  his contemporaries found him to be cruel and violent . 
  colombus definitely did not represent crown of castile and aragon as a whole , ferdinand and isabel , as well as their later grandson charles v were all bothered by the violent and what they considered to be unchristian treatment of natives . 
  that has a lot to do with political ramifications of the label genocide being applied to a state and a state not recognising events as genocide , such as herero and namaqua genocide for example . 
  i 'll again say i do n't think romans committed genocide against carthaginians because they did n't target a specific identity but it could easily be one even in antiquity if they did and i think some of what assyrians did could for example qualify for genocide . 
  it 's such a heavy word to use and has connections to 20th century evens that are still in common conscience and indeed consensus that makes it hard to retroactively classify anything as a genocide . 
  genocide is a term that can be used retroactively very well because again terms such as race and ethnicity are fluid social constructs , what we would n't consider one today could have existed as a distinct identity even before nationalism came to be . 
  i never said you can compare today 's nationalistic identities with the antiquity , hell you ca n't even compare them with anything before 30-years-wars in europe and much more later in rest of the world . 
  i am saying identity is not only tied to current concepts of nationality or ethnicity , only arguing that just because we do n't consider something to be a distinct identity today ( people of city of carthage as opposed to ethnicity of phoenician or `` nationality '' ) does not mean they could n't target an identity . 
  i think you are misunderstanding my position from start i am saying romans did not target an identity and was only arguing from a point of view that just because they did n't understand the identity groups as we did , they could n't have . 
  they could have targeted particular carthaginians , an identity we today would n't consider to be an ethnicity or a race but still a solid and tangible one . 
  because again concepts such as ethnicity and race are fluid because they are social constructs reflecting the concurrent context of the time . 
  so just because they did n't target phoenicians or all carthaginian citizens as a whole does n't mean there could n't be a genocide , just because we understand nationality and ethnicity of carthaginians and phoenicians with our modern retroactive viewpoint . 
  such as how we currently see several italian groups as italians but say venetians could have targeted milanese for destruction and it still would be genocide even though they are all `` italian '' from our viewpoint . 
  let me explain what i mean this way . 
  for the argument 's sake today a regime in central africa rises that targets everyone they consider to be `` nubian '' and they group nubian as anyone between sahara and congo , now none of the people they target might consider themselves nubian , hell they perhaps do n't even know what a nubian is and nubia is not even sub-saharan ethnic group , this would n't be a genocide ? 
  concepts such as ethnicity and race are already social constructs and fluid with time and place , just because they might have not existed by our current understand now or be widely accepted when an event took place or the targeted group might have not even identified with what they are being labelled as but it 's still a genocide nonetheless because the perpetrators are targeting an identity ( i.e , ethnicity , race , religion , nationality ) with intent of destroying it . 
  `` races '' do n't exist to begin with so trying to find an agreeable objective definition of what constitutes as an identity rather than instead understanding the intent and action of those who target is not important . 
   but the did n't the devil basically claim that ? 
  the claim is that romans committed genocide against carthaginian , which i disagree with but not for the same reasons as you , which is that they did n't have same understanding of concepts such as ethnicity or race but merely because they did n't have any intent to destroy anything but city of carthage to finally end carthage itself partly due paranoia and partly due carthage 's ( understandable ) insubordination . 
  i might have mistaken some facts , never had a good memory and might have been wrong but the central point i argued around are accepted facts , that romans declared war on carthage after carthage considered their treaty ended with their debts and defended themselves against nubian raids and that carthage was razed and only few survived and were sold to slavery . 
   do n't act like you focused on that and even if you did we ( and kinda un ) still have a big disagreement over how you define genocide . 
  the un defines genocide clearly as an intent to destroy a group based on an identity such as ethnicity , religion or `` race '' whether that be outright killing or any other means . 
   they paid amnesty . 
  romans did n't demand amnesty after that . 
  romans expected carthage still ask for permission from romans before conducting any military operation , even in defence against nubians . 
  so they saw them as a satellite even after their debt was paid , from then on it 's understandable why carthaginians defied this . 
   and no identity is n't the right word for the use because of the problems like this . 
  instead un 's definition consist words more narrow words like `` ethnicity '' , `` nationality '' , `` race '' . 
  it 's ethnicity , nationality , race , religion and some others which can be indeed described as `` identity '' . 
  it 's not all of them but only a single one that classifies an action as a genocide . 
  race is n't even a real thing in the first place and the targeted `` race '' might not even consider themselves to be belonging to that `` race '' . 
  i never said romans had an intent of genocide or what did to carthage was a genocide . 
  i have said again and again i was playing devil 's advocate from my first answer onwards , only arguing against from start that an event can not be described as a genocide because it is older than concurrent national or ethnic definitions . 
   this is not enough for any of the claims you make about caesar . 
  do you have no shame ? 
  huh ? 
  i was talking for fun mostly , i was n't aware this was an academic discussion , in which case i have no credentials to do so . 
  i read few books on ancient history overall , not my area of interest except that i like carthage and hannibal . 
  i am not making any claim myself except repeating what i have read , from a very favourable point of view of caesar as well . 
   you realise we are talking about the third punic war right ? 
  you act like third punic war stemed from nothing without any historical context . 
  well if go all the way back to , first punic war was n't even fault of carthaginians or romans in the first place . 
  what i am saying is carthage 's insubordination did n't come from out of nowhere . 
   carthage was a client state to the romans as far as they concerned and they really did n't recovered spectacularly ( you can look at polybius talking about the meaning of surrender for carthage ) . 
  yes , that 's what i said as well but carthage did n't see it as such so i do n't see anything wrong with them trying to resist . 
  their only fault was that they lost . 
   fair term ? 
  what the fuck is a fair term ? 
  do you think the peace deal after the second punic war was something about being fair to both sides ? 
  do you even understand how peace deals work at antiquity ? 
  this is not concert of europe we are talking about . 
  i did n't say treaty was supposed to be fair , only that it was obvious why carthage did n't want to adhere to it indefinitely after their debt was paid . 
   you ca n't just call it a rhetorical question and be done with it . 
  you are just trying to spin this `` also a lot of citizens got killed , records show only a minuscule population of them were forced to slavery . '', 
  into something you can defend . 
  the majority of carthaginians in carthage itself died and were killed then city was razed and only survivors were sold to slavery which were only a small part of the population of it . 
  i am sure this is a well accepted fact . 
   ca n't you see how broad this is ? 
  you are talking like a freshman who just started to take a course about genocide . 
  by your definition why do we have the word genocide ? 
  what a genocide is defined very clearly . 
  targeting a group defined by an identity with intent to destroy them indiscriminately , whether it be killing , deporting or by other means is genocide . 
   most people would say that but that does n't mean academic community and un recognizes them as such . 
  this has more to do with the weight of invoking the word genocide because it automatically gets equated with holocaust , plus countries wo n't easily capitulate to a claim that will hurt their political standing , there is no greater shame than genocide as far as states are concerned , it will be a long time before a lot of historical genocides are properly identified and recognised but they wo n't stay the same number as they are now that 's for certain . 
   you are saying you do n't compare them continue to compare them in the next sentence . 
  bashing and praising of napoleon has different reasons and different past than doing same to the caesar . 
  you could have not talk about napoleon at all ? 
  it could be anyone else i do n't see why are you fixating on napoleon , the point was that books about important figures can be contradictory even when working around the same facts , napoleon was just a particularly obvious example due contrast of how he is seen . 
  caesar is also seen in different light often , not just for his impact on rome but as a general and politician . 
  i have only read caesar : life of a colossus . 
  i am not an academic , history is more of a hobby for me but i have read excerpts from other books that show him much different light as well . 
   now there is no evidence to claim romans intended do that after amnesty has been paid . 
  i did n't say there was . 
   on the contrary all of our sources says the opposite . 
  the problem started when carthaginians decided to act like they are in a equal footing to romans and tried to reassemble their army . 
  romans treated carthage as a de facto subject nation and repeatedly humiliated them with when it came to dealing with nubians being very provocative overall , they used carthaginians war against nubians as an excuse even after they considered the treaty null and greek jurists agreed with the sentiment , i guess you could say they did n't intend to destroy them if they happily got themselves integrated to roman system further , it 's fairly obvious there was n't a dream of peaceful coexistence on roman side either . 
  also cato the elder was n't the only person in senate to support destruction of carthage  the problem started when carthaginians decided to act like they are in a equal footing to romans and tried to reassemble their army . 
  choosing mercenaries who are somewhat hostile to the romans did n't help of course . 
  the problem started when romans did n't want to see carthage as anything but as a satellite state under roman domination , after they recovered rather spectacularly from previous wars they wanted to see them stagnant .
