  when the ancien regime fell and republic came to existence . 
  was the `` french way '' gone ? 
  yes , ottoman way was gone but because ottoman way was aiming to be a multi-ethnic state based on religious hierarchy with economy depending largely on its position in global trade , as well as its extensive bureaucracy and small time core army and it 's decentralised ruling system . 
  ottomans lost in wars when they were still doing the things `` the ottoman way '' because it no longer worked , their economy became vulnerable and their armies fell behind the europeans , by the time ww1 hit they did take some measures to modernise the state but it was n't enough . 
  after ww1 why would turkish state stick to `` ottoman '' way when they lost all their territories and everything that made ottoman empire ? 
  it would be completely delusional and pathetic , instead they recreated a state that was better fit for its conditions , a lot of mistakes were made on that aim and a lot of cruelty but that was due how extreme three pashas took the ideal of a nation-state with turkish ruling class and a muslim population . 
   the `` europeanization '' , the conversion to secularism and so on was forced by the army . 
  completely untrue . 
  `` europeanisation '' started with sultans 150 years earlier but army , especially janissaries were resistant to change and especially modernisation , they did n't want to be recreated into a professional , uniform army in the image of european ones , they kept revolting and revolting until they were slaughtered by another section of the army ( spahis ) . 
  the first efforts to recreate the state was in tanzimat period , where religious classes were abolished and technically citizens were equal under law with a lot of other modernisation efforts but in practise it was n't so hopeful . 
  young turk coup before ww1 turned the state into a parliamentary monarchy with monarch was merely head of the state as a figure alike to those of concurrent european states . 
  these all happened because they proved to work , that 's also ottoman way , by the way , ottomans in 1453 as willing to adopt to foreign concepts to better of them . 
  the `` ottoman way '' was one of meritocracy where ethnicity did n't matter and an italian or frenchman could find work as soon as a turk if they proved they were capable , even in their conquest of constantinople they were accepted the offer of orban . 
  their `` way '' was not suicidal conservatism , that was the reason ottomans stagnated and fell , it was a short coming not a principle . 
  the army in after ww1 , ataturk in particular built a democratic nation-state because that 's what he believed to work best and was ideal . 
  the `` forced '' secularisation happened much latter , after 1980s when army took `` kemalism '' to extreme and started a campaign of extreme secularisation , which backfired , they also tried to turkify kurds forcibly which also backfired . 
  yet this is way after the `` ottoman '' way changed already and way later than when uk and french influence over turkey already waxed . 
   you did not , it was forced on you , by war , by peace , by modernizing the countries to european standard . 
  forced by whom ? 
  the ottoman sultans who kept losing wars and the corrupt bureaucracy which made the empire unable to compete with european powers anymore ? 
  the janissaries that refused to modernise in light of new technological developments even though when they were founded they were arguably the first modern professional army of the world ? 
  the necessity to force 300 years of modernisation to 50 years was forced upon turks and everyone else ottomans used to rule by ottomans themselves . 
  young turks and later ataturk did what ottomans forgot to do for 300 years , their stagnation and extreme conservatism was their downfall not their strength . 
  japan is a similar example whose extreme traditionalism and conservatism brought their downfall followed by a period of extreme nationalism and army cruelty due this rapid pace of change , instead of more natural gradual evolution . 
   which also explain why some people still dream of their long lost muslim empire that was stolen from them . 
  there are as many that dream of a `` turkic empire '' in central asia and as many that want neither but a unique turkish state neither west nor east . 
  a lot of this comes from the nationalism that 's taught here both culturally and in education rather than any `` continuous consciousness '' from times of ottomans . 
  you know nothing about neither ottoman history nor comparable struggle of other eastern empires who once were seen as immovable , such as china or who were extremely traditional such as japan but failed to keep up with european advances after 1700s . 
  the rapid modernisation was a necessity to survive , not a grand design by europeans , which wanted to keep their colonies modern enough to be functional but overall traditional and divided . 
  so turkish state came to be what it is despite allied wishes in ww1 , not because of it . 
  also similar phenomenos happened in europe were other countries were forced to rapidly modernise their state structures when challenged , such as prussia during 1700s , austria during napoleonic wars and sweden during 30 years war . 
  yet you of course draw an arbitrary line to ignore this as if whole of europe never got influenced or influence each other based on struggle and necessity . 
  it 's hard to find an unbiased history book . 
  however generally reading several sources to compare and contrast is how you can get more objective views . 
  i would recommend `` the crusades : the authoritative history of the war for the holy land '' and `` the crusades through arab eyes '' . 
  if you want to read more you can also read the three book set from steven runciman . 
   between 1830 and 1919 , france and the uk managed one way or another to destroy the ottoman empire , by funding , arming and helping the countries in the balkans , by taking over the north african territories and by deveicing the arabs to rebel agains ' t the ottomans . 
  this are historical known facts . 
  yes , also austria , even before 1830 . 
  that 's not what you said in your post however is it ? 
  also the `` lesser known '' fact is taught in the schools here . 
  in fact you ignored capitulations to french in 1600s and hiring of french advisers during the tanzimat period ( 1850s ) . 
  as well as the help ottomans needed during crimean war . 
   the thing is , it seams you turks just do n't learn what really happened at that time , but who would want to learn that his country is born on mass murders and being schooled by its neighbourgs ? 
  this is where everything is disconnected from reality . 
  first of all no one denies armenians got killed , they deny that it was an attempt to genocide , now i disagree with that but that 's beyond the point . 
   the only one bending history and refusing to admit the genocides is your government for pretty much a century now . 
  are you a state ? 
  you said :  but france and the uk got what they wanted , for ottoman to be out of europe , north africa and the middle east and act as a puppet state that would europeanize itself and become a buffer state . 
  which is wrong . 
  primarily uk wanted to a colonial state similar to those they did in arabia and india , to have an unpopular ruler in an occupied zone to be dependant on them so they could administer the place as a colonial territory while using the ruler to their advantage . 
  they did n't get what they wanted . 
  also the `` europeanisation '' of the place goes back to 1800s not ww1 and it started due several factors , uk and france dismantling ottoman territory was result of ottoman incompetence and inability to progress because of various obstacles internally and some externally . 
  the reformation efforts are older than turkey , young turks were a product of this tanzimat period of reform which `` europeanisation '' happened , not the engineers of it . 
  so no there is no `` puppet buffer state '' as you claim there is but a failed attempt to create one . 
  yours is a complete revision and you lack the necessary general knowledge on middle-eastern history to make as bold claims as you do , which has no basis in reality but is purely speculation and rationalisation in your head . 
  i think that 's more of a general expectations of work culture rather than expectations from women in itself . 
  if say , workweeks were n't understood as 40 hours and part-time was n't seen as student 's realm then it could be possible that after pregnancy and maternal leave , the mother could work part-time temporarily or otherwise , similarly the father could if necessary work part-time to help . 
  unfortunately companies are competitive enterprises often times and even state institutions can be extremely demanding , the concurrent culture of work contributes to this by expecting everyone , male or female , pregnant or not to adjust their lives for work rather than adjust work for their lives even if they have means to do the latter , individually or collectively as a state and society . 
   are you trying us for stuff that 's 3 centuries old while you 're the country that oppressed the serbs into submission so violently it triggered a world war in the last century ? 
  it could be argued austrian crown 's unwillingness to use violence to suppress regions lead to the whole ordeal with serbians . 
  also franz ferdinand was looking to federalise the country , the situation was complex , very complex including franz ferdinand 's own marriage and disagreements with franz joseph that lead to the invasion of serbia . 
  well , honestly . 
  french was a prestigious language historically , for example during napoleonic wars austrian officers of different origins , such as hungarians and croatians communicated in french . 
  well , to be completely honest it was mostly hungary trying to make a homogeneous kingdom of hungary . 
  also the oppressive evil empire narrative of austria-hungary has mostly to do with post-war books rationalising the collapse of it rather than the truth . 
  [ i would recommend this link for a concise explanation ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/3q56w7/was_austriahungary_in_decline_preww1/ ), 
  yes , the historical education around here is simply a tool of propaganda to grant legitimacy to state through patriotism and the external forces . 
  especially it is taught that nothing ever is the state 's fault but everyone else 's . 
  i have nothing against greeks or greek history and i find crusade circlejerks to be stupid . 
  i was simply curious what they actually teach and how it compared to actual ( widely accepted ) truth . 
   exactly . . you did have support and supplies , more so than the greeks . 
  well that 's not turks ' fault is it ? 
  greeks were given that territory and uk formerly supported them and armed them . 
   central anatolia was not occupied . 
  central anatolia was barren , it still is . 
  most of the population centres were in coastal areas , they still are . 
   only very small areas on anatolia were actually occupied . 
  which were all the population centres including istanbul . 
   a lot of your territory was supposed to be occupied but most of it never actually came under physical occupation , which is why the italians got mad the greeks were pushing into territory promised to them . 
  again what does this have anything to do with turks ? 
  ottoman state was defeated , occupied by multiple powers , lacked any serious supplies and had to depend on russia and even italy . 
  it 's not turks fault that allied powers failed to properly occupy and control what they suggested in their treaty , failed to supply and help their greek allies in defending the territory they promised them and the treaty that left turkey with only a barren area of anatolia was invalidated . 
  you are jumping through a lot of hoops here to suggest that it was a situation similar to ireland invading england which at the time was at zenith , while ottomans were a sorry state that failed to enforce any law aside from big cities which were all occupied by the end of the war . 
  greeks did n't invade alone , they had similar amount of soldiers as turks and the occupation was result of ww1 not some small time rogue operation by greeks . 
  4th crusade is n't the only crusade . 
  also do n't talk like greek education is devoid of propaganda , no one in balkans have good historical education , except perhaps romania . 
  i am saying the clash between byzantines and turks did n't start with ottomans but with seljuks and byzantine 's inability to stop seljuk expansion into anatolia was before crusades and because they failed to do so , they asked for help and were willing to help crusades themselves . 
  after the whole crusade episode went downhill for byzantines and there was struggle between byzantine emperor and crusaders , the empire was further weakened . 
  yet greeks conveniently ignore the fact that crusaders fought against turks more than they did against byzantines and turks at the time were also fighting against fatimids too . 
  it was n't some sort of last second snatch as you present it . 
  i do n't even care about this part of history and i find it ridiculous to take some pride in either side of this conflict , yet this completely biased one-sided view greeks hold that basically goes against the western accepted view of crusades is ridiculous . 
  so , what you are saying is that turks did n't have any support and supplies had to depend on russians and italians , already lost a war and were occupied by several powers including greeks , had equal numbers of soldiers to greeks alone , they managed to nullify sevres despite this due political manoeuvres and somehow this is same as ireland invading england ? 
  i am not sure where you are going with this . 
  you are aware that the reason crusades happened was because byzantines lost manzikert , right ? 
  i do not believe they do n't teach this in greek schools . 
  did n't you read even one paragraph in the link ? 
  because if you did , you could realise how nothing you said actually made any sense . 
  greeks did n't invade alone , ottomans lost ww1 and most of what is now modern turkey was occupied by allied forces , including the british and the french , [ sultan signed a treaty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_s%c3%a8vres ) which divided what is now modern turkey . 
  so there was an existential threat that was being enforced which was nullified .
