  that war was mostly revolutionaries fighting outnumbered and with no actual state army or supply against several forces occupying the land , which included greeks , because they were ceded territory after the war . 
  pan-european identity is an essentially different concept than an european identity . 
  if that was what you asserted in the first place , then sure , you are right and we are arguing semantics because i thought you were talking about a concept of european identity , as in belonging to the european history . 
  i think you get your idea what turks think about their identity from other people who are neither turks nor ever met a turk in their life . 
  if anything turkish history teaches too much about how original turks came from central asia and not enough on the fact that most of turkey 's current population is formerly assimilated subjects , such as anatolians , greeks , armenians and people from balkans . 
  not only that , the principalities which were found in anatolia came from iran and azerbaijan after mongol invasion . 
  you first said the concept of europe , then the european identity and now you are saying european unity ? 
  if you mean the idea that europe should work as a single-body , then yes , it 's a very recent concept , dating back to post-war era . 
  although the idea itself goes back to french revolution , as i have stated in the post you replied to . 
  the modern european identity goes back to enlightenment era and was already a solidifying concept during french revolution by inspiration taken from figures such as voltaire . 
  so , no , it 's not a 100 year old concept by any means , the latest you could go to would be 200 years ago to find something similar to current concept , before that it goes as old as greeks . 
  out of all the reasons you could have suggested to say turkey is not european such as religion , culture , politics and shared history , that 's the hill you chose to die on ? 
  why are you so easily triggered ? 
  i mean , if you could handle your emotions for one second and finish reading the post perhaps you might took a hint , it 's a bit wishful expectation on my part perhaps . 
  the concept of europe is very old . 
  how it was defined is generally retroactive however and fluid . 
  do n't take this the wrong way but are you an immigrant ? 
  because it seems you rather bend around history in your fantasies to validate a hatred for turkey . 
  nothing you said has basis in neither history nor concurrent reality and sounds to me like nationalistic rationalisation . 
  it should n't be called `` austrian empire '' if you are going to count spain and austria as same state . 
  at that point you might as well call france and spain same state after war of spanish succession which is quite wrong . 
  charles v , via his grandmother was entitled to habsburg territories in europe , rather than habsburgs being entitled to spanish territories . 
  that 's only spanish habsburgs, 
  swiss swore eternal neutrality after they lost to french in 1515 . 
  i really would n't say it was the reason for the extremely bloody 30 year war . 
  30 years war was extremely bloody because of mercenaries , france that backed up protestants just to fuck with habsburgs and the swedish troops being unstoppable force of nature . 
  mostly mercenaries which the states let loose though , protestants and catholics both . 
  they were considered an european state by their contemporaries , especially french referred them as such . 
  although i do not consider state of turkey to be european . 
  completely agree . 
  they were not national identities , in fact both of them suffered great deal because of nationalism . 
  retroactive nationalism to multi-ethnic empires which worked within a framework of singular authority over a decentralised state is extremely cringeworthy , especially in case of ottoman state in which ethnicity amounted to nothing and religious community everything . 
   makes it a tad difficult to communicate , would it not ? 
  erdogan is a populist , a corrupt one at that . 
  what he says is different than what he actually does , he speaks to appease his voter base and present himself as a force that europe has to recognise while he might be following an entirely different strategy in actual negotiations . 
  that 's a bit surreal to me . 
  i did n't know it was so common as to be daily , then again harassment happens here too , perhaps as frequently but hearing this is such a common occurrence there is very strange . 
  especially since i have never seen it happen myself but then again i am a guy . 
  really ? 
  how common is it ? 
  some mod is on fire today with these tags . 
  i am neither a history student nor are those taught here . 
  i am just a person that finds history interesting so i read about topics that catch my interest . 
  it just so happens spain has a very interesting history so i know some about it . 
  too much wealth , too much territory , too much administrative responsibilities , areas to protect , fleets to patrol . 
  they did n't have necessary knowledge to administer such a vast empire , neither economically nor politically . 
  unifying and kicking out muslims from iberia to a global empire in one generation , on the back of experienced war veterans and daring explorers alone with no administrative or economic experience to support it . 
  they stuck to outdated feudal practices in conquered territory via vice-royalties while no one knew how to properly deflate currency , the crown did n't know how to spend or invest all the wealth they were getting . 
  not to mention their european territories , especially netherlands were a complete drain on already tight spanish manpower and then they also got involved in other wars . 
  they were suddenly spread very thin and faced with too many new challenges , both external and internal . 
  yes , i love that about spanish history . 
  they rose and fall for the same reasons and they never were supposed to be as powerful as they got in the first place , it was too overwhelming for the population and their administration and economics were n't able to handle it . 
  portuguese live there, 
  not 15th century . 
  uk used that from 19th century , england did n't even have colonies in 15th century , how could they say it ? 
  it was first used for phillip ii 's empire , later after napoleon invaded spain and spain lost all their colonies , uk started using it . 
  now it seems the mantle is with the french republic . 
  plus you get the bragging rights such as this thread . 
  it 's a decisive win-win . 
  ah , yeah that makes sense otherwise no company would open flights there . 
  we probably took the indo-european word from iranians , similarly how we use `` birader '' ( brother ) , another indo-european word we have that is common in other european languages , taken from iranians . 
  there is a lot of shared vocabulary between turks and balkans though . 
  i always wondered , are there flights from france to those islands ? 
  it feels like they would n't be profitable at all . 
  this is a stupid argument i keep hearing . 
  you are arguing against all types of social conditioning with this and by saying it denying all free will because we all go through social conditioning and education . 
  so envious . 
   and now he tried to bring him down ? 
  i 'm sorry but it 's a bit hard to believe this all for an outsider , do n't you agree ? 
  turkish politics are complicated and very factionalised . 
  it might be hard to believe for an outsider but it 's the truth . 
  erdogan and g\u00fclen used to be best buddies and political allies until they fell out and g\u00fclen 's organisation cut connection with them , a lot of akp members who were also g\u00fclenists resigned from akp 's party and then corruption scandals of erdogan were made known . 
  g\u00fclen escaped to usa before because they were afraid of persecution by the kemalists for being a religiously motivated organisation attempting install sharia . 
  the point is not that austrians are n't germans . 
  the point is that austrians wanted leadership in a german union but so did prussians , neither wanted an union that would be under power struggle between prussians and austrians , especially since austria at the time was populated by different peoples that were not germans . 
  after prussians defeated austrians at 1866 , it was excluded from a `` germany '' . 
  after that austrians decide to pursue their destiny with their multi-ethnic empire , the reason they wanted to join germany after ww1 was because austria was basically left with an imperial capital but no empire to back it up and no longer felt they could either challenge or challenged by the `` prussians '' as both aristocracies were dismantled and austria lost all its power . 
  the reason austria today is not part of germany is because of prussians mainly and their own imperial aims secondarily . 
  [ i think he is more in favour of austria-hungary rather than holy roman empire . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/w1yu6yj.jpg ) you know i always supported franz ferdinand and his plans to create a federalised austrian state . 
  shame the guy got assassinated by a young dumb nationalist . 
  french lawmakers are too old , it seems . 
   i do n't think anyone is bothered by culture . 
  he was quite literal and truthful when he said `` ones who want to distance themselves from everything middle east '' . 
  what 's with clergy and their obsession with pokemons ? 
  i belong to neither group . 
  i quite like middle-eastern culture and history , including arabic , especially music and clothing . 
  i dislike erdogan and people who refuse to let go of religion . 
  if for example middle-east was like spain , which has social freedom while having very visible cultural elements as novelty , i think it would be great . 
  irreligious or `` modern '' turks often project their hatred for islam to middle-east as a whole , which is a shame and disappointing . 
  from my other post :  if you were to say germans does not consider this to be appropriate clothing for germany , i would perhaps concede that point and agree that germans are free to decide their own cultural norms . 
  same with nazis . 
  i personally can accept it , although i think the whole world war 2 and the holocaust probably helped push people away from national socialism more than the whole banning of the fashionable hugo boss clothing or hindu symbolism part . 
  just do n't tolerate salafi views or salafi mosques . 
  i have nothing against that , i am not arguing that france or germany should accept salafi views , in fact i am in favour of banning all saudi funded mosques , get your imams from bosnia or perhaps even turkey as both of these countries are hanafi . 
  i do not think abrahamic religions have any positive role in people 's lives anymore . 
  it used to when a lot more was uncertain and where a sense of community , connection and eternal absolution was liberating and spirituality was fulfilling . 
  in an age where information and entertainment is available so readily and so freely , it is a delusion for people to veil themselves behind . 
  i do not oppose people 's right to delude themselves , as we all do it quite a bit but i do n't see religion as anything more . 
  i just do n't think people , muslims in particular will be free of this particular delusion as long as its such a big deal in their lives , with positive or negative reinforcement .
