  you inserted yourself into that conversation defending him and now you are attacking my position . 
  she is talking about a hypothetical position if there was an islamic law . 
  not actually saying she supports it , the conversation itself is about a video where she said `` curse sharia '' . 
  you can say that to me , no ? 
  i did n't say you owe any obligation to me or turkey , you can move out if you want to , for all sort of reasons , does n't even have to be because you dislike turkey . 
  what i said is in fact completely opposite , you have no responsibility so do n't get defensive as if you `` betrayed '' the `` motherland '' and make up statistics to justify your position . 
  i am not from izmir and have been only there on vacation . 
  in fact i live in one of more conservative parts of turkey . 
   whatever misplaced , romantic notions of our people being noble secular progressives embellished an eastern tradition why are you putting words in my mouth ? 
  now saying that turkey is not just thick dumb nationalists `` left behind '' and not all `` educated people '' immigrated and that majority of people actually support secularism , unlike what he claimed is being delusional in the opposite direction ? 
  if you want to learn what i think about turkish politics you can check my comment history . 
  here most recent ones : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4iyc9i/whatever_happened_to_the_turkish_model/d3268yh?context=3 https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ivpcr/erdo%c4%9fan_vows_to_prevent_turkey_from_becoming_a/d31xdn0?context=3, 
  romanians had better grasp of the situation with ceausescu than turks do with erdogan . 
  he is completely disconnected from the common people and is getting increasingly more corrupt and power hungry but the common people who vote for him think he is `` one of them '' and opposition to him is `` traitors to the motherland '' . 
  they are retarded . 
  long story short , i doubt erdogan will have to ride helicopters to escape turkey any time soon . 
  because he said majority of professionals migrated and the people who are left are just dumb nationalists , which is not only factually wrong but also disconnected from reality ? 
  especially considering majority of diaspora is actually more nationalistic and immigration from turkey is a very small minority in general ? 
  in fact a lot of immigrant academia from turkey are gulenists . 
  he is just trying to justify himself via means of projecting to turkish population and being highly inaccurate . 
  i am aware that turkey has been getting worse and politics have been suffocating , it has been for me as well but there is no need lying about it . 
  he has changed environment and his personal experiences changed , now he thinks that his personal experience is an objective reality for whole of country . 
  it is a common phenomenon amongst diaspora . 
  nice anecdotal evidence . 
  i am sure your personal interactions are more reliable and accurate than surveys . 
  especially since even akp , which has voter base that has least support for secularism , tied with hdp . 
  made a statement that it would be in a new constitution . 
  look , it 's cool . 
  you do n't need to justify your desire to move to somewhere else , especially as a computer scientist which does n't have a good market here . 
  turkey does have a lot of problems , be it political , social or economical , you do n't need to wrap yourself in delusions and make it worse than it actually is to `` excuse '' yourself from immigrating from the `` motherland '' . 
  just move on . 
   what remains in turkey is thick , unskilled nationalists . 
  except majority of the turks outside of turkey seem to belong to akp and mhp supporters group . 
  not to mention turks out of turkey are a very small minority not even making 10 % of the country . 
  nice rationalization of your own decision by projecting upon 80 + million people when it could n't be further from truth . 
  you moved out and made yourself a different life , good for you , you do n't need to be delusional to justify yourself , it is not necessary . 
  say you moved out because you wanted to . 
   and 65 % -70 % of turkish people are against secularism full fucking retard . 
  here is a [ survey ] ( http://i.hizliresim.com/qmgry5.jpg ) proving it is completely opposite . 
  here is [ another ] ( http://i.hizliresim.com/rmq7x7.png ) in english . 
  accurate article , informative as well . 
  italians unfortunately get a reputation for being `` cowards '' . 
  when italian soldiers were n't really lacking in the courage department but were really lacking in some competent high command . 
  they did n't play a minor role anywhere . 
  france was a major factor on entente side not only in western front but also in ottoman front and main command in a lot of places was french . 
  cool levels of playing as british and getting arabs fighting against ottomans . 
  it could be very interesting if done right actually . 
  since arabs did actually cavalry charge against ottoman reserves and won . 
  i am aware that the comment he made was stupid . 
  i am just saying while he was delusional , the vote for erdogan outside of turkey is still higher than turkey 's average , going over 60 % in a lot of places . 
  also i think kurds voted 50 % for erdogan in average , it is important to note that kurds do n't just live in southeast . 
  i thought they were going to lift it . 
   just like every kurd = pkk the opposite is true generally in western media too . 
  people think pkk/ypg represent every kurd . 
  votes for erdogan and akp outside of turkey is higher than turkey 's average . 
  also roughly half kurds vote for erdogan as well , it used to be much higher but changed very rapidly in last 5 years or so . 
  that 's why i said accurately in original rather than current but yeah , i agree . 
  it is ironic because a lot of the town names there are spanish . 
  he would be likely more accurately pronouncing them in their original names . 
  the main thing is the red flag with crescent on it was never intended as a religious flag . 
  in fact ironically enough turks and ottomans used star of david as a religious symbol commonly , you can see it fairly consistently in ottoman history . 
  hello darkness my old friend, 
  i have seen this first hand before in a touristic area here . 
  i was out going to the grocery and i saw two what i assume to be english tourists asking another group of tourists for directions , which answered they do n't speak english . 
  so the english tourists asked me , i answered and they were relieved , thanked me and got on their way . 
  later on the former group that said they do n't speak english asked me , in english for directions as well , their english was accented but fluent . 
  people that are not native english speakers seem to be much more comfortable speaking to other not native english speakers instead of native ones , especially people from britain . 
  i just respond to stereotypes with even more over the top stereotypes or play along . 
  it generally works well . 
  they removed it in the last patch . 
  now forming arabia is hard again . 
  again ? 
  basic income would benefit business as well , since it would cover for the wage void left by automation of certain jobs , so there would be money in market to stimulate growth and balance out rapid deflation . 
  although we are still not in an age where that is a problem , yet . 
  france did n't surrender in ww1 . 
  i do n't know how much americans think they contributed in ww1 or how different that is from reality . 
  more of a jab at american perception , i think . 
  i agree with article itself aside from all akp members being honest from start that got corrupted by power later . 
  a lot of those `` liberals '' of the party left or were cast aside long ago . 
  turkish politics since the foundation of republic have been polarized , reactionary and fanatic . 
  at random intervals for short periods of time reactionaries proved right by the mere virtue of the opposition being even more wrong . 
  it is not going to get any better as long this culture of `` us vs. 
  them '' mentality that envelopes the politics completely while seeing opposition an enemy to be crushed exists . 
  it is a deeper rooted problem than just current government or politics itself . 
  the author itself seems to be a deist in denial however , like a lot of `` moderate muslims '' are . 
  preaching that the real islam is actually not following it aside from the five pillars , which ironically is when islamic societies flourished the most . 
  i do n't think one is better or worse . 
  they are very different and require different questions to ask to judge with standards of modern morals . 
  one is workforce exploitation , the other is forced servitude . 
  slaves under ottomans and in arabic caliphates could often attain positions of power , i do n't think this justifies it but it is a very different reality than doing what could be called human husbandry . 
  something that always stroke me as a funny , well-intended but misguided gesture was when charles xii of sweden took refugee in ottoman empire , the sultan brought swedish slaves off of russian slave markets and freed them so charles xii could have more swedes to hang out with . 
  it is an odd choice of action and is n't necessarily for or against slavery but as an incident , would you say it is moral or just business as usual ? 
  i agree with you and i think too many people are either taking the worst or the best as the objective reality or even worse , the current situation is extrapolated to history . 
  that leads to complete whitewashing or guilt-tripping , both which are not nice things , as well as curiously common blame-shifting . 
  i just do n't think not being involved in someone who wishes to take their own life is the moral choice . 
  instead it is a morally disconnected choice that attempts to shift the responsibility . 
  that was the reason for my original comment about right to live , everyone should have the right to live , that right should be protected but not allowing a painless death to someone when they seek it , is that right to life at that point or obligation . 
  if everyone shifted to responsibility to next in line in that decision , i feel like it is similar to indirect prohibition . 
  because how is it any different to allow someone to kill themselves with assistance of euthanasia than to sell them a gun to take their own life ? 
  the only difference is the latter scenario it would be their own fingers pulling to trigger and they could revoke any responsibility on the action .
