  that 's just world 's style . 
  one fearmongering populist to the other , the sort of hypocrisy expected from such people anyway . 
  hey mate akp never even got majority here but we all get treated as if we eat dinner with erdo\u011fan every night . 
  it is just how it is . 
   but it has always kept a beady eye on other powers across the water . 
  exactly this . 
  experience comes with age , that 's true . 
  experience can also make people bitter and delusional , however . 
  also while life experience very useful in personal life , it tends to not apply to specific areas covered by professions outside of that experience . 
  the amount of propaganda in british newspapers almost convinced me it is not that bad here , almost . 
  it did not i reckon , lost wars could n't stop the german spirit . 
  last time we were in together lost over half of our territory though , so there is that . 
  those wars did n't really go that well since bismarck 's days , neither before bismarck . 
  it is not even conquest . 
  gibraltar was given to uk basically as compensation during war of spanish succession . 
  referendum on presidents being elected by the people , i assume . 
  amongst other changes in the constitution . 
  that 's largely irrelevant , you are defending erdogan against a hypothetical party that would be elected instead that 's somehow for more chaos in turkey . 
  both chp and mhp also want stability , they would have different ways of dealing with it however . 
  ataturk did n't have anything against kurds , it is the kemalist army that mistreated and oppressed kurds . 
  this is true and people assume turkey was a heaven of democracy before erdogan . 
  erdogan is a populist traditionalist in long list of populist traditionalists we had and he would have likely ended like adnan menderes ( hanged by military ) if military could intervene . 
  that being said there was a very short period of time in ecevit 's regime and early on erdogan 's regime turkey was actually in a better spot than it is now . 
  i 'd say turkey is 2nd world easily by that description . 
  southern coast is where most of tourism sector is . 
  even in western coast which tends to vote for chp , the workers and business owners often vote for akp themselves . 
  this trend is in fact popular amongst not only in tourism sector in resorts and hotels but most business that services tourists . 
  that 's a hyperbole , it is not like other political parties are supporting bombings in turkey . 
  they voted to have a populist in just so they would have more ( perceived ) stability for business , now they do n't have either stability or business . 
  do n't , people in tourism sector consistently vote for akp in my experience with reasons in `` stability '' and economy , they are reaping what they sow . 
  this is what i came to say as well . 
  love you mate . 
  best part is when they recognize angevin empire , which happened due norman king 's holdings in french territory as if it is a `` united '' entity but do not accept normans as part of french crown . 
  i did realise that polish was `` sharper '' than russian but i did not recognise why it might be , i guess that explains it . 
  polish is unique sounding and i find it to be the most appealing slavic language . 
  czech and slovak sound exactly like russian spoken by german to me as well . 
  it 's a good movie . 
  i 'd say people to the south are often darker than people to the north , it is not a west-east distinction . 
  kurdish people tend to be more tanned but you can as easily find turks that are on more tanned side . 
  however even still turkey is fairly heterogeneous in terms of looks , even in same regions . 
  where i am from ( blacksea ) , people are especially pale because this place gets little sun . 
  so my family members which live in the south are darker than i am because it is much more sunny there . 
  i think why people did n't take me for turkish was my facial features rather than me being pale , but that 's likely also contributing factor . 
  those are all hilarious . 
  funny thing is the opposite often happens to me , i am turkish both by nationality and birth but i am pretty much pale and do n't have much of a beard and usually hair on the longer side , tourists often used to take me for a tourist as well , unless i was outside with someone and was speaking to them in turkish , then they 'd approach me as a local . 
  it is entertaining every single time . 
   i would n't have cared much , except for the fact that this implied some risks to my physical security . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , what sort ? 
  i would n't say turkish army is good by any means but i do n't think turkish army is as bad as pkk . 
  turkish army and the coup regimes commited a lot of crimes in the past , against kurds as well but are we chasing a race to bottom here ? 
  i was making a joke because of your use `` taqiyya '' as if some sort of muslim skill , mate . 
  stop being oversensitive about your perceived claims of purposed discrimination perhaps ? 
  i ca n't believe i have to explain that i did n't claim you were being discriminatory . 
  if i thought you were and wanted to say so , it is not something i would hide , no ? 
   i will simply no longer respond to your ridiculous claims on akp topic . 
  it 's extremely self evident that they are islamist . 
  your denials are absurd to the extreme . 
  i have made no claims about akp . 
  aside from saying they do n't use `` taqiyya '' , a muslim lying does n't make it `` taqiyya '' . 
  if they were n't muslims , you would n't be searching for a specific term and would just say they are lying or being deceptive , however they are muslims so you instead use the `` scary arabic term '' . 
   using specific terminology to refer to specific things is not a new thing indeed , no problem for me if someone uses `` taqiyya '' to describe someone who denies their faith or commits blasphemy to avoid persecution . 
  it is not a tactic , it is the permission under compulsion and is not even advised , only permitted . 
   it 's not some kind of strange `` discrimination '' as you appear to be trying to sell it . 
  i have made no such claim either , of course many people around here seems to have this reverse persecution complex where they assert discrimination to claim a point of oversensivity , it is fairly ironic . 
  yes , i must be using `` the taqiyya '' , initial racial passive all middle-easterners have , it seems you could roll a saving throw however so the check failed . 
  i am annoyed by people who prefer to use `` scary arabic terms '' instead of simply saying an individual or a group is lying , never said anything against or for whether akp is being honest or not . 
  besides your own quote says it is a shia practice to avoid persecution , with no specific references to sunni except saying `` it is also permitted under certain circumstances '' . 
  alparens are both islamists and nationalists . 
  they do n't differ much in their representation of history . 
  akp does n't use `` taqiyya '' and taqiyya is strictly a shia practice . 
  flat out lying is not `` taqiyya '' , taqiyya is not used for pursuing islamist agenda , only to avoid persecution . 
  what you wanted to say `` they are lying '' but you chose a `` term '' for making it sound scarier and more ominous . 
  turks on both sides are very delusional and demonise the opposition to rationalise their own beliefs . 
  turkish politics work on the back of the opposition rather than the strengths of supported party , it is never about what the party you supported did , it is about what the opposing party did or did n't . 
  it is quite retarded . 
  so i would n't listen to a turkish voters opinion on hotly debated topics , just check the facts you can confirm . 
  erdogan did not make the country more religious in my observation but he made it much more polarized . 
  taqiyya is a shia practice to avoid sunni persecution . 
  why not just say `` they lie '' instead of a `` scary arabic term '' you learned from a meme picture on the internet ? 
  why did you do this to me, 
  ultra-nationalists once again forgetting what their actual ancestors did , ironically seems to be a common theme amongst extremist groups . 
  at the time portuguese people were already `` spanish '' as spain meant whole of iberia , the kingdoms of castile & leon , navarre and aragon were simply not any different than kingdom of portugal when it came to being `` spanish '' . 
  i do n't know why people project notions of current nation-states back to history . 
  the earliest you can say there was a developed nation identity in europe was 30 years war , which happened in 17th century and not in phillip 's life time . 
  you could say instead portuguese people did n't want to be ruled by a habsburg king and that would be true . 
  that 's not exactly true at phillip 's time . 
  it would be accurate to say that if it was charles v but phillip was king of spain , it was n't a personal union , he simply owned portugal too . 
  portugal was no more separate than aragon , navarre or indeed castile was . 
  it says the descendants of hitler . 
  i never said anything about burka . 
  this might come as a surprise to you but here vast majority of women who wear hijab do it as their personal choice . 
  especially when it was banned here , they took it as their personal identity and political statement . 
  abrahamic religions all advocate modesty and sexual conservativeness , so if a woman believes in islam , they likely want to follow its tenets as well or are you a condescending prick that think women ca n't make their own choices regarding religion and must be forced at all times ? 
  besides , this does n't do anything for women 's rights , it only limits what they do in workplace , they will still wear it in their personal lives even if they are forced to it . 
  another hint , a woman who is forced to wear hijab will likely not be allowed to work by their family/husband to begin with . 
  if it is n't allowed to wear hijab in work place , do you think a husband that forces his wife to wear hijab will just concede defeat ? 
  the opposite , they will likely instead make them not work if it means not wearing it . 
  not to mention in europe it is not mandatory to wear hijab . 
  do n't take a high horse that is n't there . 
  if you want to fix oppression in islamic societies , you do n't do it by putting more limits to what women of islamic background can or can not do .
