  at one point of ottoman history , it was over 60 % christian . 
  it was not exceptionally bloody or brutal , it was bloody and brutal as wars are . 
  have you even read about what happened in 30 years war , now that was exceptionally brutal , i am sure you guys are big fans of vlad the impaler as well , an exceptionally bloody and brutal leader ? 
  i am not going to defend ottoman conquest as something benign nor am i some person that believes ottomans were tolerant fairies , the soldiers were often times cruel and uncontrollable too , but this european exceptionalism is getting boring . 
  we have same sort of `` media outlet '' as rt called sabah . 
  they are pretty much propaganda mouth pieces , i would n't trust sabah to be objective on turkish related news as i do n't trust rt on russian related news . 
  do n't get tense ( panic ) , we promised , we 'll untie ( solve ) this . 
  he has been likened to a cat that got himself wrapped in a ball of thread he has no possible way of getting out , so it is also a pun that does n't translate well . 
  they might have banned it , it just takes 5 seconds to change your dns to access imgur or any other banned site . 
  why do you take pleasure out of that anyway ? 
  all the things you could have said that 's negative about the country and that fucking comment is what you came up with . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  it is both . 
  people generally expect the leader of the country to defend their image but we used to have all sorts of satire about government officials , they generally fought back with humour of their own , it is more of a serious case when the insulter is a foreigner also . 
  marxism became a catch all strawman term for everything liberal for some people apparently . 
  best part is i see them use it mostly for immigration issues , rather than anything regarding economics or communism . 
  you are mostly correct . 
  he is free to intervene , i just do n't think it holds any value , not any more than anyone else saying it . 
  although this conversation chain did n't start because of my agreement or disagreement with him , rather i just found your first comment irrelevant . 
  again i do n't disagree with what he wants , i disagree that it was an action worthy of praise riding off the current political events and patting himself in the back for it regardless of his own history , i am also saying your original post was unrelated the topic at hand , considering turkey 's and germany 's issues are state related , while his friend getting murdered was a personal one . 
   a view i believe he should be allowed to have certainly . 
   i oppose people wanting to kill him for expressing that point of view as long as state does n't regulate speech and as long as murder is illegal , these are n't freedom of speech issues , they are issues of human psychology , people murder each other for all sort of retarded reasons , sometimes en masse . 
  i am glad we could reach an understanding , that 's one of the better parts of freedom of speech , is n't it ? 
  i said it does not violate freedom of speech . 
  i am a person that is for complete freedom of speech , including so called hate speech laws . 
  freedom of speech does n't guarantee you no repercussions for what you say , it guarantees that you will be allowed to say what you want to say without government interfering . 
  you have a fundamental misunderstanding of what freedom of speech means if you think it should provide you some sort of immunity to consequences of your actions , it does n't . 
  murdering people is already illegal , as far as i know a lot of states also give heavier punishment if it was premeditated . 
  so that issue of an individual murdering someone else for what they have said is solved that way , not through freedom of speech laws . 
   again , if you think the comedian being prosecuted for what he said does n't relate in any way to freedom of speech which comedian ? 
  turkish and the german ones ? 
  those relate to freedom of speech and are state and law issues . 
  an individual getting killed by another for what he has said , unrelated to the law , does n't violate freedom of speech . 
  you have some warped ideas of freedom of speech if you think it should mean no consequences at all for what you have said . 
   an individual killed by someone who thinks you 're not allowed to say certain things about certain religions / gods definitely relates to freedom of speech . 
  freedom of speech does n't mean you can say whatever you want without any repercussions what-so-ever . 
  it means that body of government ca n't arrest you for what you say only and specifically for expressions of politics , thought or art , although there are separate issues of slander , defamation and accusation which in my opinion should stay between individuals case-by-case basis and not made into a governmental speech regulation . 
   glad you agree this is about freedom of speech ; this is the whole reason why hans teeuwen is getting involved . 
  good for him . 
   i do n't think i can explain any more than i 've already done that would suddenly make it click for you . 
  my argument was against your statement made [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4f2fzg/dutch_comedian_hans_teeuwen_makes_a_bold/d25lql0 ) not whether his debate was about freedom of speech or not . 
  my response against how an individual getting murdered for what he said by another individual for what he said not violating freedom of speech was my specific disagreement regarding the connection between two . 
  erdogan 's case and the german case are state related issues , while this specific case is n't . 
  just this comedian riding off the current political events to pat himself on the back . 
   theo van gogh was killed for exercising his right to freedom of speech . 
  hans teeuwen has been fighting for freedom of speech ever since . 
  an individual killing another for what he said does n't violate freedom of speech . 
   this whole erdogan case is about freedom of speech yes , it is and turkey suffers from that , germany apparently also had weird exploitable laws regarding it too . 
   that 's why hans is getting involved again , even if it once again lights him up on the radar of people who already rather see him dead . 
  this topic at hand seems unrelated to what you brought up about his friend getting killed by radical islamists or him being against all religious beliefs . 
  also as far as i know netherlands is fairly free in speech department , him making this insult does n't seem any more important to me than him insulting anyone else , it does n't help anything but pull attention to himself and it just seems like a personal feud not worthy of praise any more than any two people insulting each other . 
  what does any of this has to do with the guy 's friend getting killed by radical islamists ? 
  erdogan is a god now ? 
  while unfortunate , i do n't see how any of that is related to topic at hand aside from turkey incidentally being a muslim country . 
  i have looked around for that law and it looks like it is about insulting your own head of the state , specifically the monarchy . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  i am a turk living in turkey , by the way . 
  yes , it requires courage for the turkish satirists that do it , which do it much more tastefully as well . 
  it was meaningful for the german too , who was making a point about the laws even though his satire was distasteful . 
  this seems like him patting himself in the back for insulting someone from a nation that allows it , this is not something worthy of mention nor praise . 
  completely disconnected from politics and as distant from comedy . 
  how courageous . 
  very cynical and pragmatic , i love it . 
  the golden rule of democracy , never vote populists . 
   in both cases there are numerous airspace violations between countries not at war with each other , without signs of malicious intends . 
  the difference is that the russian jet was on mission against targets on the other side of the border and , if i 'm not mistaken , was shot after leaving turkish airspace . 
  yes , they were given the benefit of doubt and not shot down for months with many violations . 
  however you can see how jets coming from syrian air space towards turkey , a country that shot down a turkish jet , is a little bit more than the whole dogfighting incidents between turkey and greece . 
   now , i 'm certainly not one to defend russian actions , but i hate the `` us vs them '' mentality and spinning logic to align with one 's current view . 
  i do n't have an us vs them mentality , i never saw russia or russians as an enemy or `` them '' . 
  if greeks shot down a turkish jet it would likely be justified too but greece and turkey are nato allies and the airspace violations happen due turkey challenging the international airspace applying to aegean , with the justification of aegean 's unique situation , it is an entirely different problem , whether that is right or wrong is its own case . 
  read about aegean dispute if you want to learn more . 
  whether it would or not is not related to incident between turkey and russia . 
  whataboutism does n't solve problems and two wrongs does n't make a right . 
   every action will have a reaction . 
  shooting it down would have been a wasted opportunity . 
  while i agree with that in usa 's case . 
  russian airspace violation where the jet got shut down was not the first violation . 
   i really like russian people , their history , literature and beautiful fatalistic attitude i do as well , their arts and music too . 
  there is nothing more russian than authoritarian `` strong '' leaders with harsh attitudes that limit rights of the common people . 
  even the german born princess catherine the great was exactly that . 
  [ here is the cat breed for the cat people ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/db/03/fc/db03fc22c0c1e963a2c418e1758d6a7d.jpg ) . 
  [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_angora] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_angora ), 
  i 'll take the privilege here and say i liked it when this was first announced as well . 
  there are sizeable archaeological discoveries here that are complete accidents . 
  a farmer found an 12000 year old temple while ploughing his field not long ago . 
  that 's like a b-rate movie plot . 
  good . 
  that 's definitely true . 
  if he is arrested for satire in germany , it will be a point of defence used by erdogan to say the democratic country of germany does it , so there is nothing wrong with arresting satirists . 
  even when they get criticized they get criticized for wrong reasons i feel . 
  either for things that are inconsequential in the grand scheme of things such as headscarves or things they are not related to such as isis . 
  criticizing them on actual problems such as how easy it is for them to believe in extremely prejudiced political stances would be both more constructive and more accurate i feel . 
  because the former criticism does n't solve any problems or target the right demographic . 
  what surprises and unsettles me a little bit was how fast and strongly this belief develop amongst them even though it was n't a historical reality before . 
  it only goes to show how easy it is to make a group of muslims hate the perceived other and the `` enemy '' , and do so very adamantly . 
  it is one of the real issues with islam that never gets discussed . 
  made my year . 
  love you for this . 
  one of the better adaptations if not the best i have read of it .
