  unfortunately in politics , especially in countries who are still developing , image is more important than action . 
  it is also self-fulfilling , if you paint an image well , you can use that image to deflect criticism . 
  he came to power in a political climate that was easy for him to build an image and he did well in protecting that image even after extent of his actions were long over . 
  the polarization and the history of coups before him helped him much and the actions of western media still does . 
  unfortunately turkish left also has a lot of problems , especially in terms of identity issues , foreign policy goals and what to actually do with minorities as well . 
  none of the kids should be charged ideally . 
  justice system should be for justice , not vengeance . 
  male and female are age neutral terms , they tend to be used that way . 
  i am not in germany and i do n't live in izmir or istanbul . 
  besides , that sounds like manipulation . 
  i would rather say what i feel instead of saying what i think people will like me for saying . 
  anyway i see your point better now but you are exception to the rule i feel . 
  turks find it hard often to feel sympathy for west because they do n't feel like they get any sympathy at all . 
  especially people who do n't understand the political climate of the middle-east aside from `` isis is bad and turks support isis '' . 
  in fact we often get treated like fascist genocidal maniac invaders that are becoming more islamic by the minute . 
  that has led a lot of people act the part too or at least feel disdain for europeans who consider them as barbarians . 
  even if they might not be supportive of the government or dislike it more than they do . 
  it has became the parallel of leftist turks who dislike effect of islam on turks to project their hatred on arabs , those who dislike the depictions of all turks based on not even majority made by western media to project their hatred on europeans . 
  i do n't agree with either of those projections but it happens . 
  there is a common saying here about `` the turk has no friend but the turk '' . 
  i do n't understand western left at all . 
  do n't see why you deleted the comment instead of editing it , anyway my response is same as [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/49bbfz/turkish_police_fire_rubber_bullets_to_break_up/d0qqoxt ) . 
  i disagree with akp 's foreign policy , its support of fsa and it is actions against kurds both in turkey and outside . 
  yet , turkey was cornered to that position and has became a scapegoat for the mess in syria even though turkey did n't cause it nor actually do anything that was against nato 's interests . 
  also i do n't want turkey to be close in relationships with saudi arabia but what alternatives are left , especially the way turkey is painted in west now ? 
  you often paint it like turks are the least `` progressive '' people in the area that are on the hunt for kurds because they are feminists though . 
  even though on a population basis , turkey is the one that has the most potential ( albeit a failed one ) to be a progressive society . 
  it is a really long story which would be worth an essay here . 
  i have explained it briefly [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/49bbfz/turkish_police_fire_rubber_bullets_to_break_up/d0qnjm1 ) . 
  you can read about military coups in turkey and events and policies done in 90s that was perceived oppression of turkish left towards religious side of turkey . 
  also even though majority of turkey does n't vote for erdogan , the part that votes for him is a bloc while rest of the country is divided . 
  you can also read about gulen movement , that gained power in american backed 80s coup , which helped erdogan come to power and which ironically after their clash if interests in 2013 , started going for each other 's throats that has resulted in police going for their news outlet zaman recently . 
  erdogan 's policies are not islamization but rather caused polarization , making his voter bloc stronger and the predominant majority . 
  he exploited the already present distrust among turkish conservative voterbase for left and he presented himself as a person who is for rights of the population that has been suppressed before , for example he gave kurds most rights anyone has in history of turkey and we had 2 kurdish presidents before him . 
  he is a populist that plays religion and traditional values , he also gets support of middle-class conservatives due his policies that greatly benefit them as well . 
  his term also coincided with foreign investment and a boom in tourism industry which actually more than doubled gdp of turkey . 
  he lifted headscarf ban in universities that was put in 90s , which became a political symbol afterwards , gaining even more of a support amongst religious folk and attaining a status of liberator . 
  people were exhausted in early 2000s of the almost 40 years long of political and military clash , as well as broken down to many smaller factions and there was only one bloc that could get a strong majority and that was what he was appealing to . 
  he is also quite good at manipulation to cover his corruption and populism by silencing opposition as well as painting groups against him ( such as gulen media or chp 's left ) as people that are against the unity and of a strong turkey . 
  the reason his party still got a strong majority in latest elections is because rest of the groups refuse to give each other votes and there is many disinformation spread directly and indirectly by akp , such as chp being incompetent in economical areas and not being able to keep up in foreign policy against world players and hdp being in support of pkk ( which they do n't make a good case against , to try and keep their kurdish votes from that group ) . 
  turks ( and kurds ) also have an at least thousand year tradition of respecting authority and strong leaders , even ataturk which has introduced democracy and individual rights here is made to a cult of personality , a strong and outspoken leader that stood up against foreign powers . 
  that tradition was never broken because turks never had to fight for democracy but got it as a result in their fight against foreign powers . 
   he 's destroying decades ' worth of progress for no better reason than self interest . 
  like what decades worth of progress ? 
  turkey has made no progress between death of ataturk and now in a meaningful way . 
  it was shit then it is shit now . 
  turkey has been taking one step forward and three steps back for a long time now . 
  erdogan benefited from circumstances that allowed a centre-right conservative party to get most votes as it did because of the unstable political situation before him . 
  he is a centre-right corrupt populist traditionalist in the long list of corrupt populist traditionalists since 60s . 
  you have absolutely no knowledge of turkey 's republic history and politics , that 's why you do n't understand why he is elected , nor do you have any knowledge of what he is doing , aside from `` islamization '' of turkey you have heard from media articles . 
  i dislike erdogan but they often misrepresent his actions under a different light , attributing them to wrong reasons . 
  he is a corrupt populist media manipulator not some sort of woman hating , neo-caliphate that is trying to kill people because they are too progressive . 
  especially ignoring the context and history of how he got to place in first place , like the recent events about zaman , western media makes it sound like as if erdogan did n't like how leftist and liberal zaman was and it is why it got closed . 
  this actually makes the situation worse for us in turkey because turks see how erdogan is misrepresented in western media and they start to think everything west says about erdogan is propaganda , the actual truth about him gets disregarded among fearmongering of sensationalist media . 
  increasing support for him , because people think he is not as bad as media paints him he is . 
  i did n't simplify american culture , i said in context of american culture , the word has different meanings than in rest of the world . 
  this is opposite of simplifying it , rather it is to put it to perspective of american culture as a whole . 
  as i said above , i am quite a fan of american cultural exports and american culture in general , there are few things i dislike sure but that does n't mean i am nitpicking to put it on a bad light just because i mentioned it . 
  no need to be so defensive . 
  i do like american cultural exports in general , what i do n't like is how with them also comes american specific politics that are projected upon rest of the world . 
  especially racial tensions and type of liberal versus conservative politics unique to america . 
  i do n't know if you noticed but i speak english and i barely read erdogan 's published media . 
  in fact only turkish news i read are milliyet occassionally . 
  yes , erdogan 's media manipulation and populism is main reason for the amount of votes his party gets , that does n't change the fact if people wanted to change regime , it would n't happen with a revolution the way it happened in arab countries which arab spring took place . 
  considering you would be opposing at the very least 40 % of the population which have voted for his party . 
  besides , the military coups against conservative parties in the past is what caused parties like erdogan 's to gain as much support as it did , rural voter base started distrusting left and started harbouring beliefs like if chp got all of the votes they would ban religion and such ( which is still dumb but not without a basis due hardcore secularism from left ) . 
  not to mention the 80s military coup is what gave rise to islamists to gain as much power as they did amongst the struggle between left and right . 
  so please , do n't make comments on a country whose political history as well as its political identity is as complex as turkey with what you have heard of erdogan in sensationalist western media . 
  erdogan is shit but not for the reasons he is often painted in the west and there is a reason he got as much support as he did and still does . 
  he probably did it to enforce the memes about chp mentality . 
   sorry i am the one to have to tell you in such a public manner , please teach me more about my country , it is fascinating , i am sure you are very well educated on the topic with all the news titles of last 3 years under your belt . 
  hint : turkey is still a democracy in which parties are chosen by popular vote , predominant majority of the country ( 40 % ~ ) voted for akp . 
  it makes no sense for population to rise up to the regime if the majority has voted for that regime , it would require no less than a civil war or a coup to change a regime that majority of people voted for . 
  i never thought i would actually be defending erdogan until i started visiting english speaking platforms on the internet that discuss politics . 
  why would an arab spring happen in turkey ? 
  the fuck . 
  what ? 
  we have many types of cheese and we use them on various food , especially pastry . 
  you must be thinking of a specific type of white cheese that might look like starch . 
  i have started to believe this 2a1za guy is an agent of erdogan to apply reverse psychology to get more erdogan supporters on the internet . 
  i swear this guy could convert an anarcho-communist to an akp voter . 
  we do use vegetables with our kebaps often especially if they are wrapped in flat bread , sometimes cheese as well but to mix them like that ? 
  oh well , i will reserve judgement before i have eaten it but doubt i ever will eat it . 
  it looks like someone was carrying salad as a side with d\u00f6ner and accidentally mixed it and called it a new thing and people ate it up , both literally and figuratively . 
  what is this abomination ? 
  so what ? 
  that word has negative baggage because of how it is used in america and specific history of slavery in america . 
  why would it be offensive to swedes or swedish blacks ? 
  america really should stop exporting their racial tensions to rest of the world . 
  what sort of kebap ? 
  europeans seem to have this odd perception that the kebap is a specific food , when in actually it is a type of food , like soups . 
  i bet no one would bat an eye if i went there and opened a shop that sells [ beyti ] ( https://eatingankara.files.wordpress.com/2009/09/dsc_0800-2009-09-03-at-10-56-20.jpg ) . 
  it is still one of the best if you are highly skilled and educated . 
  there are better yes but sweden is still one of the best in that scenario . 
  i would personally prefer usa as best country if you have good education and proper skill . 
  ca n't you say you are a transbrown muslim shia and saudis are oppressive ? 
  take one for the team . 
  you should stop it . 
  saudi islam is the most extreme form of it and it is associated with two biggest islamic terrorist groups today . 
  that 's blacksea coast .
