  muhammad himself based his religion on eastern orthodoxy and judaism . 
  are you saying that 's not real christianity ? 
  abrahamic religions are all same thrash from same corner of earth that had significant cultural contributions because of unity and hope it gave to people . 
  the difference is between christians and muslims . 
  christians moved on and made religion a cultural and historical aspect while for muslims islam is still a significant part of their life . 
  if a religion is judged by how much its followers are not actually following it , there is no reason to defend that religion on basis of the religion but rather defend it on basis of individuals , which europeans are doing better at not being delusional . 
  trying too hard , lad . 
  i am a big fan of yours , no sarcasm . 
  kurds have different beliefs and ideologies . 
  erdogan has a lot of kurdish supporters . 
  i do n't know why people want desperately make this into an ethnic conflict . 
  habsburgs run spanish empire to ground though . 
  both by mismanagement and inbreeding . 
  red army conquered berlin , congratulations russia !, 
  that looks like the traditional turkish houses here in anatolia . 
  both sides of my family are also from that region . 
  can i start building monuments of alexander yet ? 
  yes , same , not worse . 
  government after government it always devolves into same situation . 
  at this point i am convinced this is what people want . 
  nietzsche 's philosophy might be a little incoherent but it was deliberately so . 
  he disliked scientific approach to thought . 
  eastern roman empire without eastern mediterranean ? 
  what 's the point . 
  i would n't say it was first serious insight into dangers of unchecked capitalism . 
  adam smith has criticised `` free market '' extensively as well , although at his time `` capitalism '' was n't really understood as a system or ideology . 
  they are related of course , stalin declared himself a marxist-leninist after all but to blame marx for them ? 
  that 's so absurd . 
  turkics and mongols are n't same people . 
  it 's like saying dutch have spanish origin because they used to be part of the same state at some point . 
  especially not the turks that came to anatolia , i.e seljuks and turkics from caspian sea area , through iran and caucasus into anatolia . 
  arabs ( i assume you mean the hejazi and gulf arabs ) had very little genetic impact on overall mixture of eastern mediterranean . 
  they mostly just replaced the ruling class of places they conquered and could not change the genetic admixture of settled and populous eastern mediterraneans in any significant margin . 
  phoenicians would likely look like people of levant today . 
  semitic people who spoke a semitic language . 
  people blaming marx for crimes of post-stalin cccp is as ridiculous as blaming nietzsche for crimes of nazi germany . 
  the ethnic groups are n't really divided by west/east line like that . 
  it 's much more scrambled than that , especially because of refugees coming from balkan wars and caucasus during 19th century onwards . 
  armenians used to be majority in most of eastern anatolia for example . 
  it 's funny to me how similar turkish and kurdish nationalists sound . 
  where do you live by the way ? 
  because no one who lives in either turkey or iraq would deny the fact kurds on average are more conservative , even the far left ones tend to be more traditionalists in an ironic twist . 
  turks are much more nationalistic on average however . 
  europe i assume ? 
  the reason hijab became a political and social identifier was the ban in the first place . 
  now wearing hijab is basically signalling you support akp . 
  hijab ban was a bad thing no matter what way you look at it , especially bad if you want turkey to be disconnected from religion . 
  i think we need secularism but not nationalism . 
  unfortunately in here the two are closely linked together . 
  very low information culture in turkey , it 's no surprise . 
  it has been always like this . 
  good answer , much better than others have been that has played into erdogan 's hands by allowing him to play the victim . 
  i think it might be one of those \u00e7i\u011f k\u00f6fte things as well . 
  are you always this pedantic or is it only against people who post with a turkish flag ? 
  i am fairly certain `` genocidal intent '' was as disclosed as a statement regarding genocide can be . 
  here have these posts : [ [ 1 ] ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/53syce/greece_rejects_asylum_requests_by_three_turkish/d7x5rd6/?context=3 ) [ [ 2 ] ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4snq75/president_of_armenia_we_do_not_accuse_turkish/d5au0cx/?context=3 ), 
   as well as acknowledge the genocidal intent by three pashas have you failed to read this part ? 
   ne mutlu turkum diyene not these days unfortunately . 
   it really is an amazing country what gave you the idea ? 
  i live here and i do n't see anything amazing . 
  except tea and food , those are good . 
  i would say kelime would be word and s\u00f6z would be speech . 
  erdogan actually started out fairly pro-kurdish and had a strong support amongst kurds precisely because he seemed to not want to persecute them unlike previous governments . 
  during part of his early terms he lifted many discriminatory laws against kurds , such as bans on kurdish language and even opened state sponsored kurdish channels . 
  after 2011 and when hdp started gaining trajectory he seemed to abandon this pro-kurdish stance . 
  i agree that turkey should recognise kurdish as a minority language already and let kurdish education happen alongside turkish ones in southeast , as well as acknowledge the genocidal intent by three pashas but i feel like we have much more to fix before we 'll reach that type of dialogue as our main problems . 
  are you asking me to list every religiously motivated conflict in europe in past two millennia ? 
  besides , i did n't make a claim that it 's different or the same , i was only informing you on context and background of armenian genocide because a lot of people wrongly assume three pashas and enver in specific was religiously motivated when he was more of a nationalist , of the early 20th century flavour . 
  only indirectly , they were n't targeted because they were christians , they were targeted because they were armenians living in eastern anatolia . 
  do you think issues with kurds today are because they are muslims as well ? 
  armenian genocide was n't a religious issue , the three pashas organised it for nationalistic issues . 
  enver later on went to central asia to organise a turkic uprising against russia as well and was promptly killed . 
  a lot of them have been doing these for years , they tend to know how to thread carefully . 
  also yes , satire is targeted less , still targeted but they are not on the same level of journalists . 
  you have to understand that erdogan and his flock target dissemination of information , so only their version of media will be available to public . 
  they gain nothing in particular by targeting satire because satire is usually based off of government 's media and presence anyhow so they do n't really rival the media but is a variation of it . 
  yeah not only state media but a lot of conspiracy theorists in turkey itself , honestly i blame the weak information culture in turkey . 
  as well as low internet penetration and a general culture like russia that values a strong leader . 
  i am for example an atheist and while i would n't call myself a kemalist because i do not like state-militarism or nationalism , i vote for chp however due other reasons . 
  my closest friend votes for akp and wants to vote yes in the referendum , he rationalised his decision so deep and approaches it from such an angle that without proper information you 'd be almost compelled to agree . 
  he does n't speak english very well and thus most of his information is from state media or interaction with other turks , even when i talk to him about it and explain the down sides , it 's not something you can easily talk someone out of when they rationalised themselves into it . 
  especially when it 's grounded on a couple successful terms by erdogan in early 2000s and the political turmoil that creates many layers of obfuscation both in turkey and syria . 
  when erdogan can present himself as protecting interests of turkish people and turkish state against europe 's , usa 's and everyone and their mother 's attempt to weaken the state , it seems like a logical choice . 
  it 's not really easy to see for someone who is watching it from sidelines and can objectively look at the situation , when you are in the middle of it and do n't have same type of knowledge network , you do n't really get to make informed decisions , you just use logic on limited and controlled information you have and rationalise your position , we all do it , some of us just have more information so the results tend to be better . 
  that 's exactly reason why i do n't understand some people asking how half of the country could vote for this . 
  not that i would defend their position but i understand how a lot of people get pulled into it . 
  it 's not like erdogan is saying that he will make turkey dictatorship and keep it under an iron rule where he enriches his pockets . 
  he is most often telling in domestic media this change will transfer the will of power to a direct control of the people , eliminate the power struggles , fix the economy , stop the terror , solve the conflict in southeast and present rhetoric such as `` what 's better way to judge a president than directly rest his power in the hands of voters ? '' . 
  most people that vote for him are n't voting for an islamofascist dictatorship , they just buy lies . 
  some , however , do vote for that or personal gain . 
  i am not interested in having this conversation with a nationalist . 
  think what you want to think , i do n't care in the slightest . 
  that looks more like meatballs rather than a kebap . 
  hey , it works when you actually have superior firepower and more experienced crew that can fire more frequently !, 
  dutch always had a good taste in ships , perfect combination of aesthetics and tax evasion . 
  really ? 
  trafalgar battle is not very hard , just do n't try to out fight the british ships , they just fire more frequently and you ca n't handle them . 
  use french ships ' superior speed to outmanoeuvre them . 
  gorgeous . 
  hindus are called hint , indians are called hindistanl\u0131 , the bird is called hindi .
