  proper nouns are indeed separated by ' with all cases ( iyelik and h\u00e2l in specific ) , the exception is however with institution and establishments . 
  it would be t\u00fcrkiye ` dir and t\u00fcrkiye ` ye , so on and so forth . 
  edit : i also do n't think t\u00fcrkiye ` yim is something you would ever read , i guess in that case t\u00fcrkiye would be counted as a normal proper noun . 
  it caught me off guard as well , because it just seemed wrong but it is grammatically correct . 
  u like in `` true '' , umut means hope . 
  i just ca n't see the arguments against it that could possibly gain public favour . 
  also being the military alliance it is , it likely also does n't care much for public favour . 
  leaving eu makes some sense , as it is an economical entity that requires direct concessions and compromises and has its own political structure . 
  there is just absolutely no reason to leave nato unless uk wanted to go rogue . 
  because people do n't like to admit that they might be lacking the knowledge and expertise required to make complex geopolitical and economic decisions ? 
  i am glad the uk referendum happened , if people of uk wanted to choose for themselves , that 's a great thing in my book , i respect people 's right to make mistakes . 
  it is just a bit unfortunate on people who did not , however . 
  as opposed to whom ? 
  besides `` leftism means the power of intellectuals '' is an incredibly overreaching statement . 
  thanks for your concern , i am likely safe , nowhere close to the capital or istanbul . 
  it is upsetting but expected , thinking this would be the last one would be wishful thinking , considering isis or pkk does n't seem to be going anywhere any time soon . 
  doubt this will be the last either this year . 
  why would they ever leave nato ? 
   all humans are tribal by nature humans are tribalistic by nature but not nationalistic . 
  projecting the tribalism humans possess as nationalism is a fairly new phenomenon in human history . 
  the tribalism of human nature often ignored things like `` nation '' historically . 
  every single time there is an explosion in turkey , this same comment . 
  hint turkey has been middle-east for a millenium now . 
  you do n't get considered middle-east or not based on explosions per month . 
  france is fairly active militarily . 
  they deploy overseas and i 'd say their power projection is greater than that of uk . 
  uk has more soft-power . 
  does n't france have a larger army than uk and is n't france more militarily active ? 
  i think france qualifies as the strongest and oldest ally of us , even though they did n't back us up in iraq war ( rightly so , in hindsight ) . 
  well they are islamists . 
  it goes without saying that they are thick . 
  a lot of them also dislike jews in general not just those who are involved in and supportive of israeli expansion . 
  do n't act as if conspiracy theories about israeli involment in turkish politics is n't common , those people who also think everyone but turks are involved in turkish politics and the sultan erdo\u011fan , the shadow of god will protect us . 
  him or the three crescents of course . 
   hey now , we 're the ones who helped gb conquer it in the first place . 
  scotland was also on charles ' side during war of spanish succession , so was austria and portugal . 
  it was n't as much so `` conquered '' as it was given as a concession so england would recognise house of bourbon as rulers of spain , alongside with spanish habsburg holdings being ceded back to , well , habsburgs and phillip giving claims on french throne . 
  funny how spain managed to basically lose what started as a civil war . 
  i never claimed otherwise . 
  in fact i think / u/alpha023 is white-washing the anti-semitism in turkey . 
  however , my statement was not at all related to current turkish public sentiment but just giving a historical background . 
  anyone left of mussolini is far left . 
  i do n't know how to feel about belonging to that rarity . 
  return erdel back to us !, 
  exactly what came to my mind as well . 
  historically there has been absolutely no problems between turks and jews . 
  in fact , for example in balkans , during rebellions jews were killed alongside with turks . 
  i feel like even during the sultane they were n't considered to be a different minority , considering even the very radically nationalistic young turks that were against non-turkish presence in anatolia left jews alone . 
  turkey also recognised existence of israel very early . 
  sorry , it was lost on me , i realized after re-reading . 
  they are still people , they can make mistakes . 
  besides they often need to concentrate and stay where they are , they ca n't just move around to pick the necessary tools . 
  a lot of people were racist dicks at that point . 
  i am aware that germany had an anti-semitic sentiment and episodes of genocide before ww2 as well but my point was largely about voter base not the officials . 
  i was ' t referring to leave voters as a whole , i have no attachment to uk 's leave vote one way or another , i also agree the remain side has been too arrogant and snobbish . 
  i was referring to the cases of attacks and discrimination specifically , not the greater political effects of brexit . 
  i never said it represent a majority within uk or even a significant portion of people who voted in the referendum . 
  what i said is intense propaganda affects people to act irrationally , propaganda uk had a fair share of in last months . 
  these are not some isolated cases of random outbursts but show direct correlation with campaigns and vote results itself . 
  citizenship requires in most countries 5 years of continued residence and work and often a lot of the people might simply be children of immigrants born in british soil . 
  a 45 year old pole or a 50 year old indian is likely to be already citizen of the state and likely eligible to vote . 
  i am asking these questions exactly because they have obvious answers . 
  you are defending a hypothetical point of rationality that simply does n't exist here and projecting it on people who are simply acting out of fear and anger to shield them . 
  i never said people should n't be concerned about cultural clashes if the country of origin is completely different , underdeveloped and oppressive or that natives should n't have right to voice their opinions about the job market competition immigration causes . 
  yet these are not what we are arguing about is it ? 
  we are talking about unadulterated discrimination based on ethnic lines . 
  so do you think using of polish people as a scapegoat was because rational consideration of outdated and oppressive cultures abroad ? 
  also on the flip side , would you deport a native which holds beliefs that women or other people are secondary class citizens and should be treated as such ? 
  who do you think you are talking to ? 
  what do you assume my stance on immigration policy is ? 
  i think you have seen too many strawman comics and now assume everyone who disagrees with you to belong to this group of hivemind that all share same political viewpoint and are for completely unregulated immigration . 
  now you are saying i am racist because you think i am solely defending people on racial basis , even when i explicitly mentioned poles ( white europeans ) , asians . 
  i do not consider people depending on ethnic or racial lines , what i am seeing here is individuals being discriminated based on other individuals , because they happen to share same country of origin or simply on the fault of not having the preferred country of origin as people who made those comments . 
  hint , i do not support unregulated immigration and i am actually for complete deportation of criminals and unregistered immigrants . 
  you forgot to draw the line between `` being careful about who you let in '' and kicking everyone out . 
  i guess there is no line to be drawn for you , if they are foreign they can be kicked out . 
  what about the poles that suffer from this or the asian immigrants , are they muslim too ? 
  muslim is n't a race after all . 
  of course that does n't matter , it is about the women in third world countries , that 's definitely why they want to deport the women as well , do you feel like the prince on your white horse defending oppressed women when you are justifying the actions of those who want to kick said women out ? 
  stop trying to hide behind these morals you supposedly have , at least have the spine to be honest about what you support . 
  so you are saying racism against immigrants is justifiable because few of them are criminals but also defending majority racists because few of them have reasonable concerns ? 
  turning blind eye to crime done by immigrants just because they happen to be immigrants is as despicable as turning blind eye to racism because some might have legitimate concerns . 
  what did people think would happen ? 
  you ca n't run a campaign of fear , misinformation and xenophobia that is downright propaganda and expect people to act rationally after . 
  events like these makes me understand how germans got radicalised to the point of genocide during ww2 and how muslims can be so impulsive and violent , how people born in european countries can be indoctrinated to committing acts of terror taking so many people 's lives . 
  i guess i should be no stranger to polarising propaganda but still for some reason i expect better from people deep inside . 
   cyprus eventually agreed to the deal with turkey despite it being a very problematic isusue for them . 
  that 's because turkey is currently backing cyprus unification . 
  would n't it be the most logical to allow the referendum after article 50 is triggered ? 
  considering the reason scots want another referendum is because of uk 's decision to leave eu . 
  too real man . 
   however , he presents with some delusions of grandeur [ ... ] he buys unnecessarily large quantities of objects and he makes tons of bread to his wife 's chagrin . 
  he also shows unjustified euphoria ( which he labels joie de vivre ) : for example in the morning he opens the windows and shouts bonjour stating that it is a wonderful day . 
  sounds french alright . 
  our politicians need to stop sperging about this matter , even if they do n't accept it , better to stay silent . 
  neither mine , people do n't tend to think and consider these events rationally . 
  turkey 's intervention and invasion of cyprus was well within legal limits of international law , however their subsequent occupation and resettlement was not , thus northern cyprus is embargoed and is considered occupied . 
  northern cyprus is embargoed and is considered occupied . 
  switzerland does just fine and they get informed on decisions they are voting on . 
  i guess though it would be wrong to compare to switzerland to other countries , they operate on a whole different level than rest of us .
