  they also sucked the two of the richest countries at the time dry . 
  i hate the hercules movies . 
  i believe that 's the colours of habsburg monarchy . 
  he did n't think that actually , he supported the research on the theory . 
  research has proven it was unlikely and it was n't the only theory at the time about people claiming their language was connected to sumerians . 
  i do n't know why this media article would conveniently forget about this part :  `` toplumsal cinsiyet e\u015fitli\u011fini yayg\u0131nla\u015ft\u0131rarak adil bir toplum var etmeliyiz . 
  kad\u0131nlar\u0131m\u0131za siyasetten akademiye , i\u015f d\u00fcnyas\u0131ndan sanata her alanda geni\u015f bir alan a\u00e7mal\u0131y\u0131z '' it translates into :  `` we should be creating a just community by spreading values of social equality . 
  we should be opening positions to our women in all fields from politics to academics and business to arts . '', 
  also what she said is taken out of context , that sentence starts as :  `` harem was in actuality a school for the members of ottoman royalty . '', 
  akp , erdo\u011fan and his wife are bad enough without misrepresenting them and spreading disinformation , i do n't see why western media is so fond of showing them worse than they actually are , it is n't necessary . 
  that 's fantastic . 
  thanks for the information . 
  well , what are they trying to prove with that narrative ? 
  what is the logic in following the example of people in policies you disapprove of ? 
  sufis are cool . 
  i do n't think we have deserts but we do have steppes and bunch of sand . 
  would [ this ] ( http://i.hizliresim.com/vay4vb.jpg ) do ? 
  i was mostly joking because turkey 's scenery is very varied from region to region , do n't think any one picture can capture all of it . 
  what 's wrong with minarets ? 
  i think they add somewhat of a magical charm to the skylines . 
  people would rather watch the world burn if it proves their point instead of see it improve against their predictions . 
  does n't have anything to do with right or left wing in particular . 
  how many do you think share your viewpoints ? 
  i would want foreigners to adopt and integrate to culture of countries they immigrate to . 
  however the type of people which immigrate to tend to also be not greatly educated or in search of cultural change but an economic one , unfortunately . 
  the uprising and subsequent oppression happened after abductions . 
  before that spanish assumed ( wrongly ) that napoleon was an ally to them . 
  napoleon himself was not in favour of allowing bourbons to stay in power in spain , exactly because french themselves dethroned bourbons and his image back in paris would likely lessen if he allowed them to rule in spain and because he thought he and his army would be received well for getting rid of bourbons entirely because spanish were not a fan of charles iv . 
  bailen or talavera were n't against napoleon 's own forces but rather his left over army . 
  napoleon and his actual army were n't present in either of those battles , you would be wrong to assume any spanish troops guerilla or not had any chance at all against napoleon 's actual forces . 
  he just could n't afford to stay in spain and permanently occupy it with his main force . 
  also mostly it was guerillas in country side ambushing french forces that has started french treating the population terribly . 
   it rather was because he occupied the country with dutch and polish mercenaries that had to be fed , clothed and armed by the same population they were terrorizing . 
  for free . 
  that sort of took place after spanish refused to accept joseph , rather than before that . 
  the army tried to put down guerillas by force and terrorized the country-side . 
  besides , napoleon 's actual army saw no resistance in spain , it was soldiers left over because of the guerillas that were doing that . 
  also i was only half serious . 
  they refused joseph because most of the people were in favour of king 's son and they felt betrayed by napoleon i feel . 
  i was making a joke about siestas and fiestas at the expense of spaniards . 
  [ this one ] ( http://media-2.web.britannica.com/eb-media/86/115086-004-e261abca.jpg ), 
  just ask any austrian if he thinks a 3rd generation turkish immigrant is austrian . 
  i do n't approve of immigrants that refuse to integrate but the outlooks are n't any different from other side either . 
  i mean you can see here people do n't consider brownies austrians either , even if they considered themselves austrian first . 
   27 % of turks are not even against isis . 
  70 million times 27 % is about 20 million muslim turks living next door and not against isis . 
  73 % said they are against it and 19 % said they did n't know . 
  so that 's an actual 8 % that you could say that are n't against . 
  this number is from a year ago , before attacks on turkey . 
  besides what are the sample sizes for these ? 
   recently , an mp from chp , main opposition to your dictator , said that more than 10.000 turkish youths have joined isis . 
  why does it matter if he said anything ? 
   another report puts the percentage of turks in isis at 10 % out of 15000 , that would actually make it 1.500 , less than people from france . 
   turkish intelligence service , mit , who could not do anything about 200 of `` kurdish citizens '' being blown up by isis member turks , declares 3000 turks are fighting for isis . 
  this is official . 
  this said 3000 people in turkey have ties to isis , did n't say anything about whether they are turkish citizens or not . 
  so out of all these links , we have 1.500 , which is the official estimate that puts turkey at a very low amount per capita , less than that of france and sweden . 
  so you did n't prove me wrong . 
   your efforts of trying to downplay your support for isis , trying to paint your dictator as a democratic leader etc on this sub and / r/worldnews is getting more and more disgusting everyday . 
  literally all non meta discussions on / r/turkey translate to `` worldnews hates us , what can we do about this , friends ? '', 
  what the fuck are you even talking about lad ? 
  thanks for telling me i support isis , even though that 's not statistically very likely at 8 % , i am an individual not a minister of akp . 
   just leave , will you ? 
  go join your special / r/terrorists sub and do n't pretend to be a part of the western world . 
  you never will be . 
  i did n't say we are part of western world . 
   we will not allow you in the eu or let you gain visa free travel just because you pretend to be fighting against isis while fighting for it . 
  uh , let 's accept for the sake of argument akp supports isis and the statistics you gave extrapolates correctly to rest of the population and that 8 % of 70 million people are in completely support of isis . 
  that would put vast majority of turkey against akp and against isis still . 
  i mean let alone the fact i never said anything about eu membership and you did not disprove information i gave and the numbers you have given accurately puts turkey at less isis fighters per capita than france , finland and sweden ? 
   and forget about that in the first place , before you officially apologize and make amends for the 1 million armenians you commit genocide against . 
  cherry on top i assume ? 
  however these do n't have anything about what i wrote or what you wrote . 
  you just completely exploded on me without knowing my political stance , my stance of isis , my stance on eu , my stance on armenian genocide and my stance on akp . 
  are you daft or is your life one based on stereotypes and memes ? 
  you get used to it , being told of your own appearance , beliefs and politics . 
  i read a lot of the things people write about turks and i just think i must have missed the memo . 
   seselj is charged in the hague with inciting murder and ethnic persecution during wars in bosnia and croatia as yugoslavia fell apart . 
  this is a bit vague , what exactly did he do ? 
  i think it is because joseph tried to modernize and reform spain against the wishes of the population . 
  napoleon thought very wrong when he assumed spaniards would be okay with that because they hated the old king . 
  turkey has very low , amongst the lowest isis fighters per capita . 
  lower than finland , france and way lower than sweden . 
  i speak turkish as my mother tongue but forgot to apply for the brown skin , do i have to go to france or sweden for that ? 
  i like how a french monarchy is still in place in spain while france is a republic . 
  i guess it became symbolic during civil war . 
  i still do n't get and will never understand why spanish fought so hard to keep bourbon monarchy in peninsular war as well . 
  romania is doing great lately against corruption . 
  can anyone give me a background on when exactly this started ? 
   bread economics that 's not how it works . 
  not everything increases in price proportionally as average wealth increases . 
  this is most obvious at cheapest sources of food as you start to pay more for employees ' work hours per bread produced . 
  this is also the reason why in poorer countries food tends to be cheaper overall , not because they are using cheaper ingredients but because the worker is paid more for the work hours . 
  it looks post-modern . 
  i like it actually . 
  turkey does n't really score all that high in approval ratings in us too . 
  i think latest one showed neutral at best . 
  however average turk is completely clueless about geopolitics and only remembers us invasion of iraq . 
  forgetting everything else . 
  us had really high approval here before 2003 , i think highest of any foreign country .
