  that 's an astute observation but phenotype variance is not race . 
  do you consider people with blue or green eyes to be different races ? 
  race based on phenotype is social perception , if you consider swedish to be different `` race '' than spanish because they look different when they could and probably would have less genetic variance than 2 black africans from different parts of africa which you could n't tell are different due lack of familiarity with them , it 's entirely feelings . 
  read my other posts . 
  there are genome differences between groups of humans but no racial division , instead it 's a linear and overlapping correlation based on location , distance and history of migration . 
  there is no white , black , hispanic and asian race as americans classify it and that classification is a social concept . 
  people like `` fun `` posting more . 
  memes get old after a while . 
  serious discussions are where it 's at . 
  there are turkish imams in uk or france ? 
  yes , there are genetic and physiological differences on average between different groups of humans but quite literally all anthropologists suggest we are all homo sapiens sapiens and there are no subgroups of humans and differences of average between humans are less variant than individuals , thus race based on phenotype is a social concept of feelings . 
  not to mention society , culture and environment are much more distinct features that are also fluid and can shape groups much more sharply . 
  all in all its fairly irrelevant and i think individual differences matter much more than `` racial '' background and a lot of anthropologists would suggest so as well . 
  people are much more varying individually than statistical averages and concurrent accepted norms , and i like it that way . 
  what a boring world would it be if only thing that mattered was statistical averages ? 
  there is no race you can fit in these genetic differences and genome groupings . 
  there is no white , black , brown and whatever else race you can tell by phenotype . 
  race is an american concept of social background based on feelings . 
  there are genetic variances between different groups of humans but these are neglible , much less important than individual differences . 
  look if you talked to me 2 or 3 year so ago we could circlejerk together about stupid delusional leftists refusing to acknowledge race as i was also nationalist but thankfully i got curious and started to read about it . 
  amongst other things . 
  genome grouping does not equal race . 
  there is no `` white race '' or `` black race '' , there are readable and detectable genetic similarities between human groups living together obviously but no such thing as race . 
  race is a feeling based on looks and two black people you would group together as `` black race '' could have more genetic variance between them than an ethiopian and a `` white person '' . 
  more importantly anthropologists count these differences as neglible and suggest that characteristic differences between individuals can vary more than the average of people belonging to different `` races '' . 
  as i said i am on phone and not at home , you can find countless papers on why race is a category based on feelings of phenotypes and why genetic variance between human groups does not equal race any more than children of two different families does not equal race even though you can tell who the father is by genome . 
  i am on phone a simple google search will show you race is a concept based on feelings loosely correlating with phenotype while anthropologists themselves explain variance itself based on location is more linear and ca n't be categorised by 19th century pseudo-science . 
  you seem to have cooked your brain on shitty memes . 
  do n't let me get in the way of your feelings about what you feel is right about science . 
  your shock humour could use some improvement also . 
  yes and in reality there is no such thing as race . 
  frankly i would care as much as i care about fyrom case . 
  that is i would find it inaccurate and ridiculous but would n't really mind it as i am fairly disconnected from ethnocentrism and nationalism . 
  i am sure majority of turks would make a big deal of it . 
  yes that type of mustache and attire was typical amongst young turks . 
  add a fez and they would fit right in with three pashas . 
  also what do you mean by anatolian turks ? 
  i was born in anatolia but i am part bulgarian for example . 
  representation of religion increased with promince of media but not dispropotionally so . 
  rural and more religious people also started to move to cities which increased visibility of religion . 
  however society as a whole did not become more religious , the opposite religious people became less conservative . 
  the issues you are speaking of such as budget of diyanet and headscarves opening doors are issues of corruption and polarisation . 
  such as headscarf becoming a symbol of identity after the ban and now you can see ridiculously ironic sights such as women with tight jeans and thin shirts wearing headscarves . 
  diyanet issue is an entirely a corruption one building mosques no one goes and employing staff no one needs , building retirement funds to friends and family of akp members . 
  do n't get me wrong this place is a toxic shithole and has been for decades ( so is kktc ) but society is not getting more religious , it is as religious as ever but more polarised . 
  well , wahhabism was born in late 18th century and was kept under control by the orthodox ottomans . 
  it is not a recent reform and reforms represent the desperation of the concurrent situation . 
  i have no idea how this can solved in the middle-east but it can be solved in europe by an understanding yet firm approach . 
  not the bening neglect versus harsh criticism debate currently taking place . 
  there are schools of islam as subsections of sunni and shia in islam with differing levels of strictness and how literal or contextual quran is supposed to be understood , turkey is hanafi for example . 
  regarding figures such as mehmet kaplan those are issues swedish politicians and left has to fix for themselves . 
  however islam is fundamentally conservative and largely traditionalist . 
  completely opposite of progressive left of sweden and i have no idea why they side with people like mehmet kaplan who would belong to the nationalist party here . 
  almost all countries in the area were founded on invented nationalist rhetoric , carved from the corpse of a corrupted empire . 
  over a century later this mentality of artificial ethnocentric nationalism still plagues the region . 
  thrace is used by both us and greeks and there are no problems either . 
  i disagree that erdogan has been islamising the country . 
  state funded religious instutions were installed by ataturk and religious classes were made into education by army following 80s coup as a defence against communists . 
  if you think lifting the ban on headscarves was a bad change i disagree . 
  i define them as irreligiousness of the state and not concerning the individual . 
  i do not delude myself into thinking a persons faith can be completely disconnected from their conscience and worldview politically or otherwise . 
  i have seen erdogan change narrative and stance quickly if his position and security internally and globally comes under threat so i trust him to act self-serving and not throw himself under the bus by changing that . 
  i do not blame you for not knowing but please do some research before making claims such as islam has been same since it has been founded or claiming there have been no reforms ( wahhabism is one ) . 
  there are also significant differences in theology and jurisprudence in different schools of islam . 
  there were modernisation attempts in middle-east in 19th and 20th century as well but political and economical situation in th region not only halted it , the progress was even reversed . 
  you consider rise of far right and extreme views in europe a natural response but think that prevalence of conservative and extreme views in middle-east an inherit trait of middle-easterners ? 
  have it never occured to you people under unfavourable circumstances might be more prone to radicalisation ? 
  such as civil wars , dictatorships and even foreign invasions ? 
  your other points such as prayer , sexual repression and blind faith are also problems in christianity and west moved on from them not because of christianity but despite it . 
  do not think i will defend islam or christianity or judaism if you attack it . 
  i simply do n't think they are problems in on themselves but rather projections problems manifest themselves in . 
  similarly how i would n't blame shinto for japanese traditionalism and extreme imperialism before and during ww2 and i would n't blame catholicism for rise of fascism in italy . 
  i would ideally want all abrahamic religions gone but misattributing problems of extremism and radicalisation does not help that cause . 
  i was born in konya and grew up in another conservative city and lived in poor neighbourhoods , spent most of my childhood outside so did n't live in a bubble either . 
  i would say confidently that while turkey is a conservative and religious country with religion influencing politics , its secularism both constutionally and ideologically is under no immediate threat . 
  in fact with recent crack down on gulenists i would say biggest threat to secularism is gone . 
  i know you are joking but i get triggered by comments about france 's military competence . 
  france could succesfully invade most of the countries in the world including all their neighbours . 
  yes , that 's what i said . 
  in fact my reply to other guy specifically says turkish population has replacement rate , when turkish turks alone do not . 
  yes you are talking about older births . 
  currently turkish population is at replacement rate , with turks actually having below replacement rate while kurds being above it . 
  turkey will soon be bigger than germany population-wise . 
  no , it wo n't . 
  turkey birthrate is at replacement level with kurds pulling the majority of the weight . 
  although syrians could change that very easily . 
  what do you mean by folks like me ? 
  why do n't they come here then ? 
  on second thought , we have have enough of them here , keep them . 
  he said `` i am going to be withdrawing all lawsuits against those insulted me for this once '' . 
  well we have actual religious highschools and universities to raise clergy . 
  so it is not all rainbow and sunshines . 
  was optional when i was last at school , i do n't know if it changed . 
  so are they here . 
  the white palace, 
  i use my middle name as well . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  also david is a popular name in middle-east too . 
  it 's a semitic name after all . 
  god is already with you , who could be against you ?
