  in fact funnily enough when people mention how `` civil liberties '' were better they are actually referring to erdogan 's first term , because it definitely was n't better in 90s and it most definitely was n't better in 80s . 
  central and eastern turkey are fairly sparsely populated and fair bit of it is completely empty , if you travel from north to south you can see that for yourself . 
  majority of the population lives in coastal areas , as well as ankara and konya , kurds live in southeast for the most part . 
  at this point ? 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  i doubt chp can even get more than 35 % of the votes , let alone win over any significant amount of previous akp voters . 
  politics in turkey work a lot like football matches for the most part , till death do us apart mentality , people defending politicians as if they are family members , so on and so forth . 
  turkey is really lacking in democracy culture and like russians , prefer a strong leader , which tend to be manipulative authoritarians that were at the right place at the right time . 
  like how erdogan was in early 2000s . 
  that 's true for the better or for the worst . 
  my point is while majority of turkey is likely anti-western , majority of turkey did not vote akp . 
  half is n't majority and they actually had less than half for the most part , albeit not by much except their first election . 
  yes , that 's why i do n't understand people making it sound like as if turkey was a heaven before erdogan came . 
  turkey was shitty back then , it is shitty now , people are just more aware of how shitty it actually is thanks to internet and tv , which is why erdogan is trying so hard to control those and succeeds fairly well at it so now everyone is a conspiracy theory expert , although this was n't that much different in 1980s or so either . 
  what a pedantic discussion we are having . 
  they did not have majority of voters , that 's a fact and you are trying to bend it around by creating new terms for majority and interchanging seats with voters . 
  if you want to call it something , call it predominant majority . 
  also mhp voters are likely way more anti-western than akp voters are , although both are fairly anti-western . 
  they got 40 % in july elections . 
  they got 49 % in november elections most of those voters were changed from mhp and hdp . 
  the participation was at 85 % . 
  so they did n't have majority of the votes , as you implied , they barely missed half in latest elections and they actually never got more than 50 % of the votes . 
  presidential elections actually had same number of votes for erdogan as akp did for latest elections at 20 million , but participation for it was very low due opposition being unknown in the country . 
  yes , in their first term they got about 35 % of the votes but over 60 % of the seats because of the seat threshold . 
  that was where this downfall started with only a third of country supporting them . 
  he was also praised by western media for being a democratic conservative improving the country back then as well . 
  he gained more supporters because under his government some of the previously limiting bans were lifted , regarding kurds and headscarves , so he gained even more support from conservatives and especially conservative kurds . 
  also economy improved under his rule so a lot of people started to believe he was a saviour after such a long political unrest and instability since 1960s . 
  the most ironic part of the raid on that media group particular is they were one of the most avid akp supporters and one of the major factors in why akp got as strong as it did . 
  akp got 40 % of votes in the last election . 
  although anti-western sentiments are not limited to akp , i would assume majority of turks are anti-western if you combine mhp votes into that as well . 
   france has been very harsh on the pkk for decades decades being last few years . 
  it is also a quite known fact here that france and belgium has been harbouring pkk members . 
   you 're just trying to find them excuses they were chanting for dead soldiers , what excuses are you talking about ? 
  you are making it sound like they were cheering for isis when that 's not true at all . 
  the chant is about soldiers that died in pkk conflict . 
  how many times do i have to explain what the chanting was about ? 
  believe whatever you want to believe . 
   turkey could cut out isis ' supply lines but the government is actually glad that isis is attacking the kurds `` the kurds '' are n't a monolithic entity . 
  turkey helps iraqi kurds , if you are asking what government 's stance is on pkk , ypg and isis , they are probably glad they are killing each other , yes . 
   middle eastern-extremely religious-authoritarian stae . 
  the authoritarian states in middle-east were secular . 
   they also took over in turkey . 
  no , they have not at all . 
  what do you mean `` took over '' ? 
  the only thing saudis `` took over '' is some luxury hotels . 
   a religious system like turkey is no good for anything , since turkey has it 's own problems where the religious affairs is too strong , and extremely wealthy and becoming more and more strong and wealthy and influential via the hand of state itself . 
  that 's a problem of corruption more than anything . 
  besides , i 'd rather our state fund the mosques and payroll the imams than saudis . 
  except you know , middle-east was colonized a century ago and up until half a century ago . 
  iraq was also recently invaded , which gave birth to isis . 
  destabilization of dictators in the area was also reason for this many refugees and terrorist organizations being able to take hold . 
  i ca n't believe people would actually advocate for the exact action that caused the problems in the first place as solution . 
  how stupid and historically unaware someone has to be ? 
  this infographic is very misleading . 
  it is done by finding the averages between countries without any regard to population size and then extrapolating it back . 
   so much support !, 
  why are you nitpicking ? 
  the same link says that pkk members spoke in french parliament before and france has been known to support them in past . 
  on top of that no silence was given by uefa for victims of pkk or isis bombing in turkey . 
   still better than giving safe passage to isis like erdogan is doing . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  turkish government has been arresting isis members and bombing isis for a long time now . 
  one fucking year of turkey not acting against isis and now everyone talks about as if turkey trained isis itself . 
  turkey even noticed france of isis connections of the bataclan shooter that was in france . 
   still fail to see how the offense of the stadium is related to that and you have given me no source on this matter . 
  source for what ? 
  i told you what they were chanting and how that chant is related to turkish soldiers dying and how it was common place after terrorist attacks . 
  whatever , believe what you want to believe . 
  i do n't think anything i say will change it anyway . 
  source for what ? 
  french harbouring pkk members ? 
  i did n't say i agree with it . 
  i gave the reasoning and he was spreading misinformation so i cleared that out . 
   some medieval-era martyrs . 
  martyr means soldiers who lost their life in a war in turkish . 
   in any case , i googled around a bit and there was indeed one ap reporter who claims to have also heard someone saying alahu akbar . 
  allah\u00fc ekber ( turkish version of it ) can be chanted along side of it and often is . 
  it is a very general phrase . 
   the general soccer-chant is undisputed to be '' \u015eehitler \u00f6lmez , vatan b\u00f6l\u00fcnmez '' . 
  yes . 
  do n't let it be said we have not done anything for greece , we gave them an independence day . 
  `` i am firmly convinced that spain is the strongest country of the world . 
  century after century trying to destroy herself and still no success '' - bismarck, 
   i remember quite well actually , the associated press ( ap ) had a reporter there who confirmed it mate , i speak turkish , they were chanting '' \u015eehitler \u00f6lmez , vatan b\u00f6l\u00fcnmez '' . 
  it was related to fact that france gave safe passage to pkk members . 
  edit : also / u/olddoc has his translation wrong , it means `` martyrs will not be forgotten , the nation ca n't be divided '' . 
  \u00d6lmez is literally `` wo n't die '' but it is metaphoric not literal in this phrase . 
  yes and what they are doing is definitely helping the situation between turks and kurds . 
  not creating hostility or indirectly helping akp at all . 
   unprecedented military deployments not propaganda at all . 
  arrest them . 
   though i actually sympathize with the kurds and their plight then you should n't be supporting pkk . 
  he was a retard for sure but arresting him seems dumb . 
  he was a bigoted asshole but that should n't be a crime as long as they are n't calling for or promoting violence . 
  so what ? 
  you can find similar stances towards other countries in turkey too . 
  i guess you deserve to die in terrorist attacks because some unrelated guy from your country believed a specific group of people should all be killed ? 
  passing judgement on people you do n't even know based on beliefs of individuals from same country , fucking fantastic . 
  no , not for something as vaguely defined as terrorism .
