   in a twist no longer considered out of the ordinary , one of the prosecutors behind the cumhuriyet investigation has turned up as a gulenist suspect in a separate case . 
  in total perhaps , i am not up to date with that but i was talking about usage of sof in individual operations . 
  turkish military intervention in syria was about 300-500 turkish soldiers , with assist of artillery and airstrikes . 
  the main fighting force was rebels . 
  yes , battle of vienna was more important than the failure of siege itself . 
  after all , a siege failed in vienna in 1500s too yet ottomans were seen as an immovable object . 
  what the second failure and the result of great turkish war showed was that ottomans were eclipsed by european powers in latter half of 17th century . 
  their once superior systems of bureaucracy , logistics , military drills and state organisation was left behind they would never catch up . 
  although i ( and many more recent research and scholars would ) suggest is that the reformation process in 19th century , mainly tanzimat was not a failure . 
   how do you expect me to remain neutral when this ideology is the biggest threat to our democracy ? 
  not true at all . 
  the problem in turkey regarding democracy is turks love of personality cults . 
  islam is secondary problem and part of identity politics , which is the cancer . 
  identity politics are n't unique to islam , it exists in all corners of turkish politics and there exists no actual political culture in turkey . 
  in fact , there is no democracy or politics in turkey regarding administration , governance or statesmanship , there is only ever fight over identity . 
  `` spain '' was synonymous at the time for the english word `` iberia '' we use today , from latin hispania . 
  spain included all kingdoms of what we now refer as iberia , which was kingdoms of castile , aragon , navarre and portugal . 
  i did not dispute the legal distinction of portugal from imperial crown . 
  i am saying , `` spain '' at the time referred to all kingdoms of iberia . 
  when phillip ii ( i of portugal ) , styled himself `` king of spain ( s ) '' he was also referring to portugal . 
  portugal was not subservient to castile or central authority in madrid but it was considered part of what is `` spain '' , as was rest of the kingdoms . 
  habsburgs failed to enforce their claim to portuguese throne is when distinction starts to become clear , which is solidified after war of spanish succession . 
  i am familiar with the history and i am not disputing that . 
  i am disputing there was a `` kingdom of spain '' , at the time of phillip that included current territories of current spain as a seperate entity from portugal . 
  phillip ruled over kingdoms of castile , aragon , naples and portugal . 
  all these kingdoms had seperate legislations and nobility . 
  portugal was a new one under habsburg rule so it was overall obviously appeased more to try and tie its reign to habsburg rule . 
  in the end it failed due various factors . 
  `` kingdom of spain '' came to be a thing after war of spanish succession , in 18th century . 
  there also existed some other territories , such as spanish netherlands and franco-condado but those were directly administrated by castile . 
  there were also colonies of castile and portugal but they were administrated by viceroys . 
  crown of aragon had its own government , military responsibilities and their own territory of use , yes . 
  until 1707 . 
  kingdom of spain was formed with central administration through madrid including territories of kingdom of aragon as well in 1716 . 
  there was no `` kingdom of spain '' during iberian union . 
  the throne of portugal , a seperate entity , had similar relationship with kingdom of castile as kingdom of aragon had . 
  from that article :  `` unfortunately it is true that a large majority of arabic-speaking mosques are more conservative than turkish mosques , '' said professor mouhannad khorchide , who heads the centre for islamic theology at muenster university . 
  that poses problems for integrating those who are less conservative . 
   `` one time when i was there , a salafist asked a young arab man to leave because he was wearing shorts , '' he added . 
  `` at the turkish mosque no one cares what you 're wearing . '', 
   even though salam ca n't understand the sermons in turkish , he said he has started going to a turkish mosque instead . 
  the issues in turkish mosques speak in turkish , which arabs unfortunately ca n't speak , especially not in germany . 
  g\u00fclen 's weather control device . 
  that 's exactly how it was over kingdom of aragon and kingdom of naples . 
  you think `` spain '' was an unified state in 16th century , it was not . 
  it did not become centralised until bourbon reforms in 18th century . 
  like how portugal had seperate legislation and nobility , so did kingdom of aragon and kingdom of naples . 
  portugal was not different than any other non-castile kingdoms . 
  there was no unified `` spain '' at the time of phillip ii . 
  when phillip ii was alive `` spain ( s ) '' meant whole of iberian peninsula . 
  including kingdom of portugal . 
  phillip 's rule was over kingdom of portugal the same way it was kingdom of aragon or kingdom of naples . 
  that 's not exactly true . 
  phillip 's empire consisted of not `` spain and portugal '' , rather it was kingdom of castile & leon , kingdom of aragon and kingdom of navarre in iberia . 
  this whole union of kingdoms was what was called `` spain '' . 
  if phillip himself and his descendants did n't fail to keep portuguese appeased , `` spain '' would likely include portugal as well . 
  possibly and probably with their own independence movements . 
  the consideration of what 's spain ( which is to say , iberian peninsula minus portugal ) comes much later after . 
  membership process should simply be canceled . 
  saddam went down in an invasion , i do n't understand your implications here . 
  i am saying his approval rating should n't have been high in the first place . 
  that only gives his government confidence in approving bills . 
  he is correct that foreign companies enjoy same protections as turkish ones , which is to say none if they are suspected of opposing the government . 
  the language of administration was the ottoman language , while locally various languages and their dialects were spoken . 
  be it more common dialects of turkish related to old anatolian turkish in rural areas , or greek amongst greeks , serbian amongst serbians , arabic amongst arabs , so on and so forth . 
  moreover ottoman language itself was very varied depending on place or status of people . 
  a local ottoman governor would likely speak a more plain language while an urban bureuacratic elite from constantinople would probably be speaking a language more infused with arabic and persian . 
  similar case on a bit smaller scale in austrian empire due various ethnicities and local dialects . 
  oh , i understand now . 
  strategical vote against le pen is what you mean . 
  still , even through a strategical vote , one should have expected he would make budget cuts and reducing in taxes on his platform . 
  i am ignorant on his fascist sympathies , what are those ? 
  globalisation is a tool , not a goal in itself . 
  a tool which some use to mean the global increase in cooperation and development while others use for a race to bottom in wages and avoiding taxation to consolidate wealth . 
  unfortunately to me it seems it 's painted in former while being applied in latter . 
  i do n't understand what people expected ? 
  he is a banker neoliberal candidate , lowering public spending and making cuts in taxes that affect corporations would obviously be his first action of choice . 
  most notably occitan and breton , various local dialects of langue d'oil or langue d'oc were also spoken . 
  the standardised parisian dialect of french was spread after revolution . 
  before that only paris and normandy really spoke what someone would call `` french '' today . 
  keep in mind this was not unique to france , most of the bigger states had local dialects dominate the overall scape , where internally there would be a language of administration . 
  austrian empire and ottoman empires would be extreme examples of that in europe . 
  the reason they do n't want to visit is their own . 
  i was only highlighting the fact that turkey 's concurrent situation is warmer with russia than germany . 
  especially recently with the spat over german corporations ' business in turkey . 
  i think the main issue right now is with germany and netherlands . 
  this switch is due relation of germany than anything . 
  russian tourists are still here , rest of european ones are n't . 
  they do what they think they can get away with . 
  do not provide opportunities or defences , do not give excuses for cultural differences ( whatever that even means ? ) . 
  lock them up and punish them severely for abusing clemency given to refugees . 
  if something is not done those who just want to escape violence will get punished with these animals as well . 
  the capital before constantinople was adrianople ( edirne ) , on thrace , west of constantinople . 
  balkans fell before the city itself did . 
  akp has liberal economic policies . 
  so you are an anarchist and you are supporting catalonian independence on some sort of romantic dream of cnt-fai ? 
  news flash , catalonia will be another centralised state , possibly ruled by nationalists by momentum of independence , especially if eu blocks them out . 
  it will not have that sort of existence without a state . 
  she is a right-wing nationalist , her quality over `` erdo\u011fan '' is presented as she is not an islamist . 
  pure identity politics dominate turkish zeitgeist , never anything else .
