   are n't you missing prayer ? 
  i am missing a few , yes . 
   when you take a 14 year old girl and tell her that if she does n't cover her head that god wo n't accept her i am not versed enough in quran to know exact consequences but yes , if you do n't cover yourself , according to quran , god wo n't accept you , like how he wo n't accept you if you have sex before marriage or commit adultery in all abrahamic religions . 
   if she chooses to not wear the head scarf she 'll face the possibility of becoming an outcast in her family and her community . 
  banning headscarf in work places does n't fix this problem in any meaningful way . 
   i get it , you 're a dude and you do n't understand how oppressive and terrible hijabs and burkas can be , because you were never forced to wear one . 
  if anyone is forced to wear one , it is oppressive , yet many women do it on their own conscience , not because they were forced into it . 
  i am not a muslim . 
  refer to my other posts in this thread if you want to know my opinion . 
  tl ; dr : i want immigrants from muslim backgrounds to adopt french culture and let go of religion and this is n't helping . 
  i do not deny that but do n't expect it to solve any problems , it just fuels the fires . 
  maybe it is for better if those fires burn their due but you wo n't know the outcome . 
  in none of my posts i said france should change itself to adopt foreign cultures islamic or otherwise . 
  you are arguing against a point i never made , in fact i said the opposite , i want immigrants to assimilate into french culture . 
  what are you even arguing against ? 
  go talk about your frustration regarding your government 's immigration policies to them , not me . 
  it is often children born on foreign soil that have this attitude , not the parents willingly immigrated there . 
  are you asking babies to fuck off ? 
  maybe , maybe not but that 's not how french government is acting , neither is any western european country with immigrantion problems as far as i am aware . 
  so allowing people in , not actively partaking in cultural literacy of the children without imposing it as a foreign influence , then being surprised it does n't work out for everyone just because they were handing some free money to them , blaming the children who were born in that country for not having french parents ( indirectly ) is not helping anyone . 
  either do n't allow solely economic immigrants in ( which often actually are helpful to economy of a country , as workforce and as capital , that 's why there were policies for immigration at one point of history or another ) or if you do , then the state is responsible for their education of cultural aspects of the country . 
  i am completely for this but that is not what france is doing is it ? 
  they are just allowing economic immigrants in and being outraged that they are not as french as french citizens that had french parents . 
  i am not religious , i do n't have a religious community . 
  it is france that has one that they are pushing away . 
  i would be completely in support of not allowing in any immigrant that does n't explicitly be part of the country they are immigrating to and are n't necessarily there just because it pays better and has a better scenery . 
  what i am against is allowing everyone in , pushing in affirmative action , which is patronizing if i might add , then be surprised when they do n't assimilate and pass policies that harm the ones that want to be part of the country as well . 
  because in the end , you are just alienating people that were n't any danger to french society and culture in the first place , pushing them into a defensive position and increasing the chances they will end up like those who never had any intention of integrating in the first place and are there just to abuse the system . 
  so if you want to allow in everyone , then you have to educate their children . 
  because in a society , cultural literacy is a responsibility of the parents , for them to pass onto their children , which they learned from their parents , which wanted the secular republic system they have now . 
  france , i am afraid , has to be the secondary parent for foreign children born in its country or just do n't allow anyone in . 
  the ones that want to be part of the country , learn its language and belong to its culture are n't a problem to begin with , that 's why i did n't include it . 
  why mention it if they are n't part of the problem ? 
  i would personally think or at least hope that majority of immigrants from muslim countries in france like being a part of france . 
  it is the children of those or childrens of former immigrants that are a problem . 
  i am not talking about helping them learn the language , finding a job or a home , that 's exactly what i advocated against in the post you replied , that 's harmful affirmative action policies . 
  i am talking about them learning about the culture they are in , what to expect from it and what is seen as wrong and what is seen as right for what reason , give historical context , give concurrent context , make them feel like they are part of it . 
  instead of throwing them into the system , giving them a house and welfare hope they do n't go wrong . 
  yes , they do but they ca n't when they are alienated . 
  remember france also was a religious country and they had to change it for themselves and become secular out of their own conscience . 
  it does n't seem like to me they ever tried , as a government at least . 
  did they help educate muslims in properly and ease them into french culture as most of them came from former french colonies in north africa , experienced a culture shock and were left in a state of shock due neglect , not a malign one but still neglect , or even more harmful affirmative action policies that also leads to polarization . 
  you can not expect a completely foreign people to come to your country and feel at home because you allowed them to , there has to be a different , perhaps secondary education system , solving cultural discrepancy problems . 
  if you do n't want to that , you do n't allow any person that does n't want to be part of french culture and does n't let go of their former religion in the first place . 
  i do n't want french people to change their identity at all , what i want is exact opposite of that , i want muslims in france to become secular , ideally atheists and embrace french culture . 
  what i am saying is , banning headscarf will have the opposite effect . 
   when you are at work , for france , you are france . 
  you are not a muslim , a christian a whatever . 
  i like this outlook and i would really love it to work but it does n't . 
  you can see it does n't from the polarization in your own country , do n't pretend otherwise . 
  i know i can . 
  when you outlaw the headscarf , the cross , or whatever petty religious symbol , you are making them political statements . 
   good . 
  because the state can not finance any religious activity . 
  i agree  no . 
  we show that for the state , france comes before religion . 
  france is more important than religion . 
  maybe you do believe that way , maybe vast majority of religious people believe that way but those who do n't , you are just creating timebombs . 
   well the echr gave the ruling i was expecting . 
  so we can either take your word or the word of judges that have decades of experience . 
  it gave the ruling i expected as well i would prefer however people of france , including those of muslim origin , put their religion on-hold on their own conscience rather than being forced to it and ending up feeling unwelcome . 
   i can separate a person from the clothing they wear or what they look like a person is n't separate from the clothing they choose to wear . 
  what they look like or what is mandatory to wear or not , of course should n't be judged in on itself . 
   that statement is also rich , because hijabi women are notorious for judging non-hijab women behind their backs . 
  like i said , can you defend that non-hijab women , especially in muslim countries do n't get stigmatized because they do n't cover their hair , because it sure as hell happens on a daily basis in pakistan , turkey , egypt , lebanon . 
  i live in turkey and both sides usually see each other as lesser . 
  not all , of course , there are ones that respect each others beliefs but they definitely are n't the majority in either case . 
   because they 're actually forcibly enforcing clothing onto people via religious doctrine and a free , secular , progressive society is supposed to stand against such bullshit and actively discouraging dogma that says you have to cover up parts of your body because some men a thousand years ago said so ? 
  it is pretty stupid is n't it , it does n't work either , it just makes people live under fear , putting on a fa\u00e7ade of religiousness just to get by . 
  why is n't it stupid to do otherwise , make people put on a fa\u00e7ade of irreligiousness just to get by ? 
  why do n't we allow people let go of religion in their own conscience ? 
  islam is definitely alien to european culture , yet proposing this half-way solution just makes things worse for europeans because they will only get more alienated immigrants down the line , muslims that go on shooting sprees . 
   you fail to understand secularism then . 
  do you understand it then ? 
   the state has no religion . 
  exactly , it should n't have a religion , that 's why it should n't be mandatory to wear any sort of religious wear neither it they should be banned , considering its people 's religion , not the state 's . 
   so when i go to school and look at teachers or go and pay my taxes or go in front of a judge , i dont want to see big crosses , veils , scarfs etc. 
  i personally really dislike fake blondes and would be really happy if i never saw a single one of them ever again . 
   it is about the state being religion free . 
  the state is all the public sector workers . 
  i understand but i do n't understand how interfering with beliefs of every single person working for the state accomplishes this or helps anyone become more secular personally . 
   at home you can do whatever you want . 
  in the street you can do whatever you want . 
  at work ( in the public sector ) you are france . 
  i would be more supportive if france completely outlawed all religion except for cultural elements of it ( religious art , architecture , clothing , folklore ) , like how we see pagan religions of old , gods of greece and what not . 
  it just does n't , you just have this odd status quo , where people believe in a religion but are excepted to take it on-hold meanwhile they are working but this does n't work because people do n't put their religions on-hold , they are still christian , muslim , jewish , buddhist , zoroastrian or whatever else , their religious beliefs still affect them , just everyone pretends it does n't because they are n't wearing a cross or a headscarf somehow . 
   that 's bs . 
  it applies for christians and jewish and buddhists and whatever . 
  it should apply to them as well , i do n't see what 's wrong with wearing a cross necklace for example , why is outlawed ? 
  i would be completely against it if by law crosses or headscarf were mandatory in civil service but banning them seems as ridiculous to me as making them mandatory . 
  my bad , i 'll rephrase for your convenience . 
  you think vast majority of women only want to wear headscarf because they have been directly or indirectly forced to it . 
   no one would cover a mass of protein-keratin-on the top of their head because they think they need to on a daily basis . 
  yet they do and they think it is part of their spiritual belief to be reserved and modest . 
  it is irrelevant if it is logical , it is within their faith and you are restricting them and alienating them . 
  if we were to ban clothing over how logical we found it , there would be plenty of clothing to ban first before you got to headscarf . 
   on top of that , the headscarf immediately has the effect of putting a stigma on non-headscarf women as ` not pious ' or ` lesser ' than headscarf women , that in itself is a reason to ban that trashy outdated nonsensical piece of fabric . 
  yes and you consider women who wear headscarf to be lesser , as seen from your statements above and below . 
   if the islamic world thought critically at all , they might come to the conclusion that maybe , just maybe , covering hair is nonsense in a non-desert environment and men will not pounce on and rape any woman that has hair on her head . 
  what makes you better than saudi arabia if you are enforcing rules on clothing based on religious indoctrinate ?
