  konu\u015fabiliyorum * i agree that it is subjective but so is `` total amount of vocabulary '' , especially with an institution as incompetent as tdk . 
  that 10 % is mostly bullshit , arabic words are is used much more in daily basis than 10 % , same with farsi words . 
  it might be 10 % of total words but the frequency is different . 
  his personality cult has been born out of the success of his party 's early success . 
  that image is what carries him through the shortcomings of turkey currently . 
  you have to remember that turkey before erdogan had very turbulent 40 or so years , erdogan has been at the right place at the right time and that earned him quite bit of a following , especially amongst folk who are older than 40 and saw the effects of 80s coup first hand . 
  laz and crimean tatars are both minorities in the blacksea coast . 
  that 's not true because people do not work as percentage of their total age at the end of their lives . 
  the retirement age is same across all people , regardless of how much they will live after . 
  similarly , people do n't have children past 80 , on average they do in their 20s . 
  people who live longest after their retirement cost the state most . 
  there is no need to argue this , if you want to see the numbers uk 's iea published a research about this particular topic . 
  people who live longest cost the healthcare most , i doubt you guys enforce euthanasia to people over the age of 80 so they stop being a drain on the healthcare . 
  i hate sugary drinks , soda and all that , i also do n't have much against this ruling in particular but the money aspect of it is a really bad argument . 
  tanzimat movement was n't failure . 
  i love the french election system . 
  no , it 's cem y\u0131lmaz , a comedian . 
  uh , yes . 
  alsace-lorraine was part of france until franco-prussian war , in ww1 they took it back and i do n't remember there being any protest about it . 
  the region has been ambiguously french and german at the same time for a while . 
  considering that the justification for germany to take it in franco-prussian war was the german speaking populations , it 's actually not reverse but parallel . 
  you let your wives on the camel ? 
  reported you to erdogan , enjoy your stoning . 
  do n't listen to other two they are lying , it 's desert in whole country east of istanbul here . 
  they live in istanbul so they are deluded thinking it snows anywhere else . 
  i think it has more to do with a disillusionment towards erdogan amongst some of his voters than anything else . 
  you have to remember akp ( erdogan 's party ) got 49 % votes and erdogan 51 % of them , so a solid 50 % of the country would vote against erdogan getting more power anyway . 
  there is also however a solid 35-40 % voterbase that would vote for erdogan 's ascension to godhood if they could . 
   what 's the culture towards authoritarian figures in turkey ? 
  it 's the norm but there is scepticism towards a military dictatorship and no elections . 
  so an elective monarchy with one person controlling all the state would be welcomed by the most , instead of separation of powers . 
  does n't armenia and azerbaijan have much more pressing problems than playing risk over this piece of land ? 
  no , i mean diyanet 's budget triggers me as much as everyone else but it 's not the amount of schools but the quality of them that 's the problem . 
  as well as people 's approach to profession of teaching in turkey , which is less than optimal and considered to be homely , not prestigious and lacking in ambition job . 
  also a lot of people in universities that should n't be professors or deans let alone assistants are in quite high positions playing game of thrones . 
  hurriyet is independent , it 's not exactly opposition but it 's not a mouth piece like sabah is . 
  it 's decent for knowing the zeitgeist in turkey , basically . 
  i am from black sea ( the place in the picture is also in black sea ) i do n't identify as european , no one i know does , i doubt anyone in black sea coast does either . 
  wahhabism is reformed islam . 
  i think turkish culture is closest to iran , greece , azerbaijan and armenia , while arabic is more influencing traditional and conservative elements due religion . 
  you are just mindlessly generalising without actual experience on the topic , nor knowledge about variation in turkish culture , be it music , food , outlooks . 
  turks do n't have much shared history with arabs nor do arabs with turks . 
  most weird part is you are from slovenia , you are probably aware music and songs turks have in common with balkans as well , but chose to ignore that . 
  you are ridiculous when you are talking to me about `` turkic '' delusion , because i do n't think turks have anything in common with rest of turkic countries , even though you can find turkish music that 's similar to that of central asian countries as well . 
  aside from crimean tatars and azerbaijani turks of course . 
  that was just another assumption you made , without anything to back it up . 
  we also do n't have that much in common with arabs either though . 
  another fun fact , that type of music is often called arabesque here , while you can find different folk music that has more in common with greece , others that has more in common with central asian countries etc. 
  you just chose the aspect you want to reflect to whole of turkish culture , even though it 's only a part of it , not whole . 
  that 's a really nice gesture considering the statements of our government officials recently . 
  genetics do n't make culture if you were n't aware . 
  even if they did , the page you linked shows turks share very little genetic similarity with arabs , so what even is your point other than wanting to be ignorant ? 
  off topic but i love how croat sounds . 
  kurds in turkey are n't any different in that regard unfortunately . 
  i guess it 's either something in the food or the soil . 
  populism just works around here , especially power tripping populism . 
  pandoro definitely, 
  this is not a matter of age . 
  it shows that without interaction , turkic khanate also had it , thus it 's not a result of influence from foreign symbols but developed separately , because believe it or not , the big shiny thing in night sky is not that original to use for religious or symbolic purposes . 
  crescent is not an islamic symbol but it was common amongst different turkic tribes . 
  in fact , some north african tribes also used it and other eastern asian ones as well . 
  worshipping or symbolising moon is not unique or original to greeks . 
  if you are not interested in ottoman history , then do n't make absurd claims that are related to them . 
  there are several theories , that 's one of them . 
  ottomans likely used crescent alone before they got constantinople and added star afterwards to combine both together . 
  i always have had a soft spot for gulags . 
  it was proposed by 6 members of akp . 
  i do n't know how these 6 `` people '' would look to faces of their children after proposing this . 
  i am against capital punishment but for some people death seems like too good of an alternative . 
  yes , the election of erdogan as an alternative leader after what the `` common people '' thought as string unsympathetic and patronising politicians and political unrest is very much alike . 
  doubt it will end up the same however . 
  is that sarcasm ? 
  german state decided the fitting punishment for her crimes was to delegate her case to iraqi government . 
  i just find it odd that a catalonian would be sympathetic towards france over castile . 
  you have parts of former catalonia in france now that do n't speak the language . 
  as well as occitan , closest language to catalonian if i remember correctly being almost completely erased as well . 
  the aims of french kings providing safe heaven for catalonian revolters is similar to french king francis i giving an entire city ( [ toulon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ottoman_wintering_in_toulon ) ) to ottomans so they could raid spanish coasts . 
  the support was strategical , based on raison d'\u00e9tat instead of a kinship . 
  while i appreciate your compassion towards her , you should also consider the implications of such actions . 
  letting an 16 year old , ( if maybe younger than 14 i would have agreed ) , just join death cults in foreign countries then extraditing her and giving her a slap on the wrist is basically treating weaker , less fortunate countries as play ground of richer and more development countries . 
  it is an extremely imperialistic action , one that would i think rightfully could catch the ire of other countries . 
  if catalonia stayed as a french territory once it was annexed , catalans would be speaking in french right now . 
  while i agree with rest of sentiment . 
  genghis khan 's accomplishment lies more in his ability to assemble and unite tribes in mongolia and central asia , more so than his accomplishments in battlefield . 
  i do n't understand why organisations in europe feel the need to include people from different parts of the world into their history , it 's so patronising and belittling . 
  africa and india have rich and long history that predates most of what 's shown in these videos . 
  what 's the point of showing african celts or african normans ? 
  history in national curriculum has been used as a tool for building a national identity and propaganda purposes since its inception , especially because of context of its creation ; i.e in an effort to build nation-states with singular , central education . 
  i would n't trust any governmental publication of history meant for general education & population to be impartial , disconnected from concurrent politics or without a long term goal . 
  especially when used actively in political discourse as a means of proving or disproving a point . 
  the article only makes a passing mention of turkey , actually . 
  it 's mainly about europe and us . 
  he can do his neoliberalisation without trying to dismantle worker guarantees in france . 
  it 's actually quite easy . 
  in fact , to me it sounds like he is using `` reforms '' as an excuse while trying to get rid of work hour and other labour laws instead . 
  definitely not . 
  yes he lost at sedan and that was interesting but napoleon iii was overall good for country . 
  a good administrator , not quite his uncle when it comes to war . 
  any details on the changes ? 
  none in the article .
