  i was n't , i fully and genuinely meant it . 
  islam and jews did n't have any problems for centuries , up until very recently actually and making this a religious conflict is just make it harder to solve . 
  the problem of jews and muslims goes far deeper than religion is what i meant , it just recently became a religion based issue , due muslims identifying as muslims first and their nationality second commonly . 
  he said turkey is an mediterranean european country , which is wrong . 
  i know of that and the raw amount of words in dictionary does n't matter , in day to day speech turkish is very heavily influenced by persian and arabic , even `` and '' in turkish is arabic , we use syntax from persian like `` ki '' and our literature has been heavily influenced by both which in turn influenced our speech and mannerism . 
  i am not even going to mention tanzimat ottoman turkish which was dropped by ataturk in favour of concurrent rural turkish which is what we speak today . 
  turkey is most culturally similar to greece and iran among its neighbours yes , due shared history and proximity , as well as cultural influence ( turkey being the influenced by the persians and going both ways with greeks ) . 
  still does n't make us mediterranean europeans , rather middle-easterns which share culture with * a * mediterranean european country . 
  you also ca n't simply ignore muslim factor , religion brings its own culture and it creates its own culture and even cultural isolation . 
  the real reason why turks like to associate with europeans is due insecurity and identity crisis . 
  if you asked a turk from any big city or a soldier 500 years ago who he associated with , he 'd probably look down upon europeans and say he was an ottoman and a muslim . 
  nowadays situations of muslims are not great so turks try to not associate themselves with them . 
  yet the irony is they ca n't seem to grasp arabs are to turks what turks are to europeans . 
  language is eastern with heavy middle-eastern influences . 
  turkey does share cultural similarities with greece , which is a mediterranean country but it does n't go any farther than that . 
  turkey is turkey , it is a middle-eastern country unique on its own like how arabs and iranians are , it is not an european mediterranean country . 
  bilal is like the comic relief side-kick of erdogan in turkish politics . 
  turkey is a middle-eastern country with a history tied to middle-east and a language that is eastern and is not located in europe but asia minor . 
  regardless of how much turks like to ignore this fact to not be associated with `` those damn arabs '' because of their insecurities , it is the fact . 
  while it is due middle-eastern immigrants no doubt . 
  it is really short-sighted to assume it is due islam . 
  muslims and jews were doing better than christians and jews for several centuries . 
  we are europeans please accept us that 's really pathetic . 
  how similar turkey and russia are . 
  both under authoritarian populist conservative leaders with their oligarchy and military dickwaving for population control . 
  no , it would n't . 
  star and crescent gaining religious or cultural reflection is a fairly recent phenomenon . 
  this action does n't hurt franco , who is already dead or his relatives at all . 
  removing street names or uprooting statues does n't bring the dead or the years under another regime back . 
  all it does is deny the reality and history which took place . 
  sure , people should be free to rename their streets and change their cities but it is a poor way to deal with undesirable outcomes of life if it is done with ideological reasons against certain people and regimes . 
  i would . 
  i am not saying no street should be renamed , after all if the residents want it renamed , they can . 
  what i am saying is i think a government campaign to remove them on an ideological basis is uncalled for . 
  he already lives forever in their history books and history . 
  this is just denial of history . 
  i was more referring to his reign , rather than the civil war itself . 
  i am aware during civil war both sides have been taking it out on each other everywhere they could . 
  however i 'll admit most of what i heard from him came from basque and catalan nationalists , they are rather vocal about it when it comes to the topic . 
  well there is a difference between two . 
  eastern bloc was under foreign occupation and even then i find it immature . 
  greater virtue would be to preserve the history of even the perceived evil , enemies or those who were less accomplished . 
  i find the statues staying there as a reminder and a historical fact to be better ways to deal with shady or shameful past than to try and erase it , consequentially denying it for further generations . 
  i find this unnecessary and childish . 
  whatever evil he might have committed towards the other regions of spain , he is dead and it is in the past . 
  it is better to acknowledge it and move on than be stuck and try to erase any image belonging to him . 
  what a circular `` conversation '' we are having . 
  whatever mate . 
  turkey tolerated many russian airspace violations , incidents between two nato allies and a state that is at the opposite end in syrian conflict compared to turkey are n't comparable . 
  russia was hardly neutral in the conflict and turkey 's roe has been changed since a turkish plane was shot in syrian airspace regarding military planes coming from syria . 
  turkish-greek relations and disputes over aegean airspace has completely different dynamics and two states are allied via nato . 
  both sides have been in other country 's airspace over aegean and both sides are within legal rights to shoot each other 's planes , yet they do n't . 
  comparing the reactions between these two countries to russia , which is not a nato allied state and has been bombing rebels against assad 's regime , which has been warned several times over airspace violations before their jet was shot down after the jet entered turkish airspace unidentified from syria 's air space is childish at best delusional at worst . 
  what ? 
  erdogan was the one that apologized and said he does n't want the situation to escalate , it is putin that has been kicking turks out of russia and putting sanctions on turkey . 
  i ca n't believe people here are making me defend erdogan . 
  that does n't cover even half the costs . 
  reposting these : http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/16/magazine/how-to-build-a-perfect-refugee-camp.html?_r=0 http://www.euronews.com/2015/09/09/turkish-refugee-camps-for-syrians-set-high-standard, 
  the classic `` no u '' argument with an added flavour of attacking reading comprehension when unrelated . 
  start reading by us ' actions during cold war era regarding their policies in middle-east , then read up on their intervention in afghanistan and their dealings with saudi arabia , then read about their invasion of iraq and the consequences of the power vacuum after fall of saddam , finally you can read why nato has been supporting rebel groups in syria , then maybe you can understand why the situation in middle-east is as it is right now . 
  because currently , you are basing your information on few months old sensationalist media `` data '' and you are completely clueless to reality and how geopolitics work , because you think it is only related to last few years when it is not . 
  good luck . 
  you are completely unaware of the geopolitical climate that led to current situation in syria . 
  you should probably do some research before talking ignorantly . 
  while turkey 's actions in syria are hardly justifiable , turkey is far from causing the situation or setting up for it . 
  what do you mean `` you people '' ? 
  by same logic , it is us ' and nato foreign policy that made the situation as bad as it is in syria and iraq , so it responsibility of `` you people '' as well . 
  now that 's one of the things i thought i 'd never see in my life . 
  there is a whole lot of difference between little and none . 
   or maybe people just like to defend their views or the things that they think they are true , without any agenda but anyway . 
  it is inaccurate to say there are no turks of turkic ancestry in turkey . 
   well , some exceptions can be pointed maybe , though current turkish people are more non-turkic than turkic for sure and they do have just a bit turkic ancestry , etc. 
  also , i 'd argue that a good and broad sample let 's us to do a logical generalization . 
  you ca n't look at average of statistics and make generalizations about every individual in said sample . 
  a person being a quarter x , a quarter y and a half z with second person being completely y does n't make both of these individuals 1/8 x , 1/8 y and 6/8 y. 
  in any case , i do n't think it matters , only people in pursuit of trying to prove or assert largely unnecessary opinions do . 
   current turkish people in turkey are not even turkic at all that depends on personal ancestry of a particular family , saying this or saying all turks have turkic ancestry ( as in oghuz ) are both wrong generalizations . 
  turkey has assimilated peoples , converts and intermarriages in great numbers , but that does n't mean seljuks who have migrated to anatolia , as well as other later migrating turkic groups during ottoman reign completely disappeared . 
  you understand statistics wrong if you look at averages and assume average is consistent across every sample . 
   not making turkic race a made-up , nonexistent thing . 
  turkic is n't a race to begin with , i am assuming you mean ethnicity . 
  an ethnicity does n't have to be homogeneous , in fact , a lot of ethnicities draw the line at a linguistic or cultural unity at a definite point in history , because if we went for purity , we 'd have to trace back to our earlier ancestors . 
  some ethnicities appeared later than others , thus their lines are more blurry . 
  an example for this is france ( composed of many different groups that inhabits current day france ) but not limited to it . 
  the turkics start with intermixing of different groups of people in central asia after the common ancestors from northeast siberia moved southwards . 
  there is no turkics before turkic khaganate , which spanned across many different types of people from different ancestries . 
  again , i do n't like this topic because i personally do n't care about genotypes or racial origins of turks , be it k\u00f6kt\u00fcrks or modern day anatolian ones . 
  so i2ll leave it at there . 
  kind of hard to compete with american based mega corporations . 
  turkic `` race '' in itself was mixed to begin with , that 's the deal , there was never a `` pure '' turkic race . 
  this discussion is going in a direction i do n't want to participate in , so shall we end it here ? 
  also oghuz turks were different from say , tuvans , yet they are still both turkic peoples . 
  it is a `` racial '' one only coincidentally , because of turkic peoples mostly nomadic history , as well as genetic diversity due said nomadic history , it has been a linguistic group for the most part , with genetic differences between southwestern turkics and northeastern turkic peoples for example even before turkish migration to anatolia . 
  in any case , i do n't see why the genetics in this particular topic does n't matter , because as mentioned above , it is an ethno-linguistic group . 
  anatolian people did n't just disappear , they got hellenized first then turkified . 
  turkic is a linguistic group , not a racial one . 
  i see the concern , i just find it misplaced , misguided and a little bit hypocritical . 
  it depends on the personal ancestry of people . 
  you ca n't generalize the ethnic ancestry of turks , it is varied . 
  some have anatolian ancestry , some greek , some armenian , some balkan , so on and so forth .
