  what does people who have died in the explosion have to do with her ? 
  how fucking disgusting playing revenge politics over dead people who are unrelated to her . 
  no , the institution of religion does n't like competition . 
   actually why is n't it spreading in turkey ? 
  ca n't find anything on it on the net . 
  the mosques and religious schools here are state regulated and imams are appointed by state . 
  so their religious education is hanafi branch . 
  saudis ca n't open mosques here , no one but the state can . 
  yep that seems so , i have read the turkish link which said he was deported back , did n't specify where to . 
  anyway i think the shared information and cooperation amongst eu countries is n't as much as i assumed it would be . 
   you think he was n't being watched ? 
  i do n't know . 
  it is not my area of expertise , i do n't have enough knowledge in how these procedures work to think about whether he was being watched or not . 
  i was simply talking about whether putting him under watch was legal and justified in that case . 
   i seriously ca n't believe how incompetent european intelligence agencies/law enforcers when it comes to terrorism . 
  intelligence agency is n't an easy task . 
  i am sure they are competent but more than just being competent is required and it tends to go into privacy violation territory very easily . 
  well , half of belgium 's population is not going to turkey on a regular basis and getting deported back to belgium after getting caught in syrian border i think . 
  i do not disagree . 
  i am not saying belgium should have arrested him but i think it is enough evidence to put him under watch at least for a year , no ? 
  why is salafism so common amongst european muslims ? 
  even in groups whose country of origin does n't follow it ? 
  not to be an asshole but the belief daesh adheres to was born in late 18th century , not 8th . 
   it often seems the people involved in these things were somewhat known by authorities beforehand and they could n't prove anything . 
  travelling to syria and being detained in turkey is n't enough ? 
   the big thing was standardization though definitely , that 's what changed a lot . 
   i 'm simplifying for the other euros well , oversimplification can cause misrepresentation . 
   but turkish definitely sacked a lot of the arabic and would have sacked more if they could find roots turkish sacked tanzimat turkish , which was much more heavy in arabic influence . 
  the rural turkish that became the default spoken turkish has n't changed all that much . 
  before cold war . 
   they sacked all the arabic . 
  no , we have not . 
  language institution sacked tanzimat turkish . 
  turkish still has great deal of arabic in daily speech . 
  also military and academic institutions as well , the official name of the country is t\u00fcrkiye cumhuriyeti . 
  i ca n't tell if you can understand the irony or lack the necessary awareness . 
  evet , yes , in turkish is also two syllables . 
  it is nice to see french value its historical artifacts however small they might be . 
  this was only funny the first time , if even that . 
  the infamous it is the current year argument . 
  teenagers being teenagers . 
  if they put a microphone to your face when you were 16 , you would say stupid things too . 
  spain is such a beautiful country . 
  shame it seems that people only go there for the beaches and nightclubs , not that there is anything wrong with those too but people are forgetting all the cultural sights . 
  did n't know we did deals in souls . 
  that 's p. cool . 
  that 's technically true , however the wisdom is not to just because you can . 
  that 's just having your own standards for good pizza . 
  absolutely traumatic having to eat fish on pizza , i would n't have forgotten it either and i fucking love fish but they have no place on pizza . 
  neither do carrots . 
  that 's like putting sausages in your salad . 
  french electro is so good , it should be more popular . 
  now i do n't trust them either . 
  also people who put fish on their pizza , those are the worst . 
  everyone likes pizza . 
  i do n't trust people who do n't like pizza . 
  it is hard for government to arrest right people even if they are aware of a possible attack because the suicide bombers are turkish citizens . 
  it would be easier if they were n't . 
  what ? 
  austria was run by hapsburgs but so was spain between carlos i and carlos ii because charles v ( carlos i ) inherited title of king of spain via his mother , burgundy via his grandmother and most of austria 's holdings in holy roman empire via his father . 
  what gave it away , the flag ? 
  cheers . 
  that 's unfortunate . 
  history of netherlands is particularly interesting , i guess ww2 had a big impact on every european country 's curriculum . 
  i wonder still however if it had same impact as say 30-years war for example , i guess ww2 has the advantage of being far more recent . 
   there is a time though when the place belonged to spanish habsburgers , and a time when it belonged to austrian habsburgers . 
  exactly . 
  you ca n't say it was spanish or hapsburg but rather spanish hapsburg or austrian hapsburg . 
  how do they teach these in dutch history classes ? 
  that 's because after the war of spanish succession spain was no longer hapsburg . 
  i know of those events trust me i am a huge fan of spanish and partially netherlands ' history . 
  what i said is spanish netherlands is the hapsburg netherlands and there are no periods in time of history where there was a spanish netherlands that was simultaneously not hapsburg netherlands . 
  you ca n't separate them . 
  i legitimately cringe whenever i read your posts mate . 
  that 's an achievement . 
  when exactly ? 
  i only remember after charles v divided his possessions between his brother and his son , he left whole of netherlands to spain under philip ii 's control . 
  spanish netherlands is the hapsburg netherlands . 
  spain 's ownership of netherlands was through their king charles v being quarter hapsburg . 
  our opposition party said we should give europe money to take our refugees . 
  i honestly do n't want this deal to happen any more . 
  just let them through it is apparently none of our business . 
  i personally like calling it former yugoslav republic of fyrom . 
   the republic of turkey has never been in a worse position in it 's history . 
  let me guess , you are under age of 20 ? 
  oh they are banned ? 
  i always learn these news from internet . 
  i do n't think turkey will ever become a part of europe or that turkey is european but this article is dumb and is founded on not agreed upon misconceptions from the early years of nation-state ideals . 
  i would translate herif more as `` the guy '' . 
  voc is what completely unregulated corporation that is not bound by law looks like . 
  i have been a fan of them , from a historical point of view , ever since i first read about them . 
  especially their whole shareholding aspect . 
  dutch history is very impressive , not much know of it unfortunately , people think of beic when they hear the term east indian company . 
  even though voc was much more closer to a real company while beic was more of a government branch . 
   are they independant on the subject ? 
  they did give mixed signals . 
   the problem with that argument is that on the other hand the turkish gov has been taking control of the medias too so they 're not rightly placed to point it out yup , not exactly the place for it that even though it is an important concern . 
  it is also as important to understand why does it happen i feel to fix the problem . 
   but hey if it makes you feel better i 'll include a link to this post you just wrote in mine ... i guess you have a right to answer i do n't think that was necessary . 
  i am just tired of media manipulation , regardless of country of origin .
