  so when are they considered european citizens ? 
  3rd , 5th , 10th ? 
  just get rid of the poor and underdeveloped areas of any country and their statistics increase . 
  what a shocker . 
  i am on phone with the ministry at the moment to increase the average wage by 2 dollars . 
  just wait and see . 
  i think as long as ideas of nation-states are prevalent in europe you ca n't build an identity from scratch like usa and canada has , or even other new world countries . 
  there needs to be a mutual understanding between immigrant parents and the society as a whole . 
  it is sort of ironic or perhaps expected that nations states would create so much social unrest when its aim was the opposite . 
  social unrest just shifted from one direction to other , i guess people just do n't learn . 
  yes , muslims do dominate the terrorism currently but i never argued against that . 
  you said no muslim immigration equals no terrorism , which is just wrong . 
  also you have to look at a greater geopolitical context for causes of terrorism . 
  it had different precedents in places like ireland , spain , turkey and it does in belgium as well . 
  all terrorism is not the same or motivated similarly . 
  also france treatment of algerians , especially the ones that came from algeria after siding with france in 60s was less than optimal , to say the least . 
  so again , it is not a one way street , there was no islamic terrorism back then . 
  so simply saying muslims are being treated like outsiders just because of terrorism is disingenuous and you have to admit that they have been treated that way even when they are n't terrorists , because by large they are n't . 
  a similar phenomenon is common in turkey and has been since 80s , it got better over time but it is worsening again recently . 
  they should n't be following the latter pressure at all . 
  they are not part of their home countries any more and are not responsible to them . 
  it is also born of a desire to be recognized and accepted in both countries also , they often turn out as individuals that are stuck in between the cultures , are not like either their native country nor the country they reside in . 
  i always thought the problem is n't the immigrants themselves but their children or grandchildren . 
  it is unfortunate but i think state needs to take place of a secondary parent here , to take the role of cultural education that is normally not necessary for non-immigrant children , to give them the proper norms of the country they are part of . 
   guess it would be easier if they stopped pushing islam down people 's throat and blow themselves up . 
  if all of them were blowing themselves up i assume the situation would be quite different . 
  look at turkey to see how an organized resistance looks . 
  besides , what i described is much older than the current islamic terrorism in europe , it is not a new phenomenon born after islamic terrorism by any means . 
   therefore : no muslim immigration = no terrorism . 
  really ? 
  do you not know any history beyond 5 years back ? 
  yes , this is what happens a specific group of people create the most underdeveloped underclass . 
  not only will it cause polarization amongst them towards the state but it will also cause them to create their own isolated groups by religion or language and radicalise in their echo chambers of no interaction . 
  this tends to also just get gradually worse by an active refusal to integrate by immigrants because of perceived persecution . 
  there is a lot done wrong by both sides here and i do n't know how it could made any better at this point . 
  i think germany is doing well , not creating immigrant communities but purposefully spreading immigrants around to not allow such development . 
  they learnt from what turks did there , i guess . 
  i am not defending any terrorist acts and i am against the whole creating little-city immigrant community enclaves but that 's a two way street . 
  if the citizens of a nation will never see you as dutch , french or german because you do n't look like one , then you ca n't expect them to be so willing . 
  of course i personally believe they should n't prove discrimination right by acting as how they are assumed to be acting and instead prove that the discrimination is unfounded upon but here we are . 
  which means they are european citizens , born and raised in europe . 
  although i guess a lot of europeans wo n't count them european citizens even after 3rd generation and they will forever be immigrants even though they were literally born there and have never been anywhere else . 
  it sounds like a mix of italian and greek to me . 
  a lot of people saying slavic might have not heard of it , i think . 
  because it sounds nothing like slavic languages to me . 
  especially not russian . 
  if any romance language sounds slavic , it is the european portuguese , which sounds more russian than russian itself . 
  were n't literally all of attacks made by european citizens and not immigrants ? 
  making it hard to people would be a great law but people seem to often just abuse it . 
  shortcomings of humanity , always looking to exploit the goodwill of others . 
  you guys still have bourbon dynasty anyway . 
  luck had nothing to do with it . 
  i doubt he is a muslim fundamentalist . 
  i think he is a power fundamentalist . 
  also he is economically liberal and socially conservative . 
  in all three cases i feel fall into authoritarian leaders are reactionary . 
  in turkey it was the army , in russia it was the communists and in poland it was eu 's policies . 
  i feel there is nothing that can be done aside from waiting it out for the newer generations that do n't have same reactionary feelings . 
  erdogan is more in the line of corrupt authoritarian rather than islamist . 
  he is a conservative , conservative does n't equal islamist . 
   what happened to the zero problems foreign policy ? 
  ahmet davuto\u011flu was behind it . 
  erdogan 's local aims and nato aspirations overrode it . 
   it looks like huffpo ( unsurprisingly ) lumped in no answers with answers that said no !, 
  i 'd say they redacted those answers . 
  considering they gave 13 % for 7 % as well . 
  also yeah islam has effect on politics , turkey is not a fully secular country . 
  i am aware but i posted two separate surveys , which in one the question is directly about secularism and not sharia . 
  thank you . 
  yes and the same spectrum exists between being against secularism and being religious . 
  being for sharia law is the definite proof that they are against secularism while anything in-between can not be said so . 
  also the turkish link i posted was specifically asking about secularism , in which chp and mhp voter base gave 90 % and akp and hdp voter base 50 % . 
  which puts it at roughly 20 against secularism . 
  can i get some sources ? 
  i am not challenging your claim , i am just interested in further reading . 
  russians are fellow sufferers . 
  mate , it does n't matter . 
  i posted 2 surveys pointing completely opposite of your original claim , one was english and other was turkish , even if we ignore the turkish cultural centre one in america . 
  in fact , i should n't even need to post surveys to your ridiculous claim of `` everyone secular and educated left only dumb nationalist sharia supporters are in turkey now '' . 
  it is an insult to common sense considering turkey does n't even have that much of outgoing immigration and a lot of diaspora academia is gulenist and diaspora are commonly nationalistic . 
  i am not saying there is n't skilled workers that have left turkey or that there is anything wrong with it , just that your claim is ridiculous . 
  for someone who says to be above turkish politics and the `` thick nationalists in turkey '' , you are extremely turkish in political mentality . 
  you made a choice and it is the choice everyone worth a damn did , the people who have not made the same choice are dumb and are the `` leftovers '' , the opposition is doomed and you have made the right choice . 
  this is the common political rhetoric in turkish consensus , left says it to right , right says it to left and is a common symptom of extreme polarization . 
  are you really sure you pay less tax in europe than in us or that cost of living is cheaper ? 
  i am fairly certain us has very low tax rates . 
   and the others were ok with partial religious law 's practicing in law . 
  they said follow but not strictly . 
  which implies that the law would be influenced by religion but not actually written ( i do n't agree with it but that 's how question seems to be phrases ) . 
  you take akit survey accurate with no protest and debating the 3 different sources i have given now . 
  in fact i remember reading that position of `` middle-ground '' rapidly decreasing recently due ever growing polarization in surveys in 2015 compared to ones in 2011 . 
  yeah , it was fucking hilarious in 2008 onwards until the protests , reading western media and wondering why are they even more supportive of erdogan than his own media . 
  which was against what op said and his incorrect information . 
  i was n't saying turkey is a heaven of secularism and tolerance which you pretend i have , or what you implied in the post above with passive-aggressiveness , when my position was exactly opposite of that . 
  except the survey you sent proved you wrong as well ? 
  13 % said they would want islam directly in law . 
  which is similar in both of the surveys i posted . 
  follow but not directly likely implied that not written in law but influenced . 
  here another survey : http://www.huffingtonpost.com/jim-luce/secularism-surprisingly-m_b_212332.html, 
  you were talking about my response to op , which made up statistics in the original post i responded to him .
