  so rest of the europe playing balkans ? 
  i love russkies . 
  it is . 
  so do iranians . 
  shawarma is basically d\u00f6ner d\u00fcr\u00fcm . 
  arabs make it more correct and accurate to formula than the german turks do . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  turks do n't have any reclaim ideals of bosnia or any other balkan nations really . 
  however if i am being honest , i only saw turks have strong opinions ( positive or negative ) towards greeks as far as former ottoman holdings to the west go . 
  that sounds as dumb as the russophile serbians . 
  we can eat lahmacun and have a fight over where it originates from . 
  the first coup in 60s could be argued to have had some positive affects although it wrecked the economy . 
  the coup in 80s `` restored order '' but the order it restored was very damaging in long term , especially in terms of education and polarization , due increased nationalism and islamic elements in education , as well as the divide between left and right , as well as nationalists and islamists . 
   so you claim its easier to live under muslim rule as an infidel , versus living under a secular rule or a countries ' rule that matches said infidel 's faith , or lack of it ? 
  no , i was talking about historical context , as i thought we both were . 
   if you agree that specific beliefs have specific consequences , how can you suggest that muslims who commit crimes for explicitly religious reasons do so primarily for non-religious reasons ? 
  its insane to commit suicide and hurt people , but if you believe that that is the best way to get to paradise , and that you 'll be rewarded for it , then its justifiable and arguably logical ( within that framework ) . 
  it is about the fact the crimes committed within the frame of religion and increase in religious extremism was triggered by non-religious reasons in and on itself . 
  also this , rural people think chp was the ruling party for last 90 years before akp came and if chp comes to power again they will ban religion . 
  the 1980 's coup is one of the worst things to happen to this country in its republic period if not worst . 
  memes perpetuated by ignorant part of akp voters ( not saying all of them are , they are n't ) which everyone started to parrot without any actual knowledge in policies , actions or aims of either party . 
  that 's what happens when people 's `` knowledge '' comes from nothing but sensationalist media , akp mouth pieces or erdogan doing his usual manipulative speeches , with an unhealthy dose of everyone having an opinion but no one actually doing any research , ( true for chp , hdp , mhp voters as well not just akp ) being able to shittalk on tv is not a `` leadership quality '' . 
  it is true though turks value that most but that 's not a `` leadership quality '' problem of k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daro\u011flu , rather it is the lack of democracy culture in turkey . 
  that 's what happens when a country is given democracy on silver platter instead of having to earn it , i suppose . 
  turks look at even atat\u00fcrk like they would to any other sultan , a strong leader to guide them all . 
  so i am not surprised turks vote nothing but pseudo-sultans that are good at shittalking . 
  besides , lately k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daro\u011flu also has been picking up the shittalking part as well and i 'd say he is quite good at it . 
  however if this meme about him keeps being repeated , even by people who vote for chp or against akp , he will be perceived that way , because no one actually bothers learning , they just like having opinions , which they heard from someone else and parroting to appear knowledgeable on the topic . 
  most arguments against him are literally and unironically memes . 
  like the one / u/thebaris made . 
   do n't pretend that the christian/jewish population that lived within them had a wonderful time . 
  certainly , there were bad rulers and there were good ones . 
  there were good muslims there were bad ones . 
  people are people after all . 
  although i think most historians agree that it was easier to live under muslim rule as an infidel than vice versa , relatively speaking of course ? 
  i am not taking any sides here , abrahamic religions are very judgemental and oppressive after all , i am just talking about what i have read and learned , mostly from european sources with few citations to middle-eastern ones . 
   do you not agree that specific beliefs result in specific consequences , then ? 
  i do agree . 
  incredibly divisive among which , abrahamic religions ? 
  it is not especially divisive , certainly not more so than either catholic or jewish faith . 
  you know the `` people of the book '' were accepted by muslim canon , right ? 
  if it is divisive , how did first caliphates had a significant christian and jewish population ? 
  do n't make defend islam , i am not a fan of any religion and i think they are long overdue however the problem among jews and muslims is one that is reflected upon religion than a fundamental religious problem . 
  if anything , it was jews with their holy land and aims to establish a jewish nation in the holy lands that caused the division , [ secular jews of european school ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bhf4xag.png ) . 
  judaism is way more divisive than islam is . 
  not to say judaism is as a religion or islam is better than one or another , i think they both are are unnecessary . 
  sadly i think ww1 was just the closing act of a 150 years of very unfortunate and regrettable chain of events . 
  erdogan has nothing to do with hitler . 
  he is just carbon copy of putin , less oligarchy more whining . 
  i do n't agree with erdogan 's foreign policies or turkey 's involvement in syria to begin with but nato was literally founded to be a counter-balance to russia . 
  might as well disband it if it wo n't act that way . 
  this is what i like seeing . 
  she was born in the borders of uk then , her father fought in the war for uk , her daughter lives in the uk , she has no relatives in south africa and she gets deported ? 
  this is disgusting which way you look at it . 
  let 's not make a slippery slope excuse , because there is none . 
  she was born in uk and she has a daughter in uk , i see no reason why to deport her . 
  tell me how she is any less deserving than any other person born in uk today ? 
  i never said what happened at the moment was n't a problem ? 
  i stated it in my first post in this chain . 
  i am saying , it is not some deep rooted religious problem and just a reflection , you can see that if you read what i wrote again . 
  wikipedia is a battlefield for weird national pride quirks . 
  meanwhile at akp office : totalitarianism : \u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131 [ ] islamo-fascism : \u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131 [ ] populism : \u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131 [ ] bass : \u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131\u0131 [ ] / s, 
  i do n't see why we are circling this , i never said they did n't do it in the name of islam or muslims did n't do it . 
  i am saying i see religion as a result of bigger problems , you say it is the cause itself . 
  we should agree to disagree . 
  i 'll just leave this here and leave : jerome chanes , pinson , rosenblatt , mark cohen , norman stillman , uri avnery , m. klien and bernard lewis argue that antisemitism in pre-modern islam is rare , and did not emerge until modern times . 
  lewis argues that there is little sign any deep-rooted emotional hostility directed against jews , or any other group , that can be characterized as antisemitism . 
  there were , however , clearly negative attitudes , which were in part the `` normal '' feelings of a dominant group towards subject groups . 
  more specifically , the contempt consisted of muslim contempt for disbelievers . 
  his track record of doing what , exactly ? 
  yes wahhabists take things out of context and do very stupid things . 
  in any case , the current hate of jews in islamic middle-east has a lot to do with geopolitical situation there rather than the religion itself . 
  religion would n't matter in this case if the geopolitical situation was n't as it is , that 's why i said above religion is a reflection of the problem rather than cause of it . 
  during spanish expulsion of jews ? 
  there were plenty , jews also went to protestant nations such as netherlands . 
  their heart was not at wrong place unfortunately they had too much faith in rest of humanity . 
  they should have applied stronger integration policies and regulations instead of inviting people and hoping for the best . 
  was there ever a period of time in history where terrorist was n't a buzzword ? 
  whatever would we do with random french engineers showing up to make things better . 
  there has been open european support of pkk in the past and pyd is a branch of same organization as pkk . 
  regardless , i do n't agree with the statement you responded to nor the one you hold , two wrongs does n't make a right . 
  i see religion as nothing more than a symptom of bigger problem that has been exploited and funded by people with greater goals . 
  fault is at the people and people first , not the belief system they chose to adopt due years of indoctrination caused by events unrelated to religion . 
  blaming religion is escapism . 
  russians can take it , they are fighters . 
  it goes above and beyond that . 
  jews moved to muslim lands when kicked from spain for example and refer to [ picture ] ( http://i.hizliresim.com/9269j9.png ) for the situation between christians and jews . 
  i am not saying this to shift the blame to christians or to say muslims are innocent of this problem . 
  there obviously is a problem but the problem is not caused by religion , religion in this situation is reflection of the problem , rather than reason of it . 
  so some retard shoots someone in a political demonstration and other retard bombs a culture centre ? 
  jesus fucking christ , i am sorry swedes have to deal with this bullshit on their own soil , an event completely unrelated to them . 
  what is empty is people thinking the jew hate of muslims is based on their religious dogma . 
  very shortsighted , it is almost like islam became a scapegoat , which does n't help solving the problem . 
  it was christians kicking out jews because of their religious dogma few centuries ago , yet now christians and jews are living relatively peacefully ( aside from the whole episode with germans but what are you gon na do humans really love their ethnic cleansing ) . 
  it used to be jews running to the muslim lands fleeing from christian persecution , now it is the opposite . 
  honestly how can be people not see such an obvious pattern of religion being the result and not the cause ? 
  you are putting the cart before the horse . 
  how am i contradicting myself ? 
  muslims hating jews and it not being some sort of religious dogma are not exclusive , neither about forbidden pork consumption ( which is actually a jewish tradition and practiced by followers of judaism ) or cover up their women . 
  i am not being disingenuous and i did n't say muslims are not being hateful of jews , people thought i was being sarcastic with my first sentence i suppose ?
