  should carthage have been just subservient to roman demands when nubians constantly raided them and romans sided with nubians every time ? 
  there was no mutual understanding , only that romans wanted a weak carthage and when they considered them to be stepping outside their boundaries ( which were definitely not fair terms ) they destroyed them . 
   but this does n't matter . 
  you said `` are there no sieges which were genocidal ? '', 
  after i told most of the loses happened during the siege . 
  `` also a lot of citizens got killed , records show only a minuscule population of them were forced to slavery . '', 
  you said this which seems like you are thinking that major portion of the people killed systematically . 
  i would n't think that if this was n't a genocide discussion but it is a genocide discussion . 
  sorry but this part is just bad . 
  it was a rhetorical question . 
   but if you broaden what is a identity that much you can argue literally every war is a genocide . 
  this would weaken the term itself and the guilt come with it more than anything . 
  it 's about targeting an identity indiscriminately , rather than what that identity is and i would say there are more genocides in history than recognised ones . 
   napoleon certainly was a fan of him but the cult of personality napoleon created is different than those classical examples . 
  why are you trying to compare everything ? 
  i am not ? 
  i talked about napoleon because you can find books about him that say he was literally hitler to ones that elevate him to godhood , even though facts are about the same for the most part . 
  i think as you said this is becoming a bit of back and forth empty talk . 
  i 'll reinstate that i do n't think romans committed genocide carthaginians but `` merely '' intended to destroy city of carthage to cut the head off the snake to finish carthage itself so they could annex rest of their territories after their debt was paid . 
  i was simply arguing against the claim that a historical even can not be described as a genocide because it predates the term genocide , you argued that since peoples of ancient world had different conceptions of what makes a people , the term is misplaced , which is a fair point . 
  i still think however genocide can be argued as any intent to destroy a people based on their distinguishable identity whether that identity is tangible or retroactive . 
  my point with the siege was that yes while it 's true sieges often resulted in starvation and general population loss , even worse often lives of the besieged were forfeit and were at mercy of those who succeed the siege if they indeed did , that still does n't necessarily mean there could n't be a genocidal intent after the siege . 
  would you consider it not a genocide if 10 % of an ethnicity 's population was actually deliberately killed to finish them off after 90 % died in an unrelated famine few years prior ? 
  also there are a lot of books on caesar , often very contradictory especially since he built a cult of personality around him and so did augustus , comparable to napoleon for example who saw caesar as a hero , so they all say very different things , especially because he is also one of the favourites of those who like great man theory . 
  i tend to agree with the one that he was ruthless overall but also was merciful when he knew people would react better . 
   no you ca n't . 
  you ca n't compare them with politics of the late republic or at least i ca n't . 
  it is like ( actually much worse ) comparing obama 's power over usa 's institutions with kim jong un 's power over north korea . 
  the argument is that just because there were opposing ideals within ruling group before they finally come to terms that they need to destroy carthage , does n't necessarily mean one idea that was agreed upon did n't develop during or after . 
  equally , while there might be opposing opinions and perhaps even if destruction was a fringe idea within the group , does n't mean later on when the opportunity arises this fringe idea can not become the dominant idea . 
   oh there is the old streotypes but by your logic that would mean romans did a complete greek genocide . 
  which is a funny idea in weird way . 
  there is action to back up the stereotypes . 
   this is true and not true . 
  they certainly were but romans had a generalizing word for them which they used frequently . 
  destroying the state , i.e carthage can also mean destroying the population , especially since how they followed through with it , killing off the population , selling the remainders to slavery and razing the city . 
   by the way a army relying on mercenaries does n't necessarily means mixed ethnicities and cultures . 
  certainly , but we know that carthage relied on foreign mercenaries that were n't punics and punics themselves established themselves as colonisers at first in the region . 
   exactly !, 
  this is one of the reasons using terms like genocide anachronistic . 
  that kind of thinking is alien to romans . 
  yet identities which once did n't exist can appear later on , a french identity sprung from what was once a gallo-roman population which used to be several gaul tribes in the first place , yet if an unidentified army entered to what is now france and slaughtered whole of their population we could today argue about genocidal motives , even though that identity did n't exist back then . 
  how do we know there would n't be a carthaginian identity that encompassed coastal areas of iberia and north africa if it survived long enough ? 
  do we need to specifically target a nation , when we have a clearly distinguishable identity ? 
   surrounding towns , some colonies and some tradeposts were under carthage carthage was very loose , it 's possible they only considered it a switch of ownership of property rather than belonging to a particular group . 
   it is lovely to see you to develop your logic . 
  i do n't know whether to feel flattered or patronised . 
   caesar was famous for his clemency . 
  his clemency was in contrast to his otherwise general harsh attitude and action . 
   well because our sources say so ? 
  which source claims the contrary exactly ? 
  if i remember correctly polybius says what i said ( he is a eye witness ) and appian agrees with him . 
  carthage was burned for over two weeks and razed . 
  there was a very deliberate destruction . 
   are all sieges a genocide ? 
  are there no sieges which were genocidal ? 
   thanks !, 
  you are welcome . 
  still playing devil 's advocate , by the way . 
   first of all thats not a `` roman position '' . 
  `` carthago delenda est '' is a phrase used by some senators ( especially by a wrinkly conservative bum called cato the elder ) who were in favor of conquering carthage for a wide varity of reasons . 
  they were n't the majority until carthage broke the deal which gave them a wonderful opportunity , though even then it was n't a insant change nor a complete one ( livy , polybius ) . 
  you can describe both hitler 's situation and enver pasha 's situation with similar terms . 
  both started within political situations without intention to genocide anyone but became fringe parts of their parties until they got wonderful opportunities to follow through their aims . 
  there were people in both the senate and various generals that were against it , of course but it 's what happened . 
   1 ) why is the word carthago used instead of p\u016bnici ? 
  carthago by itself does n't imply a intent for destruction of a ethnicity . 
  carthage was n't inhabited just by a single ethnicity , it was a network of various peoples and cities , famously it 's army heavily relied on mercenaries . 
   2 ) why was punic people in rome and the surrounding towns ( or in corsica or in hispania ulterior etc. ), 
  was n't harmed ? 
  this is an assumption that runs through modern nationalist lines . 
  they probably did n't consider punics who was n't part of carthaginian oligarchic government which was loose to begin with as `` carthaginian '' . 
  that 's actually anachronistic to draw that line now . 
   3 ) why there was n't any recorded attempt to destroy their culture or religion ? 
  ( both flourished and incorporated during the roman rule ) again romans had different understanding of what constitutes citizenship , see their treatment of gauls , they got slaughtered wholesale by caesar but then they were not once they accepted the lordship of him . 
   4 ) fire ( started by the deserters ) caused the most damage to the city and killed a fair amount of population . 
  did romans do that ? 
  now where is the definite proof the fire was set by deserters ? 
  because there is as many claims that the fire was delibrate by romans , considering they also largely razed it afterwards . 
   5 ) why did they sold them into slavery ( which certainly was very different from the slave-like conditions of jews and poles ) instead of killing them ( there is n't anything to imply they worked them in the mines to death ) ? 
  because there was n't a specific chain of command that intended to organise this . 
  also a lot of citizens got killed , records show only a minuscule population of them were forced to slavery . 
   thanks for that . 
  i am going to read the ones containing familiar names but can you show me the part with `` genocide as a term is newer than the events '' to me ? 
  i find that the most interesting for the official stand . 
  it 's within the article named `` the armenian allegation of genocide : the issue and the facts '' :  the term `` genocide '' did not exist prior to 1944 . 
  the term was subsequently defined quite specifically by the 1948 united nations convention on the prevention of the crime of genocide . 
  this high crime is now recognized by most nations , including the republic of turkey . 
  i will remind you again i am not sure whether the romans wanted to commit genocide or not . 
  i am inclined towards not because they were more focused on breaking the high command of carthaginian network by destroying carthage itself as to wrestle the control of mediterranean out of them wholesale because it proved they were n't that capable of constant struggle with various carthagian settlements and war of attrition was proving too costly . 
  my argument is that the term genocide being new does n't mean it could n't be one , so i played devil 's advocate with my answers to your points . 
  nobody tell him those islands were ceded to italy , not greece ? 
  i am fairly certain you do know the famous phrase regarding roman position on existence of carthage . 
  also romans themselves documented their destruction of carthage . 
  i do not know whether the event can be described as genocide , since there is n't enough documentations from carthaginian side and carthage did recover , i am simply arguing against the term genocide being `` anachronistic '' , a descriptive term used retroactively to historical actions ca n't be just because that word did n't exist back then neither the description of a particular type of event . 
  strategy is a word that entered the use in 1800s , would you say using the term `` strategy '' to describe battles and wars before that is anachronistic ? 
   i did n't know there was a offical position actually . 
  if you have the declaration i would love to read it . 
  i can read turkish by the way so that wo n't be a problem . 
   i still ca n't understand how is this relevant to carthage .
