  not a good idea . 
  the power valide sultans held over the rulers were often a point of hatred amongst other parts of administration . 
  there is notably an incident were a venetian envoy sent a letter directly to valide sultan , because they understood that 's where direct influence of the rule was and got a harsh , insecure response from the vizier . 
  it is all fun and games until you realize you have to scheme your way through your life to keep that power and keep your life at the same time . 
  janissaries were definitely not the backbone , s\u0131pahi were but janissaries did fight in wars and were an integral part of the army . 
  however the main force and the deciding factor was the cavalry . 
  it is also noted by historians that tactical developments against ottoman armies were mainly to counter the s\u0131pahi threat , not janissary . 
  huh , i swear i heard that idiom used to refer exactly the opposite . 
  my bad . 
  meth is worse than cocaine , more effective and efficient too . 
  maybe you meant mdma ? 
  why is gulf dialect of the arabic is so bad ? 
  shawarma and turkish d\u00f6ner are very similar . 
  gyro is greek version of that usually wrapped in thicker bread , has different sauces and uses pork . 
  no , gyros are distinctly different and often made with pork . 
  shawarma is very similar to d\u00fcr\u00fcm and made with lamb meat . 
  i am not arguing here that `` it is our food '' or something stupid of that sort , i am just saying you could likely refer to d\u00fcr\u00fcm as shawarma and it would more accurately represent what we commonly eat rather than kebab that is sold in europe , especially the german version that is not really widespread here . 
  not all birds bond with humans of course , parrots most commonly do bond with humans and develop an attachment beyond a trust based relationship birds tend to have with their human owners , replacing the attachment from a member of flock . 
  it has been observed they can also bond with other pets . 
  if they are brought with a couple and raised together however they tend to bond with each other , instantly only developing a secondary , trust based flock relationship with their owners , which is nice in its own way . 
  this can be subverted by getting birds at different times , letting them bond with you one by one . 
  shawarma and kebab are just different names for d\u00f6ner , shawarma specifically refers to d\u00fcr\u00fcm , that 's the way arabs eat it as well . 
  more immortal than either of us is going to be . 
   i ca n't really think of any single reason , other than the weather . 
  country , cities , culture , cuisine , weather , beaches , likeable fun-loving people , not that bad economically even during a crisis . 
  the whole self-hating is such an integral part of being spanish though i ca n't imagine spaniards without it , so maybe it is better that way as i like you guys the way you are . 
   but seriously , outside europe the region where i 've got most hate based purely on the fact that i 'm spanish is hispanic america , but also the region where i 've got most love is hispanic america . 
  yes i am aware of that whole love/hate relationship rest of hispanics have with spaniards and very steep divide of opinions . 
   we are so loud it 's impossible people from quieter cultures would stand us , but since you 're a turk you know the utmost importance of shouting at each other even if the other person is just 10 cm away . 
  how are you supposed to convey the degree of your emotions if you are not expressing them in increasing vocal intensity ? 
   to you , sure . 
  to us , not really . 
  and cultural difference issues is actually more observed in nationalists , rather than conservatives though in turkey many nationalists are also conservatives so , it 's a bit tricky . 
  i did n't say cultural issues are not more observed in nationalists , they are . 
  what i am saying is faith issues while might be existent in conservatives are a secondary issue and common sentiment among all political spectrums are about ungratefulness and arrogance . 
   that 's the issue actually , i 'm not prejudiced at all . 
  i even like turkish people , but , from my long experience and from the others , the things are like i 'm saying . 
  it 's not prejudice at all . 
  it does n't mean you are not prejudiced just because you might like a group of people . 
  you have already passed judgment on a whole group of people without considering them on an individual basis . 
  when you say `` turks are violent '' , that 's prejudice , because you are judging the whole based on actions of individuals . 
  cypriots do have similar traits , in fact i have seen more stories about the possessive boyfriend in news of cypriot , which is a common stereotype of turks but you judge cypriots on an individual basis while you judge turks on a group basis . 
   not really . 
  they tend to categorise turkish people in cyprus by settlers and `` tourists '' , but not turkish people . 
  we know that some settlers are not like that , and people in turkey are also not all like that . 
  but , when you came to cyprus , yes , there can be a prejudice about you since people can think if you 're some maniac like other `` tourists '' . 
  you make too many contradictory comments , again last time you assert a position but disprove it in the next sentence . 
  this is exactly the problem i have with many cypriots , they do n't admit having prejudices against us while making generalizations about us all the time . 
  not only that , turkey is a very polarized country , not only its politics but its regional cultures and even members of same political ideologies . 
   you know that i 'm not talking about ' 74 , right ? 
  you ca n't do that , the current situation and entanglement of northern cyprus and turkey is inseparable from the events of turkish invasion . 
   it 's not about making black money though but eh . 
  being a tax haven is not about black money , while it is questionable practice , it is how several smaller countries are so rich , since they benefit a lot per capita from having such laws that encourage business owners to direct their money flow through them . 
  northern cyprus would n't have it because they are not part of eu and they do n't have such laws , it is not about illegal money laundering . 
   well , nobody is saying anything about turkish military intervention of '74 but , hm . 
  and , actually , nobody is for a separate north too . 
  if there was no turkish military invention there likely would be no turkish cypriots in cyprus any more , they would have been either deported like the balkan turks or completely assimilated . 
  so saying northern cyprus would be better without turkey is an absurd hypothetical scenario . 
  so cypriots often have this high horse about rhetorical instances of a better cypriot in their own creations . 
  imagining a situation only where turkey intervented to stop the actions of greek junta then left and everything was how it has been once again . 
  i 'll repeat again personally i am not in support of turkish occupation of cyprus or a military intervention in cyprus . 
  any cypriots in danger should have been deported to turkey if they chose so . 
  brits would have probably intervened anyway against a greek coup . 
  that 's a problem of corruption not a fault of the system itself . 
  one person being able to veto whole parliament is more of a fault of the system compared to that . 
  i am not against america intervening against taliban but america did also set the stage for taliban as well with their intervention in the 80s . 
  i think that case , it might have been better off to let them fall into communism instead . 
  that 's true , unlike birds , where a human can replace a bird partner for the bird , they ca n't for a rodent , however if rodents are paid attention to , they can still be content * despite * not having a partner . 
  whether this is sufficient is however up to debate i guess . 
  thanks for the information . 
  i actually like switzerland has these sort of regulations for animals , it is sort of bittersweet feeling that it is not really enforced , at one hand it seems to be too overreaching but on the other hand it is a step in right direction . 
  animals that are naturally social and require a flock or a pack really tend to be depressed if they are left alone or ignored , people who do n't know how to house pets should n't be allowed to . 
  especially those who do n't value a pet 's companionship but do so as a trend or something of that sort . 
  i would n't say germans one upped it honestly , they were up to par and far more recent that 's why french are n't remembered as warmongers any more . 
  birds should be fine provided their owner pays attention to them , talks to them and is gentle with them though , they do n't need a couple in that case and can be very happy and affectionate . 
  i mean i am all for preventing animal abuse , especially abuse of pets but this seems to be too overreaching , it is good if a bird or rodent has a partner and does n't feel alone in case the owner is away for long periods of time but seems to affect the type of relationship a person would have with their pets , especially parrots for example . 
  it is a bit of weird law if you ask me considering all pets can be sad if neglected , dogs for one and some like birds tend to develop different relationships with their owner if they have a couple , could exceptions be made if you prove that you do n't leave them alone , like giving out a `` single pet owning license '' , proving that you do n't let them be lonely ? 
  what about birds ? 
  a fair bit of them are prone to loneliness , especially since they tend to bond for life . 
  you need to give them constant attention or they get sad . 
   well , it is also about conflict of faith , morals and culture . 
  faith is much more secondary and a direct result of cultural difference and ungratefulness mostly observed in conservatives that dislike cypriots . 
  the more vocal people that dislike cypriots , nationalists , never talk about that . 
   and actually greeks are more closer to turks than cypriots , so , it can be also about the cultural sympathy . 
  yes , i agree . 
   well , it 's an urban legend actually , the thing that `` cypriots are prejudiced against turks ''  other than assuming that majority of them are nationalistic , more into violence , more patriarchal and far more religious something does n't add up there , you claim cypriots are not prejudiced then make prejudiced comments . 
  this is the exact stereotype i am talking about by the way , you fit it so perfectly . 
  i remember reading few years ago sodomy being illegal in cyprus and thinking wow what the fuck it has been decriminalized in turkey for a century before northern cyprus even was a thing . 
  not only that i did n't see anything `` less violent '' or `` less patriarchal '' from cypriots . 
  in fact i heard a lot about crazy possessive cypriot boyfriends with their british girlfriends . 
  cypriots judge all of turkey based on criminally inclined settlers in cyprus , which are if nothing more alike to cypriots now than they are to us . 
   cyprus would be better of turkey by the economic terms . 
  there would be no northern cyprus without turkey . 
  at best the greek junta would have failed after some slaughter and things would go as it has been before , more likely however cypriots would have to go to turkey and be permanent settlers there with no real opportunity to return back in short term . 
   cyprus is worse with turkey on the economic terms except without turkey feeding cyprus , cyprus would have nothing economic to it being embargoed and being completely depended on turkey and all that . 
  you are unfortunately not the rich tax haven corporation money deposit like your southern neighbours and assuming you would be is why you assume cyprus would be better without turkey . 
  sure if there was any turkish cypriots left in cyprus after a greek junta and not sent back like what happened after balkan wars , the remaining ones would likely live the same tax haven but there never would be a separate independent northern cyprus tax haven . 
  i am for unification of cyprus by the way , i have always been . 
   well , you do n't , but many do . 
  that 's the point actually .
