  i am not going to say there is no racism towards kurds and turkey 's past treatment of kurds was anything appreciable or acceptable . 
  however at this point they are equal citizens by law and all pkk is doing is helping erdo\u011fan solidify his position and drifting turks and kurds apart even more . 
  i was happy when hdp came to be ( even though i vote chp ) because i thought a political solution in the parliament with popular support of kurds would be the best way to proceed and hoped for a chp and hdp cooperation for a peaceful solution . 
  now all i see is hdp is ironically kurdish version of mhp . 
  it 's sad , really . 
  you are completely mixing the context here , his situation is not comparable to your situation . 
  you are an individual 2nd generation immigrant in america , it is different than an immigrant community like turkish immigrants in germany which speak with their own accent . 
  if you want to compare it to anything , you could compare it to a black person who was raised in a ghetto with black people speaking standard american english instead of aave . 
  no , i am not . 
  he said he is german when called a foreigner and made an effort to speak proper german even when growing up in a ghetto . 
  it shows a desire to integrate . 
  i know why you might dispute this since you are an immigrant yourself but it is quite obvious . 
  it shows a desire to integrate even when growing in a ghetto with other immigrants , so i 'd say it is fairly important . 
  dogs on a leash . 
  he is a 2nd generation immigrant that lived amongst turks in a poor ghetto in germany and speaks crystal clear high german . 
  what about that ? 
  thank you for saying this . 
  i am surprised every time this quote is repeated as if it is supposed to be smart . 
  rude people are the worst . 
  the event at hand is not related to them at all , they are using it to push an anti-muslim dialogue , while you are using it to push an anti-donald dialogue . 
  i dislike both groups fyi but if you want to be different , then do n't engage in similar tactics . 
  it is this sort of agenda pushing over dead people that makes people cynical . 
  well if spain keeps voting pp over and over again , i ca n't blame them at this point . 
  so you disapprove of what they are doing then engage in similar dialogue ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  why imitate if you do n't approve ? 
  who cares what the_donald thinks ? 
  it is a mass shooting and there are multiple dead people . 
  at least let the shooter be caught before you start pushing some sort of agenda over dead people . 
   fuck turks well , that 's rude to say the least . 
  we also call greeks romans in our news sometimes . 
  old habits die hard . 
  do n't have memorials of him . 
  people who go to shooting sprees love infamy . 
  wow , again ? 
  how many this month now ? 
  i think of austria as eastern realms . 
  not only does it sound cooler , like straight out of a fantasy setting but leaves no room for confusion . 
  hate crime . 
   kilicdaroglu is seen as an idiot by most of us those people are retarded . 
  literally meme politics . 
  completely agree with this article . 
  well thank you . 
  people believe what they want to believe . 
  characteristics of one 's birth is easiest trait identify with and this identity is taught as something to be valued most often in nations that does not have anything else valuable . 
  they then are validated and affirmed just for properties of their existence and this can be used by politicians to further their goals . 
  even better if you let the delusions of nationalism and religion cloud your conscience then you can extract `` justice '' on others without concern . 
  add in the fact people will take personal insult and get defensive when someone criticises what they count as their identity , it is very resistant to change . 
  evrensel is universal . 
  d\u00fcnyasal means global . 
  his efforts were wasted . 
  yes , it is a very easy mindset to be in . 
  there is no choice to make , this nationalistic desire to live amongst your `` nation-state '' is someone who feels lost trying to create an abstract concept to identify with , classic immigrant mentality . 
  nation-states did not exist for most of history . 
  i live here and i do n't feel any kinship with people of my `` nation '' . 
  as far as i am concerned , they ruined the country i was born into , where i grew up , the country which i spoke the language of and where i lived in . 
  they can go to hell for all i care now . 
  the people of this place chose how they want to live and that 's what they are going to get , i do not identify with any of them . 
  neither did i have a reason to identify with them even before these events , why would i care more about a random turk than any other random nationality who instead shares my mindset and worldview ? 
  you do n't even live here . 
  the bookstore belongs to g\u00fclen . 
  now that does n't excuse anything because these people do n't even know why they are attacking it , they do n't even know why g\u00fclen is the enemy . 
  they only know g\u00fclen is the enemy , they do n't care about the rest . 
  very dangerous mentality , like dogs on a leash waiting to pounce the moment erdo\u011fan tells them someone is the enemy . 
  the ambition to become a politician should prohibit people from ever becoming one . 
  him and his organisation literally worked together with erdo\u011fan to replace academia , education , military and justice system in turkey . 
  them having a feud recently does not make him a good . 
  he should stand for his crimes . 
  that was hard to read . 
  actually mhp is the opposite . 
  they used to be much more islamists , nowadays they are mostly pushing for secular nationalism , muslim but secular . 
  he went to us , said he has a large amount of money he wants to spend in usa and was given subsequent residence . 
  he went to us after they fell out with erdo\u011fan in fears of arrests . 
  someone taking self-applied refugee in usa does not mean usa now does their bidding or were doing their bidding in the first place ( considering before this happened , erdo\u011fan and g\u00fclen were working together , which would mean erdo\u011fan would also be in it as well ) b\u0131rak\u0131n \u015fu komplo teorilerini art\u0131k ya , nedir bu kendini kand\u0131rma \u00e7abas\u0131 ? 
  it 's a shame then , i do very much like swedish history and culture . 
  there is a much stronger democracy culture in sweden than turkey . 
  vote people who would want to polarise the society out before extremists at either end of this polarisation can win the elections . 
  no worries , easy mistake to make . 
  especially considering the situation here . 
  there were n't 50,000 arrests . 
  majority of those are people being suspended from their jobs . 
  he repeats the words democracy , rule of law and freedom so much , i hope it rubs on him at least a little . 
  not to my knowledge but they get the rights to ban all sorts of publications , media , protests . 
  they also get to punish people for not following through arrests and trials . 
  also bunch of other stuff , basically close to unlimited power for government in dealing with individuals . 
  a lot more executive power for government , i am assuming to justify incoming arrests and trials . 
  just because america was behind a lot of coups , especially during cold war , does not mean they are behind every coup . 
  swedish politicians are retarded and terribly ignorant of both politics and history then . 
  that is no reason for you to project it on others , though . 
  yeah nothing to do with erdogan and g\u00fclen together ousting half of turkey 's former justice department , army and infiltrating the education system . 
  nothing to do with erdogan and g\u00fclen having a feud and g\u00fclen revealing erdogan 's corruption and erdogan subsequently going for a witch hunt . 
  no , it is all just us , turks and turkey could do no wrong , there could be no faction clash inside turkey . 
  whatever mate , spare me it , i hear enough di\u015e m\u0130hraklar conspiracy theories as it is . 
  if america wants something in middle-east , it is a reliable and stable partner to project power to neighbouring countries and control the straits , not a less than 5 % approved military dictatorship of an organisation that was getting purged even before coup and used to be friendly with concurrent government and usurped every corner of government together in last 15 years . 
  it would n't be irony , ottoman court carried byzantine intrigue for centuries . 
  that 's cold war , are we still in it ? 
  there was almost a civil war situation between communists and nationalists . 
  they would have no reason to switch from one traditionalist islamist party to even less approved one . 
  i have no hope in that regard , not in my life time anyway but thank you for the well wishes . 
  also i should say i love people from hatay both turk and arab , great people overall .
