  the fact that she is okay with political murders of the past is more a testament to rotten political narrative in turkey than anything else , because those unsolved cases ( government sanctioned assassinations in 90s ) , is accepted as necessary by a large part of the population . 
  even some in our `` left '' . 
  basically the image of secular `` kemalist '' utophia painted before erdogan in turkey is simple romanticisation . 
  it 's a corruption of a mentality deeply ingrained in left-over early-20th-century european secular-nationalism . 
  especially abused by army in the past . 
  that 's how erdo\u011fan got so much support amongst kurds too . 
  obviously does not apply to all people but this is at its basis , creating biggest divide of voters . 
  i am a minister who has signed the longest , most extensive and most encompassing extra-border operation during the time i was the interior minister . 
  i am saying this in shame but some would claim in social media `` meral ak\u015fener should n't be the head of the mhp , she is the cause of unsolved cases ( referring to political assassinations ) '' . 
  whatever you accuse me of , it 's accepted . 
  if there was something to be done for this country and unity of this nation , i have done it , i am accepting its responsibility to the end . 
  a bit of nuance is lost in translation but it 's a non-descript defiance and unapologetic attitude without admitting direct guilt . 
  mainly concerning political assassinations and southeastern operations during political turmoil with pkk and other such movements . 
  that 's why reading the actions of polish government feels like de javu . 
  it 's all mirrors , from `` old deep state elements '' that need to be removed to reigning in jurisdiction in the name of `` justice '' . 
  this is what our govt says as well . 
  democracy and will of people is the excuse for all changes . 
  not unique to france . 
  european version of kebabs tend to be country-specific . 
  wildest examples being in the netherlands and scandinavia , or so i have heard . 
  still turkish cuisine is not limited to kebabs , kebabs are mostly fastfood and grills . 
  while some reform in france 's stagnant public sector is n't bad , it must be ensured the president wo n't go over the board , resulting in creating an environment that feeds the rich few at the expense of everyone else . 
  i hope unions of france are going to be active and do n't concede either their work hours or too much of public spending that benefits everyone . 
  if you are speaking of nature , north and east also has very appealing sights . 
  not in turkey . 
  i think that 's a phenomenon strictly in european countries , due mosques being mainly funded by gulf countries that follow different school of islam and ways of worship . 
  neither are fading here . 
  hanafi school is the dominant aspect of islam in turkey and is the one promoted and mandated by ministry of religion . 
  sufi is a way of worship and not a school in and of itself , as it exists in both sunni and shia sects . 
  sufi culture is still strong in around konya even though those places are more conservative than is healthy . 
  it 's a saying from mevlana rumi , a prominent sufi cleric and theologian . 
  his tomb is in konya . 
  i do n't think she made anyone a laughing stock , she seem to handle the affairs fairly competently and sensibly , within her party 's ideological aims of course . 
  yes , we are all murderers and criminals here . 
  that was 250 years later , by then bohemia was firmly under habsburg control . 
  austrian archdukes were not striving for control of bohemia for title of `` king '' , as they would already be emperor of hre and king ( of hungary ) but because its elector status and rich mines . 
   or being used as expendable material in another war . 
  levies were n't common in 1500s . 
  most of the armies of the bigger states would be semi-professionals paid wage for service by time and full time mercenaries hired by states . 
  in fact , the whole dying in a war for next to nothing is a post-revolutionary concept , before that it was seen as another type of work , with high fatality rates . 
  major trading power more than 400 years actually . 
  antwerp was a major port in 1500s making immense amount of profit for spanish empire . 
  erdo\u011fan and g\u00fclen used to be political allies , g\u00fclen was the more islamist and religious cultist of the two . 
  g\u00fclen and his followers want sharia , they replaced kemalists officers in the army ( not that i am a supporter of kemalism ) with their own followers , did the same in jurisdiction and education with help of erdo\u011fan . 
  germany should n't make the same mistake of supporting worst to hinder the bad again , which they also did with turkey in early 2000s when they supported erdo\u011fan against kemalist military regime . 
  on paper yes but france has independent jurisdiction , turkey does not . 
  it 's a very important part of a powerful presidential system . 
  there were elective monarchies in the past . 
  holy roman empire and plc are most notable examples . 
  yes , around here when you say `` kebab '' people do n't think d\u00f6ner but in europe it 's synonymous with kebab and it 's fastfood , kind of like lahmacun . 
  d\u00f6ner is p. much fastfood . 
  the other types which are not common in europe are more like main course . 
  i do n't feel attacked in any case , if that 's somehow supposed to be discriminatory . 
  nothing wrong with trying to preserve distinct identity of cultural centres . 
  while that 's true , the concurrent military technology and especially aircraft is a result of cold war rather than 17th century . 
  yes , erdo\u011fan 's is but i was n't talking about that . 
  just individuals who might be talking about balkan wars or yugoslav wars . 
  politicians and the general public are different . 
  turkish culture is very chauvinistic , being victims equals to being weak and thus most turks do not consider themselves victims but unjustly treated . 
  yes , i am aware . 
  just that pretending otherwise by making claims such as `` we '' did n't slaughter innocents is fairly inaccurate , because plenty of innocents did die in balkan wars . 
  so you are okay with sidestepping the geneva conventions and protocols , then what exactly is stopping the reverse from happening ? 
  for example accepted safe countries bribing other countries and officials to send refugees towards germany ? 
  how exactly do you enforce these borders then , just shoot whomever is coming ? 
   it was war , we did n't slaughter innocents . 
  same argument turks use for armenian genocide , fyi . 
  also plenty of innocents died in balkan wars , on both sides . 
  so germany should n't have taken any but germany should have the right to deport them to libya or turkey , because why ? 
  if you are going with this strong borders for sovereign nations policy , then why do you suggest that other unrelated countries take them ? 
  germany signed geneva conventions and protocols , which makes them also responsible party during times such as these . 
  we do not speak the same language , that alone is quite a bit of problem . 
  also you were talking about deporting them to turkey , as if there are n't syrians in turkey when turkey took 5 times more than germany . 
  turkey has more than 3 million syrian refugees . 
  more than entire europe . 
  i have never expected a no result , although cheating as blatant as it happened is quite surprising , which in itself is a bit confusing , i did n't expect to be surprised by turkish politics at this point . 
  thanks for the wishes anyway . 
  i did n't say turks do n't get offended , i said turks do n't get offended by this remove kebab thing , because it 's usually on the lighter end of this type of national `` banter '' . 
  i also was talking about the origin of where the phrase came to be , which is because of nationalistic songs in balkans , it now being mostly associated with turks is a later development , although i would say it 's muslims in general right now . 
  turks being the most butthurt people you ever had the displeasure of dealing with perhaps related but i was n't talking about in general so it 's more of a side track . 
  rest of your post about erdo\u011fan , armenians and kurds are completely not related . 
  there is quite bit of talk about it and the main opposition is pursuing a resolution but i doubt anything will come out of it . 
  i simply said meme is based on nationalistic serb songs and you are telling me about your encounters with turks in germany , armenian genocide , erdo\u011fan and ongoing massacre of kurds . 
  how is any of that related ? 
  i doubt anyone enjoys being assumed to be part of a hivemind to be used as an outlet for someone releasing their frustrations in their past personal experiences , by the way . 
  off track or on . 
  i am not entirely certain who you are addressing here , because these last two posts of yours are not in any way related to what i initially said . 
  you do not even know my viewpoints or opinions on these topics you are making comments about , neither did i voice them in any of my posts above . 
  yes , my bad . 
  i worded that in a way that made it misinforming , i meant that remove kebab meme is based on nationalistic songs directed towards bosniaks by serbs . 
  also that 's a lot of text and unrelated rant about being offended . 
  i liked the little touch at the end with the armenian genocide and then adding secular turks so you can sound impartial . 
  it 's okay though , we all need catharsis every now and then . 
  i was talking about dog-fights between turkish and greek aircraft , which was extremely common in the 90s . 
  in fact it became a bit of an `` inside '' joke that is how turks and greeks socialise . 
  turks do not see themselves as victims . 
  barely any turk will get offended by jokes about kebab . 
  however the `` remove kebab '' is from yugoslav wars , directed towards bosniaks by serbs . 
  victims here are bosniaks , not turks . 
  back to 90s again . 
  no mediterranean rivalry ?
