  it is also more than a little frustrating to see the same opinions repeated to you on the internet all the time without any regard to your political stance because it is easier for people to make generalizations than to actually learn . 
  not just to me but many of my compatriots i think , because people present it as if they are saying things we have never heard of before . 
  first of all you should n't support erdogan in any case and none of the statements i was talking about were made by erdogan but by his wife , i was simply correcting the misconceptions and giving context because i have found the article in the op lacking and to be intentional disinformation . 
  i also found that people often take media articles at face value without taking into consideration political climate in turkey or actually understanding turkish politics . 
  secondly the government has ran off the rails in its foreign policy and failed to damage control in syria , i think our involvement since 2013 has been misguided and government should have pulled back at 2014 at the very least , i still do n't think turkey 's involvement in the area was against nato 's interests however . 
  definitely go ahead on being against akp and erdogan , he certainly should n't be president and his government should n't have had the 40 % votes they had . 
  however understand that turkey 's politics are completely different compared to saudi arabia including the reasons turkey backed groups it did in syria even if it might have coincided . 
  erdogan is also not a salafist religious nutjob but rather a corrupt populist manipulator that is also very authoritarian and uses the polarization in the country to his benefit . 
  people misjudge him , not that he is n't bad , he definitely is but not for the reasons he is painted in western media often . 
  i have actually made a post about this [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/49bbfz/turkish_police_fire_rubber_bullets_to_break_up/d0qoibq ) . 
  it would also be nice if you do understand that this statement [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4a18cw/turkish_first_lady_praises_ottomanera_harem_for/d0wqqhx ) is completely out of place . 
  please do read my post [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4a18cw/turkish_first_lady_praises_ottomanera_harem_for/d0wscbz ) and reconsider it while taking into account what i have said above about the article and be honest with yourself , do you think it was made against the correct incident ? 
   then why not talk about `` normal '' school instead in that case ? 
  the event in particular was one about women 's impact on ottoman society . 
   well there we come back to one of the dark aspect of that dark age : that 's a risk to see society coming back to something like that . 
  i highly doubt that we will be introducing harems back any time soon . 
  you certainly wo n't . 
   i 'll repeat myself the laws regarding birth control and children per family in turkey are out in the internet for you to check . 
  what is your point , what are you trying to prove to me ? 
  what do you think is my position on those statements and what are you trying to change my position to ? 
  i mean this whole conversation did start about you making assumptions and it being very honestly annoying but i am curious , please do answer honestly . 
   despite the rosy goggles and revisionism ongoing ( of which they might be another set of victims themselves ) , history taught us harem society was n't in fact exactly equal in reality jesus christ . 
  she did n't say harem was an example of social equality . 
  she said that it was an institution of education as well as its heir producing purposes where valide sultan ( mother of the sultan ) has held most power . 
  will you stop making me defend dumb shit by being inaccurate about it ? 
   i have a problem here too because when you point out what people says you argue `` it ca n't really be that bad !, 
  surely you exagerate ! '' . 
  well ... where have i done that ? 
  you have again jumped arguments here . 
  is that about akp ? 
  i mean , i explained to you few posts above that this is one of the least conservative and `` salafist '' things that they could have possibly do since she was literally saying we should strive for more social equality . 
  i have also said above again that i agree that i think religions are past their time . 
  i am still against demonization of people , regimes and ideologies even if i disagree with them because i think that 's an extreme view point and not very constructive overall . 
  it is how salafists you seem to hate also get their kicks also , by demonizing the opposition . 
  are n't we just circling this conversation now ? 
  the point is that the article in particular is disinformation and your comment was misplaced . 
  if we are over this , let 's not waste more time circling it . 
   because it 's a thought process frequently used to whitewash terrible persons or group that commited horrible actions that border on crimes against society and/or humanity . 
  it is true but we should n't do either this or the opposite of completely demonising regimes or peoples entirely i feel . 
  both are extreme viewpoints . 
   i 'd love to agree but this is something i generally hear from the republicans as an introduction a couple seconds before they start pushing again something particularly and spectacularly retarded i am not an american republican , not a nationalist or someone who likes ottomans on the whole either . 
  so it is not relevant to conversation i feel . 
   well ; from a western cultural point of view ; it 's the equivalent of a 4chaner yelling `` maybe the nazis are n't so bad ; at least trains ran on time and teachers got paid under hitler '' . 
  what 's wrong with acknowledging while a regime or a person in particular might have been wrong on the whole , that they might have also had good ideas ? 
  people are n't all wrong or all right generally , they all come with their virtues and vices . 
   well ; everytime the akp gov make such comments ; we 're going to point out how religion and medieval thinking is still obviously influencing their actions . 
  something like a harem do n't exist since the end of the medieval era for a reason . 
  the way you have put it sends a very different message . 
  also again , her speech was n't about bringing back the harems but to advocate for education . 
  it was at an event about women 's impact on ottoman society . 
  all the things that could be considered sexist of their government , this incident in particular is n't the one to make that statement . 
   we see polarization as artificially maintained . 
  it is n't artificially maintained . 
  it has been present when erdogan was still a child . 
  if anything , he is a product of it . 
  erdogan does make a very good use of it and certainly tries to appeal to his demographic in particular which is a strong bloc while rest of the country is more divided . 
   tbh i wonder whether the saudis infected him with their salafism or something i think what he is infected with is what we call authoritarianism and its specific flavour is corruption and manipulation . 
   was n't he started in the media business by the gullenists ? 
  do n't they use religion as an excuse for all their excesses too ? 
  yes and last week he closed the biggest g\u00fclenist media outlet . 
   do n't they use religion as an excuse for all their excesses too ? 
  they use it as a damage control and i believe most of them are religious as well . 
  however nowadays they use `` foreign interference '' and `` danger to national security '' more . 
   now , i still have a problem when the leadership of what used to be one of the most progressive countries in the area start being apologetic for reducing people in slavery ( because , that 's what a harem is ) . 
  the article itself in the op 's link is taken out of context , see my other post above . 
  harem also had an educational part and that was what she was talking about in particular , saying that education is important . 
  do n't think i am defending them . 
  i am merely clearing a misconception about them because i do think people should dislike and be against their government but when they do it for wrong reasons it is frustrating . 
  it is especially frustrating to see same comments about religious extremism or whatever other current media trend about turkey is repeated to you randomly several times a day like a prayer regardless of what your actual political stance is . 
  it is also frustrating because akp 's government has n't changed a whole lot between 2008 and now yet it has only came to light in last few years that they might actually not be that great . 
  they were praised in western media when they first came to power for wrong reasons , now they are criticised for wrong reasons as well . 
  a lot of people which criticise turkey do n't understand the complex political structure in turkey , one that is made of very polar opposite views on many topics ( hence the rampant polarization in the country with both sides having very low opinions of each other , to an extreme ) and assume we are just a hivemind . 
   no , but medias certainly shape the opinion in a lot of countries . 
  and if the gov seize them all then use them to mold the currents as to say that `` buhhuh the evil eu is just looking for excuses to insult us but really the ottoman empire and islamism is cool '' and push it on tv on a daily basis ; people start believing it in numbers . 
  if people would be believing in numbers they would believe in the fact majority of turkey did n't vote for akp . 
  not only that west has media manipulation too as seen evidently from article in question . 
  it is not helping the cause of other turks that do not support akp ( the majority ) when you are just taking things out of context to paint turks in a bad light , it is alienating as fuck and actually a lot of turks in the internet regardless of their stance on akp or religion start to dislike eu independently because what they see is not any different than what akp is doing in their media manipulation . 
  the simple fact is though people believe what they want to believe , even if we all consider ourselves to be rational and objective at a topic and it takes less effort to teach something to people than to make them unlearn it . 
   probably because i 'm tired of religious fundamentalists pushing their shitty medieval agenda on the rest of the world . 
  it killed the middle east , and before that it killed occidental civilisation too for a thousand years . 
  the european medieval era was called a dark age for a reason . 
  we did n't need it at the time , and certainly nobody needs it now . 
  you see i do n't even disagree with you in relation to religions being way past their due but it is so unrelated to topic at hand that it does n't make a good case for your argument . 
   then , for a starter , if they did n't openly ( or even quietly ) pushed salafism as a state policy that would n't happen . 
  hanafi is the flavour of islam in turkey and is the school of islamic taught primarily taught and practised here , not salafism . 
  i believe main problems with erdogan have nothing to do with salafism either , such as his media control which has no basis in religion , in fact , the latest newspaper that closed was one of the most conservative in turkey . 
  he was actually quite controversial with comments he made about democracy in some of the more religious countries , telling them to not fear democracy . 
   point me an extremely religious country where it does not affect society in a hugely negative manner . 
  i did n't say religion does n't affect society , it is just not the reason for most of problems in turkey . 
   then , maybe it 's time to ask yourself questions instead of just ignoring the issue and wondering why everybody keeps ranting about it ? 
  : - / who ignores what ? 
  you are just making a whole lot of assumptions without knowing anything about person you are talking to , do you believe all turks are connected to a hivemind ? 
  europe is n't most of the world and extremists views are present there as well still . 
  even if we ignored that , your comment is inaccurate and unrelated . 
  it is n't even targeting the correct audience on top of that you are pretty much preaching to the choir , it just sounds snobby , arrogant and self-righteous as a result . 
  believe me this `` blunt truth '' coming from you is neither the first we saw this nor it will be the last , in fact i believe i have read turks being called extremist fundamentalist isis supporters and will never be european 5 times today alone . 
  if you want to correctly asses the article in question and argument against what she said in her speech , i have provided the context and translation , if you want to argue about problems of turkey and why it would n't be accepted to eu , i would actually would like to talk about it as well , hint , i do n't believe religion is the biggest or main problem and i am an atheist . 
  if you want to make patronizing comments , you are free to do so but do not think you are unique or even enlightening us with your vast knowledge , wisdom and insight on the topic , whatever you have to say , an english speaking turk heard it thousand times already . 
  i mean out of all the incidents you could have chosen to talk about why turkey is a religious fundamentalist country , you chose the one where she made a speech encouraging social equality and acceptance of women in more areas , really ? 
   the rest of the world moved on from that did it now ?
