  smokers cost less on healthcare because they die earlier and they most often die from heart attack not cancer . 
  people that grow old are the ones that cost the healthcare most . 
  also cigarettes are heavily taxed , smokers are probably on that regard paying back more to healthcare than they cost . 
  if you do n't believe it , you can check the statistics online . 
  nothing wrong with loving your country . 
  however i find that nationalism makes people delusional and disingenuous about faults of their country and excessively confrontational about other 's . 
  it is important to remember people are individuals first . 
  love this piece , it is so great to see it played it like that . 
   are you implying that a majority of the refugees are '' doctors and professors '' ? 
  he was obviously being sarcastic . 
  none taken . 
  i just do n't think turkish is a bad sounding language though , it is a fairly monotone language with no guttural sounds . 
  neutral about it . 
  i think he was liberal in his own retarded way . 
  if we remember accepting a syrian person as swedish in sweden is considered liberal . 
  that 's a really low blow . 
  napoleon losing most of his army coming back from russia has had even a bigger impact in my opinion or even peninsular war . 
  however yeah , the importance of waterloo is overblown . 
  especially because it is presented as a glorious victory over the enemy of free peoples of middle-earth . 
   more generalist babble what are you even talking about , i specifically talked about your arguments and are you so stupid to not be able to understand the general arguments i gave were because you use general statements to contrast an exception ? 
  you are the one for the last several posts making generalizations and reductive comments without addressing literally any of my points . 
   translation : i have no historic arguments that are relevant in the context i literally wrote an essay above which were all historical context . 
   i will not concede my point regardless because i 'm religiously invested in it that would require me being a muslim , which i am not and i never was , i am talking as a person who dislikes people who takes sides in history because of current political events . 
  you are the one religious invested in , because it is important to you that ottomans were muslims , as opposed to others who have might have done exceptionally brutal , because that is relevant today to your interests . 
   so i 'll accuse you of being a bigot instead . 
  in this conversation you have been the one accusing me of various things , while talking in buzzwords and not assessing my points individually like i have done to yours . 
  you just have done with religion for example . 
  i did not accuse you of being a bigot , for all i care you might be the most open-minded person in the world , i accused you of using history to draw parallels for your current political beliefs , which you are doing . 
   standard regressive ideology at work standard regressive left meme, 
  because you pulled the conversation that way ? 
  i responded to your assumptions and your factual errors , talked about people because that is the required context and ideas as well , since i talked about janissary system as a general . 
  you have made a claim that ottomans were exceptionally brutal and bloody , which i disagreed , as a rule of logic i gave you general examples and specific examples to contrast to show that they were n't . 
  i told you that if you knew the history better you could make that argument on an individual basis instead . 
  i gave you examples of exceptional brutality and bloodiness , from ottoman side as well which you could use to make an actual argument . 
  i responded to your factual errors of janissary system and i said janissary system in particular is n't even worst part of ottomans . 
  on top of this i never denied ottomans were brutal or bloody but you argued as if i made that claim , which i did n't . 
  your entire argument was that i am romanticizing which is an entirely baseless claim since i dislike them and i ca n't be romanticizing if i am actively talking about their negative sides without talking about a single positive side , do you even know what romanticizing is ? 
  aside from using it as a buzzword against states you dislike ? 
  at the end of the ordeal all you do is act smug and pretend i cherry picked when i individually responded to your claims and more . 
  you would n't be convinced without the opposition considering ottoman actions in a vacuum with a completely black & white mentality while ignoring rest of the world , which you ca n't ignore when your claim is with a comparative term and not an absolute one . 
  so let 's end the conversation here because this is n't about history , it is about current politics and you only use history as justification . 
  dutch sounds like someone trying to speak english , german and french simultaneously while choking on their drink . 
   generalised platitudes again with zero specifics . 
  when someone makes a comment suggesting a specific case was exceptional , you provide a general statement to argue that it was n't specifically exceptional , because you are arguing exception versus general . 
  if you try to disprove an exceptional case with another exceptional case , that does n't make it less exceptional and instead is whataboutism , you prefer that as an argument ? 
  i would guess so actually , i am certain you would enjoy a pissing contest about who did what horrible things historically . 
  so , yes , my comment was general statement because i am not interested in making arguments about more brutal or bloody cases , i just gave couple examples above of exceptionally brutal and bloody occurrences , in hopes of giving you the hint of what exceptional cases of history are . 
  if you want more i can give , such as julius ceaser 's treatment of gauls , mongolian treatment of the chinese and assyrians in general , leopold 's congo for occupation instead of war . 
   this is common to those that romanticise ottoman empire and islamic civilization . 
  creating a strawman to argue against without taking into consideration anything i have said . 
  i do n't romanticize either , if anything i dislike ottomans , yet you see anything less than your own negative opinion of them as romanticizing , placing your own subjective standards as an objective measurement , which would n't bother me if you had more knowledge in the area . 
  i am not ignoring their wrongdoings or shortcomings thus i am not romanticizing them , i do n't even like them , you are the one focusing here specifically on one civilization while ignoring others , as an argument of alleged exceptional actions . 
  who is romanticizing whom when your selective conscience is targeting what you consider to be the other while ignoring what you consider the in-group ? 
  better yet i think what you are doing is a bitter `` revenge '' for certain european leftists about white guilt because of slavery or perhaps idolizing islamic caliphates during their peak , so you are not arguing about your own wrong statement about exception but rather as a general rule to prove that `` others were worse ! '' . 
  which is whataboutism . 
   they were codified within civil law , and said children were then used as shock troops for further conquest as they grew a bit . 
  yes , devshirme or otherwise known as blood tax was a systemic draft and enrolled kids into a specific education that made them either administrators or soldiers . 
  in that it is forced slavery . 
  you ca n't think of any other examples of forced draft , levies or serfdom , really ? 
  it is not similar to atlantic slave trade for example , because devshirmes while technically slaves in that they were forced to service , were paid and could hold positions of power way greater than the average citizen . 
  not to say one is better or not , since ottomans themselves were also involved in slave trade , like all of the empires powerful enough at the time until abolishment of it . 
  also janissaries were definitely not shock troops . 
  shock troops of ottoman army were the cavalry , not elite infantry . 
  janissaries were support troops and were often in reserve , they also served as the sultan 's personal royal guard and were sent around the different parts of empire that did n't have spahis to bring local order . 
  you are completely and absolutely wrong and have no idea what you are talking about if you think janissaries were shock troops when they were elite soldiers used generally to clean up enemy army . 
  you also do n't know more than half of the ottoman army was actually cavalry and janissaries were not a main body . 
   codification of this barbarism in law over centuries is what allowed ottoman conquest to be as powerful as it was , and as exceptionally brutal as it was . 
  yes , national draft made powerful armies , that 's why stronger empires switched to a draft system instead of relying on mercenaries and levies , making organized and professional armies . 
  which janissaries and tercios are considered to be first in modern era . 
  what i have given was a side comment however , not related to discussion at hand about an exceptional case . 
   and eventually it broke down largely because said stolen children started to turn against them as they overextended . 
  the `` stolen '' children only turned against sultans because sultans wanted to abolish the system . 
  young osman dissatisfied with performance of janissaries wanted abolish them for a national army but they did n't want their rights revoked , which at the time grow to such degree they were basically political and military elite above most of the society . 
  other times where they revolted were times that ottomans wanted to modernize the army , since janissaries were exceptionally traditionalist . 
  a lot of the mistreatment of locals were done by the janissaries , by the way , some of the most brutal governors and events were all devshirme children . 
  there is even a case where sultan helped serbians against janissaries , because they were an uncontrollable , terrible bunch . 
  an obvious mistake to rely on zealous and extremely traditionalist soldiers for local security . 
  in comparison to janissaries , timarli spahis , the drafted cavalry and close equivalent of knights of europe , has way less mistreatment . 
  a focus on janissary system in specific without taking into consideration anything else , ignoring rest of the world shows both a lack of knowledge and a deliberate ideological aim . 
  obviously not interested in actual rational discussion or objective consideration but pushing an agenda and using specific events in history to justify it . 
   this romanticised version of ottoman invasion and islamic world in general is getting tiresome . 
  i am not romanticizing anything , you are . 
  i said they were brutal and bloody but not exceptionally so , you are the one assuming that everyone else were n't somehow brutal and bloody , i am guessing especially europeans ? 
  this just shows that you have romanticized view of history but selectively so . 
   they were the key players in properly industrialized slavery , and the key players in institutionalizing systemic slave raiding , systemic child theft and forced conversions . 
  yes , they have done all of this and i am not defending them , yet to say that these were exceptional ? 
  because they were n't , you know about all the atrocities ottomans committed and are against them because they are the other and did these in europe , while turning blind eye to everything else in rest of the world , because they are outside of your realm of conscience . 
  besides `` child theft '' and forced conversions were the vast minority of the conversions but that 's irrelevant . 
   because there 's a limit to what you can do in a single war . 
  yes , indeed and there is much to do during an occupation , that 's why ottoman conquest was n't exceptionally brutal . 
  there have been cases of horrible treatment of natives by soldiers and mercenaries during occupation but those are not exceptional either . 
   ottomans on the other hand were brutal over hundreds of years , and not because individual ruler was particularly bad , but because the system in the state was aimed to produce that level of brutality . 
  you see , if you had an actual knowledge about ottoman history , you could make a very good argument here about individually exceptionally bloody and brutal leaders , such as murad iv but you do n't know those and you can not make that argument because your argument is n't based on knowledge but ideology . 
  if you also knew ottoman history you would also know that there was n't any institutionalized consensus about treatment of ottoman subjects amongst the sultans and they had all very different ideas , some better some worse , yet you do n't know enough to properly discuss that topic either to present arguments . 
  i am sorry but people are too emotionally invested with current geopolitical events , politics and too bitter with their politicians due the situation with muslim immigrants to rationally discuss history regarding a muslim empire , especially considering how much propaganda about said empire exists in both turkish resources and balkan ones . 
  you do not argue from a historical point of view , you are just looking to justify your opinions on a greater , historical basis . 
  fyi : i am not a fan of ottomans at all , they are n't even remotely close to being one my favourite historical nations , they are not even my preferred muslim state in history . 
  do n't make me defend them by being wrong , because i do n't care about them . 
   ottoman invasion was exceptionally bloody and brutal . 
  it was n't in ottoman interest to be bloody or brutal because that would completely alienate their population , when they did that later on , 18th century and onwards soon enough all parts of empire broke apart .
