  the guy you are responding to is just trying hard to deflect negative image from turks . 
  this gave me feels , it also reminded me of my own childhood and my interactions back then as well . 
  yes they did . 
  they have no reason to organise a coup in turkey though because turkey is already in nato . 
  no reason for them to work with g\u00fclen either . 
  people who say america is behind the coup are legit retarded i think . 
  this is some next level coping mechanism to deal with the fact turkey is rotten to the core in its administrative process , as well as government and army . 
  how quick can someone to forget erdogan was the person who was allied with g\u00fclen and worked together until recently , how g\u00fclenists were brought to positions and rapidly promoted both in army and `` justice '' system , how do people forget it was g\u00fclen aligned judges that were assigned to ergenekon ( alleged coup from army ) . 
  if `` america is behind g\u00fclen and the coup '' then america is also behind erdo\u011fan . 
  yet i expect nothing better from turks , nothing but far fetched conspiracy theories about `` outside forces '' trying to disrupt turkey , not realising it is turks themselves that have been destroying this country for last 100 years . 
  it 's a shame pakistanis generally speak urdu and afghani generally speak pashto and other iranic languages , not arabic . 
  i think overwhelmingly people are from the g\u00fclen-islam line but people who were very openly and consistently anti-erdo\u011fan might have been also caught . 
  he does n't take well to criticism . 
  i did not mean that as to suggest they are behind the coup . 
  `` is n't really secular '' would be a colossal underestimation . 
  they are were very much so against secularism . 
  i agree with this information here , people seem to be unaware that this `` coup '' and following arrests have little to do with secularism or lack of it but rather a feud between erdogan and g\u00fclen . 
  not to say turkey is a secular country or it will get better , it is not and it will definitely not get better but it is basically erdogan `` undoing '' their agreement with g\u00fclen more than anything else . 
  while i do not approve what 's happening , most of the people who are being let go are the people who are very far away from a secular democracy . 
  should be judged as a hate crime and not a simple violent crime . 
   i do n't think the ones getting promoted by erdogan are the ones getting arrested they got promoted back when erdogan and g\u00fclen were still best buddies , now erdogan is purging them plus other dissents . 
   i don \u00b4 t know how even erdogan supporters can be that dumb and don \u00b4 t understand the implication of these changes when done . 
  it 's a given when they support erdogan . 
  no surprise he had a list . 
  he is the one that got those people to positions of power in the first place , rapidly promoting them as well . 
   when was turkey ever alive ? 
  never . 
  probably something to do with privately owned schools of gulen and control of media . 
  they might have also had ideological clash or clash about laws , who knows . 
  have n't you listened to farage and boris ? 
  turkey is already in eu . 
  [ turkish politics in a nutshell ] ( https://thatwasabitmental.files.wordpress.com/2014/05/avp-alien-vs-predator-poster.jpg ), 
  they probably already knew the g\u00fclen supporters , akp put them there in the first place . 
  no death penalty is imposed yet . 
  although i would n't put it beyond akp and i am in no doubt it would enjoy support , anything erdogan does at this point will , he confirmed his status as the supreme ruler last night . 
  the officers involved were likely also pawns , g\u00fclen himself denounced the coup , so there is a huge chance they just got hyped by certain individuals to follow through a basically futile , unsupported and unwelcome attempt , denounced by every political party , media , army itself , g\u00fclen and basically whole world . 
  it is a tragedy thorough and thorough . 
  i guess he is a sharia supporter that is n't a wahhabist , so he has that going on for him . 
   the soldiers that were involved in the plot we saw the past the 24 hours were nothing but heroes - and this newsreport confirms that once again . 
  pawns in a game of thrones , more like . 
  implying they want us to extradite him , who would the government put all the blame on if there was n't a g\u00fclen anymore . 
  g\u00fclen is worse than erdogan and they used to be best buddies before 2011 . 
  g\u00fclen is an unironic sharia supporter for one . 
  yes , he replaced them with g\u00fclenists . 
  now he is removing the g\u00fclenists . 
  does n't germany have the most amount of muslims by absolute numbers ? 
  yours would be an equally dumb comment if you made it . 
  hispania is the latin name of the peninsula . 
  a federal iberia named hispania would be great actually . 
  drop the monarchy and make it happen . 
  is this a competition now ? 
  populists can steal the attention because others are flat out refusing to talk about it . 
  there is islamic radicalisation in europe and it has been going on for a while now . 
  i do not agree with the law itself but if they are going to prosecute people for inciting hate , they should do it for everyone . 
  i am fine with them also arresting muslims who incite hate if they are going to arrest far-right for same reason . 
  [ you right now ] ( https://i.imgur.com/nnxlbwt.jpg ) . 
  do n't rub it in will you . 
  death makes life meaningful though . 
  it makes anything and everything you do while alive count . 
  far more turks deny armenian genocide than germans deny holocaust . 
  i would say majority denies it in fact in turkey . 
  although no one dies armenians got killed . 
  it actually sounds a bit like a tavern name . 
  as i said , alleged , which probably means instead of turkish and hungarian having a common origins , the languages likely interacted with the same third party . 
  hungarian and turkish does share a lot of words , both due alleged common origins and because ottomans kind of occupied hungary for a century and a half . 
  we also call that i\u015fkembe \u00e7orbas\u0131 , i fucking love it . 
  usually people drink it as a hangover remedy late at night . 
  make portugal and spain france ? 
  cows being born in a barn does n't make them cows either , them being cows do . 
  plus i said european born , as in nationality , which is truth . 
  they are born into your countries , all terrorist attacks in europe so far have been european born . 
  no , it is the opposite . 
  if they are leaning towards robbing , killing and blowing themselves up , they were probably not a competitor in the job market in the first place . 
  i think they should have been deported . 
  what was he thinking i wonder . 
   your country is the one funding and harbouring is ah this 3 year old meme keeps being repeated ever still . 
   - saudi arabia is just doing what islam dictates `` better '' than others highly debatable , they are salafi sect and especially wahhabism is rampant . 
  it is like saying protestants are doing better than orthodox . 
  wales are part of england and has been so for over half a millennium . 
  cute, 
  i do n't know why it matters , since you put `` brown skin '' into the equation , even if they were n't muslims , they 'd be still brown . 
  so you are talking about straight up ethnic nationalism there . 
   this is the same thing i feel about haters of turks . 
  you are thoroughly wrong . 
  hate for turks goes way back than hate for muslims in general . 
  i doubt it could be immigrants alone . 
  turkey has 15 million kurdish people , way more than french has immigrants and kurds in southeast tend to have over 3.5 fertility rate , this barely puts turkey at 2.17 . 
  so likely it is also french couples themselves having more children as well . 
  turkish equipment is modern and updated , turkey even exports some domestic products . 
  it has to do with the fact soldiers are paid peanuts and conscripts are n't even paid , the spending is mostly equipment while other countries might spend much more for salaries , pensions of soldiers and so on . 
  some people idealise the act of going out in a blaze of glory , like charles xii has . 
  i agree though , between him and gustav , i would definitely pick the latter , he made sweden the temporary major power , he was successful not only militarily but in fronts of administration and governance and lion of the north is a cool as fuck title . 
  charles xii is a much better choice than hitler , though . 
  also between gustavus adolphus and the other adolf , i 'd probably also choose the former . 
  oh i misunderstood your hypothetical scenario , i thought you implied france would n't try to protect eastern europe . 
  why do you think they would n't try to protect eu members and nato allies against a russian aggression ? 
  is there a french-russian dynamic i am not aware of ? 
  france would likely protect eastern europe against russia , no ? 
  the point i tried to illustrate was that you do n't need some sort of ethnic or national identity for it , as you can invent one if necessary , as there was n't a turkish identity before . 
  nationalism is just a specific form of tribalism , others also exist .
