  you perceive that as a victim card . 
  i did not present that as an excuse but rather a logical explanation to current turkish politics . 
   make unrealistic demands you already know will not happen . 
  6bn euros is too unrealistic ? 
   the reason turkey will not be accepted to the eu is because they still do n't atone for their past i think it has more to do with it having almost as much population as germany . 
   it was a jest about you how you adopted ` middle-eastern position ' , while it is clear you never left that position . 
  you , who ? 
  what time period ? 
  20 years ago turkish politics was much more european acceptance leaning than it is now . 
  in fact erdogan himself was trying to make attempts to fit the criteria . 
   it would be hilarious if it was n't just sad how a country that shells another country with artillery still tries to be the victim . 
  i did n't claim we are victims . 
  you said i am claiming we are victims . 
  i think turkish foreign policy failed in syria and now we are suffering the consequences of it . 
   while in fact , you are an aggressor , just like the eu , usa and other destabilizing factors in syria . 
  never denied this . 
   turkey is not the boogeyman of the middle east , but at least drop the pretense of innocence . 
  there is more of a pretense of turkey wanting to fuck with people just because they can and supporting isis because they are fellow muslims than there is a pretense of innocence . 
   the eu as an institution is weak and you know it , and your politicians abuse it to the core . 
  abuse how ? 
  not of hungarians in particular certainly . 
  however a lot of western powers did interfere in middle-east , they made it their problem then now trying to deny any responsibility in it is disingenuous . 
  it is funny because that 's not too far away from how zaman used to be before 2013 . 
   battle of vienna , armenian genocide , kurds . 
  just the tip of the iceberg . 
  what do these have to do with politics of refugee critics ? 
   since you are a fan of reminding people of their ` past ' . 
  that 's funny , it seems to be opposite to me . 
  turks can never be innocent because armenian genocide seems to be the common viewpoint among many people . 
  also no , i am not `` a fan of reminding people of their past '' in fact i was talking about recent politics and you just brought a 400 year old siege . 
  turkey : never innocent . 
  the idea of having personal freedom is not unique to west . 
  you ca n't just say west means individual rights so anyone who has had ideals of individual rights is west . 
  concurrently european countries are best in terms of individual freedom , there is no denying it . 
  just that those ideals are quite bit old . 
  also i never said anything about racism what are you talking about ? 
  where did i say that turks have managed to do it ? 
  i do n't ? 
  i said above turks are genetically mostly byzantine stock and i do n't think that 's rejecting turkishness . 
  turks today in turkey are pretty much a continuum of turco-persian , ottoman and byzantine culture . 
  yes , i must be connected to a hivemind and share every political and social outlook of my government . 
  glory to erdogan . 
  however , turkey currently does hold the most amount of refugees compared to any other country , so it does have a little bit of a surplus in that regard . 
  i do n't agree with idea that sins of europe 's past should be used against them today when they do have their contemporary virtues , however i do think europeans should acknowledge while their ideals today are pretty , they got to having those ideals after having their more than fair share of exploitations , supremacist ideals and cynical outlooks to grow out of as a society ( thanks to events such as french revolution ) . 
   liberty is a uniquely western idea , with us since the first hoplite charge in defense of his city state . 
  it is also ridiculous to to claim this , by the way , because ideals of individual freedom is quite older than enlightenment era and was not unique to greek city states . 
  what you meant to say or misunderstood is the current western definition of liberty has been put to word in greek city states . 
   the simple truth is that nothing is gained by working with a country like turkey . 
  your country can not be counted on to keep it 's promises and deals . 
  on what basis ? 
   given you rewards will not change this and the only ones who will get hurt in this is us europeans . 
  it seems to me the ones getting fucked over most in this whole situation is innocent syrians who have found themselves and their country in the middle of a civil war , which is made into a proxy war with many factions and players that they ca n't do anything about . 
  also europeans who have been victim of crime due refugees that are being used as political pieces by people who are pushing an agenda , as well as people that use the victims themselves to push an agenda . 
   it is time we closed down and made europe into a dam fortress if we have to . 
  the world most fix it 's own dam problems . 
  that would be quite perfect actually , i am for people solving their own problems sadly the world does n't work that way . 
  europe , us and russia , as well as everyone else intervenes with affairs of foreign countries . 
  it just so happens a lot of people are not fan of dealing with consequences of this interference . 
  anyway you obviously have a weak grasp of english language so we are having communication problems . 
  are you ethnic swedish ? 
  just because are always going to be in pain does n't mean you should n't try to improve the situation . 
  those people are actually following your ideology of being `` pragmatic '' as well , leeching when they can and committing crime because they can get away with it , after all there is already human suffering on earth is n't there ? 
  pragmatism and lack of empathy is what leads to people taking advantage of others . 
  i do n't condone such attacks and i do n't think they should be given any quarter and admission process should be regulated and better controlled to not allow any people of that sort of leanings . 
  which i think a cooperation between turkey and eu is a step in right direction . 
  i find it rather lacking in the empathy department . 
  yes lets name ourselves republic of former ottoman empire of once byzantine anatolia . 
  this anatolian identity pushing is as delusional and disconnected from reality as turanism is . 
  it is true that turks today are not necessarily genetically or culturally very connected to oghuz turks of central asia . 
  however we have even less cultural connection to anatolians of old . 
  what turks are a result of turco-persian tradition , which gave birth to ottomans in its islamic and byzantine synthesis on top of this . 
  if you want to call yourself something else than a turk on a cultural basis , you would better start writing in arabic script and speaking ottoman turkish because boy it surely wo n't be anatolian . 
  if you want to call yourself something else on a genetic basis , then you might want to find a possible candidate for emperor of eastern roman empire because anatolian population before turkish influx was one that was result of rome with a unity based on hellenic-christian-roman culture and history . 
  what is more clear recently is turks simply have understood turkey would never be accepted to eu and said fuck it and accepted their middle-eastern position instead . 
  support for erdogan is a result . 
  you are being retarded in your attempt to be patronizing . 
  the current status-quo is not helping anyone , not us , not europeans and not the refugees . 
  how so , are n't they europeans ? 
  it does obviously represent them to a degree even if it is not consensus . 
  i was n't specifically talking about europeans of this subreddit anyway but the politicians . 
  it is first crusade all over again , just in opposite direction . 
  so what i am getting here is europeans do n't want any migrants , they do n't want any refugees from turkey and they want turkey to hold the migrants from turkey but they do n't want to give turkey anything at all in return and somehow this is all turkey 's fault ? 
  do n't be dumb . 
  does france need a name change too because franks were a minority ? 
  also based on that link you sent the top two haplogroups are common amongst central asians and turkmens with bunch of other smaller asian imprints as well . 
  besides turkic is not an ethnic identity but a linguistic one . 
  there are barely any actual genetic connections between kyrgyz people and yakut people too , yet both are considered turkic without any objection . 
  this identity crisis among turks is getting seriously annoying , both from the turanists and other wing whatever they are . 
  yes they are all about flipping private property . 
  well cosmonauts were first to space . 
  i appreciate it . 
  well there is 3 million refugees in turkey . 
  should n't be a combined effort to help take care of them ? 
  germany alone has over 4 times the gdp of turkey while less than a third of refugees . 
   we gave turkey 3 billion euros , nothing changed . 
  you have n't , actually . 
  you said you would but did n't , then turkey decided 3bn was too little anyway and increased it , as it costed us 12bn to host them for a year . 
  we can be very convincing in our efforts to make people march back to syria . 
  touch\u00e9 but i love america . 
  i do n't think he is a strong or a good leader but he does know how to present himself as one .
