  legend . 
  funny you chose turks there , what you call a turk now might have been a greek , a bulgarian , a serbian , you get the point . 
  in fact our government in past tried to do the whole `` civic nationalism '' thing to include kurds to this turkish identity , it did n't work because they did not adhere to concepts of civic nationalism or nationalism in general back then , they were still tribalistic as the areas they lived in were remote and isolated . 
  fucking perfect . 
   also , racism and xenophobia are inherent to human nature . 
  no , it is n't . 
  in-group and out-group mentality is but reflecting this to a national identity is not , a national identity is invented . 
  is n't shisha a mughal invention carried to safavids then to ottomans ? 
  i worded it a bit poorly , what i meant is basically there is no stream-lined guide but rather accepted upon basics with debated specifics . 
  violent outbursts of anger does n't make good soldiers with today 's technology , calm and calculated people who can be aware of their surroundings , keep a situation under control and act with precision do . 
  if you think military trained soldiers act as if they are from a battle scene from brave heart , you are awfully unaware of how combat works . 
  i would n't say that , economics and geopolitics are approximate sciences , which make them less reliable and less predictable , they both also depend greatly on human factor , which are not calculable . 
  this makes them harder to work upon and agree upon , as we can concurrently see there are great many disagreements on how economy and geopolitics both should work at any given time . 
  not only that , people often ca n't even come to agree past events , let alone what could or would happen in future . 
  i do n't think that makes them more complicated , just more , well , random . 
  it was n't really a compliment to italy , rather a criticism of vichy france . 
  there was a lot of anti-semitic sentiment in general in europe at the time , it was historical after all . 
  however i think mussolini for all his faults as well as literally inventing fascism was not one i think . 
  most of turks live in coastal areas , inner anatolia is sparsely populated save for ankara . 
  it 's a bit funny italy spent more effort trying to save their jews than france did . 
  people are so unaware of height of spanish history and their century long domination it is just surprising at times . 
  i guess it is english history via usa that is known most about , when even the word `` the empire which the sun never sets upon '' was coined for the spanish , 2 centuries before english . 
  yes slovenes too . 
  also montenegrins as well . 
  you can find that sharp of a difference in 1924 in turkey itself , difference between a developed part of istanbul and a city from northern coast for example . 
  it is however a touchy subject for people of yugoslavia , they like to pride themselves in their differences when they share much more in common . 
  one would think a prophet could defend himself against disrespect . 
  they mean an english name by a canadian name i assume . 
  what diversity ? 
  serbs , croats and bosniaks are all same people , speaking same language pretending to be different people because of their invented ethnic nationalism that is based on religion . 
  there is nothing about covering your face in quran . 
  it is same old abrahamic and middle-eastern traditionalism and conservatism that is about covering hair . 
  this whole body covering is a purely jealousy , envy and possessiveness thing . 
  i would personally prefer seljuks represented by alp arslan or ottomans represented by mehmed ii . 
  he inherited the glory and did n't really help build on it . 
  i 'd say if it would n't be isabel , the best choice after her would be felipe , as king of spain and it was him the phrase `` the empire which sun never sets upon '' was coined for . 
  charles was a good man but he failed in everything he aspired to do and basically drained spain fighting meaningless religious wars . 
   who won ? 
  the french did . 
  aragon is catalonia now ? 
  if i remember history correctly , it was catalonia that was a principality under crown of aragon , not the other way around . 
  orban made his offer to europeans first , none accepted , he went to mehmed ii and his offer was accepted , what 's wrong with that ? 
  what ? 
  cocaine still sounds better . 
  it is not that humans are evil but power can be intoxicating and when everyone was basically subjugating others since recorded history and when it is no secret humans have great potential for evil , the evil can sometimes became the norm , after that through greed and a desire for more power you can start ignoring your own conscience . 
  besides , soldiers and rulers could often be desensitised to human suffering , rulers by ignoring it from their ivory towers and soldiers through experience . 
  take 30 years wars in europe for example to see the extent of evil humanity is capable of during chaos where entire villages were left to mercy of mercenaries , see how few people could organise annihilation of thousands of people . 
  humans are not inherently evil , no but humans are capable very capable of it , especially when you can simply dehumanise the opposition . 
  what does all the money in the world worth if you ca n't even buy yourself bags and bags of cocaine with it ? 
  yes but you said they deny there was killings , which is usually not the case . 
  yeah i know i do n't deny an intend to genocide , it is however official turkish statement , they do n't deny the killings or the death , only the intent . 
  official statement of turkish state is armenians died and were deported but there was no intent to genocide . 
  erdogan is a symptom of a larger problem , he is the product of the society , rather than builder of it . 
  armenia does n't have that sort of power to ask for reparations but turkey has enough countries that would push for reparations . 
  i am not happy with it but if turkey recognises the genocide it will be used as political leverage for years to come by third parties , not by turkey or armenia . 
  i found it extremely stupid and harmful when temporarily it was illegal to say armenian genocide happened here , i am glad that it is no longer illegal , it makes for better conversations , i think these sort of historical denial laws do n't achieve anything positive except letting the courts be vindictive . 
  are you retarded mate ? 
  literally hundreds of thousands of turks moved and lived in balkans , that 's not counting the balkan converts . 
  do you actually think turks did n't live there ? 
  most of balkans were conquered before constantinople . 
  that 's not what you argued , which is right to practice christianity . 
  believe me if ottomans wanted to no bulgarian presence or christians at all , there would be none . 
  it showed during ww1 when a state wants expulsion of a population , they can very well manage to do so , even during a war they are losing . 
  he was founder of the young turks , he is important that way , does n't change the fact he was exiled and openly criticised , he is in no way a national hero , the figures of war of independence are . 
  you have statues of leopold in belgium as well and his death count is bigger . 
  not all of young turks were involved in the genocide . 
  talaat pasha 's government had a lot of corners . 
  the three pashas were all forced into exile and ataturk himself openly criticised them . 
  you do n't know what you are talking about . 
   refuse them the right to practice christianity what ? 
  besides a big part of muslims in balkans were greek , bulgarian and other assorted balkan populations . 
  what national hero ? 
  enver pasha was banned from entering the country after the war , he is mostly seen as the failure commander of sar\u0131kam\u0131\u015f also . 
  if you mean ataturk , he was n't involved in the genocide . 
  hunger for power knows no bounds . 
  yes but problems you are talking about are for taking too much of it , which i never argued against , the opposite , i was arguing against taking too little of it . 
  you should n't be trying to not take either carbohydrates , fat or protein , you should try to balance them with majority of your intake being carbohydrates . 
  which generally is n't problem because thankfully carbohydrates tend to come abundantly . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  carbohydrates wo n't make you more fat than either fat or proteins . 
  you should cut back on them only if you want to lose weight and that 's because your body wo n't start burning fat before it used carbohydrates . 
  it is generally recommended you take more carbohydrates than protein anyway . 
   1683 - battle of vienna ( thanks to which turkish is not an official language in the eu ) i doubt that would ever happen even if that somehow solidified control of europe for ottomans . 
  the places that have been under ottoman control for over 400 years do not have turkish as their official language as well , because ottomans never pushed for that . 
  it was simply the language of administration , nothing more . 
  which i doubt would happen anyway , too far away from capital . 
  it also was n't a `` muslim world '' vs. `` christian world '' thing as it is often painted also , it was just one empire against other . 
  french , swedish and dutch backed and hoped for victory of ottomans against habsburgs for example . 
  the idea of clash of religions is a somewhat modern revision of the events . 
  especially considering ottomans also backed protestant movements in europe as well . 
  internet often tends to bring the worst of the people and worst people , nationalists are also very vocal on the internet . 
  so stop the generalisation , will you ? 
  because you look silly when you construct sentences like `` that 's [ insert national enemy ] talk '' , especially based on internet considering balkan wars and the ww1 are still going on in youtube comments and wikipedia for some people . 
  how many armenians or kurds do you know ? 
  are n't you some turk in uk anyway ? 
  you have a weird way of expressing your thoughts . 
  the phrasing here makes it sound like you are saying it is kurds and armenians making those claims . 
  turks being oppressors in the past does not stop persecution complex . 
  if they were actually persecuted , it would n't be a persecution complex . 
  the persecution complex however is mostly common amongst religious conservatives not nationalists , those are too proud to admit persecution even if there was one .
