  it feels very arbitary to me and mostly self-serving morality . 
  oh on that point i completely agree with you . 
  i was just talking about a separate case because it is something i see commonly repeated that i think is inaccurate and historically unaware . 
  europeans should give themselves more credit on individual basis and less on a national or * european * basis . 
  nations and states all had different ideas and policies at different times . 
  i feel claiming europeans are the worst for collective exploitation while ignoring their advancements both scientific and philosophical as well as in terms of personal liberties or saying they did literally nothing wrong because cost of human life is somehow weighted in social contributions as if they were directly related are both historically inaccurate and are born out of insecurity . 
  i feel in common western consensus there is a very weird discrepancy where they have lot to be proud of but are n't and instead are proud for wrong things , they have things they should be ashamed of but are n't and instead of are ashamed of wrong things . 
  i also in general dislike any sort of geographical generalisation as if europeans had a collective hivemind about how to treat others and just switched all together in unison , when it was a long and bloody progress , should be appreciated as such without whitewashing or guilt tripping . 
  isabel the pious . 
  the very , very christian queen of castile that was the of patron inquisition and end of reconquista , also wanted natives to not be treated harshly and instead as children of god . 
  charles v explicitly stated that natives of americas to be treated as how they would treat follow citizens of castile . 
  that being feudal peasants under caste but still . 
  it is not really that black and white . 
  religion is just a free carte-blanche to whatever you want to justify from a moral stand point . 
  you want to justify exploitation of natives and slaves ? 
  sure , they have no souls thus deserve no conscience . 
  are you pious and have differing , humanistic views ? 
  sure , they are children of god and should be treated accordingly . 
  for example heroro and namaqua genocides , the military commander said something along the lines of `` there can be no humane treatment of non-humans '' . 
  that 's completely irreligious as well . 
  religion is simply a way for people to excuse themselves . 
  in that way i am very critical of muslims or any other religious people that use religion to justify their actions and claim moral high ground for any dehumanizing or oppressive tradition , which is very common . 
  dehumanization is n't a strictly religious stance however , it is just easier when you can put the responsibility to god . 
  is n't euthanasia just the process though ? 
  would you prefer the girl just took her own life at gun point , would you prefer she was given the `` diy euthanasia premium pack '' for use at home ? 
  would you prefer she lived against her own wishes because suffering to achieve death would be the greater pain ? 
  i am not a person that condones suicide because life is temporary as it is , it might get better it might get worse , it is hard to predict how happy or unhappy you will be in future . 
  however i am also indifferent about death as a concept , i do n't think human life holds any inherit value if one should be obliged to live . 
  i do agree there is a little bit of a legal conundrum here about permitting murder but it is not murder by definition if it is allowed lawfully , which is what euthanasia is . 
  well not completely . 
  there have been active efforts by monks and priests to acknowledge natives of america as children of god that lack his light and should n't be treated harshly in otherwise very staunch christian spain for example . 
  black slaves were also used very sparsely in spanish colonies . 
  it is not exactly a church vs. rationalism thing . 
  it is more of a exploitation vs. conscience thing . 
  church in this scenario can be used both to release moral obligation by counting blacks/natives lacking souls , thus free game or saying they are children of god as any and should be treated accordingly . 
  that being said i agree progress in europe in humanist areas happened despite the church rather than because of it . 
  especially because of reformation movements that weakened its grasp . 
  arabic and turkish slave trade was a caste . 
  they were n't a work force for fields like in atlantic slave trade . 
  slavery is bad in general but to defend atlantic slave trade as better than the greco-roman flavour of slave trade practiced in middle-east is disingenuous . 
  turkey has given women right to vote way before many christian european countries . 
  is it right to live or obligation to live ? 
  we have n't run out of armenians yet . 
  predators stronk and prey weak . 
  never mind the some of the most intelligent and tough animals are herbivores , such as elephants and gorillas . 
  he is actually not wrong the current constitution is basically useless , presidential system is actually in my opinion a more effective government than parliamentary . 
  giving erdogan and akp more power than they already have , however ? 
  no , thanks . 
  erdogan lost it already few years ago and that 's something considering he had little to begin with and most of the actual sane people in akp that were in the beginning already left the train long ago . 
  at this point it is just the waiting game , i doubt it will get any better not now , not in 50 years . 
  not because of erdogan but the society he is a product of , although fault lies in erdogan as well . 
   who said turkey is unwanted in nato ? 
  is that really what you read from me ? 
  turkey is not unwanted in nato , it was an `` if '' situation . 
   what i claimed is that turkey as a dictatorship should n't be in nato . 
  if you think that erdogan turning your country into a dictatorship is normal , then the problem lies within you . 
  turkey is not a dictatorship and even if it was a good democracy , which it is n't , democracies do n't owe obligation to other democracies . 
   what the hell do you expect from the eu ? 
  i expect they either do what they negotiated or do n't make desperate deals to pat themselves in the back and then not do anything and blame turkey for it and act as if turkey was the one pushing this deal while it was not . 
  turkey already does more than it is obliged . 
  turkey is not responsible for locking immigrants or refugees in , by virtue they are free to leave turkey if they want to . 
  blackmail implies turkey approached eu . 
  it is the opposite , eu is trying to bribe turkey without actually doing anything . 
  i 'd actually assume if turkey and russia got close , so would turkey and armenia . 
  if greece and turkey allied over nato , so could turkey and armenia with a policy shift . 
  why would n't we be ? 
  i have nothing against americans but if turkey is unwanted in nato why would n't turkey ally with russia instead ? 
  turks themselves do n't dislike russians or russia even , i never seen a popular negative consensus against russia . 
  especially before jet event . 
  all that happened in turkey was usa interfering with turkish politics in 80s and onwards to not let ussr hold too much control in it , turkey used to be very pro-usa until iraq war but not so much nowadays but still are firm allies . 
  europeans are making it clear that they do n't want to negotiate with turkey in the first place , turkey is in nato because of usa and usa only and as soon as usa wanted turkey out of nato ( unlikely but could happen ) it would align with russia . 
  turkey owes no more obligations to europe than russia and vice versa . 
  trump spoke positively of erdogan a year back . 
  coffee is very common here as well , it is just people drink 3-5 glasses of tea per day on average it vastly dwarfs everything else . 
  abdul hamid and three pashas are unrelated . 
  they might have targeted same groups but for different reasons , that should tell you enough about the state of affairs in ottomans regarding their views of minorities when they can find so many reasons to exterminate them but one thing is for certain and that 's the fact three pashas were `` progressive '' . 
  also i never argued for or against sevres being the origin of hatred towards christians of any group . 
  i am just saying abdul hamid and three pashas are completely separate entities and three pashas were n't religiously motivated . 
  there is no arbitrary barrier here , there is a very clear and definitive distinction . 
  if you are curious you can read about young turks movement as a whole . 
  it is actually mostly based on wahhabism which is a late 18th and early 19th century ideology . 
  also quran has loads of parts that forgives murder if it is done for the `` right reasons '' . 
  i would n't blame islam in particular but muslims are often a terrible bunch . 
  i am not talking about terrorist organisations born out of strife and occupation but the ones that are in stable states or the ones that live in non-muslim countries . 
  jews were an ethno-religious minority and were not targeted at all because they did n't have any desire for independence . 
  three pashas were as secular as they come , their motivation was n't religious but liberal ( in the original sense of the word ) . 
  three , actually . 
  charles xii of sweden as well . 
  the first one to try it and have their top tier army ( best at the time ) devastated by winter and russian scorched earth tactics . 
  i appreciate the fatalistic approach of russians have to everything . 
  '' \u0130slam ho\u015fg\u00f6r\u00fc dinidir '' - average turkish muslim . 
  why ca n't british law enforcement handle the bantz ? 
  it is not loosely influenced , it is literally based on judaism and christianity with extra . 
  most of its basic rules are literally same as judaism and christianity . 
  it even has specifications of which other belief groups you can adhere to , you can eat food jews prepare for example since kosher and halal rules are same and you can guest christians if i remember correctly because they have similar rules on that . 
  islam considers moses and jesus as prophets too and in fact jesus is one of the most important prophets in islam , second only to muhammad , known as the messiah . 
  yes ? 
  islam and christianity are both derivations of judaism . 
  islam was even considered heresy because it considers jesus to be a prophet but not son of god . 
  islam was literally born as `` true submission to god '' , the same god of judaism and christianity , except muhammad said those were both corrupted by teachings of men and drifted away from word of god .
