  i think when muslims are cornered to live in their own echo chambers and feel alienated from an opposing force they just embrace the delusion even more . 
  a way to cause disillusion amongst the religious in my opinion is to show how unnecessary this delusion is to people and show what people do in the name of this same , unnecessary delusion . 
  yet if they are pushed back to their starting position from a passionate rhetoric as a result of islamic terrorism or despair in general , it halts this progress . 
  i do n't know how to fix this problem myself , people are complex creatures after all but one thing i noticed is they often do n't react well to scorn or contempt , especially if it targets their identity and even more so if their faith , religious people are also especially reactionary to change . 
  i already addressed this , see the third point . 
  you wo n't be helping any women if her husband is forcing her to wear burqa , she will likely end up spending majority of her time in the house instead . 
  so what to do ? 
  arrest the husband for domestic abuse instead of banning the clothing which is a symptom . 
  if you want to save women under such oppression and abuse , then you need to make women feel comfortable and safe enough to ask for a solution and trust that government will provide protection . 
  if you make them feel like unwelcome strangers that deserves contempt then they will feel not only as prisoners in their own lives but also in their country . 
  there are plenty of neo-nazis in and out of germany . 
  just they do not dare to show their faces as its not socially acceptable to be a neo-nazi . 
  if you recognise women who wear burqa as aiding the perpetrators and your aim is to completely get rid of burqa as a problem in and of itself due health or danger to women who do not wear it . 
  sure , i have nothing fundamentally against such view point even though i do not agree with where it is coming from myself . 
  i am just arguing against the opinion that it frees women who wear burqa from oppression or it will help those women integrate . 
  i agree . 
  i never said it is n't a symbol of oppression , in fact in my other long post i said if germans do not want to see the symbol , they are free to ban it . 
  i just disagreed it helps anything . 
  it definitely does not help the women . 
  you are again targeting the wrong people with such cautions . 
  the women in burqa are n't the ones doing the raping and them being banned from wearing it wo n't solve the problem of some muslim men seeing women who do not cover themselves up as free game . 
  banning of burqa is not a solution to problem of islamic or middle-eastern perceptions or cultural norms seeing western women with contempt at best . 
  it just bans the reflection of a problem , on people who might be as much victims of such views as those western women who are targeted by muslim men . 
  well , as far as i know nudity is not illegal in spain , no ? 
  i actually do n't live in a rural area , i live in city centre . 
  just that this place is not like istanbul which is cosmopolitan with all sorts of people . 
  i also did meet syrians , in fact a family of syrians live just across my building , they have two young daughters as well but i do n't think they wear even headscarf . 
  although i never paid attention to what they were wearing on their head before so might be wrong there . 
  i know of paradox of tolerance and i do not support being tolerant of the intolerant , if an imam for example is preaching for oppression of women or if a muslim husband is forcing his wife or children to cover up , those should n't be tolerated . 
  in western societies however , women are not forced to wear veils or any other sort of cover , which i approve of and which already solves the problem of oppression . 
  now that you are free to wear whatever you want , some women might cover themselves up , you are left with three main arguments . 
   1 ) she has been raised in an oppressive religious culture that demands this so she was brainwashed to it . 
  banning the outfit will not help her realise the culture she was brought up was being oppressive and she will instead be oppressed to obey the different standards of clothing of another culture , in her view . 
  maybe even if she were to realise the culture is oppressive later in life on her own through exposure to german culture , she might not now due considering german an oppressive element , people do not like being told what to wear . 
   2 ) what she considers modest clothing is a symbol of possession for men of her culture banning the outfit will not change the views of men in her culture and she will be left with the option of having to obey men of another culture instead . 
   3 ) she is being forced to wear said clothing by male relatives of her family banning the outfit will only make men now forbid going to places where other germans might be in to or interacting with german people that might help her get out of this oppression . 
  the problem itself must be tackled by changing the men in equation , not reducing her options . 
  so , i am sorry i do n't buy this liberating women aspect of the ban . 
  if you were to say germans does not consider this to be appropriate clothing for germany , i would perhaps concede that point and agree that germans are free to decide their own cultural norms . 
  just do n't pretend it 's anything else . 
  edit : wrong country, 
  oh , headscarves and hijab there is a lot of . 
  i 'd say my city is close to half . 
  i have just never seen burqa , ever , as in something covers face and only leaves eyes . 
  i have seen some women in black head to toe covers too but their face was completely open and it is a rare sight . 
  i would recommend visiting blacksea only for purposes of hiking if you like it , especially eastern blacksea but not a good place for social visit , nature is great , cities are boring and overall underdeveloped . 
  those might be tourists . 
  i have visited istanbul and have not seen many of them , they exist for sure but not in great amounts , even in more conservative neighbourhoods . 
   how is life on the black see coast ? 
  it 's alright if you like nature , people are conservative and often nationalistic however which i am not a big fan of . 
  i tend to spend my summers in other places . 
  i do not live in istanbul , i live in blacksea coast . 
  istanbul has all sorts of people so i do not doubt there are people who wear burqa or that black piece of bedsheet . 
  i doubt it is a common sight however . 
  this . 
  if anything the army banning such clothing probably helped stagnate the education of women from islamic backgrounds , after the ban was lifted the hijab became a symbol of identity , which people cling to even if they are n't a whole lot religious . 
  banning symbols does not stop the ideology behind it , you need to attack the ideology itself through education and interaction . 
  turkey probably had less people wearing hijab before ban than after it . 
  however if you want to be vindictive and just punish religious people , go ahead , it works that way . 
  it will be an inconvenience and probably limit religious people from going to spaces you deem inaccessible by religion . 
  literally never seen someone wearing burqa in my life . 
  i would want muslims in france to stop being muslims , i do n't think this will help . 
  spain keeping the historical tradition of doing best when rulers do n't intervene . 
  bosnia is older than both us and eu . 
  so when are you going to stop using `` ve '' or `` ki '' , since former is arabic and latter is persian . 
  stupid language purists . 
   law is a law . 
  what 's this even supposed to satirise ? 
  close to a quarter of turkey 's population lives in istanbul . 
  istanbul also is a net gain to turkey 's economy by a ridiculous degree . 
  fuck if i know . 
  i would speculate they slow it to control the speed of spread of information and reserve the first statement to themselves to give their own narrative . 
  i guessed an attack happened due the fact youtube , twitter and facebook slowed down suddenly . 
  i thank the almighty state protecting me from the woes of information . 
  there was a lot of cultural exchange between poland and ottomans back in the day . 
  it 's most obvious amongst nobility though and not the commoners . 
  also military . 
  i do n't see what 's evil about that castle . 
  it looks to me like a normal castle that overlooks an old village . 
  there are no laws declaring sex with minors above the age of twelve as legal . 
   these advertisements are false and stems from deliberate misrepresentation i think that 's the point , kind of . 
  considering the statements about turkey were also similarly false and were deliberate misrepresentation . 
  it 's a completely retarded statement for sure . 
  it 's not any less accurate than `` turkey allows rape of children under the age of 15 '' , however . 
  oh , i understand your point now and what you meant by `` democracy '' . 
  yes , i agree . 
   what happened in many other muslim countries , which are now in unstable situations , maybe we must realize that not every country in the world is ready to work under the concept of `` democracy '' we have in europe ? 
  that does n't mean a military coup into a military dictatorship is better . 
  people forgetting whenever they are in these sort of discussions than aside from things like peer pressure , cultural aspect and the such , smoking feels good and appreciating it can be an acquired taste like coffee . 
  aside from the whole deal it causes all sorts of cancer and will probably kill you off from cardiac arrest or heart attack long before that . 
  that 's brilliant i must say . 
  imagine a world without sin , how horrifying . 
  i am not even french and that stereotype triggers me because i like history . 
  [ that one is fairly old , i am not sure if it relates the current situation . 
  ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/teen-sex-case-puts-turkeys-judicial-system-in-spotlight/a-2750314 ), 
  french and danes would be more fitting but italy is ok too . 
  it was actually an 13 year old british girl . 
  age of consent in turkey is still 18 . 
  burqa is not mandated in iran , a lot of iranian women wear headscarves that show face and typically front of the hair . 
  meanwhile in turkey the hijab that completely obstructs hair is prefrerred amongst women , much less revealing , even though there is no law for it to be that way .
