  the point is that you can accurately describe a historical event with a current term . 
  so argument should be whether slaughter and sack of carthage by romans can be described as a genocide or not , instead of whether it 's correct to use term genocide to historical events before it became a term . 
  a descriptive term can not be `` anachronistic '' for being used retroactively . 
   well this is weird i personally remember some turkish scholars who denied any massacres happened fringe and irrelevant , official position is that armenians died but there was no intent of genocide and genocide as a term is newer than the events . 
  i am not defending that position by the way , i gave it as an example why it 's stupid to use that argument , you are not supposed to argue against it , if that was n't clear . 
  genocide is a term newer than armenian genocide . 
  turkish state often uses this argument , saying you can not call extermination of armenians a genocide because it was n't a legal term back then . 
  did you think armenian genocide denial was denial of exterminations ? 
  it 's not , it 's denial of genocidal intent and legal binding of term genocide . 
   let me guess , you 're one of those people that think columbus was an unconditionally evil , mass murdering genocidal maniac . 
  there are contemporary spaniards who thought as such and even after colombus . 
  among which there was charles v who was disgusted by the treatment of natives by the spaniards there and directly communicated with hernan cortes to tone it down and treat them as they would any subject of castile . 
  i think his point is that you can understand the social standard of history and thus judge it within context while also classifying it with modern terms . 
  to me it sounded exactly like what he was doing , he was trying to avoid selective judgement of historical groups from same time period , e.g vandals were terrible for sacking rome but romans were totally cool for sacking carthage . 
  it 's okay there are still those who remember carthage . 
  the city who was more prosperous and more populated than rome at the time of their rivalry . 
  it must be subtle in its luxuriousness , simple but well decorated and elegant . 
  that 's a lot of money just from jewellery . 
  trying to cheat taxes with death . 
  well istanbul has a population density of 2523 pop/km \u00b2 . 
  depends if you count it as europe or not , however . 
  it was mainly the spanish silver and gold that inflated ottoman treasure , suddenly there was a huge bubble and corrupt very quickly followed . 
  portuguese trade routes definitely did n't help but would n't be enough by itself if the impact was n't so sudden . 
  they did fine for almost a century after the portuguese were in india after all . 
  dutch were on friendly terms with ottomans , due necessity and they had no problem trading with them . 
  this viewpoint of ottoman and austria-hungarian collapse being `` inevitable '' due their multi-ethnic background is largely discredited by academia in recent times . 
  it 's mainly a post-ww1 assessment of why they were suddenly no more and is incredibly deterministic . 
  both of them were going through turbulent times and perhaps it could get worse but collapse was n't inevitable , in fact i 'd say very unlikely . 
  austria-hungary and ottomans were reforming and with no end in sight to the attempts . 
  akp and g\u00fclenists are both religious and use religion to further their goals . 
  we have `` siyah '' which means the colour black and `` kara '' which means dark . 
  zenci is from persian word meaning black . 
  some say that politically correct referral is siyahi but that 's so ridiculous because both of them mean black just from different roots . 
  i personally would n't refer to anyone by colour of their skin in interpersonal dialogue but if a general term `` zenci '' is pejorative so should be `` siyahi '' . 
  i feel like some english speakers directly translated `` zenci '' as `` negro '' thus decided it is offensive but i have never heard of it being used in a dehumanising way like `` negro '' has a history in americas . 
  of course if a black person would find it pejorative i would n't use it , it makes no difference for me and i am happy use the word they prefer , it just sounds a bit unnecessary adaptation of different standards to me . 
  well i suppose that 's a problem with western media itself . 
  because the region of middle-east has a long history which can portray a lot of different expressions . 
  currently however , i understand that you meant a backwards islamic country by your implication , i was n't challenging that , my question one was a rhetorical one meaning it could portray more . 
  what does it portray ? 
  they ca n't be hanged legally , even if capital punishment was to be passed today , they would have to change a law in constitution regarding criminal charges not being applicable to people who were prosecuted before the penalty was defined . 
  changing that law in constitution would also defeat one of the biggest arguments turkey has against armenian genocide , that is the events in ww1 took place before genocide was defined as a particular war crime by international community and can not be applied to situation of armenians . 
   just a comment . 
  middle east is a term coined after the armenian genocide . 
  no one knows how the world and labels would have been like had there been an important christian country in the region . 
  what ? 
  middle-east was coined before ww1 . 
   adil , a striking eight-year-old boy with dark skin and green eyes , had the second name `` zenci '' , a pejorative turkish word for `` black '' , roughly equivalent to `` negro '' . 
  i had no idea `` zenci '' is pejorative . 
  a bit ignorant perhaps , same as calling all europeans `` franks '' as ottomans formerly did , sure but pejorative ? 
  also there is a lot of ignorance bordering discrimination about africans as a whole , i have heard some ridiculous things said about africans , not with malice but with a unfounded confidence . 
  northern cyprus should be annexed by southern , no rotating presidency and only recognition of turkish speaking cypriots as a minority . 
  turkey should have never invaded or intervened with cyprus and it was only done as a point of populist politics by the politicians of the day to show that they still had power projection . 
  their location and navy is still of importance to nato . 
  they used to spend over 2 % during cold war era but i suppose currently they would n't be doubling their military spending , which is currently at 1 % . 
  sweden used to have a very prestigious military , especially air-force during cold war and could afford to stay neutral , nowadays they are n't what they used to be and a nato membership might be profitable to them . 
  you have a lot of faith in corporations . 
  i like the article , made me try to imagine my own in-group and out-group . 
  is gender your trigger word ? 
  even the caliphates such as abbasids and ottomans had their own laws separate from sharia . 
  sure , islam demands more interference with state than christianity but it did n't happen overnight with christianity either . 
  there were a lot of modernisation attempts in islamic world , primarily in egypt , tunisia and ottoman state . 
  that 's true but smoking increases the chances a lot that you 'll die of heart attack or cardiac arrest in your 50s . 
  most smokers die from heart attack or cardiac arrest . 
  sweden : `` i am became death , destroyer of germans . '', 
  it 's by development and other factors but it 's a central state . 
  there are some separatist sentiments in north but nothing as serious as catalan and it used to be just bunch of random kingdoms before napoleon took it and created the italian states . 
  why did it came to be spanish equals castilian ? 
  before spain was known as `` spain '' it was known as kingdoms of spain , it was always seen as a union between kingdoms . 
  i wonder if a similar thing would be happening in france today if not for louis xiv 's centralisation policies which were later solidified by the revolution . 
  i am not debating your opinion i am merely curious why the viewpoint is like this . 
   so why did n't end up like a more centralised country like france ? 
  probably because spaniards fought against joseph 's rule . 
  if french did n't alienate the spanish and joseph ruled in spain they would likely end up centralised like it happened in italy . 
  i do n't understand why catalans do n't consider themselves to be spanish , probably franco 's fault . 
   the collapse of the ottoman empire . 
  it was stagnant for 300 years , it is only a surprise that it did n't collapse with murad iv . 
   the renunciation of all non-turkish territory that was part of the ottoman empire and their cession to the allied administration . 
  so like any of the losing sides of ww1 , including germany and austria-hungary , yet you would n't make the same argument for them because you are operating on ideology not interest in history . 
   a `` secular republic '' to their image , easier to control by ... 
  they did n't want a secular republic , uk and france both wanted ottomans to stay as a dysfunctional caliphate because that 's easier to control , that 's literally what they signed in treaty of sevres . 
  the treaty of sevres was invalidated , so they did n't get what they want , which would be a turkish state in the vein of syria or iraq but even more divided . 
   imposing their banks to dictate the turkish economy as well as full access to its market . 
  what 's your argument here ? 
  what are you even arguing at this point aside that ottoman empire was weak in 19th century which is very well known , yet trying to suggest it should have stayed the way it is , for some reason . 
   before 1830 , there was a state religion in istanbul , islam and the ottoman empire had its way to administrate its territories , by terror and slavery mostly , it had its own way to govern and had its way to manage its economy and so on . 
  that 's forgetting the fact when ottoman empire was first found it worked on completely different principles . 
  it was n't until selim the grim that ottoman empire took its place as the caliphate and foremost power of islamic world . 
  in fact even after him suleiman tried to build an empire that worked in rule of law and meritocracy . 
  that 's why they did n't depend on sharia only but wrote their own laws . 
  not to mention greeks , armenians and jews often held high positions in bureaucracy and trade . 
  istanbul was more cosmopolitan and varied both in terms of culture and authority back in ottoman empire than it is now , which is largely homogeneous . 
  you also already started with an entirely false premise that ottoman empire was always static on how it ruled and whats its principles are , they changed a lot from war to war and sultan to sultan . 
  the suggestion that it should have stuck to old ways despite it not working anymore and why they became as vulnerable as they were even though once they were thought to be impossible to remove is also because they failed to adapt to changes and thought themselves better , a suggestion you are giving now , 300 years later after they already made that mistake and collapsed for it . 
  also ottomans did n't try to administrate with terror but balancing local governance with loyalty to state by appointing state loyal people to administration from governed areas . 
  the `` terror '' happened because they got corrupt and incapable . 
   one hundread years later all that was gone , the ottoman way or we could say the turkish way was gone , the european way took over most of it . 
  the `` ottoman way '' being what here , exactly ? 
  an outdated model of empire that belonged better to middle-ages ? 
  would you say the same about french state ?
