put pressure for what ? 
  turkey has like 3 million refugees , that 's more than all of europe combined together and turkey 's economy is much weaker than countries like germany and has less population than germany too and ongoing activity with terrorists groups . 
  that 's smart , wish ours did that too . 
  greeks have thrace , we have thrace , we both call it thrace , there are no problems . 
  fyromian identity was forged and now they are trying to claw out greek history to stabilize their claims , it is not logical and it should n't be allowed . 
  neo-ottomanism is too wide of a term . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with keeping good relations with our neighbours . 
  i disagree with direct , predatory interactions with them like we have done in syria . 
  i did n't call him good , i called him better . 
  i 'd rather have whole of akp gone but that does n't seem like it is going to be happening does it ? 
  i am fairly certain this country will keep electing akp as long as they can , so it is better a person who is on a different league than erdogan in terms of education and intelligence and a person that is way less corrupt be at power . 
  i know he has been behind the shift from europe towards our neighbours which i think was the right call . 
  i do n't think there was anything inherently wrong with that policy . 
  it 's the predatory involvement that is followed by erdogan after that policy was set that is the problem , such as our involvement in syria by supporting islamic rebels or supporting opposition in egypt . 
  these are all failures that came after erdogan 's own judgement not the `` neo-ottoman '' policy that was the earlier greater cooperation between turkey and its neighbours . 
  even if the involvement in syria is completely his fault , which i doubt , because the `` neo-ottoman '' policy does n't involve saudi arabia or qatar , even if it was his fault he is still better than erdogan on the virtue of being less corrupt , power hungry and manipulative , as well as being better educated and rational . 
   turkey into the syrian shithole definitely not . 
  davutoglu 's policy was keeping close ties with assad and that 's why earlier on erdogan and assad were close together until turkey and nato decided he is bad for business in the region , especially because of saudi arabia and qatar . 
  there is a lot of reasons why turkey was dragged into war in syria and is now stuck in there , davutoglu 's foreign policy is at the very best an indirect cause . 
   even if what you 've said were true , accepting the least bad one out of islamists got us in this shit in the first place . 
  if akp is going to be the government and at this rate it will be for a long time to come , it is better if davutoglu takes its lead and not erdogan . 
   davuto\u011flu is a shorter , dumber and less successful erdo\u011fan . 
  le tall man `` liderlik vasf\u0131 '' meme . 
  no , thanks . 
  davuto\u011flu is educated and capable , erdo\u011fan knows how to shittalk and manage corruption . 
  even amongst in the opposition this makes people think he is `` better '' . 
  no wonder there is zero democracy culture in turkey . 
  people do n't want an elected governmental public servant , they want a head of state figure with an image because that 's what they think is a `` good leader '' . 
  he makes dumb statements and a lot of mistakes in his speech and he is fairly conservative too . 
  he is far from dumb however , just not good at manipulation like erdogan is , which in my book is a good thing because prevents a cult of personality developing . 
  i like leaders that are good at policies and bad at public speech . 
  that is beneficial for a good democratic environment in my opinion because people are often more critical of policies and judge people based on policies instead of how good they can talk . 
  he is not behind neo-ottomanism , that 's more of erdogan 's thing which i believe is one of the reasons they are falling apart on . 
  he was behind the zero problem policy akp 's government had before the whole syria episode , which was one of the few things they did right . 
  also turkish commentators that hate akp often are blinded by the hate , just because they are from turkey does n't make them experts on topic . 
  especially since turkey is very polarized and opposing sides demonize and discredit each other all the time without consideration or closer examination to their actions just because it is * their * actions . 
  even when if actions themselves would likely be supported if it came from their * own * side . 
  i will still vote for chp ( centre-left ) and would prefer them in government but if akp is going to be the government it is better and less harmful both for us and the foreign policy if davutoglu is followed instead of erdogan . 
  unfortunately however at this rate erdogan will gain more power with a presidential system and we will be stuck with him , his corruption and power hunger as well as descending sanity for several more years while he has support of half the country because he is good at public speech . 
  i think even more importantly it challenges people 's perspective on their accepted values , such as freedom of speech as you mentioned but also common political ideologies , sensibilities and perceived virtues about killing and dying , as well as limit of objective observation and rational consideration about actions you dislike and disagree with or even feel passionate about . 
  davutoglu is definitely the lesser evil of the two . 
  not only because he is more educated , cultured and capable but because he has a weaker grip on the population as a whole and seems to not be as corrupt and power hungry as erdogan . 
  he was also behind the earlier successful foreign policy of turkey which fell apart after turkey 's direct involvement in syria . 
  because prussians called dibs on the whole `` german '' tag . 
  should n't have lost , i was rooting for you guys . 
  the fun part is it was a dutch pirate with a moroccan navy . 
  freezes for centuries then crashes too . 
  would n't recommend . 
  huh , i did n't know about this . 
  i knew \u015e\u00fckr\u00fc sara\u00e7o\u011flu was an asshole but not of this degree . 
   the tax was supposed to be paid by all citizens of turkey , but inordinately higher rates were imposed on the country 's non-muslim inhabitants , in an arbitrary and predatory way . 
  it is however not an official `` jizya '' tax but seems like nationalistic bullshit instead . 
  also was for 2 years much after the whole ww1 episode . 
  i did n't expect that . 
  it seems interesting . 
  turks have n't persecuted the kurds from the beginning , rather they have been persecuted in the middle . 
  nowadays i do n't think they are persecuted but situation could definitely be better , pkk is not helping it however . 
  it is very connected to culture . 
  just that it seems some people from europe forget history before last 50 years or so . 
  i would use '' [ country ] neden '' instead of `` neden [ country ] '' but results seem to be similar . 
  jizya was abolished in 19th century alongside of any other religious differences between millets . 
  who said he is immune to criticism because he stated that it is his view or belief ? 
  he simply stated his opinion and you are free to challenge it but you instead attacked on a pedantic classification of subjective consideration versus objective reality . 
  he presented his opinion , said that he does n't know after asked how does he , you then asserted he `` knew '' , which he never claimed to do in the first place . 
  yes , the nazis never saw it coming . 
   from the very first day the akp won its first elections in 2011 quality journalism . 
  she is right on the whole , however . 
  it is visa free access for 90 days . 
  not incredible at all , just the average tuesday . 
  lack of religion does n't need to lead to nihilism , rather nihilistic people are irreligious . 
  you do n't need religion to dictate morals , you only perceive it is needed because religion has been staple part of people 's lives for so long it seems inseparable which is simply not true . 
  humanistic ideals does n't need religion and tradition can be without religion as well . 
  see japan , never adhered to any abrahamic religion and they are a very respectful , stable and competitive society with specific gender roles without necessarily enforcing them . 
  corporations are n't happy they are bound by state laws in international agreements , want to be treated as autonomous entities internationally . 
  they also want to have less regulations in eu because apparently having regulations is bad for business . 
  they frame this under `` unfair competition '' , whatever that means . 
  basically not enough money in the world to satisfy some people 's lust for wealth . 
  / totally unbiased opinion, 
  so what you want is that government should n't allow them ? 
  he takes side not the article , which is objective and factual . 
  this is a surprise ? 
  most turks have nationalistic and conservative upbringings and they are faced with dangers of terrorism . 
  do n't expect them to have rational political beliefs . 
  he is right . 
  he has 20 million voters . 
  all state flags are political in nature . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mu7trfnbtrw another, 
  not to sound like a tinfoil but i think if there was n't so much money to be had in tobacco control and the quitting smoking products , i feel there would n't be even half the effort spent into making so many anti-smoking campaigns . 
  some to point of fearmongering . 
  at this point everyone knows smoking kills and has terrible side effects , why are they still trying ? 
  i do n't know if you intended the degree of irony but i find it funny the people you have mentioned both had their constitutions rewritten partly due us . 
  us backed coup in turkey and us invasion in afghanistan . 
  are you seriously unaware of conquest and hellenisation of anatolian civilisations ? 
  anatolia had its indigenous populations before greeks colonized and hellenized the area . 
  same here . 
  well , i was never a fierce nationalist but i was more nationalistic until i realized i have been taught to be nationalistic . 
  it was a relief to realize that and free myself of that influence . 
  yes , i agree living in a bad condition rather than dying early is the worst part of smoking but you ca n't really say their life will be better if smoking is what they want . 
  they are generally economic immigrants that are from more conservative parts of turkey , yes . 
  support for akp by turks in european countries is higher than turkey 's average .
