  conservatives might dislike cypriots at an extra level because they do n't see them as religious but this is not the reason why cypriots are disliked for the most part . 
  not only that your argument presents the distaste for cypriots as if it is a conflict of faith and based on irrational religious contempt when that 's not true . 
  if anything i have seen more nationalists and leftists dislike cypriots than conservatives . 
  although nationalism is a lot more common where i live . 
   they do dislike us more since they also see us as some people with greek and british mindset i have seen people that like greeks and dislike cypriots , a lot of reasons are present amongst people that dislike cypriots and that is one of the reasons why the sentiment is common in the political spectrum from left to right . 
  i personally like greeks as well but dislike cypriots , i never had a positive experience with any cypriot . 
   well , maybe because i 've lived in turkey for many years , maybe longer than you did , and i do know what they think of us since they say those to me and i 'm the one who is cypriot and can observe their thoughts against us so it is your words and personal experiences against mine . 
  where did you live in turkey and interacted with sort of people ? 
   i 'm surrounded by tons of social science academics , and really familiar with the turkish society on academic level as well great for you i am sure you are enjoying the mind reading and reality warping powers those granted you . 
  especially great since you seem to think opinions of clergy represent opinions of all turks that dislike cypriots , when there are many different reasons but the most common and shared one is the ungratefulness . 
   ok , thanks for sharing your great thoughts about you should let us all get slaughtered i did n't say you should have been let slaughtered , what part of your body are you using to read ? 
  i said the ones under danger should have been deported to turkey and the ones that were n't should have been left . 
   we do n't want to obey all the things that are for turkey 's profits and benefits i did n't talk about anything about cyprus ' policy , in fact i 'd personally would be more for more of an independent rule and they have a different constitution than we do . 
  this is more about cypriots acting like they are better and the reason turks on the whole dislike them . 
   and actually this is one of the things that cypriots are not that found of turkey 's rule , if you also add the scum that comes alongside with the gambling industry , turkish mafia , human trafficking , numerous brothels , the worst people from turkey that came for those stuff alongside with settler that any decent turkish person would hate more than us and so on . 
  yes nobody likes those people , especially since prostitution is legal here so it is even shadier , mostly criminals that open brothels and such in cyprus yet that would n't be such a problem if turkey never intervened in the area to create basically an colony overseas territory . 
  what a mistake . 
   hm , in contrary i 've met with hundreds of decent and good turkish people , but yeah , i also met with some prejudiced scum , and i assume i 'm still going to met with them around . 
  that 's funny , yes i am personally prejudiced against cypriots due past experiences but i have actually never seen a cypriot that is not prejudiced against turks either and it is more common to have that than other way around , in fact i started to dislike them on my own accord and never knew and heard any negative stereotypes about them before meeting them . 
  i have seen cypriots stereotype us more than greeks do as well and that 's an achievement . 
  it is the fact that cypriots seem so distant and different despite sharing same language and basically being a protectorate that is depended on turkey while riding this high horse claiming they would be better off without turkey that sparks most of the animosity . 
  i am not from a major city and i live one of the more conservative parts of turkey . 
  i never ever heard anyone dislike cypriots for not being proper muslims , those `` conservatives '' that would dislike cypriots for that reason probably dislike a good majority of turkey too . 
  if i have ever seen someone dislike cypriots , be it liberal , conservative or what else , it is always because they consider cypriots ungrateful and having their heads up their asses . 
  you are the typical example of a cypriot to me and exactly the kind of stereotypical cypriot people dislike . 
  the cypriots who think they know what turks think and what turkey is like better than we do . 
  if you ask me intervention in cyprus should have never happened in any case , not only was it illegal occupation but cypriots should have just been deported to turkey , rest left to whatever greek junta wanted to do , not worth the political hit nor the monetary drain it has been . 
  the only thing i know about cyprus is it is where rich families send their useless kids to loosely regulated private universities so they can have a diploma and where people go to gamble . 
  that and the fact i never met a cypriot that was n't obnoxious with holier-than-thou attitude and heads so far up their ass they could probably cross the sea underwater breathing from their own intestines . 
   even turkey appointed religious officials are declaring cyprus as a place that is with no fate and so on oh look clergy complaining about lack of faith , how different than how it is in turkey . 
   it 's the most popular insult just after `` we 're feeding you thankless lazy scum '' and `` greek lovers , wannabe brits , not real turks , bunch that are lack of turkish moral values and turkish consciousness '' yes that 's the general attitude and dislike for people . 
  not one based on religion and that 's what a lot of people think . 
  you are trying to pass this opinion as something with religious agenda or based on religious conservatism or maybe even religious backwardness when it has nothing to do with it . 
  more so than turkey being considered european it is more about people being tired of `` turkey not yurop lol '' comments . 
   i ca n't think of a single reason you would envy the spanish plenty of people envy the spanish and spain . 
  spain is an odd country everyone loves except the spanish and rest of hispanics . 
  it might be one of the reasons why spaniards are so likable however . 
  he is just shitposting , no agenda , no aim , just unadultered shitposting . 
   i remember being told they really love albanians . 
  not really , there are a lot of turks of albanian descent though so they are seen closer than most . 
  same with bosnians . 
  iranians are pretty much not disliked here and anyone who has any literature or cultural knowledge is aware they have contributed greatly to turkish culture . 
  they are to us what greeks were to rome culturally speaking . 
  arab admixture is fairly low in turkey and limited to pretty much only southeast . 
  turks are a mix of oghuz turks ( which themselves were a fairly mixed group including with iranians ) , anatolians , greeks and balkanites mainly with some other ethnicities thrown into the mix , mainly migrating groups from central asia , arabs and tatars . 
  spaniards did n't commit genocide in south america . 
  they did in mostly central american islands . 
  it is a whole different dynamic because it was n't state sponsored , in fact the spanish crown was generally against mistreatment of the natives , it was local governments , which were loosely connected and on paper answered to spanish crown while being de facto independent organizations under an umbrella spanish empire . 
  it is more of a fault of lack of a strong enough central authority to dictate what crown 's overseas territories did in their exploitations . 
  you can especially see what even otherwise brutal isabel thought about mistreatment of natives , or how charles v wanted occupying spanish forces to act , it is just soldiers and local rulers had different ideas in mind . 
  more than half said they have unfavourable opinions ? 
  how is that liking them ? 
  i do n't think electing the king was the inefficient part . 
  in the pages of history as one of the greatest generals of all times ? 
  yes , portugal does unfortunately get overshadowed by spain , which was sort of a big deal in europe until late 17th century or even perhaps 18th . 
  it is a shame really , portugal is unique and their early explorations are important but they spend next several centuries being the only kingdom left outside of rest of spain . 
   by insisting on calling the iberian peninsula `` spain '' people are dismissing portuguese history ... no , i am strictly referring to this chart 's historical context where spain likely have meant all kingdoms of iberia , including portugal instead of just castile , navarre and aragon which is what spain currently means . 
   and maybe a spot of civ5 . . :p portugal is already in civ5 , although with a leader that makes no sense . 
   well , tbh i never heard the word spain ( or spains ) in such a context . 
  when referring to the iberian peninsula people usually just call it that or at least `` iberia '' . 
  it is a fairly old thing and no longer in use so would make no sense to teach it and confuse people , however this chart probably comes from a time it was still used as such . 
  you can check maps from 15th all the way through 18th century referring to iberian peninsula as hispania ( roman name for iberia where word spain and espa\u00f1a derive from ) . 
  [ here is an example ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4b/mercator_1569_world_map_composite.jpg ) . 
  you did n't understand it . 
  portugal , as other kingdoms in iberian peninsula such as castile and aragon were all collectively referred as spain ( s ) . 
  it is after portugal 's divide that spain started to mean concurrent nation of spain , rather than whole of the peninsula . 
  i am fairly certain he meant that they hate islam but follow same beliefs as they do . 
  spain at the time likely meant whole of iberian peninsula and its kingdoms and not just concurrent nation of spain . 
  syphilis , cheating and warmongering . 
  i 'd blame both . 
  why do you bring faith into this ? 
  i have ever seen someone dislike cypriots based on `` not being muslim '' . 
  they are disliked for having their heads up their ass , like you do right now . 
  that 's not centre-left . 
  we already are allies . 
  quite bit of them are , evidently , considering half the country vote for him and his party . 
  i do n't know the degree of which they give into it but threats of terrorism and sevres syndrome is definitely effective . 
  he was and still is very similar to trump , yes . 
  especially after 2011 when akp 's foreign policy started to fall apart they started leaning towards a blame against `` foreign powers '' or `` enemies within '' to keep their voters , they also use pkk , kurds and syrians in their political aims to pull voters from people that do n't necessarily agree with akp 's policies but feel compelled to for stability . 
  that 's bullshit but i believe it . 
  yes , erdo\u011fan is n't dumb . 
  he knows that by trying to censor it he is bringing more attention to it , it literally would n't be known here otherwise . 
  i did n't hear of the video before erdogan demanded it was to be removed . 
  now he can prance around saying the foreign governments are against him and against turkey and his bloc will be even stronger because he will be seen as someone that is trying to keep the country together and made fun of for that and with claims like `` being brothers in religion with isis '' and bombing the whole nation of kurds . 
  before veil was an islamic or religious symbol ( such as nuns or orthodox christians ) , it was a cultural head wear and an accessory of fashion , like hats . 
  i do n't see what 's wrong with it as long as it is women 's own choice to wear it . 
  no , we need people stop going on about memes with things like liderlik vasf\u0131 . 
   which many are in the hands of the akp . 
  i did n't say anything for or against this . 
  i was simply talking about population density , the post i replied seemed to think eastern turkey is more densely populated and that 's not true at all so i cleared that out . 
   yellow = akp ( erdogan ) red = chp ( liberals ) purple = hdp thanks . 
  what are you on about ? 
  i was n't talking about votes or akp at all . 
  i do agree that period was one of the better ones if not best , however it was incredibly short and is an exception rather than the rule . 
  ecevit government as in 1999-2002 ? 
  no , it is not safe to say that as a general rule at all , because it is downright wrong . 
  journalists used to joke about how you were n't a real journalist in turkey if you did n't get jailed at once . 
  also people literally got tortured and killed by the army during 80s coup . 
  kurds could n't speak kurdish freely for starters . 
  turkey 's civic liberties are shit now and they were shit then .
