  this only prevents muslims in france becoming secular , because they do n't feel like they are part of the society they are in . 
  inside of naturally becoming atheists like rest of the french society over the course of generations like they would , they are stuck with their religion because they were forced to that corner . 
  sure  the reality in the vast majority of cases is between those two extremes , that is a series expectations and pressures which do not make the legal threshold for abuse but still restrict the freedom to choose of the woman in question . 
  if i am wrong , tell me why do you think women can only want to wear headscarf because they have been directly or indirectly forced to it ? 
  because it is not uncommon to come across women in turkey that say they feel more equal because of headscarf ban was lifted , as well as saying islam considers men and women equal . 
  alienating people over religion does n't make them want to be part of secular french culture . 
  they see it as a hostile , outside influence and never feel as part of the country they are in . 
  that 's why 3rd generation immigrants are generally the worst , because that 's exactly what they feel due alienation or perceived persecution . 
   you threw out an unclear sentence about ` hedonism ' in a debate that had nothing to do with it , be clearer and you wo n't be misunderstood . 
  hedonism as in pursuit of pleasure and self-indulgence in life . 
   and about 700 other things , plus they share that trait with plenty of others , but let 's move on . 
  those 700 other things are pretty irrelevant to topic at hand , headscarf is part of the self-constraint as well as modesty advised by abrahamic religions . 
   lucky that i did n't argue anything like that then . 
  except you have , you argued women only can wear headscarf because they have been indoctrinated to , because you consider it inconceivable otherwise , as it limits their personal freedoms , why would someone want to take such action ? 
  except there are plenty of acts openly forbidden in bible , the fact you do or do not follow those does n't change it . 
  that 's not what i said . 
  abrahamic religions , by rule , are about self-constraint , so arguing that they can not possibly want to believe because it limits their freedoms is absurd . 
  as if spirituality was ever about individual freedom or hedonism , a lot of muslim women genuinely share the belief system and wish to obey rules set by god , if anything , i came across more women that are defensive of their religion than men . 
  not only personally but on media too . 
  it appears they collided , there was no shooting . 
  i find your view of women condescending and extremely patronizing , so they can never form their own opinions on spirituality or religion , can only be forced to it by outside forces ? 
  have a poll about why women wearing headscarf want to wear one . 
  even if all of them are directly or indirectly forced to it , what will this ban solve ? 
  outside the workplaces , they will wear the headscarf , in their homes , they will be present to same culture , the only outcome here will be that they will say their rights are oppressed , they will be polarized and will likely be defensive about the religion , instead of helping them integrate to culture out of their free will , they feel they are forced to oblige by the regime . 
  this helps no one . 
  they have been dogfighting incidents for over 20 years now , from your link , it seems only one greek pilot shot down a turkish jet . 
  the others are unrelated accidents . 
  how is it oppressive to want to dress modestly or according to one 's religious code or even personal creed ? 
  you also said forced dress codes are oppression , is n't this part of it then ? 
  whatever you want to believe does n't change the fact most women wear headscarf because they want to according to their religious beliefs , not because they are forced to . 
  if they are being forced to wearing a headscarf by their relatives , that 's a problem of domestic abuse and should be handled accordingly . 
  this sort of petty bans only increase resistance , instead of letting the religious community feel accepted and ease into the secular , french lifestyle , it makes them defensive and cling to their own culture and community , living in or at least feel like they are living in an enclave . 
  turkey does n't shoot greek planes , greece does n't shoot turkish planes , it is an entirely different dynamic , between two different countries that have different understanding , rules and history , as well as current political situation . 
  mostly relating to aegean dispute but that 's another topic . 
  what do you hope to achieve with whataboutism ? 
  turkey did bad things so everyone else can or that turkey was wrong in the past so they can never be right again ? 
  this was n't the first time russia violated turkish airspace , they got warned , they had their jet escorted and they were told to not do it or their planes were going to be shot down , they did , and they got shot down . 
  i do n't follow their logic , then . 
  how is a ban on headscarf , religious reasons or not , part of equality ? 
  equality is banning petty clothing now ? 
  does n't sound like it . 
  if anything it paved to path to parties like akp getting elected because people think if chp was elected they would ban religion . 
  also you can note the polarization from your friends , the women who choose to wear headscarf has opposite view , saying lifting the ban ensured a measure of equality and applying it had a strong , negative effect on the life of all religious turkish women . 
  polarization never helped anyone . 
  this used to be the case here and let me tell you , it did n't help anything . 
  it just further increased polarization and wearing a headscarf become a political statement , it still is here even after the ban was lifted . 
  turkey changed its roe in 2012 after a jet got shot down for briefly entering syrian air space . 
  the government issued they were going to take action if anyone violated its airspace immediately . 
  despite this , turkey allowed russian jets to enter its airspace a lot of times and escorted a jet out as well . 
  does n't help the guard they did n't know if the plane was syrian or russian ( both use su-24s ), 
  i do n't think they should be arrested but those journalists are actually from an islamist branch of turkey . 
  why would you watch berserk when you can read it ? 
  if miura keeps releasing chapters that is . 
  kurufasulye is the name of a specific type of beans , yes . 
  germanosphere is generally preferred by more rural turks and perhaps students . 
  educated turks usually prefer anglosphere . 
  there are a lot of types of k\u00f6fte and kebaps but turks actually do n't eat much red meat , much less compared to europe . 
  legumes , rice and vegetables are eaten much more , so are pastries . 
  we also put hot sauce with butter and spices on it . 
  why would you want hillary to win ? 
  it 's the most fun event of 2016 . 
   as many land owners who were a part of that system were local converts of whatever area ottomans conquered . 
  it 's a mix of both , depending particularly where the land is . 
  northern greece for example would be heavily dominated by turks from anatolian beyliks , in particular karamans , because ottomans had two aims . 
  first , they wanted to lower the resistance in areas they conquered and were close to heartland , so they brought turks from anatolia to patron over local populations , secondly they wanted the beylik powers to not stay concentrated but be spread over rumelia and anatolia , so they did n't threaten the ottoman hegemony . 
  however in places like hungary it would be much more locally dominated , the further from istanbul you go the more converts you would find . 
  it 's a counter-balance , which ottomans employed fairly often , janissaries and spahis counter-balanced each other in this way as well in political aspect of military , with their rivalry . 
  that 's actually wrong because you are confusing two types of distinct military class in ottoman armies . 
  one is kapikulu spahi , other is timariots . 
  kapikulu were heavily armed and armoured , were the `` standing '' `` elite '' cavalry so to say , comparable more to cuirassiers of later european armies , their numbers were lower than the janissaries . 
  the other is provincial timariot cavalry , which were the fiefowner cavalries that made the majority of ottoman armies , they were much more lightly armoured and far more numerous , together these two were upwards of twice the number of janissaries . 
  janissaries were a smaller , more elite force , usually they made the core of ottomans and were in centre . 
  mostly supported by the cavalry on the flanks and meant to respond to enemy infantry , defend the centre and counter-attack after firing a volley while the spahi counter-charged or tried to flank . 
  the guy you responded is dumb also , thinking janissaries were n't important or if the janissaries spahis slaughtered in auspicious incident were anything close to ottoman armies during suleiman 's reign , long turkish war or great turkish war . 
  [ this is from osprey 's books , i can quote more sources if you like but ottomans documented the numbers very well and you can find it online fairly easily . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fynq4f2.png?1 ) again i do n't care about the ethnic aspect of this , because as you said many of the spahis also had mixed or convert ancestry , i hate retroactive nationalism of that sort . 
  it 's however a fairly known fact that ottomans mainly used cavalry , it 's also the reason why austrian armies developed the way did , more focus on defensive warfare against cavalry charges . 
  what ? 
  the spahis were always more numerous than janissaries . 
  most of ottoman military force was cavalry , upwards of 60 % . 
  i do n't even care about `` ethnic '' aspect of this , it 's very well documented that janissaries were comparably smaller in numbers . 
  we are on hungary 's national anthem , that one wins the contest . 
  i 'd say it sounds russian if we are talking about politics . 
  i heard people say turkish sounds like a lot of languages . 
  hungarian , russian , arabic , persian , japanese , french , swedish , korean , you name it . 
  it 's not an ethnic issue . 
  it 's a rural versus urban divide . 
  kurds suffered most from it because they were entirely disconnected from urban areas of turkey , completely isolated due the region 's geographic position and then heavily persecuted for it . 
  ignore ataturk 's reforms , not even tanzimat reforms reached some rural areas by the time ww1 was happening . 
  the ethnic conflict is something that sprouted from this divide , as well as nationalism pushed in republic period and specially after 80s coup . 
   peace loving , secular , feminist , vegan and gluten free freedom fighters this `` joke '' was never funny . 
  the majority in turkey do n't want an islamic theocracy . 
  the reaction would be asking whether the reaction would be same if it was instead a girl and an old man . 
  it was enver 's delusions of grandeur also . 
  three pashas went full blown evil villains after the coup , when before the coup young turks were mostly a faction of progressive liberals that mainly wanted to have have parliamentary constitutional monarchy and modernise the empire . 
  what 's with this country and coups anyway ? 
  when a corrupt and collapsing literal caliphate was more tolerant than they are , turkish nationalists should be asking themselves few questions . 
  i wanted them to be a kurdish party , a secular socialist kurdish party . 
  i wanted them to represent kurdish issues in the parliament and cooperate with chp to how to solve the problems hopefully in the parliament . 
  they got more seats than mhp in last election and had support from parts of turkish left .
