  they just turned out to be kurdish version of mhp , they are just flat out another provocative populist nationalists exactly mirroring mhp . 
  it 's such a shame , i did n't vote for them but i wanted them to be a factor in the parliament . 
  now all we have is this shitfest of kurdish mhp and turkish mhp indirectly helping akp and chp that 's divided internally and is cornered in a minefield of trying to avoid connections to g\u00fclen and pkk . 
  oh boy why did you have to remind me . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i think his own position is delusional and ultimately someone trying to reconcile his faith and beliefs , akin to enlightenment era platonism regarding christianity . 
  it 's actually quite common amongst some people who had deeply religious upbringing but also agree with modern viewpoints . 
  however , i do n't think it changes the validity of his observation regarding whether arab-speaking mosques are more conservative than turkish ones , which a lot of people seem to think that turkey-funded mosques are as radical if not more as saudi-funded mosques . 
  hanafi sect and salafi sect are fairly different . 
  from the article :  `` unfortunately it is true that a large majority of arabic-speaking mosques are more conservative than turkish mosques , '' said professor mouhannad khorchide , who heads the centre for islamic theology at muenster university . 
  that poses problems for integrating those who are less conservative . 
  while franco should be despised , i do n't at all understand the purpose of this whole incident . 
  out of all the wars you can use that for , i think french revolution is the least appropriate . 
  can you enlighten me on in what particular demographic this culture of rioting is most common ? 
  just curious , do they want a parliamentary monarchy ? 
  salafists are a small sect amongst muslims and interpretation of jurisprudence as well as degree of theology allowed changes drastically between different schools of thought . 
  i find austrian german to sound more appealing , then again i do n't speak german . 
  smokers actually do n't develop cancer that much more than non-smokers , usually because they die of cardiovascular diseases before they can get old enough to have cancer . 
  i should add while there is no smoking inside , if you want to sit outside , especially at caf\u00e9s majority of the people will be smoking . 
  so non-smokers that get disturbed by smoke will have to be often holed inside a caf\u00e9 which is not optimal in summers . 
  i just checked and he did n't say anything as such . 
  treaty of sevres was invalidated because of the war after it not because turkey changed governments . 
  i do n't think g\u00fclen is better than erdogan . 
  they are both corrupt powermongers but g\u00fclen wanted sharia on top of it . 
  he is just sabre rattling to prove turkey has enough power to call for such referendums , its for his voter base which love this type of russianesque power projection . 
  yes , we are all caricatures of our country 's stereotypes . 
  parts of ulster that were set by james . 
  also there was a mismatch of de jure claim and the de facto application of english union over ireland as well . 
  you also have the civil wars where for periods of time english controlled parts of ireland directly . 
  in any case united kingdom refers to united kingdom of great britain with joined england and scotland , ireland did n't join until a century later which then it took the name of united kingdom of great britain and ireland . 
  yes but kingdom of england owned parts of ireland . 
  it was officially united kingdom of great britain from 1707 with act of union . 
  what you are referring to is united kingdom of great britain and ireland which happened later on . 
  although i guess they could still use united kingdom of england and northern ireland and keep the name united kingdom . 
  `` united '' part of it comes from the act of union between england and scotland after they joined thrones in 1707 . 
  before that england was n't known as united kingdom , even though it included wales and parts of ireland . 
  it was known as kingdom of england . 
  wales is part of kingdom of england and northern ireland is n't a kingdom . 
  kingdom of england does n't sound bad anyhow . 
  there are so many words of french origin in english language you can make an argument for the opposite . 
  emotional , sentimental and visceral are all french borrowings . 
  so this is basically the way you want to perceive it . 
  quote from a very anti-turkish contemporary in 1600s : `` meanwhile he ( the turk ) wins ( converts ) by craft more than by force , and snatches away christ by fraud out of the hearts of men . 
  for the turk , it is true , at the present time compels no country by violence to apostatise ; but he uses other means whereby imperceptibly he roots out christianity . . ''  the idea that there were white ( or actually greek ) converts to islam is so politically incorrect you ca n't even think it without someone getting offended . 
  also this is very funny because many of them did convert in fact you can probably find turks in turkey who can trace their origins back to greece . 
  hell , both sides of my family are from current day greece with part bulgarian and even some georgian on top as well . 
  yes , probably . 
  ivan was n't any more terrible than catherine for example but catherine is the great so no one would complain . 
  it used to be much bigger , as far as i know the only ones that did n't ethnically cleanse at a larger scale are bosnians , albanians and northern greece which became independent later than the southern part . 
  yes , ottomans left a horrible legacy because for 300 years they were a corrupt , stagnant bloc sitting in the middle of eurasia . 
  so if you do n't know about the bias , then you should know that janissary and harem were statistically insignificant numbers . 
  most of the converts that make the diversity of turkey today are from greece and anatolia , with another significant part of converts that are just balkan villagers and some urban population , since devshirme children from balkans would be sent all over the empire and they did n't go back to be villagers in their hometown afterwards and they literally did n't exist during balkan wars . 
  after balkan wars most of the muslim population was ethnically cleansed and sent back to anatolia , a lot of which did n't even speak a single word of turkish and were just converts , not related to blood tax that ended 200 years ago and not related to devshirme which were n't even there anymore . 
  population of ottoman empire in 1600s is estimated to be 27 million , so yes it was quite insignificant number , not to mention janissaries were n't concentrated in a single area and were spread around mostly balkans and parts of north africa and they were n't even legally allowed to marry at the time or bear children . 
  it 's a statistically insignificant number . 
  virtually all of `` diversity '' of turkish population comes from converts unrelated to janissaries , which had their devshirme system abolished in 1600s and almost all of them killed in 1800s . 
  of course i understand where you are coming from , the legends of blood tax and janissaries are such a factor in balkan history classes , it 's no wonder that you would think literally half of turkey would be descendant from janissaries , who never were even significant number of the army , let alone the society . 
  you recognise the bias amongst `` muslim apologists '' maybe it 's time to recognise the bias in your own history classes ? 
  hell , in balkans all of the countries ' history classes contradict each other and are nationalist propaganda thorough and thorough , not so different in turkey of course but then again i do n't remember anything i learned in history classes . 
  istanbul had an over a million population , also when janissaries after 1700s were mainly muslims that got into it basically for the payroll and the prestige , as i said devshirme system ended mostly in 1600s with murad iv then got formally abolished in 1700s completely . 
  by 1800s it became hereditary amongst muslims . 
  stop moving goalposts , what you said about people being descendant of janissaries and the harem is not only wrong , it 's statistically and factually ridiculous . 
  i do n't want to get into a balkan shitflinging conversation about history of ottomans , acknowledge that much and let us end this here . 
  that is just medieval feudal politics . 
  are you going to say people under hre were n't german because they fought each other all the time ? 
   for stating obvious things that normans did n't consider themselves french . 
  so did n't bretons , gascons or occitans , national identities did n't exist yet and people 's identity was mostly their own immediate land not their kingdom . 
  yet no one denies those are french today , because they did n't happen to conquer england . 
  at the time of battle of hastings , the people who were most `` french '' after people from paris were normans , they were considerably more french than bretons , gascons and occitans , they actually spoke a language that was mutually intelligible with french , were of largely french stock after rollo , they swore fealty to the french king and they practised catholic faith . 
  it did n't leave any considerable mark because janissaries never were more than literally few thousand soldiers , one-hundred or so thousand at their height . 
  devshirme system also ended in 1600s , janissary system abolished and majority of them slaughtered in 1800s . 
  most of balkan turks are willing converts from balkans that were expelled after balkan wars , as well as other groups such as crimeans , circassians and assorted peoples from central asia that came to ottomans after russia started to dominate those parts , especially a lot of circassians . 
  also do n't worry balkan history has as many myths as turkish ones do . 
  all spawned after period of fiery nationalism post-1800s . 
  sensationalist songs made in 1800s about `` blood tax '' when it did n't exist for 200 years is n't the reality like how ottomans being tolerant fairies also is n't . 
  do you think whole of the country is descendant from janissaries who never numbered above thousands and sultan 's harem ? 
  most of the diversity comes from converts , which a lot of them are native anatolians and from balkans , especially after balkan wars lots of muslims came to turkey . 
  europe also has lived longer without belarus than with . 
  istanbul is not exceptionally liberal . 
  it 's more like a mini-turkey in and of itself that represents rest of turkey as well . 
  you have completely cosmopolitan parts and very conservative parts of it , sometimes five minutes of walk apart from each other . 
  when your mother and father are saying `` sa\u011fl\u0131k olsun '' to you after not being able to succeed in an exam , they are n't saying it in a negative manner but rather `` what happened happened look forward '' as to reassure you and not to scold you . 
  lehistan is old name of poland around here , actually . 
  turks are odd people , they will have what they consider to be high moral standards for their society while holding themselves to none of it . 
  `` sa\u011fl\u0131k olsun '' is n't exactly a negative resignation , it 's more in the tone of `` what happens happens '' . 
  it 's true though her expression was n't positive as the translation made it sound like , she sounded as if she would be frustrated with it for sure . 
  the translations gave me cancer . 
  europe was a phoenician woman , whose homeland is traditionally considered levant . 
  sure , i do n't think turkey is in europe . 
  i just do n't think `` it 's called asia minor '' is a good argument for it , because anatolia was named asia before rest of asia was named as such . 
  it 's actually other way around , anatolia was the region first referred as asia , later the name was extended to rest of the continent . 
  turkish culture is turco-persian tradition with strong elements from arabic , greek , armenian culture and minor elements from balkans and old anatolian cultures , latter being mostly indirectly from greek and armenian ones . 
  preemptive surrender jokes ? 
  first connection between france and ottomans goes back to battle of nicopolis in 1396 . 
  francis i and suleiman the magnificent struck an alliance in 1536 , you can look for it if you google franco-ottoman alliance . 
  it theoretically lasted until napoleon invaded egypt . 
  armenians used to be majority or the predominant population in most of the provinces that are majority kurdish today . 
  i would n't say particularly against the sultan as much as it was for parliamentary monarchy , mahmud ii exists after all . 
  who was a greater reformer . 
  it has nothing to do with being a shithole but being a nationalistic shithole in particular .
