  a or b - with each passing election the similarities between the two parties narrow further . 
  there are oligarchies in the upper echelons of us society , look at how the koch brothers buy elections , or how powerful families stay powerful ( the clintons , the bushes ? ), 
  there could be an ex-first lady , ex-secretary of state president next year , there could be a man whos father and brother were both presidents . 
  [ state voting areas are gerrymandered to no end ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gerrymandering_in_the_united_states ) so they are in all sorts of massively warped shapes that ensure either a republican or democrat victory . 
  there are laws passed in some states ( if i remember correctly ) that means that you have to win more than 60 % of the vote to be a politician unaffiliated with the republican or democrat party . 
  organisations and companies * buy * the support of politicians , this came about through a loophole that has now been * legitimised * into law . 
  how can you legitimately call the us a democracy when its a well known fact that the more money you have , the more you mean to the political institutes there ? 
   with rights to all of its citizens and dissenters edward snowden , chelsea manning etc etc , the rest of the us whistleblowers . 
  they dissented to unlawful activity of their government . 
  chelsea manning is now looking at 35years in prison , initially going up against the death penalty . 
  snowden is still wanted and lives in exile . 
  look at the treatment of black citizens in the us . 
  how is that equal ? 
  there is a point , that the us have well passed by now , where isolated incidents become countrywide issues . 
  on the treatment of gays , there are a number of us states with the same ` gay propaganda ' laws as those in russia . 
  you 're looking at the us through rose-tinted glasses , and at the same time looking at russia through shit-tinted glasses . 
  they are , one and the same - and certainly , if you 're going to call one more aggressive , it is most definitely the us . 
   because other nations are n't world superpowers why is it only superpowers that can be criticised ? 
   currently invading members of the international community . 
  sorry but is n't the us * currently * in syria , iraq , uganda , yemen and mali [ ? ], 
  - did n't they create the current situation in syria , libya and iraq ? 
  - did n't they kill hundreds of thousands of civilians in these campaigns ? 
  how comes you 're not criticising like , 90 % of the world then ? 
   it 's just history . 
  you can not erase 1000 + years of occupation by various bullies ( insert [ russians , ottomans , huns , austro hungarians ] ) in just 25 years of democracy . 
  you ca n't seriously be considering invasion by huns or ottomans or austro-hungarians now !, 
  russia as well , i doubt it - the only reason a war broke out in ukraine is because it wanted closer ties to the eu , and russia being the eu-skeptic it is , wanted a buffer zone . 
  you 're fine , good buddy !, 
  there is no encroaching war all along eastern europe , no matter how much the western media fear-monger about it . 
  history is not deemed to repeat itself, 
   it 's the luxury of never worrying about being invaded and subjugated that makes the american dream , a dream . 
  why is this a worry in romania ? 
  has anything happened to your country to give russia a reason to invade - or is it buying into media hype ? 
  also rabid racial segregation and hate crimes - but lets just gloss over that little piece of history . 
  you wish europe was like the us in the 50s ? 
  christ dude , you 've got some messed up political ideas . 
  one massive anti-russia gang bang . 
  feels like the us in the 50s in here . 
  good man yerself !, 
  i 'll actually be in canada fer a combined time of 23hrs in june , on me way to cuba . 
  but aye , that 's my plan !, 
  now , as a n.irelander , i 've * never * been close to even tolerating cameron - but * jesus * , he 's pushing his power a bit too much . 
  urge to get rid of this man rising . 
  i would vote people before profit , but they 're not running in my constituency - therefore , the only other party that operates with ideology similar to mine : sinn f\u00e9in . 
  making it illegal and stopping it are two different things . 
  there are americans fighting in ukraine , on both sides , there are spanish , greek , and a handful of other eu countries fighting on the side of the separatists in donetsk ... outlawing something and stopping something , theres a difference . 
  there 's a small segment in the first one where the drink driving one you mention is featured, 
  this is much more tasteful than my countries alternative . 
  [ n. irish anti-drink drive advert ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkpu4cd-ziu ) - here is a bonus one that is anti-speeding , and features a [ lovely little classroom of children ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yaeonuxdx8 ) . 
  fecking insane council coming up with this shit, 
  i 'm sorry , what point is your comment supposed to be making ? 
  rep. ireland is land in the british isles and is not ruled by the british . 
  so is the isle of man . 
  the british isles is just an outdated name and throwback to the days of full imperialism . 
  if you want an overview of it , read up on the [ ulster plantations ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plantation_of_ulster ) and subsequent subjugation of the irish . 
  as someone born n bread in n. ireland - our lovely benefits figures are the result of the gerrymandered region that has been in varying stages of conflict throughout time since its very inception . 
  we 're given 10bn/yr by the british government i do believe . 
  alas , the price of colonialism . 
  fuck that . 
  just another pawn for the us . 
  sounds like a nice life you lead , 
  as a guy from n. ireland : they know , :(, 
  it warms the cockles of my heart knowing that up here in the north , bunscoils are growing ( irish-language primary schools , where everything is taught in irish ) - and to a lesser degree so are gaelchol\u00e1istes ( irish-language secondary schools ) . 
  in fact there 's a few younger members of my extended family that speak irish better than english - they speak to me in broken english and near perfect ( as perfect as a young child can ) irish . 
  gives me hope for the future of the language . 
   4 million people please do n't forget those up north . 
  it 's like a little dagger in the chest every time we 're excluded because of the ( overall ) minority unionists in ireland . 
  we have access to tg4 and stuff too y' know . 
   you no longer have a foreign government trying to stop you speaking the language but a government of your own as a dude from northern ireland - we do have those trying to stop the growth of our language , in part . 
   this is just the last monolingual speaker * one of the last * - not the last, 
  ethnically we would identify as celtic or gaelic , i 'd say . 
  nationality is irish/welsh/manx / scottish/cornish etc. 
  so if you change that around the republicans will disappear and be replaced with unionists . 
  unionist paramilitaries already exist here . 
  they are weak though , they lack so many of the things that made republican paramilitaries strong . 
  republican paramilitaries had support from other paramilitary organisations in colombia , palestine , the basque country and more - they had state support from libya , indirect support from the us and its populace , allegations of support from north korea , close ties with cuba and south africa . 
  this support came in the form of weaponry ( libya government , basque , colombian and palestinian paramilitaries ) , funding ( us/us populace , libya , north korea ( allegedly ) ) , support for their cause was brought up in high places by south africa and cuba . 
  they also had support and sympathisers from all over the republic that helped smuggle in weaponry and bomb ingredients , helped with fund raising , helped logistically and helped in the fighting ** loyalist paramilitaries lack all of these things ** . 
  therefore , they pose no real threat . 
  they were armed when the armed conflict was ongoing - but if ni was to pass into the hands of the republic democratically , the british would n't arm them again . 
   absolute bullshit . 
  no statistic supports this concept dude , i live in the north . 
  i know how people work here . 
  people from a protestant background are inherently more unionist and have been brought up that way , where those of a republican political outlook are villified and seen as ira sympathisers , bad guys etc. 
  so it is significantly more difficult to convince them . 
  those of a catholic background are * usually * not brought up this way ( indeed they are the polar opposite , they see unionism the same way really ) . 
  they do n't hold the same beef with the ira and/or sf or republicanism , because by and large they have not done them harm in the past . 
  the british state forces had . 
  i 'm of a catholic background , and while i was n't raised this way i know dozens and dozens who were . 
  likewise here in belfast i know plenty of unionists who were brought up the way i said too . 
   especially seeing as a large amount of the growth in the catholic population is due to migration from eastern europe . 
  not really , over the past decade or so , sure , they 've had an impact - but the catholic population in the north has been growing ever since partition , long before polish or lithuanian folks had a strong showing here . 
  and thats due to natural demographic shifts , just like the protestant population in the republic has shrunk . 
   also the unionist crowd would start the troubles 2.0 . 
  they lack all key ingredients for widespread trouble . 
  * source of arms ( most arms came from british government sources '' * allegedly * '' ) . 
  * widespread support and the ability to gain the critical amount to achieve anything ( nobody from outside loyalist communities will be joining them ) . 
  * expertise needed to create significant sized bombs . 
  their most significant bombings , the dublin & monaghan bombings , were allegedly caried out with the help of security forces . 
  that support is now gone .
