the video seems to suggest him saying something like `` aah for fuck sake ! '', 
  when they all fall out . 
  body language certainly suggests it . 
  does n't look like he was being antagonistic , at least not as much as the guy armed with a bat or whatever it is, 
  helping themselves . 
  [ * and that 's why you * ** do n't ** * mess with the irish . 
   unless there 's actually some evidence of him being a terrorist us has admitted before they do n't actually have a case against him . 
   [ whatever the truth of the matter , in 2007 , after a lengthy inquiry , the us authorities admitted they did not have a case , and approved aamer 's release back to his home country ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/shortcuts/2014/dec/14/shaker-aamer-britains-last-guantanamo-bay-prisoner ) british government has actively been trying to get him back . 
  well , there seems to be little to zero repercussions for the police killings . 
   afaik almost everyone in gitmo was supposed to be released already but they ca n't because they can only be sent to two places : the country they are citizens of , or the country they were detained in . 
  the third option , releasing them in the usa , is politically impossible and will never happen . 
  afaik there is a british citizen ( i ca n't remember his name ) that britain wants returned home - he has been cleared for release , yet the us refuse to release him for some reason . 
  edit : his name is shaker aamer . 
   at least us does not murder its own citizens o rly ? 
  a hell of a lot of police killings there ... 
  ... for all the good that does them ... 
  i only discovered yesterday that ye 's do n't do potato farls and potato bread in the south . 
  it near gave me a heart attack - what 's wrong with ye 's ? 
   or how they listened to us ( british people via elected representatives ) over syria and not invading they 're bombing syria as we speak , so are the british . 
  but so much for the democratic vote , voting against it !, 
   that 's exactly what putin wants . 
  i do n't care what he wants - just because i do n't like the us does n't mean i like putin . 
  i 'm not listening to putin when i believe that , lol . 
  you should know you 're talking to a socialist here , it 's kind of to be expected i 'm not the biggest fan of the us . 
  once again , i am from northern ireland - a part of the uk . 
  i 'm not * for * being dependent on either the us or moscow . 
  stand up for our own interests , do n't be subservient to some other world power ... 
   so whenever he mentions `` europe 's independence from the us '' he actually means we should totally cosy up to him again . 
  i 'm pretty sure by saying `` independence from the us '' he means y' know , not just bending over for the us every time they want something from us . 
  we do anything they ask , even if its not in our own interests . 
   enjoy your internet and technological devices , low borrowing costs , total non-necessity to dedicate money to fighter jets and submarines and missile systems north of ireland is part of the uk - we 're currently spending # 100,000,000,000 on new trident nuclear submarines ... then y' know , # 61,800,000,000 / yr on military spending . 
  y' know what would have been cool ? 
  if we were n't dragged into iraq , afghanistan , libya , syria etc , as part of the us ' conquest of the middle east - not only would we not have spent billions and billions on bombing and murdering innocents in countries we will personally never visit , but todays biggest threats would not be in existence - isis ( who were initially , in part , armed by the us and benevolent allies ) - libya , syria , and iraq would * still * be functioning societies instead of collapsed dystopian hellholes . 
   modern trade in the volume it happens is possible . 
  i 'm pretty sure modern trade in the volume it happens , is due to manufacturing countries like china and india , where cripplingly low wages are allowed to be paid , and rather than raise that wage they would rather just put suicide nets outside windows . 
  god bless the good ol' usa for taking advantage of that quasi-slave labour !, 
   how is this in anyway related to being dependent on the usa ? 
  it shows how much of our sovereignty we 're willing to sacrifice in order to please uncle sam . 
   firstly the us is our ally and that is basically what allies do that alliance solely works in their favour . 
  what have they done for us since ww2 that has helped us ? 
  dragged us into iraq , libya , afghanistan , syria ... so nice of them ...  gchq did that too , so did the germans , where is your outrage against them ? 
  do n't the gchq share all data they glean with the yanks ? 
  i 'm as outraged at them as i am with the us - especially seeing as i 'm from the north of ireland , where they like to focus this type of stuff . 
  also , a little excerpt from that article you linked :  german chancellor angela merkel 's government has been embarrassed by reports that the country 's intelligence service was spying on france and the european commission ** for the us national security agency ( nsa ) . 
  ** again , the things we 're willing to do for the us - give them intel on bloody fellow eu countries ...  russia does do that for gods sake . 
  not mass surveillance via net/phone metadata etc. 
   three quarters of russias landmass are asian . 
  most of the population are in the european part though , are they not ? 
  at least many of the major cities . 
   and , even more important , the russian people do n't see themselves as part of europe . 
  is it any wonder , you come on / r/europe or ask the layman in europe what he thinks of russia ( ns ) and their opinion will most likely be negative . 
  only logical they would feel like a bit of a pariah . 
  dude , the us got the presidential plane of bolivia * grounded * while flying over the eu . 
  that 's why europe should tell us to go fuck now and again , it 's almost embarassing the amount of stuff we 'll do for them if they ask . 
  nsa spies on all of our leaders and we just shrug it off - imagine if it was russia that did that , there 'd be sanctions coming out the wazoo for putin . 
   if he means we should ignore his antics and roll over for him instead then no . 
  how could `` being more independent '' mean ignoring his hi-jinks ? 
  solidarity from belfast , ireland . 
  you guys invented democracy , now you need to help the rest of the world reclaim it . 
   you call it standing up for yourselfs , others would call it not paying the shit you owe and act smug about it . 
    they lent money from eu and others , ca n't pay back , what is the interest on the loans they got ? 
  remind me please . 
  what 's wrong with paying it back in smaller amounts over a longer period so they can still provide basic care for their citizens ? 
  it makes no difference . 
   the way the uk is going remind us how cameron has been a positive force for benefits and the nhs ? 
   you are presuming that the roi would want to take on the burden that is ni . 
  the vote would have to take place on both sides of the border . 
  generally support for that in the south though is there not ? 
  c'mon lads , ye would n't abandon us nordies ^ ^ ^ for ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ second ^ ^ ^ time ... [ wouldjas !? 
  ] ( https://helpeveryanimallive.files.wordpress.com/2015/03/puppy.jpg )  not to be insulting but you do n't sound to have too much of an educated opinion on exactly how complicated the process would be . 
  we 've went from british rule to irish rule once before , not complicated to repeat to process !, 
   certainly saying that investment in film and tv will turn the corner for ireland financially shows that . 
  i used that as the first example that came to mind that shows some investment here ( i study film and work in it , so understandable ) - i obviously do n't think its gon na close the # 10bn ~ deficit , c'mon , give me some credit like !, 
  our corporation tax is getting lowered it seems , so it may bring some dublin-style tech corps in , hopefully ... - we 'll see . 
   indeed , rather ironically , the biggest threat to your idealised version of the future is the eu . 
  the only reason ireland is doing as well as it is recovering from financial collapse is purely because of american multinationals in tech , finance and pharma locating their headquarters in the roi , primarily because of our low corporate tax rate . 
  the eu is actively going to start trying to force us to lose that . 
  indeed , although i 'm not sure those pushing it , france/germany , will manage to push it through - i can see a lot of complaint in smaller and far reaching eu countries complaining and kicking up dirt . 
  what reason is there to plant yourself on ireland for example , when you can plop yourself in germany and reap all the benefits plus the benefits of being in mainland europe ? 
  what kind of incentive is there to plop some investment in say ... bulgaria ? 
  i think that faces some tough challenges . 
   scotland does n't even really need to be a member of the eu because of its wealth . 
  c'mon now , scotland is by no means ` wealthy ' , especially if it was independent . 
  there 's thousands of food banks in place all over scotland even . 
  that being said , just because in this hypothetical vision , ni has left , does n't mean the uk is now broken up and scotland has left . 
   it really is laughable to suggest that the uk is n't going to exist any more . 
  i wo n't even bother to delve into why you seem to think that though . 
  i never said that whatsoever ... no idea where this idea has came from ? 
   lastly have a bit of respect for yourself , if you think your irish then say so . 
  no need to bring down your self esteem by referring to yourself as a `` dirty nordie '' . 
  dude , i was joking , lol . 
  it 's a common saying and not in the least bit offensive to me or any other nordie that ai n't an arsehole . 
  as a big lefty irishman , naw my brother - greece is kewl . 
  you guys have actually got the balls to stand up for yourselves now - thats something to be envious of !, 
  as a dirty nordie , i reckon we 'll have proper independence in 30 years or so . 
  tribal voting wo n't go away up here until independence comes , so 30 years will have a nationalist majority ( if the demographic shift continues the way its been going for the last 4-5 decades ) - that inevitably means a referendum , which means fears and hopes will be kicked up , and the odds are in our favour really . 
  the way the uk is going as well , benefits and the nhs etc wo n't exist ( in any meaningful form ) - so no real point in staying . 
  the souths economy will have recovered , hopefully our investment in film and tv etc will bring in a load of cash and tourism , and we wo n't be a * complete * drain of funds for ye 's down there . 
  that 's the opinion of an optimistic dirty nordie anyway . 
  the only ones in northern ireland who will proudly stand by england while england calls them irish , will no longer stand proudly by england * because * they were called irish .
