  source : irish block in ni . 
  as a reluctant n. irelander < * quietly cheers while hoping n. ireland fades away to nothingness * , 
  scotland has it 's own national history , it 's its own country - ni is on a different island - there 's also the fact that if you were to show the entirety of the uk for nis locations , it would be a pretty useless map . 
  ni is tiny , with many of the locations used here very close to each other , so you 'd get a blurr of dots that are hard to define and then a vast swathe of unused land in england and wales and indeed scotland too . 
   does n't change the fact that northern ireland is a part of the united kingdom . 
  it 's just inconsistent and odd to split the uk into subnational entities when they have n't done the same for any other country . 
  the other countries do n't exist of 3 different countries and 2/3s of a province of another island . 
  of which , only the 2/3s of the province and 1 country have actually helped produce got - as well as that , those places have their own organisations for film . 
  a lot of people here do n't like the fact that the north is part of the uk too , so by calling it by its name it 's avoiding any political bullshit ( which it has obviously failed in because look at where we are here ) . 
  as a dude from n.i , the issue of n. ireland / north of ireland is quite a contentious one - best call it n. ireland / north of ireland rather than anything else . 
  we 've almost scared them away on multiple occasions from our annual identity crisis riots . 
  all of the interior scenes are also shot in n. ireland, 
  the irish came up with the idea to use marijuana for medicinal purposes . 
  ^ you 're ^ welcome . 
   you were foolish enough to believe in the lies of the wealthy . 
  i was , was i ? 
  i did n't vote for any of the parties in charge in ireland . 
  my party is n't in government , and are strictly anti-austerity . 
  they 're in favour of a wealth tax , and taxing corporations properly . 
  i 'd be in favour of a unified tax rate , definitely , and a much higher corporation tax than the eu has at the moment - but i definitely see it as only being fair that disadvantaged , rural , small countries like ireland and/or luxembourg maintain a slight advantage in terms of tax rates , to retain competitiveness and keep at least a minuscule amount of attraction to any foreign investments that otherwise would n't be there . 
  it would also allow for the decentralisation of wealth within europe . 
  at the moment look at how worse eastern european countries are compared to the west ? 
  that 's not fair - and with a unified tax rate , those underdeveloped countries are at an even higher disadvantage , as they have no foreign investment hubs and there is little to no reason why any organisation would invest in place of such underdevelopment . 
  ireland , as an isolated island , needs some incentive to bring investment from large companies . 
  we 're not on the mainland , so not as easy to get to/from here , do n't have the same road connections to other super it/business hubs that mainland europe does . 
  we 've been screwed once by eu/imf imposing on us , do n't think its nice to do it yet again . 
   do you think the money the corporation gets goes to the irish ? 
  to deserving irish ? 
  it provides jobs for the irish ( which we desperately need ) , and tax money ( albeit far too little ) to the irish government . 
  better with them than without , i suppose . 
  this means more a more central economy for europe , money goes straight to those on the mainland pretty much . 
  screws ireland , * again * . 
   seriously though . 
  your main concern is fear-mongering by your media ; ours is being beaten to death like my grandpa . 
  hey listen , northern ireland has a kind of history of being subjugated too y' know , my uncle was shot and we have n't got an ounce of justice . 
  there 's literally zero reason why russia would invade . 
   go live in mother russia ... again , i said i would not live in either . 
  here 's one that is n't a strawman . 
  prison populations - whos at the top per capita ? 
   that 's because the values they at least say they stand for are ones that we , in the first world of western europe , find agreeable . 
  this is what i 'm protesting most of all - they * say * these are the values they stand for , but in fact the values they stand for are the ones dictated to them by the corporations that buys their favour . 
  and due to their influence over europe , this is why europe suffers . 
  i do not think russia is any more agreeable , but at least they are not as insidiously sweet toward us , when they only have corporations in mind . 
  when the us has some sort of quasi-leninist revolution , and those with all the money are n't the real ones in power anymore , and people come before profit - that 's when i 'll perhaps give the us some respect . 
   the lawful killings . 
  very free . 
  depends on who you are in the us . 
  be a black man and get stopped by cops constantly - reach into your car to get your id and risk getting shot and killed for it . 
  carry a gun ( as is your legal right ) , get shot for it . 
  does n't sound free to me . 
  quality of life , sure , russia is a developing nation after all . 
  freedoms , i 'm not so sure - but i would expect an american to believe that yeah . 
  [ apologies for the wiki article - but it handily has a number of sources for the amount of deaths ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/casualties_of_the_iraq_war ) - it also includes a classified us military document released by wikileaks that breaks military-related deaths into four categories - host nation , enemy , friendly and civilian . 
  66,081 deaths of civilians through military activity is the figure present there . 
   and your acting like saddam hussein was some bright democratic leader . 
  i am not . 
  what i am saying that it was a better society and well better off before the us invasion . 
   their life sucked before , sucks now . 
  it sucked * a lot less * back then than it does now . 
  for example , now you can be killed for the slightest transgressions due to isis controlling about half the country . 
  back then at least they had a half-functional police force instead of just straight up execution or decapitation . 
  i would n't live in either country . 
  they are one in the same/two sides of the same coin . 
  the only difference is that the us propaganda machine is effective in western europe , while russian propaganda is effective in s. america and to some degree , eastern europe ( lesser and lesser as time goes by though ) as well as some parts of asia . 
   the us has no troops in either syria or yemen . 
  it 's droning yemen - and it 's bombing areas in syria from within iraq if i 'm not mistaken , through aerial assaults . 
   it 's not the americans ' fault an insurgency sprang up after the invasion . 
  thousands of deaths * directly * by the us army . 
  i do n't need to link collateral damage , do i ? 
  [ here it is , anyway ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rxprfnu3g0 ) the us went there to change the regime and to help ` democracy grow ' - they certainly managed regime change . 
  it is most definitely their fault - they destroyed the system of governance there , crippled infrastructure including vital systems like policing/law enforcement , border control and intelligence , and installed a half-assed weak puppet government who did n't have a clue what they were doing . 
  [ iraq body count ] ( https://www.iraqbodycount.org/ ) documented civilian deaths from violence : 139,025 -- 157,521 these deaths , by and large , would not have happened if it were not for the us . 
  total deaths ( including combatants ) : 215,000 ~ est. 
   maduro might do in venezuela . 
  maduro is democratically elected - with high amounts of external observers observing the election process . 
   syria   combat supports . 
  the us is not in syria . 
  they shipped thousands of weapons to the opposition , and in turn armed thousands of members of isis who defected from ` moderate ' rebels . 
  is n't this ** exactly ** what russia has been doing ? 
  furthermore , they have been launching aerial assaults on isis positions within syria and iraq since 2014 . 
   iraq   air strikes against a cartoonishly evil enemy hell-bent on committing genocide . 
  what about the airstrikes on the functioning society under hussein ? 
  there are better ways of removing a dictator ( as the us knows with their operations in s. america ) than to straight up cripple infrastructure and destroy lives . 
  hundreds of thousands of deaths due to the us in iraq - a lot of that , innocent men women and children . 
  isis are only there because of what the us reduced iraq to . 
   uganda   lolwat v-22 ospreys , mc-130s , kc-135s and additional u.s. soldiers sent to uganda to search for joseph kony . 
   saudi arabia , not the us . 
  the us has refused to go into yemen in fact . 
  they 're droning in yemen , heavily . 
   mali   that 's france , helping the government there against islamists . 
  they had us back up in the shape of transport etc. 
   still , they did it to overthrow maniacal , genocidal dictators . 
  look at libya and iraq now , compare them to when they had saddam and gaddafi . 
  libya used to have free healthcare and free education , it was practically a socialist state that helped out african nations immensely . 
  now look , crumbling society filled with isis . 
  same as iraq . 
  i 'm not condoning us regime change , but they 're certaining in favour of the gentle touch when it comes to changing regimes in south america ( historically ) . 
   plus , the usa is a democracy through and through , with rights to all of its citizens and dissenters - not like russia . 
  * haaaaah !, 
  * first up , it is n't a democracy - you have a choice between giant douche and turd sandwich , thats a duopoly right there .
