  it 's pretty much the only option the police forces have to show their disapproval . 
  they are not allowed to go on strike for instance . 
  i dont think the actual numbers that support these parties are this high , its just that they show their discontent . 
  i ca n't speak for the police but i have relatives in the army . 
  most are moderates . 
  the general view is not that they work for the party , but for the king . 
  it doesnt matter wich party you vote for , but praise be to knugen the great . 
  they believe in freedom and equality for all , no exeption . 
  in their eyes they are doing good , but as the saying goes `` the road to hell is paved with good intentions '' . 
  i. granit . 
  if there ever were a zombie apocalypse as in walking dead it would be over everywhere in the developed world in one episode . 
  as far as i know the geneva convention and other rules of war does not include the undead . 
  hello once again incindiaries . 
  he kind of did though . 
  there are fewer exeptions than not . 
  9/11 1520 never forget . 
  it 's the stereotypical fantasy dwarf society made manifest . 
  overly fond of gold and riches ? 
  check . 
  impenetrable mountain fortresses ? 
  check . 
  an affinity for artillery ? 
  check . 
  islam och integration is pretty good . 
  i like most of uppdrag granskning to be honest , they always seem to go the extra step to stay as objective and emotionally neutral as possible . 
  groping is not a crime in germany . . ? 
  i can walk up to a woman , grab her tits and its , legally , perfectly fine ? 
  evidence for intent . 
  they spoke no other german as far as i understand it ? 
  it 's not like you can carry many conversations with `` i want to fuck , i will kill you '' . 
  been happening in sweden aswell . 
  the malm\u00f6 synagouge have bulletproof glass . 
  here 's a documentary about it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xp1w1v3-lgm i think i linked with eng subs , otherwise its the youtube subs and they are good in this one . 
  one would think those notes would count as some form of evidence but i guess not . 
  see how the cop gets the same cia agent in the face later on ? 
  gold right there . 
  nice to see a little humanity in all this . 
  sweden is doing the same and there 's no particular past to attone for . 
  it 's the consequence of far left liberalism , just as dictatorship can be a consequence of far right conservatism . 
  third wave feminist * are * phonies . 
  social cohesion is a topic the opposed have elected not to focus on , since speaking about it leads to be labeled a racist thus economics is the only non racist negative about the whole situation . 
  perhaps the day statistics and studies are no longer condemned racist the productive discussion can begin . 
  no sweden ? 
  i live in sk\u00e5ne so i got pretty close relationship to the danes , and all that danskj\u00e4vel messing around aside , you danes have a much healthier self preserving , culturally and economically , attitude towards immigration than we do . 
  i can not for the life of me understand why immigration should be the biggest issue and topic in our political debate . 
  accept what we can realisticly handle and that 's it . 
  no prejudice , no hate . 
  there 's way too much emotions in swedish politics right now , you can not run a country based on your own personal emotions , and you danes are way more down to earth with reality . 
  there 's a tremendous self importance , i am the best and superiority complex among the rulers of sweden . 
  they believe they are carrying on the traditions of politicians who have held the peace and prosperity for 200 years and created one of the best social protection equal welfare states in the world yet what they do are trying to embrace the entire world with this over a night and failing miserably , tearing down what the swedish people built over generations . 
  it is unacceptable and a fucking travesty , they got the game handled to them and they fucked it up . 
  someone else dribbled past the opposition and layed up a perfect wide open shot for goal and they set the ball on fire in the name of progress . 
  i am absolutley * appalled * . 
  we do n't import trash , we * export * it . 
  considering cell phones are illegal without a handsfree device i do n't see why smoking while driving should be legal at all . 
  they learned from the allies of ww2 after berlin fell . 
  the west paid to rebuild that part of europe because they couldnt themselves . 
  russia did sort of the same to grozny . 
  no i seem to have misread it , because our goal is far from taking in only the skilled . 
  what could a person from for instance somalia possibly bring to us ? 
  nothing against somalia per se but it 's not really a modern people . 
  no established education afaik , horrendous human rights views and what seems like a very casual attitude towards rape to put it mildly . 
  if you talk to swedes and they ca n't find flaws on sweden then do n't listen to anything they say about anything because they are oblivious . 
  i might read you wrong , but are you implying that sweden only lets in the highly skilled immigrants/refugees ? 
  another , albeit a far fetched one , kind could be simply standing aside and letting isis march right on through . 
  i 'll slap you with a falukorv you alcoholic pot smoking wan na be germans !, 
  do n't worry , there will be western suicide bombers at the entrances who will blow themselves up at first sight of islamic terrorists . 
  link ? 
  that was not my question . 
  and as a swede i am also aware of how many went there . 
  would you have left during talvisota ? 
  and it 's germans saying it . 
  really germany , you want to criticize others over how they handle this refugee crisis ? 
  of course they integrate well , they share a culture . 
  there are a couple of places in sweden aswell where they throw rocks on the firefighters . 
  afaik pretty much all of the times they started the fires themselves and then `` ambush '' the firefighters when they show up and pelt them with rocks . 
  i used to work with a former firefighter who got out of it because of this reason . 
  these days the firefighters do n't even drive to these places until the cops get there first . 
  irrationally pessimistic . 
  aswell as unnessesarily condescending , but if that 's what it takes for you to feel good about yourself . 
  i do not envy you . 
  why should i be scared ? 
  if it happens , wich it wont in my lifetime that i can guarantee , survivors will adapt . 
  if i am among them then that is it , if i die i 'm dead . 
  i 'm far more likley to die in traffic and i 'm not scared of that , no point in worrying about something with such a low chance of happening . 
  i think the likelihood of humans ever stopping wars is far greater than the possibility of nuclear annihalation . 
  not stop fighting necessarily but waging wars on a major destructive scale definetly . 
  and you are far too black and white , it is not either we stop waging wars or complete nuclear annihalation , there 's a tremendous amounts of options in between . 
  every war simply does not have a chance of escalating to nuclear weaponry . 
  every person have a finite chance of killing another during its lifetime , and yet the majority goes through it without killing someone . 
  you base your view on an assumption that mankind is selfdestructive when it is in fact so selfpreserving that it searches for new planets to continue its survival . 
  compare the amount of people who kill in their lives , through the entierty of human history , to the amount of people who simply lives their lives . 
  will nuclear weapons ever be used again , almost certainly . 
  will it lead to the end of the human world ? 
  almost certainly not . 
  how is it a certainty ? 
  we 've had the capabilites to destroy the world for over 50 years , and even during the cold war at moments when officials thought that shit hit the fan they waited it out * just in case * , and everytime it was a false flag in one way or another . 
  no one leading a nation with these capabilities wants it to happen , and as our killing power increases our wars are decreasing . 
  if anything the fact that when hate against eachother ( east vs west during cold war ) was at its highest we did not use these weapons leads us logically to a wonderful truth and that is that the world leaders do not wish the human race to evaporate over matters that in the end can be solved . 
  the only certain thing about humanity is it 's desire to survive and that will not happen if * anyone * launches a nuclear strike , and * everyone * knows it .
