italian ? 
  this is exciting . 
  the dam will then either hold for more than 2000 years or it will break next week . 
  it does if you take the time to think about it . 
  neither can they apparantly . 
  haha , suck it christ lovers !, 
  it 's not hard to know what they are cutting , even if it is classified . 
  just look at the services that starts performing worse . 
  he doesnt adhere to the scottish laws because he is muslim . 
  the only law is the islamic law . 
  thems fightin words !, 
  you are correct . 
  the area the danes came from included the southern part of what is today sweden , where i am from . 
  why ? 
  preserve parts yes , but why the entire culture ? 
  if i wanted to preserve my native culture i 'd be on a longboat heading for england to rape and pillage . 
  says a lot about the moderates in their religion . 
  wanting sharia is moderate in islam . 
  saying i love christians is radical . 
  simple as that . 
  * the winds of change are blowing , there 's excitement in the air *, 
  i was just 12 years old . 
  i didnt really know how to react , i was just taken aback and sort of stunned by it . 
  me and my friend just looked at eachother and were both like theres actually people who like this ? 
  and when i went to a mostly muslim students school a couple of years later shit like `` fuck america , kill the jews , death to israel '' were commonly held beliefs . 
  i went to school with immigrants from a swedish version of molenbeek . 
  bars on windows , personal id cards to get into the school , cameras covering every inch of hallways and one police patrol had `` lunch '' almost every week at the school . 
  i 'm not joking , it 's a 3rd world mindset in a western school . 
  the teachers have zero respect there . 
  i 've seen with my own eyes muslims cheer to the video of the second plane on 9/11 . 
  intro to omen from 2006 has the clip from 9/11 , i saw it in the theatres . 
  a crowd of 15-20 muslims stood up and started cheering and clapping in the theatre . 
  be sceptical sure , but to me it doesnt seem far fetched . 
  the harder the life the sweeter the song man , and you guys are all poor as shit so the songs got ta be real sweet !, 
  are there really enough black people in romania for all this chicken ? 
  i know for a fact that there 's atleast 30ish of them , all well equipped and impressively well coordinated and trained , there . 
  or atleast they were a couple of months ago . 
  there was a video on liveleak with some of their combat footage in a big city battle . 
  everyone had individual comms , they had suppressors , nice ak74s , what looked like well made uniforms in black , good hd cameras , and unlike most i 've seen from combat footage from isis they had very nice boots . 
  and they were proper coordinated , as in definetly either well trained or very experienced or both coordinated . 
  they spoke , according to reddit users in the comments , russian with a chechen accent . 
  estii can finally into ( sortof ) nordic . 
  is the guy on the right really korean ? 
  i ca n't go against that , i 'm white . 
  the fact that most mosques in sweden are funded my saudi is something that really concerns me . 
  except the jews . 
  when parts of the ruling elite doesnt think their country have a culture what you are saying is not seen as a problem . 
  as in say , sweden . 
  `` asylum seekers . '', 
  at any other point in history this would have been called an invasion . 
  as a fellow swede , have you ever been to these manifestations for/against the right wing ? 
  i 've been to a few in malm\u00f6 and g\u00f6teborg , the last one was the one where the police used the riot horses to ride down the demonstrators . 
  i 've gone as a neutral observer , i wish to hear what is said and i like to see politicaly motivated activity in person , such as demonstrations . 
  every time i 've been to one it has always been the leftists who start the violence , and raise tensions between parties and police . 
  i had friends in the leftists `` ranks '' during the horse spectacle in malm\u00f6 , and they honestly said , when i asked why they started shit , that is was mostly because it was `` thrilling to pick a fight with the cops , fight the man '' . 
  they dont even fight the nazis for fuck sake , they think they are oppressed and throw rocks at some fucking cop who 's literally only there because you are . 
  i stood only meters away when the horses rode them down and i honest to god just laughed . 
  political activism has become such a fucking joke in this country . 
  so some skinheads wants to walk down the street with a swedish flag , get over it , let them do it and then walk down the same fucking street for your own cause . 
  they are mocking everything the truly oppressed stood up for , fought for and died for , and the police is just trying to uphold * true fucking democracy by letting both sides hold demonstrations * !, 
  what the everliving fuck are you throwing rocks at them for !? 
  its not the states , * four * fucking people gets killed by the police , at the most , in sweden every year . 
  and they are your enemy ? 
  bah , its fucking disgraceful is what it is . 
  seriously i do n't understand how greece hasnt begun using lethal force against this tide of people flooding in . 
  if people who wanted to go to my neighbour started crashing through my apartment and wrecking shit on the way i 'd be pissed . 
  all hail the gib . 
  oh snap , worse burn than auschwitz . 
  i 've never heard that , but it sounds like it could have been used in the 80s-90s immigration waves . 
  seriously , there are too many people and too few toilets so they just walk down to the beach , squat down and shit , and walk away . 
  some guy linked to this video in a thread last night or so : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixjgy2vsct0, 
  i work with immigration service , at an asylum center or whatever we call them this week . 
  as for the under 40 i ca n't say with personal experience , but it is not far fetched . 
  among my coworkers , bosses and all support personell it is simply accepted that very very few of the `` kids '' we get are kids . 
  when they come to the country they are asked how old they are , they say they dont have papers and the official gives them a paper and says `` this is how old you are '' . 
  i 've had groups of 10 people where all were the same age and born on the same day , wich happened to be the one they came to sweden on . 
  grenades are so last year . 
  stolen rocket launchers is where it 's at these days , got ta keep up man . 
  just be careful if you are in india . 
  beach seems to mean `` vast open toilet '' in indian . 
  finland , no . 
  mrw i stumble upon this part of the thread : http://i.imgur.com/q0ktt94.jpg, 
  to us yes , but i can promise you not all can take it . 
  when i was in australia during late spring or so somedays it was around 20c warm and we 'd be in t-shirts and shorts . 
  many locals would look at us like we were really weird , because they were in jeans and sweaters , some even in what us swedes would call an autumn jacket . 
  cold weather is much harder to adapt to than warm weather . 
  this is the warmest winter we 've had in many years in sweden though , and the warmest year globally ( 2015 ) ever since we started measuring . 
  take a look at the nazi/far right manifestations etc in sweden . 
  9 out of 10 times they go violent is because the left counter manifestations start pelting them with rocks or some shit . 
  it 's a democracy you fuckups , even nazis are allowed to speak in public . 
  it 's like scandinavia but with better gun laws . 
  it 's done by examineing the teeth . 
  exactly with the translation . 
  it 's short , but the melody in wich its sung makes it longer and more powerfully emphasized . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8j8whuv_ch0 sung as it should be sung , by the throats of a thousand common men and women . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/du_gamla,_du_fria i 'm not a fan of the english translation on wiki , the formal words are too literal in its translation but it works . 
  `` perched atop memories of glorious olden days '' it 's a line from our national anthem . 
  what . . ? 
  i am far right how exactly ? 
  the refugees i 've had personal experience with , around 100 people , have had at the most ten months of schooling .
