  ten . 
  months . 
  and i am being told these people will be able to get good jobs here in sweden within two years . 
  i 've been to school for 14 years and i ca n't get a `` good '' job . 
  even sweden recognizes them as illegal migrants/economic migrants . 
  our current politicians anyway consider them as refugees with a right to come here since we are all citizens of the world . 
  that 's what our left thinks . 
  atleast you dont live here . 
  spineless politicians befouling a once good name . 
  yea i wouldnt be surprised if that was the case . 
  i know a guy in malm\u00f6 who sells weapons . 
  it is not cheap , and it 's all from eastern europe . 
  i do n't know how he gets them , but he is not smuggling them here himself . 
  i think it 's ha that gets them in through various contacts , but that 's just personal speculation . 
  15-30k skr for an ak , 5k for a tokarev . 
  then you have the hassle of ammunition , wich is also not cheap . 
  do n't have any numbers there . 
  i love that rifle . 
  looks so gorgeous . 
  did you guys live in a place where the ira were active ? 
  it feels good . 
  it feels like it does when my younger brother finally does something i do but better than me . 
  there is pride . 
  there is love . 
  keep on riding the ice mighty finns , and keep on drinking . 
  you 'll have to fuck up royally for it to counter the defense of the north during talvisota . 
  as someone born in the 90s i love watching these types of videos , and hearing my parents talk about the education they got in schools regarding these things . 
  people were legit prepared for a nuclear war , and that is a very foreign concept to me and i think most people born in the late 80s and onwards . 
  few people are saying brown people are actually evil . 
  most are saying that because the brown people follow a religion that is not compatible with western standards there will be problems . 
  because of * many * factors . 
  loosing battles was not one of them . 
  the us didnt loose a single major battle in vietnam . 
  some are . 
  where i am there is a very reserved , sometimes hostile atmosphere from half of the guys . 
  it doesnt take long to notice wich ones wants to be apart of sweden and wich ones just want as much shit as they can get . 
  a minority doesnt even greet my female coworkers , when spoken to by them they look either to the side or past them over the shoulder . 
  by censoring these incidents the current rulers have already chosen . 
  the police say they can not handle the violence at refugee facilites . 
  i work at a refugee facility . 
  i now go to work armed with a small axe and pepper sprey . 
  i will not become like this girl . 
  so any swedes here that are actually shocked ? 
  i for one was shocked that it took so long for it to happen . 
  and it means crooked nose !, 
  200k a year to all of europe seems a lot more feasable than over 1 million to one european country . 
  being sent back to turkey does not mean death . 
  and now here i sit , no basement for me to be abducted to . 
  ah yes i remember when that soldier did that calling out . 
  this fucking country man . 
  nowhere in that article does it mention terrorists etc. 
  before or after they were given a country ? 
  all european countries with a massive influx of muslim immigrants see a rise in anti-semitism . 
  and for the extreme left the jews are no longer the hot potato to defend , today it 's muslims . 
  and as we can clearly see the left are prone to censor reality , or actively hide it . 
  thus the jews have no protection and are left on their own . 
  and i agree , it is embarrassing . 
  now this i agree with . 
  even the swedish defense knew during the cold war that if we were invaded we would loose , the defense existed to make that victory as costly as possible on the soviets . 
  and yes i agree that europe without us intervention/military aid would look vastly different , most likley on the negative side . 
  however the unrest i spoke of that , probably with the best intentions , the us have created is mostly in the latin american world , parts of africa and the middle east . 
  granted i think that had it not been the us meddling there but say soviet things would look a lot worse . 
  and do n't get me wrong i am personally grateful for the tremedous amount of money the us spend on it 's military because it means that sweden , as a nation with friendly ties to the states , can spend 1 % of it 's budget on the military and instead focus on things as social protection and welfare . 
  this would be impossible without the us military . 
  i have relatives who 've fought with the us forces in afghanistan , we are as a nation overall very us friendly . 
  but we are also swedes and swedes love to criticize , not only our friends but ourselves aswell . 
  highly doubt it . 
  you are vastly overrating the us intervention in europe during ww2 . 
  outside the battle of britain the us aid came when the fall of nazi germany was already inevtiable . 
  you shortened the war in europe , you did not change it . 
  whats relevant about it ? 
  if you are gon na call me a nazi for it you are not the first today and you will not be the only one wrong for it today . 
  the people i talk about from my generation in sweden , born in late 80s-early 90s , are on that side aswell . 
  leave this union that is no more than a relic of a war torn continent . 
  the soviets are clearly not nuking anyone soon and neither are the states . 
  no give me a modernised kalmarunion with the other northeners any day over this shite . 
  holy shit what is so hard to understand ? 
  `` no the answer is none '' is an answer to your `` how many dictators has sweden put out of buisness '' . 
  the no referring to me not being afraid to admit what country i am from , wich i would say is pretty clear considering my flair . 
  first part of my previous answer to your question . 
  no i am not `` afraid '' to answer your question , the answer is none . 
  * everyone * did a poor job fighting the nazis for the first years . 
  no the answer is none . 
  what democracies have you created ? 
  all the removals of dictators you 've done has really stabilised those parts of the world , yes ? 
  how many democracies has the us put out of buisness ? 
  that is because it is not a discussion , it is an internet argument that will not impact anything what so ever and as such merits very little effort . 
  so you get to fuck an irishman with a friend ? 
  also the largest single country contributor to world wide unrest . 
  what you are saying is essentially that they are paying for the hospital bill of someone they put in the hospital . 
  when i conquered your mom last night . 
  not only a noweigan god now was it . 
  swedish nationalist group , named in english after an old norse god . 
  yes ? 
  i 'm pretty sure none of us here started that whole mess . 
  oh yes , they are hypocritical , naive and blind to facts and statistics . 
  still * they * think they are in the right . 
  in all fairness young women have been told this for as long as i can remember . 
  have incidents gone up ? 
  yes , but these warnings to women are not new .
