  it 's just that now , people are seeing the true extent of the rot for the first time in decades . 
  all the points you make are sensible . 
  especially this one :  how about sentencing them to never being able to hold public office or working for any level of the government ever again ? 
  but while i agree , you have to understand that this has a very low chance of passing here . 
  not with the current parliamentary majority we have now . 
  an that is because in romania , half of the population is still very much wedded to a `` conservative '' ( for the lack of a less harsh term ) political modus operandi . 
  that means viewing the political clique more or less like a feudal monarchy - once a party ( or a majority ) is in power , they must be given absolute ruling over state institutions . 
  they have to be able to change everything , with no regard to the rule of law , and with no intervention from the opposition . 
  until we change that mentality , the only way to make sure we keep the democratic institutions intact is , sadly , by the threat of the stick . 
  i also hope that this will force the psd to get their act together and clean their ranks a bit . 
   no , he 's been destroying it by providing no opposition whatsoever . 
  that is what i meant by being vague . 
  pity how this whole deal polarized politics over there . 
  a very right wing government and the main opposition party being held hostage by a leader pretty hard to the left . 
  no place for centrism at the moment , outside of the lib dems who are still too small to make a difference . 
  would n't you say he 's destroying it by adopting such a vague stance on brexit ? 
   no it 's not . 
  if you offer people opportunities , they 'll take it . 
  yes , it is . 
  and as long as the legal system is efficient ( one can argue what that means ) , it will not increase the number of people that go to prison . 
  and by it being efficient i mean that it first discourages most people from committing offenses in the first place , and it reforms those it does n't manage to deter . 
  you can do that with large sentences for the worst offenders , as long as the conditions they are detained in are humane . 
   you assume that sending people to jail is an easy process , always fair and always obvious , always consistent . 
  it 's not . 
  where did i assume that ? 
  proving that someone is guilty ( as opposed to `` sending people to jail '' ) , is a tedious and complex process . 
  that is why the law needs to be clear ; to avert the risk of it being interpreted for someone 's benefit . 
  there have been many people who got off on mere technicalities . 
   also for people who present little to no danger to society . 
  what do you mean by `` people who present little to no danger to society '' ? 
  it 's a pretty vague designation . 
  in my view , people guilty of corruption are a danger to society . 
  at least in romania 's context , where years of rampant mismanagement indirectly led to people 's deaths . 
  be it because of safety standards not being respected , or the appalling conditions in some public hospitals . 
  edit : grammar, 
  i suspect we have n't built any since the 80s . 
  so yeah , some reform in that department is really needed . 
  le : in addition , i would like to make the argument that our penal code and theirs are different , and that might also account for the difference in numbers . 
  matter of fact , it 's just a supposition - i 'll have to look up what the differences are . 
  induced demand is created in the interest of propping up supply chains for their profit . 
  it is a commercial construct . 
  weeding out crime is n't . 
  it is neither a product , nor a service . 
  i doubt that if there 'll be more prisons , judges will be inclined to send more people to jail , just to fill in the vacancies . 
   how about letting people serve their sentence at home , electronic bracelets etc. 
  that 'll work for minor offenses . 
  we still have to increase our detention center capacity ( which i presume we have n't done since the days of communism ) to deal with the overcrowding issue . 
  any type of amnesty laws are really hard to sell in the current political climate . 
   the govt abused this law , but an amnesty law in some form or shape to relieve prisons needs to be implemented . 
  if it will , you bet your titties it will be abused . 
  how about building new ones , with decent standards ? 
  or better yet , converting old military garrisons into detention centers , like someone from the opposition proposed ? 
  that sorry excuse of a party was always absolutely catastrophic at spending public money . 
  we 're growing economically , why not invest all those money in sectors that really need it ? 
   the great recession was the economic downturn , you insert isolationism between , that is tenuous . 
  but isolationism did happen in between . 
  and it was what aggravated things ; the final nail in the coffin . 
  should there have been more cooperation in between the wars ( like there was after wwii ) , maybe conflict could have been avoided . 
  i get your argument , but i still stand by mine . 
  and i really hope that i 'm proven wrong . 
  yes . 
  iirc , they started construction in 2011 . 
  and now they 're saying they 'll finish it towards the end of 2018 . 
  come to think of it , it might have been an unrealistically optimistic estimation by the company who won the contract . 
  you know , so that faster execution could be used by the government as an excuse for giving the contract to a company that was more expensive and had less expertise that its competitors . 
  but at least it was run by the right people * wink wink * . 
  nb : do n't actually know if that 's actually the case , but it used to be common practice back then . 
   6 months later , still no earlier start date . 
  do n't worry , it could always be worse . 
  we have a tube line in the works which is 3 years late from the initial deadline , and they just prolonged it with an extra year . 
  do n't know how it is over there , but i bet you guys move faster than our lethargic government when it comes to infra . 
  how are the links tenuous ? 
  it all started with a great recession , it continued with isolationism which caused economic downturn , and that stroke the fires of populism . 
  then it turned into all-out aggression . 
  of course i was oversimplifying it a bit . 
  my intention was not to describe the causes of the war in a reddit comment . 
  populism was only used in germany to castigate all sorts of enemies that were supposedly the cause of the post wwi state of the country . 
  that culminated with two referendums that installed an autocracy . 
  japan and the ussr 's mounting aggression were expansionist at the core . 
  the point i wanted to make is that it all started with a chain of events that bears ghastly similarity with the path towards which we 're heading today . 
  good for them . 
  they are the country most at risk from brexit , so they should capitalize on it as much as they can . 
  then you must be barely containing your excitement at the prospect of the ids courts that will be mandatory in an fta with the us . 
  or the many compromises you 'd have to make on freedom of movement if you want to secure deals with other countries - like the recent trips to india of your officials have shown . 
  there has always been a faction of the tories that wanted a piece of the economic model touted by the us and saw the eec/eu as contradictory to that . 
  there have been labour sceptics as well , but their main goal was enshrining some of the workers ' and unions rights they had in their manifestos in european law , so the tories could n't reverse them . 
  they had an agreement with delors on that and since then , the tories were the only ones that were openly eurosceptic . 
  until corbyn came along , at least . 
   sorry to break it to you , but it 's quite clear to most people it wo n't just be a switch of political unions . 
  sorry to break it to you , but that is most likely what you 'll end up getting in the long run . 
  the usa has seen a lot of deregulation with the adoption of nafta in the 80s . 
  but they were n't conceding sovereignty to other states , they were conceding it to the financial sector within their own country . 
  a country that has now merely become an extension of private interest ; a huge institutionalized private enterprise . 
  the government has very little power in actually taking decisions that benefit the people if those decisions do n't pass through the proper approval filters of private lobbyists . 
  over here , we at least have a chance to regulate in the public interest . 
  in the us the problem is much more endemic . 
  but yeah , at least they 've got their country back from `` the establishment '' . 
  what i 'm getting at is that it was excessive acts of economic isolationism at first that made the powers at the time increasingly belligerent , and by extension , expansionist . 
  like what ? 
  the death penalty ?
