  are you serious ? 
  it was economic isolationism all the way . 
  let me refresh your memory : - [ exhibit a ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-irish_trade_war ) - [ exhibit b ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/smoot%e2%80%93hawley_tariff_act ) these are just two examples - there are many more . 
  and they escalated into full blown war . 
  you are blind if you refuse to see the similarities . 
  no , it does not . 
  all the talk about losing sovereignty is a shallow , meaningless rhetoric . 
  no country on earth is sovereign . 
  if you want trade , you have to give ground and concede external access and regulatory control to your domestic sectors and therefore , lawmaking . 
  what the eurosceptics are proposing is not `` change '' . 
  it is concordance , but with different allegiances . 
  the conservative right in britain do n't like the social democratic model of the continent and want to switch that with a more deregulated system where the state does not intervene and most public services are delegated to private entities . 
  but the sovereignty trade-offs will be the same . 
  britain being an `` independent , global country '' is a red herring . 
  it will just be a switch of political unions . 
  which is kind of ironic , when you think that most people who voted for leaving the eu did that because of mostly leftist reasons - more funding for the public health system , more public spending on infrastructure , housing and so on . 
   the rise of right wing popularism worries me greatly , because they are supporting a `` every country on its own '' policy that can not work in the future . 
  it is just playing on emotions and old nationalist memories . 
  i just do n't get how people seem to completely ignore the lessons of history . 
  last time it was rampant , isolationism brought great horrors onto the world . 
  i hope that we wo n't have to experience that first hand again to finally learn our lesson . 
  i think in the end , it will have the exact opposite effect . 
  you know the old saying - you do n't know what you have until you lose it . 
  even if political opposition seems to be almost nonexistent right now , the level of attention the eu has gotten among ordinary people in britain has increased tenfold . 
  more and more people are starting to realize what were the advantages and what are the true alternatives to staying . 
  this is the beginning of the end of scapegoating the eu for everything . 
  public opinion will eventually shift and become more favorable towards europe , as the realities of being outside start to sink in . 
  that may well happen 10 or 20 years down the line , but i 'm sure it will . 
  yes , i 've read the rest of the paragraph . 
  and of course the sceptics would say that , would n't they ? 
  what he got is a sensible arrangement . 
  a way to block commission legislative proposals at the national parliament level if a quota was met . 
  the uk could 've actually handled that limit - there are plenty of countries that would be willing to ally themselves with the uk , if , and this is the important part , the uk made compromises elsewhere . 
  what the british most likely wanted was a way to force any initiative to pass only with a unanimous vote from national parliaments . 
  not only would that grind the whole process to a halt , but it would allow the uk to hold the union for ransom with veto threats . 
  which it has been doing for the past 20 years or so . 
  yes , and the same article says that he secured that concession :  if 55 % of national parliaments agree , they could effectively block or veto a commission proposal . 
  separation between the executive and the legislative clearly is the biggest problem in eu 's governing model right now . 
  the parliament simply needs to become a true legislative body in order to do away with criticism about a democratic deficit . 
  but implying that the british left because of their diminished influence ( when almost all of eastern europe was in their boat ) is ludicrous . 
  what ? 
  that was mostly european countries being part of us led coalitions , fighting in wars that were started by american interventionism . 
  absolutely disastrous interventionism , i might add . 
   the fundamental problem with the eu , as it stands now is that power is bottom-up , with the individual member states granting power to the union , and that is its weakness . 
  the eu is not a sovereign nation . 
  it does not have power in all aspects of its members affairs . 
  i 'm by no means arguing for members ceding power to the union but europe must realise that it is stronger together , when all its members work together towards a common good . 
  yes , i agree that is the biggest stumbling block towards more integration . 
  but i do n't think that the change should be institutional ( i.e. 
  giving the eu level institution more power ) - it needs to happen with the states ; we need commitment from governments that they are willing to help europe come together . 
  when everyone agrees to this ( which is rapidly starting to be the case ) , we can think of a governing framework that will work and hopefully also retain the principle of subsidiarity intact . 
  i would 've liked to keep it too . 
  but the thing is , in the current state of world affairs we 're now faced with a tough ( some might even argue existential ) choice : either we go all-in or we go all-out . 
  and some people think that going all-in is the only way that our standards are going to survive . 
  and i think they 're right . 
  no matter how distinctive europe 's cultures are , there has always been an underlying similarity that has developed because of historic and geographic reasons . 
  we 've had empires unifying much of the continent for the better part of the last 2000 years . 
  that leaves a permanent mark on european unity that is becoming more and more apparent . 
  the difference between being a german and being a bolivian or an american is much more evident that between a german and frenchman . 
  i could even argue that about the brits - language is a big part of cultural similarity , there 's no denying that . 
  and they share that with the anglosphere . 
  but outside of the language , they 're pretty much a northern european country : the architecture , the parliamentary sovereignty , and many other little cultural traits that make them more similar to the dutch or the danes than to the americans . 
  what i 'm getting at is that there 's many more traits unifying us that those that are dividing us . 
  and we need to start recognizing that . 
   a position of security for us means a position of danger for others . 
  i disagree . 
  in the last 50 or so years , the only `` expansionist '' agenda europe has had was about projecting soft power . 
  that means convincing other countries of our superior socio-economic model , not coercing them to adopt it by force . 
  every country that has changed to europe 's model has done it by its own volition and under the promise that it might get to join the eu . 
   reform , he told the bbc , would mean `` less immigration '' across the eu if undercutting wages was banned . 
  so he advocates for banning undercutting wages to stop practices of subcontracting workers from other member states with lower wages . 
  that sounds reasonable and i think it should be done if the principle of free movement is to survive . 
  but i doubt it 'll make any difference to the british leave zealots . 
  it 's pretty clear that to them , it 's simply about dislike of foreigners . 
   well i believe some cultures have better elements than others . 
  for example a culture than says a woman and a man deserve equal treatment is better than one that says a man is superior and a woman is property . 
  that is , again , an artifact of history . 
  christianity was like that not so long ago . 
  the fact that some states do n't recognize gender equality is mostly caused by the west 's interests in preserving religious fundamentalism in those regions ( or support regimes that enforce it ) . 
  i doubt that if at least you 'd let people give it a chance in saudi arabia or iraq they wo n't embrace it . 
   also i agree there should n't be blind competition , but there also should n't be blind acceptance . 
  a balance must be made . 
  i agree . 
  that 's why i said in my first comment that western values are about helping people * who need help * no matter where they 're from . 
  but you also should n't deny tens of thousands of people who genuinely need help because of a minority of wrongdoers . 
  this is a common sight throughout europe - a lot of politicians scapegoating refugees to further their racist views , views that they could n't otherwise rationally justify to the public . 
   i agree we should attempt to take the higher ground but not at a large cost to ourselves . 
  we are not obligated to be the world 's martyrs . 
  though it would be nice to let someone else take the reigns for a while . 
  far from talking about martyrdom , i think we have n't done enough . 
  in my country . 
  or most of europe outside of germany , sweden and some countries on the mediterranean border . 
  i think it 's generally a good thing . 
  do n't get the point you 're trying to make . 
   silly goose i never said that 's what i thought . 
  i was just showing the issues in their argument . 
  because the way that you presented them looked like it 's a personal opinion . 
  if they 're not , i apologize . 
  i 'd like to know what your opinion is nonetheless . 
   yeah so we are n't obligated to be any better than anyone else right ?
