   although you said it was the government , so i 'd like a few quotes from them on it , keeping in mind that wanting closer links with our kin is not imperial nostalgia . 
  of course they 're not saying it outright , but there are small hints in statements here and there . 
  these are a couple coming from prominent tory members and mps , which are not necessarily part of the government , but represent the majority view in the executive right now : - [ commonwealth trade a ` neglected jewel ' , uk mp 's told ] ( http://www.cweic.org/commonwealth-trade-a-neglected-jewel-uk-mps-told/ ) - [ reconnecting with the commonwealth : the uk 's free trade opportunities by james cleverly mp and tim hewish ] ( http://tonyabbott.com.au/2017/01/forward-reconnecting-commonwealth-uks-free-trade-opportunities-james-cleverly-mp-tim-hewish/ ) - [ tory mp calls for post-brexit trade to focus on commonwealth ] ( http://newsvideo.su/video/5920434 )  i 'd also like to clarify that an acknowledgment of difference or estrangement is not a form of hatred , and this decision was not one of europe vs anglosphere , it was more europe vs independence . 
  on estrangement vs hatred , i think you 'd get a different opinion depending on who you 'd ask . 
  but i agree that for most brits ( at least the ones that i know ) , it 's not about hatred . 
  but then again , most of them do n't see this as cultural estrangement either - just a switch in external policy . 
  about the `` independence '' argument - it 's not like the eu is some sort of occupying army forcing you to take decisions at gunpoint . 
  i 've discussed this many times before on this sub , so i 'll just link [ a previous comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5pgi7b/brexit_berlin_business_leaders_unimpressed_with/dcr75eu/ ) that explains my views on an argument which is basically a wild goose chase . 
  edit : some extra stuff, 
   they are enormously represented ; the vast majority of mps in westminster were pro remain ( fuck it theresa may was vocally pro remain ) . 
  i hope you realize how ridiculous this comment is . 
  theresa may was not `` vocally '' pro remain . 
  if anything , she was a tepid participant of a debate she did n't really want to be a part of . 
  and most mps being pro remain is just a paper majority . 
  most of them did not vote against the party whip to trigger a50 . 
  when you want to make sure you get concessions , you do it from a position of negotiating strength ; and that 's when you can really impede the start of the exit process . 
  ken clarke 's reference to edmund burke 's bristol speech actually illustrates it best : on an issue of this importance , every mp should first vote in accordance of their view of the best national interest . 
  and that 's exactly what these mps did not do . 
   the europeans clearly have even less of an idea about the empire and how and why it ended than the modern british to be fair . 
  i disagree . 
  it 's quite common knowledge throughout europe that they gave it up because it was a massive economic burden , especially in the state they were in after ww2 . 
  what is unjustified though , is this common view on the continent of a deep-rooted british arrogance towards europe . 
  it exists , but only in certain political circles and polarized parts of society . 
  it 's ridiculous to say that it 's an innate trait of the entire nation - and again , that 's because of how disastrously the vast majority of the population that does n't think like that is underrepresented . 
  most of the rhetoric coming from the people on that side of the argument ? 
  like `` we betrayed the commonwealth when we joined the eec '' or `` why should we be in a political union with former soviet bloc countries with which we have no links when instead we could forge closer ties with the commonwealth '' . 
  the intention behind them is pretty telling , tbh . 
  and of course , both are appallingly false . 
   only europeans seem to think brits dream of empire - we barely learn about it in school and most of us were n't alive to see it ; most brits know about the british empire in only the vaguest of terms . 
  i know why folks post it because it gets easy upvotes in an / r/europe hatewank but the point is bullshit . 
  maybe that 's true for most british people , but not for the clique that 's running the country . 
  there 's an awful smell of nostalgia coming off from the tory brexiteers ; they have the political legitimacy right now , and in the eyes of many on the continent , they represent your views as a country . 
  maybe it would help if the part of the population with pro ( or even moderate ) views towards europe is actually represented ? 
  nevermind the bridge , [ samuel beckett is by far the greatest irish export ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16rssthmdiu ) . 
  i do n't even think the issue is entirely cultural . 
  we got where we are here because of the stranglehold the psd had on this country and its institutions for more or less 15 years without proper opposition . 
  they underfund critical public sectors , misspend funds and generally keep the state institutions in a deplorable state . 
  then , when elections come along , they come out as saviors by providing modest pension and wage rises so that people vote for them . 
  when the elections are over , they resume their usual scummy governing tactics so that they lay the groundwork for the next elections ' handouts . 
  in the meantime , we all lose . 
  i hope this whole thing will give even their most ardent voters a wake up call . 
  in all earnest , i hope their party collapses and something good comes out of it . 
  the left needs * proper * representation here . 
  yes . 
  and it 's a quite simple solution . 
  modify the constitution so that it does n't allow laws to be passed via emergency ordinances in sensible areas like the penal code . 
  that way , every amendment or new bill will have to pass through parliament , and be subject to public debate . 
  plus , the president will be able to veto it ( although he can only do that two times at most ) . 
  it 's just a pr spin . 
  they have very few supporters left ( the approval rate this week has been something like 20 % , maybe less ) . 
  most of the country is united against their legislative assault on anti-corruption law and , to be honest , the judiciary as a whole . 
  trumpeting this `` fear of division '' is just them saving face when in fact , they 're heading towards political irrelevance with each passing day . 
  i think so too . 
  even taking into account the political ignorance of their core electorate , the scale of the protests these past few days can not and will not be ignored at the next ge . 
   that 's because in romania you can brand the issue with a nice little catch-word : corruption . 
  it 's more than a catchphrase - it 's an endemic problem and you know it . 
  the fact that it gets thrown around for political ammo does n't make it less of a problem . 
  the ones under indictment have the same discourse when they try to pull the wool over people 's eyes by disreputing the judiciary . 
   but other people might not like it . 
  people like the british showed that they did n't . 
  and if juncker would try this in france , he might get a nice surprise . 
  this is about juncker . 
  it 's not about a commonly agreed framework , but about personal politics . 
  if it were someone else in the council presidency but they had the same arguments , would you have agreed then ? 
   ad hominem attacks . 
  cheers . 
  it 's not an ad hominem attack . 
  it 's me calling out your visible prejudice towards this subject and how you base your arguments around it . 
   yes and if romania votes again for the psd then that means they agree with their policies and as such measures need to be taken by the eu . 
  again . 
  that means that they have to agree with something that was never mentioned in their manifestos ? 
  if the party you favour would win an election and then pass laws undermining the judiciary you 'd just suck it up because `` they won the election '' ? 
  this is something short of a constitutional crisis , and people have the right to protest against it , no matter how they voted . 
   well political pressure from juncker is sidestepping democracy . 
  let the romanian constitutional court have its say . 
  if the court agrees , then let romanians in 4 years vote for new guys that will repeal these laws . 
  again , this cheap argument . 
  noone has ever threatened the sovereignity of romania 's constitutional court in the matter . 
  political pressure is just a diplomatic way of ensuring romania respects its adherence commitments which were clearly related to judicial independence and rule of law . 
  on a smaller scale , it is a case of cherrypicking - you want the privileges , but do n't abide by the basic rules . 
  since we 're making unsubstantiated parallels here , it 's like accepting russia or belarus in the eu and arguing that they should n't be under political pressure to change their kleptocratic ways because it infringes on their sovereignity . 
  you are completely clutching at straws with your arguments and it 's clear your partisanship towards romania is the cause of your prejudiced judgement . 
   again , how are protests more relevant than a democratic vote ? 
   the eu should act if romanians vote psd in 4 years ... not now . 
  if romanians voted psd , let them sleep in the bed they made for themselves as is the democratic process . 
  what are you on about . 
  people are protesting because these ordinances were never a part of psds electoral pledge . 
  a lot of their voters and their officials are against it too . 
  there 's also the question of political representation of the people that did n't vote for you . 
  if you 're elected with a majority it does n't mean you can go ahead and gas people because you have a mandate . 
  taking both sides into account is what political centrism is about , something that seems to be in short supply these days throughout europe . 
  plus , the most important aspect of these protests is principle . 
  people have a duty to protest if they want do defend principles they believe in , and that does not make it a democratic sideslip . 
  it 's actually something that their strategists stated quite clearly . 
  i wish this was an exaggeration but sadly , it is n't . 
  i am so angry at the people who voted these fucks in . 
  what a tool this guy is . 
  comparing a `` union '' that was kept together by intimidation and threat of military force to one that was formed and is being kept together by the own volition of its member states . 
  the americans are going to have such a wake up call when they 're going to find themselves a little isolated , inward economy ( alongside the uk ) with no real friends or diplomatic clout . 
  it has n't gotten worse , it 's gotten way better .
