  it 's not . 
  an exaggerated sense of gratification plus no real knowledge of linguistics or language history . 
  at least that 's the case with the comments from most of the half-learned romanians you see on reddit . 
  yeah he is . 
  because money is n't everything ? 
  is that santorini on the left ? 
  yes . 
  but it 's unrelated ( should read irrelevant ) in the context of the visa waiver program , which is about free movement of people , not goods . 
   it does n't matter anyway , this is a pointless argument honestly . 
  no , it 's not because i 've seen a couple of brits have this view on this subreddit . 
  there is not a `` majority '' of socially conservative people in ee to begin with , since that term is totally pointless . 
  it 's much more nuanced than that and people are split on different issues . 
  it 's also a construct that 's totally unrelated to the freedom of movement of people . 
  no they 're not . 
  social conservatism has many dimensions , and it 's foolish to assume that it 's about the same things across all of eastern europe . 
  the most conservative party over here is pro-women 's rights and so are a good chunk of their voter base . 
  also , despite the stance of the polish government on abortion , a big portion of the population is pro-choice . 
  you either have a prejudiced view on eastern europeans , or falsely consider that their views are an extension of the ones of their elected representatives . 
   trying to get rid of `` the local customs of their birthplace '' causes far more problems than accepting them . 
  i do n't think it was ever the eu 's intention to do this . 
  on the contrary , it intends on preserving them with things like geographical indication for products or the european heritage label for cultural sites . 
   i am also a dreamer , but to me a better world is simply one in which liberal democracy extends as far as possible . 
  liberal democracy is a loose term and it can mean many things to many people . 
  even if you widely use it as a guiding principle , you 'd still end up getting conflicting views/interests and progress would stagnate as a result . 
  the way i see it is that for the last 15 to 20 years there 's been an ideological divide on western values . 
  this divide has been boiling on the surface to the point that it has now become a conflict . 
  it 's mostly liberal free market-ism vs. social democracy . 
  i personally think it 's a stupid argument and that the best resolve would be somewhere in the middle - we could learn from america how to be better entrepreneurs , and they could learn from us what social policies mean . 
  but you ca n't reach any middle ground with a fractured eu . 
  this is certainly in the us ' interest since it would find it easier to deal with separate countries than with the eu as a whole . 
  that is why i think it was/is a bad idea for britain to leave the eu . 
  while still a member , it was the country closest to the middle ground . 
  it could 've used its relationship with the us and its influence in the eu to sway both sides into meeting towards the centre . 
  it has now taken a clear side - one that might end up changing it fundamentally , as a country . 
  and i 'm not sure it will be for the better . 
  you clearly know nothing about eastern europe then . 
  i do n't think y' all know what schengen actually is . 
  wow . 
  you 'd restrict something for a whole country because of the misdeeds of certain members of a minority ? 
  thank fuck you 're not running things then . 
  check my comment [ further down below ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5wuweh/breaking_politico_obtains_white_paper_on_eu_future/ded6k40/ ) . 
   i think that the immediate equivalency between the eurozone and the first tier is false . 
  you might be right , but that does n't discredit the argument that most of eastern europe wo n't be in the first tier . 
  there are just too many economical and political obstacles to that . 
   there is a lot to be done that has nothing at all to do with how you calculate your budget . 
  it 's much more than that . 
  it 's about having a stable , predictable legislature , having a fundamentally sound economy , and above all , political will . 
  and i do n't think our government is up to that if they ca n't even bring themselves to abide by the deficit rules . 
   and no , it 's not always been about compromise . 
  yes , it has been about compromise most of the time . 
  you 're culling a single opposite example , but the reality is that we would n't have had half as many treaties agreed if the focus was not on compromise . 
  and i think that 's a good principle to stick to . 
   well we should n't then try to be part of the second speed . 
  that effectively means that we need to join the eurozone , and it 's not as easy as you make it sound . 
  do you really think think that we have a chance of leveling up our economy to make that feasible under our current government ? 
  or perhaps the next ? 
  the eu has always been about compromise - that 's what its survival secret was all these years . 
  but this is not compromise ; it 's take it or leave it . 
  and the `` take '' for some eastern european countries are conditions that are impossible to meet right now . 
  i do n't necessarily think that the situation is comparable . 
  those countries do n't need the eu as much as eastern europe does . 
  their interest in being in the eu amounts to some economic benefits and political influence ( which obviously they do n't consider important enough , since they 're not full members ) . 
  for eastern europe , the situation is much more dire - it needs the eu for funding , security , even for being the democratic guarantor by pressuring local governments to respect the standards imposed by the union as a whole . 
  if all of this becomes uncertain , we 'll be fucked . 
  really hard . 
   a two-speed eu will be the end of the eu . 
  absolutely agree . 
  ee will be shafted really hard if this goes ahead . 
   you 're only proving my point that you have to trust them with your data . 
  no , i am not . 
  i am saying that you 're overreacting . 
  there is a fine line between healthy skepticism and solipsism . 
  nevertheless , my argument still stands . 
  given the fact that there are lots of solutions that make bulk communication eavesdropping hard , this initiative is about legally mandating encryption backdoors , not about retention . 
  actually , if you followed the course of this legislation at the european level , you 'll see that there has been quite a lot of fightback from the operators cartel : - when the ec first announced the proposal to totally cut roaming charges , the operators threatened that they are going to increase domestic prices - the commission then backed down , and proposed a `` roam like home for 90 days '' amendment , essentially reducing this to only 3 months/year - then a pr shitstorm hit them , and they went back to the initial proposal - operators then threatened that they 'd slow down or even stop adoption of 5g in europe - then the commission magically got concessions from the operators with some `` reform '' to the abolition law and that was that . 
  so i actually think that these loopholes were intentionally added by the ec to satisfy the operators and still save face on the law entirely . 
  and i hope i 'm wrong , but i doubt that any of this will be struck down in court . 
  yes , you ca n't even trust that you 're inhaling air unless you measure it chemically every time you breathe in by that logic . 
  but you can be damn near perfectly sure by judging the circumstances . 
  protonmail was just an example that came to my mind when i posted the comment - of course that your level of security is going to be dictated by that of the recipient when it comes to email . 
  there are other open source providers that have closed networks ( like signal ) - i.e. , you can only communicate with other users in their network . 
  so there are definitely ways of making eavesdropping hard - and this is a way to legislate breaking encryption , not passively storing messages for future inspection , because , like i said , there are lots of services that would n't be affected by that . 
  oh yeah , and making something bold does n't necessarily make it true . 
  actually some of them ( like protonmail ) opensource the code , so you 're absolutely free to audit it . 
  so it 's only internal checks & balances between the houses of parliament . 
  i know that the model is there for historical reasons , but has anyone thought of reforming the system in a way that some scrutiny is allowed on the parliament by the other powers in the state ? 
  for example , can the judiciary check if a law is n't constitutional and return it to parliament and force it to ammend it in case it is n't ? 
  i know you do n't have a written constitution , but surely there have been cases where the constitutionality of certain laws has been questioned ? 
  edit : did some reading and it seems that parliament has the final say on the constitution as well , so all laws passed by the parliament are constitutional by virtue of it being the supreme lawmaking body . 
  still think that 's a bit risky - having a single unchecked sovereign institution can absolutely open the door to power abuse ... 
  right . 
  yahoo is not a zero knowledge system . 
  you should look up tresorit . 
  or threema . 
  or spideroak . 
  that 's an interesting discussion to expand on . 
  i know that in the uk the parliament is sovereign , but i have no idea how the powers are separated . 
  i know that the judiciary is independent from the executive ( and vice versa ) , but i do n't know what are the checks and balances put on the legislative by the other institutions . 
  you said that `` rivers and lakes look like this '' , which is an absolute exaggeration . 
  some of them might do , but i 'm really doubtful that those pictures are recent .
