  visited half of the rivers on that list and i have seen nowhere near that level of litter . 
  those pictures are exceptions . 
  i also do n't know when they were taken . 
  visited some of those rivers and my experience has been totally different . 
  it 's just a case of picking those pictures that look the worst for a little extra karma . 
  an exercise i 've seen romanian redditors here indulge in well too often . 
   encryption ca n't be broken , but the message can be saved for later retrieval . 
  that 's complete gibberish . 
  you know there 's lots of zero knowledge system providers , right ? 
  that means that they do n't save anything - and they make a point of that because it 's their usp . 
  and this can be demonstrated by the fact that many of them ca n't port accounts between devices ( since there 's no central server where that data is saved ) , or do n't have a backup functionality . 
  this is absolutely about legally mandating encryption backdoors . 
  not even close . 
  you still have way worse data retention laws . 
  still , there are lots of other rivers in the country . 
  and that 's rubbish accumulation in certain areas of the flow . 
  this post makes it look like every waterway in the country is as dirty as these pictures , which is absolutely not true . 
  i doubt that all rivers and lakes look like that . 
  where 's that from , btw ? 
  how presumptuous of you . 
  i 've been there several times , so the impressions i 've made are based on what i 've seen and experienced . 
  and i know this might sound inconceivable , but if i 'd ever want to move to another country , social welfare would n't be the single guiding principle i 'd base my decision on . 
  i do n't really get this either . 
  the uk is absolutely a wicked place to visit - a shitload of stuff to do and to see . 
  but living there ? 
  not for me . 
  i know there 's the whole money/opportunities reason but there are way nicer countries with comparable standards of living you could choose from right now . 
  i guess the simplest explanation for most people is language . 
   plus there is a massive double standard as people from those eastern european countries are all in favor of bashing muslims and non-eu immigrants but think that they are something better . 
  you 're confusing the idiots on reddit with real live people , mate . 
  the former is just a vocal minority you see on this subreddit - nothing like a number you 'd consider representative for a whole country . 
  plus , you know that people in western europe are from different `` cultures '' too , right ? 
  keep countering it with facts , and do n't give in when you see that all sense of logic falls away during one of those conversations . 
  and as for long term strategy goes , i actually think that we should develop our own type of populism . 
  sadly , it 's the only type of dialogue many people seem to listen to in this anti-intellectual , emotion first age we live in . 
  might not be that effective overall because we 'd actually need to tell the truth . 
  and truth is not always as appealling as all the bombastic conspiracy theories people seem to lap up . 
  but i certainly think we should give it a go . 
  come off it mate . 
  this comment is beyond stupid . 
  i think that the intended message was that we should n't fight against minorities , or they against us . 
  we should come `` together '' , because we 'd be stronger . 
  ... or something to that effect . 
  my question was n't about facebook privacy , but about the way mercer and co used it in the brexit campaign . 
  also , looking through the comments in this thread i see that people who want to play this down are using the same old false equivalence tactic - the `` when they do it it 's targeting a certain demographic , when others do it , it 's psychological manipulation '' argument . 
  and then , the complementary response . 
  pointing the finger at the other side 's hypocrisy without actually having a meaningful response . 
  classic disinformation tactic , really . 
  and yes , the alt-right 's ( or whatever you wan na call it ) internet disinformation machine is quite real and openly combative . 
  much more so than the other side - it does n't take long for me to click some youtube embedded link in an article about brexit to be then swamped with inane crap like `` brexit supporter destroys leftie snowflake '' . 
  much to the same vain as the videos about putin `` destroying '' cnn reporters whenever i watch a video about the situation in ukraine . 
  i see the same type of discourse at home too , and it 's totally distorting people 's perception about reality . 
  that is why i think it 's essential that every time we see it , we expose it for the utter drivel it really is . 
  does that make it ok then ? 
  greeks never recognized minorities . 
  they were considered greeks by the state long before the so called `` extra baggage '' . 
  as a matter of fact , the greek state was all for sped up assimilation , many times against the vlachs ' will . 
  and yes , it should be preserved . 
  we 're hastily heading towards a future where hundreds of languages and regional dialects are becoming extinct , taking with them all the cultural and historical strata coded in them . 
  to that effect , would you call greek `` extra baggage '' in a world where english is increasingly becoming the lingua franca ? 
  if you want to preserve cultural plurality , languages matter . 
   but typically people in the uk do n't consider themselves european . 
  i do n't think i 've ever spoken to a brit who does n't consider himself european or sees the uk as anything else than a european country . 
  sure , there 's disagreement from ( arguably ) a majority of people in britain over belonging to a politico-economical construct that covers most of the continent . 
  and of course , you also belong to the anlgosphere . 
  shared culture and language is important - there 's emil cioran 's famous `` people inhabit a language , not a nation '' quote i 'd never thought i 'd use in this context . 
  ... but that does n't mean that you 're not also a northern european country . 
  i do n't understand why some people think they 're mutually exclusive . 
   and in my defence , this is a problem i 've had with other non-native speakers , particularly over the internet . 
  probably to the same degree i have a problem with spotting nuanced sarcasm from native speakers over the internet . 
  i do n't see the difference between what i know and what i like in the context of this thread . 
  they 're connected , and i see no reason why i should repeat the same banalities i see all over the place . 
   regardless , my comment was not intended as hostile , so back the fuck off . 
  of course it was n't . 
  you do realize that people have different music tastes , do you ? 
  some of those bands might be influential , but i do not fucking like their music . 
  and yes , i think that punk has had a much more valuable influence on music ( and on society , to a certain degree ) than the stones ' vapid pop radio tunes . 
  yes , i do . 
  should i have gone with rick astley instead ? 
  they 're visionary rabble-rousers . 
  they create problems nobody has , then come up with fixes and ( willingly or not ) export them to the world . 
  that 's how they came up with the first shape of a modern parliament in 1265 . 
  honorary mention goes to the icelanders though . 
  also , music , film and literature . 
  wrt music , i 'd single out 60s and 70s punk , the 90s trip-hop scene around bristol , and experimental electronica ( warp records , planet mu , skam , etc ) . 
  outside of radiohead , ca n't really stand indie and i do n't know why it 's such a big thing . 
  and if i were to pick a film , the example most fitting for the times would be [ the ruling class ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0069198/?ref_=nv_sr_1 ) . 
   what ? 
  does romania have a much more american system of persecution then i expected ? 
  you know that prosecutors are n't exclusive to america , right ? 
  in romania they 're civil servants just as the judges are . 
  dna is an organization of prosecutors - their job is to find evidence . 
  evidence that judges then judge upon . 
   when the system is already corrupt ? 
  i do n't know what you mean by that . 
  corruption is rife here , but it 's more of a problem of government and local administration . 
  i 'd say that it is less of a problem for the judiciary - that 's why they are attacking the justice system so hard right now . 
  like i said in my previous comment , nothing can be ruled out , but i trust a judge way more than i trust a government official right now . 
   id does n't have to be false , just hearsay and unreliable , just enough to open an investigation which will be then last until the election . 
  those kinds of accusations for political benefit usually come from individuals with interests , not from any official anti-corruption body .
