right wing tabloids are the new uk government . 
   it was opposed by the public at the time any source for that ? 
  what a sad day and a great loss for both sides . 
  far from only being the demurring partner , the uk was a massively beneficial contributor to the eu . 
  from the creation of the single market , being one of the loudest voices for consumer and worker rights protection , to eastern enlargement . 
  all things that we now take for granted , and that would n't have been possible without british initiatives . 
  on the other hand , the uk is going for a step in the dark , with a very real prospect of seeing those laws and protections they help put in place be eroded over time . 
  today the ideologues have won . 
  they used a volatile public sentiment caused by years of internal mismanagement to convince a slim majority that it was the eus fault . 
  what they do n't realize is that they have inadvertently started the countdown to britain 's return to the eu , once the people see what the country will become under their edict . 
  i fucking hate this conservative government . 
  not just junk food . 
  it 's true for other stuff that can really impact your health , like cosmetics . 
  hear , hear . 
  yes , but from my experience i 'd say it 's limited . 
  i had difficulty understanding it , but i did faintly pick up some familiar words and phrases . 
  there 's similarity in the vocabulary because of the latin substrata , but often meanings for words have shifted and mean different things . 
  for example , there 's the portuguese * bon dia * which is cognate to the romanian * bun\u0103 ziua * . 
  while i was in portugal , i only heard people say it in the mornings , while in romanian it 's sort of a greeting for the whole day . 
  i might be wrong though , so please correct me if that 's the case . 
  another example is * obrigado * which is similar to romanian * obligat * . 
  in portuguese it means thank you , while in romanian means being forced to do something . 
  even though i remember from a discussion with a portuguese mate that it can mean being forced as well if used in the proper context . 
  in romanian too . 
  that chart shows romania is ahead of italy . 
  utter rubbish . 
  karma whoring at its finest . 
  vinsanto is probably the best sweet wine i ever drank . 
  there 's a little known winery from the c\u0103l\u0103ra\u0219i region called [ coconi ] ( https://www.podgoriacoconi.com/ ) . 
  prices are reasonable , and their assortment of b\u0103beasc\u0103 is semi-dry , which is how i like it . 
  generally , the white grapes ( t\u0103m\u00e2ioas\u0103 , gras\u0103 ) survived : http://www.vitis-metamorfosis.com/test-post-pt-blog/ https://www.agerpres.ro/flux-documentare/2015/03/11/viticultura-romaneasca-tamaioasa-romaneasca-vinul-capodopera--15-39-31, 
  we 're the sixth producer in europe and twelfth in the world . 
  we 've always had a tradition of producing and drinking wine . 
  beer consumption is fairly recent - around the early 1900s . 
  we have a set of autochthonous grapes that survived the phylloxera epidemic in the 19th century , when most european varieties had to be interbred with american ones so that they survive . 
  my favorites are b\u0103beasc\u0103 neagr\u0103 for reds and cr\u00e2mpo\u0219ie for whites . 
  in romanian , they 're historically known as * arn\u0103u\u021bi * . 
  this is a clickbaity title . 
  nowhere does the article say that bitdefender is the best av . 
  it just contains a summary of `` defeat techniques '' and a couple of comments from cia analysts . 
  pretty thin in substance , imo . 
  the effectiveness of an av is measured in more than just its ability to detect a malicious payload - it 's also about prevention ( detecting nasties `` in flight '' , before they reach your hdd ) , network protection - having a strong firewall that detects attacks at the network stack , and so on . 
  that list is pretty old too . 
  not that it would matter ; there are ways of evading detection that have never been detectable and never will - patched bioes and uefis that drop drivers in memory after boot , subverting update processes , code injection techniques like atom bombing , etc. 
  if you look at the details in the leak , it says that it can be defeated either by common xor obfuscation techniques , or by simply changing the resource time of an executable to bitmap - i.e. 
  tricking it that the executable you 're downloading is in fact a bitmap image . 
  even if the latter is not guaranteed to always work , it 's still a pretty big oversight on their end . 
  bitdefender is good , but it 's mendacious to say the leaks imply that it 's the best . 
  i know . 
  but that still does n't mean that their whole arsenal is spearphishing . 
  if anything , that was a lucky break because the defenses on the target machine were fairly weak . 
  any organization with common sense has prevention mechanisms like web filters , anti-exploit mitigations and scanners that will inspect anything you download before it 's reaching your hard disk . 
  everybody moaning in the comments that this is not a surprise is missing the point . 
  this is about the fact that technology should not be used to bloody spy on people . 
  it should be used to solve problems to the benefit of us all . 
  there 's no silver bullet for stopping the obscene invasion of privacy most governments seem to make of technological advancement , but being apathetic about it is absolutely no way to start . 
  absolutely rubbish . 
  if they relied only on spearphishing they 'd never get anything done . 
  there 's a huge market for 0 days out there . 
  many companies ( like the french vupen ) specialize only in trading them with governments . 
  why go for spearphishing when you can use an exploit to pwn a phone by simply sending it a text message ? 
  yeah , you 'll have to spend a bit to bring the region up economically , but the disparity ca n't be that big that it would n't be worth it . 
  plus the population and territorial boost , which in the long run would only be advantageous for roi . 
  have you even read the comment ? 
  the reason for the downvotes is there . 
  it 's a discussion about immigration and its xenophobic cognates . 
  it 's not about the reasons of the brexit vote , like you 're falsely trying to suggest . 
  since when does downvoting imply that i 'm mad about something . 
  it means i do n't agree , and that 's a whole different thing . 
  the thread is , as you say , mainly about immigration . 
  and i gather that the intention of most commentators was keeping it like that . 
  yes , everyone knows that it 's not the single reason why people voted leave but it is one of the most important ( i 'd even say decisive ) ones . 
  and whenever people discuss it , they should n't have to preface it with a big `` people voted for other reasons '' warning sign . 
  that 's not to say that you ca n't add something different to the discussion . 
  but what you 're doing is nefariously trying to move it in a different direction when you do n't like the theme . 
  `` oh , it 's about xenophobia and its vile effects ? 
  quick , look the other way , because people voted to leave for other reasons too ! '' . 
  they 're different kettles of fish and the fact that there was other stuff does n't excuse the vitriolic anti-immigration descant playing a big role . 
  i never said that because i did not need to . 
  it 's in reply to a comment mentioning immigration . 
  you should check the context of the discussion before hijacking it , mate . 
  that does n't invalidate what i said . 
  it 's a matter of and , not or . 
  some people did n't agree with the eus vision , some did n't like foreigners . 
   they deserve to be explained what the benefits of the eu are , which is something our politicians ( but also the sometimes the eu itself with its disastrous pr ) very much failed to do here . 
  wo n't make any difference . 
  there have been many studies ( one example here : [ [ 1 ] ] ) that show that people usually treat politics as an identifying trait and will often fight back or just abandon the conversation when you try to change their minds via traditional discourse . 
  what you need to do is actually relate national identities with a broader , european one in order to show that they 're not mutually exclusive and can work together in a beneficial way . 
  a type of identity politics in the service of europeanism , if you will . 
  and to do this , we need national leaders that wo n't trumpet the same old `` us versus the brussels diktat '' bullshit that does nothing but help them and their cronies ' personal interest . 
  we need to fight for pro-eu governments at the ballot box whenever we have the chance . 
  [ 1 ] : http://www.vox.com/science-and-health/2016/12/28/14088992/brain-study-change-minds, 
  in other words - the xenophobia of small town england has won . 
  that false equivalence again . 
   but it 's not the closest language to latin . 
  not by far . 
  yeah . 
  you could argue that it may be closer to latin in terms of grammatical structure . 
  but overall , that would be sardinian or italian , probably . 
   why do romanians think , and i mean no offence to this , but think that romanian is the closest to latin ?
