  because they are civil lawsuits , they begin in the lower ( local ) courts and usually do n't make it to the higher ones because of lack of evidence . 
  some might be submitted directly to the dna , but are scrupulously checked and usually do not turn into fully fledged investigations because of the same reason . 
   are cases of mayors and members of parliament that high status ? 
  do n't they happen all the time in romania now ? 
  yes , they do . 
  and that just shows how big of a problem corruption is in this country . 
  the fact that they succeed , despite the large sums of money these assholes spend on lawyers and other means of defense shows that the verdicts are correct . 
  that 's why we need legal reform to forbid them from running again if they 've been accused of something . 
  it 's the job of a prosecutor to make a case based on evidence . 
  and then a jury has to look at the evidence and say if there 's suspicion ( or valid evidence ) of the law being broken . 
  it 's not like investigations can be opened out of thin air , without any proof . 
  even if it 's impossible to rule anything out , there 's very little room for abuse . 
  false testimony or evidence is also punishable with jail . 
  and fighting such a high status legal battle on false evidence would be very risky . 
  i 'd rather have a provision in the constitution stating that either : - criminal offences are excluded from parliamentary immunity or - any mp that has been investigated in the past ( no matter if he 's been indicted or not ) should be prohibited from ever running for office . 
  abolishing immunity altogether would essentially do away with the separation between the executive and the legislative . 
   it 's all good in uk with long tradition of democracy . 
  it 's a different story with budding democracies and ones where ruling party does n't leans towards dictatorship . 
  easy with the brown nosing there . 
  it 's not a case of `` established vs budding democracies '' . 
  exemption of criminal offense from parliamentary immunity is a thing that 's specific to common law . 
  so it 's just a matter of difference between legal systems . 
  would you call france a `` budding democracy '' by that standard ? 
  yes , those abuses happened and they should n't have . 
  but the more important thing is the pr damage they cause . 
  because of that , it 's highly unlikely that an mp accused of corruption will get to run at the next elections . 
  so an investigation effectively means political suicide . 
  when his/her mandate then expires , the investigation ( and subsequent prosecution ) can continue unhindered by immunity . 
  and afaik , that 's what happened in sova 's case . 
  lifting immunity altogether would cause much more serious damage to the concept of separation of powers , which is one of the basics of democracy . 
  over here , mps can be investigated and sued for criminal abuses , but they ca n't be indicted or detained without the approval of the house they belong to . 
  the only exception is in the case of a flagrante delicto , when the decision bypasses parliament and moves on to the highest court in the land . 
   this seems to work perfectly fine . . 
  i do n't know why it would n't here as well . 
  must be a remnant of some old 19th century napoleonic code provision ... 
   also , lifting parliamentary immunity i am all for resignation of the current government ; even snap elections to get a new parliament if need be . 
  but the removal of the parliamentary immunity is the stupidest thing i 've heard people ask for . 
  it 's there for a reason - so that mps do n't cast their vote out of fear of being prosecuted ; it 's there since the beginning of roman law . 
  every parliamentary system has it . 
  if we remove it , the parliament would only be a puppet of the government and we might as well abolish it . 
  people asking for that should be reminded that psd announced a referendum calling for it - if that does n't sound fishy , i do n't know what does . 
  really worried that people are starting to fall for these dirty tricks while they 're riding the anti-corruption high right now . 
  every bit of data could be useful to someone . 
  if not now , it could be in the future . 
  there could be social conventions that change and things that are now legal could become illegal . 
  everything they have on you could be used against you in some way . 
   funny thing is , that the aristocracy in basel simply made the decision to join switzerland , and merely `` informed '' its people that they were swiss now . 
  and why did they do it ? 
  better trade . 
  that 's interesting . 
  do n't know why the common view is that they were invited ( on mobile , so too lazy to be bothered to look up where i read that ) . 
  also , forgot to mention swiss cheese , watches ( and their craftsmanship in general ) , the writer automaton , and of course , ueli beer !, 
  hopefully it 'll be stopped at the national parliament level . 
  direct democracy . 
  chocolate . 
  proper mountain people ( was kinda surprised when i saw the number of people actually making a 2000 something meter trek by foot on mt pilatus ) . 
  oh , and basel was the only canton that was actually invited instead of asking to join the confederation . 
   actually it 's not normally about classified information , the most common issues with government information gathering over reach tend to be really mundane ( although no less an issue for that ) . 
  that 's because massive , indiscriminate collection of personal information has been legalized and things that would have been considered over-reaches in the past are now just `` mundane '' . 
  so basically , letting the cops sift through your panty drawer but adding `` more oversight and stiff punishments for over-reach '' as validation when you should n't have let them do it in the first place . 
  what a perfect example of circular logic . 
  that 's more avert to risk because behavioral engines or intrusion detection systems could detect the rat on execution even if the payload is masked . 
  and , it 's most likely that in days time the av engines will catch it too with just static detection once they have definitions for it . 
  how would those over-reaches even be investigated ? 
  and how would the perpetrators be punished ? 
  let me enlighten you : by secret courts , because they 're dealing with classified information . 
  you never get to know how veracious they actually are . 
  you have to take the government 's word for it . 
  the government that passed this legislation in the first place , mind you . 
  what a weak argument . 
   from a website , unlikely . 
  browsers today do not allow running ( much less installing ) external software silently in the background . 
  the only way is when you download something & run it . 
  they may trick you by including spyware in some software installer you would download & run . 
  that does n't make any difference . 
  you could absolutely download and run something silently if you were a government with a treasure trove of exploits that would do just that . 
  or better yet , force the browser/service/os devs to add a backdoor , in exchange of letting them sell their products in your country . 
  on the incursions on the western shore of the black sea . 
  most of them were related to the kievan rus ' invasion of the first bulgarian empire in the 960s . 
  the rus had varangian mercenaries in their ranks and they left their marks throughout the route of the invasion . 
  some examples : symbols that resemble runic inscriptions [ 1 ] or dragons [ 2 ] that were scribbled over the existing christian symbolry in the [ murflatlar cave complex ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/murfatlar_cave_complex ) . 
  so saying they were viking raids is a bit misleading . 
  [ 1 ] : http://www.crestinortodox.ro/admin/_files/newsannounce/basarabi-b1 - ( 2 ) . jpg [ 2 ] : http://www.crestinortodox.ro/admin/_files/newsannounce/complexul-bazarabi - ( 2 ) . jpg edit : fixed some links - apparently reddit does n't properly format links that have parentheses in the url . 
  oh yes . 
   they 're not false , britain redirected its trade away from canada , australia and new zealand when it joined the eec , and those countries were forced to realign their trade to the us and china , it was seen by many in those countries as a betrayal on our part . 
  britain did not `` betray '' anyone , because it had no legal or political obligation to any of those countries . 
  as a matter of fact , that 's one of the concepts that underpins the commonwealth . 
  it chose a different commercial and political union , because it was in its interest to do so . 
  plus , it 's not like britain has totally cut the cord on commonwealth countries - on the contrary . 
  in some areas like intelligence , cooperation has only deepened . 
   the intention behind those cultural links is the same as the eu , the entire project is intended to link countries with similar cultures , the uk has always felt a bit disconnected to the continent , and finds it difficult to find much common ground with eastern europeans . 
  that is a pretty selective view of history . 
  britain is as much of a northern european country as it belongs to the anglosphere . 
  before and after the 16th century most of its history and cultural evolution has been intertwined with that of europe for thousands of years . 
  somehow people think that these spheres of cultural influence are mutually exclusive , when they 're anything but . 
  so you are in this unique place that 's in between europe and other english speaking countries and periodically , you can choose your side . 
  44 years ago you chose europe , because again , it benefited you . 
  now you 're switching that allegiance merely on sentiment , with no clear plan in mind . 
  and the fact that the decision has been taken only by a tiny majority should n't be excluded either . 
  i 'd actually go as far as to argue that the referendum was the biggest con in the post ww2 history of europe .
