  it 's a local interpretation of a russian salad . 
   if people still think the eu is only for big corporations than they 'll never be convinced it is n't . 
  one of those people is jeremy corbyn . 
  i hope others will be catching on to that soon . 
   bucharest was n't yet a city in 1350 . 
  it should have t\u00e2rgovi\u0219te instead . 
   not true . 
  judging by archeology and other connected documents , there was already a settlement in the place where bucharest is today during the 1350s . 
  the fact that it was clearly attested a century later does n't mean it did n't exist before . 
  it just was n't that important politically yet . 
   curtea de arge\u0219 was the capital no , it was n't . 
  c\u00e2mpulung was the capital until 1369 when vladislav vlaicu moved it to arge\u0219 . 
  more like c\u00e2mpulung . 
  the first royal court in arge\u0219 was barely completed in the 1350s and it became the official capital in 1369 . 
   calling a man `` good '' means the man is good . 
  calling a woman `` good '' means the woman is sexy . 
  true for romanian as well . 
   you would n't understand because you do n't have a metric fuck tonne of people moving to your country every year ... you can not understand our perspective at all as your country is a massive net receiver from the eu and it benefits you guys hugely . . flip that on it 's head and become a net contributor , see how much you love it then absolutely agree . 
  we have totally different perspectives , and i wo n't pretend otherwise . 
  but having visited the uk very often in the last couple of years it seems to me that many people are quite deliberately ignoring the meager ( almost non-existent ) efforts of integration and focus on numbers alone . 
  until integration is being looked at , segregation will still be a problem regardless of how many people come . 
  i would even argue that the numbers will probably not go down by very much in the foreseeable future . 
  not only that , but once the emotions cool down , fom will mostly remain . 
  it will probably be under slightly different provisions and a different name but it wo n't be that much different in essence . 
  what a load of bull . 
  do you honestly believe that deeper political integration within the eu will automatically lead to some form of cultural suppression in the member states ? 
  you 're forgetting that you 're living on the continent with one the world 's oldest and most diverse cultures . 
  i 'm sure that the french ( or any other european country for that matter ) would be as adverse as britain to any form of forced change on that scale . 
  now about sovereignty . 
  it should be a means to an end , not some kind of dogmatic purpose that many of your countrymen make it out to be . 
  if having sovereignty means the ability to dilute civil liberties , introduce mass surveillance and make the better off even less accountable than they 're now , you can shove it . 
  that 's kind of disheartening . 
  looking more broadly at this , it seems the next 10 to 20 years will be crucial for the eu , in particular the core eurozone countries . 
  all the other states that are in the outer core , or are just reluctant about further integration will observe from the sidelines and will have to make up their mind at one point about being all in or all out . 
  i hope that they succeed , because the eu breaking up would be a huge destabilizing factor in the world , and it will also affect those who currently want its demise . 
  going to be an interesting couple of decades . 
  this is a period where they iron out differences and come out with a consistent ideology . 
  it 's normal for a party as young is this . 
  the leader of the party himself said that the time spent in the opposition is beneficial because it gives them time to position themselves . 
  i can hardly see that as a case for disintegration . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  thanks for the detailed answer !, 
  it clarifies things quite a bit . 
  whish i could understand norwegian so i could read the report . 
  i 'm quite interested in any proposals of semi-detached associate membership coming from non-eu ( or soon to be non-eu ) countries because it will most likely have an impact on the way the eu will reform in the near future . 
  one more question : why has anti-eu/eea sentiment soared in the last couple of years ? 
  is it because the lack of political representation is seen as against national interest , or is it just a snowball effect caused by the crises the eu has undergone since the finantial crash of 2008 ? 
  nb : i should mention that in david charter 's book : `` au revoiur europe : what if britain left the eu '' ( which was oddly enough published in 2012 ) , the norway model was specifically researched as an alternative to full membership by the eurosceptic think tank open europe . 
  it concluded , after some talks with the norwegian foreign minister at the time , that it would n't be a suitable model because unlike the uk , norway was more dependant on eu trade ( he quoted something like 85 % for norway vs 45 % for the uk ) and that immigration and globalization were quite beneficial for the economy and that they are n't seen as contentious issues . 
  wrt to sovereignity , it was something like `` the eu acquis is n't incompatible with our laws , so we trust it enough to accept most of it '' . 
  lastly , he said that the financial contributions made to the eu were generally low compared to other areas ( like social services ) so it was a good bargain overall . 
  what might have changed in the meantime ? 
  are there any contingency plans about what norway 's trade/foreign policy would look like if it left the eea ? 
  or on the future relationship with the eu , for that matter ? 
   no , that episode is over as of february . 
  everybody is focussed on what 's coming , namely : the initiative to cancel the bilaterals 1 ( this time for real ) , and the framework agreement that 's supposed to upgrade the bilaterals according to the eu 's wishes . 
  is the direction going towards a broad , eea style agreement like the eu has been pushing for all along ? 
  or is it going towards something more restrictive , possible with less access to the single market ? 
  there are certainly times when this sub can be quite partizan when it comes to britain , to say the least . 
  not that i do n't understand it given recent developments , but sometimes it 's getting kinda ridiculous . 
  i think the uk 's reaction to the eu has been oscillating throughout the years , depending on who was in power . 
  yes , at times there has been ambivalence and mistrust , but you also had pms who were quite dedicated europhiles , like edward heath and blair . 
  some people here might be surprised to learn that [ blair was one of the major eu leaders that pushed for common european defense right after the iraq invasion ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/3231820.stm ) . 
  i have a feeling that he did so because he saw how toxic interventionism had become at home , and he wanted a bit of independence from us foreign policy . 
  needless to say , he 's now paying the price politically . 
  i wonder what would have been if gordon brown actually accepted to join the euro when blair wanted it . 
  brexit would 've been much more difficult to pull off now . 
  nobody is prohibiting extremist parties from having the seats they should get . 
  as a matter of fact , that 's what a system of proportional representation actually does . 
  and a two round election system is n't against extremist parties - it 's a system that favors coalitions of voters with broadly similar minded interests . 
  take this example : - there are four parties in an election , the biggest ones being a moderate party a with 30 % of the vote , and an extremist party b with 20 % . 
  the rest of the political spectrum is n't extremist , but it 's fragmented . 
  - these two parties end up in the second round . 
  people with generally anti-extremist views will give their votes to party a. 
  if people really wanted an extreme change of policies , either there would be more than one extremist party , or the one that exists would have a bigger proportion of the vote . 
  in those cases it would win the second round regardless . 
  the extremists are usually con men/women who ride the swelling of public sentiment in just one aspect of policy that 's usually an emotionally sensitive subject ( like immigration ) . 
  once they do get in any position of power , they start fucking things up , without actually having approval of the majority of the population for their policy changes . 
  oh yes , forgot about the av vote . 
  i think that if it 'd be held again near the 2022 ge it would have very different results . 
  if i were a brit i would be gutted by the fact that it 's practically impossible to support political change unless it comes from the already established parties . 
  in theory it could work , but it would n't have the same radical effect that a truly newly created party would have , because old factions in established parties would still very much play a role in watering down policies or attitudes . 
  edit : meant to say it 'd have different , not similar results . 
  why is n't there any will to reform ( read * get rid * ) of fptp ? 
  there were groups of mps who tried , but there was little support and their attempts got blocked . 
  i know it serves an important purpose - keep the extremist parties out . 
  but it does that at the expense of smaller ones in general - any new up and coming centrist parties will be a victim of it as well . 
  would n't all these problems be solved by a system of proportional representation with two election rounds ? 
  people usually tend to coalesce around the more moderate party in the second round , even though it 's not their direct preference . 
  the sentiment of the public and that of the government are quite often very different things . 
  scoring points politically at home , and cultural reach abroad . 
  and it 's not like this is something new - it 's the same thing other american services had to do in places like china or india . 
  thanks . 
  time to whip up some cash for a decent us hosted vpn . 
  you do produce quite a few art films and you certainly have great directors . 
  the problem is that most of the online platforms just distribute shitty tv shows , because that 's intrinsic to their business models . 
  also , i do n't get native english speakers ' total disregard for subtitled foreign films . 
  you 're missing out on a lot of good stuff . 
  quality is n't always dependent on production costs . 
  there are plenty of examples of low cost productions that are way better than big blockbusters or triple a tv shows .
