  of course you should . 
  i did n't say that either . 
  you should always strive to be better . 
  but not in the context of `` us being better/superior to them '' that some short sighted nationalistic morons seem to like to blazon . 
  blind competition among `` cultures '' is what led to the horrors of the past century . 
  you should do it in the context of being better at helping human beings who have not been as fortunate as you . 
  it 's called taking the higher ground . 
   because either it is and we should be more intensive in pushing it and stopping other `` lesser '' cultures . 
  how sickening . 
  western exceptionalism in it 's full glory . 
  the perception of others being of a `` lesser '' culture is what made the atrocities of wwii possible . 
  superior western values are about giving people a chance as long as they need it , no matter where they come from . 
  there are no lesser cultures . 
  there are underdeveloped countries , and the reason why they 're in that position is far more complex than just cultural inferiority . 
  it 's often a mix of geographical position and history . 
  if you 'd switch the uk ( or any other european country ) for congo or somalia with all the historical baggage that entails , do you think you would 've done better ? 
  yes , i would pay if it guaranteed my expectation of privacy . 
  better yet , companies should be regulated so that they state in clear and understandable language that if you choose to use a `` free '' service you 'd end up paying with your personal data anyway . 
  privacy on the internet is a human right and it should be treated accordingly . 
  the lack thereof is an infringement of your civil liberties . 
  it can also indirectly impact your ability to exercise free speech . 
  each and every bit of personal data that 's collected can be used against you at some point : you do n't agree with your government and want to become an activist ? 
  you ca n't because the government has data about your porn browsing habits and they 'll use that to discredit you . 
  i 'm overstating , but you get the idea . 
  privacy is not some service that can be regulated by the free market . 
  it is a right and it should be protected . 
  i do n't know what you mean by that . 
  i would n't call the deals the eu negotiates fast by any stretch of the imagination . 
  a fast deal is usually a bad deal for one of the sides involved . 
  in trade agreements local food and agricultural produce are almost always sectors of contention or are outright red lines . 
  food safety is important and we should definitely keep standards high , as long as that 's backed up by science . 
  one thing that 's causing the mistrust in this area is that the american way of regulating is `` allow it unless there 's proof that it 's unsafe '' vs the european way of `` do n't allow it until it 's proven that it 's safe '' . 
  on the other reasons related to trademarks and rules of origin , i guess it 's to prevent undercutting of local producers , something that i 'm sure the us does as well . 
  it 's either his dogmatic obsession in the belief that romania is a shitty country ( which i doubt ) , or he can not grasp the fact that other people have views and that he does n't have the absolute authority in everything romanian . 
  there are lots of us who appreciate outside views , especially when they 're positive . 
  i hope that you had a good time here and that you 'll be visiting again soon . 
  yeah , he 's totally not getting it . 
  poland is eastern europe all day . 
   but i 'm sure a two-party system helps - no communist or fascist judges . 
  that practically means that politics in the us have always been pretty centrist , and that view also drips over to the judges of the supreme court . 
  i still think that having the judiciary politically subservient is fundamentally wrong - your luck so far is that you have n't had a government operating in the extremes of politics . 
  your new president does n't look promising , though . 
  i hope he does n't get to name any new judge during what 's left of his administration . 
  again , not sure if we 're on the same page here . 
  every judicial decision has to be motivated . 
  i do n't know any specifics of that law in the polish legal system , but if it was blocked by the constitutional court , that block has to be motivated . 
  you should go read up on the decision , and see why it 's not constitutional . 
  any government that sees a ruling against it as a declaration of war is a very dangerous government to have in charge . 
   so yeah - judicary system can have a lot of indirect influence on country policies . 
  that 's what it 's designed to do !, 
  just look at the us travel ban that was blocked , and later watered down by the supreme court . 
  that 's why autocrats hate the judiciary . 
  one thing it can not do , and i 'm repeating this one more time - is to create and pass laws by itself . 
  deleted my earlier post , since i missed your flair and thought that we were talking about poland . 
  more to your point , the us supreme court system is flawed , albeit not broken . 
  it is far from independent from political influence , but until now its standard of ruling has been pretty high . 
  i presume that has to do with the fact that there has always been a balanced number of judges with liberal/moderate/conservative views in its ranks . 
  if that was intentional or not , i do n't know . 
  but it just takes someone to abuse it and you 'll get to see its systemic weakness . 
  let 's hope that wo n't happen anytime soon . 
   i know what you mean . 
  but right now it is just one goalspot match . 
  the only laws that can pass throug judicary system would be formed by current opposition . 
  there is no legal way now to advance country in any other direction than liberal democracy ( west eu ) . 
  every other option would be blocked . 
  do you have any examples of that ? 
   they demanded from president to take vovs from judges that in his eyes were chosen wrongly . 
  also pervious head of constitutional court on many occasions called for opposition aggaint legislature actions . 
  that 's their right as long as they 're an independent institution within the state . 
  also , calling for opposition against the actions of the legislature does n't mean ** proposing new laws ** . 
  it means that they see those laws as being against the constitution , the primary law of the land . 
  every court motivates its decision - you should read up on their motivations and see why they were ruling that way . 
  your preferred way of doing this ( as is the governments ' , it appears ) is to shut up anyone who does n't agree with your values . 
  a democracy needs to always be in the ropes - you always need to have some sort of opposition ready to put pressure on those in power . 
  otherwise , you 'd only have a one party state whose will is supreme whether you like it or not . 
  remember how good those days were around this part of europe ? 
   really made me think how suddenly we 've been having these ( very-organized , some would say forced ) pro-eu marches across eastern europe , it 's like there 's something there who wants to divide the people ... that statement would go well with this [ tinfoil hat ] ( https://www.amazon.com/electro-deflecto-unisex-foil-size/dp/b01i497jam ) you can buy for only $ 9,99 !, 
  too bad it 's not in stock anymore - it 's been in really high demand around these parts lately . 
   ( this happened before in poland - when law allowed nobility to do what they want and was constructed in the way that nobody could do a thing to change it ) . 
  that 's a tenuous link . 
  you can not compare the legal system of a hundred years ago with that of a modern state . 
  if you read up further on other basic concepts on the separation of powers , you 'll see that the judiciary can not intervene in the legislative - they can only rule on the law or the constitution . 
  so they can not impose their `` personal beliefs '' on anyone - they can , however , keep the government in check if they break criminal laws , or block new bills only if they 're against the constitution , but they can not propose or change the law themselves . 
  think of the courts as a safety valve against major backtracking of democratic values , which is exactly what i suspect your government is planning on doing . 
  they 're probably preparing to bring in laws that are clearly in conflict with the constitution and they want control of the courts to make sure they do n't have any institutional opposition . 
  to be honest , no amount of partisan politics should be an excuse to destroy the core system of a democratic state . 
  who 's to say that the ones now in government wo n't abuse their newly found powers after they `` cleanse '' the courts of these so-called ex-communists ? 
  is there any sunset clause that says law and order will be reinstated after the `` reforms '' will end ? 
  i do n't think so . 
   but untill now we had a judicary system that no one had control over and as such corruption and nepotism runned wild in it . 
  you know that 's the whole point of an independent judiciary , do n't you ? 
  they should be self-governing and be separated from the legislative and executive branches . 
  that 's the basic concept of separation between the powers of the state . 
  if you remove that , you can no longer call yourself a democracy . 
  more to the point , the reason why the judiciary needs to be independent is so that it can check power abuses of the government - if now you get judges appointed by the legislature or the executive that check basically goes away and you 'll only get pro-government rulings in the courts . 
  and that , in even simpler terms , means that the government gets to do what the fuck it wants and nobody will be there to stop them . 
  ceta 's ids courts . 
  yes , the hungarian minority in romania are called [ sz\u00e9kelys / secui ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sz%c3%a9kelys ) . 
  they were most likely settled as border guards in the area to protect what was then the eastern border of the medieval hungarian empire . 
   traditional romanian dish not a traditional romanian dish .
