it 's about domination , not necessarily trust . 
  and fights for domination in nature ( e.g. 
  in packs for the alpha position ) are often violent . 
  there are other ways to dominate animals , but at that time violence was the most common one . 
  if the dog 's pulled from a ring through its nose and is trained through beating and starvation , yes , i do . 
  roma being a considerable part of those millions . 
  also , some form of godwin 's law must apply here . 
  unless you have any serious health problems or are significantly overweight , there 's nothing to worry about and no hiking experience is necessary . 
  it 's an easy constant downward path to the sea . 
  there are plenty of water sources on the way and even a little shop half way through . 
  there are also rangers with mules along the path that can carry you to the port in case of a sprained ankle or other injury . 
  it 's beautiful and you wo n't regret it . 
  my tips are for around the chania area , where i come from . 
  there are several wonderful gorges . 
  samaria being the most famous one and the longest one in europe . 
  a bus from chania drives to omal\u00f3s ( the starting point ) several times during the early morning hours and at the end of the gorge ( about 5-7 hours later depending on your pace ) you can get the boat to either sfaki\u00e1 or to so\u00fagia and from there take the bus back to chania . 
  better take an early bus so that you wo n't have to hurry at the end . 
  the last boat to sfaki\u00e1 is around 5:30 pm and to so\u00fagia around 5:00 pm . 
  i usually carry a sleeping bag with me and spend the night at the beach in so\u00fagia taking the morning bus to chania ( aroung 7am ) . 
  another nice gorge is ar\u00e1dena . 
  reachable by bus from chania . 
  around a 3 hour hike through the gorge to the beach ( m\u00e1rmara ) and then another 3,5 hour hike eastwards along the shore to sfaki\u00e1 . 
  when i did this one i did a late afternoon hike through the gorge , ate in the evening at the taverna on a cliff at the beach , spent the night under the stars and had pleanty of time for the eastward hike along the shore to enjoy the two little villages ( reachable only by boat ) and the sweet-water beach where an underground river flows into the sea . 
  nice sandy beaches are fal\u00e1sarna and elafon\u00edsi . 
  the boat trip to grambousa ( from kissamos , reachable by bus from chania ) and the subsequent stop for a swim at b\u00e1los is also a nice day trip . 
  i absolutely suggest a visit to a small tavern hidden in the mountains called [ '' \u039c\u03b7\u03bb\u03b9\u03ac '' ] ( http://www.milia.gr/en/ ) , but you need a car to reach it ( and plenty of courage for the last 2kms , if you 're not used to the roads there ) . 
  it can be easily combined with a visit to the aforementioned elafonisi which is only about 45 mins away . 
  some nice wilder beaches are [ ravdo\u00facha ] ( https://maps.google.com/maps?q=35.534841,23.725002&amp;num=1&amp;t=h&amp;z=18 ) and [ kedr\u00f3dasos ] ( https://maps.google.com/maps?q=35.269624,23.558334&amp;num=1&amp;t=h&amp;z=17 ) , though the last one might be prove hard to find the way to . 
  well , since the us are n't in europe they had to find someone . 
  unless you drop in a craving for gyros and smoking and end up a nice shade of yellow . 
  syriza in greece is actually far from radical left . 
  they 're similar to `` die linke '' in germany . 
  there 's no communism in their agenda and they were pro euro from the beginning . 
  however since they are against the austerity measures mandated by the e.u. 
  and blame them for the abysmal current state of greece , the german media like calling them radical-left and anti-eu . 
   making an example of the swiss is exactly the kind of thing that could turn british public opinion against the eu when was the british public opinion ever in favour of the eu ? 
  the olympics of 2004 were indeed in greece . 
  it did help certain construction firms . 
  now most of the facilities built exclusively for the olympics ( especially those for sports rather unknown/unpopular in greece ) are abandoned and slowly falling into ruin . 
  things could have been done differently , but long-term planing requires a different mindset and politics in greece is unfortunately extremely short-sighted . 
  you do n't need a moon when you * are * a moon . 
  i live in stuttgart and in my first years ( late 90 's ) i would often find orange-juice labeled `` apfelsinensaft '' . 
  but i have n't come across it recently . 
  it was probably sarcasm , because seriously , those statistics are mainly sensationalist and do n't say as much as they seem to . 
  i 'm sorry but this discussion is not leading anywhere . 
  i get what you 're claiming , but you do n't get into the points i made . 
  i 'd have to repeat too much of what i said in my previous posts ( e.g. 
  meeting in the middle does n't mean add and divide by two in that case ; you just assumed so ) . 
  yes , i get it . 
  uk does n't want to give up any control . 
  the neo-liberal uk business model is going to suffer ( the so-called free market ) . 
  they only want an open market where they can push their products and services . 
  they only want more customers . 
  but that 's not the vision that the rest of europe has . 
  it 's only beneficial for the strong economies . 
  and as long as uk sticks to that mentality the divide between them and the rest of europe is going to grow . 
  | no , it 's an argument for opting out of it or the eu altogether since they 're struggling terribly to reform it . 
  yes , you choose flight instead of fight . 
  ** holiday leave . 
  ** you did nothing to address my argument , so i 'll rephrase myself . 
  holiday leave is not paid leave . 
  you just choose to view it so , because it 's convenient for you ( as an employer , may i presume ? ) . 
  the employer pays for a certain service per year , divided in 12 ( or 13 or 14 etc ) salaries . 
  holiday leave is an amount of days per year contractually agreed upon by employer and employee that are not included in what the employer is paying for . 
  that 's it . 
  it 's not a favour the employer does . 
  how sick days are managed is another issue . 
  the courts have decided that the employer carries the burden and it 's a matter of ideology . 
  there 's no right and wrong . 
  i tend to agree with the court ruling , though a distribution among employer , employee and insurer might have been fairer . 
  yes , you are being pedantic about car insurance , because you assumed he did the math wrong . 
  well the car insurances did the math wrong ( deliberately of course ) , because according to simple maths the male premiums should have been even lower and the female ones not raised that much according to the ratio of the insured male and female drivers . 
  about the french , you are being condescending . 
  do you claim to know what powers may or may not have lobbied against protection measures ? 
  maybe ( probably ) some french themselves decided to bring up the issue before the court , because their government closed its eyes to the problem . 
  the exact example is irrelevant . 
  a higher authority is often needed when the lower ones do not act the way they should . 
  that 's one of the reasons there are so many levels of justice . 
  the ejc is one level more on the top . 
  i only addressed your ejc arguments because i found them rather weak . 
  hell , most of the ejc rulings you brought up were n't even that bad . 
  i actually agree with them . 
  if that 's the worst , then it could very easily get better . 
  my main concern with the eu is the strong capitalistic direction that germany is taking abandoning slowly the social state of the past decades and germany has the strongest voice within the eu at the moment . 
  i did not address the original question of the discussion because i find it pointless . 
  it all boils down to whether one is willing to invest in the eu giving up a certain amount of control in order to join something bigger than themselves with all the benefits and downsides this comes with . 
  uk does n't because as you argue you believe the downsides are not worth the benefits and in the case of uk it might be true . 
  switzerland also is n't part of the eu and the actual reasons are not that different . 
  the reason i posted 3 days past is because this got posted in / r/depthhub as an insightful discussion ( which i believe it is ) . 
  those are arguments for the improvement of the ecj . 
  not for its abolition . 
  fight or flight ? 
  it 's flight what you seem to support . 
  others choose fight . 
  ** paid vacation . 
  ** there 's no paid vacation . 
  there 's an annual salary for all the working days of the year minus a certain amount ( 24 is the minimum within the eu afaik ) . 
  when you get sick the ecj decided that those days do not count against that amount . 
  simple as that . 
  it could have ruled otherwise .
