hey !, 
  for it 's price oettinger beer is actually quite good . 
  there are very few bad beers in germany . 
  it all comes down to personal flavor . 
  well so the only problem seems to me that they never wa n't to take the head piece of . 
  but actually our laws already cover that do n't they ? 
  how is it a security concern ? 
  well . . i think it does not have to do with police brutality but rather with increasing amount of rudeness and violence in the streets , and the police not being able to do anything about it . 
  if you call the police in bremen ( where i live ) you probably have to wait at least half an hour till they show up . 
  so what does it help you if you are in immediate danger ? 
  and when the crime is done you have to go through juridical prosecution , wich costs money and time , and is probably stressfull . 
  other than that the police really likes to take your drivers license or money . 
  so well . 
  so basically , if you are a righteous citizen , the police is really bad at helping you but is really efficent at hurting you . 
  i can only speak for germany , but here there is not a lot of racism towards black people i guess ( i 'm not sure but i am not experiencing it at all ) the only times i 've noticed it was from turkish people . 
  and to be honest i do n't see any reason for it . 
  99.9 % of the black people i 've met here are really nice people . 
  they sometimes are a little bit loud , but that 's about it . 
  ( not a problem most times , but sometimes it is , for example when it is at night and in the neighborhood ), 
  i learned about `` brudi '' when i heard someone say it in a livestream . 
  i like it because i do n't feel like getting screwed over , like i do when someone i barely know , calls me `` bruder '' . . 
  thanks . 
  yeah . 
  it sucks big time . 
  well . . maybe they do . 
  but the people here are totally brainwashed by the media too , and not educated about how the world really works . 
  so what does it matter in the end . 
  i can imagine . 
  although it is not as bad here in germany , i ca n't really do much to change the government too . 
  you think it 's funny but wait till he invades greece . 
  of course to save the suppressed turks who are about to get thrown into the concentration camps . 
  the iraqi actually are quite diligant people . 
  this is sarcasm , right ? 
  it 's so sad . 
  and they are all getting played by the damned banksters . 
  amazing . 
  so sad , that we are just getting played . 
  it was just a joke the whole time . 
  please open your eyes . 
  what can the police do , if the justice system does n't work ? 
  yeah what are they doing there ? 
  you still do n't get it . 
  our police ca n't do the job anymore . 
  what does that mean if the `` immigration '' goes on this way ? 
  so what competencys are they missing ? 
  enlighten me please . 
  by the way ... you do n't understand the urgency of the situation . 
  our police is losing control of the situation . 
  considering the situation we are in , it would be insane to not vote afd . 
  but that 's what germans of today are , once more ... insane . 
  yeah . 
  they play this game since long time ago . 
  oh please wake up already . 
  the `` class '' warfare is the main problem almost everywhere . 
  but it is only 2 `` classes '' . 
  they and us . 
  but how would that work out for russia in the end ? 
  nato would 've been able to build up massive forces in ukraine then . 
  he is confusing lower saxony with saxony, 
  what do you mean with `` fringe right '' ? 
  i think they are horribly misguided . 
  brainwashed and such ... a co-worker of mine , told me that she is doing work for them for free . 
  hmm . 
  wow . 
  with the current situation , i would rather live on that island to be honest . 
  yeah right . 
  next thing is they want *** food or what . 
  i think that is not true . 
  i 'd even say , i figure screaming parents are more likely than screaming children . 
  this sub is so weird . 
  but fun too . 
  what do they mean with `` migrants '' ? 
  they mean `` asylum seekers '' , right ? 
  yeah . . right :d, 
  i am thinking `` what/who/how are they going to screw over this time ? '', 
  ok . how else can you interpret that slogan ? 
  haha . 
  how about antifa ? 
  one of their slogans is `` no human is illegal ! '', 
  wich basically means that everyone from the world can come here to live as they like, 
  no i do n't apologize terrorism . 
  but let me ask you this : when was the last time you went to a demonstration to protest against crimes from western companies , or governments ? 
  and did you eat that day ? 
  the thing is ... if i were a peacefull living muslim , and someone tells me i have to protest against western induced islamic terrorism , and on top of that during ramadan ... am i motivated to do that ? 
  no i think i personally would not be . 
  but never the less , i as a german would appreciate such a move . 
  no . . it 's not . 
  if i were a muslim i would n't plan such a rally for the time during ramadan . 
  these people really exist . 
  medieval warmth period ? 
  big time wine farming in germany ? 
  locusts pest in germany ? 
  look at the flag again . 
  think . 
  if nothing changes for you , hover over the flag , read again . 
  think . 
  repeat until you notice something . 
  also ... even if i am from saxony , what does that matter ? 
  i met nice people from there . 
  the other day i was visiting a festival and i used only beer as sunscreen .
