  bit optimistic , he wo n't even get on that, 
  these have been up for leverkusen and gomel already ... :p, 
  * sigh *, 
  i would n't . 
  mainly because * i 'm not from * the u.s. 
  but ... but ... pleasure beach :o, 
  everyone saying ` but we already have carroll !!, 
  ! 111 '' , please realise , it 's not that simple . 
  rodgers wants players who can move in and out of the front positions with ease and switch . 
  do you really think that 's the type of formation that carroll can get used to ? 
  bargain for another club , pay 5 million , and get his ` corners worth 10 million ' !, 
  i 'll be by your side , bretherin . 
  gah , thanks for the response anyway mate , 
  we overpaid for carroll vastly , sure , but now we 're trying to correct that and move on . 
  more than possible , we just do n't want him, 
  [ i made a variation of this comment too !, 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/sl792/whats_the_most_infamous_thing_youve_ever_done/c4ew14p ), 
  truman show is my most pointless one . 
  it looks alright , yeah , but for me , it just seemed like a pointless film to put on blu-ray . 
  i guess it 's that i have an idea in my head that blu ray 's are there for big special effect films like avatar and stuff . 
  shame it 's from an unreliable source ... 
  piers morgan and the government ( uk ), 
  magic : the gathering cards . 
  my god the money spent . . 
  coca cola vanilla was discontinued in the uk , so now i 'd need to order it at a stupid price . 
  but man that shit was some delicious drinkin ', 
  `` i was the one who let the dogs out '', 
  he works for * talksport * , would n't hold your breath folks . 
  what do you like on your sandwiches ? 
  favourite sandwich ? 
  same !, 
  i really enjoy it too , first time i seen it i was quite confused at some of the scenes , because let 's be honest , it 's pretty fucking weird in places, 
  most anime openings i 've seen are pretty awesome , especially high school of the dead, 
  adam and spearing alone would buy dempsey easily . 
  yes . 
  he has a year left , does dempsey , and he 's burned all bridges with his club, 
  thanking you !, 
  oh god not again with my boner . 
  really doubt it , we 'll go for dempsey and/or walcott . 
  same goes for your name, 
  i go to a hairdressers because my parents prefer it from there , and in there it 's all women and i do n't think i 'd be able talk about football like you enjoy the pleasure of :(, 
  i was shocked with the commercials when i went there too !, 
  it seems so mental to have ad breaks just afer the intro , and just before the ending rather than once in the middle . 
  where i live ( northern england ) , op 's verdict seems to be very correct . 
  overall there 's a relatively strong dislike for americans . 
  but hey , everyone in the north hates everyone in the south of england and pretty much everyone else !, 
  got a link pal ? 
  this one was weird . 
  at least i think this is the right one , i 'm too pansy to rewatch it http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-5489018464221065117, 
  we fucked them about , ca n't blame them . 
  we 've had a bad enough day as it is :(, 
  regardless , it scared me, 
  the thread itself is nsfw , did n't it necessary . 
  ) fortunately i do n't have one , i found it on reddit a few moons ago, 
  kumar , is that you ? 
  honestly i do n't think he 's pro united , but in my slightly biased view , he 's a bit anti-liverpool . 
  someone 's had a bad day . 
  putting in a good show today so far . 
  stay in and sob quietly, 
  did n't for me . 
  maybe if you do n't use any cream it will, 
   i have n't touched a bit of wood since i took it just over a year ago . 
   bit of wood, 
   since i took it just over a year ago, 
  i ca n't have been the only one to nearly piss themselves laughing ? 
  shitty_watercolour giving it to andrewsmith1984, 
  it 's okay , you got messi . 
  how much semen there is on csi . 
  seriously , do murderers just ejaculate on corpses or what ? 
  ( yes i recently watched superbad , it opened my eyes to the sheer levels of semen on csi ), 
  he 's not worth the price , never has been . 
  but a striker is better than no striker . 
  lennon 's trippin ' , i am the walrus . 
  marmite ? 
  what type of sick bastard are you ? 
  because he 's pedantic, 
  owners probably wo n't let us sign a free agent due to the # # # . 
  ca n't see the harm if we get someone on pay as you play mind . 
  i think the fact jeremy hunt is the new health secretary is a big enough problem in itself, 
  a quick lick on my monitor and i can confirm this . 
  can i call you daddy from now on ? 
  it was wonderful here ( uk ) , until our current government have got their hands on it . 
  basically our current govt . 
  are the conservative party , whom have n't been in power in a while . 
  obviously they edge towards big businesses and want to privatise the health care system , so their plan is basically to cut off funding to the nhs , then say ` omg it sux we shud privatise it !!!! 1111 '' . 
  today in a cabinet reshuffle jeremy hunt was made health care secretary , who other than being a complete cunthole , despises the nhs and wants to make it private etc. 
  tl ; dr tory cunts be trippin ', 
  kindly piss off , i am no mans !, 
  he needs to be the main man in midfield per-se , he was good here until gerrard came into the side . 
  then he just fell to pieces , it 's important that you have a damn good defense with this guy in the side , he 'll lose possession quite easily . 
  very much a motd type player . 
  i.e attempt 10 massive long passes , but only completes one or two etc, 
  think of all the shit chemicals they 'd pump into it too , like nicotine or whatever to get you hooked . 
  i dread to think what the ceremony will be ... 
  i think it might be a ` hey guys , blame jeremy hunt for our failures/killing the nhs , not me . 
  sincerely yours , david cameron . '', 
  his wage is mad though , benny 's . 
  not worth that much . 
  he already played for us . 
  he was n't very good , we were the turning point in his career , afterwards his career just has n't been the same .
