  we did n't play well , and boy do we need our defenders back . 
  not just sakho , but enrique , though cissokho had an okay game , he 's still hopeless . 
  we need a lot of work , we 're so lax in possession , and always look to boot it after our little pass about at the back . 
  blame toure by all means , he was awful , but coutinho lost it all afternoon , should have came off a lot earlier, 
  think sterling needs a new shirt , the wba team wanted to pull it off him all match, 
  not cork . 
  rodriguez possibly , maybe lambert . 
  needs more than that to make the england squad, 
  i loved admiral adama from battlestar galactica , he 's up there with jean luc picard, 
  montpellier 's win was n't bad either, 
  to them , america is the world !, 
  i 'm not agreeing with the other poster , but i think it 's fair to say he 's in a less competitive league , where it 's easier to stand out, 
  he 's in battlestar galactica too , and plays possibly the best character, 
  same in the uk . 
  my mum and da are religious in name only , they 've not been church in decades other than funerals and weddings and stuff , me , my brother and sister are atheist . 
  but it 's not something that really ever comes up in conversation or anything . 
  sort of have the thought of ` who cares ? ', 
  the idea of having to ` come out ' as atheist is mind boggling . 
  we brought on allen because cou was awful , and kept losing the ball . 
  should have done it sooner . 
  i agree we need new wingers , but left back is still priority , we have plenty of cover in defence , its just those players not looking very good very often, 
  might do , might not . 
  all i know is we 're poor from set pieces , which has nothing to do with our midfield 's turnover, 
  but how else will the colonies be able to contribute to a topic about the uk ? 
  just like the bloody it crowd quotes that get constantly rehashed . 
  born there, 
  great public transport ? 
  maybe the rest of europe , but not the uk . 
  they 'd be like time capsules , with toys from the mid 2000 's, 
  they 're nice , at first , but they really made me feel sick after the second one . 
  i could n't eat them unless they had been in the fridge about 2 hours, 
  they 're too expensive for what you get , but goddamn they 're good, 
  would it not be that now they 're missing out on that # # # they 're changing their seats to arse fans as they knowb they 'll pay the # 93 ? 
  not sure if this is accurate , ca n't read the article since i 'm at work, 
  you should write the m&s adverts, 
  northumbria , or newcastle uni was it by any chance ? 
  learned about him through fm ( sorry ) , if he 's half as good as he is in that , he 'll be very good . 
  seen him a few times , he does look promising, 
  well if dany did retake the throne by conquest , then targs would regain the right to the throne again . 
  but as it is , the targs have no right to the throne . 
  it 's the same for any house if they seized the throne by conquest, 
  it would still be his daughter , shireen . 
  boys are first in line , but since stannis has none it would pass to shireen . 
  if he did n't want shireen to take it , he 'd have to legitimise a bastard , so potentially edric storm or gendry , as they 're his brother 's bastards, 
  [ theory speculation ] ( #b `` still think patchface has something to do with the drowned god '' ), 
  half of westeros, 
  cheshire here , it 's quite a nice day . 
  few drops of rain , quite a clear sky, 
  to be fair , on your buses you seem to be a bit more talkative with strangers , whereas here in england it 's a case of ` thank the driver , ignore everyone else ', 
  no problem in the north west mate . 
  quite a nice day, 
  i get the not calling you british , but the queen is still relevant to canada , whereas it 's not to roi, 
  get that kid on dragon 's den, 
  gosling 's outstanding in blue valentine too, 
  to be honest i do n't remember masch getting too many cards , even though he was such a defensive player, 
  that is n't too bad , considering the tackles he went for , and the amount . 
  he probably had a great tackle success rate, 
  man marking would be awful dangerous , considering how deep he comes and plays in the midfield often to get involved . 
  if kos follows him , big gaps open , if he does n't , suarez 'll get on the ball and make things happen, 
  do n't agree with this . 
  our defence is n't bad , but our entire current first choice back four is injured right now . 
  we could do with some more defensive cover possibly , but we do have wisdom and robinson out on loan . 
  i 'm not sure if robinson will stay with us , but wisdom will definitely return next season . 
  with him , we would just then need another winger , and another centre midfielder . 
  a winger and centre mid is all we really need right now , we would n't need to sell suarez to pay for those two . 
  we made such a big fuss about that new train line or whatever it was , when it 's still about half as quick as the one currently in japan , and we wo n't even start building it for a couple of years , and then it 'll take a few years to build !, 
  honestly ca n't see you signing kroos , vidal , or gundogan . 
  bloody hate ` pool nazi 's ' who do n't get off the table all night even though someone else has put their marker down . 
  happened on saturday , 11pm , me and my mate feeling jolly wanted a game of pool , his girlfriend and her mate decided the same , we both put markers down , and some small ginger cunt just said ` it 's winner stays on ' , this guy 's been in the pub every saturday for about 2 years just playing game after game of pool with some other bloke . 
  when we started our game , he did n't half get in a huff . 
  they 'll leave their cue on the side , then when people use it they go fucking mental . 
  like , you left it there , it 's not their mistake you cunt, 
  think it 'll be because if it wa n't labelled as 24 hr no one would realise it was open some nights late on , even if it 's not 24 hr every day, 
  you should n't do this clothed, 
  have to say , that 's a very odd choice of band to compare one direction to . 
  normally the beatles , jefferson airplane definitely not the first name to come to mind, 
  has russell howard left now ? 
  might have to start watching it again !, 
  ca n't stand that guy . 
  shouting the punchline really does n't make you any funnier , russell . 
  to be fair , in the early parts of the book series , she 's not as likeable as she becomes . 
  i 'd expect sophie turner to really start turning it on a bit more now . 
  i 'm such a confused mix of happy and ecstatic and confused . 
  first and foremost , give brendan a new contract !, 
  i love the puppet , slappy . 
  finally played ** brutal legend ** even though i 've had it in my backlog for absolute years . 
  it was really quite fun , enjoyed it . 
  thought it 'd be a beat-em-up but the rts/rpg elements caught me off guard and i enjoyed it quite a bit . 
  bellamy 's one of the rare breed of people who does n't have a neck, 
  yeah i finished it , i know what you mean , i ran out of steam towards the end , but i hate finishing games unfinished once i started them so i forced myself :p, 
  i 'd buy the shit out of that, 
   english spelling is pretty much the most retarded spelling of any european language, 
  speak spanish then !, 
  it does n't bother me , as long as he scores . 
  heck , no one 's celebration bugs me if it 's for my team . 
   we 're going to fucking win . 
  quote me on it . 
  that man ? 
  albert einstein . 
  beautiful .
