  firstly , you ca n't list smaller players and then say it 's not physical . 
  post some stats and then we 'll talk . 
  mental thing is you 've listed some players like alexis sanchez who is incredibly physical , and not small at all . 
  i 've heard it said , british intelligence , american logistics , and russian lives won the war, 
  i get where you 're coming from , but you could argue the americans claim on winning the war is tarnished by the fact it took an attack on home soil before getting involved after mass genocide in europe . 
  what the uk and france done was awful , it really was , but as the responder to op said , it was really a conjoined effort , without any of the allies , it could have been very different . 
  and china , france , greece , canada , australia et al. 
  lots of people * still * are nazi 's, 
   plenty of premier league fans think neymar nor messi wont make it in premier league, 
  no , they do n't . 
  you do know the whole ` on a rainy wednesday in stoke ' is a joke , right ? 
  if neymar or messi played in england they 'd dominate it , of course they would . 
  also there 's a difference between being 62kg/1 .69 m and being strong/weak , and that 's down to mental abilities , too . 
  go ed then mate . 
  get the lineups up . 
  all these streams are dying, 
  packing the midfield , me . 
  cabaye could be a bargain this year i reckon . 
  and milner only costs 7 . 
  genuinely think illori will be in the side by november, 
  against stoke of all teams , too, 
  milner 's cross field passes are immense . 
  he made an account just for it , too . 
  what a whopper . 
  de bruyne wo n't care , he moved and is now hot shit . 
  if he goes city , he 'll go there as a starter . 
  bizarre state of affairs when at one point him scoring once in a game was actually lowering his goals per game ratio ... 
  he 's a bit raw still . 
  but half of our team is , to be honest . 
  i do n't expect firminho to start vs stoke to be honest . 
  i think facebook will be the one which sticks to be honest . 
  plenty have died , and facebook may lose the sheer amount of users , but i think it 'll last a lot longer than 10 years . 
  what if they 're left handed ? 
   europeans are the worst . 
  well , obviously . 
  a lot of us do n't think about it . 
  are you saying kyleclaarrk20 's word is n't good enough for you ? 
  i live in widnes , and i 've never even heard of this . 
  just had to google it, 
  not tomorrow , monday night in widnes is bowling night . 
  # 1 pints , # 1 games . 
  bit shite to be honest . 
  but once you 're 8 pints in and you 've only spent # 12 you could n't care less to be fair, 
  1995 has some terrible movies . 
  ca n't find many . 
  se7en is the only one i can think of , and it 's not really a horror movie . 
  with golden goal it could just get to the point where they 're just completely exhausted and then the players are far more likely to pick up injuries . 
  `` milan prepare to bring on 7 ' 3 now in the 129th minute of the match '', 
  every team would have one sub who is a monster, 
  if it was n't for aaron cresswell i 'd agree with you, 
  i 've got nothing against them at all . 
  out of the current ` top ' world sides , i prefer them to madrid and barca . 
  now this is controversial . 
  what 's your reasoning ? 
  any and all of wes anderson 's in the last ten years . 
  moonrise kingdom and gbh come to mind . 
  really loved drive 's soundtrack , and i would n't give it a perfect score , but mad max 's soundtrack was great . 
  when i got a digital radio it changed my world . 
  on my presets i 've got absolute 90 's , absolute 80 's , absolute radio , planetrock , radio 2 , 6music . 
  when i 've seen him he 's a complete monster . 
  re ; demands , how high can they be for a player in the championship?what were they, 
  or making him vice captain . 
  if rafa can keep them happy enough , some of madrid 's counter attacks are going to be ridiculous this year . 
  well he turned us around ... 
  he 's just a fat bugger , loves his pie too much that / u/kerbalspaceanus, 
  it was very common knowledge for people who worked on the beeb . 
  the frustrating thing is , there 's plenty of clips of people alluding to it , but are quickly shut up , or moved on , on shows on the beeb . 
  i 'm struggling to find clips . 
  someone posted a montage on / r/unitedkingdom few months ago and i ca n't find it . 
  nvm - found it !, 
  [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xeb9zxffqae ), 
  [ bill oddie ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6eqlwhf8z8 ), 
  did n't mention mourinho , we were talking about rafa, 
  rumours of digne, 
  yeah , but the comment was targeted specifically at benitez . 
  because they 're middle class in a foreign country . 
  there 's no evidence she was even kidnapped , either . 
  they went to get bevvied , came back , their daughter was gone . 
  anyone else wondering , apparently ` ya ' books are young aged books . 
  heart shaped box , house of leaves , life of pi , asoiaf , hitchhikers guide to the galaxy ,, 
  post office by bukowski is hilarious . 
  it 's basically a biography of his life , but all he does it drink , hate life and hurt people . 
  i just think it 's a tell tale of an american , really . 
  if he can keep your stars happy , and limits his rotation , i 'd be prepared for a good year . 
  i do n't like madrid , but i love rafa . 
  you 're gon na go very far in the champions league , he was so so good here in europe . 
  not op , but i 'm doing a software engineering course at uni . 
  third year is a sandwich year working in the industry . 
  when i leave uni , what are the chances i 'll get a job in the field ? 
  i know it depends on the person . 
  do you have a degree ? 
  i still think he 's our best manager we 've had in 20 years . 
  he took a team that had some quality , but was packed with average players , under david moores ( did n't have huge money at all ) . 
  first year we finished fifth but got that amazing cl win . 
  the guy took us from a team that did n't normally finish in the top four , to at one point the top rated team in all of europe . 
  hicks and gillette gave him plenty of money in their first year , but that quickly stopped and rafa had to buy cheaper players , and could n't get a full squad of quality , but we still had a starting 11 full of quality . 
  he made some mistakes transfer-wise , the whole barry/xabi thing , and aquilani , but every manager does . 
  tactically , he was almost always spot-on , especially in europe . 
  i got downvoted on / r/liverpoolfc for saying the football under rafa was better than under rodgers , but i genuinely believe it was . 
  it was a bit * different * , but still entertaining and effective .
