  came here to say this . 
  laputa was my favourite ghilbi film, 
  i 've done philosophy at a-level , got my last two exams in the next fortnight . 
  personally , from my experiences of it , it 's a really good subject . 
  it 'll help to open your mind , learn about different ethical systems et al. 
  i 'd really recommend it , some stuff , like plato 's cave , were just wonderful to learn about and so relevant in today 's society . 
  i was worried when i took it it 'd be like re throughout secondary school , but it 's really not , this is actually interesting . 
  if we had to do more philosophical stuff throughout re , i 'd have actually enjoyed it in school . 
  ( see , philosophy would help to remove these comments ) , philosophy would help teach you there 's nothing wrong with bar work , if that 's what you want to do , do whatever the heck you wan na do and do n't give a shit what people think . 
  i 'll be 18 in a month 's time . 
  to some , that means they 'll go out and drink , go clubbing etc , to me , all that means is i 'll stay in my room , drink , sob , and watch supernatural . 
  it 'd help to look to other countries who have legalised it , portugal , uruguay etc , their society has not , infact , crumbled to pieces . 
  it 's perfectly fine . 
  i was always amazed by that , especially since you 's can drive at 16 , but have to wait another five years before booze . 
  maddening . 
  yup , summed it up well . 
  from what i 'm aware of via silmarillion , after morgoth 's destruction , the balrog 's scattered throughout places in the world , hence the morian one . 
  i 'm a bit curious though how long that particular balrog had been there , as it was occupied by the dwarves prior . 
  they 're only the lords though , so no one really takes them seriously , all they can do is delay a bill for a few years . 
  i enjoyed the first one , but everone went on saying the second was superior . 
  i did n't enjoy it , thought it was nothing compared to the first . 
  he only said that the top 2 places were n't far off . 
  everyone then jumped the gun . 
  perhaps , but still jumped the gun . 
  `` we lie four points off the top four , '' said rodgers . 
  `` for me the ambition is to grow higher . 
  we are 11 points off second and that can all turn around very quickly . '', 
  nope . 
  but i think that 's because we do n't have guns here . 
  duck dynasty . 
  pretty much . 
  look at tarantino , he makes films with few original ideas , but he puts them together so well , they work brilliantly . 
  originality is n't as important as quality . 
  to be fair though , we got him so he could help uncover some hidden talents , suarez was very famous before comolli went for him, 
  to be fair , half the stuff in / r/soccer is pretty stupid circlejerking often, 
  that 's one of the reasons jews have such a bad rep re ; money , too . 
  everyone thought of them as money-hungry bankers , when really it was the christians fault in the first place . 
  though i 'm pretty sure it says in the bible , all debts should be wiped off after about 7 years . 
  picking and choosing , ey . 
  i 'd be really surprised if they do n't make cl next season , some good teams in france no doubt , but players like falcao are a tier well above the competition from lyon and om , i 'd expect them to finish about 2/3 , especially if they keep ranieri, 
  did n't turn pro until he was 20 . 
  well this thread is going to end well, 
  yup , this is something i never realised until i 'd read the silmarillion . 
  i always thought of gandalf just as a man , who 's a wizard , i 'd never realised/thought about it , that he 'd be a god . 
  i was gon na , but i did n't expect it to sell out , when to finally buy them , and they were sold out !, 
  glad i did n't bother now :p, 
  selling fags brings in more tax then it costs the tax payers for fixing smoking related health problems . 
  from what i understand there is n't really a separation of church and state , though , is there ? 
  does n't the president have to say something about god when being made president ? 
  german is learning basic german , at least english you do some more difficult stuff rather than learning sentences in german like ` the ball was red ' . 
  i enjoyed analysing romeo and juliet , animal farm and stuff in english, 
  my physics teacher was arrested for touching a student . 
  them physicians , huh, 
  but that 's the point of the nhs , it 's a * national * health service , you might not like it , but it 's there for everyone in the uk , not just certain people with certain demographics . 
  in many ways , smokers are paying for their lung cancer treatment themselves , and more . 
  tax on fags is very high , and lung cancer does n't affect every smoker , so if anything it 's better for the nhs , as it brings in more than it puts out . 
  denying them treatment would be really harsh considering the money they help put into the nhs . 
  i 'm not going to continue this , i 'm a bit too tipsy to continue to debate . 
  we clearly do n't see eye-to-eye on this , so farewell fellow brit and good day, 
  unsubscribe from those subreddits then , it 's really easy . 
  almost all defaults are crap . 
  quick time event : the game . 
  my god , i feel so sorry for any muslims on reddit . 
  reddit 's hivemind is awful when it comes to islam . 
  claims to be forward thinking and liberal , then calls for murder for all muslims . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  if they ca n't fix their sound , how will they keep the system online 24/7 ? 
   hivemind, 
  not everyone on reddit . 
  / r/worldnews is awful for it , same for / r/atheism but that 's true for everything on atheism . 
  suarez is gone , and reina 's average at best nowadays, 
  monaco look like they 'll mean business too . 
  personally , i 'd rather falcao than ibrahimovic, 
  that was the most disappointing bit about him . 
  after a while , i thought , well he 's shite , but at least he 'll hopefully make some nice corners !, 
  ... not even once . 
  http://i.imgur.com/1epye7k.png he was more influential in celta 's goals last year * than messi * was for barca . 
  shame to see the downvotes though . 
  if it 's not a circlejerky over done bit of ` banter ' , i hate seeing them downvoted, 
  9/10 when a player states intention to leave , he leaves . 
  it 's not 100 % , but i can only see him staying if madrid 's new manager does n't want him . 
  even then , he could go bayern , possibly even juve or psg , or monaco . 
  as someone from the uk , i 'm all too familiar in feeling like that :p, 
  what are the games in the booth ? 
  waste of talent , sometimes for middlesborough he looked really good , but clearly did n't care enough for his football career, 
  not sure to be honest . 
  even if he only done it for a hobby , you 'd expect him to try harder , if not for him , but for the unlucky club that 's signed him !, 
  i mean bae does n't really like football , but at least he tries really hard, 
  haha , if you do n't try , you do n't get, 
  she should play jessica rabbit, 
  cheers so much mate !, 
  oh i know dude , i just compared them because they 're their ` key ' striker . 
  when asked by a journalist to have a quick word , strachan turned around and said ` velocity ' before walking off . 
  call him mickey, 
  i once sat on the loo and thought i was lord of westeros , sitting on the iron throne . 
  prefer dazed & confused, 
  looks like you need to * silence her permenantly *, 
  he learned spanish the other year and everyone was dead sure that he was moving to spain , when infact , he 's just quite the intellectual . 
  `` sorry to be the one to break it to you , but ... '', 
  agreed , especially on borini .
