  i masturbated to this . 
  i shall not lie . 
  [ d'aww ] ( http://t2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gctvlvfqzunlm_d2ixltzapeny69ty7akdaoyzalyzpfphwzoo_jjj7vffgyeg ), 
  afc liverpool , definitely . 
  close team , and essentially a ` spin-off ' , not disillusioned with high end premier league too . 
  do you stock a ; marvel ultimate alliance . 
  b ; beautiful katamari ? 
  if not , i 'm disappoint, 
  as a fellow brit , this is fucking stupid . 
  without american intervention , we probably would have either lost the war , or struggled for much , much longer . 
  in that case , i 'll have to nip in ... 
  as a cheshirer , i 'm okay with this . 
  otherwise , we 'd be fucked within a day or two ... 
  injured . 
  to be fair , football under roy was horrendous . 
  truly shocking . 
  at least with kenny we have decent football . 
  but as said , we 're not chelsea , we 're not going to rush into a sacking . 
  he has time to turn it around . 
  because he was n't a long term manager . 
  he was a stop-gap , forced upon us by the md. 
  there was no long term plan in there . 
  gives new meaning to the phrase * crispy . 
  i think people were content with our failure last season when we had n't spent anything . 
  100 million later , we 're struggling just as bad . 
  of course it 's cause for concern . 
  courage the cowardly dog . 
  fuck me that was some scary , amazing shit . 
   playing shit football, 
  what . 
  if you think they play shit football , then you clearly have n't watched them . 
  they play fantastic football , they always have a go , even though they 're shit . 
  they always pass it about and try to score . 
  i did n't say they scored a lot , did i ? 
  i simply said their football is entertaining , which is undeniable . 
  look at how they pass it about , it 's wonderful . 
  scoring does n't necessarily mean ` entertaining ' . 
  they play entertaining football , i never said they are prolific scorers , only their brand of football is superb . 
  that 's all . 
  they pass it around really well , as do norwich , and blackburn to a lesser extent . 
  actually if you watch the interview , you see it 's taken out of context quite a bit . 
  check stan collymore 's twitter for more info . 
  i must find this post and vote for it !, 
  [ question ] when is the release date in eu please ? 
  all shops have differing ones ... 
  bull.shit . 
  thoughts : do n't get it until the 30th in europe , so pissed off . 
  yeah , they tour quite a lot . 
  they 're actually pretty good . 
  basically , if you ever have to share work etc just make idle chit chat like `` oh , perhaps ... is the answer ? 
  '' , or when you sit down just say `` morning , how are you ? '' . 
  pretend to be stuck on work and ask for help etc. 
  john lennon - mother . 
  hopefully blood through some youngsters soon , and see if any are up for that task . 
  if that fails , sign a 30/40 million replacement =p, 
  do the same . 
  though sometimes , i bash them together and see which one is the strongest . 
  genuinely never heard this phrase , as an englishman, 
  unfortunately they 're all gone now ( i think ) , so i did n't get one . 
  but thanks for the sentiment !, 
  upvote for you, 
  what do you like on your sandwiches ? 
  this has made my day !, 
  thank you ever so much for answering !, 
  keep on kickin ' those zombies ' ass . 
  red dead redemption with pirates . 
  i think it 's more in context of the film , like if there 's a bigger meaning behind the film , they 'll let a few swears slip , but if it 's a film with no real meaning then they 'll get a higher rating , i think . 
  aston villa !, 
  2009 , we won them 4-0 at anfield . 
  on the way past a few of them told us `` the best team won !, 
  hope you go on and win the league afterall , you deserve it ! '', 
  then bought us beers . 
  reina , finnan , carragher , hyypia , riise ; alonso , mascherano , hamann , gerrard ; fowler , torres . 
  blah , quick go . 
  ryan babel , the most one footed player i 've ever seen anywhere , ever . 
  when he joined in ' 07 , he looked very good , then just got worse and worse until we sold him, 
  match should be called off now . 
  clearly neither side in the right mind to continue . 
  hell , that shook me up , and i 'm only watching on the tv . 
  fivelive reporting he 's fighting for his life . 
  good god . 
  to be honest , i find it beyond tacky that you give her a rating out of 10 . 
  percentage score was 13 % on a maths exam , but it was only an in-class piss about one , and i had a hangover at the time . 
  on a proper one which matters , my worst is a d. normally a pretty straight b student . 
  my dad worked on his house a few months ago , got his testimonial programme signed by him personally , and hung on my wall ^_^, 
  played pretty well today , held it up well, 
  the chest hair * is * actually a tattoo, 
   good advice requires all the details, 
  fair enough . 
   do n't want to waste a paragraph describing her every feature . 
  juxtaposition , much ? 
  it 's a long-term contract , but this will just give him a wage increase to keep him happy . 
  it 's no captain underpants though . 
  would not read rant again . 
  only small time teams concentrate on cup runs , league form is the priority , which has been horrible to see this season . 
  we need to set our priorities next season . 
  us office , adventure time , spaced , arrested development , my little pony . 
  it 's me2 , with a conveniently placed price sticker . 
  you know , i never would have though me2 would be the top seller right now . 
  scumbag game .
