  we would n't pay what they wanted , he would n't want to join . 
  quite simple . 
  only way you get to the point where big players want to join you , is getting into the cl , year after year , and having mony . 
  right now , we 're not going to finish in the cl , we 're just not good enough . 
  we also do n't have the money to compete with city/united/chelsea and even arsenal . 
  there 's also an incredibly small amount of hope , or admiration for our transfer committee , because they 're doing so badly . 
  it 's one thing to be hopeful , and dream , but dream to a limit . 
  we are n't signing messi . 
  we are n't signing lahm . 
  we are n't re-signing suarez . 
  biggest problem is all of those were leaders . 
  none of who we brought in are . 
  hendo , sure . 
  who else ? 
  reina , carra , agger , gerrard , kuyt , suarez , for a start , is six . 
  rodgers does n't like balotelli . 
  the difficulty of having a transfer committee that can buy a player without the manager wanting him too much . 
  how is that not a penalty ? 
  he 's getting better and better each week , is lazer . 
  there 'll be some odd moments throughout the country today . 
  bloody windy here , too . 
  woke me up a few times last night . 
  such a quick runner . 
  he 's one of them where the ball just sticks to his foot as he sprints, 
  he always has a mistake in him , every game though . 
  ah yes , forrest ` jovanovic ' gump . 
  never seen anyone so clueless on the ball . 
  all he could do was run . 
  got a head full of air . 
  who needs suarez eh lazer ? 
  bar his shooting . 
  played well . 
  could do with more goals in our side , bit lucky sunderland are completely toothless, 
  just like real life here, 
  yes, 
  he always does . 
  he was responsible for the goal against leicester, 
  good argument . 
  so you 're saying he was n't at fault for the goal ? 
  i used to love camelot . 
  some great times there , especially this one http://apg.ap1.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/came9.jpg, 
  well he played for the best team in europe in 2005 . 
  my mate had me drive alongside a bus for a minute or two so he could connect to their free wi-fi, 
  it was alongside him on a dual carriageway , would n't have dared stayed behind him, 
  i thought he was doing well ? 
  refs just let it slide , because sometimes it 's difficult to tell where the ball went out , and it causes a delay to play time, 
  imagine saying this a year or so ago ? 
  barely anybody uses it , too . 
  scares the shit out of people when you charge at them fire blazing . 
  priceless . 
  i 'd happily do it , but i 'm in the uk , so i 'm probably out of luck, 
  based off my experiences when people think of cheshire it = footballer 's . 
  lots and lots of footballers, 
  about 1/4 of that show is cry-worthy , but that last 10 minutes just epitomizes the entire ~ ~ show ~ ~ character study . 
  i do n't get it . 
  pls reply, 
   i feel sorry for anyone who ~ ~ watches the show and then ~ ~ visits crewe . 
  3 years of alonso getting ` shoot ' cheers after he scored those two from his own half . 
  every time he touched the ball . 
  whilst true , that says more about our defence than his quality . 
  when you type ` cant ' like that you sound more cockney than scouse . 
  every time i seen him for yous ' , he 's been great . 
  think every stoke highlight on motd involves him making a chance , or scoring one . 
  not a villa fan , but when i 've seen him he 's been unremarkable . 
  thought when he got out the united spotlight he 'd start to take the lead a bit but he still seems nervous and unwilling to take charge . 
  though lambert may take some blame for that . 
  can is doing well . 
  well liked by our support already , very big guy who works hard . 
  not scared to put his foot on the ball . 
  and is very versatile , we 've seen him at am/cdm/cb , and i think briefly full back . 
  you better run ... 
  to be honest i prefer honest trailers for bad movies . 
  they 're normally funnier . 
  true , but they are usually bad with us . 
  he played pretty well for a while , then all of a sudden could n't stop scoring and was booming . 
  miss him . 
  they brought an awful lot in , though . 
  about 90 mil they brought in this summer, 
  we have to go back, 
  any good ? 
  getting into a match for me is n't a problem , the problem is the team matchmaking . 
  constantly it 's two people ranked 100 + and two 20/30 ranked , against 1 's , 4 's etc. 
  acceleration might be bad , but look at that sprint !, 
  might be for a call centre or something where they need to know how you speak, 
  oh aye , of course . 
  i played a 151 or something whose k/d was shocking . 
  something like 0.5 . 
  i 'm only a 71 , and even mine 's 1.7, 
  my all time favourite owen line was ` he jumped like a trout ! ', 
  fucking nobody to love by sigma recently . 
  rafa brought him here, 
  aye , but he did play quite a bit because of agger 's injury issues . 
  he never really came into his own until kenny 's time here to be honest . 
  do n't think rafa was too big a fan , or just preferred carra/skrtel, 
  i 'm not a big fan of them kissing infront of me , i 'm not a big fan of anybody kissing infront of me , gay or not . 
  as a nation i think we 're a bit prudish like that . 
  i do n't care if it 's a trainstation or airport or club or whatever though, 
  yeah , just yesterday i seen two blokes walking down the street , took a second glance and they were holding hands . 
  i 've only ever seen this once or twice really , so naturally my eyes wandered back over for another look . 
  not when they 're on your team it 's not ...
