  a lot of people from liverpool are n't bothered at all by the english national side . 
  it 's true . 
  there 's probably a few players who have done the same too , so it 'd be joint record holder . 
  are n't games in-store ridiculously expensive too though in straya ? 
  six feet under . 
  teaches you how different people react to death . 
  my favourite show , it 's such an emotional , almost character study of the family . 
  thought everyone always knew he was a cunt ? 
  a damn good manager , but a cunt . 
  always has been, 
  exactly the same circumstances andy gray and whatshisface left after the woman lines man gate on sky sports, 
  i have to admit i 've only seen him in three films . 
  signs , gladiator , and her . 
  but goddamn he was amazing in her , so i 'll have to watch this . 
  to be fair , i know someone who does this . 
  the dog barely leaves their side , even when they 're on their throne . 
  you do play some potential banana skins though . 
  i remember we used to sometimes labour through the qualifiers . 
  standard liege sticks in my memory . 
  does wigan not have the pound bakery ? 
  god , the amount of trouble i have with voice commands on devices like this is the only thing putting me off getting the camera . 
  insane how they ca n't make a camera which accurately knows my scousey accent . 
  i 'll pound your pastry bakery, 
  they 're squad is weak , surprised they did n't strengthen more in the summer . 
  they really ca n't complain . 
  jan molby . 
  lot of fans beat the queues and get their pies early, 
  their team, 
  colombia, 
  well apparently northern ireland 's majority want to remain british . 
  ( 55 % to 45 % ) so it is quite close . 
  wales , seem unequivocally in favour of remaining part of britain . 
  ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/welsh_independence ), 
  how is it unfortunate that people are happy with how they 're currently living ? 
  how does it affect you ? 
  ` dangerous ' or no , if the majority wish to be british so be it . 
  it 's not as if england exert a lot of influence or anything over people in ni . 
  every askreddit thread upvotes the crap out of it and it 's so frustrating . 
  barkley destroyed him on saturday . 
  garcia 's not just slow , but his positioning seems average at best too . 
  he kept getting turned , time and time . 
  bit of a controversial opinion based off when i discussed it with my evertonian mates , but after all the hype for stones i was a bit disappointed with him when he played against city . 
  he was definitely better than alcaraz , but alcaraz is shocking . 
  robbie savage , neil lennon , nick powell , dean ashton , danny murphy , off the top of my head . 
  loads more . 
  we 'll take mascha back, 
  ^ ^ please, 
  ^ ^ ^ please, 
  fair play , congrats city , it 's yours almost for sure now . 
  glen johnson . 
  just ... glen johnson . 
  sakho was n't the one who played badly . 
  skrtel was . 
  he did n't play well , he was awful . 
  bolasie tore him apart . 
  whenever he attacked he ran to the edge of the box , panicked and lost it . 
  i got it on ps4 when it came out . 
  still playing it , ridiculous amounts of content . 
  only just now finished shu , wu , wei , lu bu , and i 'm half way through jin . 
  by ` biggest threat ' do you mean running down the wing , turning infield towards the box , realising he 's over ran it , and losing it ? 
  if so , then yes . 
  he has a proper geordie accent . 
  it 's adorable . 
  which is infact my favourite of his movies . 
  the pm has a cat , whose official title is chief mouser to the cabinet officer . 
  larry 's been involved in his fare share of scandals , mind . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/larry_ ( cat ), 
  well done . 
  he 's not . 
  i do n't mean the accent in general , just when he speaks . 
  i 'm from just outside liverpool , lived in newcastle for a few months , i just love the durham accent . 
  ( source : geordie shore ), 
  i still do n't see why he did n't just take bolasie out . 
  they do n't need to like liverpool or pretend to hope we do well , but posting a compilation of liverpool failing is very unclassy for their official twitter to do . 
  especially after their season ... 
  the norm would be black , but i have every colour in the rainbow socks . 
  no joke . 
  i do n't joke when it comes to socks, 
  i am . 
  i wear them proudly, 
  dream house spoils the main twist of the move in the trailer . 
  how do you keep your hair so fabulous ? 
  think there 's a subreddit to trade those ? 
  i burnt them , for the night is dark and full of terrors . 
  ( not really , but still ), 
  i do n't wear shorts unless i 'm somewhere very warm . 
  exactly . 
  even if fifa was out on wii u , i would have got it for my ps4 . 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=276gnqakxzm ), 
  rakitic , konoployanka , and a rb worth his salt . 
  ca n't think of any though, 
  no dire need , most of our problems come from our fullbacks i think, 
  has n't there only been one team bottom at christmas , who stayed up before now ? 
  wba about 10 year ago iirc . 
  great achievement . 
  never dropped acid , but i think it would be amazing yet dangerous to do it whilst swimming ? 
  i know when i 'm high , i 'd love to go swimming, 
  he was my favourite character , the bit in the first season where his spoiler wife gets shot spoiler was some of the best tele i 've seen, 
  every time i go into one of these threads i think ` meh , i 've probably seen all the shows mentioned . ', 
  do n't skip too many lessons !,
