  same probably . 
  owned every one since '06 and before then i had a couple every few years . 
  i 'd just go into head to head matches constantly , best way to kill boredom is to twat some 10 year old 4-0 with fulham, 
  his real one or his doctor who one ? 
  i like his beard, 
  five children and it, 
  year one was pretty awful too, 
  out of curiosity , is it ever said or insinuated that she has sti 's ? 
  or is it just because she gets around so much ? 
  val will definitely be in the show , she 's a pretty important character, 
  mourinho would n't accept anything less than 30 million for mata , in the same way, 
  we could make a table on how much spent compared to points though, 
  i agree , i 'm not saying he 's not , just that vidal and mata are both players not for sale , and almost certainly wo n't leave is all . 
  they 're doing exactly what we done the other year under kenny . 
  spend loads , start without conceding many , but not scoring enough , then get twatted ( we got twatted by spurs themselves ), 
  my friend tried to get one from one of the larger game stores ( one in newcastle ) , and they said the earliest he 'd get his is possibly february . 
  i think that 'll change with the new gen though . 
  it 's true most people here 'll have xbox over ps , but it seems people want ps4 loads more now . 
  yeah mate that one, 
  it gets annoying though when the front page is littered with people saying ' i got in ' , though . 
  fair enough , congrats to you , but we really do n't need a thread every day about it, 
  it 's nice feeling confident in our goalie again . 
  it 's been so long, 
  he was pretty good for us in his first season too . 
  really think he could have been so much better than where he is now . 
  is that little stone house thing by the sea lf 's home ? 
  we had , we tried from sevilla , they wanted a few million more , we said ` nah ' they told us to fuck off . 
  he never said guinness was english , only that it 's the same price as ff . 
  china ? 
  i 'd rather sturridge than suarez , cou , mig or gerrard . 
  lucas/henderson are good , but our midfield is so static recently . 
  that might have just gave us a nudge to buy another midfielder , which we need . 
  in the original danish nightwatch , when he 's walking through the morgue to the body * eeeek *, 
  the episode ` that 's my dog ' is possibly the best episode of any show ever . 
  our midfield needs change . 
  we need more goals from the centre , and far too often we look disjoined and nowhere in the middle . 
  but i would n't put all the fault on stevie , but rather on the three of them . 
  do n't like dan simmons . 
  particularly ` the terror ' . 
  it 's fucking woeful . 
  the ending just left me feeling ` wtf ? ' . 
  900 odd pages of nothingness , and a god awful ending . 
  yeah . 
  not really a one season wonder . 
  maybe a one season wonder in england, 
  if i were to base it completely on current form this season , then ... 
  mingolet , coleman , mertesacker , lovren , shaw ; ramsey , toure , ozil ; suarez , aguero , lukaku . 
  obviously i 'm not paying too much attention to whether or not these players could play together , but just a team who i think are the best currently . 
  honourable mentions to ; zabaleta , giroud , sturridge , rooney , remy , clyne , delph , hazard , lallana . 
  oh dear , he meant the scouse accent , not the one you 'll hear on doctor who, 
  i 'm really loving the man , he 's doing really , really well with us . 
  sometimes though some of his formations are baffling . 
  against hull , the flat 4-4-2 , with coutinho absolutely wasted out wide , and leaving sakho on the bench , when he wins almost all of his aerial duels , in favour of kolo . 
  he 's not a footballing genius , but he gets the best out of our players , that 's for sure . 
  he 'll need to replace his glass ankles with titanium first, 
  he 'll need to stop snorting so much coke first , though . 
  just seen the championship table , honestly surprised to see you lot in fourth . 
  is that down to mclaren ? 
  he doing well ? 
  sterling 's had a tough 12 months . 
  done really well early last season , drifted off , looks to be coming back into himself now though . 
  iirc walcott got the ball to the byline and crossed , sterling 's asked to play out wide but come infield often and run across the defence, 
  ox is more technically gifted than both of them, 
  you 're looking quite dangerous . 
  getting the ball out wide well . 
  though , this is the least ` big sam side ' i 've ever seen . 
  you have plenty of big fella 's , sure , but compared to the usual for him , you 're a lot more technical . 
  ( jarvis/downing/maiga etc ), 
  doing it for his home club !, 
  chelsea match is n't over yet ... 
  aye , but if it did finish 3-3 we 'd be third , not second, 
  edit - ft, 
  we 're second , 
  i loved it when ` spanish pop ' came up for about 50 successive weeks, 
  doloros edd all day everyday . 
  `` i do n't want to kill someone '', 
  `` i 'll execute every motherfucking last one of you ! '', 
  ( quotes might not be spot on , but i ca n't be fucked googling for the correct ones ), 
  `` in this form '' ? 
  deu has hardly been in world beating form, 
  he was awful for us . 
  we cut our losses . 
  he ca n't finish for shit , i 've found . 
  today was the exception so far . 
  it 'll end up being a lannister , like them or loath them . 
  they 're lucky as fuck . 
  we just need to work on our defence now . 
  defence like a leaky arsehole . 
  i dunno man , living in england i 'd say doctor who is loads more well known here . 
  it 's weird , though , i know plenty of people who like sherlock , do n't get me wrong , but it 's so much more popular online/reddit than here . 
   very large population to pick athletes from, 
  india/china 's nt are awful . 
  population does n't = good ability . 
  uruguay has a population of just over 3 million , yet they got to the wc semi 's last time . 
  china has 1.3 billion . 
  lebron james/revis/etc have ability in their individual sports , not in sports in general . 
  being good at a sport does n't = good at all sports . 
  whether america would be successful if they truly embraced football ( soccer ) is kind of a pointless question , we 'll never know if it 's accurate unless it happens , and so far , it has n't . 
  personally , as an englishman i think america seems a bit more in love with it than what i can remember 10 years ago , but it will never be one of your favourite sports . 
  not very , i 'd imagine , much like how it is in the us .
