  to be honest with the way the bbc are going , they 'll air it in america first , then half a year later over here in the uk . 
  i expect as much to be honest !, 
  nothing , which i 'm aware of , anyway . 
  but they shown the trailer for the doctor who special in a comic con in america , and no where else , even though we 're the ones who pay our license fees to get the bloody show created . 
  the beeb have realised how much of an audience there is for preteen american girls who swoon at anyone with a posh british accent and are now milking it, 
  depends on the type of show you like , really . 
  only fools and horses is one of my favourites , but no one on reddit really seems to talk about it . 
  it 's all ` dae sherlock ' . 
  red dwarf , men behaving badly , i 'm alan partridge , gavin and stacey , spaced , it crowd , peep show , life on mars , are all worth checking out . 
  about 11am gmt, 
  see , reddit ranted and raved about this film , saying how good it was . 
  i seen it about a month ago and thought it was okay . 
  acting was good , urban , thirlby , and headey all good , good actors , but i just got so bored of the film so quickly . 
  so one dimensional . 
  no shouts for kolo toure yet ? 
  playing like a hero currently , for the price of # 0, 
  i 'd assume it was renly . 
  varys , littlefinger , and pycelle are not the type of trustworthy people to rule a kingdom . 
  renly is the only option , really , who i 'd say robert could truly trust . 
  i dunno man , charge # 1 a fag and you 'll be minted . 
  that 's the going rate whenever i 've sold one outside a pub or club . 
  do n't forget lego city undercover . 
  goddamn that was an amazing game . 
  reddit in general attracts the left wing . 
  look at / r/worldnews and / r/politics , bullshit as they are , it shows how left wing this place is . 
  i understand that , it 's just frustrating , not blaming the teachers per-se , but the whole system, 
  good job they do n't need to then, 
  ` goal ' is shite , the second one is moderately better , and the third one is trainwreck . 
  i thought it was shite . 
  it was bigged up , then really let me down . 
  just screaming running on a camcorder . 
   pub crawl, 
   children in earshot, 
  not really your friends ' fault . 
  he does n't really get on tv much anymore . 
  done well , ending was awful though . 
  shame , too , some parts of it were actually really good . 
  one of the most annoying quotes i 've seen on reddit . 
  it 's so annoying . 
  i like the show , but it pisses me off when i see that quote constantly . 
  apparently the goal was his fault , mind . 
  well , ca n't stream half these films personally , not being in america , but trick ` r ' treat would be a great film to watch on halloween . 
  it 's not scary , it 's just wonderfully dark , sometimes creepy , and just a great film . 
  would recommend . 
  it pretty much is , to be honest . 
  i 'd still recommend the fuck out of it , best show i 've ever seen . 
  draining in parts , but it 's so funny and charming and loveable . 
  by the end of it , the characters all felt like they were my family and i loved them all . 
  started the office for the first time ( do n't hurt me ) before . 
  wait , what , why ? 
  got that too . 
  that 's hardly even a riddle , who on earth would get that wrong ? 
  whenever a club goes through controversy , any talk about it will usually be downvoted to fuck . 
  with the whole suarez/evra-gate , anyone with a liverpool crest got downvoted to fuck , regardless of what they say . 
  it 's the same whenever anything like that happens . 
  i dunno , i feel a bit like a nobhead for saying it , but often i sort of feel a lot of non brits in there do n't quite get what it is to have a joke , bit of ` banter ' , or anything whenever english clubs are discussed . 
  it normally just gets in the way a bit . 
  interrupts the season , miss a few matches , seems a bit of a pointless trophy after you 've already won the cl, 
  it 's a pretty awful sub , but let 's be honest , at that age you kind of thought that too whenever you seen kids like that slutting about , if you 're 18 or so . 
  not saying they 're in the right , but it 's pretty common to be like that . 
  `` i 'm pregnant '' with a word saved, 
  my favourite film ever . 
  blown away every time i watch it . 
  what did n't you like ? 
   everyone loves that show . 
  at the time , shawshank redemption did flop . 
  it 's obviously not a flop anymore , considering it 's # 1 on imdb and everyone 's seen it . 
  money-wise , it was a flop in 1994 , and scott pilgrim was also a flop when it came out . 
  are you david cameron ? 
  went to see city/newcastle last night . 
  you know it 's bad when ameobi played as well as he did last night . 
  city had nothing until they brought on silva . 
  rodwell and garcia as a midfield two is pretty awful . 
  i know they 're not their first choice , but jesus that 's worrying for city . 
  i loved ni no kuni 's and final fantasy 13 's, 
   `` those are brave men , '' he told ser balon in admiration . 
  `` let 's go kill them . '', 
  session 9 and event horizon . 
  and mario kart . 
  a clash of kings ( second book ) iirc it 's tyrion saying it, 
  thora birch was 17 when she was in ab . 
  bit of a spoiler from the next couple of seasons really . 
  [ spoiler ] it 's sam having sex [ / spoiler ], 
  there is some truth to what you 've said , but it 's something which is n't half as bad as it was in him last season when he first joined . 
  it 's weird how we 've visibly watched him become less and less selfish over time . 
  ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypccwvtugjs second goal here , 0:35 ), 
  he 's definitely working harder here more and more , he 's had a bit of trouble since suarez has came back into the side , he 's looking a bit leggy and i think he could do with a rest in a week or so . 
  not really discontent , just uncertainty . 
  when he signed it seemed a bit of an ` okay signing ' , he 'd done well at bolton , done okay at chelsea but did n't really seem at all what we needed . 
  we 'd gone 5 months prior with only one fit striker at the club , and most people thought we were going to try to sign a top named player . 
  that did n't happen , and everything 's worked out so well with studge . 
  book 3 is the best of the lot , i think i lost leg mass reading it because i did n't move for so long , i just kept reading . 
  it 's `` shaun '' not `` sean '' of the dead , by the way . 
  you need to read the books more thoroughly , then . 
  sam and gilly have passionate sex on the boat , remember ? 
  kolo toure on a free , cissokho and moses loan , mignolet , ilori , aspas and sakho . 
  spending very recklessly !, 
  red dwarf is a classic . 
  only fools and horses , too . 
  babel was signed in 2007 .
