  if things get bad , they 'll lock the hotel and try bring in local security guards etc. 
  it only seems to be government drama , nothing to do with the public etc , so you should be fine . 
  / u/s4d1e has already posted the british embassy 's number , just keep your passport handy , chill and see what happens in the morning . 
  yeah , as you 're driving over-check your mirrors and never ever forget your blind spot . 
  you 'll have to do some maneuvers and they 're just completely random . 
  remember if you cock up half way through a maneuver , just fix it , you may get a minor but that 's nothing . 
  the test absolutely flies by , op , only seems like a 2 minute thing . 
  with the airports closed , fat chance . 
  best thing is stay in hotel , phone embassy . 
  just stay in hotel , if things get worse call the embassy , they 'll be fine . 
  do n't be stupid . 
  if the canadian netflix is on 1 , the uk one must be in the minus ', 
  coutinho 's been playing a lot out wide recently , and been doing well . 
  under rodgers he seemed useless out wide , but klopp seems to be getting the best of him out wide . 
  not sure about this signing at all to be honest . 
  he 's already a tattoo artist , might just do that, 
  needs more spanish bargains . 
  i miss our spanish bargains under rafa . 
  there 's some at the adelphi in liverpool, 
  considering i 'm 21 , and got pokemon blue on release in 1999 , and in the park yesterday it was a mix of pretty much every age under ~ 35 playing it , lots of people . 
  oh yeah it 's horrible , bars good though, 
  yeah , imagine markovic will be leaving this summer . 
  leaves us with a very fluid mix of attackers , mane , origi , ings can play through the middle and out wide . 
  wij , coutinho , firmino can play out wide or as a # 10 . 
  our only current strikers who will play centrally when they play really , are sturridge , and balo/benteke ( who will probably leave ), 
  i 'd have thought about 2 would be fair . 
  good cross on him . 
  already has . 
  i understand why too , is a shame though , seems a nice guy . 
  shrek . 
  to be fair though , if anywhere in the uk is more likely to get rares to spawn it 's in london . 
  lot of people near me use pants instead of trousers . 
  like being on space mountain, 
  sounds safe . 
  maybe that 's why you have loads more road accidents then . 
  i 'd always be careful on a country lane if you do n't know it well . 
  `` hello , doc '', 
  they 're no pacheco 's . 
  never been so hyped for a youth team player, 
  you can use a stove under dire circumstances , but a microwave is just barbaric !, 
  i think a lot of english folks prefer to listen to nicola sturgeon too though to be fair, 
   so , by now we all know that suicide squad is trash . 
  well i 've not seen it yet so i do n't , and i doubt you have either . 
  hanging is used here for when you 're hungover . 
  `` hanging out me arse '' , for example, 
  apparently bellamy 's book is good if that 's your thing, 
  wo n't happen , he would n't play . 
  if we were in europe then possibly as rotation , but he wo n't be ahead of what we have, 
  now he 's in glasgow, 
  we did n't even get that , we all shut up and watched it, 
  agreed , though a lot of reddit seems to like passion in theatres . 
  none who cover the role lucas does . 
  5 senior defenders for 4 positions , what could ever go wrong ? 
  we watched saving private ryan and gladiator in religious studies , happy feet in physics , basically any movie when the teacher could n't be arsed and could think of a loose relevance to the lesson, 
  ca n't imagine nice have anything other than just the money to pay for wages . 
  wo n't be permanent, 
  even if that is true , he 'll get a huge payoff, 
  unlike a divorced father , they pay a less than acceptable fee for the privilege, 
  just got back from holiday from cancun , seen all the `` heat wave this bank holiday weekend ! '', 
  stuff , got back and thought i 'd been desensitized to the heat before realizing the north does n't matter ofc !, 
  the english ones mentioned it maybe being him too, 
  did n't like mignolet 's wall there . 
  the angle was there for lamela, 
  book matip for that , but not for players who pick it up , run away and them drop it so they ca n't take quick ones, 
  another season without promotion would be hilarious, 
  like all the other seasons then ? 
  usual suspects or se7en probably, 
   4 : old people - they make less mess , but they never clean it up or take their trash, 
  really ? 
  where i work , old people only buy a coffee and maybe some maltesers or something and always take their trash out . 
  love the oldies, 
  one of the worst i can think of is the most recent alvin and the chipmunks movie . 
  fuck that movie . 
  though , before i worked there i heard the lego movie and 50 shades of grey were the absolute worst . 
  same , he was fucking incredible . 
  he loved anfield too iirc , remember seeing rumours of him joining us in 06/07 and could n't have been happier of thinking of it happening . 
  ours has stopped selling meat and potato pies , and has done for a few years now . 
  everyone must prefer pasties now but i ca n't accept it . 
   no transfer fee from nice for balotelli but #lfc have n't had to pay him off , which had been the fear . 
  save tonight , eagle eyed cherry . 
  cameron diaz in the mask, 
  it used to be on netflix , guess it 's not anymore . 
  handy website for you is [ moreflicks ] ( http://www.moreflicks.com/ ), 
  or if you 're desperate the blu-rays are n't [ too expensive ] ( https://www.amazon.com/battlestar-galactica-edward-james-olmos/dp/b0027uy8b8/ref=sr_1_2?s=movies-tv&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1472889181&amp;sr=1-2&amp;keywords=battlestar+galactica ), 
  edit - if you can find a working proxy its on netflix uk, 
  its usually the card people talk about for being one of the best designed , balanced cards in the game, 
  well he did get married once, 
  absolute radio 's my favourite . 
  morning and sunday shows really good, 
  yeah , anti fungal ones . 
  ca n't remember the exact name, 
  yeah , swabbed it and sent it off , gave me some new meds , did nothing, 
  mourinho will be raging they conceded from that, 
  united 's wingers having a mare , ca n't do basics . 
  thought he was offside at first, 
  edit - blind 's lazy, 
  so much for city winning the league after a few games ... 
  he also has no neck, 
  django 's riff is a good little place , right next to krazyhouse . 
  seen them a few months ago in liverpool , they were great , jeff lynne 's still cool as fuck,
