  i 've just gotten into third and i think i 've hit my ceiling . 
  got 13 points , do n't think i 'll improve now to be honest, 
  sounds like what jamie oliver done to us, 
  do n't you know when your mum was born ? 
  if i get relegated now i 'm blaming you ... 
  i remember him saying walcott should move from arsenal to get more first team matches and kick on , well ... 
  he 's retired because no one wants him . 
  yup , honestly you just need to know the right people , and it would n't even be difficult to get one . 
  being caught using it though and you 'd be seriously punished, 
  i kept seeing it , tried it a few times through curiosity and could n't do it . 
  never tried it again . 
  all the time . 
  they get the ball , and dribble through , you try to go to tackle him , it switches your player , you miss him and he goes on to score . 
  all the fucking time . 
  i only played seasons , never done ut on this game until about a month ago . 
  i kept going dortmund on seasons because they 're boss , and i never realised until i came on here he was such a well known fifa god . 
  every time i seen someone play dortmund they never utilized him properly , but on ut , dear god it 's horrible . 
  he was very striker 's villian tbf, 
  did n't say that 's all i care about , though . 
  it 's the most powerful scene in the show , i thought . 
  sorry if your opinion differs . 
  i binged true blood more than any show i 've done before , and i love binge watching . 
  i watched four seasons in about two or three days . 
  call the show out all you want , i was hooked from the first episode . 
  they did n't want them until they realised they were close to oil . 
  99.8 % of them want to remain british . 
  i might as well chuck my name into the hat . 
  been on reddit just short of three years , / r/britishproblems is pretty much the first subreddit i check when i pop online . 
  i mod an online games forum where all i do is pretty much delete viagra adverts from indian spam boys , if that helps . 
  no mods from the north west , such a crime !, 
  8pm gmt, 
  something tells me he wo n't be invited back . 
  that bit at the end where he showboated did n't help, 
  really entertaining match . 
  shame for those who barely got involved . 
  felt for kevin bridges and adam richman . 
  james mcavoy was quite good though i thought . 
  already is , really . 
  all my friends love it , it 's on domestic tele quite often, 
  i posted a puppy here when all the drama was happening , and it all kicked off ... 
  kevin phillips and carra too then, 
  i woke up at 4 this morning , looked outside and it was bright and warm , birds were singing . 
  my relief when i looked at my phone and realised i still had three hours sleep . 
  it 's the simple things . 
  does rebel without a cause count ? 
  honestly could n't tell you buddy !, 
  i 'll have a snoop around and see if i can find out, 
  how would one find out ? 
  one shall do such a thing when one gets home from work, 
  edit - found it, 
  must have been because i did n't explain * why * it was a problem, 
  from what i can tell lvg just does n't want him . 
  he wants his own players . 
  moyes wanted him , lvg does n't . 
  wish my co op had auto checkouts . 
  where are they delivering them to exactly , do you know ? 
  they 'd close the door , and play rains of castamere , beforehand . 
  always found wayne 's world 2 to be just as good as the first . 
  if you 're going to make up a story about someone going on the lash and getting pissed like that , you make it up about someone other than * dirk kuyt *, 
  my post does n't come until noon , i awfully hope we 're not getting them here . 
  where exactly do you sign up for this ? 
  sorry if it 's a stupid question , i 'm probably missing something painfully obvious, 
  edit - think i 've missed my chance , goddamn it . 
  recently they 've got a lot of good players , and they 're in a pretty easy group . 
  once you get to the knock outs , anything can happen , and belgium definitely have the players who can make some individual genius . 
  ( kompany , courtios , hazard , de bruyne , lukaku et al ), 
  england/argies would be good , just because the argies wo n't give up on the bloody falklands, 
  ozil has gone off the boil recently , and is always liable to go missing . 
  reus had an injury , and might not even be playing . 
  hope klose is top scorer again , love that man, 
  argentina 's problem is their defence . 
  same for netherlands . 
  top quality strike force , but their defences are average at best, 
  spain winning it would n't be too much of a surprise to be honest . 
  they won the last wc , as well as the last two euro 's . 
  they 're not as good as they were , but in my book , they 're probably the second favourites, 
  they have costa now as a striker , so they have that going for them . 
  in the past , they 've not really had great strikers . 
  no need for dvd , it 's on netflix is n't it ? 
  definitely on the uk one iirc . 
  reign of fire is alright . 
  it 's on the uk one . 
  you want them , come try get them . 
  again ... 
  wo n't that have been when he was second choice , this past year he seems to have played a lot more, 
  end of garcia , then ? 
  going to be very difficult . 
  they were very close , but on top of all the clubs they battled with , they 'll have united and spurs being better next year, 
  have to see what happens really , and who you sign . 
  itv 's sound guy needs to do some work . 
  sounded demonic when he spoke then, 
  yeah , weird seeing it alongside the royal family being lizards . 
  forgot he existed, 
  devastated to miss the first half due to bloody work, 
  the most bloody of them all . 
  i work in a loan call centre, 
  ref cutting it 15 seconds short . 
  even he felt sorry for the spanish . 
  good movie , but i did n't find it that funny to be honest . 
  bosnia will get out the groups though , quite sure of that personally .
