  it 's also on bt sport . 
  absolute brilliant goal . 
  never stop lovren you, 
  does n't really look close to your starting eleven to be fair, 
  once he finds his shooting boots . 
  or shoots less . 
  one or the other . 
  he 's in net for bvb, 
  yeah . 
  he looks like a tank . 
  been very impressive . 
  more physio 's for diaby the better, 
  not a better player though . 
  the grey . 
  it 's not just liam neeson punching wolves , it 's a very clever description of death and how to handle it , goddamnit . 
  taken is mindless action , the grey 's not . 
  why on dude where 's my car ? 
  love that movie !, 
  then every so often one slips under the radar . 
  nothing will destroy my love of willy topp . 
  guy was a hero . 
  would you rather borini or wickham ? 
  i think a lot think that , because our coefficient is n't too great so we 're third seeds . 
  but i think the second and top seeds will be just as worried about us , as we are of them . 
  it wo n't be easy for anyone to qualify . 
  was n't most of it set in northumbria ? 
  or coates . 
  just curious if you know , is this a cat thing ? 
  my dog never seemed threatened when play fighting and looking them in the eye . 
  hopefully moreno 's impressive , but not * too * impressive . 
  this is just bizarre . 
  firstly how did no one see someone bring it in ? 
  but more importantly , who has a cow to spare that 's worth it for a prank . 
  apparently she just wants some shares . 
  not to buy the club, 
  i thought this at first . 
  but i think the way he worded it makes it sound as if it 'd be about him joining , not pulling the plug . 
  if they were , i think he 'd just say something a bit less ominous, 
  the tall mans message is that if you 're poor you 're a terrible person , even if you love the kid, 
  but , as mentioned in the other thread , it was never properly proven he done it . 
  ramos and skrtel could get 20 goals between them, 
  he 's a good player . 
  but he reportedly wants 100k p/w and i 'm sorry he 's not worth near that . 
  to put it in perspective , sturridge is apparently on 70k p/w . 
  bony for me , would be a sign we could n't get our top targets , and resorting to him . 
  i think the difference is bony would also cost 19 million roughly . 
  though i think bony is better than eto'o , i think we 're debating eto'o as a stopgap for a year , and then hope there 's better players on the market than there is this year . 
  ca n't think of a season when there was so few strikers on the market , even for a large fee we 'd be willing to pay, 
  i thought he said ` oooh , my friend ! '', 
  i do n't know why , but i love that man . 
  glenn johnson speaks spanish too , guess he 's leaving too, 
  mad move . 
  when i was doing mine , only last year , i had enough to try and learn for the summer , without all the ones i had to do in january , too . 
  i 'm not a bayern fan so i do n't know all the ins and outs , but i would n't be surprised at all if ribery and robben go to another team in a few years, 
  it 's more of a case of cameron wanting it to be privatized as it 'll save them money , so they cut funding then say , ` look how bad it 's doing !, 
  we should privatize it and get better quality !!!! '', 
  stick with one person you know , and the rest will flow once everyone 's pised, 
  i 'm more sour that johnson took arby 's spot ... 
  to be fair , finnan was getting on and looking shaky . 
  but i 've never seen a more solid player than steven finnan . 
  absolutely great player . 
  think it 's a very ` napoleon dynamite ' movie , love it or hate . 
  i keep trying to get my friends to watch it , none have heard of it . 
  ( i 'm 19 , possibly the reason ? ), 
  takes five minutes from liverpool to st helens but the the accent difference is huge too , especially since they 're both on merseyside, 
  comes with the job . 
  lovren is the new gerrard with these passes, 
  we should have flanno back soon , and moreno . 
  we really need flanno , moreno and enrique back . 
  johnson is just ... 
  brilliant goal . 
  inside forward from hell . 
  keep your mits off him !, 
  you already took luis, 
  i think the last year most people have realised how great he is . 
  shame he was n't too great in the wc , hodgson just did n't know how to use him . 
  because they were played all wrong, 
  if we can get through this , then we can see moreno next week, 
  been coming . 
  thank fuck for that, 
  might have just worked . 
  they were focused on rickie there . 
  forgot to make mine in time :(, 
  moreno must be liking his chances to come straight in the side . 
  get can on and let him battle with wanyama, 
  not seen a collapse of a player as much as johnson since torres . 
  sounds like football manager, 
  where ? 
  that was n't a back pass . 
  huge gap between defence and gerrard , which is very odd . 
  needs can . 
  we have played poorly , but sturridge will do just fine . 
  we always seem to do shite on the opening day . 
  easy in the end ... 
  i 'm from england , i have no/little clue who he is ? 
  he is a safe option , cheap , relatively good age , wo n't be on too high a wage . 
  decent little player , wo n't light up the league, 
  he 's still in greece though . 
  he 's a liverpool fan apparently . 
  go on brendan . .
