  are n't drinks in london really expensive anyway ? 
  the hall ? 
  out the window ? 
  maybe liz could be a bit less uptight , and let him . 
  bit of a non-issue given their circumstances to be fair . 
  you 're close to one of my favourite episode , the inner light . 
  s05 e21 or there abouts . 
  you 'll love it, 
  every manager , player , and most fans know who pjanic is . 
  the scouts nd manager will have a huge shortlist from all major world clubs . 
  there 's always time for lubricant !, 
  anything over 12 million or so would be a risk for him , with the way he 's been performing . 
  because i ca n't stand a lot of them . 
  just because they put on a different shirt does n't make them more likable . 
  saying that , i could barely give a toss about internationals anyway . 
  patrick roberts a very odd choice , i have to say . 
  stead , too . 
  * you 're next *, 
  aye , we 're such a minor club you go out of your way to mention us . 
  i remember when he died . 
  i had an exam the next day . 
  seemed like one of those people that would never die , like paul mcc . 
  i 'm not american, 
  well how does that happen ? 
  narrow turn , but still . 
  see , i hate chelsea fans more than a lot of united fans . 
  maybe it 's because i live in cheshire , so there 's plenty of both , due to the proximity to liverpool/manchester , so i know a lot of more local united fans , the ones with season tickets , so they 're probably a lot more reasonable , and not * completely * cunts . 
  but with chelsea , i hate most things about the club . 
  i hate their manager , their owner , a lot of their players , and all of the chelsea fans i 've ever met . 
   just because the media were in love with the club and hardly ever mentioned any other club for like 4-6 months before the end of the season . 
  this would be the same if , say , spurs nearly won the league one year . 
  the prem has became a three horse race , really . 
  chelsea/united/city are the only teams which are normally there , there-abouts consistently . 
   hes on the wane but people have short memories . 
  three years is n't a short memory . 
  that 's how long he 's been average , to be honest . 
  yes , one article , after a match that their team was humbled , and destroyed is definitely justification for calling someone ` shit ' ? 
  just read the first bloody line and it says, 
   liverpool loanee andre wisdom has enjoyed some highs during his west brom career so far . 
  got a mug of coffee just to stay awake . 
  psg 's front three are way too far forwards . 
  one needs to drop deeper and get it to feet . 
  i dunno jack , muller will still be a certain starter , still . 
  he 'll be just into his peak in 2018, 
  nope . 
  watched almost every match since 2004 . 
  had a season ticket from 06-2012 . 
  you may have called him the best two years ago , but you in the minority . 
  though , we 've been saying that for ages , not sure there 's anything ground breaking you 've noted . 
  he still has fuck-ups , though . 
  just look at the basel match . 
  as soon as i saw the team sheet , i knew we would n't win . 
  he needs to get to grips with european matches . 
  long gone are the days with rafa when he knew exactly how to play in europe . 
  the karma got to his head . 
  he struts about these parts now in sunglasses , calling players he 's never heard of under-rated . 
  he 'll crash to earth in a few days , and realise his mistake , but not before he has a deadly beak addiction . 
  sad times , indeed . 
  more drugs in there than a pharmacist . 
  amazing it took that long . 
  the man in the back at 01:29 is fucking loving life, 
  because he barely ever seems to play . 
  he is a very good player . 
  lol no , 3/4 are n't scousers, 
  mods are heavy handed , but generally good . 
  odd some of the things you are n't allowed to talk about , can hand out bans for very small things . 
  yes . 
  nah , he 's up early because timmy 's got them training at 6am, 
  wants quite a bit of cash on a 4 year deal , city are hesitant . 
  hope it continue , and we 'd nab him . 
  doubt it , mind . 
  how could a baby shoot somebody ? 
  preposterous !, 
  definitely waylon smithers . 
  [ we just need to see burns ' suit ] ( http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120406134543/simpsons/images/b/b0/this_suit_burns_better.png ), 
  search button not working for anybody else ? 
  bloody hell ba . 
  mario time, 
  such a poor name , and poor marketing for a top film . 
  my local bk burned down years ago . 
  only time i can have one is when i 'm at lime street , and the staff are absolutely terrible . 
  you ca n't just say ` we play 3-4-3 ' and that 's it . 
  other matches call for different formations , and tactics . 
  we wo n't be playing this way for years non-stop, 
  imdb seems to have [ missed ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3498622/episodes?ref_=tt_ep_epl ) a week in the air dates , i myself have n't yet watched this week 's episode . 
  think i may do that tomorrow , there 's an awful lot of characters . 
  same with twin peaks , loads of characters , and the first episode or so just moved between them all acting shifty as fuck, 
  [ remember the song ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xotcvjsymw8 ), 
  aye mate , that 's the one . 
  i remember getting a lotr toy when fellowship came out from that bk . 
  i was about to go to a yu-gi-oh tournie , then it burned down and i never went :( . 
  also i 've now tagged you as ` possibly from widnes ? ', 
  that would be so cool . 
  camped out in the hotel in lakeside , 4 vs a horde . 
  real non-argument . 
  was cleared up quite quickly . 
  henderson was to take it , before balotelli came on as sub . 
  once he came on , he should always take them . 
  he 's missed one in his career .
