  definitely . 
  i enjoyed a lot of supernatural . 
  the episode from season one of supernatural , where they 're in the woods chasing a monster really reminded me of a split of two x-files eps . 
  the one from ssn 2 with the bees , and then the later one with the invisible/shape shifting monster in the woods, 
  impossible to know on / r/soccer sometimes , really is ... 
  think he 's doing very well for notts forest , may be back in the prem soon enough . 
  his first season for us he was very impressive also . 
  surprised he never got an england call up at that point . 
  yup . 
  every time i seen him in the reserves he was beyond brilliant . 
  never got his chance , when he did , fiorentina at home iirc ? 
  he came on , and was great . 
  from then on , it just never worked for him . 
  did n't seem like attitude problems , or ability problems , curious to know what was going on with him , and why he never got more of a chance to be honest . 
  until you stop doing it , then you 'll burst out your pants, 
  bloody immigrant done it ... 
  daily mail will love this . 
  and is now the leader of isis, 
  he 's one of the quickest , that 's true ... 
  i 'm just amazed lloris is apparently in the very very top bracket of keepers . 
  it 's not just over the one season though , it 's over the last few . 
  if ronaldo has a better season than messi again it will be even . 
  they 're busy on / r/askhistorians, 
  i want his boots . 
  i would buy the shit out of them . 
  i shower in the morning as i 'm a warm sleeper and sweat quite a bit in the night , i feel icky without having a shower in the morning . 
  the world, 
  harsh downvotes . 
  this is an interesting topic . 
  i live in northern england , and it 's not common for strangers to talk to each other too much . 
  i would n't expect anyone to talk to me at the bus stop unless it 's `` has the number x/y/z been past yet ? '', 
  or something . 
  definitely not a west/east thing , but regional really . 
  the gangs are bad enough now , imagine when governments collapse ... 
  iceland would be good . 
  out of the way , does n't really have enemies . 
  iirc relatively self sustainable . 
  only issue is if there 'd be any nucleur fallout from the uk which would probably be hit . 
  that subreddit has a skewed sense of justice . 
  far too much ` guy tries to rob this guy , gets tied up , raped and murdered ' . 
  hyperbolic but still . 
  i love cheesy . 
  x-files is cheesy at loads of points , and it 's my favourite show . 
  i just found firefly ` meh ' . 
  probably good enough to go on for a few more seasons no doubt , but not worth the outrage in my opinion . 
  my friend loves him , so i say casey 's better just to annoy him . 
  as much as i do prefer casey , anyway . 
  i thought it was joking at first , but then i learned most of them are serious , and it 's more of an issue of , chill the fuck out guys . 
  it 's not discussing games or pc 's , just taking the piss out of consoles . 
  actually i think that 's the common feeling on a lot of reddit , just depends where you post i suppose . 
  the chocolate is n't great in them , honestly . 
  it 's the toy i bought them for, 
  i hate two uppers ... 
  it was n't necessarily about the oil , iirc hitler was just worried that russia would break their treaty and attack them , so he decided to preemptively do it . 
  they 'd probably have won , and have took over my country if they took their enemies one at a time instead of fighting east and west, 
  is this a common thing people say ? 
  the only thing , other than moaning about the normal stuff ( health care , religion , govt et al ) . 
  genuinely do n't hear you lot do n't have a culture . 
  just that since you 're a new country , you do n't have as much history as much other countries , not that you do n't have culture . 
  watch twin peaks . 
  good weekend . 
  if you mean players who 's nationality is european vs rest of world ? 
  then personally ... 
  ramos, 
  alaba ;, 
  ronaldo, 
  bench ;, 
  ) , bale . 
  row ;, 
  marcelo ;, 
  di maria ;, 
  james rodriguez, 
  neymar ;, 
  messi, 
  ( i realise i 've got some players in slightly different positions etc , but fuck it.i 've probably missed out some big names ), 
  based purely off last season , i honestly think suarez was probably the second best in the world . 
  bit of bias here probably , but it 's really harsh missing him out on this . 
  the fray in scrubs , and mostly breathe me by sia in six feet under, 
  gavin and stacey is the only thing i enjoyed him in . 
  because they/we were not alive or viewing back 30/40 year ago . 
  sylvain distin never played for france . 
  stuck behind a troop of kids and parents all on bikes today at 3pm ... until about 3:30 . 
  no room to overtake . 
  worst of it is , i 'm still doing me lessons . 
  england for the most part have played quite well . 
  sterling 's not been great , but got the assist . 
  seems though whenever henderson passes it to sterling , he gets into a good chance . 
  benefits of club players playing together . 
  rickie is the master of the last minute sub appearance, 
  not necessarily . 
  some people are just genuinely friendly . 
  i worked in a call centre , and for legal reasons we could n't disclose our location over the call , but it was all on the website etc. 
  but because of my accent ( liverpool ) , people can easily tell , and i ca n't tell you the amount of times people discussed football , local issues etc with me , just from knowing where i was . 
  i used to work in a call centre involving debit card details here in the uk . 
  however , the system was n't exactly up-to-date , and realistically would accept card numbers etc , with the wrong card holder name , so boy those fraud calls were fun . 
  yeah , i was shocked too . 
  the boss did n't want us to know , but someone let it slip that these letters had arrived . 
  had one person put his ` lawyer friend ' on , boy that was fun . 
  it was clearly just his mate , and he just chatted shit for half an hour . 
  got to the point where he went to fetch his ` other lawyer mate ' , then he hung up on me ...
