  he 's one of the most well rounded characters in the series . 
  he 's about 60 , but still kicks arse militarily , he 's one of the few who were nice to cat after she let jaimie free , and is just lovely, 
  but which season ? 
  i agree , but i sincerely hope he 's not the only winger we 'll sign . 
  if he , and someone else are coming in , i 'll be very happy . 
  moses is a good young player , and with the option to buy we 're not forced to sign him , but if he 's the only one , i do n't think that 'll be good enough, 
  i 've lost about 40lbs since easter and honestly i do n't think anyone 's even noticed apart from me . 
  ah yes , tancredi ` bullshit ' palmeri, 
  it 's getting much more difficult the more i lose now . 
  i 'm at 206lbs and i 've been stuck here for about 3 months . 
  though it 's my fault really , i 've never exercised, 
  coutinho is half as effective out wide , a left winger and pushing cou infield would be much more effective, 
  you ca n't really judge them as owners of liverpool , based of a different sports ' team . 
  i got unreasonably drunk and ate curry and cake on mine, 
  she does n't half nail the role . 
  like she did as anne boleyn in the tudors . 
  ca n't even imagine margarey book version after seeing her played by dormer, 
  edit i 'm wearing these downvotes with pride, 
  aw hell no, 
  i 'm a book reader too , but i can see where you 're coming from . 
  in the books it 's [ asos part 2/season 4 ] ( #b `` olenna who seems to be plotting everything '' ), 
  i played it for about 4 hours every day for close to a month , was absolutely loving it . 
  then i stopped , tried to go back on it , and could n't get into it . 
  best mp i 've seen a game have for years , but i agree , hopefully the dlc and updates will get me back into it, 
  yup , that 's correct !, 
  i was wondering why i was downvoted so much , haha . 
  sincerely hope the fee is wrong , considering he has a year on his contract, 
  after sh kills 90 % of his family , blackfish to cut him from head to bollocks would do nicely, 
  jon con is on borrowed time , but that 's a bit obvious . 
  he definitely seems one of the more grounded people on it , along with that white ghetto person . 
  i remember hoping when i read that chapter that jon would get all the wildlings and wun wun and march on winterfell and open ramsay from head to bollocks . 
  shame . 
  tormund would 've twatted the lot of them with his member . 
  because it has a direct influence on our club . 
  it 's not coming out of my pocket directly , of course , but it 'll affect my club . 
  we 'll only have a set amount of money to spend , and the less we spend on good players the better we 'll be for a while . 
  if he 's wanted by rodgers than i hope we sign him , but surely 23 million is a bit much considering we could get him for nothing this time next season . 
  there 's ` counting pennies ' and there 's being stupidly spending money , we ought to aim for the bit in the middle . 
  we did n't want to spend 30 million on willian , but willing to spend 20 on someone who only has a year left ? 
  there 's something not right there . 
  i 'm not saying we need to count pennies and sign players for low fees , but the money touted for yarmolenko makes no sense to me . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're being serious , but if you are then that 's wrong . 
  / r/britishsuccess, 
  i ca n't get over the copy sign, 
  we have kolo , we do n't need luck , 
  ilori , sakho , given and moses ? 
  think it 's west ham . 
  ( source ; liverpool fan ), 
  wow ferdinand at the forefront of controversial statements !, 
  obligatory ferdinand being a dickhead ; http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2013/01/02/article-0-16b9d263000005dc-68_634x410.jpg, 
  then being shot down ; https://twitter.com/scouselikebread/status/285784914199187456, 
  fake . 
  clearly charles itandje . 
  and he has 4 fingers, 
  this pleases me greatly . 
  dagger , sakho and toure . 
  then we still have skrtel as fourth choice , then ilori ( presumably ) with wisdom going on loan . 
  this match-up is always * pretty *, 
  nolan will score a few , and walters will miss a pen . 
  i remember a q on who the pm was the other year , cameron got 60 odd points , and thatcher got about 70 , with brown on about 20 ... 
  he left birmingham to join wigan , then left wigan to join sunderland . 
  he was n't sacked from either brum or wigan . 
  where he goes , he does often spend a fair bit of # # # . his time at wigan was when they spent a lot on players like bramble , koumas , zaki , kapo , heskey , palacios etc and they done quite well , but he did spend a lot . 
  same at sunderland . 
  apparently it 's sakho photoshopped onto cissokho 's body ? 
  yeah actually , withdraw my statement , that is his ring . 
  thought it looked a bit shopped at first, 
  i withdraw my withdrawal !, 
  i 'm still pissed off they changed her name for the show , just because her name was similar to osha . 
  goddamn shit gets me heated, 
  i posted it before it started, 
   more proof 99 % of this subreddit has no idea what they 're talking about, 
  to be fair , it 's not just this subreddit . 
  nelson mandela too, 
  never . 
  it 's dead to me and has been for years now , but it 's still one of the most popular shows out there and is such a well known iconic show , it 'll only stop when the makers want it to, 
  nelson mandela , sarah palin , helen keller , and stalin . 
  that 'd be wild, 
  want me to trim your pubes whilst i 'm at it ? 
  yup !, 
  my only problem was there was n't enough content . 
  should have been more missions , maps , and factions and characters . 
  the game itself was solid, 
  it was good . 
  bit glitchy , but the humour made me laugh , it lasted me a while and only cost me a fiver, 
  humanity has to not exist anymore, 
  i 'd watch it every so often when it 's on , the last i seen was a lady gaga episode and it was atrocious, 
  yeah i remember that too . 
  they could just spam you whilst you 're running at them . 
  online was bad though , really poorly made . 
  all matches seemed to be so laggy and glitchy, 
  no backsies, 
  all i hear on the radio now is `` two men arrested for growing cannabis in insertpartofliverpoolhere , and once , just once they said runcorn . 
  `` knowledge is power , france is bacon '', 
  i thought it was an awful film to be honest , regret not reading the book instead . 
  tried to overdo it with the cgi and her imagination and they just dragged it out too long . 
  thought the actors were all pretty good but the film really let me down . 
  ` happiness ', 
  damn that film 's awkward , watch the trailer and find out . 
  what does annoy me though , sometimes online they 'll put x/y/z ! , then in fine print x/y/z after vat .
