  good little team they have . 
  definitely not in the book . 
  so annoyed when wilshere came on , not rickie, 
  do n't mean we should have took off hendo for lambert , but lambert should have came on . 
   then your job is shit and you should try and find something you like doing . 
  wish it was that easy, 
  it 's difficult for me , because i have no idea what i want to do with my life, 
  think i 'll be going to uni in september unless in the next few months i find something i really really love doing . 
  what is it you do ? 
  spahic , pjanic , besic , begovic , kolasinac , misimovic . 
  very * itchy * team ... 
  interestingly enough , what i 'm going to be doing at uni is software engineering :p, 
  no team would agree to a buy back since he only has a year on his contract, 
  because it still works . 
  they still get time to ` recover ', 
  plenty of moments in six feet under . 
  let 's not . 
  ** i 'm living on sexy elephants . 
  florence and the machine . 
  if you have tall strikers they 'll normally win headers , and you get right up the pitch very easily . 
  to put it simply . 
  most teams that operate with a tall player like him , will often hit it up to them . 
  if the goalie plays it to his defence , whilst you definitely will keep the ball , you have to then build up play towards the opposition penalty box , basically . 
  pantilimon would probably be a decent target man . 
  i dunno man , i think lily 's a bit of a dick to be honest . 
  manipulates marshall , and controls ted 's life, 
  they all have their moments where they 're dicks , but i 'd still say i like them all . 
  i just did n't like how most of them treated ruth throughout the show . 
  robb 's problem was fucking jeyne westerling whilst already bethrothed , then having to marry her . 
  pretty much . 
  when your country 's up the shitter , it 's easier for very right wing , or left wing parties to gain traction . 
  the wall street crash really did n't help either . 
  life of pi was bad for this . 
  forced it in , and barely touched on it , badly , badly done . 
  dislocated my elbow playing swingball once . 
  my opponent didnt let it stop him , he kept going until he won, 
  same . 
  fuck finishing at nine . 
  he 's looking dodgy but he 's not bad . 
  forster 's good too, 
  suarez had no team mate within sixty yards of him . 
  he invited the foul , and took it . 
  how has lambert not played in this , or the italy match ? 
  is he not world class then , roy ? 
  uruguay fan with a scotland flag ? 
  to be fair though , a lot of liverpool fans do n't really care about england, 
  he played well against italy , and scored the goal against poland . 
  do hope he retires from internationals though , then ` glass ankles ' wilshere will start, 
  thought sturridge played well personally, 
  negotiator . 
  talk your way out of any trouble . 
  cheshire calling in . 
  never heard it either, 
  as much as i 'm not a big fan of him , it 's the limited other options keeping him in the job, 
  that 's not an explanation . 
  if i was allergic , would n't it result in a more serious effect ? 
  there 's a shop in newcastle , and my friend ordered an 18 inch pizza for nine quid . 
  he got the shits, 
  do you know if allergies are genetic , because my dad 's sort of the same too , except he gets them a bit less than i do, 
  i think he might be leaving , and it 'll be horrible . 
  it 'll be like watching your ex with someone new . 
  ca n't picture him in any other shirt . 
  i 've tried it in the past , and honestly ca n't remember if i got headaches from them , i 'll have to go the shop tomorrow and pick some up . 
  i 'm genuinely curious now if that 'll make a difference . 
  i obviously do n't eat chocolate much if at all , because of the headaches , but every time i do , it 'd usually be brands like dairy milk and galaxy, 
  usually happens . 
  some are competitions , where people apply and get to walk out with them . 
  mainly it 's because fifa and unicef are partners , so it 's help spread some awareness about it . 
  i do n't live there anymore , but i 'll have to try remember it !, 
  most goalies do n't peak until they 're quite old , they can go on towards their forties , like brad friedel . 
  wow , they 've finally updated the shopto website . 
  it no longer looks really tacky !, 
  i 've owned my wii u for a year now , for the first two month or so i was constantly on it . 
  now there are n't too many games , but most of the games there are , are really good . 
  pikmin 3 , and lego city undercover are two of the best games i 've played . 
  how does it compare to the others , now it 's been updated ? 
  i got it on release , played it once , thought ` wow this game is broken as fuck ' , went off it , and i 've not actually gone back to it yet . 
  she 'll be getting bags of dog poo delivered to her soon instead . 
  mine does n't come until about 12 , 1ish normally . 
  but is it the postman 's fault ? 
  i never really found out if it 's his fault , or the post office . 
  my postman 's lovely though , we had a nice chat about mario kart 8 when he delivered it the other week, 
  i always think this came out in the ' 60 's for some reason . 
  not sure if this world cup is just amazing , or there 's no stand out teams whatsoever, 
  ghana need to stop defending against all the germans , they just need to get klose , klose , ^ ^ ^ lean ^ ^ ^ on ^ ^ ^ me ^ ^ ^ now, 
  he had a pretty high stock anyway . 
  great player, 
  there is n't a great deal of love for show stannis , compared to book stannis . 
  show stannis is disappointing . 
  i get the feeling the show runners love dany , and hate stannis , and boy can you tell that by watching the show . 
  nice to see stewards doing their job ... 
  why is it whenever anyone invades the pitch , the stewards do n't even try to stop him , until a player does ? 
  it 's my personal favourite movie of all time . 
  i just think it 's nearly perfect in every single way . 
  one of my favourites . 
  ridiculous , bizarre movie that is just wonderful . 
  what exactly bored you about them ? 
  as well as sam , i love me some son . 
  guy can finish from anywhere, 
  curious englishman .
