  i think if you only do about 15/20 you 're probably not taught everything you need to know . 
  you 'd know how to pass the test , but not be an okay driver . 
  as mentioned , listen to the engine . 
  it is all relative though . 
  once you know certain roads , you 'll know what gear you ought to be . 
  for example , road next to my house has a school and a church , so i would n't go into third down there because it 's a nightmare . 
  way i used to think of it when i was learning , for my car anyway was ; 0-10mph was first , 10-20 was second , 20-30 was third , 30-40 fourth , 40 + fifth . 
  but judge it off what road you 're on, 
  funny thing is , that stoke match he did n't play too well , bar the pen save, 
  would n't it make more sense to ban that everyday ? 
  it 's been a thing here today in the uk . 
  few discussions over / r/unitedkingdom . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  fighting to save # 20 for a tv . 
  tesco advertised their ` big black friday sale ' and there was like two things on sale in the store , just stupid, 
  i think it 's old thing of , when you play for a team like sunderland you have to make a lot of saves . 
  mignolet is good at that , it 's his only one good quality , so he shone . 
  he 's not made half as many as johnson , though . 
  manquillo and moreno are the two defenders i think have actually done well this season . 
  so needless to say , neither start . 
  and little nicky, 
  007 legends . 
  our football is threatening to be worse than that of 11/12 ', 
  you seen how enrique 's playing today ? 
  moreno should be in this team 10 times out of 10, 
  if mignolet launches it from a gk , stoke get the ball back . 
  mig can not kick it with any direction . 
  if he plays it out to defence , there 's no one to pass it to , who can do anything with it . 
  it 's a lose lose . 
  yeah , at least we were making loads of chances , we just could n't score them . 
  we 're not even creating this season . 
  i 'm in the camp of , gerrard should play . 
  just not as a defensive midfielder, 
  things to take from this game ;, 
  kolo toure is out best centre back . 
  rodgers does n't believe in substitutes . 
  lambert is much better than balotelli if we insist on our striker up top . 
  not sure why allen would play in a game like this ? 
  he 's not effective going forward , or defending , he 's just kind of ... there . 
  bojan was great . 
  easily stoke 's best player . 
  to be fair , i 'm not sure where 7 minutes came from ? 
  this was probably his best game in about two years . 
  at least this match instead of him being ineffective defending and attacking , he was moderately good attacking . 
  oh he does close down very well , ca n't deny that , he does need to add more to his game though, 
  four subs made , one or two knocks . 
  about the same amount of incidents you get in a match with four minutes added time, 
  odd how you can show commitment to put your head in like that , but barely look arsed tracking back, 
  that 's my point . 
  he was shite , he was just less shite than he normally was . 
  he 's looked shaky , though i 'd prefer him over enrique still . 
  might be worth trying him at left wing . 
  dunno man , some beaches cost to get in , as ridiculous as it sounds, 
  i feel sorry for the emotional trauma when somebody enters the wrong room in your house . 
  i really ca n't separate them , i love them both so much . 
  the third one ? 
  not even close, 
  he runs like a man who 's trying to hold his pants up to catch the train, 
  i never minded season 8 , but season 9 ? 
  oh my gosh that was bad . 
  do non-brits not say this ? 
  depends on the accent, 
  i 'm in the uk and i can barely bloody pronounce it , one common word i struggle with, 
  when she first rode a donkey, 
  i 'm gon na get that quote tattooed on me, 
   `` what last airbender movie ? 
  they never made one hahahahahahahahaha '', 
  flavour of the month sub at its worst . 
  big team lost this weekend ? 
  prepare for 15 threads about how they 're shite . 
  soon as ronaldo or messi scores a hattrick they 're suddenly better than the other one . 
  it 's a case of messi and ronaldo being about 15 levels about anybody else in the world , it does n't really matter which one is better than the other , because the difference between the two is so minuscule, 
  go to a train station in the uk and chances are you got ta pay, 
  i 'm from england , i 've never in my 19 years of life seen a hitchhiker, 
  yeah i kind of agree with you . 
  certain places when they think racism they think white on black , and while there 's plenty of racism here , it 's mainly towards muslims and immigrants . 
  personally i 've never seen any real white on black racism , only when they 're friends and they 're just messing about with each other , but obviously that 's just my one limited experience . 
  sorry , but that does n't = racism . 
  you may not agree with what they did to the colonies , but it 's not necessarily racism . 
   racism towards muslims and immigrants is just as bad as racism towards blacks . 
  of course it is , my point though was that where i live i do n't see any racism towards black folks . 
  a large amount of the black folks around are second generation , who were born in the country , and are culturally integrated . 
  there 's an unfair amount of racism and xenophobia towards muslims , but i 'm unsure that 'll change in the next twenty years or so , hopefully once they 're fully integrated like black folks are , things will be a bit rosier, 
  shoutout to session 9 , that movie got in my head . 
  depends on where you are i suppose , in my town they 're free , then you 've got all the free ones in subway , pubs etc, 
   i 'd also hate to see jones playing for another team in the premier league . 
  do n't watch blackburn from 2010 , then ... 
  in uk you can drink beer in a pub with your parents/a meal from younger, 
  bat out of hell - meatloaf, 
  anyone who moans about benefits or social services , or whatever it 's called , have clearly never been made redundant, 
  i 'm english , so when i watched it , it seemed fine for me . 
  though , i think i 'm more adept picking out people doing british accents and fucking it up, 
  charlie hunnam 's in green street is hilariously bad, 
  i seen this the other day , but i thought it was just a glow in the dark collar for the dark weather . 
  never realised it was festive ... 
  yeah , when i seen the dog with it on , i thought it was a great idea , my only concern was that it might get a bit too hot for the dog and set his neck on fire, 
  see , i can barely tell too much wrong with it , because i 'm from england . 
  but his accent in green street is really shocking . 
  it 's like dick van dyke level, 
  arsenal are bizarre .
