  well it is a thread about a school shooting , so i made our topic related . 
  i 'm curious what tyranny you 're talking about ? 
  is it the post-9 / 11 fear of terrorism , or the threat of other people using guns against you ? 
  if it 's the latter , then surely restricting gun ownership would stop it at the source , and there would be less reason to worry ? 
  but that 's not how the guns are used though , is it ? 
  it 's to commit homicide , killing kids , and robbing shops . 
  surely , if the government oversteps its boundaries there are better things to do than shoot the place the fuck up ? 
  can you not see his flair next to his name ? 
  * he 's 15 *, 
  my mum 's not technologically inept , she 's just not arsed because she 's not as stupidly strict as op 's, 
  would your close family not have told them ? 
  * word travels quickly *, 
  i do this , except i have no sense of guilt so minus the swearing violently . 
  other than that , spot on . 
  mine is about 50/50 and there 's a shit ton of gossip constantly going around , they probably know op 's sexuality and his worrying is pointless, 
  drink . 
  drink - a lot . 
  or do things that would still be illegal to celebrate , like smoking drugs , or genocide, 
  it does , but the name of it is annoying and has negative connotations . 
  same !, 
  except my mum does n't have a life , and still respects my !, 
  dazed and confused . 
  not everyone 's american ... 
  that pesky sky 1 keep stopping c4 from showing new episodes for years, 
  you cool , man ? 
  wo n't have a car by then , not even started my lessons yet . 
  if i think it 'll be that bad i 'll just put my keys behind our bin or something, 
  this is how it was in the tinychat a few times i went on it , they all seemed like dickheads . 
  though , i went on it ages ago and they were all rad , then recently they all disappeared and were replaced by said dickheads . 
  it 's a life aim of mine to get blocked by him on twitter , i just repeatedly make snide insults occasionally . 
  recently i compared his hair to that of an irish pornstar 's minge . 
  my day was hectic too , i had one lesson and watched schindler 's list in it . 
  and even r.madrid . 
  true , but this was at the end of a lot of their careers , when they were winding down a bit . 
  our team was a bit stellar too , alonso , masch , gerrard , carragher , agger , etc. 
  it still haunts me how bellamy did n't start that game . 
  with his pace , he could have ran riot . 
  ah well . 
  there 's only one option . 
  go wait outside until someone leaves , or play on your phone . 
  too much circlejerk . 
  `` for every upvote i 'll donate # 38454 pounds to charitys ! 1 '', 
   what is the status of your location ? 
  does ultimately sceptical , and judging anyone who believes this bullshit , count ? 
  i preferred mine , personally, 
  yup, 
  ( op , knowing there 's a party on saturday ), 
  op : hey ______ , you doing anything on saturday ? 
  op 's friend : yes !, 
  i am going to ____ 's party !, 
  op : - insert various follow-up questions -, 
  etc, 
  i like to think carrots are the closest prop in all films . 
  helps me sleep at night, 
  3 years he 's been poor for , and now he just does n't fit into how we play , and we 're too scared to drop him . 
  he tries too many worldy passes , even though he does n't have it in him anymore . 
  i agree with duinn . 
  not sure if this is edited in , or not , but at the bottom of the article it now includes ` read more ` british people problems ' at reddit.com/r/britishproblems', 
  he could be important off the pitch , does n't mean he 's important on it . 
  i was the one who let the dogs out, 
  now we simply use steam on offline mode we have no internet . 
  same , they 're too serious now , it 's boring, 
  my beard is sex . 
  hershey 's chocolate . 
  tastes like vomit . 
  then kraft bought cadbury 's and now that tastes like arse . 
  he 's not exactly been unknown , he was in the office , love actually , hitchhikers guide to the galaxy , et al. 
  i get what you mean with the hobbit , world 's end , but he 's still pretty famous pre these . 
  it 'd be on the bbc , so no ads , 
  i love cox, 
  no , not 5ps !, 
  my college 's pies cost # 1.05 p , i need those 5p 's . 
  not the carling cup win ? 
  but surely enjoyable when your team * wins a trophy *, 
  oh suzie you should n't have put your name on here !, 
  i do n't know about others , but i now have your name tagged , suzie !, 
  have to say i dislike the show , and i dislike hammond and clarkson , but there are a few laughs from time to time on it . 
  23:36 ( england here ), 
  why 's he wearing one boot ? 
  bunch of stuff , books , ipod , films etc , but my favourite were my new * thermal socks . 
  saruman was in the extended edition for about 5 minutes, 
  indubitably, 
  jimmy dickinson for portsmouth , except he had a couple year outside the top division . 
  mostly in the top division though . 
  764 matches . 
  was n't a very good episode though . 
  the new companion is cute though . 
  a goofy movie . 
  the first scene in the crop field when the kid turns into goofy is terrifying . 
  i think i read a cracked article which said he wrote this song in his kitchen on the spot and it was recorded . 
  he did n't like it and wanted it deleted , but was convinced to keep it . 
  ended up as his biggest hit . 
  itt : assuming you need to be unattractive to be fa, 
  at least you have howe back :p like a match made in heaven . 
  which itself is also ` fixable ' . 
  agreed to a point , but honestly everything is fixable to a certain degree , someone being physically attractive does n't mean they ca n't have massive anxiety etc ,, 
  unless you 're going to multiple countries , please do n't call it a ` european trip ' or whatever . 
  europe is a massive play with massive cultural and economic differences between countries . 
  i guess none of us have it easy anyway, 
   another is that under rodgers ' system places an emphasis on possession and taking pot shots from 40 yards is n't an effective way of holding on to the ball .
