  as others said , middle of the pit . 
  always ends well . 
  still have my severely bruised knee from two weeks ago . 
  about two weeks ago now , at their manchester gig . 
  i came in during the second support act , young guns . 
  anyway i was n't too fussed on getting properly involved until shikari came out , so i was quite far out . 
  above me , there were these people sitting , one about 30 with glasses , and he was going fucking mental throughout it all . 
  when young guns were leaving the stage , about 50 of us all clapped and cheered for the bloke on the upper bit , he looked down , smiled and gave us a big celebration . 
  it was magical . 
  uk one did n't have anything can happen , or sorry you 're not a winner , which was quite disappointing . 
  [ / r/youtubetitties ] ( / r/youtubetitties ), 
  [ look what i stumbled across ] ( http://www.fupenguin.com/ ), 
  it was the potato, 
  as a brit , i need to special order them for extortionate price off ebay . 
  naw , it 's not that bad of a price . 
  it costs me about # 12 for each one , which is about $ 26 dollars , but once a month i can handle . 
  thanks a lot for the offer though !, 
  ever have fun with a shower head ? 
  his stomach will thank him i 'm sure, 
  cabaye 's dive was n't blatant ? 
  no actually , we 've been shite in midfield . 
  admittedly everyone gets injuries , but lucas is vitally , vitally important . 
  nothing better than a girl asking a boy out , seriously . 
  england 's , brave lionheart that is scotty parker will probably be right up there . 
  but van persie will probably win . 
  he 's had many assists yeah , but his positioning and speed have led to many at the other end . 
  impressive for 16 y/o . 
  the media seem to despise him for some reason . 
  he had a damn good net spend , won the fa cup , champions league , consistent top 4 places , as well as 2nd when we were fucking fantastic that season , yet he 's despised and skitted ... such is life, 
  had about 1200 hours on fm10 , about 800 on fm11 , and about 200 on fm12 so far . 
  not played in 3 months too . 
  stats are shite , but he was a beast for me on fm11 . 
  averaged about 7.5 in the championship . 
  tshymbala ( sp ) is always a good one, 
  we need pictures . 
  for art . 
  good man . 
  holy moly , now they 're some nice boobs . 
  suddenly i have the urge to read some shakespeare, 
  feels naughty doing the do to old boobs, 
  do n't judge him on his beliefs , much like i 'm sure you do n't like being judged on yours . 
  christianity is also rather irrational and illogical , it 's all a matter of faith and personal belief . 
  they got divorced because not enough people ` liked ' it . 
  you heartless bastards raaaaaah, 
   having stupid people in your classes, 
  if they 're attention seeking for it , then sure . 
  but if they 're genuinely not intelligent , then that is not wrong . 
   smart awkward kids who dislike everyone else because they have no social skills, 
  it 's like you 're new to reddit ... & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  i 'm in a pretty top end one where i live in the uk , it 's in the top 10 in the country or something , so most of the people in mine are pretty nice , clever , mannered people , so not a lot of things bother me really . 
  nothing internally on a large scale personality-wise , but the recent chino fad is horrible . 
  they look tacky to fuck . 
  not artificial , someone genuine and true to themselves . 
  kind , good sense of humour , and a cute laugh or smile does n't hurt . 
  beliefs do n't need to be solid , as i mentioned it 's about faith rather than logicality . 
  my scottish friend says this all of the time , i hope you do too . 
  without sounding stuck up , i 'm pretty damn smart , and my general knowledge and pun making ability is unmatched . 
  i 'm also quite philosophically wise apparently . 
  infatuation most likely . 
  a strong , mainly sexual feeling for someone , normally at a young age when you 're not quite sure what ` love ' is . 
  do n't get me wrong , it could be love , but it 's hard to tell before you have other experiences with it . 
  because when you spend 35 million on someone , you need to play him , to see if he can prove his worth . 
  you also get [ free plastic flags in big matches ] ( http://newsimg.bbc.co.uk/media/images/42649000/jpg/_42649163_chelsea416.jpg ), 
  i 'm an atheist , but i hate pretty much all fellow atheists because of how pushy and anti-religion they are . 
  i 'm an englishman , but i , like many other scousers do n't really do international football - especially england . 
  i 'll watch the euro 's , but just as a neutral really . 
  be nice if holland win , like a lot of their players . 
  they do n't throw money at players the way they used to . 
  this summer , they signed mata , lukaku . 
  about 30 million in all for the summer , spent . 
  as a liverpool fan , there 's so many players we have missed out on !, 
  cristiano ronaldo , danny alves , laudrup , anelka , david villa , vidic , chiellini , modric , evra . 
  also what if we had n't have been banned from european competitions in the ' 80 's ? 
  we would have had many more cups !, 
  video games , internet , tv , the normal really . 
  ( on reddit ) insert website here i.e `` 9gag , just steals content from reddit and reposts as own . '', 
  even though a lot of reddit content is stolen , some from 9gag/4chan . 
  etc, 
  [ same girl \\ [ pornhub \\ ] ] ( http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=322081526 ), 
  he 's come on leaps and bounds since kenny came in charge , if he went back to you , he 'd destroy that league . 
  if i was n't so lazy , i would shave , but as it is i have a pube beard so no pics for you, 
  if you embarrass yourself , strip naked a run around the hall . 
  then people wo n't remember your bad dance moves . 
  had no idea what slender man was . 
  thanks . 
  and fuck you google . 
  mirror ? 
  when will people learn ... 
  tons !, 
  the shawshank redemption , pulp fiction , the godfather , titanic , memento , reservoir dogs , inglorious basterds , the big lebowski . 
  just because i never got around to them , i watch tons of films , but i watch films based off a plot i think i 'll like , rather than what 's most famous . 
  [ easily my favourite rpg ] ( http://img1.ranker.com/list_img/2522/509815/full/the-best-of-the-ridiculously-photogenic-guy-meme.jpg?version=1333661645000 ), 
  do n't you mean the whole team 's shooting in general is bad ? 
  henderson was slightly improved yesterday i thought . 
  still think shelvey done more than him , but better than he has been for a while . 
  just needs the confidence to pass the ball , you know ... forwards . 
  pretty much . 
  suite life on deck started in 2008 too, 
  it was coming from the anfield road end , that 's all i know . 
  singing ` wonderwall ' to my friend , while the rest of the class talked .
