  and decide to shoot from 40 yards with three teammates ahead of them, 
  coordinated finger wagging . 
  suppose you could argue for accumulation for herrera . 
  good god, 
  the nivea for men billboard means lallana 's coming on . 
  matip showing them how to fucking do it . 
  more like emre canwestopdoingthisplease, 
  weird what subbing your best natural striker off can do to a game . 
  young takes 30 seconds leaving the pitch , and the match runs to 93:06 . eh ? 
  get used to it, 
  not sure if this is sarcasm or not . 
  i hope it is sarcasm . 
  i done the update , it 's not that . 
  hah , owned by a bot . 
  [ we 're having a fire sale ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=280yptyei0u ), 
  because finally a ` cultured ' english centre back, 
  i think everyone else is being sarcastic , bar you, 
  world class player, 
  ~ ~ world class player ~ ~, 
  is aguero even offside there ? 
  looked level . 
  aguero made an attempt for , or maybe even touched ( ? ), 
  the ball as it was crossed and he was offside . 
  due to the intent , it was called offside . 
  if he had n't attempted to get the ball , it would have been a goal . 
  he was running down his contract though , was n't he ? 
  i work in a cinema , loads of people always complain . 
  over this weekend just gone think we kicked out 3 seperate groups of people . 
  if you 'd have said someone answered a phone call during the movie , they probably would n't have even gave them a warning , and just kicked them straight out . 
  that 's a big no no, 
  apart from horror movies . 
  they attract the absolute worst of humanity, 
  i heard it described as tim burton 's harry potter if that helps, 
  what the other guy said . 
  we do n't need the exact seats , just a general area and then we can stand there and wait for someone to cock up and go warn them/kick them out . 
  we 're kind of used to it , and usually if w feel like they 'll mess around , we will seat them somewhere we can easily spot them and sort them out . 
  though to be fair , there 's meant to be screen checks every 45ish minutes to make sure no one 's messing about, 
  only really because of the occasion though . 
  scissor kicks happen plenty . 
  he looked so good at blackburn , thought he 'd be big . 
  nearly appointed bruce a few years ago but went for solbakken instead . 
  most pay parking near me give no change , so at least you have that going for you . 
  can pay on card from most of them , mind . 
   hits it into wall that was about 5 foot away by the time he took it, 
  almost forgot ayew joined west ham . 
  knew he was injured for a bit , but is he not doing so well ? 
  that 's why then . 
  good player . 
  zaza will have even more trouble getting into the eleven now . 
  lots of lorries are tied to a mph limit , so they need to settle for killing a smaller amount of hookers . 
  yes sir i can boogie - baccara or my sweet lord - george harrison, 
  think we sold xabi in ' 09 , and this table 's from 2010 +, 
  there 's one near me , and constantly between 3-5pm without fail the queues are around it constantly . 
  it 's in the centre of the entire town connecting like 3 towns , and in the centre of a shopping centre . 
  it 's a fucking nightmare . 
  wish we had lights . 
  correct !, 
  here 's the [ roundabout ] ( http://i4.liverpoolecho.co.uk/incoming/article9310593.ece/alternates/s615b/js63995515.jpg ) in question , the one by tesco . 
  commuters from runcorn , widnes , warrington , and even st helens use it , so peak times it 's a disgrace . 
  does n't help that the lanes are n't clearly marked , and with the new bridge 's roadworks it 's gotten even worse . 
  not just geordie mate , used in liverpool too, 
  looks like he 's walking back from taking a penalty in a shoot out, 
  in the old days before the vans were tracked , he would n't have even left his house !, 
  baby steps ... 
  barely any of the world knows him, 
  it 's just about finding a way that works for you . 
  you 'll try different diets/ways to lose , and they wo n't all work , but fear not , there 's one for you . 
  i tried keto ( hated it ) , tried snacks only ( did n't work ) , tried eating usually but exercising a lot ( did n't work , exercise is not for me ) . 
  i began by fasting twice a week , and the rest of the time just limiting my portions , and all of a sudden , success !, 
  lost 45lbs in two/three months . 
  point is , do n't give up if one way does n't work for you , there 's loads of things to try . 
  aye , me too . 
  not on a diet right now per-se , but when i was , my alcohol intake must have been about 75 % of my calories . 
  i 'd have like a bagel , some pasta , and then just drink and play games for like 4 hours . 
  mine was n't even ` healthier ' alcohol , mine was barley wine homebrew and desperado 's - y homebrew stuff . 
  drink less now , mind , but you can definitely drink and lose weight . 
  normally how it goes . 
  people are embarrassed about voting certain ways , so they lie in exit polls et al , but vote differently . 
  hate crime up is very possible . 
  happened after brexit , it suddenly became ` acceptable ' to be racist , due to leavers assuming everyone felt the same as them, 
  you 're right , they do n't . 
  it 's kind of a cop out ending . 
  some bits of it were alright , but without an explanation , or theory to it at least , it 's just bullshit . 
  through a wall . 
  agreed on tk maxx . 
  shirts and jumpers from there are decently priced , and good quality . 
  whilst we 're on the topic , where 's good for dress-y boots ? 
  current pair from asos were great , but they do n't sell the boot anymore . 
  yeah , suppose . 
  the one in liverpool city centre was the one i 'm on about . 
  only one i 've been in years, 
   guy who 'd run up a # 250 + tab each week in a bar where a bottle of peroni was # 2.50, 
  was he trying to get into every girl there , really generous , or a raging alcoholic ? 
  yeah , hundreds of years ago . 
  times change . 
  for some reason , this is the one i most hope is true . 
  surely he recognises the word ` spain ' in the title though . 
  oopsie doopsie i misread his comment . 
  ironic . 
  it 's weird how many people do n't see the need putting any lights on , just because it 's morning .
