  i like how that money could pay back the lib dems for all their money lost . 
  nah , celtic hate us lot . 
  gladbach for sure though . 
  got ta say pal , i 've not heard about this . 
  we 've had a few transfers between ( torres/garcia ) , and you lot are my favourite spanish club , but i 've not heard a lot about it all, 
   liverpool have been playing some wonderful football ,, 
  thing is , we have n't really . 
  some good games , some absolute stinkers ( see : first half of the season ) . 
  we need to get more possession , and not be so stupid in possession . 
  he wo n't be for sale , but i think if we ever had a chance for him , it 'd be now . 
  new manager , may not be in the europa league . 
  to be fair , free signings tend to come on a larger wage , since there 's plenty of competition for them since they 're free . 
  look at joe cole , jovanovic , degen etc. 
  we 're never gon na win this match . 
  unimaginative team , we always lose to chelsea . 
  2-0 chelsea . 
  maybe you need to get a life then . 
  ca n't think of a single reason why johnson is getting a start . 
  spend buckets of money , and he 's our best full back ? 
  really ? 
  the rafa mourinho rivalry was great . 
  do n't know why they 're not bothering showing any of our goals in this montage :(, 
  rodgers is a masochist . 
  if you 're still worried about finishing top four , do n't . 
  doubt we 'll even get another point this season . 
  i just want it to end . 
  surely a fire hazard ? 
  because i 've never seen a worse striker at liverpool than balotelli . 
  deserved yellow . 
  edit - shocking tackle . 
  that could have been red . 
  studs up . 
  maybe if we 'd have surrounded the ref ... 
  brilliant defending lads . 
  well done , you shit houses . 
  i 'm past the point of being disappointed , it 's just funny and depressing now . 
  got ta love gk clearances to ... sterling . 
  i love the fierce rivalry between liverpool and san jose . 
  titillating stuff . 
  if anyone 's to sing it , it should be chelsea . 
  what i did n't like are leicester singing it . 
  50 million for sterling , anyone ... ? 
  ref would have given that if fabregas had n't already been booked . 
  pulled him . 
  would you say fabregas should be off , too then ? 
  hahahaha !, 
  watch him every game . 
  he might just make it into the top ten . 
   chelsea ca n't even be arsed with their existence . 
  hence the gerrard song ? 
  we got a striker who 's clearly best attribute is heading . 
  shame we have no players who can actually cross a ball . 
  studs up on the ankle . 
  afterwards , he pulled sterling back , too . 
  frustrating stuff . 
  hahahaha !, 
  academy kid . 
  rated quite highly . 
  can score . 
  ibe , sterling and sinclair have all played together at youth level , hopefully that 'll show . 
  for fucks sake . 
  the day we get someone who can cross or take a free kick , is the day we 'll actually get somewhere . 
  we did n't play badly , but we did n't play well enough . 
  no ability to cross or finish . 
  we really need new full backs . 
  seen this on twitter ;, 
  `` you coming to the pub before the game mate ? '', 
  `` nah not today , i 've got to laminate my steven gerrard signs . '', 
  balotelli and lambert are off . 
  he 's been terrible , and brendan clearly does n't like him . 
  a russian official talking about a country words apart . 
  okay . 
  but you will in russia ? 
  it 's not like putin 's saying it , just an ` official ' . 
  even if it was putin , he 's just chatting shit . 
  he knows fuck all about it . 
  not everything is a conspiracy . 
  russia knows fuck all about the scottish referendum . 
  just because the snp have won all but one seats in scotland means nothing . 
  it was a close vote predicted , in the end they voted to keep the status quo , as people do when they 're unsure . 
  that 's it . 
  a russian ` official ' can speculate all he wants , unless he comes up with some solid evidence , he 's just speculating to an empty room . 
  please direct me to this ` evidence ' ? 
  yeah , i bet dave cameron just phones and emails the queen talking about how they rigged the referendum . 
  the moment he tweets from the metro , mail , caughtoffside , goal i 'm unfollowing, 
  hernanes or mertens for me . 
  if i saw someone smoking weed and driving , i 'd phone the police . 
  whether you think you 're more than capable of smoking and driving , it 's a fucking stupid thing to do . 
  clearly not watched him play, 
  same here . 
  i 'd fight for nicola sturgeon ... 
  i 'm english , never seen it at any movie . 
  seen the lotr and dark knight trilogy in the cinema , no applauses . 
  then i 'd go home and give it a 10/10 on imdb instead ... 
  what he said . 
  also he ca n't cross , or shoot too well . 
  causes a lot of problems though . 
  i never said they 're below me . 
  where i am , we do n't clap at the end of movies . 
  or at least i never experienced it .
