  allowing the smart ones to be together , the creative ones to be together , etc allows them to `` bounce off each other '' and thus all achieve better as a result . 
  can tell you 're a tory !, 
  this is basically the tripartite system , which personally i think is terrible . 
  you should n't be tested so young , and your * whole * life dependent on that one exam . 
  i am a labour supporter ( uk ) . 
  i 'm pretty left wing , however i 'm not massively a labour fan , they 're just the lesser of two evils . 
  i generally despise the conservatives , and everything they stand for . 
  good thing though , is that labour are pretty weak right now , however i ca n't see any way labour will lose the next election , as long as they stay away from major controversy , the conservatives will probably hand the control to labour . 
  the local elections proved this . 
  that link was purple , i ca n't remember watching that on youtube, 
  the economy has yet to pick up in the last two years , there 's no proof that it 'll get better in the next two years . 
   i 'd just like to point out that labour are the ones who wrecked the economy . . food for thought . 
  not really . 
  it 's a global recession , sure labour fucked up a few policies , but they are not responsible for how we are . 
   and the tripartite system is the best system . 
  grammar school is the best thing that ever happened to me and it gives the smart kids a chance to actually learn instead of being held back by the morons who do n't like school . 
  it 's a far more successful system than our current one at any rate . 
  do you honestly think it 's fair to test kids at 11 , then assign them to a career and life from that exam ? 
  that is far too early for any exams of that importance . 
  i think once it comes to more light , about what the tories are doing to the nhs , there will be absolute outrage . 
  i despise the tories ' view that everyone on benefits is just lazy , does n't want to work etc , it 's complete bullshit . 
  half of them would probably work , if they actually opened up more jobs , instead of killing them off . 
   and they do n't believe that ( i get disability benefits ) . 
  but they have a point . 
  if you 're fully able bodied and not actively looking for a job , in my opinion , you should lose your job seekers & unemployment benefit . 
  benefit cheats disgust me and i think being hard on them is far better than being soft . 
  oh i think they should look for jobs , but the problem is that there 's hardly * any * jobs out there for anyone . 
  you 'll always get the few who are happy to sit on job seekers , but they need to understand that 's not a lot of people who do that . 
   i get the feeling people who oppose tripartite are simply the ones who would not get into grammar school and would be jealous of those who did . 
  germany have a system similar to tripartite and look where they are ... 
  nope . 
  i 'm a straight a/b student , done well throughout all of my schooling , never got in trouble in school or anything . 
  i 'm at one of the top 10 colleges in the country , yet i oppose the tripartite system fully . 
   i know you said the kids are too young at 11 ... but what age then ? 
  there should n't be one . 
  your entire future should n't be decided on one exam , it should be decided through prolonged periods of testing from 11-18 . 
  of course not everyone is bound for university , but people should have the choice to go to one if they so choose to , and try to be what they want to be . 
  if someone does badly at the 11 + test , for whatever reason , i dunno , maybe a relative 's died , or whatever , they 'll be doomed for a life of mediocrity in a field they might not want to be . 
  bringing back the tripartite system would well and truly destroy the idea of ` work hard and you can achieve what you want . ', 
  people , at 11 , * do not * know what they will want to be in future life . 
  about the idea of ` stupid people holding me back ' - are you unaware of streaming and sets ? 
  in secondary school i was in a top set , with fellow people who were expected similar to myself , whilst those who were targeted lower were in the bottom sets with their fellow underachievers . 
  to overcome this problem , we have someone sit on our favourite table in the corner , from morning until 4pm . 
  that is * our * spot , if any shitty little as ' sit there , we 'll judge them , then swarm like vultures when they leave . 
  but i think we 've got that table down now , most people know their place now and leave it alone . 
  well you did only give 5 minutes for someone to mention them ... 
  i dread for next year when i start uni , i ca n't help but get up constantly early . 
  i 'll be so alone, 
  same . 
  been to every home game for 6 years or so , not heard anything i think . 
  away matches , fair enough , i do n't go to them, 
   used to, 
  in a thread about some guy who predicted the number of holocaust victims , someone mentioned how 5 million killed were n't jews , another guy responded and said why would be bother putting pow 's etc in that list , and i responded by saying ` because he was pedantic ' . 
  fuck it , i found it funny . 
  '' ... and then i got a prolapsed rectum ... 
  ... but enough about me , how are you ? '', 
  nope . 
  used to at my high school though , randomly bring dogs in few times a year . 
  weird thing is someone in one of my classes who i know was actually high at the time they were there once , got off fine, 
  jack robinson is my preference . 
  sometimes , not often , but sometimes , we 'll hear a chant from a classroom that goes `` e-on-ey '' , and then another class will start chanting it , and before we know it , we 'll all ascend on the field wearing tall red cloaks and will sacrifice young blood to the great god , imhotep , before ascending into a mass orgy . 
  please , your hair looks * fabulous *, 
  his distribution has been awful , which used to be his biggest plus point . 
  but it 's not just this year , he 's been getting worse and worse for a year or two , not just this season . 
  he needs competition for his place , all due respect to jones/doni , but they 're pretty poor . 
  decent player , always worked hard and in his younger days was a bit of a beast . 
  hope he does well down there, 
  honestly he 'd have a place in any team in england , bar city/united . 
  he 's gon na be really good i reckon . 
  i 'd take him in a heartbeat, 
   cuz fuck you, 
  he clearly wants upvotes . 
  reverse psychology brah . 
  i used relay tv by 8 minutes to make some tea , so i had to avoid social networks until the end of the episode . 
  i could n't drink them in the street , i 'd be judged as some yob or something , and i can not have that . 
  though i drank three in two hours in college wednesday , i crashed the rest of the day . 
  it was horrible . 
  ign : 7.9 / 10, 
  edge : 6/10, 
  game informer : 8.75 / 10, 
  polygon : 4/10, 
  gonewild request . 
  once we get a solid capable left back , and proper 9 that can score and replace torres , finally , i 'm sure we will . 
  mine is whichever is available in the house , fuck it , tea 's tea . 
  i 'd rather have crap tea over no tea . 
  suppose rimmer could have asked holly to age him to keep up with the cat and lister . 
  geeks and freaks saddened me when it got cancelled . 
  ah yes , i thought it did n't look right , i looked at it and thought ` hmm ' , then ` fuck it ' and opened a drink . 
  so thank you . 
  final fantasy 13 's one http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejpbozromx4, 
  carroll should be able to cause a bit of mayhem against arsenal 's fullbacks , if he peels off and they pump it wide . 
  kind of see his point , rodgers probably should n't criticise so publicly . 
  however , downing 's been pure garbage and i hope we sell asap . 
  still think we 'd get a bit of # # # off him . 
  if rodgers is insistent on criticising player publicly , then reina/gerrard are in for a torrid time, 
  i do n't like him , nor watch his show , but if people did n't insistently shout ` potato ' when talking about it , or potatoes , then i would n't care . 
  but they do , and i hate him for nearly ruining ` taters for me . 
  #abusedavidcameron is now trending , and this one had me in stitches, 
  the don @andrew_jopson, 
  #abusedavidcameron you keep your tomato sauce in the fridge you weapon .
