  it 's so tempting now that you 're not in school to skip lessons , skipping is fun depending on what for , just be careful you do n't overdo it . 
  plant a flag and get a royal visit, 
  `` we lost on penalties to portugal again , but we taught them to play so we 're the real winners here '', 
  every sixth form is different about where you can go/do etc , but if this is your first time then that 's no bother . 
  do n't think i went to any lessons about a week before our study leave , i just pissed about/studied solo, 
  yeah i did , i did n't mind it to be honest , it was nice going back to classes after the stress of exams , especially since it was only for a couple of weeks . 
  your teachers will barely do anything with you , we just watched movies and done simple intro work . 
  i done history , and we watched two films , and done easy stuff like timelines and stuff like that . 
  everyone 'll just be chilled out , it 's pretty sweet to be honest . 
  looking back , sixth form was a fun time . 
  he 's a journeyman , and he 's only 23 . 
  impressive . 
  what are the reasons against the b league exactly ? 
  not paying tax is a main reason people dislike the church . 
  that and the fact the vatican is ridiculously wealthy , apparently having about 10 billion in the vatican 's coffers alone . 
  surely it is a scam if religion were all bullshit ? 
  ( not saying it is or is n't , that 's another discussion ) . 
  make someone believe in a deity , tell them to praise them ( and donate if you want a vip section in heaven ) etc. 
  thing is , juve are now looking to challenge in the cl correct ? 
  of those strikers , i 'm not sure which are truly , for lack of a better term ` world class ' . 
  i 'd like to think he 'll be laughing at people for not asking for meat and mead . 
  `` bunch of phonies in there '', 
  worth it for looking at kat dennings . 
  i think moving everything about five , ten minutes would make more chaos . 
  you 're annoyed when you miss your show , but then you just wait half an hour for it on +1 or catchup or something , but missing the beginning is gut wrenching . 
  you just killed everyone in china . 
  strongbow 's # 2 at my local, 
  you can change your dns and use the us ones, 
  66/1 for iceland . 
  now i play the waiting game ... 
  our houses are made out of bricks . 
  same , apart from when i 'm at work . 
  rush it at work , so i do n't hog the toilet . 
  where i live it seems as if chains are just growing , and independent ones are dying . 
  loved that !, 
  he was so completely speechless it was great . 
  to be fair , this year i think the uk might do okay . 
  top half of the table i think . 
  hope iceland or finland win , purely because i have bets on them at 66/1 and 150/1, 
  it was n't during the writer 's striker , it happened in season 3 . 
  season 4 was the writer 's strike , that 's why the season is so short . 
  four *, 
  curious , how did you get diagnosed with that ? 
  * the mail . 
  it 's on lads, 
  how competitive is the field though ? 
  never bought one where i did n't get 50 % off through a deal . 
  he done a step over in the group stages . 
  yes . 
  heskey done a step over . 
  you had the disadvantage of only hiring a competent manager late on in the season . 
  you 'll be challenging for automatic next year, 
  they owe about 30 million in transfer fees , and still need to pay off their debts for their training ground . 
  oh definitely , but the echo always have more info on the fees/demands etc, 
  yup . 
  the only other arguably more reliable sources are the local papers who have loads of legit links to the clubs . 
  ( i.e echo for liverpool/everton ), 
  comfortably . 
  goes metro/daily mail/s * n  espn/mirror  guardian/torygraph  times/local papers etc, 
  first liverpool manager to do so, 
  he 's come a long way from when he was with us , that 's for sure . 
  he was woeful, 
  i agree . 
  however , if it was ronaldo ... 
  no trials demo either . 
  was only going to buy it if i got the demo and liked it . 
  no demo , so i wo n't bother, 
  is it a repost when i just cropped it myself . 
  either way , taking it down then . 
  if there 's one certainty in football , it 's that sam 's team will never be relegated . 
  he could manage yeovil in the premier league , and they would n't be relegated, 
  they 're a band , in case anyone was curious . 
  and they 're fucking great . 
  in some places , yes . 
  but not in most . 
  the bit that annoys me most is that he runs to the defence , realises he 's over ran it and loses it . 
  he really needs to improve his decision making . 
  my worry with moreno was how many times he went to ground , he made one excellent covering tackle , but the other times he missed . 
  who would buy torres and pay him what he 'd think an acceptable wage ? 
  might be talking out my arse , but i remember in january when he was about to go to brighton ( ? 
  ) , a lot of bournemouth fans were n't too disappointed . 
  i think he 's one of those who 's scored plenty , but also misses a lot, 
  found it http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/1vcyxk/brighton_trigger_11_million_release_clause_for/, 
  they were happy with 1.1 mil , so 3 mil they 'll be ecstatic, 
  maybe that 's why he never performs too great in international tournies , it 's a clone, 
  and lovren , apparently . 
  however , echo are still saying moreno 's our top target for lb , so hopefully we do n't get bertrand, 
  i would n't worry , i trust the echo more and they 're saying moreno 's our top lb target . 
  with our current full backs , we need at least another one or two , and that 's without getting rid of any . 
  think most of our issues came from full back, 
  same , i think a lot of people quite like them . 
  always nice to see an underdog story , like when they won la liga . 
  that 's a brilliant finish to be fair, 
  easy so far for hull . 
  such a simple goal, 
  dazed and confused . 
   the queens legs . 
  after a bit of googling , i 'm sold . 
  can you recommend me a good one ? 
  i already have an e-cig , i thought ` vape pens ' were more for vaping herb ?
