  talking and screaming 's fine , but quietly singing oasis is too far !, 
  agreed . 
  definitely better than capdevilla , younger too . 
  it 's a matter of time . 
  i 'm pretty strongly marxist , though i do come from a very working class area , where most of the people are labour supporters , i seem to be further left than them . 
  take her for a nice night of * dogging *, 
  [ / r/adventuretime ] ( / r/adventuretime ) because fuck you . 
  teletext was the bomb !, 
  nostalgic feeling , before we had internet , i remember looking up new and stuff . 
  too old, 
  guys do similar things , too . 
  hans was n't, 
  killer klownz from outer space, 
  a lighter and gasoline . 
  it would have been to him too , had they won it . 
  my father was involved in hillsborough , and i know he prefers to attend memorials , and that the match would kind of overshadow the memorials , and be a distraction . 
  you get half his karma in the break up . 
  i 'd do it, 
  firstly , manchester , nice , i live very , very close . 
  secondly , long term relationships wo n't last . 
  when i liked someone who lived a while away , i cut contact completely , did n't work as i felt like a wanker . 
  you could tell the person that you 've got a so and see how he/she reacts . 
  i have hyperhydrosis too . 
  armpits , and my ass . 
  armpits are solved with some roll on stuff , but my ass sweats so much still . 
  i know he got booked recently , for someone standing on his foot . 
  villa , i think ? 
  beats prawn sandwiches , huh ? 
  all too predictable whenever liverpool 's mentioned unfortunately , the stereotypes have took hold . 
  man , i miss him . 
  one of my all time favourite liverpool players . 
  with him in front of the backline , you know what you 're going to get - pure desire , determination and fantastic ability . 
  glad to see he 's doing so well at barcelona , he deserves it . 
  would love to see him back here at some point , albeit i doubt it , but he 's a legend up here, 
  binge drink , call everyone ` lad ' or ` mate ' , and try to understand the amazing variety of accents . 
  train simulator, 
  not really a scary story for anyone other than me , but anyway . 
  the house i live is quite old , nothing too old or anything , but the walls are thick , very , very thick that i ca n't hear neighbours do * anything * , helped probably because there 's pensioners on either side , but still not a tthing . 
  i was about 11 , downstairs watching batman , everyone else was in bed ( shocking , i know !, 
  did n't see * that * coming ) . 
  over the sound of the tv i heard laughter , nothing much , i carried on watching it . 
  about 30 minutes later , i heard it again , only louder , kind of freaked out now . 
  calmed myself down , then heard it again , the kitchen door slammed and i though nopenopenope and ran off to bed . 
  yeah . 
  not scary , but freaked me tae fuck out . 
  oh , plus more or less the same thing happened a year later , around the same time . 
  and a radio turning itself on , full blast , on a radio station , when i had it on the cd function the day earlier . 
  very good of everton fans with the jft96 campaign today . 
  may the best team win !, 
  poor , unbalanced side . 
  awful tactics . 
  it 's like there 's been no practice or thought in the tactics and team . 
  this would n't have happened under rafa . 
   this was a triumph ... 
   i knew that this was fake . 
  nobody at my school believes me . 
  i done this , except with `` schnell kartoffeln '', 
  come at me . 
  done, 
  thank you for your continued business, 
  [ link to video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_iq5yzj-dk&amp;feature=my_favorites&amp;list=flgas1dqa9ehuoksxqn6lfhg ), 
  nice nails . 
  in his defence , he 's put good balls occasionally , but they 're always missed because our strikers have the timing and accuracy of a grape . 
  adam . 
  possibly henderson , but he 's played out of position and he 's young . 
  mind , he 's still probably better than adam . 
  typical fore - ... oh wait , nevermind . 
  ctrl + f 'd ` adam ' . 
  no responses . 
  not sure if good or bad, 
  i do n't own my vagina, 
  my vagina owns me :(, 
  adam spunknuggets, 
  clean it next time . 
  hillsborough chants on today , of all days ; those fans can get to fuck . 
  i 've never met a nice no_humour !, 
  chelsea fans singing ` murderers ' and other things , then spurs fans responded by booing them , apparently . 
  shocking from those ` fans ' , first class bellends, 
  i 'm in england , so it 's 6:35 now , so i 'm afraid i 'm late :( i 'm sorry, 
  and is a mutant, 
  in africa , he 's shown as black . 
  in white dominated areas , he 's portrayed as white , because kids could be confused and whatnot . 
  1408 , pandorum , nightwatch ( danish ) . 
  that 's true , but a lot of players get other players sent off for simulation , so it kind of evens out . 
  there 's something on your lips , i 'll get it off for you ... 
  that 's an impressive amount of up/down votes for a comment . 
  very even , bravo, 
  got you tagged as ` is wanker ' , have we crossed paths before , pal ? 
  [ not this one . 
  ] ( http://uk.imdb.com/title/tt0110631/ ), 
  pokemon movie , when pikachu is trying to revive ash when he 's stone . 
  not the most obvious choice , but in person - enter shikari . 
  not sure how this place feels about them , but they were bloody fantastic . 
  on video - radiohead . 
  brilliant . 
  i have that headset . 
  yes that 's what i 'm looking at, 
  you were too ugly to rape so i beat the shit out of you - anal cunt, 
  serious answer ; in my life - the beatles, 
  chances are , you know a dealer,
