  call arab looking players bombers , called black folks black cunts et al. 
  funnily enough , he disappeared after about a year ... 
  nah , he had a few decent games around this [ time ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2ef8ms_what-a-shot-lazar-markovic-sunderland-liverpool_sport ), 
  hope it 's in liverpool . 
  lucky lucky lovren . 
  they had a tom cruise one the other week, 
  `` shit down , shit down '' too . 
  i think of this could be rotterdam , or anywhere , liverpool or rome, 
  why would be wan na join bristol city though ? 
  i 'm not even sure if it has , or it 's just that he now has someone over 5 ' 7 to aim for, 
  well it is out . 
  you just spoiled an episode of the new x-files, 
  yeah , no one shits in a club , especially . 
  got all those blokes selling aftershave outside . 
  do n't want them to hear me poop . 
  swear these coral shops came out of nowhere . 
  nearly as many of them as greggs . 
  i thought his contract had ended so he 's not barca 's, 
  you studying com science at ljmu ? 
  i 'm second year doing it mate . 
  we certainly need more info about this one, 
  he had his moments , but the entire team struggled . 
  started first two games this season , been a bit underwhelming so far . 
  expecting more . 
  i 'd seen this scene before i 'd watch the show , so i knew how it ended , but it was the last few episodes which hit me like a ton of bricks . 
  when [ spoiler ] ( #s `` nate dies '' ), 
  mental decision . 
  leaves us with four midfielders . 
  one of who always gets injured in allen . 
  as much as i love can , not sure he can be our only dm when we 'll be in europe , league and the cups . 
  fans being priced out . 
  been similar for years now . 
  played well against stoke , but against bournemouth he looked a bit shaky again . 
  lucky for the goal not to stand , and let wilson goalside few times . 
  what the shit ? 
  in mine , some things were banned . 
  yu-gi-oh , beyblades etc , but they would n't dare ban something like sports . 
  iirc this is why after ww2 the reparations were less/better spaced out , because the great depression was a huge cause in the nazi 's gaining popularity due to how fucked the country was . 
  yeah , the sterling deal did n't help city . 
  wolfsburg know city desperately want him and have the resources to . 
  they 'll just happily bide their time , and they 'll get the cash they want . 
  maybe if everyone has it, 
  he 's a bean now . 
  no way does krul ever have to buy a pint in newcastle , the amount of times he 's saved their bacon . 
  there 's nothing wrong with celebrating your irish heritage , even if you 're not entirely sure of where your roots lie , but the ` fuck the english ' point of view is so dumb . 
  i 'm english , yet part irish . 
  the ` irish hate the english ' view in some places is so over the top and way out of proportion, 
  not even just that , but chances are they have both irish and english blood, 
  he seems like he 's been around for ages , honestly thought we would make him our back up, 
  he was boss on fifa to be fair , my super sub, 
  you must have fucking hated rooney, 
  you must hate the italian league, 
  fucking fm had gave me an encyclopedia knowledge of everything, 
  i would love him . 
  type of player we need . 
  yeah the shooting is good , the various weapon types is decent . 
  but after spending # 50 on a five hour story , and having to buy dlc to play the rest of the game is terrible . 
  reason i 've not pre-ordered a game since . 
  happy 30th all the way to happy 40th for the same person . 
  perfect . 
  yeah it was terrible . 
  the last original series was n't amazing , but it was still good . 
  the latest season was good too , but back to earth was just horrible . 
  no laugh track , shoe-horned in the whole coronation street storyline , urgh . 
  honestly , i think we could do a lot worse than bringing in an out-and-out defensive mid . 
  our defensive mid does n't really have to do any expansive passing , they just need to sit inbetween the defensive mids and wait for hendo/milner to drop back , or one of the centre backs to step forwards . 
  or maybe i 'm just sick of us conceding so many soft goals due to being cut open so i 'm hoping for anyone . 
  you gon na give a link or what ? 
  5pm gmt-time . 
  that 's fine by me . 
  that 's cst time . 
  so 5pm on gmt, 
  it 'll settle down . 
  i was able to open a few packs and now it 's booted me twice , put me in a 11 ~ minute queue, 
  i opened five packs , and it 's booted me three times now . 
  getting through the waiting times and then boots me again ... 
  we never do well at the emirates, 
  trust me , no one worthwhile should write arsenal off against us . 
  we always lose at the emirates, 
  odd seeing milner as captain . 
  christ . 
  so close . 
  really need one early on . 
  need to shoot more, 
  opened five at 6pm , kicked out since, 
  counting their # # #, 
  good game . 
  we dominated the first half , them , the second . 
  moreno 's new role suits him perfectly , but goddamn why did n't he pass the ball there . 
  we look a completely different side , we 're actually looking defensively competent . 
  we attacked plenty . 
  did you miss the first half ? 
  should n't that be saturday ? 
  al ` akir if you okay shaman, 
  i got golden varian too , not the legendary i wanted , but i 'm not complaining, 
  edit - eadric , not varian , varians great, 
  frothing berserker surely ? 
  anyway , with varian i 'm happy if i pull a weapon , belcher and nerubian egg . 
  i do n't have a lot of the good warrior cards , but i 've gone 4-0 with varian, 
  not really , no , it 's very common in the uk to use debit cards,
