  i find it funny , how probably most of the downvotes are from people who live ages away from the club they support . 
  i know at least five redditors in mine . 
  and that 's just from my friends . 
  bruce loveaxe, 
  the bi-daily tinychat ` join us ' thread i see . 
  i do n't really see it like that . 
  that was their first album , if you look at tkol , you can see just how much they 've changed . 
  i do n't think it was because of label pressure or anything , i just think they changed as musicians very gradually . 
  someone cut in line in college once . 
  i was flabbergastered , i did n't know what to say , so i just said nothing - then gave her a dodgy look at the checkout . 
  bitch had it coming . 
  i regret nothing . 
  and yet , it currently looks like it could end 50/50 in america . 
  mad . 
  without sounding like a complete dick , did you research if it was worth it , before you started the course ? 
  i mean , i do general studies , and i know it 's worth fuck all , so i wo n't try . 
  the vibrations on buses sometimes do it , think it 's relatively normal though . 
  you went to school with very bad kids . 
  i wo n't even lie - it 'd involve sexually explicit acts on people . 
  lot 's of people . 
  or maybe just the same person constantly ... 
  by any chance is she into incest ? 
  but seriously , sucks mate . 
  we 've all been there, 
  proud is n't the word right about now , i 've finally breached their holiness !, 
  dazed and confused . 
  i get no itch at all . 
  i quite like having shorter ones , but honestly i do n't care that much . 
  it really does n't affect me either way, 
  it 's my only hope . 
  you can do it !, 
  if i can do it , so can you !, 
  thank god i got to it before it started running my life then :d, 
  i think most people do this , if you knew what your life would hold ? 
  why bother living ? 
  he 's from northern england , so no rice krispy treats i 'm afraid . 
  maybe a bar of cadbury 's . 
  holy shit i never realised that . 
  i 'd rather those little cornflake cake things kids make for cake sales and stuff, 
  i got it on release on the xbox , it really is awful . 
  it 's like a badly done copy of cod in just about everything , from weapon system to multiplayer and its modes . 
  shame , thought this had a lot of promise with its general concept , but it 's the worst bond i 've ever played . 
  the lack of good voice acting was the main killing point for me, 
  a lot of people over there * love * the accent, 
  as am i , just any general will probably go down a hoot over there, 
  same !, 
  it 's so painfully common , i hardly ever text anyone first , too afraid of rejection , ergo meaning i hardly to talk to anyone . 
  reading the replies to this shocked me a bit , personally , i do n't want to shag anything with a vagina . 
  i mean do n't get me wrong , there 's plenty out there , but i have a couple of female friends i do n't even think about like that , one of my best friends in high school was a girl and not once did i think about her etc. 
  pretty much dead on . 
  trying any type of physical contact , not exactly touching dick , but just on the shoulder or arm or whatever . 
  hope to god they 're so buried they 'll never see it . 
  does ellen page count ? 
  if so , her . 
  all . 
  day . 
  [ evanna lynch ] ( http://images.fanpop.com/images/image_uploads/evanna-evanna-lynch-122730_398_594.jpg ) too . 
  the blonde irish girl from harry potter . 
  generally left winged , politically , as well as mainly atheist . 
  i think about 2/3 's of british teens are atheist , and europe in general seems to be very secular compared to the ` states . 
  i still find it pretty bizarre when i see posts about americans having to ` come out ' about being atheist to their family and all that , it is just not a big issue or problem over here . 
  in that respect , i love how we 're so cool about all that . 
  there 's less of a social taboo in some places on underage drinking over here , think it 's because over here we do it either 16/18 legally , but in the ` states you do it at 21 legally , so you 'll start a bit later than us . 
  very different school system , with the nursery , primary , high schools , college and uni . 
  you have all the senior , freshman etc stuff which baffles me . 
  dead poets society . 
  but are n't all people insecure , really ? 
  i mean i get you could say insecure than most etc , but insecure about what exactly ? 
  no time to self , basically hanging off your arms like a monkey . 
  nine kisses ? 
  * nine * . 
  surely that 's more than the social norm !, 
  also sounds like it takes a lot of effort, 
  i love you too , hannah . 
  * we all love you *, 
  out of curiosity , do i know said dude ? 
  ( obligatory : xxxxxxxxx ), 
  well then , i think you need to spill the beans !, 
  ( obligatory : xxxxxxxxx ), 
  her : `` your grammar is atrocious and it puts me off '', 
  hahaha , i got ` cha immediately !, 
  ( obligatory : xxxxxxxxx ), 
  i felt bad just typing it . 
  do n't worry . 
  be thankful i did n't talk about ` prom ', 
  oh no worries . 
  college here is from the ages of 16-18 generally , then university is from 18-21 ( or longer ) . 
  college is like what you might call being a senior , or something , i think . 
  our colleges are sometimes in the same building as our secondary ( high school ) were , but it 's the decision of the kid to choose , he could go to a completely seperate college , which is n't attached to a high school etc : ~ ), 
  i 'm more worried about my * pocket cost *, 
  as a 17 year old , even i know who nin are , and how awesome trent is . 
  op 's post was from someone who just posted ` insane ' . 
  i did n't know how to respond , so i left it , fuck that , try keep the conversation going . 
  i know your feel * hug * . 
  went one on saturday , brought the host a melon for his birthday . 
  it was quite fun , not the best , like . 
  it involved me drinking rum and coke , watching people trip on drugs they clearly ca n't handle , quite loud music , a tent in the garden which just stank of weed the entire night . 
  then it started kicking off between a few people , someone cracked their skull open , and the police were called . 
  by this time though , i was walking home with the usual ` drunk texting syndrome ' . 
  i know a lot of people here in / r/teenagers do n't seem to like parties , and are bit of a social enigma , but fuck it , i really enjoy them .
