  and tony b 's denied it . 
  daily mail at it again . 
  we seen him first !, 
  mine used to do this , and i loved it . 
  but they stopped it five year ago or so . 
  when i moved to newcastle , the only thing that surprised more people than my accent was the suggestion of a meat and potato pie in greggs . 
  ... i like downtown ... 
  what do n't you like ? 
  their spotify account makes me sad . 
  none of their songs have more than 1000 plays . 
  might make it a bit easier actually , mate !, 
  got an excuse for being cautious . 
  they can cancel the test if the weathers too bad or too much traffic , i was told , but i 'd imagine its up to your tester, 
  grats !, 
  how many minors ? 
  i got 7 in mine , luckily for me my manoeuvres were the easy ones, 
  in the book they addressed this , but they 're both very different animals . 
  think so ? 
  he 's scored goals every club he 's been at . 
  do n't think he 'll play for a ` big club ' , but i can see him scoring quite well for a lower-prem side . 
  bus drivers ? 
  a lot of them are dicks when you 're boarding the bus , but they 're great drivers . 
  always find them really considerate . 
  i remember few years ago , my auntie died and they said i was going to have to show them her death certificate in order to stay off . 
  boy did that escalate quickly . 
  i just want david duchovny to reprise his role . 
  he really is . 
  he 's a monster , can run right through a midfield , got the technical ability to actually do something when he does , too . 
  extra time , then pens . 
  no point us having corners , we never do anything with them . 
  you hero . 
  hit the crossbar again , too !, 
  you must have a fulfilling , happy life with that username , eh ? 
  he thrown it to a player , that 's all that matters . 
  watch tipping point , you 'll feel like a genius, 
  iirc newcastle is like that too, 
   glad your still alive , 
  this sounds really threatening in my head . 
  fair to say though for the money spent , the performances have n't been good enough . 
  ya bellend, 
  this , as well as white socks . 
  black, 
  i seen hendo on a night out in newcastle once . 
  he was drinking coke . 
  prepare for the 98p shops, 
  not seen no offer on pringles for absolute years . 
  `` 1 for # 4 , or 2 for # 2 ! '', 
  forcing me to buy two . 
  maddening . 
  to be honest , this will probably put off a lot of poor students from going out . 
  that 's why they get so shitfaced before going out . 
  half the cast seems to live next to me , see them constantly . 
  pseudo celebrities in their shitty bmw 's . 
  what, 
  jinxed it . 
   facking, 
  settle down ` arry, 
  regional thing , i think . 
  where i am people can handle them pretty simply . 
  especially when seperated by lights . 
  got ta love the classics , newcastle brown . 
  not bought a footy top since 2008 . 
  how much is a normal shirt these days ? 
  aye , hendo would n't leave . 
  he 's going to be captain in the summer , if he went anywhere else he 'd be competing to start . 
  to think , it used to be the friendly derby, 
  ospina does n't look like a footballer . 
  how has it taken so long for spurs , and anybody to see how good kane is ? 
  has a knock . 
  not surprised , since it 's a derby . 
  besic bad tackle will probably have tried to do him . 
  sterling was n't exactly on form either, 
  i wish i could finish first for once, 
  if it 's a kid i 'd much rather them cycle on the pavement . 
  too many dickhead kids on bikes after school think they 're invincible . 
  well to start , norton himself , is n't even british ... 
  lib dems , i got . 
   i side with liberal democrats on 95 % of political issues . 
  conflicting . 
  still a bit messy so far , cutting between a huge group of people for 1/2 minute scenes . 
  we 'd be * okay * . 
  between us and everton , there 'd be a decent pool of players . 
  gerrard , lambert , martin kelly , leighton baines , scott dann , joey barton ( hah ) , rodwell , barkley , rooney , nolan , john walters , off top of my head . 
  how was kolo ? 
  any chance ? 
  [ nani got an upgrade ... ] ( http://youoffendmeyouoffendmyfamily.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/screen-shot-2010-09-15-at-11.21.14-pm-400x242.png ), 
  urgh , kill five enemies , have two left , run over a bloody bomb, 
  [ any day now ... ] ( https://stockimagemedical.files.wordpress.com/2010/06/watermarked_4b0e448617404cc_stuhl12.jpg ), 
  lerner wants to sell them . 
  he does n't want to buy players because he 's looking to sell them , so he 's trying to buy as little as , as long as they 're not relegated , to keep as much of his money . 
  can put blame on lambert , too , mind . 
  he 's done pretty well with the players he 's brought in , and got playing . 
  whenever i 've seen him players are n't really performing , though , like benteke . 
  i thought fully auto guns were illegal or something in america ? 
  / ignorant brit . 
  we have some bus lanes in the uk , but they 're only really for cities/city centres . 
  does the bag not split ? 
  yeah fuck the mass media , as i type this on reddit , before visiting facebook , and then using steam and xbox . 
  oh right , that makes more sense . 
  out of curiosity , what is the purpose of having a fully auto gun ?
