  of course nearly is n't actually doing it , but we came frustratingly close in 2009 . 
  i 've got the work rate , just not the ability to run quickly , or much at all due to a dodgy knee . 
  willy topp holds a place in my heart . 
  few years ago he was the low league legend . 
  get him for free , barely any wages , bsn/s to league 1 he would get you 30 goals constantly . 
  that and a great name . 
  1gb , always go over it . 
  never realised how much snapchat takes up, 
  unlucky mate , would n't wish that upon my worst enemy, 
  amazing how quickly things change from may to now ... 
   bloody cold, 
  see we 're rubbing off on you, 
  the tide turned at that point . 
  we were just getting momentum going , and united were slipping just before then . 
  once the mystery was gone , it kind of dropped away from me . 
  once the others came more into it , and they got their own stories and stuff , the mystery just disappeared . 
  i mean your part in the commonwealth and you using our lingo !, 
  i 'm english , so i 'm posting from that pov . 
  here a lot of people wear poppies around this time , as rememberance . 
  i 'm completely for that . 
  however it 's now used to remember people who died in iraq/afghanistan , and honestly i 'm not thankful for their efforts . 
  i 'm thankful for ww1/2 vets , but iraq and those ? 
  not at all . 
  unnecessary conflicts . 
  there 's also a bit of poppy nazism going on . 
  if you 're on tele and you do n't wear one , you 'll be crucified . 
  english here !, 
  hiya brother . 
  had family over at your end , definitely on my bucket list to go over the pond to your end . 
  from the chippy , i normally use curry , depending on the place i 'm getting it from , and how nice their curry is . 
  gravy for me is mainly for roasts . 
  where ' nice ? 
  west coast is vancouver is n't it ? 
  even then , i think most people used it tongue-in-cheek, 
  you would n't recommend this to anybody ? 
  i would . 
  i know plenty of people who love messed up movies like this . 
  i would n't recommend norbit to anybody . 
  did n't like this . 
  seemed poorly put together . 
  remember one person saying about kubrick 's face being in the clouds in the opening sequence , they did n't even bother try to show where his face was supposed to be . 
  how funny would it have been if he did n't even know ? 
  `` just lie here , act dead ... '', 
  holy shit what 's happening, 
  is it a pre-requisite to look shady as fuck ? 
  long is going to be in every premier league team now . 
  always scores against me, 
  liverpool 4-0 real madrid . 
  08/09 2-0 against united was great , too . 
  airline , i think it is . 
  are you asking what the word means ? 
  you sure mate ? 
  could have sworn it happened in liverpool . 
  had stubble since i was 14/15 , now i can grow a pretty killer beard , but no mustache . 
  you may be one of those who can never grow one, 
  those two are a match made in heaven, 
  context ? 
  definitely see him as an agent investigating . 
  funnily enough , the season before it , xabi was poor . 
  at the time , i would n't have minded barry joining , he 'd just had a great season . 
  really kicked xabi up the backside . 
  same . 
  it was such a calm atmosphere for a cl match against real madrid . 
  everybody was so confident , then once we went 1-0 up it was such a chill experience . 
  very odd night . 
  doubt it . 
  think he 's disillusioned with the club , but really do n't think he could ever do anything to gemma . 
  heck , for all we know , he may be helping her out and know about it by this point in the ep, 
  who could ever punch chucky ? 
  oooh that could be interesting . 
  thomas as a detective , abel as the lead of samcro ... 
   want some flair for the rest of the season ? 
  buying him off with sweet sweet flairs !, 
  missed a uni lecture , and lord behold i got coursework on it , and now i have no clue how to do it . 
  fuck logic circuits to hell . 
  have you not seen spurs play ? 
  we 're bad , they 're something else . 
  we wo n't get him , like , but stil . 
  lovely place , but gosh damn it 's expensive . 
  brendan will never get rid of pascoe . 
  pls no, 
  just [ merseybeat ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0289817/ ) ... 
  not with their queues though . 
  i seen him at preston few times ( got family there ) , he always looked really decent . 
  shame what 's happened to him since then . 
  same . 
  beat it in two days , forced myself to , then sold it on to some poor soul on ebay for # 35, 
  took me about 30 seconds to understand op 's post . 
  what is with all this ` gangster ' talk that ' so common on / r/teenagers now ? 
  well i lost a bunch of weight and did n't gain any confidence whatsoever . 
  losing weight does n't exactly mean added confidence . 
  there was a brothel a few miles from me , everybody knew about it for years , think it 's still there . 
  above a pizza place . 
  well i am white , so you 've got that right . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  otherwise they 'll be shot ? 
  similarly , depending on what year messi/ronaldo won it , gerrard would be in with a shot . 
  ballon d'or winners can win it multiple times , if they could n't and could only win it for one year , who else would have won it, 
  gerrard was at his best 04/05 and 08/09, 
    lamps was just that much better,
