  second twin peaks . 
  five eps through season 2 , but apparently this one goes a bit downhill ? 
  all i know is season 1 is amazing . 
  it is a bit crap , surely there is n't even that much more effort updating it whenever there 's something new to come out rather than weekly, 
  and they can often go hand in hand unfortunately, 
  my first was a liverpool match against newcastle where owen scored a hattrick , 2001 i think when i was six, 
  sorry but wilsheres still not done enough to prove him one of the best . 
  schurrle too . 
  you are now a mod of r/vietnamdong, 
  i once got to 78 mph in a 70 . 
  feel terrible . 
  ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ still ^ ^ doing ^ ^ my ^ ^ lessons, 
  man places like that can be fucking horrific if they catch you . 
  some small spanish shop owner followed me around the store , literally two foot or so away , then when i left he was convinced i robbed something . 
  hate it when i share videos of people playing in mud . 
  [ do n't forget nigel evans getting shit done ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-mc4obedhg ), 
  yep . 
  one of his best qualities was his burst of pace , could break an offside trap and be away from the defender in two steps completely . 
  second one is quality, 
  the last season though ... 
  8 is good , i like 8 , dogget is a good character . 
  but 9 ... 
  very true . 
  it 's weird though , it 's not so much north/south divide , as london and surrounding area vs rest of the uk . 
  too busy ; too expensive . 
  it 'd be closer to lucius malfoy 's real life accent, 
  the great escape , lawrence of arabia , and i shit you not , he loves the princess diaries . 
  big improvement , only questionable thing for me is the tackling seems off . 
  been getting some yellows for great tackles from side on where i get the ball, 
  one of my friends used to go out in newcastle about 2,3 times a week . 
  amount of newcastle/sunderland/former players were out there is amazing . 
  correct , but the guy was just commenting that the prior poster said, 
   british accent is fantastic, 
  whilst there 's no such thing, 
  i 'm not american or anything , but i 'm the same . 
  i 'll only drink crap like carling or whatever when i 'm at a pub , or someone 's house . 
  when i 'm at home and drinking i 'll normally drink nice ale , or rum or something . 
  i think it 's the no relegation/promotion that does it . 
  i understand why it 's not there , the mls clubs do n't want the risk of being relegated so would never vote for it . 
  but it would be so much better with that involved . 
  ca n't come and get me with that shotgun , it 'd get taken away at customs and there 's no firearms in my country . 
  checkmate ... 
  it gives me bad headaches . 
  leeds are a very famous , historically successful side that have fell on some very harsh times . 
  essentially they overspent , looking to break the next barrier and win the league and get into the cl , they did n't , then things started to unravel . 
  i just like how when you score now it feels like you 've scored with the crowd reacting . 
  to test ` their resolve ' . 
  we should be fine . 
  might be balo , sterling and markovic this weekend . 
  gerrard , hendo , and cou/lallana . 
  iirc this movie is in imdb 's top 250 , so you 're right . 
  his cockney accent in green street is so goddamn awful, 
  sexy beast . 
  british gangster movie . 
  it 's so great . 
  love mm , but only got into them about 3/4 years ago , their older stuff is definitely their better stuff . 
  shame in '97 i was 2 ... 
  same with me . 
  must be using him wrong , just can never get the most out of him . 
  st james ' is great . 
  greggs everywhere around the stadium . 
  anfield 's a bit like that depending on which way you go !, 
  nice walk through stanley park , everyone walking in formation too , two by two, 
  he was player of the season five years in a row on fm2011 for me . 
  loved that man , no one could stop him . 
  unless you 're on a long road . 
  do n't need to change gear . 
  everyone would be so old though ... 
  ran out of ideas , did n't want to make a half arsed show . 
  good on them . 
  there 'll be a new fad soon , hopefully it 's better than the ` found footage ' ones . 
  they 're the worst . 
  he has a notepad i believe . 
  get a good spl team going will be the first thing i try . 
  billy mckay ought to be decent too, 
  assaidi is such a monster in fifa . 
  i think it 's a fairly decent idea . 
  if 35 is the minimum , i , personally would put about 70 as the cut off . 
  boy we 're doing terrible . 
  not even had a half chance , just aimless passes around the defence . 
  need changes a ht . 
   match events, 
   12 ' yellow card adam lallana, 
  pretty much it . 
  81 minutes for our first chance . 
  we really do n't score late goals ever . 
  if we were going to score it 'd have been 10 minutes ago . 
  well that was an awful awful performance . 
  very poor performance , had about two chances all match against a parked bus . 
  that should n't happen , and it 's always against pissing villa . 
  glass houses and whatnot . 
  2-2 last year . 
  yeah . 
  biffy clyro guy 's accent always comes through , arctic monkey 's , the proclaimers , kate bush , lilly allen , morrissey , elbow , off the top of my head , you can hear their accents . 
  edit - oasis , stone roses . 
  well when you 're being attacked by aliens and you have no choice . 
  the grey has a 6.8 . 
  oculus at 6.5 . 
  it 's not about whether they want to be associated with the uk , but moreso that they feel disillusioned and irrelevant to the rest of the union . 
  up north there 's a bit of a long standing hatred of westminster , rightly so .
