thought it was a ` chaplin ' still ? 
  looking suspicously like chandler off friends ... 
  lick her cheek, 
  specify the ireland you mean , northern ireland is a protestant country . 
  black swan . 
  she 's mental , i get it . 
  revolution 9 - the beatles . 
  could just get a universal one ... 
  nightwatch ( danish ), 
  that 's nothing , i can open a door with my elbow, 
  hero for us englushmen, 
  thought this was pretty common knowledge ... - runs -, 
  well i seen it in the title ... 
  thinking about it like that , suppose there is slight double standards . 
  do n't get me wrong , the parents are with them , but still setting a bit of a bad example i 'd say . 
  also , fuck hallowe'en . 
  where the fuck is my hat ? 
  father ted , spaced , red dwarf , the it crowd , only fools and horses , men behaving badly , mock the week , have i got news for you , argumental . 
  make sure you wish jess a happy birthday, 
  never has reddit seemed so sane compared to 4chan ... 
  your lack of \u00e9 is disturbing . 
  chuck norris stories . 
  still !? 
  did my time machine work ? 
  anyway , abe . 
  why not . 
  see how often you can masturbate in a day . 
  then try beat it the next day . 
  and then the next ... and so on, 
  prove the portuguese chap wrong , show him how a real man does it !, 
  his band 's oddly good . 
  version of hey ya is quality . 
  tried it , did n't last a week . 
  my barge exploded in the end . 
  thank you . 
  so much, 
  marry her . 
  you marry her right now !, 
  166 ups , i 've never felt as ` not alone ', 
  terry had camera footage were it looked like he said something racist to anton ferdinand . 
  evra said suarez said something racist to him , with no proof . 
  yet , suarez is being treated worse . 
  go figure , united . 
  still , if chelsea play like they did yesterday , we 'll have a good shot . 
  suarez vs terry in the racist fight . 
  i kid . 
  media . 
  just look at the mirror today to see what i mean, 
  well when you look who 's featured in said article and who 's not , it does seem a tad unfair . 
  i did n't say it did n't happen , there 's less proof for suarez 's , the only person who 's claimed it is evra , who soon after this incident kissed his badge at the liverpool fans , suggesting he 's not in control of his emotions , aswell as a slight kick out at kuyt . 
  evra was mega pissed at the time , considering he 's the only one who 's claimed anything at suarez , makes it a bit unbelievable , no ? 
  the fa is investigating the allegations , with the qpr defender adding : `` i do n't need to say anything , it 's all on youtube , everyone can see what he said . 
  `` what do you think he said ? 
  look , it 's with the fa now . '', 
  to me , it sounds like he does n't want to ` drop the whole thing ' . 
  also , i do n't read the mirror , just pissed at their scandalous claims . 
  he 's still an absolute wanker ... 
  unfortunately , can only see him going to chelsea , real madrid , or possibly barcelona . 
  edit-man city , too, 
  should i shave my underarms first ? 
  indeed , but there are n't really any alternatives, 
  ca n't see it . 
  not necessarily not because of those players mentioned , just that i can not see the 30-40 million being paid for him by arsenal . 
  plus , it 'd hinder oxlade-chamberlain probably , big things from him . 
  and unfortunately , ca n't see him joining liverpool :( would love it though . 
  but whichever one of us does n't get in the champions league will have no chance at all with him, 
  did they ? 
  do n't forget , lampard - carte d'or . 
  torres - barn d'or . 
  if it 'll make you sleep well tonight , sure, 
  he used to be proper fat in his west ham days , plus it rhymes , sort of ` fat frank ' , oh and he 's a wanker, 
  apparently chelsea fans sung `` anton ferdinand , you know what you are '' , and avb 's refused to comment on it . 
  is this bull or what , anyone more in the know than i am ? 
  carlos tevez , on 200k a week refused to play because of a tiff with his manager . 
  billy sharp plays 2 days after his son dies . 
  carlos , hang your head in shame . 
  when someone 's bored of reddit , they 're bored of life , or whatever . 
  fish and chips ? 
  ducking hell that 's weird, 
  same for soooo many holidays though . 
  remember seeing hallowe'en stuff in september , in a country that does n't even give a crap about it, 
  i have to say , you , your sister and her husband all sound like fantastic people from what i 've read here . 
  from what you 've all been through , you 're all my heroes . 
  i thought i had it bad , what you 've been through puts that in perspective , and has kind of brightened my day , so i thank you !, 
  no jose enrique ? 
  scandalous . 
  we 've had harder fixtures this year . 
  which ever way you look at it , the squad 's better than last year . 
  `` nothin ' at all ! '', 
  or `` stop , stop , he 's already dead '' or `` that 's a paddlin ' '', 
  damn ridiculous decision . 
  as it is , we should have enough to rotate well enough . 
  thinking suarez to be benched vs city , carroll/kuyt to start . 
  then suarez against chelsea . 
  kelly/johnson to each play , hopefully aurelio can play some part to take the burden off enrique . 
  spearing/lucas for chelsea , lucas/adam for city . 
  doubt sterling 'll play , would love to see him on the bench though . 
  same goes for a lot of our kids , quality bunch . 
  coady , wisdom , morgan , flanno , robinson etc etc , would love to see a couple of them feature at some point . 
  you sure about that ?
