  though evans said he expects him to stay at liverpool , everyone else seems to be saying he 'll be off on loan , we 'll all find out for sure when he 's announced and leaning . 
  in that case all the pr stuff with him will have already been sorted up , and just waiting release . 
  well at least they got good fees from them . 
  only lovren , arguably acted a bit iffy ... 
  watched out of the furnace . 
  did really enjoy it , just seemed something was missing from it . 
  casey affleck and bale as good as ever . 
  it 's not really one overarching plot , each season usually has one overarching plot , then motw episodes inbetween . 
  some stories go over multiple seasons though . 
  if you 're a scifi fan watch battlestar galactica , it 's really brilliant . 
  i never thought it looked too good until i watched it , but goddamn i loved every second . 
  devastated i 'm in england and wo n't get it until friday . 
  excited for the singleplayer again , of course , but goddamn i loved the online . 
  `` can i pay by card ? '', 
  `` have a # 10 limit '', 
  jaegerbombs for everyone !, 
  i 'm pretty sure we 'd defend them . 
  we 've got a less conservative govt , but they 're still a tory govt . 
  support is overwhelming for keeping the falklands , no one would be arsed if the people on the islands were n't , but they are british , so we 're going to keep them . 
  if they ever do try get them back , i 'd definitely expect retaliation . 
  i 'm almost excited for you , that 's how good the game is . 
  defining game of the last generation , and i 'm a big gamer . 
  make sure you play the online , if it 's like how it was on the ps3 it 'll be the best online of all the games out on ps4 right now, 
  `` eymmmmm , w ` as goin ' on ` ere '', 
  good player , does n't fit in with pardew . 
  very hot/cold , but still a good player in my opinion . 
  would do well at milan, 
  was that a thing that happened ? 
  wow, 
  thank god . 
  rojo 's really good , impressed me at the world cup . 
  did n't think much of him before it , had barely seen him . 
  meh , that happens . 
  same with me when all the suarez gate was going on . 
  he was poor for villa , he 's not bad , but i 'm very glad we did n't sign him . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  even if we 'd finished seventh last season , i still would n't want us to sign him . 
  it has nothing to do with the fact we finished second last year , he 's an average player , who we were linked to , and were looking at . 
  has nothing to do with the fact southampton signed him , i 'm just glad we did n't . 
  playing badly here . 
  diamond is not working at all , ca n't get our foot on the ball . 
  sounds like a type of pasta, 
  iirc his dad is from liverpool, 
  sterling is going to be a pace god on next year 's fifa . 
  can is such a monster . 
  summed him up well . 
  haha , you 've got to laugh really . 
  weird though , how / u/54andcounting got to 39 though . 
  german was not going to miss . 
  we 're gon na win the leag-international champions cup, 
  seven , probably . 
  echo , as well . 
  rumour has it his monthly mortgage is a fiver on his house, 
  torygraph on it now too, 
  do n't know much about manquillo , but moreno looks promising from what i 've seen . 
  definitely needs some work defensively . 
  enrique and johnson , though they get forward , do n't really do anything meaningful , then get caught out of position a bit too much . 
  hopefully moreno can add a bit of zip on the counter . 
  i seem to face a lot of marseille with four star teams like newcastle . 
  we 're supposed to get 60 meg broadband , and whilst i get that we 're not going to be getting that constantly , it just varies from 15/30 meg . 
  was their ` upgrade ' just a ploy to keep us . 
  did n't they just sign asenjo ? 
  catfish ? 
  they explain why it is catfish at the end , but it still does n't make much sense , or have anything to do with the plot, 
  turns out it was a bacterial infection , and i got antibiotics for it . 
  age is n't on his side , just recovering from a bad injury , and a terrible source . 
  not amazing movies , parodied to fuck nowadays too . 
  but i always remember that scene when sidney ( sp ) 's mum was outside her window in the third movie . 
  fucked me up, 
  does it count as a breakthrough if he 's already doing very well ? 
  wayne 's world and tremors . 
  i got to division one . 
  then very recently , i got relegated to division four without winning a match in that time . 
  so , that . 
  he did n't have a great world cup , so now it seems everyone thinks gerrard is shite . 
  he 's not been great for us . 
  general consensus amongst liverpool fans is that he 's shaky . 
  good at shot stopping , not very commanding , or a good kicker though, 
  the amount of liverpool shirts in all three of our matches also prove a lot of americans will have gone out and bought a shirt , to go the match in . 
  that 's a lot of merch, 
   darkness falls ( s01e20 ), 
  first episode i ever seen . 
  one of my faves . 
  sums up the x files so well . 
  navas , really ? 
  oh he is good from what i 've seen , but he 's not better than buffon . 
  shout out to david marshall then, 
  six feet under makes me you feel a certain type of way no other show will . 
  doubt i 'll ever have the privilege of watching a show like that again . 
  `` what last airbender movie ? 
  they never made one hahahahahahahahaha '', 
  no chance i 'm coming onto reddit once i find that it 's been leaked or released earlier in other places, 
  i have no idea what that is, 
  i 'm a filthy ` only read the books a year or two ago ' , and nearly everything was spoiled for me in the third book, 
  got the name on that trenches one ? 
  kung fu was so badass, 
  i can understand kompany . 
  but luiz is just overpowered . 
  he 's quick and runs through players , hate playing against chelsea just because of him and matic, 
  i dunno man , de guzman 's good , but i do n't think he 's great enough to be playing for a top team or anything .
