  she sounds lovely . 
  that 's how democracy works , though . 
  does n't matter on your income , you 're still a citizen and have a right to vote . 
  he means countries over south and north america . 
  not saying it is , but you 've got remember also , almost every country has specific regions or counties which are culturally , economically different to a degree . 
  so if you do n't earn over a certain amount you should n't be able to vote ? 
  put your rubbish on the street , and hope it finds your bins, 
  regardless , if you 're a citizen you have a right to vote . 
  that 's the cornerstone of democracy . 
  does n't matter if you 're unemployed or earning over 1mil . 
  democracy does n't work well , of that i do n't doubt . 
  but there 's no better alternatives . 
  also these two lines contradict each other, 
   democracy is a system that gives power to idiots that vote for whatever they are manipulated into voting . 
   your vote does n't matter . 
  it only exists to give you the illusion of control and to legitimize the leaders . 
  you say people voting gives power to idiots , then you said the votes do n't even matter anyway . 
  i did n't mention america . 
  i 'm not american . 
  an informed voter has the same voting power to vote as an ` idiot ' , like it or not . 
  everybody has a small degree of power , and everyone should all have the same vote . 
  sounds like you want to live in a dictatorship pal, 
  an informed voter has the same voting power to vote as an ` idiot ' , like it or not . 
  everybody has a small degree of power , and everyone should all have the same vote . 
  sounds like you want to live in a dictatorship . 
  i like how they mentioned the nazi 's , as if the entire of europe voted them into power , and not mentioning the fact that half of europe fought to get rid of them . 
  i 'd wear a shirt that says `` be excellent to each other '' , instead . 
  bloody heck , i never heard about that . 
  it is my own personal belief that everybody ought to have the right to vote , and a disabled person 's vote has the same water to it , as that of an upper class breadwinner , or an unemployed mother of three . 
  he was great that day , kept them in it as much as a team 5-0 on aggregate can do, 
  he is , but his film 's are damn good . 
  small price to pay to see him make a shit cameo , as long as i get to watch the movie, 
  i love the soundtrack , but i do n't see the huge issue ? 
  they must have gotten permission, 
  man , streets are awfully quiet already . 
  if the players ca n't get pumped up for this , they never will, 
  free from 3 yards ... 
  lately ? 
  he 's been like that since he came, 
  would n't go that far . 
  gave the ball away for a goal, 
  got to start with a solid goalkeeper . 
  we do n't have that . 
  our defence is crap , but it starts from the goalie and works outwards . 
  to be fair , the second half they just completely stepped off and did n't even really try anymore . 
  we can save face because madrid were fantastic , we did n't play overly badly , just same old , same old . 
  but swapping shirts at half time is just daft . 
  it 's got such a stigma around it , and it creates such controversy , it 's gotten to the point where it 's not a big deal , but why would you do that when you know how badly it 's perceived when it happens ? 
  balotelli must have known the controversy it 'd cause, 
  he 's an issue , not the issue . 
  i 'm the same . 
  something must have intrigued me to actually watch it . 
  heck even the worst movie can have something good about it . 
  i agree . 
  it 's not the act that massively annoys me , it 's the fact everyone knows it 'll be controversial , and he still does it though . 
  but fuck people on benefits , those scroungers . . 
  his accent is so so bad, 
  it 's nothing to do with him , if anybody does it , it 's controversial and creates unnecessary discussion . 
  whether it 's right or not , messi or joey barton , it 's discussed, 
  you can bring in coaches at any point, 
  aye , born in northumbria iirc, 
  el clasico at the weekend !, 
  lukaku 's been terrible this season to be fair, 
  i used to subscribe to there , before i realised it 's just another version of / r/whiterights and people who do n't believe in school shootings . 
  but then you 'd have to eat mccoys beforehand , and you may not be hungry enough for the pom bears, 
  definitely . 
  it 's set pieces which are our achilles heal . 
  when goalkeeper 's come out and grab it , or punch it , it really can get defenders out of a lot of trouble when they lose their man . 
  reina , in his prime was excellent at that . 
  mig is n't , but has been told to come out for it , but he 's really not good at it . 
  so he ca n't win . 
  if he comes out for it , he will miss it a few times , when he does n't , our defenders have to be perfect . 
  we need a defensive mid . 
  i 've been saying this for ages . 
  we need a mascherano player . 
  look at chelsea , they have matic , city have fernando/fernandinho , united have blind etc. 
  chelsea play with matic and fabregas . 
  i 'd like to see a similar set up with us , gerrard taking fabregas ' role , and a new top quality defensive mid coming in , with hendo ahead of them . 
  such high wages for a back up , if they follow up and sign him . 
  no , but they 're not going to be low that 's for sure . 
  did n't sound like a ` mad ' post to me, 
  i forced my friends to watch it one night . 
  they loved it . 
  it 's one of them were if you show it to somebody , they 're probably going to adore it . 
  i always found that farm so interesting when going past it . 
  you 've ruined it for me, 
  those where the days ... 
  shawcross is n't even close to jones . 
  not sure if that 's a compliment to either of them . 
  it 's also technically illegal to insure your parent on it , with the teen as the secondary driver . 
  barely anyone gets caught doing it though, 
  whenever someone does that , unless they 're driving a camper van or something i always play ` spot the dickhead ' and see if it turns out i 'm right, 
  [ do n't much use anymore but here it is ] ( http://oneinchwalrus.tumblr.com/ ), 
  where do you live ? 
  what country ? 
  there are here in the uk . 
  that song was great . 
  `` how groooovy , just us two '', 
  if it 's anything like what he was like when he came back from his ban last time , he 's going to tear everyone a new one for a while . 
  he 's such an endearing player to have on your team , no one else will like him .
