  warrington ? 
  he never plays balotelli . 
  even though our striking options are terrible , he 'd rather play sturridge  sterling  lambert  borini before balotelli . 
  whenever he has played , he 's always had a little dig at balotelli in the pre match presser . 
  he 's going in the summer . 
  manager does n't rate him , and he splits opinion with the fans . 
  some say he is still very talented , and has n't been given a fair chance . 
  some say he 's actually trying more than he used to , to press . 
  but i 'm in the other camp . 
  i dreaded when he played , the same thing would happen . 
  pot-shots from 45 yards , barely passed , and if he was trying to press more than he did at milan , then the effort was pathetic , because he barely ever ran . 
  i was hopeful when we signed him , i did n't know what to expect , but i never thought it 'd be as bad as it has been . 
  crewe used to always create great youth players , not sure if they still do over the last year or two mind . 
  the problems of a faceless transfer committee , where the manager can be easily overruled . 
  nicholas anelka has played for a lot . 
  france , england , turkey , china , italy , india . 
  he was destined to fail from the start with us . 
  not doubting his prior achievements or what have you , he just did n't help himself . 
  his adoration of 4-4-2 when we only had one striker , and david n'gog . 
  there 's a yt video out there which sums it up , where agger was trying to play it out of the back , and you just heard roy shout ` just fucking launch it ' . 
  his pre match presser where he called a 2-1 win over blackburn , or bolton , i forget who , a ` famous victory ' . 
  him saying agger was on the ` wrong side ' of 30 , when he was about 25,26 . 
  oh what a time to be a liverpool fan . 
  three months for me . . 
  but kahleesi is my fave character, 
  only thing he cares about are immigrants . 
  talking about the economy ? 
  jobs ? 
  sports teams ? 
  does n't matter , he 'll make it about ` them bloody immigrants ' , and constantly play the well i 'm a normal guy , i represent the normal people shtick . 
  uk , how politicians only seem to care about london . 
  about five years too late . 
  yeah , rafa knows it , too . 
  putting all his bags into the ` europa league basket ' . 
  yeah , once i got used to them , we 're pretty great on fifa . 
  4-2-3-1 for me . 
  hendo , gerrard in the middle , markovic , coutinho and sterling behind sturridge . 
  got balotelli to come off the bench if i 'm struggling . 
  well he 's better than navas , at least . 
  no chance . 
  four and a half meat and potato pies for that in pound bakery . 
  i think you 're overestimating how long the majority on here have been fans , or alive . 
  could n't disagree more . 
  i did n't like the babadook , not scary in the slightest i thought . 
  not creepy , not ` jump scarey ' . 
  at least with it follows , it gave me a sense of paranoia . 
  camera work was good , soundtrack ; great . 
  it 's not a perfect movie , but i could n't get into the babadook at all . 
  to be fair , we have no idea what scored it would have ended , had that goal been given . 
  game could have completely changed . 
  i still think germany would have won , but you ca n't say these things for certain , is my point . 
  i had to google what ` inselaffen ' meant ... i 'd make a joke about you germans , but frankly it 'd be too easy , 
  toure should either play as part of three in midfield , or behind the striker . 
  anything else he 's a bit of a liability defensively . 
  how does navas seem to play every match ? 
  city have been crap , but offsides really have n't gone their way . 
  yes . 
  this is n't a reason to own a gun , though . 
  fair enough if you want one , it 's legal . 
  to protect yourself , to hunt , whatever . 
  but ` because i can own one ' is n't a reason to own one . 
  okay . 
  started the season well , gone in and out of form . 
  been more out of form recently . 
  needs to really improve his crossing . 
  it 's a right , sure . 
  but it does n't answer why you have a gun , only that you can . 
  we got the best out of him , when he was partnered . 
  with the season more or less already over for us ( let 's be honest ) , i would n't mind seeing him up top with lambert . 
  enrique has the best job . 
  never plays , apart from fifa . 
  i thought it got decent in the middle , but the beginning and end were pitiful . 
  still hope hendo is an 82 . 
  got a source on the latter two ? 
  i really want moreno to do that more . 
  he 's a really good attacker . 
  do n't think a ` pool player has endeared me as quickly as emre has . 
  `` hit someone unintentionally '' that was n't unintentional !, 
  moments like that pass from lucas surprise me . 
  then i remember he signed as a # 10 all those years ago . 
  no one has a fucking clue what you 're talking about . 
  oh right , that match . 
  hey mate , we 've gave you plenty of ` shellackings ' too . 
  infact , i was at the chelsea game he got his first, 
  allen and lovren doing their best to stop us winning this . 
  got ta love the logic to knock it long , when you have three midgets up front, 
  # 40 a ticket to see newcastle play . 
  you would n't think janmaat is the full back playing out of position , not williamson , huh . 
  joe allen . 
  what in the heck . 
  joe.allen . 
  scored . 
  what next ? 
  johnson completing a cross ? 
  i just love the thought that can is essentially a false centre back . 
  and a beautiful one at that . 
  okay . 
  newcastle have played quite well in spells , should have scored . 
  most playing well , johnson and lovren still awfully shaky . 
  injured , should be back soon .
