  heck , i 'm from the north of england and i feel the same . 
  the scots will be voting on what 's in their best interests , the general feeling is they 'd love to be independent but half of them are pessimistic about how it 'll work . 
  if they vote out , they 're out for good . 
  there 'll be no backsies if in 10 years they 're up the shitter , and the oil 's ran out . 
  and alternatively , a lot of big tv stars are moving onto movies . 
  bryan cranston is the one who jumps to mind . 
  i 'm fucking sick of pubs serving about five chips in a wooden bowl trying to be all fancy . 
  all of them . 
  so if i ca n't think of who 's the black sheep , does that make it me ? 
  is n't it bizarre to think that the guy who killed him used to live right here . 
  probably still has friends , family here , went to school like every other kid , now this . 
  tim allen and topher grace , too . 
  i 've had a few like that . 
  me : we 've sent you an email , you 'll need to read it . 
  it 's lengthy , so you 'll have to call back . 
  them : i ca n't read . 
  me : well you 'll have to get a family or friend member to read it for you then . 
  them : i do n't have any friends or family . 
  me : a neighbor then ? 
  them : hang up . 
   `` you work for me ! '', 
  i did n't work in a government call centre or anything , yet apparently i work for them ? 
  i used to work in a crap , dodgy call centre . 
  had one call one day , someone local to me ( could tell by the accent ) , absolutely ranting and raving , put her on hold , turns out she 'd spoke to loads of people complaining etc , everyone said she was a pain . 
  spoke to her like a human , and she ended up getting a refund for a service charge she was complaining about , and sent an email to hr saying how helpful i was !, 
  so glad i do n't work there anymore , people would just rile up customers as quickly as possible , then hang up when they swear to get out of the call . 
  gosh , where do you work ? 
  ca n't imagine working sundays . 
  red alert 2 !, 
  way different players . 
  hendo does n't grab goals , but is involved in everything good we do . 
  oh it 's fine as long as you 're not completely out of the loop like those fools were posting in there . 
  heck i dare not even discuss it , all that 's on my facebook is scots posting biased articles , then blasting down biased articles supporting ` no ' for being biased . 
  my playstation is so stable i ca n't push it off my desk, 
  same . 
  normally on these i 've seen about none . 
  this one , seen 7 . 
  not debating this , but i think he discussed the raid and a few others once . 
  it may be his full time job , but he realistically ca n't watch every movie made . 
  seems mad to remake something whilst the show is still ongoing . 
  i agree with this . 
  just to add to it , we can also be a part of it based off the fact the people support it through merchandise , tickets etc. 
  the sports team would n't be there without the consumer . 
  that 's a heck of a lot of travelling . 
  `` that will be # 250 for the hour and that judgement please '', 
  i think he could for almost any team in england to be honest . 
  was it a good episode ? 
  quite enjoyed the last season . 
  the way i think of it in mp , is if my three teammates are sticking together , i 'll drop back , and once they get in action flank the enemies . 
  i hate sticking on top of teammates , i 'll always leave a bit of a gap . 
  reddit 's bad for it in general , but the flavour of the month stuff is just maddening . 
  one week everyone will love a certain team , then move onto someone else . 
  same . 
  cersei is great in a batshit made phase , jaimie is a hero , and tyrion is just a bit insufferable . 
   much more than liverpool . 
   you just notice it more . 
  same for you then i suppose . 
  so undeserved . 
  did not deserve that . 
  boy we 've been terrible these last two matches . 
  much work ahead . 
  no tempo . 
  was he ? 
  all of them were . 
  gerrard was probably one of the better performers , and that says something . 
  was n't it the wages which city wanted to get rid of ? 
  probably why the fee was so low . 
  tevez is great . 
  let 's hope manquillo does n't wan na go back to atletico !, 
  if you 're american , you do n't realise how well off you are with fuel . 
  unfortunately the vote for the alt vote was rejected the other year, 
  no they do n't , atletico do . 
  one of my favorite movies . 
  love the chemistry between the characters . 
  amazing show . 
  how it kept its quality for the entire run is magnificent . 
  normally shows will have a few off episodes , or seasons , do n't think sfu has any . 
  all my other favourite shows like bsg , twin peaks , x-files , all have iffy parts in them . 
  sfu does n't . 
  it 's weird , though . 
  if it 's yes , then the left will take a blow , but cameron would probably get a vote of no confidence . 
  if it 's a no , the left will be okay , but cameron will continue . 
  as shit as they were . 
  i quite liked going in there , picking up a couple of books , reading the first chapter to see how it is , then buying a book or two . 
  where i live there 's very few book stores . 
  i sure as shit am not going in whsmiths as all they sell is magazines , cooking books , and dan brown books for overpriced money . 
  wales are such a good companion we do n't even worry about you lot leaving !, 
  iirc sort of what america does . 
  i.e each county/region having self governing politicians working under the pm . 
  best review i 've seen on it . 
  covers all my feelings well . 
  nearly at level 25 , and the grinding for legendary gear is a bit confusing and unnecessary . 
  it is a possibility . 
  say next summer atletico activate it , we could always then just try to buy him outright off them . 
  good movie , but it did n't * feel * like a bond movie . 
  at what cost ? 
  do n't think it 's in big games , it 's just * some * matches he just does n't seem to appear big game or not . 
  really ? 
  i 'm not a city fan , so obviously you know more about it all than me . 
  but i 'd feel a lot less concerned facing city without the prospect of yaya .
