  i work at a cinema . 
  it 's the usher 's job to check the movie 's started , and make sure the screen is okay once it 's started etc. 
  however , most cinema 's have one or two ushers working at once . 
  with a film like star wars , you get completely swamped . 
  i was working last night , and i did n't stand still all night . 
  they should really use more ushers for a big movie like star wars . 
   oh , and it actually got dark . 
  why the fuck are cinemas so light nowadays ? 
  because people keep falling over, 
  ushers are meant to regularly check screens . 
  but the problem is , we have the authority to kick people out . 
  but if they 're sat right in the middle of the screen , it disrupts everyone even more . 
  facehunter, 
  you 're not wrong . 
  star wars just came out , three screens completely full , the other two screens half full . 
  one usher ; me . 
  it 's a small-ish movie , but i think it done decent well when it came out here in the uk in september , for an 18 anyway . 
  british monarchy have loads of power . 
  the queen suddenly decides she does n't like cameron ? 
  she can fire him . 
  does n't like parliament anymore ? 
  she can tell them to fuck off . 
  does n't like the french ? 
  she can declare war . 
  because she is the head of state , she does n't need a drivers license or a passport , because they 're all issued in her name . 
  excluding all that , the power and respect she has over other monarchs and leaders of pretty much every world leader ? 
  like her or loath her , the queen 's has ridiculous levels of power . 
  why ? 
  there 's also a large chance you and i are going to get an incurable disease at some point in our lives . 
  guess we should n't have been born either . 
  but you said, 
   large chance their children will be neglected and become obese like their parents, 
  so do they choose to be obese , or is it forced on them by their parents ? 
  oh for sure . 
  she has the option to , though, 
  every club has them , but we fucked ourselves over so often . 
  ronaldo , villa , silva , alves , falcao , simao , so many others . 
  but in america you do n't have healthcare . 
  so they have to pay for their medical bills from their obesity ? 
  aggro druid was the first time i ever got hate messages , winning on turn 6 is guaranteed to rattle people . 
  also people just insta-concede if you innervate , innervate , coin fel reaver turn one . 
  rafa wanted him for four million , hicks and gillette would n't sanction it, 
  ca n't remember the name , but someone won it with blackburn and then united , not sure if consecutive or not, 
  alonso was slow , he aint bad, 
  things jose mourinho wished for christmas, 
  i was bad at the sport, 
  is cameron in midfield with whelan ? 
  surprised it did n't crash your phone to be honest, 
  do n't think it 's a coincidence i 've seen a lot more acidic swamp ooze now that aggro shaman is good, 
  i 've done that before even though i 'd overdraw . 
  worth it to stop the doomhammer, 
  burn through 12 cards , end turn , next draw ? 
  savage raw . 
  every time, 
  doggett got a lot of hate , but he was a good character , just a shame it 's almost impossible to replace mulder . 
  to be fair , mascherano was n't good enough for west ham ... 
  i learned this from football manager . 
  i work at a cinema . 
  past 10 until close it 's me and the manager , who 's always in the office doing paperwork etc. 
  it 's only a small cinema with five screens , sometimes it can be really dead inbetween big film releases . 
  a movie came out , so i went in there to clean it . 
  the house lights did n't come up , so i went to the projection room to turn them on . 
  i looked out the window panel into the screen , the curtains underneath the screen were moving . 
  odd , there 's never a breeze in there . 
  stood there for about ten seconds watching the curtains move . 
  finally they stopped . 
  thought it was kids messing about , but i obviously had to go and check it out . 
  turned the house lights on , and the safety lights too because fuck it . 
  crept into the screen , along the walkway , lifted up the curtains and flashed my phone light about to find them . 
  there i saw a big fucking figure standing in the corner with a huge creepy smile staring back at me , like the [ smiling man creepypasta ] ( http://creepypasta.wikia.com/wiki/the_smiling_man ), 
  that 's when i realised it was a kung-fu panda 3 cardboard stand that we had n't put up in the lobby yet . 
  i would n't mind a loan , if we ca n't find a permanent goalkeeper . 
  theatres can be really creepy when there 's only ~ 15 people in the entire cinema and you 've heard * stories *, 
  happy to see ibe playing , we 've finally got some width in our team . 
  poor defending , but we should have had a free kick . 
  it was a foul . 
  not surprised . 
  coutinho is far too hot/cold , so far today he looks cold . 
  firminho , i like but he really needs to get going , and benteke is far too static, 
  on the plus side , unlike every other player we have , he actually * tries * to cross . 
  we need another rebuilding in the summer , same as i 've said every year since 2008 . 
  so many holes in this squad . 
  he 's like a dog about to lie down . 
  changes that do fuck all to our team . 
  goes to show how our set pieces are when lovren is the best option at free kick . 
  what a mare . 
  the first eleven . 
  we have no one who can score , no one who can cross , no one who can spread play , full backs who are constantly caught out at the back post , goalkeeper who ca n't kick or come for crosses . 
  we have no players on the bench who can do anything , too . 
  balotelli wo n't play for us again . 
  he 's always been good at shot stopping , it 's just everything else he 's mediocre at . 
  if we 're not a good club , fuck knows what that makes you ... 
  it 's in some mech rogue and shamans that i 've came across too, 
  dis is the ladbrokes lyf, 
  mine 's not working either . 
  telling me to create an ea account . 
  rank 11 . 
  on and off for 2 years . 
  there 's a name i have n't heard in a while . 
  any reason you say him ?
