  season 4 ought to be the best yet , with all that happens . 
  some interesting characters coming in , and some huge events . 
  reminded me of newspeak from 1984, 
  he bit someone . 
  there 's no excuse for that at all , i 'm afraid , luis . 
  i thought the whole evra thing was just a disaster , and i still think he was treated harshly , but there ' no excuse for * biting someone . 
  honorable mention to lego city undercover . 
  surprised by how much fun i had on it , decent story , wonderful characters , bit gta-style action and loads of pop culture references . 
  same , i got it for # 250 , not two week ago, 
  even so , # 200 is a damn good price , even if it 'll go back up in a few weeks , and i 'm just spreading the knowledge . 
  apparently , without his goals , we 'd still have finished in the same position we did, 
  we wo n't buckle , it 'll take at least 40/45 million before we consider offers . 
  though , since you 're an english team i see us wanting even more . 
  i do n't want us to sell him . 
  at least , i did n't until recently , now i 'm more open for it if we get good money . 
  oh right , i only used it for the graphics , not the article !, 
  i only posted it because of the graphic stating that without him , we 'd still have finished where we did . 
  or maybe we just have a better idea of what our club is like ? 
  i would n't expect to know more of arsenal than you do , unless you were a shite fan for example, 
  i used to find russell howard funny , but all he does is shout loudly and use one voice for everyone apart from himself , once i realised that , i just ca n't think of anything but, 
  nope , but i hope they do . 
  achievements always make me go back and want to replay games , it 's one of the really good things that came out of the current generation, 
  lego city undercover is pretty great, 
  compliment , then . 
  it 's not a night out if you do n't see andy carroll, 
  i 'm biased , probably , but i 'd say suarez offers more than rvp does other than goal scoring , but also offers much more controversy . 
  i just hope they put some ` classic ' doloros edd moments , to add some comic relief, 
  where do girls hide their tentacles ? 
  i mean , us lads know where we hide ours , but where do girls put theirs ? 
  there 's also a british one on , called ` the magaluf weekender ' , and it 's basically some chavs who go on holiday , get pissed and cause loads of shit e with the locals there . 
  but it 's the highlight of my tuesdays , it 's wonderful, 
  i watched this alone and i still felt awkward . 
  people talk about requiem for a dream messing with their heads , but goddamn happiness fucked me right up . 
  echo usually is very reliable, 
  telegraph though . 
  quite respectable . 
  still , getting closer , arsenal !, 
  another ten million and we 're there !, 
  though the echo are reporting madrid will offer 10 million and higuian for him , and bayern offering 20 , and shaqiri . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  quite a lot , probably . 
  torres was very good here for three year or so , yet that does n't excuse him being a cunt upon his move . 
  he still has plenty time to change that , though , i do n't think anyone would mind too much if he was dignified , informed the club of his wishes , then waited for a move to come off, 
  ** mtv ** : using well-known phenomenon and making a show out of it . 
  first one was really slow i thought , understandably , though . 
  acok , and particularly asos is where it gets amazing, 
  my god , the comments on that article are disgusting, 
   you 'll end up with those in their so-called gay-marriage shams being allowed to adopt any child they like , while decent christian couples , who actually have a moral code , will be told they 're ineligible because of a fear that the child will be indoctrinated with religion . 
  daily mail one would be something completely different, 
  do n't think i 've watched that channel since it went from paramount comedy . 
  do they still pick one show , play it constantly until it 's ridiculously milked , then milk it some more ? 
  back when it was paramount comedy they used to show south park all night , every night and it was bliss, 
  better them than the bi-weekly ` hai guys whut du u look liek right now ??? 
  to be honest , 3/4 the content here are terrible . 
  advice animals , relationship threads et al just get tiresome . 
  anything with a bit more high-brow discussion is way better than the rest , just as long as it 's not milked, 
  i barely visit , i still come on sometimes and there can be good content found here occasionally , but it 's been a bit shite more than often since i first came here like 2 year ago, 
  so edgy, 
   get some confidence, 
  well shit , i did n't know it was that easy !, 
  or maybe it 's just * very * common ? 
  when it 's a mental thing , it 's difficult to know if it 's actually depression or not , but it 's something which most people will go through at some point in their life . 
  if you ` under diagnose it ' , people could literally die because of it . 
  i enjoyed the perks of being a wallflower film , but honestly it 's kind of the whole mental illness fetish , which is becoming worryingly common recently . 
  so are ignorant people . 
  agreed , there 's nothing more ballsy than actively deciding to end your life . 
  what do you think ? 
  the big lebowski is shite, 
  breaking bad is shite, 
  bacon is bland, 
  half-life is a dull game , and its only redeeming factor is decent graphics, 
  the driving age is too young ( and i 'm english , which means 17 y.o , should be older ), 
  the word ` faggot ' is horrible, 
  maths should n't be a mandatory subject past a much younger age, 
  i do n't give a shite about soldiers . 
  they chose to join the forces , could n't care less what happens to them . 
  internet relay chat . 
  basically a chatbox-y thing, 
  reportedly , any offer under 40 million can be rejected , but any over 40 , suarez must be told about it . 
  so if true , its a nothing clause . 
  why 's marquinhos in the ligue 1 team ? 
  for my english team , i 'd put ... 
  cech , johnson , kompany , luiz , baines ; toure , carrick ; bale , suarez ; van persie , aguero . 
  suarez wide, 
  not on the site ? 
  enter shikari reference ? 
  new i 'd find this in here . 
  eh , probably some bias on my part . 
  rb seems a weak position in england though , not too many stand-out options . 
  it was between him and zabaleta, 
  he was worth more than 28k p/w but i do think he was madly over-rated whilst here . 
  people think he was some superstar here , but he was n't , he had a good spell scoring , but too many matches he was average, 
  incredibly bad physically though, 
  2 years for me, 
  bloody well hope it 's not a loan . 
  what 's the point of that ? 
  love abe so much . 
  [ ] ( / c `` shame about his death '' ), 
  `` i 'm living on sexy elephants '', 
  acting dumb,
