  alien coloniel marines . 
  bought it on release for # 40 , realised it 's atrocious and sold it two days later for # 35, 
  modest mouse , mountain goats , bon iver , radiohead , and the national are probably mine . 
  the fourth kind - white owls . 
  fuck them . 
  fuck every white owl . 
  thought this was just a book ? 
  i think most people think beetles are spelt ` ea ' just because of them . 
  i was shocked when i realised, 
  well i 'd imagine he mentioned france and netherlands because that 's where most of the fights were, 
  he wo n't join liverpool . 
  he 'd join for bigger wages than johnson , and he 's more or less the same age . 
  did n't know that . 
  still not sure on the move . 
  personally i think lb 's the more problem position, 
  to be honest i think brendan could get the best out of franny jeffers and bebe, 
  lb 's been a problem position since riise 's hayday to be honest . 
  alberto moreno i think would fit in excellently . 
  him one side , flanno the other could be the future, 
  well they like the natural resources near the falklands , at least, 
  devastated i 'm in work tonight , even more devastated i 've gave up my season ticket to my uncle this year, 
  and walcott . 
  been around for ages , but still not at their peak, 
  preston north end . 
  local-ish team , and some of my family support them . 
  goldeneye and goldfinger . 
  dangerous thinking . 
  i expect him to join you 's , but he could well end up some other place if they offer him a deal he ca n't refuse . 
  there are , but normally once you get a promotion or two you end up getting like 1 million transfer budget in the conference north . 
  or at least in my experience . 
  yeah , i think aiden gillian has read them . 
  robb and jon iirc have read the early ones , not sure if they 've read them all . 
  and jaimie 's read them too iirc, 
  platini playing his usual blinder i see . 
  how 's suso been ? 
  08/09 we were just incredibly difficult to beat . 
  for spells we were n't amazing , but were grinding out 2-1 wins and 1-0 wins late on . 
  we were besting the teams around us like united and chelsea , and were basically living off an incredible midfield of alonso/mascherano and gerrard . 
  that , with torres up top , benayoun and kuyt either side who had fantastic seasons . 
  reina at his best , arbeloa , aurelio , agger and carra . 
  am i allowed to do it if i 'm english myself ? 
  none of them are from the north west i do n't think . 
  dazed and confused ? 
  of course it 's a point , but if you 're saying that 's the sole reason we 're second then you 're wrong . 
  socks are the most important bit of clothing to be honest . 
  dry pair of socks after it 's been raining heavily is godly . 
  if they roll over again , at home too , there 's something badly wrong . 
  this is on the uk one . 
  despise my local labour mp , derek twigg . 
  horrible cunt . 
  this will be my first election anyway , but i 'll be voting greens . 
  only party which partly suit my philosophy . 
  to reward people who have already bought it . 
  even a # 5 discount would be fine, 
  loyalty . 
  show of good faith . 
  did the exorcist just suddenly speak on anyone else 's sky sports ? 
  we do it every year , iirc we have a deal to play a home match a year with them on . 
  think it 's a blind charity . 
  what a goal son, 
  three year or so i think . 
  it 's a nice gesture, 
  example ? 
  even king phillip 's made an appearance today on the left, 
  flanaldinho at it again, 
  he has his shooting boots back, 
  and now , i believe . 
  god that game was frustrating !, 
  i 'd blocked that from my memory, 
  hull, 
  been singing it since the southampton match, 
  by selling your best player , and buying too many average players and not play to their strengths, 
  penalties and 1-0 wins, 
  he looks like heston blumenthal, 
  they 'll all prefer to go to us anyway if we finish top four . 
  where we ever seriously in for him though ? 
  pretty sure we were in for lamela , but not sure on eriksen . 
  sakho 's been great . 
  it 's just no point replacing skrtel/agger with him , with how we 're playing, 
  reina always used to say he 'd love to go atletico at some point in his career , so that 's a possibility . 
  ah yes , the mersey gateway , meaning thousands of people will instead choose to divert through warrington then have to pay for the bridge . 
  could check out spike island , too . 
  has clarke in it . 
  shameful plug for a movie set about 2 minutes from my house, 
  nope . 
  rather lambert for the ` big guy ' option , especially since he 's also very good with his feet . 
  # 20 for a tent is n't that bad , considering all the money they 'll spend on weed, 
  do n't forget the dragons !, 
  why was she so deserving , and not the other targs ? 
  same , she 's so mental and thinks she 's so smarter then what she actually is , and some great moments coming up in the show from the books . 
  typical disillusioned teenager . 
  think at some point in everyone 's life , you can relate to him, 
  if you read the compendiums i do n't think you notice the pacing , because if you 're like me , you just blast through them non-stop, 
  the people in the train car will all stay alive for the time being , of that i 'm sure . 
  i sort of disagree . 
  do n't get me wrong , with sam they wo n't get relegated , but if they let sam go in the summer and give a new manager a chance to buy his own players in the summer , i think they 'll still have well enough to stay up next year , and build on it . 
  possibly looking at a jones/ferdinand/vidic / buttner back four ? 
  i can see this ending sort of close , a draw of narrow bayern win . 
  but in the second leg , ca n't see anything but bayern trouncing them, 
  in the past they hired avram grant , now that was baffling .
