  that says more about the other refs , than oliver in my opinion . 
  kevin friend is the absolute worst . 
  not a chelsea fan , but mourinho probably trusts him a bit more . 
  he knows he wo n't do anything stupid . 
  hendo should be upped too . 
  maybe ibe with a small upgrade too ? 
  can ? 
  can get deals wrapped up way before that , mind . 
  atsu has n't done too well at everton . 
  i ask this as jailor . 
  i do n't have the wiki open to cross check it , but i 've played it so much , i have most of the abilities memorized . 
  i can normally tell when someone is lying . 
  pfft , 45 ? 
  but it 's my job as jailor to execute non-townies . 
  i 'm not skyping , or chatting , i 'm using in-game materials to kill people who i think are n't townies . 
  do you have a problem with me asking people to post wills too ? 
  i 've been looking for it , but what exactly does the mp index mean ? 
  okay cheers pal . 
  mine is 116th , not too bad . 
  still hate the snide cunt though ... 
  if that happens , rodgers would n't last past christmas probably . 
  also known as cyberchondria, 
  balotelli ca n't score , and he ca n't defend either , apparently . 
  we need someone who 'll run in behind . 
  benteke would be a good player to have , but we 'd face a lot of the problems we have with balotelli . 
  you sure know how to endear people . 
  you might want to start with their name , so you do n't get knocked out . 
  [ i think he 's been hurt in the past ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/31eqwz/match_thread_arsenal_vs_liverpool/cq0w02z?context=3 ), 
  yes . 
  a toilet brush . 
  amazing how a player like allen can be in our starting eleven when he ca n't score , assist , or tackle too well . 
  he 's good at running alongside players when they have the ball though !, 
  just what we need at 1-0 down . 
  mark 's had a haircut !, 
  six subs . 
  and then two minutes from injuries/stops in play et al. 
  yup , just about what i expected to happen . 
  `` we were ` triffic , absolutely exceptional '', 
  that shoot out was ... unexpected . 
  macca is the guy who a year or two ago was the supposed ` itk ' who it turned out to be bullshit , based purely on guessing what 'll happen . 
  no chance with garry monk . 
  had a great year with swansea , and he 's one of their own , same with klopp , and not sure moyes would leave sociedad for west ham . 
  benitez would be great . 
  despite what a lot of people seem to think , he is a great manager , he 'll really be able to take you to the next level . 
  well they are in the south , so it 'll possibly happen ... 
  dyche is a good one . 
  he 's done so well at burnley , but west ham is a bit of a step up , so a bit of a risk . 
  to real madrid ? 
  good one . 
  i almost want it to happen , to see what they 'd do . 
  spend over 200 million in one summer , get too many players , who end up never playing at all , and get pissed off and wan na leave . 
  they 'll appeal if it happens , and do what barca done . 
  it 's weird to feel old considering i 'm from 1995 , too . 
  but i see kids out , and i feel the same . 
  [ sexy beast . 
  disagree , we have n't seen him enough to judge him one way or another . 
  similar to sterling like that . 
  funnily enough , look at rodgers ' swansea side . 
  with sinclair/dyer , neither of them could cross either . 
  he does n't have the work rate . 
  i 'm not who you asked , but i 'll answer . 
  kenny , first time around , was a great manager . 
  he came in and steadied the ship after roy , and we finished the season really strongly , playing good football . 
  between fsg/comolli/kenny they decided they wanted the ` best of the rest ' of british players , and that really did n't work out . 
  tactically , the game had changed too much , and kenny suffered . 
  benitez ; tactically was one of the best . 
  he got some truly great players for us , but was fucked over a bit . 
  rodgers ... is like a cross between the two . 
  his match management is pretty poor , he does n't really seem to know how to change a match when we 're losing , or struggling . 
  i used to feel sorry for the transfers , it seemed like a lot of them , he did n't really want , but recently it seems like the committee were the ones who wanted some of our better signings ( sturridge/sakho et al ) , whereas rodgers wanted lovren et al. 
  i 'm really torn about what i want to happen . 
  i thought the same last year . 
  and the year before . 
  not at anfield . 
  the glazers ( united owners ) , are pretty well hated by united fans , too . 
  abramovic is n't by chelsea , because he 's the one who made them into a good side . 
  arsenal 's owners get a lot , too . 
  incredibly high ticket prices etc. 
  fsg are the owners , they are the ones who ok every transfer . 
  it 's ' * their * ' money afterall . 
  they 're the ones who set up the transfer committee , scouts etc. 
  they have final say on everything . 
  no one has mentioned wisdom yet . 
  he was good the other year when he played , had two loan spells now , and played a lot . 
  wba fans seem a bit mixed on him , but i 'd be incredibly disappointed if we do n't give him some game time , at least . 
  i agree with the janmaat love , he 'd be a good player . 
  infact , if/when we need another left back , willems would be a shout . 
  we could n't get him for less than 10 million . 
  he 's been great for newcastle , and ashley loves getting lots of cash off us , he knows we 'll pay it . 
  i did n't say i hated them . 
  i did n't even imply it , i answered the question . 
  gordon strachan was great for [ this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lslghyf-inm ), 
  [ here 's a bunch, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfev0io0icw ), 
  [ this is hilarious too ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4lmbsr2zyk ), 
  completely disagree . 
  wisdom always looked solid in a liverpool shirt . 
  strong , and quick . 
  he 's not great going forwards , but he 's really solid .
