  those players just have n't came to the forefront yet, 
  we have lots of possibilities to play upfront , but he 'll get his chance , especially if he keeps up his form in pre-season . 
  sturridge , origi , firmino , mane , ings ( who i still rate ) all around there . 
  but with injuries , champions league , and the fact some of those can/will play mainly out wide , he 'll get his chance to impress and i hope he does, 
   arsenal need something else . 
  i rate lacazette , but he is n't going to take them from last season to title winning . 
  i 'm not sure what they need , but they need something . 
  i think arsenal are the team i 'm really looking forward to seeing how they get on next season . 
  i would n't be surprised if they finish sixth , or second next season . 
  finally fell out the cl , so they might kick on , or just self destruct especially if they do n't keep adding to their squad and lose sanchez et al. 
  i read that as him saying lack of diversity throughout his movies, 
  job searching now i 've finished uni . 
  my current job i had through uni was good in uni because it 's zero hours , and would do it around uni , but now i want better hours . 
  i 'm not bothered about different start/end times , i just want a job that is n't 100 % office based , and not mind numbing . 
  getting fed up, 
  went there for about two months around 2012 . 
  can tell the staff hate it , my advisor , or whatever they 're called was completely unhelpful and just hitting the buzzwords you could tell he 'd been told to do . 
  he was n't bothered if i got a job or not , he just told me to apply for x amount of jobs on the gov.uk website , and x amount on other websites which i had to write down so they knew i was actively looking for jobs . 
  nope . 
  mane , salah and firmino , coutinho in midfield playing further forwards . 
  i can believe this , problem is a lot of places wo n't have it in 3d . 
  lot of places near me are n't even showing it !, 
  think there 's a lot of teams that could sneak the play offs . 
  villa to be top three , leeds to make the playoffs and preston to maybe just miss out on playoffs . 
  think boro might struggle though , and sunderland and hull midtable, 
  yeah , cinemas already do this . 
  the lights stay on , less/no ads , sounds quieter, 
  i went to see captain underpants the other day cos i had heard such good things , they talk about fannies and i kept laughing because the context made it so much funnier, 
  i also work in a cinema , we 've never neen told about the fire exit thing . 
  we 've been prompted what to do/say etc , but told that if ultimately someone does n't wan na leave , leave them there . 
  allocated seats i think is mainly for specific requests as you said , but mainly for when it gets busy . 
  if there 's two seats left with no allocated seats , they wo n't be sold cos they 'll almost certainly not be together . 
  oh constantly , normally if it 's not busy i just tell them to sit anywhere rather than deal with the hassle . 
  my cinema 's a pretty small one , most seats in our biggest screen is 180 odd , so it 's a bit more lax, 
  honestly i think currently we 're looking at finishing fifth , but with vvd we 'd be in the top four, 
  after overspending back when lerner gave a fuck . 
  their squad was huge with so many overpaid fringe players, 
  not sure about that , but he wo n't join us now . 
  he 'll go bayern or somewhere next year, 
  also lallana . 
  guess taa 'll be playing . 
  do n't think they have any natural defenders based on this game, 
  remember papa bouba diop ? 
  to think so many people overlooked mane when we signed him . 
  nice one lads, 
  can morata play cb, 
  we already have money , if we then gained another 140 being public knowledge , we 'd be forced to overpay so hard . 
   nut job, 
  going down the fast & furious route i see, 
  he 's not , to swansea he is though . 
  and i think he 'll do really well at everton , far better than barkley . 
  i really like him , tbey just need a striker now, 
  a lot of bus drivers have to provide their own float . 
  some people might not have # 100 's laying about . 
  decent , nothing particularly outstanding . 
  the sound mixing for the punches seemed a bit over the top at times ? 
  i get it based off a comic or something , but the plot of ` bad guy has a list of spies ' is a bit overdone and simple . 
  yeah , i did them about five years ago , and was told by my tutors ( near the end of second year ) that you 'll still get in if you miss out on grade or two . 
  think they bump them up , but are n't expecting everyone to actually get them , to work harder maybe . 
  that 's a lot for edge hill !, 
  i 'm hoping to get onto a pgce there , only needed a 2:2 at undergrad to get in , and c 's in english and maths . 
  general studies , man . 
  i got an e too . 
  as if i 'm going to study for an exam the day before my philosophy exam which is general studies , in which we had three lessons ` teaching ' us it prior, 
  yeah , my mate 's firm was northumbria , ended up getting offered oxbridge few year ago, 
  both are solid uni 's , depends on which course you wan na do , i 'd say . 
  both are great places in their own ways , york 's a bit quieter but still plenty to do . 
  oh bore off , let people do something they enjoy . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  based off the page the email sent me to , it sounds like i just need to provide id and they 'll do the dbs check , and i fill out a medical form and they finish it off . 
  it says because i applied so late to bring id etc to the interview so they can get me set up should i get onto the course . 
  it says if i 'm successful , because it 's so late i may not start dead-on with the rest of them , but i 'd be able to start if my dbs/med form is still pending , which is good . 
  i just had a look and ended up on a page talking about subject specific help , which i might not have without your comment , hah . 
  i need to do a portfolio of degree work etc , which should be fine , as my diss was a very practical one ( pokemon-go but for finding jobs ) . 
  and a 5 minute presentation about the struggles of becoming an it teacher , which should n't be difficult , i can already think of some material . 
  i am really curious about how competitive the course is , though . 
  i 've been told a lot there 's a shortage of it teachers , and how the bursaries are so generous , so maybe that 's increased its popularity ? 
  best get onto doing student finance and book my professional tests thingy now, 
  thanks again, 
  okay , cool thanks . 
  the bursary bit i was n't sure about . 
  so i wo n't know the amount unless/until i get on the course ? 
  it says on getintoteaching it ones go up to 25k , i obviously wo n't get the full amount i 'd assume . 
  does the bursary go on my/my parents earnings do you know ? 
  oh wow , really ? 
  i got a 2:1 which says itd be 25k, 
  on the plus side , you get 70 % in uni , that 's a first !, 
  well most of the world do n't know them , or only know them by name . 
  they were n't on tv over here in england . 
  which is fine , apart from the fact these are mostly unrealistic installments, 
  jenkinson is too good for birmingham surely . 
  i know the owners and redknapp have some pull and wan na show off some good players , but i do n't believe no prem sides where in for him, 
  eh , to a point probably . 
  i know a few people who have coffee roasters etc , but you 're right that most people here have instant coffee or those pod machine things nescafe sell . 
  i 'm sure our instant coffee is n't as good as a lot of your stuff , but you can definitely get nice instant coffee if you try around, 
  we need to get out of guns, 
  we 're going legit, 
  bayern were apparently going after him next season , probably alongside madrid and the other big ones, 
  we do n't need the money from coutinho , though saying that , it may set up coutinho to leave next summer . 
  devils advocate , but they would n't want to say otherwise , then prices go up .
