  they 're cutting off funding to the nhs , and will inevitably later say ` look , it 's not working !, 
  nhs is poo , let 's privatise ! '', 
  etc etc. 
  `` only 90 's kids will get this '', 
  source : am ' 90 's kid ', 
  it 's funny , because allen has n't started recently other than oldham . 
  * you could be my dad *, 
  back in gears of war 1 days , multiplayer , our team was getting bloody roasted . 
  some guy over the mic said we should hide in the dark bunker place where we spawned , just to annoy them . 
  so we did , they came and destroyed us . 
  after a few seconds silence , i heard the guy say `` clearly the enemy were baffled '' and i burst out laughing . 
  warning : non-relevant post in this thread . 
  i ca n't watch that scene . 
  it 's too fucking stupid . 
  instead of shooting , they all run into each other and fight hand to hand . 
  not for us non-americans , we did n't . 
  that ` meal ' looks fucking vile . 
  if this happened , i bet the quality would suffer . 
  that 's the beauty of some of british shows , they do n't get milked along . 
  reaper . 
  ended prematurely . 
  i loved it . 
  it seems much more like ds2 than ds1 , but i preferred 2 over 1 anyway, 
  or england itself !, 
  but the steward 's coat says ` champions league ', 
  just word of warning , if you ever go to england , do not call it ` epl ' or face immediate , constant ridicule . 
  note ; do not look through the graveyard in this thread . 
  warned you . 
  do n't listen to him , he 's wrong . 
  no one calls it the bpl , or uses the full title . 
  it 's just called ` prem ' , ` premiership ' , or just ` league ' or something . 
  though if it 's a commentator or sports presenter , they 'll use ` barclays premier league ' or ` top flight ', 
  no one in the history of ever , has called it the bpl, 
   ( i ) rodgers being a more popular appointment among fans and ( ii ) it being accepted that rodgers has a sizeable rebuilding job to do . 
  essentially nailed it in your op . 
  so i guess you 're not english then ? 
  aka qpr 's next signing, 
  thing is , he had a three week trial beforehand, 
  billy sharp 's , anyone ? 
  * secret * journalists, 
  op took a aarow to the knee lol, 
  currently about 105 pages in . 
  it gets better , yes ? 
  i really enjoyed life of pi . 
  spent about 7 hours reading it without moving one day . 
  i gave out mine , i do n't have anything to be embarrassed by on here . 
  anyway , that 's what throwaways are for, 
  you so should . 
  if you 're like me , then you wo n't feel half the effect until about the third time, 
  i doubt the trains would be as shite as they are now . 
  occupy madagascar, 
  guaranteed top comment then, 
  this comment is n't very popular , huh . 
  my dad met allardyce at the grand national the other year , he said he was a very nice man . 
  ( coming from a liverpool fan , too ), 
  you 'd squish me :(, 
  it was off the back of an awful season for him , and gareth barry 's stock was massively rising . 
  at the time i supported it , alonso had been poor and barry had been great . 
  looking back , i 'm very glad he did n't leave but at the time i think the general consensus was it was for the best he would be moved on . 
  i quite like swansea , their kit is sex , their manager 's cool , and they play lovely football . 
  athletic bilbao . 
  tranmere , because they 're a local side . 
  as roma too , because totti , and sexy kit . 
  clubs i do n't really like ; lazio , napoli , most prem sides , millwall . 
  except kyri was actually pretty good when he played, 
  shawcross is a thug , a bellend and a manc . 
  eriksson would n't come here . 
  alderweireld and mertens perhaps , but i think hwe can do better than mertens . 
  when we played them , i do n't think there was any racial aggravation , but tons of reports of fans getting attacked , mobbed , bottled etc. 
  so racism is n't the only problem , lest we forget . 
  he done well at macclesfield , and the first time around at mk dons , but other than them you 're correct . 
  the lighting on that video was painful, 
  i feel sorry if you 're a preston fan . 
  genuinely the most heartwrenching , worst two years of my life , ending with me being sacked . 
  the board made me sell all my decent players !, 
  :( they were n't half stingy , made me sell my better players , not sign anyone , and expected promotion . 
  beavon was decent though , he could n't half score some worldies, 
  but surely then he was n't there long enough to rank him badly . 
  i think this is more common than you think . 
  it 's such a lovely feeling getting rid of all that out your system , then looking at it and thinking ` not bad ' . 
  i think this is more common than you think . 
  it 's such a lovely feeling getting rid of all that out your system , then looking at it and thinking ` not bad ' . 
   brendan rogers is not a top four manager, 
  liverpool are n't a top four team though . 
  though i think if he was here only to get into the champions league we 'd have gone for a more experienced manager , a-la redknapp etc. 
  i do n't think op can see us all , from up there on his horse, 
   this is the flaw with ~ ~ reddit ~ ~ itself . 
  the internet, 
  i , personally , do n't bother listening to reviews . 
  if a game looks fun , and i 'm interested in it i 'll buy it . 
  it goes wrong sometimes , but it also goes well sometimes too . 
  you cool , man ? 
  wear it as a badge of honour . 
  if you 're not arsed about it being far away , you could park behind anfield cemetery . 
  always places to park just by one of the entrances , near some shops . 
  i normally seem to keep myself from embarrassing myself whilst drunk , mainly because i 'm a depressive drunk and normally just seclude myself to my safe place . 
  however once i threw up in my friends ' house , i felt pretty awful about that . 
  over here it 's 18 , but we all start drinking earlier usually . 
  i 'm 17 now , and i only drink like once a week but that 's in a pub that 'll serve me . 
  it 's not about age , it 's about maturity which does n't necessarily come with age .
