  i played control warrior last month , got to ~ 16 on ranked . 
  started playing secret pala and i 'm already up to 14th eight days into the month . 
  ca n't beat 'em , and all that :(, 
  they were both on at the same time on saturday too . 
  weird how that happened . 
  for ages i thought despicable me and mastermind were the same movie, 
  is black ops 3 out yet ? 
  do n't forget dwight also becomes the assistant to the assistant to the regional manager, 
  ` ugly ' is different from being 160 pounds . 
  you can request it , but you ca n't demand it iirc . 
  on job applications there is a religious field , but there 's always an option for ` secular ' / ` not willing to say ' . 
  the problem is , if someone clicks ` not willing to say ' , they wo n't bookmark your application . 
  but to be honest , if you were secular i do n't see a big problem in a catholic school not be willing to give you a job , unless you fronted a religious face . 
  demo feels clunky this year . 
  much slower , might stop the sweat a little bit . 
  but graphically , no improvements based off the demo . 
  plenty of teams in london i 'm surprised are n't in form him though to be honest . 
  honestly mate , it 's no worse than any other cities . 
  infact manchester has a higher crime rate iirc . 
  some places are rough , every city has them though, 
  would n't be surprised if a team about to be relegated offers him the job to try save them a-la solksjaer, 
  which is a shame as i 'm no big fan of allen , but him in the bigger games he definitely adds something with his pressing . 
  the prem is n't the best league in the world right now , that 's true . 
  but are you suggesting with the ` global footballing world ' bit that america will overtake any of the top 10 in europe ? 
  even though he 's not even playing for city right now ? 
  [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n31xr5rta4g ), 
  thought you had afobe ? 
  liverpool reserves ? 
  what may make it worse is hendo may be injured , too . 
  ofc , but i meant he 's captain and english and knows he has to step up and make it a real contest, 
  i just loved using hernanes . 
  saved my bacon hundreds of times with his godly long shots . 
  exactly . 
  takes all my corners , the amount of goals from corners chiellini has for me is definitely because of hernanes ' delivery . 
  ive never used him . 
  i only have if bolasie because i 'm poor , but even that card is godly . 
  playing against tots bolasie is horrific . 
  i have the same , too . 
  sau and ibarbo as supersubs . 
  if rb florenzi is great too . 
  my first match he scored a hattrick against newcastle . 
  utter gobshite of a man, 
  i want it now . 
  sarsaparilla 's great . 
  no way . 
  he 's a cunt . 
  the amount of yellow cards for cynical challenges constantly . 
  [ vid of him being a cunt ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=doo2ggrr7mc ), 
  playing horribly so far . 
  apart from when he gave the ball away , and nearly a goal , too ? 
  seems with rodgers we 're either too attacking and get countered on constantly , or too defensive and forget what a ball looks like . 
  now that 's some terrible defending . 
  we ca n't even park a bus well . 
  yeah if we offered him the job he 'd take it . 
  things can change , but as it stands he would . 
  you posted this before ft ? 
  what a load of wank . 
  we ca n't even park a bus . 
  hoping our more experienced players would step up , but milner and lucas were shocking . 
  we had no gameplan , and yet again we completely isolate the striker , go behind , and make subs when the game 's already over . 
  so , what , three goals we 've scored now ? 
  we 've conceded six . 
  looks like the new plan of a more defensive team does n't work , because surprise surprise , our defenders just are n't very good . 
  do n't really think anyone comes out of this with any credit . 
  better than what we 've got , but not great . 
  four wins from fourteen now . 
  hard to get excited over a goal making it 3-1 , too . 
  at 2-0 , it may have not been a ` consolation ' goal either . 
  missing any fucking passion and desire completely from us . 
  he was probably our best midfielder , but he was still wank . 
  milner needs to up his game . 
  exactly . 
  that 's my point . 
  it 's just odd he absolutely creamed himself over martial 's goal, 
  yeah , i did n't mind him at first , but after the whole homophobic storyline came out i started hating him . 
   probably, 
  that sounds like a bad precedent, 
  yeah , our form actually improved after the ` rafa 's rant ' . 
  our form improved after his rant . 
  it is one of those ` what ifs ' from the early part of the 2000 's . 
  like ronaldo . 
  i think he 's better than jennings ever was . 
  jennings scored a screamer on his debut , then played decent after that . 
  every time i 've seen gray he 's been really good . 
  swansea are two points off second place . 
  they 've played united and chelsea . 
  it 's too early to care about the table , all you want at this point are good performances and decent results . 
  we 've had neither . 
  i watched ` prisoners ' on recommendations it 's like zodiac . 
  not disappointed . 
  great episode . 
  [ future spoiler ] ( / s `` made sure not to read up on it or anything , trailer after it showed a certain character i 'd have rather not known will be in it '' ), 
  nah , hugh jackman/gylenhall movie . 
  what / u/as7ronaut posted, 
  i 'm not as critical as a lot of people . 
  he 's shown good touches , does n't help starting in a 3-1 and 3-0 loss . 
  still think he 'll be a good player here . 
  he 's just too selfish and does n't work hard enough . 
  players very very rarely succeed here unless they work hard . 
   seriously , no one is succeeding this year at liverpool .
