  the rumoured third kit is horrendous though . 
  this is true . 
  i think england has the largest accent change per mile in the world , or something . 
  edit - ` change ' not ` chance ' . 
  `` i smashed her cunt last night '', 
  backing him next season to be honest . 
  the whole team has been crap , bar skrtel , only reason he 's getting a lot of limelight is because he costs quite a lot . 
  it took him a season to perform at villa , could very well do that here . 
  he 's had a few assists and goals in the cups , and probably would have had more if our strikers could score . 
  he wo n't be sold , no chance . 
  same on rawk , there 's an everton thread were people post quotes from you lot . 
  it goes both ways , both clubs have stupid fans . 
  probably bullshit . 
  but i trust the owners to make the correct decision . 
  most hated family in america by louis theroux . 
  i 'd seen it before , but it 's still good . 
  and [ your father 's murderer : a letter to zachary ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1152758/ ), 
  ssn really does seem to find the stupidest fans whenever they interview fans outside stadiums . 
  not sure about that . 
  i know we did bid for him , but united ousted us . 
  here in britain both are quite well known , mighty boosh especially , but i guess in the states it will be pretty unknown . 
  i like how most of the shows mentioned are british shows , so as a brit reading through here i 'm all `` that 's not lesser known ! '', 
  wayne 's world , super , the omega man , star wars : a new hope , aliens . 
  but honestly it 's too difficult to narrow them down . 
  warrington ? 
  high five from widnes !, 
  i refuse to drink your cider . 
  the shit is just ... 
  yeah , for liverpool !, 
  ( well , not quite , but i live about 5 minutes away ), 
  i came from your mother too, 
  oh my , how he was brilliant at liverpool . 
  that should be an adidas advert, 
  but why guys ? 
  why :(, 
  as a liverpool fan , i 'm very used to jokes being made on here . 
  just retreat back to your club 's subreddit and cry, 
  would never take him back . 
  no one is bigger than the club , and he thought he was . 
  he made his bed , leave him to lie in it at chelsea . 
  he 's clearly not as good as he was a while ago , so why should we take him back . 
  i also know no one sitting near where i do would welcome him back . 
  i was sticking up for you , but okay then . 
  shame , would have loved him . 
  really well played of him though to decide to stay , only raises my opinion on the man . 
  hope in a few years he can possibly manage us . 
  but as said , we 're approaching many managers , interviewing them , then choosing one , just a shame it 's not frank . 
  rangnick would be my next choice . 
  op would love me . 
  how you doin ', 
  guilty, 
  had an as exam . 
  fun fun . 
  c'mon , grab your friends ... 
  vampires and porn . 
  bruce loveaxe, 
  vietnam history exam , by any chance ? 
  ah close enough . 
  well good luck with your results !, 
  i just want him gone now , had enough of this saga . 
  dick move from milan not playing him once his clause was about to kick in , just for that i hope we do n't sell to them . 
  good luck kelly , always impresses me when he plays . 
  johnson needs to be on his game next season otherwise kelly will be ahead . 
  just the player we need , but it made too much sense for us to sign him . 
  great signing for swansea , could tell he was going to be a success there , anyone who seen him at reading could see that . 
  useless tidbit of the day : that 's my birthday !, 
  high five for your unborn fetus !, 
  unfortunately , we can keep things quiet on our end , but not the other . 
  i like my birthday : o be odd if i was born a day later and living in america . 
  i 'd be a national fucking treasure !, 
  piercings are cool . 
  currently have an extender , and a tragus in my left ear . 
  enjoy having them . 
  tongue piercings are cool , but i think they 'd get in the way too much for me to get one , for a girl i 'd recommend . 
  i 'll celebrate with you < 3, 
  '' ... '' - gordon freeman, 
  i liked a serbian film ... 
  ... sick film , truly horrible . 
  but i liked it . 
  i sicken myself . 
  quiet . 
  that 's how . 
  [ purple-aki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/akinwale_arobieke ) think he sounds pleasant ? 
  not quite . 
  he used to walk around touching males muscles . 
  session 9, 
  happiness . 
  oh god i 'm glad i watched that alone . 
  finally my loneliness comes in handy !, 
  i 'm not sure if i dislike them more , just because i think craig is n't a good bond ( good actor , not a good bond in my opinion ) , or if they 're getting worse, 
  i 've got to be the * one * to ask but ... link ? 
  nick clegg is that you ? 
  horrible event . 
  rip, 
   there is no coincidence that two of the biggest stadium disasters in europe are attributed to liverpool . 
  do n't be a twat , just remember the dead . 
  rip . 
  never realised it messed up , cheers !, 
  northerner here . 
  no morrisons either , just lots of asda 's and tesco 's .
