  he 's good at shot stopping , he 's just bad with the ball at his feet , communicating , and coming for crosses . 
  crossing is clyne 's issue . 
  he 's the most solid right back we 've had in ages , but when he comes forward he does n't really add too much other than movement, 
  he 'll move on in the summer , and i think it 'll be amicable . 
  he 's been a really good servant , and he 's a good guy , but if we want to move forwards he 's gon na have to make way, 
  do n't get how linesmen get those wrong . 
  only had one thing to look at . 
  heck of a save , but ibe way too relaxed on the ball there . 
  always moreno . 
  always the left hand side , with moreno caught way out of position . 
  does n't help that ibe done nothing . 
  done . 
  my insurance dropped by # 1000 after my first year , sounds good , but i think that just shows how much it costs for first timers . 
  i 'm still paying too much . 
  not just that , if you make it to a supervisor position , it 's great to put on a cv . 
  they not gon na do another if it sells out ? 
  that 's the only way i got my stone roses tickets, 
  needs more ` keep calm ' mugs, 
  wilshere and fellaini are first ones to mind . 
  not a transfer though ? 
  to be fair , they 've overachieved a bit this season anyway . 
  oops , my mistake . 
  thought you meant brighton . 
  thought he meant brighton . 
  they 're boss on fifa . 
  maybe you just ca n't play . 
  it was attempt to avoid relegation . 
  we started really well , in the play-offs until november-ish , then hot/cold for the rest of the season . 
  another ~ 8 points and we 'd have been 12-ish iirc, 
   they are either returned to the distributor or are occasionally given to staff members , or destroyed at the distributor 's request . 
  i dunno about other cinemas , but the one i work at , do n't think we 've ever sent anything back . 
  posters or standee 's . 
  if there 's more than ~ 2 posters for a movie we can take them home , the standee 's just get recycled . 
  as much as i hate the dick , i agree with him there . 
  this thread is ... [ something ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/4hupus/david_cameron_must_apologise_to_donald_trump/ ) . 
  wow , another widnesian in the wild . 
  not often you see that !, 
  there is a subreddit , but believe it or not its not too busy ... 
  scoreboard looks lower down on bt than normal . 
  or maybe i 'm going insane . 
  thought it was just me, 
  anyone who complained about that is a tit . 
  but i do n't remember anyone saying anything like that, 
  lol , ` foul ', 
  simmer down friend . 
  that we rested most of our first team at the weekend ? 
  like marcos senna . 
  flew under the radar for years, 
  that was all a bit silly, 
  suarez is a little pillock huh, 
  bullshit , that . 
  thought you were n't meant to touch the keeper ? 
  they basically pushed him . 
  sevilla 5-3 up on agg, 
  moreno is a masochist, 
  switzerland lads, 
  reminds me of us playing blackburn few years ago , offside given to us , the blackburn defender tried to take it from past the halfway line and got angry at the ref when he told him to move it . 
  ca n't be offside in your own half pal, 
  can is the absolute motm . 
  rodgers was awful in europe, 
  it 's like 2009 all over again, 
  can would be my motm . 
  was everywhere . 
  klopp stealing the moment from sturridge here haha, 
  how would that play into it ? 
  we 're obviously stronger at home , but so 's every team . 
  [ and of course ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4ihnqru-ju ), 
  they had that argument on the pitch , iirc vs west brom, 
  honestly i think 2009 arbeloa vs current clyne is pretty even . 
  same pros and cons too . 
  yeah , i 'd say clyne 's slightly better offensively , and certainly has more pace . 
  i 'll always remember [ arbeloa 's contribution in this goal tho ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mhl7grckdu ), 
  hope not . 
  he 's a really good manager . 
  they do n't like sadiq khan i believe, 
  yeah , they need few lucozades , a shit and vomit first , usually, 
  to be fair , he 's always been an arse . 
  that 's the joke, 
  you were really reaching for that one huh, 
  not sure how right it us , but supposedly [ supported liverpool ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/a4/21/ea/a421ea4ceea4167ceb07a1566673292f.jpg ) . 
  few pics of him wearing the shirt/meeting players, 
  you should buy sturdier chairs, 
  that was appalling, 
  went to see elo there the other month , it was about # 4 a pint iirc, 
  compared to that , this is nailed on to happen, 
  hope he was at krazyhouse, 
  know some preston fans who absolutely loved pickford . 
  maybe at the start of the year when things are n't as tense as it 's been for sunderland recently , he 'll get some game time . 
  would n't mind that . 
  i like moreno , but he gets caught out way too much . 
  slut dropping with smirnoff ices counts as dancing, 
  cou was let go as they wanted kovacic and needed funds , and did n't really fit into their style . 
  may be similar for zielinski, 
  he 's not being sold though , his contract 's up, 
  if you 're at home you could probably multi-screen it , the europa league final 's on youtube, 
  who are villareal playing tonight ? 
  soft as fuck foul, 
  both teams targetting each others ' defence looks like . 
  not in the europa squad , and he 'll be here next year . 
  good player , was starting to get into form before his injury .
