  bet his mam 's got it on record , gon na get a maccies on his way home , lucky lad . 
  not sure , they 're not really gon na be involved in much of the debate to be honest . 
  just clegg/ed/dave shit throwing each other , really . 
  instead of caring who wins , i think he just wants to make a few people laugh . 
  debate bingo ; leanne wood just said ` in the valleys ', 
  leanne wood 's the looker . 
  half time substitution . 
  replacing number 7 is number 8 , boris johnson . 
  just waiting for ` jeremy clarkson ', 
  ooooh , nhs question . 
  this ought to be fun . 
  edit - dave and clegg just gon na crouch down a bit and hope they 're not seen . 
  some kid who asked the first question . 
  in his prom suit . 
  debate bingo ; cameron 's talked about his disabled son , in reference to the nhs . 
  oddly enough , i think nicola sturgeon is probably doing best so far . 
  `` i do n't want to build hs2 '' `` why , nigel ? '', 
  `` them bloody foreigners would fill up all the spaces '', 
  she knows the only one who 'll vote for her is welsh , she might as well just concentrate on them . 
  oh wow nigel , you fucking mong . 
  he 's bombing it , cunt . 
  never thought i 'd want an ad break , but i need a piss . 
  but his mum can put it on her outfit card !, 
  she 's a clever one , is jonny 's mam, 
  i 'm outside merseyside . 
  labour is the only winner here . 
  should have made a debate bingo card . 
  oh god , immigration next . 
  wonder who they 'll target ... 
  destroy the horcrux !, 
  why ? 
  #breaking nigel farage leads field in itv news comres poll at ht in leaders ' debate . 
  ukip leader 24 % , miliband 21 % cameron 19 % . 
  gosh , imagine if it was david instead ? 
  ed is decent , david would have been so much better . 
  cutting uni fees from 9k , to 6k , so we do n't drown in debt is n't exactly massive , ed . 
  five comment in five minutes . 
  enjoying yourself tonight eh lad !, 
  clegg really put ed on the spot there, 
  there 's the heckler !, 
  something about the forces becoming homeless i think, 
   how tall is david cameron ? 
  asking the important questions, 
  the last season was the weakest , in my opinion . 
  i was expecting so much more , since the source material is asos . 
  the man who signed him , and gave him his best football ? 
  ( end of 08/08 ), 
  never wanted to murder someone more than when he scored that goal . 
  little cunt . 
  goal against madrid and united within a week . 
  what a weak for someone who was just absolutely terrible for us . 
  writing off markovic is bizarre . 
  first year in england , and he has n't done * badly *, 
  the groundhog day episode ? 
  i liked that one . 
  the clip show episode from like season two was shocking , but the worst episode is easily the one where crusher falls in love with her grandmothers ghost boyfriend, 
  meh , makes it funner for me answering them at home . 
  naming manic street preachers number 1 singles is n't my forte , at least in the new format , there 's three options, 
  oooh that one !, 
  i liked that one !, 
  one of the first i ever seen iirc . 
  well he was n't offside . 
  that pass was by a man with zero confidence . 
  just proving why sterling 's not a striker . 
  those comments are so predictable , yet , after that interview he gave and the media circus , he 's got to be expecting that . 
  got ta love any formation when your cb can run down the flank , and stay there with his hand raised asking for it . 
  it 'll come in time . 
  i expect when we go back to a 4-2-3-1 , or 4-3-3 , he 'll really start shining . 
  he 's played the last few months at wing back out of necessity . 
  i 'd rather see brannagan than sterling at this point . 
  maybe once sterling gets his wage , he 'll get the ball past the first man . 
  because borini is terrible . 
  pot calling kettle black . 
  it was to show her that not everybody is a ` good guy ' etc. 
  unlike his other movies , this is the one where he goes for too much style over substance . 
  gabe in the office . 
  he has his moments , but they 're occasional . 
  funny , we 've said the same thing for 25 years . 
  sorry , but finishing fifth is not meeting expectations . 
  sure , last year was a bit of a flash in the pan , and fair enough , i did n't expect us to finish second this year , but finishing fifth is not meeting expectations . 
  i believe it was rodgers who said something about spurs `` when you spend 100 million , you should be challenging for the title , not for fourth '' . 
  i know you 're trying to make a point , but maxi was , not downing . 
  [ hmm ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/football/32121102 ), 
  woah , you forgot [ violent femmes !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdfhqoglphg ), 
  same for a lot of people here in the uk too, 
  what if i have a really , really terrible mobile from 1990 ? 
  also apparently he has no say in who napoli signs . 
  massively in debt , could n't sign the players he wanted , and yet for a few years during all of this , we challenged domestically , and in europe . 
  ... how ? 
  did she not have brakes , or something ? 
  i was expecting a lot more serious play in ranked . 
  i did n't get that ... 
  i was in a game as gf , the framer constantly whispered me telling me who to kill in the night . 
  the pure stupidity ... 
  and not correct . 
  sevilla always seem to be one of the last teams left in the europa league . 
  initially about 15th , then as the sky money came reeling in they 'd be around the top four in a few years . 
  are you friends with any fat people ? 
  what annoys me most is , goalkeepers barely ever give away pens on attacking players .
