  nothing sarcastic about that . 
  did n't mention them needing to be world class though ? 
  for a full back , who apparently excels offensively it kind of is . 
  if he was a centre back , fair enough . 
  shame what happened to palacios . 
  for a time , he was a really good midfielder . 
  it 's not stupid . 
  i like clyne , i think he 's england 's best rb . 
  we keep buying from the league , and when was the last successful one ? 
  that quote about insanity pops to mind . 
  he certainly has his weaknesses . 
  had no assists this season , for example . 
  i did n't kill them !, 
  my machine gun did !, 
  only alcoholics , and 12 year olds do that . 
  lawrence of arabia . 
  the great escape . 
  trainspotting, 
  snatch, 
  ~ ~ 2001 : a space odyssey is british too , is n't it ? 
  only danish movie i 've seen was excellent . 
  [ nightwatch ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110631/ ), 
  not german or anything , but you a fan of goodbye , lenin !, 
  really loved that . 
  i always trust tony b more than pearce anyway . 
  pearce is a bit * too * close to the club . 
  i 'm not some arse ( nal ) basher or anything , rather them win something than most other teams . 
  but people have said this for ten years . 
  * unpopular * opinion . 
  r/soccer loves to shit on us recently . 
  nice ninja edit remove mate , unfortunately i have no life right and refreshing reddit constantly . 
   your entitlement is showing right now so maybe it does apply to all of you . 
  really do n't want to get into an argument with someone like you . 
  heck of a journey from widnes to newcastle . 
  not a new one though , they played it earlier this year . 
  good ep though , got robbie savage . 
  we wo n't be signing a dm , based off our rumoured targets . 
  seems rodgers wants to go to three in midfield , but none of them too defensive . 
  shite pundit , but i find him pretty amusing to be honest, 
  benteke 's as mobile as a block of flats . 
  now he 's let mertesacker score, 
  anyone got the full article ? 
  as reliable as it comes mate . 
  if it 's in the times , it 's legit . 
  unfortunately , it 's behind a paywall . 
  sundaytimes is just the sunday version of the times . 
  had the top one , with bellamy iirc on it . 
  lovely kit . 
  i felt the same watching animal house as op did , i think . 
  urgh , that trailer completely ruined it for me . 
  both are really popular on reddit . 
  i only got blue clyne and tiago :(, 
  america would the winner , and the only one to enter . 
  c4 would have loved more , but linehan and co. just ran out of ideas . 
  if you have n't seen some of his other work , you definitely should . 
  pretty sure there 's a new one . 
  i 'd definitely say swansea surprised more than southampton . 
  completely unproven ( though loved ) manager , lost their big striker half way through the season and did n't replace him , still smashed it . 
  some people would have sure , but experienced manager and spent the cash that came in really well . 
  whereas swansea had a new manager , and not a huge amount of new blood . 
  i spend so much time looking for similar shows to shows i love , but do n't want to try to watch a show that 's completely * different * . 
  i started lost when it first came out , and the first three seasons or so i loved . 
  then as it went on , i kept watching it , but stopped enjoying it , but i was so committed , every week i 'd watch the new episode . 
  at least you can watch it all in one go !, 
  if it was some bullshit rumour from the metro , it would n't bother me . 
  but we are genuinely interested in benteke , and villa wo n't let their star striker leave cheap . 
  quality of care was great , the waiting was the only downside . 
  expectable , and i did n't mind it when it was waiting for scans though . 
  been the doctors three times for a persistent problem , first time the doc said it 's an infection blah blah , gave me a prescription and off i went . 
  did n't work , went back to another , sent off blood test , gave me some cream to use . 
  did n't work , went back and got prescription , did n't work again . 
  gave up after that . 
  my bloody belly button more or less sorted itself out . 
  i am roger . 
  does that count as proof ? 
  hope he 's sacked , but he wo n't be . 
  i like hendo and milner , but i honestly do n't see either as captain . 
  to be honest , i do n't think we have anyone here who really seems like captain material . 
  i love how the response for sterling has been . 
  burned his bridges here , and now no one wants him anymore , anyway . 
  rodgers would n't wan na give it to him . 
  i know lucas loves us , but i get the feeling he would n't mind moving on to italy , and rodgers is only playing him out of necessity , he really does n't wan na use a dm . 
  benteke is not . 
  we do n't need a back-up , we need someone who 'll challenge . 
  reliable journo 's saying he 's our top target , though . 
  if we start badly next season , he 'll have his hat on ready to go . 
  jewish atheist , too . 
  must not have one of those speed checkers on it . 
  let me guess , it 's a white works van ? 
  1 day old account . 
  schools out ey mate ? 
  my god , he 'd have no shins left . 
  the amount of kicks ... 
  waiting for this . 
  my serie a side is the only one i can actually really trouble teams with . 
  first time i had to traverse this [ guy ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/tarbock+island,+liverpool,+merseyside+l36+6je/@53.3978211,-2.8102705,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x487b1e6038ed1c97:0xd180feaaaf574a1f ) really confused me . 
  never had to deal with one of these on my lessons, 
  really over-rated . 
  fires hot/cold too much , getting on , and is on a high wage . 
  liking him more and more ...
