  he 's a bellend . 
  what happens when you have three strikers injured , and a team which completely depends on strikers . 
  get the fuck in ya beauty, 
  fuck off mourinho you cunt . 
  ya beauty, 
  ya absolute beauty, 
  easy win . 
  never in doubt . 
  catching the first train down to west ham . 
  rubbing salt in now . 
  lovren 's coming on . 
  in work at 5 :(, 
  do you write motd 's intro ? 
  first striker we 've had since crouch who can win long balls . 
  minimum of 2 minutes added time . 
  we were on the attack past 2 minutes , ref had every right to play on . 
  lucas should have been off , so should costa too . 
  does anthony gerrard still play in the championship ? 
  you getm curly hair ? 
  certainly get the feeling most scousers do n't really give a toss about the england nt . 
  i mean , i watch england , but choice between club and country is club any day of the week for me, 
  club , comfortably . 
  we should have won it three times in all honesty , but we ended up second , but we did n't so finishing second might as well be 17th, 
  our cinema was sold out for three days . 
  even now , it 's regularing ~ 80 % capacity , even sunday afternoon . 
  not really . 
  i liked it , but it 's just not a very ` bond movie ' . 
  understandable that people who love classic bond are n't as fond as ` new bond ', 
  my cinema was like that too here in the uk . 
  sold out for the first few days , still about 80/90 % capacity now . 
  absolute ballache ushering right now . 
  ciiiindy , the tv 's leaking . 
  i think we 're opening every single screen for the midnight premiere . 
  5 screens , all jam packed . 
  fucking hope i 'm not working, 
  our cinema 's stopped the martian now . 
  can only think it 's because spectre came out , because even in the last week the martian was pretty full, 
   my friend says this is unusual and suggested that packs from arena give better cards than bought packs, 
  nope , you 're just really lucky . 
   also , should i dust them and make a new deck or should i build a deck around them ? 
  thanks in advance !, 
  what legendaries are they ? 
  what / u/qwerkya said . 
  millhouse is pretty terrible 95 % of the time . 
  it 's just too risky . 
  i 'd disenchant it . 
  your mate is right re ; dr boom , it 's the best neutral legendary in the game , and it 's in huge amount of decks . 
  mimiron 's head i 've never used , but i 've always kind of liked the idea of the card in a rogue mech deck like [ this ] ( http://www.hearthpwn.com/decks/330391-mech ) but i doubt it 's too successful , but if you have a lot of the other cards in the deck it could be worth giving it a go for fun and finding out . 
  i do n't think gahz ` rilla gets much play either, 
  and i think you mean [ [ dreadscale ] ] for the hunter one . 
  honestly , it 's just a case of thinking what type of deck you wan na make , aggro/control/tempo / burst etc , and what class you like playing . 
  if you decided to disenchant all those legendaries you 'd have enough dust to make a pretty good deck, 
  i heard this , but decided to make my handlock anyway . 
  to be honest i 've been faring better against sec pala and facehunter than i did with wallet warrior . 
  fireball then azure drake . 
  i see it far too much, 
  can be effective still though , if he ca n't follow up with a taunt , or you have a swipe . 
  i sometimes play grommash  taskmaster even if i do n't have lethal if i 'm struggling for plays to make my opponent deal with it, 
  i 'm the same with handlock . 
  play mountain giant and sunfury protector before realising , shit i could have tapped first and made the giant cost less, 
  driving home from work saturday night i seen about four people with their full beams on . 
  absolutely no need , there was a slight bit of fog , but visibility was fine . 
  daft cunts did n't realise why i was flashing them, 
  i live near loads of country lanes too . 
  people put their full beams on , then completely forget about them . 
  i 'd just brake lightly , flash them or bib, 
  that popcorn looks so fake, 
  wonder if op ever watched gervinho play for roma ... 
  top corner on either side and they 'll score 99 % of the time , regardless of being a leftie or rightie, 
  ca n't wait for paul ince to play the racism card . 
  i 've always liked ac milan . 
  they payed tribute to hillsborough , and their fans do n't seem as stabby and nazi as napoli and lazio fans, 
  if you do n't like harsh ` banter ' , you would n't like the ` joleon lescott , the elephant man ' chants from a few years ago, 
  pardew is far from a classy manager . 
  he 's always been a bellend, 
  i never used to mind them , but the fact they 're getting a huge stadium for free is kinda annoying, 
  i was okay with the thread until i got to everton . 
  i 'd rather city or arsenal win the league than the chavs , or united , so i understand those answers . 
  but everton ? 
  whenever we were practicing free kicks in the park , we would all shout ` riiiiiise ! ', 
  as we hit them . 
  loved that ginger, 
  remember even when he was old be came in as a late replacement in the 4-1 against united and picked a ball out of the sky ? 
  wonder if we 'll be looking into loaning you a few players if this goes through . 
  be good to have a team playing how we want to play we could loan players to, 
  pm me . 
   the lilywhites, 
  i 've honestly never heard this said, 
  if chelsea get relegated i 'll put my balls in a blender . 
  i like this one . 
  he was good in his first year here . 
  then injuries hit , his performances dropped and we signed players better than him . 
  he 's happy to sit on his big contract and never play . 
  exactly the problem to be fair, 
  6.7 on a movie on imdb is a pretty good score . 
  reviews are of course opinions , but it 's not the score you wan na read it 's their words . 
  could be a great game with a fatal flaw which drops the score from ~ 9 to a 7 , but you wo n't know that unless you read their comments, 
  there must have been a clause he ca n't join another seria a team for a certain amount of time or something , so sampdoria may be trying to negotiate a settlement . 
  could be wrong though , i 'm just typing whilst i 'm having a shit . 
   ( if you get a 1/1 two drop ),
