  every time it would hit his midrift . 
  i 'd be annoyed too if i went to ** burger ** king and there was no burgers . 
  he 's looking sharper and sharper . 
  right now i 'd start him for the derby . 
  i live in england and they barely show cartoons on saturday morning here , either . 
  it 's a real shame . 
  i remember saturday and sunday mornings having loads on . 
  brit here , i used to only pack weed in them . 
  it was the only way i could find which would get me off my cake where i thought my head was made of custard . 
  actually a lot of them were dbz/pokemon/digimon . 
  i remember watching this match , it was really surreal . 
  we need more bite for this derby . 
  much as i love the man , i think a rodgers team will suit no gerrard . 
  right now he 's having to change how he plays to get gerrard in . 
  go on mario !, 
  lallana 's started brightly . 
  barry is fucking lucky . 
  barry 's lucky again . 
  and that 's why we 're shaky in goal . 
  shoot , markovic . 
  shoot !, 
  he might be , but his movement is dragging him down so far . 
  he 's not played well , he 's still caused a problem or two . 
  the everton one was down to the linesman , the ref could n't see it . 
  the liverpool one was all on the ref . 
  he could see it perfect . 
  fuck yes stevie, 
  good football lads !, 
  out ball up against moreno . 
  moreno 's not too tall or particularly strong . 
  lallana 's going to be popular if he keeps up like today, 
  love him already . 
  colin pascoe really seems to me like he loses his cool a lot . 
  he just has that look . 
  because everything 's so quick , especially when you have four or five people between you and the goal . 
  half the time you do n't get the time you want to hit it . 
  foul throws . 
  never will i understand how players do that . 
  well you ca n't stop them . 
  but we really did n't do enough in attack . 
  huh , i never thought this was a seldom brit thing . 
  `` nice one . '', 
  is also acceptable . 
  i was watching the alan partridge movie . 
  one point he says arse , the subtitles read it as ass . 
  when i was on it , living with my parents , my dole money would be gone in a matter of days . 
  # 110 or whatever it is a fortnight is not enough to live on , even with your parents . 
  yeah i paid keep . 
  then once bills and stuff comes out , it 's gone . 
  fuck i did n't know it was on . 
  do n't think i 've seen a movie as many times as sotd . 
  every time it 's on , it 's a must watch . 
  is that just knock and run ? 
  man , my music teachers were absolute tools . 
  english and science teachers were always so much more pleasant . 
  and re teachers too . 
  some of my teachers were like that . 
  might have been because were i live it does n't snow too often , so they were out there packing them like everyone else . 
  lucas has had a few choice ones . 
  yeah , he 's so lovable . 
  wonder when people saying this will die out ... 
  they definitely would be , but the possession stats would be amazing . 
  i loved little nicky years ago . 
  but i thought he 's no longer a player ? 
  if it 's coming at you like that , the best thing would be to lower your body a bit , and smother it, 
  needs more defenders running into each other . 
  i hate when people asked for my age . 
  if i told them , all i 'd get was ` i 'm 20 years your senior ' , ` you do n't understand how it is ', 
  * says something against the grain *, 
  i 'm 19 , but my regional accent makes me sound really young on some phrases , and like a 30 y.o other places . 
  i 'd happily take a year or two break from got so the book can keep ahead of the show , and get a robert 's rebellion , or another similar one . 
  heck , even the iron islands revolt would be cool . 
  god i hated thhgtg movie . 
  great cast , it just did n't make me laugh and i was just so bored . 
  loved the book though . 
  love all those eps mentioned . 
  the beer baron one , the treehouse of horror where they do the shinning , are two of my favourites that were n't mentioned . 
  i was the same . 
  the centre i worked in had a load of stupid people , and a very large turnover of people . 
  in the 8 months i was there , on my shift i was the third most senior member , and possibly the most knowledgeable about the work, 
  same !, 
  it 's the only way some people understand what you mean . 
  `` if you put a downpayment on a car , then decide you no longer want it , you do n't need to pay it , but the down payment is nonrefundable , same for our service we provide you in finding , and organizing your offers , you do n't need to accept one , that 's up to you . '', 
  what a champion . 
  hated when i worked in my old call centre , i felt really controlled because of the call recordings , and surveying . 
  felt like i could n't laugh , or make jokes or anything . 
  of course he wants that , that 's the only way he may ever get a job again . 
  how ? 
  just ... how ? 
  how long is his contract ? 
  that 's heartbreaking . 
  you stay away !, 
  that article saying madrid were sniffing about him put the willies up me . 
  to be fair , that 's a feet of engineering . 
  reus is odd , in that i do n't think anyone dislikes him ? 
  he 's almost universally adored . 
  disappears from the game far too much . 
  do n't think that trait will ever go . 
  pretty sure borini 's had more game time than lambert , even if he was n't on the bench last match and lambert was . 
  i 'm still convinced sakho was n't a rodgers buy .
