  you guys have scored 3 goals this year - 2 stunners and one which should have been offside . 
  what 's this got to do with balotelli ? 
  rodgers is wank , and will be gone by christmas , but if you 're trying to tell me balotelli works hard , you 've clearly never watched him play . 
  he played absolutely wank constantly, 
  to be honest though , we 've not seen anything to prove he 's that talented . 
  does well in the reserves , but that means little to nothing . 
  yeah . 
  got hendo and suarez though at least . 
  yeah , i like juve . 
  it 's napoli i do n't like . 
  their fans were absolute cunts when we played them the other year . 
  bunch of them pushed some kids off their bikes outside a chippy . 
  it 's illegal for a pub to deny someone water for free in the uk . 
  common in train stations here in the uk . 
  like liptons ice tea ? 
  if so , no it 's nothing like that . 
  yeah , it 's difficult to explain . 
  slight taste of iron but nice, 
  went without for a month or two . 
  was weird . 
  felt easily aggressive . 
  would not recommend . 
  yeah i 've heard some bad stories about it . 
  my nan was utterly shocked when she found out there was black kids in my school . 
  ( born in liverpool/1920-something ) . 
  seems very accepting nowadays though . 
  both , preferably . 
  they should both be dropped . 
  the problem is , who for ? 
  kolo and sakho ? 
  maybe gomez and play moreno ? 
  whatever combination it still does n't feel like it 'll be a good defense . 
  he was n't bad for us . 
  solid was the right word . 
  starts to get a bit of a nose bleed once he starts to attack . 
  are you sure it 's literally his first mistake ? 
  literally literally ? 
  you 're *, 
  kruse a big loss ? 
  liverpool fan in peace . 
  that was his problem with us . 
  needs more muscle to get more on his shots , but if he does , he 'll lose some of his lightning speed . 
  yeah he was n't . 
  quite young when he joined , scored on his debut against an israeli side iirc, 
  adam morgan went the same college as my mates . 
  they said he was a massive wanker . 
  his youth contract of probably pennies went to his head apparently, 
  also remember some winger who went on loan to scotland in about 2006/7 and smashed it but i ca n't remember his name, 
  this is true for plenty though to be fair , like yannick bolasie, 
  yeah that sounds like rafa, 
  have you ever watched him play or just on fifa ? 
  because i 've only ever seen him play on fifa, 
  he played well before joining swansea, 
  oh okay , fair enough mate . 
  i love the us office . 
  season 8 was wank , part of season 9 too , but i think the other seven seasons are really good . 
  suarez did n't even appeal for it , not sure why chesney was so angry, 
  he was fouled , and he did n't even appeal . 
  not sure why you 're so angry ... 
  heck of a transitional period ey . 
  do n't listen to him mate . 
  it can be good fun . 
  pleasure beach , some decent shops , and go madame toussads too, 
  how long does that fly ? 
  be saying that in 10 years ? 
  panic stations five games into the season . 
  got ta love it . 
  now they just need us to play football . 
  so happy tamal won the star baker . 
  i hope he wins it . 
  i 've also come around to paul since the first two weeks . 
  he 's not so much of a miserable shit anymore, 
  i always slow down a bit if it looks like someone 'll be crossing , my driving instructor scared me by saying ` if someone steps out and you hit them you 're completely at fault and you 'll lose your license and the world will implode ' etc. 
  he was born in elderslie . 
  `` the village is situated midway between the nearby towns of paisley and johnstone . '', 
  may have been neither . 
  radiohead hate creep too , and refuse to play it iirc, 
  it hurts me that parklife is n't their biggest hit . 
  absolute self obsessed drivel . 
  little space . 
  lack of confidence because gomez is ahead of him . 
  possibly told not to attack too much . 
  same as last year . 
  we have , because he 's just not played too well this year so far . 
  great goal . 
  still needs to improve . 
  shame , too , i was really excited we got him last year . 
  he fits in control warrior , but it 's a very expensive deck with lots of legendaries . 
  though , he works in most warrior decks to be honest . 
  he works well with [ [ cruel taskmaster ] ] and [ [ death 's bite ] ], 
  same here , but i ca n't think of many alternatives to be honest . 
  good luck . 
  he 's an excellent late game card . 
  death 's bite your opponent on its last durabilty with him out , 14 damage right there . 
  milner needs to step up a bit too to be fair, 
  that is shocking . 
  surprised refs still fall for costa 's shit . 
  nope , it would be fine . 
  something tells me it was mainly due to the actions of a certain striker . 
  ah the old reddit switch a doo,
