  he 's very inconsistent though , and too often makes rash tackles , but there 's no doubt he 's committed to the cause . 
  ( see ; him telling off fergie after gettng sent off ), 
  [ adwd/future books ] ( #g `` wyman manderly 's got some frey bastards to fuck up . 
  [ adwd ] ( #g `` why do you think the real reason that he 's sent davos to skagos?he 's getting his fellow cannibals out '' ), 
  good club for him . 
  everyone knows what he does best ; score . 
  he 's not going to run about , but damn he 's one of the most natural finishers in england . 
  there are different scenario 's for different time zones . 
  one for robert 's rebellion , acok , greyjoy rebellion , affc etc. 
  ** pointless . 
  ** pointless is still on at 5:15 , plus it 's better than the chase anyway, 
  he has a wiki page iirc . 
  still banned from liverpool i think though, 
  [ adwd ] ( #g '' he tells davos that he will swear his allegiance to stannis if davos retrieves rickon stark from skagos . 
  manderly has discovered the boy is alive thanks to the testimony of wex pyke , but needs a smuggler to retrieve him . 
  for my hand i 'd probably have davos , for his honest , moral guidance . 
  master of coin is a difficult one , do n't really know many contenders other than littlefinger and he 's not someone i 'd trust , or done that great of a job anyway . 
  master of whisperers would be varys . 
  master of laws would be kevan lannister, 
  master of ships would be victarion greyjoy, 
  kg lord commander would be blackfish ( close call between him and barristan ) . 
  my maester would be luwin , closely followed by aemon, 
  i was going to crop out the comments but that one was so funny i had to leave them in, 
  should have posted mine a week ago !, 
  think of the karma !, 
  reminds me of 2007-ish whenever alonso got the ball in our half , in light of the half way goal , everyone shouted ` shoooooooot ' constantly, 
  first thing i thought too . 
  that whole film was just a smorgasbord of woeful accents, 
  you could always give the silmarillion a read , he makes appearances in that . 
  it 's a book i know , but if you like gandalf it could be worth a go . 
  galadriel and elrond are in it too iirc . 
  i 'm onto a dance with dragons now , few hundred pages from the end , i 'll have it done by wednesday probably . 
  i have the first from the dark tower series , and joyland too . 
  but i 'm not sure if i want to move straight onto them , what i want is a book that 'll scare the pants off me . 
  house of leaves was great , that was recommended by / r/books before but i did n't find it too scary , just a bit creepy . 
  nearly finished it ( got it week and half ago ) it 's badass . 
  yeah that was my thinking too , that 's why i got joyland . 
  it 's great to finish a series but it 's nice to have a few one offs . 
  i 'll order sphere now , cheers !, 
  pokemon and digimon move were both pretty great . 
  1 ; arsenal 's team is better than ours , though not too much better , hopefully . 
  2 ; technically yes , but still a pointless one . 
  he wo n't get a pay raise , if he does it 'll be minimal . 
  he 'll go from us , to a team with pretty poor chances of winning things . 
  3 ; different players . 
  coutinho is amazingly talented , wilshere is too , but they 're incomparable . 
  carzola to coutinho would be a more worthwhile comparison . 
  4 ; very low , but if we keep suarez , and buy diego costa , we 'll probably push very close, 
  i finished it in 51 days , it really did hurt my confidence taking so many days, 
  i really enjoyed bc2 a lot more than battlefield 3 , shame i sold it . 
  i 'd re-buy it if the servers are relatively active still . 
  how long does matchmaking take ? 
  agent drumming up interest , is all, 
  wow you 're really looking back deep to find comments , huh ? 
  i was spot on with that i thought i 'd do !, 
  wine , tv shows and game of thrones . 
  now moved outside in days, 
  did n't much like [ rec ] or sinister . 
  he said in april he was going to stay , champions league or no . 
  you have to wonder if footballers think about the words they say or not, 
  do you know this was actually drunk driving though ? 
  just in april , he said cl or no cl , he 'd be staying at liverpool , it 's understandable the manager does n't want to sell him after he said that, 
  my favourite house is probably tully , but that would n't be the best idea to be a lord of . 
  tyrell would possibly be the easiest , and dorne would n't be bad , as no one can reach you other than the tyrell 's . 
  all depends on the time zone , s ` pose , but i 'd still probably choose stark as long as [ s3 ] ( #g `` it 's before it goes tits up for them and they all die '' ), 
  i prefer to call it ` the bit were she pisses everyone off , and then starts to go ` targaryen insane ' whilst everyone 's trying to fuck her . ', 
  i 'd just hate to have so many enemies all around myself , king 's landing below , lannisters to the side etc , and the frey 's above you who can basically stop anyone coming/going through the neck . 
  i 'd love to see the greywater watch though ! ', 
  i hope they give dolorous edd some humour next season , it 's really been lacking so far in the show, 
  penny and her brother at [ asos part 2 ] ( #b `` purple wedding '' ), 
  i do n't really read books meant to be ` funny ' , so i 'd have to say the only contender for me is the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy . 
  same, 
  iirc she did n't trust him , she generally has a damn good judge of character and it 's paid off well so far . 
  she never really told anyone who she was unless she trusted them , like with gendry . 
  anglophiles everywhere, 
  to be fair , it 's not much to do with your club 's incompetence , but just the selling club not wanting to sell . 
  offering 40 million is a big step for arsene, 
  greywater watch, 
  hope they make the battle of the wall as epic as it was in the book , that was easily my favourite battle of the books . 
  first the bit with ygritte and them attacking , then from beyond the wall , it was just so badass, 
  davos going to skagos , and what happens with bran , are the two i 'm most excited for . 
  the threads themselves are just people wanting someone to call them pretty , i get teens are often devoid of confidence , but holy shit , we do n't need a new thread about it every day . 
  reminds me of those people in high school who 'll post a new facebook picture every day with duck face and bad ms paint graphics on it, 
  worth it !, 
  well fuck me , i 'd never realised that !, 
  does n't happen in the books , but in the show , at least , he gets his kicks out of those two whores whipping each other or something, 
  video games are a hobby . 
  like any hobby in forms of media , they can be good , bad , or middlesome . 
  there 's a difference between watching say harold and kumar , and american history x , just like there 's differences in video games . 
  a hobby is just something to pass the time , if it 's a waste of time , then so too much be movies , and music et al. 
  henderson should never play wide , he shown that under kenny . 
  replace him with aspas , and sterling on the other and you might have it spot-on . 
  downing 's off , and i doubt we 'll have replaced him by next weekend, 
  no physicality or finishing touch . 
  so , same old story . 
  ca n't handle big strikers , like that balde fella . 
  my asda had one wii u game , and it was a pre-owned copy of sega racing, 
  we need a no holds bars defender , one who 'll twat big strikers . 
  our current defenders are too nice, 
  good write up !,
