  one 's a society that 's completely fucked up , and other is a fascist militaristic society . 
  oh and i am legend . 
  fuck that . 
  feel like watching a happy film for once !, 
  any recommendations ? 
  just watched it for the first time , thought it was * outstanding * . 
  eastwood is just out of this world in it , t ` was directed beautifully . 
  but something i thought was odd , in the confessions walt confesses to not spending much time with his sons , and never being there for them . 
  in the last scene with his will reading , thought it was a bit of a kick in the teeth you seen no effort for him to make up for lost time , by giving his son the house or something . 
  yeah , just found that quite odd . 
  feel sorry for the poor guy . 
  my dog attacked him , clawed at it and barked before i could pull her off . 
  then i took her inside and locked her in , checked back a bit later and there 's no sign of it, 
  since that version gets early access , whilst most versions on sale over here do n't seem to . 
  i bought civ 5 from the us amazon no problem , but i was curious if the code is region locked to specific servers or something . 
  cheers for the help . 
  literally, 
  now i 'm bummed . 
  that incessant twat edmonds somehow still gets his mug on the tv everyday by letting random people open random boxes whilst talking about the ` tactics of the game . ', 
  do n't watch it , please do n't . 
  it 's attrocious , it 's basically another generic murderer urban legend film , except with the gimmicky bullshit of it being set around 4chan and with internet culture , and ` for the lulz ' etc. 
  do n't watch it . 
  * please *, 
  personally my favourites are the man with the golden gun , or goldfinger , it 's one of those two and for the life of me i ca n't separate them . 
  as for the villain , i always thought scaramanga was such a badass . 
  still seems mad when i seen him in lotr and did n't put 2 +2 together . 
  this can not do, 
  sold it a while back , but i hear it 's much improved now , so i wonder if i 'll like it , since it 's only # 15 for the goty, 
  much love, 
  at which age does it become unacceptable to show nude children on tv ? 
  i dunno , i 've been going for about two weeks , even though my flair says one . 
  i know i 'm only early into it , but i ca n't say i 've noticed any real urges to do it , other than last night when i was not sober . 
  but even then i got through it easily . 
  this happen to anyone else ? 
  is this a good thing or what ? 
  i 'll start , `` insane '', 
  such awful content no one wants to see . 
  new adam here , well new to this place , not new to being an adam . 
  but yes , 17 y.o english adam here . 
  nice to meet you all, 
  it really breaks my crayons . 
  it makes me cringe horribly . 
  i do n't get it ? 
  what 's so amazing about china 's traditions , that i must be told about it inbetween the football ? 
  could not have picked worse timing . 
  he 's not , he 's a dickhead . 
  stop putting him in your adverts.though i do realise they 've probably came from across the pond, 
  hopefully this is the right place to put this . 
  essentially , i 'm very aware of me dreaming recently , and in my dreams i want to wake up . 
  i will try to wake myself up , i 'll roll or pinch myself to do so , but it does n't work . 
  i know a lot of people woulve like to be able to do this and that . 
  but my problem lies with the fact i ca n't control what i 'm doing in the dream , and this means it leads to pretty fucked up shit which just terrifies me . 
  one dream my mum tried to murder me , i ran away and a bloke was chasing me who then began wearing a dress and i puked and woke up . 
  so my question is how can i stop this ? 
  i just want to go back to ` normal ' dreaming due to my inability to control myself in my dreams and the fact basically all of my dreams are nightmares . 
  it 'll be called ` aunt pain ' and it 's about aunt may from spider-man just going about her normal day-to-day business, 
  ( not me ), 
  just in general , how would you try to describe the taste of it ? 
  it 's like , sort of coca cola but sort of something else . 
  editedit we did it reddit, 
  stop bloody taking up the entire isle with your trolly full of vodka , nappies , and that new horrible cadburies chocolate . 
  i made a delicious new block for my prisoners , and normally the guards move them in , but a few i made , they 're just not putting prisoners in there ? 
  what do ? 
  now i 'm slightly behind everyone else and ca n't use social media . 
  i never understood how , in season 3 , the prisoners survived all that time ? 
  10 months , apparently . 
  five guys . 
  in a small , enclosed place , with nothing but food and and a room they shat in , without going insane ? 
  i 'll keep it short , and try not to speak of anything too in depth , but it is a terrific film , lll recommend it to everyone . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's not the most star trekky film like the one before it , too actions for a traditional st film . 
  it 's got some great drawbacks , and quotes from the classic shows and films which will please all hardcore trekkies , but you do n't need much st knowledge going into it . 
  there are so many twists and turns in it , the story is constantly changing , but not in the bad way . 
  benedict cumberbatch played his role surprisingly brilliantly !, 
  i never really thought of him as that guy off sherlock watching it , he made the role his own, 
  to sum up , i really , really enjoyed it . 
  if you liked the 2009 film , you 'll love the shit out of this . 
  i got goosebumps near the end , so glad i decided to go to the midnight launch . 
  just curious , it seems it autosets it to use the scope , and i ca n't find a way to take it off ? 
  just curious , i 'm looking into buying one , but i ca n't find it cheaper than # 265ish , which is at amazon , looked at play , shopto etc but now i 'm out of ideas ? 
  cheers guys . 
  looking into getting a mm tatt , and i know loads of posts on here go on about tatt 's so sorry to talk about it , but any idea on any ideas on how to make a picture or something from the `` someday you will die , and, 
  somehow something 's going to steal your carbon '' line ? 
  sort of like that heart cooks brain tatt posted further down on r/modestmouse, 
  cheers guys, 
  yo , i enjoyed civ 5 and a few other similar games , i seen a post in / r/gameofthrones about the got mod on ckii and i really liked the look of it . 
  how accessible is it , and what 's the learning curve like ? 
  cheers, 
  super sweet sixteen is hilarious . 
  they 're all so spoilt and it 's so ridiculously fake and self centred . 
  it 's really breaking my crayons , no bloody point putting it on, 
  the point of it when if i was in the colonies i could watch it for free at the same time !, 
  after finishing bran 's last chapter in adwd i had a thought that bran *** is *** coldhands , and i never seen the thought posted here before , so thought i 'd share it . 
  leaf tells bran that time for humans is ` like a river ' or something and that it passes linearly like that , whereas for greenseers and weirwood 's time is something which is n't quite so linear . 
  bran , then , looks through at his dad in the past , and brynden said bran 's powers are great and he could fly etc etc. 
  if time is not as linear as bran had priorly thought , could bran , in the future , have warged into coldhands to help sam and gilly , then bran and the reed 's . 
  coldhands , would then be just an other or wight which bran takes the form of , to help those in need . 
  could bran be so powerful that he can not just look through weirwood 's , but actually take the form of people in the past . 
  i dunno , this was just the first thing i thought of after reading bran 's chapters . 
  feel free to tear it apart and prove it wrong !, 
  got it before on the virtual console .
