  dazed and confused , scott pilgrim , and motherfucking mean girls, 
  i resent that , and so do / r/adam, 
  you 're 14 . give it time . 
  this is the biggest british problem in some time . 
  it 's a pandemic . 
  it 's bad enough that the trains are godawful , overpriced , late pieces of shite . 
  turn around now , there is no good to be found in these comments . 
  i 'll bring my delicious self . 
  sure thing , sugar, 
  names , age , star signs ? 
  you need to start gathering this information for all your acquittances, 
  i do n't . 
  i fucking love parties . 
  i fucking love drinking , and i fucking love socialising whilst drunk . 
  it 's the only time i can properly talk to people and not feel uncomfortable , and make friends . 
  the reason a lot here do n't like it , is that the typical redditor is a socially awkward nerdy type , who think they 're intellectually superior and resent the partying image . 
  i agree with dante_valentine , but also it may be different where i live , where there 's less emphasis on driving , because you ca n't do it until 18 ( possibly 17 ) , and you can drink at 18 . 
  all the parties i 've been to , hardly anyone has been driving , and the few who were did n't drive home , they go a taxi or walked etc. 
  these non-metric using people ... 
  there will be plenty who like it , op just needs to actually talk to people and see what they 're into . 
  '' ... looks like we 're taking the stairs '' . 
  followed by minutes of intense walking down stairs-ing, 
  oh hidy ho officer , we 've had a doozy of a day . 
  there we were minding our own business , just doing chores around the house , when kids started killing themselves all over my property . 
  punch a horse, 
  so fucking awesome . 
  that 's quite the image . 
  where 's u/shittywatercolour when you need him ? 
  r/britishproblems thread ... 
  it 's how i grown up , and what makes sense to me . 
  if i was religious , i 'd be one of the more spiritualistic ones with less emphasis on gods and deities , so probably buddhist . 
  well , i feel old now i 'm considered an ` older teen ' . 
  `` i , oneinchwalrus , was the one who let the dogs out . '', 
  with 880 points on 835 points . 
  and in second place , very recent comment i made `` yoyo 's . 
  so fucking awesome . '', 
  `` i 've never wanted a human 's blood so much before '' oh gosh the look on her face , haha . 
  boo , you smart bastards !, 
  just in general ? 
  suppose that 's what you meant , since reservoir dogs came out over 15 years ago . 
  tucker and dale vs evil was the best i 've seen in the last 8 days . 
  you were expecting them to put a picture of someone bored out of his brain ? 
  because that 'll get buyers ... 
  near liverpool , england . 
  you are so edgy and cool for disliking them . 
  like wow . 
  i agree with you . 
  all that money on road signs and no one can read welsh, 
  n'aww , i wish i lived near toys ` r ' us . 
  that was a magical place, 
  if you open your mouth and shake an imaginary salt shaker into it , you can taste the salt at the back of your tongue . 
  as a straight male , joseph gordon-levitt, 
  freaks and geeks, 
  it 's a pretty british-based one , but i always want to try the david attenborough drinking game . 
  i remember reading this in just about every thread about films with good/twist endings , so i watched it . 
  boy , was i disappointed . 
  it was just a bit unfortunate , not really a great twist , or anything special . 
  i just remember thinking `` haha , gutted '' . 
  i got my finger stuck in railings once , had a moments panic , then pulled it out . 
  but boy , what a 3 seconds . 
  by todays standards they 're not as good , but their place in pop culture is massive and unmatched . 
  what he said . 
  though , i think the average age would be about 16, 
  maybe it 's underrated where you live , but here in england , it 's not . 
  it 's a very popular , well-thought of film . 
  same for pique, 
  / r/atheism with / r/christianity , / r/islam , / r/judaism , / r/buddhism etc etc. 
  and / r/shitredditsays with just about every subreddit, 
  i 'm an atheist too , i do n't really mind any of them . 
  but / r/atheism is not the best representation of atheism ... 
  when did it become cool to wear jeans with the bottoms turned up over your ankles ? 
  nah it 's not as bad , where i live anyway . 
  i 've seen some worse stuff , sure , but it 's few and far between . 
  i particularly remember a bloody fist fight between a year 10 and 11 that ended up in hospitalization, 
  in the aeroplane over the sea - neutral milk hotel, 
  i 'm from cheshire , i 'd consider myself a northener for sure , not an ` ard northener . 
  i 'm not a miner , nor is my dad , he worked on railways for ages . 
  pretty northern job really . 
  british accents vary more per mile than every other country , by saying an english accent , you 're not really narrowing it down . 
  i have a northern english accent , from the north west , so bits of influence from scouse i believe . 
  david beckham 's accent . 
  great work !, 
  though , you 've missed out in the aeroplane over the sea , which was my suggestion . 
  top notch work though, 
  m83 's ` hurry up , we 're dreaming 's outro if anyone was wondering . 
  ` happiness ' with phillip seymour hoffman was very peculiar . 
  you know what 's bad ? 
  the uk 's health secretary , ** jeremy hunt , believes in homoeopathy . 
  but why should this necessarily be private ? 
  what 's so awful about posting about smoking on facebook ? 
  you lot really are too judgemental over someone 's life choices . 
  let them smoke for god 's sake , if you do n't want to see it on facebook , remove them . 
  it 's not hard . 
  or an early episode of qi, 
  we were once the best in the world at a sport which hardly anyone plays ( rugby league ), 
  i normally turn on the shower , get the towel ready ( check for spiders and shit in it ) , poop if needed , brush teeth then the shower 's all toasty warm, 
  pretty certain that lukey19 's correct . 
  good episode too, 
  baths are more of a waste . 
  well i got paranoid once , and started checking .
