  he 's also one who makes controversy, 
  mentions to ; costa , mertesacker , toure , cech , robben et al. 
  i often get them for free too . 
  admittedly it 's because i take them in a drunken fever , but still . 
  it 's so annoying . 
  they bigged it up , and talked about it . 
  it 's one of the default options on the menu screen , yet they keep pushing it back and back on when they 're going to release . 
  sure is pissing me off . 
  a year and a few months since america got it , and we 're still waiting . 
  he 's played poorly every time i 've seen him this season . 
  hooked me from the start . 
  shame it got so shite . 
  the pilot was fantastic . 
  the winds of winter . 
  did n't zeman love his 2-0-8 's at roma ? 
  mignolet 's been a bit poor recently , i 'd have agreed two months ago . 
  good shout with leno . 
  he 's gon na be a star . 
  my heart sank when that ball went in at the end . 
  fucking despise mirallas the horrible cunt, 
  thank you west brom . 
  my heart did n't half sink when that went in at the end though, 
  keep your $ 10 , i 'm not american . 
  maybe because everyone 's already seen raging bull , because as you say , it 's one of the most famous of all time, 
  wrong again . 
  pounds . 
  yeah mate , in the eu but have our own currency . 
  thank fuck for that too , considering what 's happening to the euro, 
  children of men is the only one i can think of . 
  england also declared war on finland during ww2 but never fought iirc, 
  itv 's is worse . 
  coates will , kelly will stay . 
  recently got a new contract , and the lad 's english and talented, 
  i like kruse , but i agree . 
  it 'd mean hernandez was off i 'd assume . 
  they 're not a huge club , they 've had a great few years recently and if anything they might just be going back down to their normal place . 
  that 's the paul ince effect . 
  best thing that could have happened to them . 
  god knows why they hired him , he had one good managerial spell about 8 years ago, 
  god this is probably true . 
  paul , it 's not because you 're black , it 's because your team has lost 9 out of 10 , and you 're an awful manager . 
  could n't even get his son to play well for god 's sake, 
   finnish behind, 
  was that on purpose ? 
  the name of the apartment complex was spelt wrong on it . 
  do n't imagine they 'll both start , traore will probably be on the bench . 
  that actually sounds really fun, 
  `` return of the golden child '' was my favourite . 
  caught that episode on c4 when it aired and immediately thought ` what have i been missing out on ? '', 
  `` fatherrr !, 
  ... right , i 'm off ! '', 
  the oath and blood on the scales from battlestar galactica were outstanding . 
  striker i 'd assume . 
  with bale and ronaldo either side . 
  suppose he could play inbehind a striker ( benzema ), 
  i think downing and aquilaini depended on clauses and all that shit , so i wonder if we did actually end up giving them 20 + million in the end, 
  jacob 's ladder and event horizon have their moments, 
  six points ahead , it 's our to lose regardless of transfer business, 
  and he loves going dogging, 
  it 's all about blackfish, 
  always been curious what it is with him and liverpool . 
  `` liverpool are a team that interests everyone and chelsea does not interest me so much because it is a new project with lots of money invested in it . 
  i think it is a project which , if the club fail to win everything , then [ roman ] abramovich could retire and take the money out of the club . 
  it 's an uncertain project . 
  it is interesting for a coach to have the money to hire quality players but you never know if a project like this will bring success . '', 
  pre joining chelsea , then ... 
  `` he said : `` manchester united would be a great challenge for me . 
  but liverpool is not the club for me . 
  i know why , but i can not tell you . '', 
  guys chill out , di marzio bullshits all the time . 
  almost certainly nothing in it, 
  thank god . 
  weird to say , but right now flanno is our best full back, 
  worst penalty shoot out i 've ever seen, 
  metro is a terrible , terrible source . 
  sirs david attenborough , patrick stewart or ian mckellen . 
  christopher lee , stephen fry , off the top of my head . 
  battlestar galactica technically ended five years ago , so if that counts , that . 
  netflix is available in some places , like here in england . 
  sweden too i believe and france, 
  i did n't mean the person in the photo . 
   ** most ** of those, 
  colonialism, 
  apparently only submitted our first actual bid when the owners came over for the villa match . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  we wo n't make top four like this . 
  we really need reinforcements . 
  battlestar galactica , game of thrones and six feet under . 
  12 million is n't a lot though to be honest . 
  it 's clear we 've been interested in him for ages , yet it 's took us until the 20th or so to make an actual bid . 
  it 's clear brendan really wanted him , and now he 's not going to get him . 
  i agree we need other positions strengthened more , but we obviously prioritised him over the others . 
  let 's just hope we sign alberto moreno , and a damn good midfielder now . 
  posted to the wrong subreddit mate ? 
  not when your source is the metro, 
  well now i 'm curious , but scared . 
  i need liquid courage . 
  what they could do , is offer them to the gods , but then get somebody else to do the deed . 
   perfected there, 
  do n't believe you .
