  edit - the heat 's fizzled my brain ... 
  i meant he 's the last guy left since i properly took interest ( 2001 or so ), 
  very odd . 
  loads of irish folks seem to support us, 
  the heat 's fizzled my brain ... 
  i meant he 's the last guy left since i properly took interest ( 2001 or so ), 
  it 's amazing the amount of people who do n't know premium numbers . 
  before i worked in a call centre i did n't know either . 
  just like the amount of people who actually pick up calls from private numbers . 
  i have a weird phobia too . 
  mine 's owls , though . 
  so much for this keep ball from japan , they keep giving it away . 
  `` what you cooking in that pan ? '', 
  `` piss '', 
  you need to build around him for it to work i think . 
  he wo n't work hard , and he wo n't jump to head it unless he 's in the box . 
  his 40 yard shots will make you so frustrated . 
   would n't snide joe allen off just yet , had some decent performances towards the end-mid end of last season . 
  about bloody time then , he 's been here three seasons . 
  he just does n't do enough for me . 
  aye , he does . 
  he 's one of them , though . 
  ca n't attack , ca n't tackle , is n't strong , but he presses really , really well . 
  for how rodgers wants a team to play , he 'd be perfect if he had more in his game . 
  i just find it really funny for some reason that / r/teenagers has gone private too . 
  / r/teenagers of all places, 
  `` but daaaaaaaaaad , i do n't want to go private ! '', 
  happy birthday to me ... not a teenager anymore . 
  i 'm a man . 
  they 're so quick on it , but i always lose with them . 
  ca n't score for shit . 
  cheers mate , hungover as fuck already , might as well , couldnt feel any worse, 
   looks uncomfortable in possession . 
  if that 's enough for us to sell someone , skrtel , mignolet et al would all be off . 
  [ bonus video link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwwm8ndh9ls ), 
  i like playing as them . 
  long and pelle upfront , wanyama being a tank, 
  try psv some time mate . 
  used to love using them . 
  booze and chocolate . 
  pretty much . 
  at southampton that was his only really good season . 
  team around him helped him , had huge confidence . 
  with us , completely different, 
  yeah , if i 'm in a pub getting a ` normal ' lager , it 's gon na be carling . 
  he might be thinking of stella cidre, 
   at least england lost . 
  woah there son . 
  sure they 'd rather root for us . 
  commonwealth friends, 
  might sound a bit out of nowhere , but i have high hopes for rossiter , too, 
  well we could have had a lot more last year if he decided to go then, 
  he was good at roma , was n't he ? 
  with us , he 's a good runner , but just has n't shown enough technically , or goalscoring wise, 
  apart from the terrible goalkeeping . 
  at her height she should n't be that far out of net . 
  there was no world cup in 2008 . 
  it was ' 06 . 
  garry monk . 
  the 30th best premier league manager . . 
  the prem needs a strong leeds . 
  that 'd be fun . 
  it 's not that it has n't improved , i 'm sure it has , the main problem is it 's on a different continent , and football culture is completely different from here in europe , so we ca n't relate to it . 
  no doubt the mls ' quality will be similar to that of a league 1/possibly championship , english side . 
  think you 're in the minority there mate . 
  cheap to make , cause enough controversy to get attention , which draws new viewers , but not enough to make it some huge benefit ` gate ', 
  you 've not really given a reason as to why ? 
  most people who remain sober until they 're legal ca n't handle their alcohol and get way too drink really quickly because they do n't know their limits once they turn of age . 
  alcohol/drugs/anything like that you could call ` dumb ' , but people do n't do it to be smart . 
  they do it to socialize , they do it to relax . 
  drinking intermittently at 15 or so , and onwards means you know your limits , and do n't go completely in the deep end once you 're legal . 
  he probably means because they 're too immature , but you could make the same argument no one should date until they 're 16-18-so on . 
  we ca n't have nice threads because it 's a subreddit for teenagers . 
  some threads can be decent . 
  well i 've been here for nearly four years but i do n't think i comment nearly enough for anyone to know . 
  go back to r/reddevils mate . 
  nah it 'll be higher . 
  i million would be my guess, 
  i actually really liked a serbian film . 
  seen it few years ago , might feel different now , but i was surprised by how much i enjoyed it . 
  mad max , gone girl , grand budapest hotel are probably my favourites . 
  maybe boyhood too . 
  just like no one knows if king arthur existed . 
  hyypia has had more coaching experience . 
  odd , though . 
  as marsh came through the academy and he was let go . 
  so nearly the same as last season bar one player ? 
  maybe that 's why he 's a miserable prick ? 
  i did n't mind the latest duke nukem ... 
  is shadows of the damned unpopular ? 
  if so , that . 
  most shows after a while , the characters become caricatures of themselves . 
  kimmy schmidt , they * started * that way, 
  no , it 's because he 's being completely unprofessional . 
  spoke to the beeb without permission , leaks to the press he wants to go , refuses to go on a tour , when told he has to , he ` calls in sick ' , yet he wo n't hand in a transfer request because he 'll lose out on # # # , despite in his words it ` not being about the money ' . 
  edit - anyone wan na explain why i 'm being downvoted ? 
  there is nothing in my post that is incorrect . 
  it 's more to do with the fact players need permission to conduct interviews because they 're representing a certain club , not necessarily the content . 
  i really think lovren will only be good in a similar system to what southampton used . 
  i.e commanding cb next to him ( fonte ) , two defensive mids ( wanyama/schniederlen ) .
