  finish a clash of kings and move through the other game of thrones books , then onto stephen king 's joyland , then his dark tower series, 
  i do n't like using this site , i always think it 's the perfect site for someone to hack and put nsfl stuff on, 
  agreed . 
  i 'd rather pick a subject i enjoy than think about how much # # # i 'll make from it . 
  philosophy , itself , is not a doss subject . 
  i took it for two years , and it teaches some really valuable stuff , like critical autonomy , existentialism etc etc. 
  i think you 'd be surprised by all the ` famous ' people with philosophy degree 's . 
  not everyone wants to concentrate simply on what job they 're going to get in the future , many would prefer a job they like , and enjoy doing . 
  ethan cohen , steve martin , thomas jefferson , ricky gervais , robert mcnamara , mlk , woody allen , harrison ford , et al. 
  point is , a lot of those people are incredibly influental people who 've done butt loads . 
  now i 'm not saying if you take philosophy , you 'll become famous and change the world , but philosophy teaches valuable life lessons , you probably wo n't understand unless you 've actively done a bit of work on it , as i done in sixth form . 
  it can lead to some job opportunities ( no , there 's no job as a ` philosopher per se ) , but many people look fondly on philosophy degrees . 
  not because they ` know the meaning of life ' , but because of what doing philosophy forces you to do , and how to learn . 
  amazon 's # 240 , and i think there 's an offer to get certain wii u games with discount . 
  guess one reason he 'd say it is because it 's a personal greeting . 
  an even more likely explanation is he does n't give a tosh . 
  what isolated place do you live in ? 
  falkland islands or something ? 
  i live in a small town , and our buses still go on until about 7/8ish . 
  i just made a scrabbly mess on the touch screen and he did n't even look at it , so yeah guess he knows what 's up, 
  i 'm afraid i prematurely shot my wad on what was supposed to be a dry run if you will , so i 'm afraid i have something of a mess on my hands . 
  with the money offered , so would i. 
  ah , so it 's * that time * of the summer again . 
  you 're supposed to put pictures of puppies you silly cunt, 
  his eyes tell a tale of woe . 
  that puppy 's seen shit . 
  not surprised they 're holding out for 10 + million though . 
  they 're financially sound , he 's their captain and they 're in no rush to sell . 
  to be honest , 10 million for him would n't be the worse deal . 
  better value out there , for sure , but he would n't be bad , he 'd do just what he 'd be bought to do . 
  i 'm so proud of myself for starting this . 
  requesting my flair to be changed to ` puppy king ', 
  exactly . 
  i put a lot of thought into what puppy i was going to post , it was n't an off the cuff thing !, 
  tell warren i told him nice picture !, 
  it 's going much better than i anticipated !, 
  we will rule this sub together in a marriage, 
  puppy love is eternal , nigger hate is n't, 
  house next to me are having work done , so every morning i 'm awoke to the sounds of machinery . 
  it 's weird though , it seems nothing 's changed on the bit they 're working on ? 
  it 's like they 're doing it just to piss me off . 
  that film 's fucked up . 
  good , but fucked up . 
  did n't half the actors in it die of od 's or something ? 
  who thought it would be a good idea to hire someone who ca n't even say ` mobile ', 
  5-0 on aggregate, 
  different players need different qualities . 
  a player like theo walcott , for example , would be nothing if not for his speed , that 's his main attribute . 
  a player like pirlo has the skill and position to not need a great deal of speed . 
  even better, 
  daily mail . 
  bit of a hopeful line-up , to be honest . 
  still think it 's more likely suarez will leave , and we wo n't even sign mkhtaryan . 
  we 'd replace them well , i feel , but let 's just see how we get on . 
  one thing 's for sure , we wo n't finish top 4 if downing is our starting winger . 
  no it 's not . 
  bought for 12.5 million , sold for 12 million . 
  anzhi will almost certainly pay all of his wages , so qpr wo n't have to pay him off . 
  if samba had kept them up , then he 'd of been worth all of that 100k p/w , as it happens he did n't , but it 's not much of a loss to qpr . 
  carroll , shevchenko , veron , brolin , etc. 
  fair enough , my mistake . 
  yeah i agree about qpr , but i 'd say samba was one of the better signings they made , no doubt he 's a good player , not worth the wage though . 
  bosingwa was a ridiculous signing, 
  never liked it , personally . 
  partly because i 'm not interested in cars , but i just really despise hammond and clarkson . 
  i see why people like it , but i just ca n't stand watching it purely because of them two arrogant twats , clarkson in particular . 
  no matter how he 'd do next season , he wo n't end up at a top club . 
  his only way for success is to go to a midtable club in a ` big ' country , do well there , then bounce onto a bigger club . 
  i think he 's single-handedly offending every country in the world , one by one . 
  ( i 'm english infact ), 
  i know loads that love top gear , but hate that cunt clarkson, 
  how can people actually think this is serious ? 
  my gosh . 
  rather we sell for a bit lower , but have a buy back clause . 
  thursday matches , 6pm matches , lots of matches against teams who set up to defend , causes sunday matches every week , just gets in the way . 
  obviously rather be in it than not , but it is a pain . 
  is he that bad ? 
  i mean , i seen him a few times for you 's , and for birmingham and he did n't seem too bad, 
  is that account legit ? 
  i found it on amazon for about # 12 , so that 's about 18 usd . 
  any clue on how much it was on sale for on steam ? 
  ah , might just wait for the summer sale then , gives me time to finish the got books !, 
  cheers, 
  or southport, 
  every time . 
  every goddamn time . 
  i do n't mind them , our home one is very cool , the away and third are a bit odd , but odd 's not bad . 
  anyway , do n't we get a shit load of # # # from warrior ? 
  i was surprised how good this was , but i did n't find it that funny to be honest . 
  thought it 'd be a silly ` stoner film ' , but it was really well done, 
  this is n't funny anymore . 
  what about u/gnarlytrees , now that 's an inactive mod . 
  thanks baby, 
  any recommendations for a lp ? 
  exactly , ever * other two * weeks , you should be watching it * every * week !, 
  i post in / r/teenagers , but i have to admit , it 's a bad , bad subreddit . 
  it 's as you 'd expect a place devoted to solely teens , would be . 
  omgrelationshipthreads and other nameless , tedious crap . 
  but from what i understand , this deem1510 is a bad choice of mod , but this reaction is terrible !, 
  surely the best way to protest mod-ship , is to contact another mod and tell them your disdain .
