  we 're fifth in the league . 
  let that sink in for a second . 
  we 've been absolutely terrible all season . 
  same !, 
  act confident , no one will even care . 
  bald guys in their mid 40 's who flirt with anything in a dress , and look like the most miserable pricks you 'll ever see , then try sell you drugs in the loo . 
  thanks for your input . 
  read the thread title first . 
  gon na be so many clubs interested in him . 
  hopefully if he gets a good move , he 's loaned back, 
  schlee is my preferred pronoun you cis swine, 
  his dad was actually talking about this a while ago . 
  one of those where he 'd cost a fair chunk , but i personally would n't mind us not picking up an established player , and get him instead, 
  maybe it 's my bias shining through , but we 're good for a lot of youngsters with brendan in charge . 
  i 'd imagine it 'll be a big team , with a few loans first in a team he 'll play, 
  when i as about 12 , i woke up to the sound of someone whispering down my ear . 
  it was too dark to see , and i was facing the opposite way to the sound . 
  i closed my eyes , and tried to go back asleep . 
  it was like a mix between laughter , and mumbled words i could n't distinguish . 
  eventually it stopped , but i still could n't turn around . 
  it must have just been some sleep paralysis , or a fucked up dream , all i know is i could barely sleep for about 3 months after that . 
  i tried to fall asleep when it was still light , and i 'd be back awake by about 4am . 
  similar things happened since . 
  fuck sleep paralysis . 
  not just smiling at them , pick a certain part of their face , and go out of your way to smile at that , just to make them feel self conscious, 
  you 're like , lucifer . 
  i see what you did there, 
  i 'm not an animal psychologist or anything , but i always thought it was to assert dominance . 
  is that true ? 
  til . 
  the eagles were neutral , gandalf did n't have power over them . 
  if gandalf had carried it , the ring would have destroyed him . 
  anyway , saruman was stronger than gandalf , the eagles would n't have crossed saruman and side with gandalf . 
  mate , wait until pound bakery gets up your end . 
  two pasties for # 1 . 
  as someone from the north , it 's not a dislike of southeners , but mainly how the system works , with the economy being shoe horned to being bottom first , then if there 's anything left , shove it up north . 
  i would n't be able to live down south i do n't think , bit of a cultural divide , and based off my two experiences in london , a surprising amount of people really do n't much care for people from my area , and they 'll judge you as soon as they hear your voice, 
  he 's one of our better defenders . 
  certainly not awful . 
  it 's nice to see the flavour of the month has moved on from saying this about liverpool to united . 
  but you really should do better ... 
  i think it would have been more of a dramatic step up if it was n't so easy to get booze before i turned 18 . 
  [ i was sat right behind it , looked to be in all the way ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzjm71pcqxg ), 
  mccarthy had such a good 06/07 with blackburn then just faded completely . 
  not sure if he 's manager material . 
  definitely ought to be a coach . 
  nah , depends on the car . 
  # 1700 for me with a black box , # 2000 without one, 
  i passed my test just over a week ago ( uk ) , it 's one thing to have an accident , but if someone actually went 120 around a corner then there 's no hope left for that person . 
  thought it 's fucking impressive to even get up to 120 to be honest , fastest i 've gone is 75 , and that was on a motorway . 
  i only just passed my test , and i was on the motorway on saturday and * even i * know to move over to let people in, 
  man i remember on my lessons , i was trying to merge to a dual carriageway and some guinness truck seemed to go out of his way to not let me in , i had to stop and wait for the dick to pass . 
  having to join a dual carriageway from stopped is horrible . 
  first two are pure laziness . 
  barely anyone indicates on roundabouts . 
  the 45 on a 30 is mainly just not noticing , if there 's a long stretch of road you just go into autopilot and forget about your speed . 
  not a smoker , only if i 'm completely bladdered , but it 's the social aspect of it for sure . 
  here in the uk due to the smoking ban , going outside you meet some colourful characters , get into some good conversations etc. 
  it 's also the slight high you get from them, 
  yeah , insurance prices here are fucked . 
  # 2000 for a 1.19 l 2004 clio . 
  based off my experience in a call centre , i do n't think people who phoned up realised it was a real human being , just like them , on the other side and not a robot . 
  i 'm the go to guy for questions in pub quizzes about what year a movie was released, 
  `` hah , i 'm actually going to have an awful day ! '', 
  no one yet , still weighing up my options whilst i wait for my logbook and vic to get sorted . 
  tesco was the cheapest quote i 've had without a black box, 
  man , someone i know told me a tale of someone calling him asking him if he 's had any accidents in the last few months , he said yes , the seller got all excited , and then he proceeded to tell him he shit himself in work the other day . 
  iirc unlimited minutes and data is capped , it 's just really really high . 
  though , if i had unlimited calls or data and over used it , and got a fee from it , i 'd kick up a fuss, 
  great app on the android market allows you to easily block anon calls , and calls from outside your country , and certain numbers etc. 
  very handy, 
  is n't it a legal requirement though to include the post code of the centre on the website ? 
  it is here , at least . 
  i had loads of calls with people threatening me , my family , saying they 'll bottle my cars , even had a few folks come to the main gate and had to get the police involved . 
  we were allowed to hang up if we wanted to . 
  if they swear it 's a warning , twice you have reasonable grounds to end the call . 
  but i had a few where if they were being really rude , and dickish i 'd just say `` i refuse to speak to you '' and hang up . 
  yeah , i considered putting my parents as the primary insurer , but i 'd prefer to hopefully get my no claims , better in the long term and all that, 
  i used to get plenty of nice folks like yourself , also . 
  loved it when chit chat evolved into a fifteen minute discussion about things like movies , politics , sports etc. 
  made me go home feeling happy, 
  at the very least , only post it if you can post the article itself behind the paywall, 
   those who dance are considered insane by those who ca n't hear the music, 
  do you never find arse pubes on your toilet seat ? 
  that 's when i wash mine . 
   not the same person as him , but europe is a cancerous tumor on the asshole of civilization and i want nothing more than to watch it burn to the ground . 
  whereas the us sees no need to curtail speech since american society punishes racism on its own , europe knows very well that its citizens are racist and wishes to prohibit them from electing another hitler ( although they 're already doing that anyway ) :, 
   remind me again : when was the last time that americans elected nazis into power ? 
  oh , right ... never . 
  because nazis are universally condemned in american society and we do n't need to suppress their speech because we know very well that our population would never actually support them . 
  europe 's pathetic attempts to force its vicious racism underground with orwellian speech laws have , of course , only backfired as the far-right continues to surge all over the continent . 
  i honestly can not wait until your entire worthless continent is raped and pillaged by russia and isis while your house-of-cards economy comes crashing down at the same time . 
  it 's going to be glorious . 
  quite frankly , i 'm very much sick of my tax money being used to protect you useless freeloaders via nato . 
  you 're like a retarded child that america is tasked with protecting . 
  your continent is a pathetic joke and i eagerly look forward to its destruction . 
  sweet jesus , got to be a troll . 
  i love it when people think of europe as one culture with one ideology , and that everything 's the same from england to lithuania . 
  and by love , i mean despise . 
   i 'm samoan , you retarded cunt .
