  watch the match at the emirates , and it 's quiet , and if they lose/draw there 's boos , yet arsenal fans i 've met ( bare in mind i live outside liverpool ) are some of the sanest , most level viewing football fans i 've met . 
  think it 's just the modern football way of match tickets scaring off the proper fans nowadays . 
  i feel sorry for him , too . 
  he 's a good manager , he 's proven that , but his budget is shocking . 
  you know it 's bad when joe cole 's one of your only options . 
   his last season at barca was agonizingly sub-par, 
  yeah it was , but it does n't matter what age he peaked , for a few years he was an utter champion of a player, 
  my god that ref . 
  good result though , played alright . 
  lallana should start every match , as should lucas, 
  yeah , fuck him , for hating a conspiracy theory saying his son was part of a hoax and is n't actually dead , right . 
  i 'm sure that 's exactly what a grieving parent wants to hear . 
  there 'll be a ` promise ' made saying they wo n't increase the tickets , or narrowly decrease them , then as soon as we get back into the cl ( assuming we do n't this year ) , they 'll be increased . 
  spent a lot of money banking on making it well in the champions league . 
  they did n't . 
  i know this is an unpopular opinion thread blablabla , but the proven in more places argument holds no water . 
  pele , maradona et al never played in england , or multiple places . 
  not been in great form since his injuries the other year . 
  though he is our only defensive midfielder , so he should play every match . 
  i love him , he 's one of those players . 
  italy , spain and argentina was n't it ? 
  yeah , i meant more like you do n't need to play in every ` big ' country to be considered a great player, 
  that 's ridiculous, 
  ron vlaar and bellarabi would be two i 'd love for us to get . 
  juninho 's free kicks were probably the best i 've ever seen on a footy game, 
  it 's a great stadium , main downside is the area just before you go into the ground is a bit horrid . 
  where they have the bogs and bookies and that . 
  firstly i meant inside the stadium , but not the pitch bit , the bit when you just enter . 
  secondly , so what ? 
  i never mentioned anfield at all . 
  do n't be so defensive . 
  i see . 
  joey barton is interesting to follow . 
  bit of a dick , but says some interesting stuff . 
  also love how he fancies himself as a philosopher, 
  got ta be selling jaap stam, 
  that 's why i follow him . 
  same way i follow donald trump, 
  so what 's everybody getting for christmas ? 
  super smash bros and socks for me . 
  i used to have to take them over the phone . 
  my god , some people are thick as pigshit when it comes to them `` it 's sw1 1df '' , put it in , nothing . 
  could you repeat that ? 
  '' - sighs - sw1 1df ! '', 
  `` nothing 's coming up for that post code . '', 
  queue me going `` sugar whiskey 1 1 delta foxtrot '' this goes on for a minute or two , all the while they get more annoyed . 
  before finally they say , '' i told you it 's sw3 1df '' or something . 
  if he makes it big though , he 'll never forget you !, 
  you 'll be like a proud parent when he smashes in the winner, 
  he 's definitely reading all that off bbc sport . 
  get him out in the garden and practice with him, 
  mate , i used to work in a loan company and december was the most depressing time of the year . 
  absolutely horrid hearing some of the stories , like them getting robbed and all the presents stolen , crying down the phone . 
  well glen johnson is our ` main ' rb still . 
  manquillo over him . 
  he 's on fire !, 
  seriously under-rated i always thought . 
  stupid challenge, 
  newcastle were excellent . 
  thoroughly deserved . 
  sissoko 's getting better and better, 
  nothing going forwards , coutinho 's been pretty poor . 
  arsenal just seem rattled whenever they play at stoke . 
  match is n't over yet mate, 
  all our corners and free kicks are woeful . 
  put lallana on them . 
  why lallana ? 
  he 's looked our best attacker . 
  coutinho needs to come off . 
  horrendous match, 
  well we are only two points behind arsenal ... 
  do n't know how coutinho stayed on the pitch for that long , he was awful . 
  we look more solid with kolo , but goddamn we have nothing in attack at all . 
   `` i 'm selfish , impatient and a little insecure . 
  i make mistakes , i am out of control and at times hard to handle . 
  but if you ca n't handle me at my worst , then you sure as hell do n't deserve me at my best . '', 
  - brendan rodgers, 
  yeah , but they definitely will be in the top 5 or so in a few months time . 
  great goal , half volley though . 
  very dangerous to change manager who is such a long standing part of the club . 
  we went shite when rafa left . 
  united had a terrible season when fergie left . 
  only way wenger will leave will be at the end of the season when he 's had enough , or when arsenal implode and finish 5/6th . 
  wenger is really under no pressure more than he 's already had . 
   `` as as a club we felt that buying mario was the solution at the time , '' said rodgers . 
  `` in the summer , we had rickie lambert . 
  fabio borini looked 100 per cent that he was leaving , and obviously daniel sturridge has shown in his career so far that he gets injuries . 
   `` to go into the season with no-one else would have been very difficult for us . 
  `` it would have been unfair to leave rickie lambert , as a 32-year-old , as the only other striker that we had . 
  `` i felt it was a risk we needed to take with mario because , as a group , we could n't afford not to a that time . 
   `` it was obviously late on and we needed to have someone in . 
  `` it 's something that we ca n't regret now . 
  i made it clear at the beginning it was a calculated risk - and that is why he probably cost the money he did . '', 
  i 'm the same . 
  maddening to discuss something like this after a match he was n't even involved in . 
  i 'm not a big fan of him , i sincerely doubt he 'll make it here long term , but goddamn give the man a break . 
  constantly moaning about him , none of our other players who have been worse than him . 
  johnson , lovren , and to a lesser degree even mignolet have all had words of support from rodgers . 
  coutinho was woeful today . 
  sterling was n't great either , done okay at points , his run was great , but his end product today was crap .
