  robb to me was basically ned 20 years younger , they 're frighteningly the same person . 
  i think i 'd follow them because they try to do what 's right , and to genuinely care about their supporters , and soldiers . 
  you would n't expect them to ` do a frey/bolton ' , robb was pissed when those lannisters were killed in cold blood . 
  they did what they thought was right , and honourable , and that 's definitely something i could see myself following and doing . 
  yup . 
  north really does n't have too many outposts in it , few sort of big houses like karstarks , boltons , umbers , manderly 's , and then of course stark . 
  it can be a dangerous place to live with the weather , wildlings , etc. 
  i 've been here for 2 years but hello since i do n't post here too much or anything . 
  the show has n't been for ` long term fans ' for years , now it just caters to edgy 15 y.o female yanks, 
  i always thought of the first as a horror , the rest as sci-fi action, 
  `` hello ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... doc . '', 
  `` hey ... . fuck youuuuu '', 
  that crossing over with john edward dick . 
  that 'd fuck him up . 
  dolorous edd , gendry , greatjon , blackfish . 
  my bad !, 
  ( ca n't put clickable links in spoiler tags , but this has something slightly spoiler-ish ), 
  i liked resurrection, 
  - runs -, 
  this always intrigued me , as i ca n't see a way for them how to really . 
  freezing the ocean seems a bit beyond their ability really , i do n't see them as some sort of pseudo gods or with some amazing ability really . 
  i wonder what 'd happen to sothoros too , since it seems incredibly deadly when people visit there . 
  mayhaps the diseases or something could fuck the wights . 
  my old pe teacher used to be in a band with him in secondary school, 
  whenever i think wyman manderly i think brian blessed , but he 's not fat enough . 
  surprised by that . 
  tastes better than carlsberg , at least . 
  aye i like stella too . 
  and the cans look nice . 
  / r/funny was the first one i unsubscribed from . 
  what a cesspool of image macro 's , memes and idiocy, 
  18y . o here , i remember what it was vividly . 
  maybe you were talking to 14 y.os ? 
  i feel like a dick for suggesting it , since it 's basically reddit 's circlejerk book , but house of leaves . 
  currently reading the terror by dan simmons , and i 've really not been enjoying it . 
  it 's a bit of a fan favourite about the place , has great reviews on amazon etc but i 've just not been enjoying it . 
  after about 200 pages i realised , but i have to finish books i start , so i 'm about 600 pages through a book i 'm thoroughly not enjoying . 
  think this is the first book i 've ever read that i ca n't wait to finish, 
  how are the books ? 
  i loved tb 's first two/three seasons , and i 've sort of wanted to read the southern vampire mysteries but everyone seems to love them or hate them, 
  i 've already read the silmarillion , so that 's a good start haha, 
  haha . 
  this is the first simmons book i 've read , and i doubt i 'll ever read another of his . 
  it was bigged up as some scary book and it 's just so tame and dry . 
  does n't help that i sort of know what 's going to happen already considering it 's a pretty famous story, 
  where about was this event ? 
  hart ; johnson , cahill , jagielka , baines ; carrick , gerrard , lampard ; walcott , milner , sturridge . 
  it 'll be interesting to see if england end up with an english manager . 
  after capello everyone was sure we should get a englishman , but there really are n't any/many good options out there . 
  there are probably better scottish managers out there right now . 
  we 'll end up with pardew or steve bruce . 
  to be fair to him , he did n't play at all past january/feb time , and has looked good this pre-season , but i agree he 's not ready for the first team, 
  is it a no-brainer , though ? 
  in current form , sturridge is doing better than rooney . 
  not saying rooney should n't start , but it 's not like it 's completely sorted he 'll start . 
  never seen anyone do this . 
  thought it was a yank phenomenon, 
  good . 
  no need for him to , he 's already rich enough , and still good enough to be playing at lazio . 
  hope he goes back to germany eventually , instead . 
  they 're great films , just not * great star trek * movies, 
  it 's the loyalty that i loved about the cassel 's . 
  they would , and did die for their lord . 
  it sickens me jaimie 's one of my favourites now , after what he did to jory . 
  is n't he really skinny and small in the book ? 
  benjen advances the plot well though . 
  he got the nw to go looking for him , got a lot of them killed , but really pushed their forwards ahead, 
  before the last three or so episodes , the show was amazing . 
  after the last few it 's probably my favourite show i 've ever watched . 
  i only watched through it the other month , never knew how much i was missing out on . 
  it 's fantastic , so gut-wrenching , and the finale made me sob, 
  adblock , res , hola unblocker, 
  `` we know exactly how we 're going to end it , you wo n't be disappointed ! '', 
  * five years later , everyone 's disappointed . 
  it 's fabulous , my biggest criticism is that it 's not half as difficult as origins was . 
  i find i 'm flying through the levels, 
  yup . 
  wo n't be getting the best service to him , and the club is n't that stable . 
  done well at az , but ought to have stayed there i think . 
  think he 'll prove to not be up to scratch, 
  is it not scary to have a set of rules to live by , as society constantly changes ? 
  all of which are adequate answers to the thread . 
  nothing new here . 
  first one to come to my head . 
  always liked him , still remember his debut goal against that israeli team, 
  swansea 'll be bloody difficult though tomorrow night . 
  do n't see us winning . 
  though saying that , did n't see us winning against united or villa ... 
  i hope coutinho does for the same reason , and bony not to , for the same reason tomorrow night, 
  250 miles . 
  still do n't feel safe . 
  my local asda ( uk walmart ) , does n't even stock any wii u games or consoles because of a lack of business . 
  `` who the fuck is this singer and women fucking stuff up at winterfell '', 
  joffrey 's , tywin 's deaths were spoilt for by that means too, 
  mance rayder and his spear wives, 
  200 miles here . 
  still do n't feel safe . 
  i do hope you do n't mean ` europe is all the same everywhere ' , as the loads of redditors seem to think, 
  can we be friends, 
  all those united fans were really rooting for us last night against swansea ey,
