  oh they 're certainly more noticeable , but they can be distracting . 
  ( waiting for someone with more karma to inevitably reply and call me a scrub ), 
  is this the new christmas special ? 
  is * distracting * a driver really something you want to happen though ? 
  to be honest if you ca n't see a cyclist you should n't really be driving , in the daytime anyway . 
  it 's more that people put them on and forget about them once they 're on an isolated road . 
  my car makes it painfully obvious when i have my full beams on with an obnoxious light on the dash so i never forget , but some people just space out, 
  it 's the worst . 
  happened to me once , narrow country lane bloke coming did n't turn his full beams off , i was flashing him . 
  luckily , i just about seen two people walking down the road in time and could stop, 
  tractors are understandable . 
  the ones near me will usually signal me to overtake once they see it 's clear the other way . 
  near shat myself the other week , narrow country lane going around a bend , fucking eddie stobart lorry coming the other way . 
  completely unsuitable road for a hgv , thankfully he realised this once he got on and was going about 10 mph . 
  `` what last airbender movie , they never made one hahahha '', 
  blackburn here . 
  i can dig it . 
  that , and our domination . 
  similar to how united are hated by almost all non-united fans . 
  most surprising thing about this for me is the amount of balon d'or winners i 've never heard of . 
  he always had his mind farts throughout his time here . 
  in 06/07 he was great partnered with carra , but occasionally switched off . 
  you could play the manager card and say it must be difficult playing under a manager like rodgers who could n't really organise a defence . 
  e.l james ' books, 
  as much as christmas football is great , there are too many matches too quickly . 
  saved up for a while and finally afforded a handlock . 
  yeah , i know the deck is ` dying ' and not great anymore , but fuck it , i 'm loving it . 
  great fun . 
  yeah , `` do i tap and go down to 2 health and risk a consecrate , or not ? '', 
  tap into healbot . 
  so satisfying beating cancer pally, 
  it was either handlock or tempo mage . 
  think i made the funner choice, 
  most annoying was the paltry fee we ended up getting . 
  yeah , i 'm climbing decently right now . 
  been a bit bored this month , only got to 18 . 
  got about a 80 % win ratio with handlock now . 
  fucking druid seems to beat me every match . 
  two matches i 've lost against druid , both of them the same way . 
  bloody savage combatant and turn six lethal, 
  aaron lennon similarly, 
  i can think of some ... 
  ooh , mr posh over here with a waitrose !, 
  reckon alonso will end up at athletic bilbao, 
   no cars go in my ass, 
  [ ermmm ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgohe1zqemy ), 
  he 's meant to be a socialist . 
  that 's the only reason i can think of . 
  the linesman did see it , that was the reason the fa did n't punish him . 
  that adebayor goal , and they spent about 3 minutes celebrating . 
  then we went up and scored , and they were ` forcing ' us to start the game again asap . 
  one of the best matches i 've been to . 
  how would you feel about rodgers ? 
  and he 's actually good for stoke . 
  it 's nice to see him find a home somewhere . 
  so incredibly inconsistent . 
  either have a stormer or score an oggy . 
  fuck the commentators , that 's soft as fuck . 
  `` what do you mean there 's two countrys in ireland ? '', 
  when tgt came out the secret pala deck i copied did run it . 
  dont see it anymore though, 
  i do n't get it . 
  the grill for burgers is the same as for sausage muffins ( mine was , anyway ) . 
  we had to clean it very thoroughly before the breakfast/lunch switchover . 
  we 'd always serve folks the breakfast menu if they said they were in the line when the switchover happens . 
  if you have al ` akir and doomhammer you might get a few wins at rank 20 if not you 're fucked every match, 
  since there 's so many pointless episodes i normally ca n't distinguish if it 's a repeat unless there 's a question i remember , like the actors in star wars one, 
  you think that 's bad ? 
  i 'm forced to wear a fucking ` bond suit ' for work tomorrow . 
  same . 
  ca n't imagine what they 'll make us do for star wars ... 
  considering 87.1 % of the population are white british i think you 're telling porkies . 
  it was this , and he was n't that bad whenever called upon . 
  saved a pen or two , made few decent saves when called upon . 
  but mainly he was happy to sit on the bench . 
  worth mentioning the match guide does n't know who 's starting and who 's not . 
  they 've often put a player on the front , only for him to not play . 
  evened itself out i 'd say . 
  you probably deserved to win in 2005 , we deserved it in 2007, 
  i do n't like him , but i do n't dislike him . 
  however , i ca n't fucking stand genesis . 
  they all sound the same . 
  was it the ` mmmm mmmm mmmm ' song ? 
  we live in a world where ellesse is coming back into style . 
  such a shame, 
  . . which still loses to aggro decks, 
  you need to get a life . 
  milner spends so much time on the floor . 
  he 's been disappointing all season so far . 
  wonder what 's up with him . 
  thought he 'd come straight in and smash it . 
  no point us getting the defenders up from the back for corners . 
  we just concede possession immediately . 
  edit - point proven, 
  lucas should be captain . 
  for the season . 
  he 'd be starting otherwise . 
  i miss hendo so much . 
  that 's better milner . 
  believe me , it 's not ours .
