  hendo should never play wing back , that said i do n't see lucas/hendo as being our two midfielders next season . 
  rodgers has got some bloody work to do this summer . 
  bizarrely , he was one of the worst players on the pitch today . 
  what country is this ? 
  we had/have them here in the uk . 
  i really do n't agree with skrtel . 
  i love hendo , but i have serious doubts about his ability to be our captain . 
  would n't be surprised if we signed someone this summer , and gave it him . 
  already better than the mel fucking b episode the other day . 
  it 's a european thing . 
  trailer park boys x-files special . 
  i 'd watch it . 
  bubbles kills laura palmer, 
  / r/worldnews is the worst, 
  woah there mate , i 'm from widnes ... 
  ... can confirm . 
  but at least we have free parking in our shopping centre !, 
  gayle done alright under him . 
  maybe they never did . 
  maybe it 'll start with coop in prison , or elsewhere, 
  got really popular where i am about 2010/11, 
  not too well . 
  paul mcshane is shocking . 
  out of curiosity , where does suarez play for suarez . 
  out wide or up top ? 
  edit - i 'm not even going to correct my typo , it stays . 
  sakho is n't fancied by rodgers , and i would n't trust skrtel to open a mouthwash bottle to be honest . 
  love it . 
  played it for days on ps3 , and currently up to nearly 3 days on ps4 . 
  frontier rifle < 3 . 
  finnan was unbelievably solid . 
  skrtel gets a lot of flack , mainly due to his inability to concentrate , he 'd walk through brick walls for the club though i feel . 
  flanno will be too , he 's a bit like finnan , in that he knows his limits , unlike glen johnson for example , who thinks he 's roberto carlosa, 
  i always remember mark noble being great when he came into your side . 
  amazing how masch barely played for your lot , too, 
  nearly won # 55 on a bet for him to score against city in 2013 in my first and only match at your lots stadium , but it was disallowed . 
  simao and turan will join liverpool , huntelaar will join united , and hangelaand and kalou will join arsenal , then the footballing world will become aligned, 
  he 's probably our best defender , but i do n't think rodgers rates him , because he was n't his signing . 
  he 's always got a mistake a game in him, 
  has n't he only played once , as a sub ? 
  awful performance . 
  something has to change , defensively . 
  rodgers needs to swallow his pride , and actually get a defensive coach or something . 
  two and a half years it 's been like this , with no improvement . 
  leeds always get relegated in my saves . 
  it 's 2018 and they 're still in l1 . 
  did n't start in non-league , personally . 
  but i 'm on my best save in a few years . 
  started with pompey , back to back promotions and jpt , took over at brighton , took them from relegation zone to play-offs , second season i finished second , now in pl , had a good start , in 10th after 7 or so matches . 
  worked my way up the coaching badges now , too.getting loads of job offers . 
  to be fair , his character was pretty emotionless . 
  did n't need a good performance . 
  mate , i 'd be careful what you say , he may be part of green street, 
  easier to win when you chuck money at people like a stripper, 
  i wonder if they could tempt assombalonga, 
  aye , risks like that are always nice to seem , from a neutral , too . 
  shows some balls . 
  rumours have been about for a while , he does n't try too hard in training , but i dunno if there 's truth in it . 
  delph is n't amazing , but he 's solid . 
  he presses players like a champion , and would n't be a bad squad player . 
  similar to allen . 
  delph is a better allen . 
  problem is , i do n't see us selling allen , or anybody wanting to buy allen . 
  they built a huge tesco in my town . 
  it 's not a huge town , and they decided to make a 24 hr superstore . 
  it 's a 2 minute walk to asda , morrisons , lidl , aldi , et al. 
  it 's always empty . 
  they should shut that one down , i sincerely doubt they make a profit . 
  strandberg signed for my mk dons team second season , within a month he wanted to leave , cunt, 
  we would n't have paid thirty million for him in the summer, 
  it 's bizarre , all of the locals found it really pointless . 
  asda is the go to shop in my town , only time you see people go tesco is past 11pm as its the only place open, 
  should have got him from lyon in the first place . 
  it does n't get better, 
  he was for a few years . 
  juninho was my favourite though . 
  loved him . 
  it was really nice to see those few years where lille , bordeaux , and mainly montpellier won the league, 
  joe cole, 
  not sure on the validity of this source , but according to [ this ] ( http://fivethirtyeight.com/datalab/american-kids-will-spend-an-average-of-943-hours-in-elementary-school-this-year/ ) , american kids spend more time in school than finland , for example , [ who have the best education . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/8601207.stm ) i 'm not sure it 's the amount of hours in school they spend , but the quality of teaching . 
  my old teacher refused to call it a religion . 
  whenever discussing it , he 'd always put a disclaimer on it , as there 's no deity . 
  then the class would have a big discussion as whether there needs be a deity for it to be called a god . 
  i miss that class . 
  they hurt people . 
  nothing to debate . 
  of course guns themselves do n't kill people . 
  humans ca n't be trusted to have guns and not shoot people , is my view . 
  the world would be a better place if guns were never invented . 
  rodgers has won it in the third season , on my save . 
  they 've got a hell of a squad , and joe allen . 
  seen that one too mate !, 
  did n't much care for it the first time , but i caught it again and appreciated it a lot more . 
  love me some cusack, 
  they 're not in turmoil at all . 
  no point discussing transfers which will never , ever happen . 
  no point saying ` we should sign pogba ' . 
  every club in the world would love to . 
  there 's simply no chance of us signing him .
