  setting up the counter attack . 
  we 're getting meta in here, 
  clyne or lallana for me . 
  can 's played well too . 
  stick him in a good side and he might be good . 
  really good performance . 
  no away goals conceded a massive bonus , but united 's attack just does n't exist . 
  reminds me of us before rodgers was sacked a few months ago . 
  good news for united , looks like fellaini 'll be banned for the next leg . 
  dirty cunt . 
  friends worked okay because they have so much content . 
  the problem is when the show has n't had a lot of episodes , and they still do one . 
  ( star trek tng , talking to you ), 
  wow , only one acting credit on imdb , and it 's an episode of a mini series . 
  he must be over the moon . 
  solid defence , man marking for set pieces . 
  quick counter attacks , when it 's not on , maintaining possession . 
  not tactically frigid , will play whatever suits the players best . 
  i once spoke to my mp ( think state senator to american folks ) , he was complaining about the service we provided . 
  he was unhappy with the fee charged , even though he 'd agreed to it all . 
  he was really unhappy , he kept complaining , he got david cameron to send a letter to us and everything . 
  he called me every such word imaginable , very annoying ordeal . 
  woodgate is able to , was he injured at the time by any chance ? 
  think a keeper and winger are guaranteed . 
  striker , centre mid , depends on who goes out the door . 
  i 'd like a new left back too , personally . 
  maybe another centre half if there 's a good deal out there . 
  depends on how stubborn we are on wages , really . 
  though , we have no idea how good ward actually is . 
  aberdeen fans rave about him , but unfortunately we have nothing to base him off of . 
  `` close enough '', 
  my favourite treehouse of horror . 
  all three of them were amazing . 
  we actually showed it in the cinema i work at . 
  it did n't do well , but # 150 seems a bit low . 
  lol, 
  ca n't blame keane for wanting to play for his childhood side . . 
  he was pretty bad for 2 years or so once he joined spurs . 
  as busy as estab on a thursday . 
  free cinema tickets . 
  happens every year . 
  [ get them out boys ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2015/05/19/11/28d9ceee00000578-3087613-image-m-9_1432031716742.jpg ), 
  i think the only thing i seen him in other than lost is community . 
  he was good in community . 
  she 's good in bloodlines if you have n't already seen it, 
  yeah it was just a small role in one episode . 
  he 's brought in as a paintball expert to ` kill ' all the players . 
  it 's a great [ episode ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1640867/?ref_=nm_flmg_act_9 ) if you have time . 
  good shout . 
  he was amazing in 08/09 , season before and after ` meh ', 
  15 months notice is a lot of time . 
  if we do n't have somebody lined up in that time to replace him i 'd be peeved . 
  i 'd imagine it 's been announced now because we 're ready to name his successor . 
  whilst true , it 's also worth questioning not just the players we bought , but the fees we payed . 
  it 's not necessarily about ability though . 
  woah woah woah !, 
  without a paddle is great . 
  koscielneys over 30 already ? 
  still think of him as a kid, 
  nice guy . 
  i also have a personally signed copy of carra 's testimonial programme signed to me ( my dad worked on his house ), 
  keep forgetting about gomez . 
  honestly , i 'm not sure white is klopp 's colour . 
  come on mignolet , you get that . 
  a penalty is just a foul in the box , not necessarily a booking . 
  fucking hell phil you hero, 
  makes it look so simple sometimes, 
  so close, 
  rafa vs big sam was always interesting . 
  it 's clear they do n't like each other and constantly got under each others ' skin . 
  british users , where do you shop ? 
  i need a new jacket and jeans . 
  i 'm quite picky . 
  i follow preston , i was always curious why alexander went to burnley . 
  what was the reason ? 
  it was really bad . 
  coutinho against southampton again , holy hell . 
  flanno is the strongest , skinniest guy i 've seen play footy in ages . 
  yeah , seemed really far out with not enough power on it to beat him from there to be honest . 
  his view was a bit blocked , to be fair . 
  origi and sturridge looking great together . 
  i 'm so happy for origi . 
  he was voted in the worst eleven in france last year , and looked a bit bambi-y on his first appearance or two with us , but he really looks like a footballer now . 
  can tell he 's filled out a bit , and got a bit of confidence , and now he 's looking really dangerous . 
  boss attack if only joe could score, 
  joe allen looks like he 's just discovered the arctic monkeys, 
  he was thrown in at the deep end in a struggling team and looked , understandably , shaky . 
  that hattrick vs southampton done him the world of good, 
  chavs often discover them , fall in love with them , and then grow out their hair and refuse to wash it . 
  around 2010 in my old school , all the chavs decided they wanted to be indie and went from skinhead to ket wig, 
  blocks the keepers view . 
  contentious decision, 
  right decision , but the annoying thing is that probably would have gone in without sakho being there . 
  jay rodriguez , forgotten about him . 
  good player . 
  lallana does that too . 
  sell one , buy one . 
  these lloyds adverts get funnier and funnier, 
  is that bird shit on long 's head ? 
  there are a lot of gulls ...
