  2 goodison park ( 9.3 miles ), 
  home to : everton, 
  home to : tranmere rovers, 
  4 the dw stadium ( 13.2 miles ), 
  home to : wigan athletic, 
  5 the reebok stadium ( 17.5 miles ), 
  home to : bolton wanderers, 
  that 's about right . 
  reminds me of a joke . 
  why 's the grass greener in ireland than england ? 
  you 're all over here , walking on our grass . 
  this link was purple . 
  i was still surprised and enjoyed it . 
  [ i am a tiger riding a walrus ] ( http://oi47.tinypic.com/1z70mzl.jpg ), 
  only part-time, 
  i got a onesie , for my birthday last year ( tomorrow , incidentally ) and since i go by oneinchwalrus , someone ` shopped a walrus onto me . 
  yeah a friend got it me for my birthday . 
  i 'll make you a onesie < 3, 
  thank you < 3, 
  if civ 5 is anything to go by , invading india is a bad move, 
   i hate you for having primark . 
  no , you do n't , please take it off us !, 
  the sheer amount of chavs you see thinking they 're awesome wearing their # 2 luminous t-shirts and bright orange socks is too damn high, 
  doctor patient confidentiality ? 
  why the heck tell your mum ? 
  edit - okay guys , chill out i see the error of my commenting ways . 
  that 's a wonderful thumbnail, 
  source ? 
  stephen fry . 
  how ought i live ? 
  not just reddit . 
  the internet in whole does this . 
  look at rpg etc. 
  it really was a tale of two left backs for enrique . 
  absolutely dreadful second half of season , and the polar opposite start . 
  liked his principles and stuff , despised his music . 
  about 4-6 , something like that . 
  i got some wicked cool tractor for christmas , and i was playing on it . 
  that and my grandad lifting me above his head during christmas a few weeks before he died . 
  i 'm planning on going there soon , are english people accepted well ? 
  duncan jenkins ( i know , i know , an itk , but he is always spot on for liverpool stuff , even if his spelling is hilariously bad ), 
  hearing gaston ramirez to #lfc is on ( not done , on ) with the fee # 16m pound . 
  i first reported interest back in january, 
  personally , i think he 's a damn good player . 
  never complains , relatively cheap wages and a good marketing player . 
  he 'll happily fit in across the whole midfield , and performs in the big matches . 
  you 'll probably replace him with a more gifted player , but it will be difficult . 
  just finished year 12 too . 
  i 'm planning on going to uni , to do philosophy . 
  probably in liverpool . 
  yeah , unfortunately he 's staying . 
  i would n't mind him staying , but 90k wages for a bench player is ridiculous . 
  is there still no hate for mike ashley ? 
  i know you 've been fantastic last year , but has it covered up the cracks of ashley or what ? 
  king 's been released i believe . 
  oh and bassong 's still at spurs . 
  ben smith @bensmithbbc, 
  off camera , rodgers said #lfc fans would find one potential new player ` incredibly exciting ' - ` they 'll love him ', 
  and has just joined a new club, 
  goal.com is notoriously bullshit , do n't even bother using it . 
  ever . 
  half-life 2 . 
  he was not added to the website , that 's just photoshopped , which frankly is easy . 
  do n't like the very , very early seasons ( 1/2 ) , or the latest few seasons , but everwhere inbetween is wonderful . 
  canned does , but bottled it tastes nicer . 
  bbt attracts a lot of hate on reddit . 
  mine seem them in hamburg before their fame also . 
  oddly enough , my grandad is from liverpool , as where the beatles but only ever seen them in germany , countries across . 
  i feel proud to be his first correction, 
  but ... 18 months ago was when we signed carroll for 35 million . 
  yeah , the 850344 amount of karma must really get you down sometimes, 
  you , apparently . 
  based on your earlier post, 
  he 's not mediocre , he 's a very solid goalkeeper . 
  no surprise he 's been involved in two championship to premier league promotions . 
  hm , fair enough . 
  though i 'm not convinced . 
  let it go man , let it go :(, 
  i am your bro !, 
  just not in * that * way ... close enough . 
  i really hope so . 
  that 'd be great/terrifying, 
  we 'll chuck in aquilani if you want !, 
  word on the street ( guardian ) is dempsey and 9 million for carroll . 
  good deal to be honest . 
  equivilant of 18 million, 
  actually dempsey is a confirmed target , it 's more than just speculation, 
  any minute now either his agent will say he wants to leave , or he 'll be blown over by the wind . 
  hehe . 
  a montage !, 
  yeah , i did . 
  season ticket holder here . 
  he never looked bad , but he never really looked special . 
  he just does n't want to be here , he never has , no matter what his agent says . 
   president of the * republic of ireland *, 
  ftfy, 
  [ i think i 've got my halloween costume sorted ] ( https://fbcdn-sphotos-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-snc6/205342_3874634701098_1701002165_n.jpg ), 
  [ not embarrassing if it 's this cover !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2z5d8zu9-4 ), 
  drink a fair bit .
