  even kong is still getting good numbers , but no one 's coming for gits, 
  happens far too often . 
  i think everyone knew they fucked up sacking rowett , and fucked up even more hiring zola . 
  you guys been stuck in limbo for years now . 
  the whole `` in this envelope i have the name of someone i do n't think is very good and needs to prove himself to me '' etc motivating technique . 
  sakho is both under and over rated , i have no idea what to make of him anymore . 
  i 'd like him , think we could get a lot out of him , problem is think he 'd play where wiji is , who 's been good this year . 
  we will need new midfielders regardless of where we finish though . 
  christ . 
  they caught him ? 
  great result , did what we needed to , especially after city 's win . 
  every match is gon na be a slug now . 
  i used to know him from another forum , had him on facebook for a spell iirc, 
  could be anywhere , liverpool or rome . 
  charlie hunnam 's accent is so painful . 
  it 's dick van dyke levels, 
  not sure if it 's his baldy head standing out , but he seems like he 's everywhere , and always the start of huddersfield 's attacks, 
  longest yeah boi ever, 
   , people with dogs, 
  do any taxi drivers give lifts to people with dogs ? 
  in the uk police do n't carry firearms , other than special teams . 
  19 confirmed dead, 
  i was in work when it happened , my boss got a call from her sister who was there with her neice , said they seen some fella with blood all over his face , and then a bang . 
  she went to pick them up due to the trains . 
  no gunman . 
  it 's locked down because of the incident , there 's no gunman . 
  was always gon na be at an ariana grande gig . 
  it 'll be young girls and then some parents/carers who took them . 
  got ta wonder did they actively plan it for this , or just random . 
  libertines are there , or where gon na be , this saturday . 
  and iron maiden were there , iirc , the other week . 
  yeah , seeing the stone roses at the etihad last year i was surprised how tight they were on people going in . 
  never mind bag checks and patting down , but ecig juice and everything getting confiscated, 
  we have trash newspapers of course we do , but it 's a moot point as it was n't them nor the daily mail et al who released this information . 
  their chance to have their voice on tele . 
  really daft, 
  eh , the main line is pretty poignant really . 
  after terrorist attacks like this , a common sentiment is to not blame the group from which the attack came from i.e muslims , as a whole . 
  nowtv only works on ie . 
  it 's like they do n't want people to use their service, 
  they did well though did n't those players , might be why they 're going back for more . 
  like what reading did around 2006, 
  he works for goal.com, 
  either way i think this time around in the champs league we wo n't be as deflated as last time, 
  bad bootle meff got absolutely smashed . 
  cunt . 
  it was at 216 a minute ago !, 
  she 'll be gone in a week, 
  have been since before midnight to be fair . 
  she 's gone . 
  they ca n't afford to lose a seat . 
  if they do , it 's hung . 
  amber would be risky . 
  seeing as she won by 300 votes this time around . 
  imagine the pm losing at the next election hah, 
  because he 's a bad bootle meff . 
  increased majority , too . 
  decent day for the left . 
  yeah it 's the closest team to me , oh if i were n't a broke student, 
  happy he 's found a home , hope he stays there . 
  ca n't really see why he would wan na go anyway, 
  we got him pretty cheap at the time cos his contact was nearly up . 
  brake even and id be happy ; but we can kinda be stubborn selling sometimes, 
  yeah this , and the frank skinner show on absolute, 
  you 're telling me . 
  the one i work at got about 250 people in all day yesterday, 
  was n't that long ago, 
  edit - it was, 
  iirc he went for them because they said they would n't fire him . 
  see , i honestly feel like this was a reason behind fsg buying us . 
  they knew that after h/g even if they cocked up loads ( not saying they have ) , they 'd still be able to say ` we 're better than the last lot ' . 
  anyone that would have bought us would have taken us upwards , it was almost impossible for us to be in a worse state . 
  coutinho has been pretty good on the wing recently , much better than when he first got here, 
  good player , who would fit in like a glove . 
  but the price they would end up paying since he 's one of bournemouth 's stars , and they 're in no need to sell makes me a bit unsure . 
  would be 20 mil + surely, 
  i think he is . 
  he 'd be great back up to kane , got a lot of goals last year , and is quick and direct , like how spurs play . 
  problem is if they end up spending 20-25 million on him , people will question him a lot more . 
  id say in the city it 's close to 50-50 , maybe 60-40 in our favour but it 's pretyy even . 
  but most of the wools are liverpool or united fans really, 
  i 'll always only remember him from riise breaking his leg from a free kick, 
  think we 're giving him pre season to impress and see what happens, 
  think rodgers was hoping to get us going like his swansea side which had graham ( benteke ) , sigurdsson ( coutinho ) and two quick wingers, 
  does n't klassen play a similar role ? 
  used to always get loads of assists for me , before he decided to be a cunt, 
  pretty sure bostock never played for palace in the prem , was championship was n't it ? 
  good write up tho, 
  the one i work at is only five years old and it 's a lot smaller behind there , and under the masking it 's just storage when we have too much stock, 
  this was my one too . 
  remember being asked this in like '06 when hull were n't very good , and i was thinking of clubs for like 2 hours, 
  to be a cunt , you could argue mark bright did . 
  but most italian sides never actually biy the player if it 's optional, 
  yeah , they 'll open their wallet to pay and it always seems to be twenties . 
  or they 'll have some in a little money bag, 
  he 'd be great anywhere , stick him in net if we got ta, 
  solid enough defensively , nothing forwards, 
  similar player to allen . 
  good player though . 
  it 'll probably be between another two or three players to be honest .
