  and the street perfomers , but they 're not so bad . 
  messi 's worth 65 mil in mine . 
  8.3 average over two seasons, 
  every time i see him , he impresses me . 
  has n't he been injured a lot of this season ? 
  that 's exactly my point, 
  blood diamond deserves a mention i 'd say, 
  he 'll leave when he comes back from loan and recovers from his injury . 
  he 'll turn into a decent player when he does , too . 
  he 's on loan to nacional . 
  colombia will have a good world cup . 
  any team shane long plays for, 
  quite , but considering how many people talk about it , it 's not really a ` good find ' . 
  we 've had a pretty poor last five years , before this season . 
  but i 'd say the carling cup win against cardiff , i suppose . 
  or maybe the fa cup final against chelsea , iirc the owners said even if we 'd have won that , kenny was gon na lose his job , but i 'm not so sure . 
  i think if we 'd have won , kenny would have kept his job . 
  they 're doing applications for my local town , my da was gon na apply , but the application was ridiculously lengthy so he 's not gon na bother :(, 
  god i feel you . 
  if i 'm ever responsible for doing job interviews i 'm going to personally email responses to people whether they get the job or not, 
  is it as small as andorra ? 
  sign andre hahn and kevin volland op, 
  sooookeh . 
  star in a very popular true blood , whether you like the show or not , it 's still critically acclaimed . 
  x-men , and trick r treat . 
  think true detective is a very different idea to the silmarillion . 
  the sil is filled with hundreds of characters , most of who are n't fleshed out or discussed too much . 
  you just would n't be able to base much time onto most characters , their journey 's are too short , and there 's too little info about them . 
  i think a series would be better for the sil than a film , for sure , but i still do n't see it ending well . 
  few characters and stories would be really cool , but i think it would struggle to grip audiences . 
  it 'd be such a cult thing , with only big tolkien fans being able to get into it . 
  there used to be a welsh girl who done a radio morning show , the show was shite , but her voice was so alluring i kept listening in . 
  i like the scottish one too . 
  you know pal , toxteth is n't that bad . 
  there 's worse places in liverpool for crime and that . 
  four months now . 
  yes , it 's not all season , but compared to a lot of people with the pace he has , he 's shown incredible awareness for those around him , and the killer pass . 
  whenever i hear that song ... 
  the biggest drawback for killzone for me is how short the story was . 
  really nice graphics , some good features in it , but the game ended as soon as i got into it . 
  has jelavic been any good ? 
  thought it was just long in good form, 
  as much as i 'd prefer city to win it rather than chelsea , i 'm hoping city lose so we can possibly grab second, 
  on the plus side we 're very grateful for the time we had with masch, 
  to be fair , the managers before avb did n't play him * at all *, 
  yeah , his last half a season with us he was poor . 
  he got a few goals here and there , but you could tell he 'd lost something . 
  then he reaffirmed his commitment to us , then buggered off , and it turns out he done us a favour !, 
  dude the first one compared to to the second would make you punch walls . 
  i found the second pretty straightforward after 100 % ing the first one . 
  both great games though . 
  puyol , pirlo , and alonso possibly ? 
  really happy for gladbach , but goddamn the injuries dortmund have is ridiculous . 
  it 's really impressive they 're still second considering all the troubles they 've had . 
  favre is one of the best managers about . 
  willian sending off soft , but ramires ' challenge was awful . 
  villa played really well , bacuna 's impressing me a lot . 
  looks like i 'll be dreaming of the title again ... this never ends well ... 
  easy now ... 
  he is playing well , but who would he replace ? 
  ... delph for the wc !, 
  i did n't find it too unsettling to be honest , i 'll happily be rewatching it , there 's only one bit which was unsettling late on in the eps ... 
  ronaldo literally dragged portugal through the wc qualifications . 
  look through the portugal side , there are n't many other star players at all . 
  49 goals in over 100 aps ai n't bad . 
  the bit were the pc tells him there 's another person on board is great , really tense . 
  then it all kicks off , and badly so . 
  should have just been [ ] ( #s `` the pc fucking with him , or him hearing things and going mental '' ), 
  but think of all the homework !, 
  not worth it !, 
  my mate done it , and they had an essay homework every week . 
  be arsed having to do that every week , rather watch law and order, 
  reminds me of my heated re gcse discussion lessons , where we were debating when life begins . 
  that got heated very quickly . 
  i got quoted # 4 for a pint of brahma once . 
  laughed all the way to the # 2 carling tap, 
  simao was linked with us for about 10 years constantly , and that never happened . 
  give me a minute and i 'll join you on that, 
  fuck not again, 
  hate when you ask for something and they pour it , then it turns out extortionately priced . 
  nothing worse, 
  either your kettle is very loud , or your family have very good hearing, 
  exactly the reason most people still go for dvds . 
  the players are n't as big of an issue because ps3/4 can play them , but a typical movie might be # 10 on dvd but # 15 on blu ray and that 's a big difference . 
  third season with liverpool , started badly . 
  bit of unrest in the dressing room . 
  all because after third last year , we lost a few of our opening games and people are kicking up a fuss . 
  weird considering this is the best team i 've had . 
  ter stegen , johnson , mangala , sakho , enrique ; verratti , bender ; sterling , coutinho , deolefu ( sp ) ; suarez . 
  my squad is pimp as well , they 're just not arsed . 
  get mulder on the phone, 
  `` scully i 've got a case . . '', 
  and also does n't know the difference between england and britain, 
   british summer is too non-existant, 
  op should make a new one of these , that was great . 
  i remember watching the premiere where one of the girls is in her underwear and being awfully confused as to what type of show it is . 
  flanno hatty oncoming, 
  suarez and sturridge are n't great on fifa , so it 's logical, 
  flanno 's a better crosser , and he 's always bound to score a double hatty, 
  hes a really good player , who 'd fit in with us perfectly , but i ca n't see it .
