  what will the key parts of the package be ? 
  mrs may : yes , i did refer to that . 
  we are going to assure that we have more transparency from government through the information that we will be publishing in an annual transparency report , within parameters . 
  we will also reduce the number of bodies that are able to have access to the communications data , establish a privacy and civil liberties board based on the us model , have a review of the capabilities and powers that are necessary against the threats we face and the ways in which those are regulated , and lead discussions afainst the threats we face and the ways in which those are regulated , and lead discussions with other governments on how we deal with these matters of sharing data across borders . 
  10 july 2014 : column 473 :, 
  labour has secured major new safeguards and reforms . 
  the emergency legislation will be temporary - it will expire in 2016 and there will be a major independent review of the legal framework governing surveillance so that there can be a proper public and parliamentary debate over what the longer term legislation and arrangements should be . 
  data and intelligence is needed - especially for tackling serious crime , online crime and preventing terrorism . 
  last year the child exploitation and online protection agency received 18,887 reports of child abuse - an increase of 14 % on the year . 
  without this sot of information abusers would be impossible to find and stop . 
  but more safeguards and stronger oversight are needed , as well as reforms because the legislation is out of date given new technology . 
  labour will scrutinize the detail of the government 's proposal 's , but we will support the temporary legislationn as it would be far too damaging to the fight against serious crime , online child abuse and counter terrorist intelligence to suddenly lose these capabilities now . 
  labour 's amendments aim to strengthen checks and balances even further :, 
  making independent review of ripa secured by labour statutory and underpinned by the law through the legislation . 
  legislating for the interception of communications commissioner to report on the working of this new act within six months of commencement and in six monthly intervals thereafter . 
  i hope this is helpful . 
  yours sincerely , derek twigg . 
  the other day i noticed my belly button was a bit red , and it was oozing a smelly liquid . 
  more recently it 's became a more blood like substance . 
  i shaved around the area , and i thought it may be an allergic reaction to cotton on a t-shirt or something , but that seemed unlikely . 
  any ideas what it is ? 
  i 'm in a bit of pain , but not a great deal . 
  left a stain on my t-shirt earlier through the weeping from it . 
  ( 19 y.o english male , 6 ' 2 , about 200 lbs . 
  if that makes any difference ), 
  trying to login on my ps4 , yesterday it said i ca n't go online without an origin sign in . 
  which i totally have . 
  got annoyed , and went off it . 
  today it 's coming up with ` help secure your account with a question ' , which again i already have , every time i try to submit one , and i click next , it just does n't budge . 
  anyone encountered this ? 
  really do n't want to speak to ea about this as their customer service is awful . 
  sup , dog before started acting oddly . 
  she was in the garden and walked in a circle . 
  she came in , lay down and seemed fine . 
  then she tried to stand up , could n't , then threw up horrible yellow bile , then done it again a bit later . 
  her eyes are going back and forth and her head seems off centre . 
  bit of googling got me this answer . 
  problem is , it 's 1am , and i do n't know what to do when she goes to sleep . 
  should i stay in the same room and see how she is ? 
  if it 's the same in the morning , do i take her the vet ? 
  background info ; worked in a small-ish call centre here in the uk , awful job to be honest , had a lot of interesting callers . 
  this one guy , obviously wo n't state his name was an mp for a while ( member of parliament ) , phoned up to complain after he made an application , and agreed to it all . 
  the service was provided , the fee was charged , as per routine with his permission . 
  he phoned up in an absolute mental state , f-ing and blurring all over the place . 
  me ; company name , oneinchwalrus speaking , how can i help ? 
  him : you 've charged me for something i 've not done !, 
  [ pull up his application ], 
  me ; can you confirm name and dob ? 
  him ; [ does so ], 
  me ; yes sir i can see the fee 's been charged as [ explain service ], 
  him ; [ clearly could n't understand it , swore like mad ], 
  me ; [ discuss agreement , and discussion of applications/terms he agreed to prior ], 
  him ; i am a former member of parliament for x/y/z and i demand you refund me !, 
  me ; sorry sir , that ca n't occur as [ discuss terms etc ], 
  him ; where do you live ? 
  me ; unfortunately sir i can not say . 
  him ; why not ? 
  me ; i do n't feel comfortable doing so , and am not entitled to do so if i do not wish . 
  him ; [ could tell my accent ] if you 're from x/y/z , i was your former mp and demand a refund, 
  me ; unfortunately sir . . [ cuts me off ], 
  him ; no , this is fraud and demand to be refunded you [ swears a lot ], 
  hung up on him . 
  done a bit of sleuthing , and funnily enough he was my former mp from before i was born , and was in fact dismissed eventually , and later committed fraud himself years earlier . 
  he kept calling up and complaining , and i believe even got his high power friends to write in letters to also complain . 
  have loads of stories from that place . 
  firstly want to say i 'm loving the demo , seems like it 'll be the best in years , actually looks improved this year . 
  the new corner routine of being able to tell your players seems great , great idea . 
  however , without fail when i tell the players where to go , for example ` challenge the keeper ' 10/10 the goalie will just catch the ball no problems . 
  seems no matter where i put it , the goalie will simply just grab it , even if there 's players in the way . 
  anyone else feel the same ? 
  surely this should n't happen ? 
  i do n't get why this keeps happening , i mean what 's the purpose behind this ? 
  also what should i do with it ? 
  just watched this flick , going through my backlog . 
  i have to say i really enjoyed it . 
  my main problem is that it just seemed so overacted . 
  i get that it 's about a broken family in turmoil , but they really just seemed to go a bit over the top in it all . 
  ( mainly julia roberts ), 
  bizarre for a movie to not tie up any loose ends . 
  the incestcumberbatchgate , everyone leaving their mother alone , the whole pedophile thing with the guy who was in friends , but i actually liked how it ended , added a sense of realism of it to me . 
  have to say chris cooper and meryl streep absolutely smashed their performance , though . 
  only two characters in it which did n't seem way over the top . 
  what did everyone think of it ? 
  getting really annoyed . 
  three times i 've been playing , and they disconnect on me , and it comes across as a loss , or does n't register a result . 
  happening to anyone else ? 
  it 's what i 'd call the ` ca n't be arsed finding out what would suit me ' look . 
  [ here 's one from last year, 
  [ another ] ( http://oi59.tinypic.com/sql1m0.jpg ), 
  apologies about the poor quality of camera . 
  background info ; 19 y.o , about 6 foot , about 200-205lbs . 
  i do n't have the best shaped head so i 've never really tried styling it or anything . 
  / r/malehairadvice would would suit me ? 
  but really i 'm way out of ideas , i 'd love to suggest some i 've been thinking about , but i really do n't know.i 've just been thinking or hair drying it and moussing it to one side with a bit of body . 
  just thinking about this before . 
  thought of the cusack family . 
  john , joan and ann . 
  the baldwin family ; alec . 
  william , stephen , daniel . 
  the wayans ?
