  already ten minutes over, 
  cavani is n't a proven striker if , in your own words , he 's been shite for two seasons . 
  `` there 's only one greedy bastard '' being sung now, 
  sums up our season . 
  we 're being completely outplayed , having a goalscorer would n't have changed this match . 
  stoke are just doing loads better than us . 
  can is being torn apart , and i feel sorry for him . 
  he 's not a right back . 
  edit - btw i posted this at 2-0 ... 
  hahahaha !, 
  you absolute shower of shite . 
  people who think we 'll be great next year when we get a striker and going to be solely disappointed . 
  fact is , only defender i trust is the one rodgers does n't ( sakho ) . 
  our entire midfield goes missing when we 're not doing too well . 
  if you think he 's been our saving grace this year , you 'd be wrong . 
  he 's been appalling for two/three months now . 
  fact is , our team is a bit shite . 
  wish we had a midfielder like n'zonzi :(, 
  you 'd hope so . 
  i hoped we 'd have a plan for what we 'd do without suarez , i was wrong . 
  lallana ... i really hoped he 'd have a good season , he 's like a lost kid out there . 
  `` thought we were t ` riffic . 
  the boys showed real character out there today . 
  we were just unlucky '', 
  since he 's been at rb , yeah . 
  he 's not a rb . 
  got ta say , he 's a really talented guy whenever i 've seen him . 
  problem is , he seems like a bit of a dirty fucker . 
  ai n't even mad . 
  this is just funny . 
  your team 's playing too you know , right ? 
  5-0 down . 
  bring on kolo and ibe . 
  okay . 
  nope they would not . 
  they would n't be relegated , midtable all the way . 
  as good for a striker he is at defending , they would n't be near solid enough . 
  hausu is a great surreal movie . 
  for the day this happened , there would be no / r/conspiracy posts, 
  one thing sterling will give is lightning pace , beating his men , then not crossing over the first man . 
   rodgers showed loyalty to liverpool when he could have jumped for bigger things last year, 
  nope, 
  i disagree pal , i thought the turning point was when bill was replaced by noel . 
  noel just did n't know enough about music . 
  phil and bill also did n't like how it was basically a platform for amstell to rip into people constantly . 
  christ , he 's popular . 
  almost all sold out . 
  keeping a manager who does n't like balotelli , and both are staying ? 
  what could go wrong . 
  mourinho was n't there when matic was first time . 
  matic is the ultimate mourinho player . 
  de bruyne played under chelsea , and it did n't work out . 
  completely different situations . 
  our eggs are different from yours . 
  ours are fine being in cupboards , yours have something different in them, 
  really doubt we 'll get rid of rodgers . 
  it 'd make too much sense . 
  we 'll give him a year , finish sixth again , sack him , and then have no options to replace him . 
  x-files count ? 
  sure there 's overarching plots , but the motw episodes fill up more episodes and they 're great . 
  every week 's episode was completely different . 
  black mirror ? 
  do n't you talk shite about my boy emre , tony . 
  defensively solid . 
  excellent counter attacks . 
  superb in europe , truly . 
  always knew how to play against the opposition . 
  if there 's one side i 'd expect him to ` change his ways ' for , it 's madrid . 
  he loves madrid . 
  yeah mate i took all the steps about the attachment , it 's clean, 
  i 'm worried it 's gon na be nail bomb or something in the look of a teddy, 
  it 'll be someone else 's turn soon . 
  criticism is fine , it 's the stupid puns , and repetitive jokes which get annoying , because people seem to absolutely love it . 
  `` insert player is out for 3 years due to pedophilia conviction . '', 
  matt ryan , come on down . 
  next week at the earliest , seems like . 
  be surprised if he goes . 
  just seems to me that the owners are desperate not to have to look for another manager . 
  if rodgers goes , it 'll be three years , and a heck of a load of money possibly wasted , and they 'll have to start from scratch again . 
  rather than cut their losses , i think they 'll give him longer . 
  he was their guy , they wanted to build for the future and get in a young british manager for the long term . 
  for all their flaws , and there 's many , i think they 're relatively patient . 
  we , as supporters are n't . 
  they 're not as , not sure if it 's the right word , but , * committed * to liverpool as we are . 
  personally , i think it 's time to cut their losses , get someone else in , whilst options are available ( klopp ) , because if rodgers stays and does n't turn it around , he 'll be sacked next year , and i doubt klopp , or someone of his ability is unattached to a club still by then . 
  we all knew they 're a bunch of corrupt fuckers . 
  common knowledge , but evidence has been really scarce . 
  really hope this brings along a change , and some sanity into fifa . 
  he 's great , but goddamn , when will we learn . 
  because we have no one who can cross . 
  we have coutinho who 's been trying all season to play balls onto ( heh ) a quick forward . 
   that is in keeping with rodgers 's belief that his squad is in need of greater experience and, 
  robustness . 
  til clyne counts as experienced ? 
  experienced at midtable , sure . 
  not for where we wan na be . 
  i do like him , but goddamn it 's unimaginative . 
  did n't get a single assist last season . 
  that 's not relevant . 
  clyne has had no assists this season .
