  driving on the left has actually been found to be safer, 
  used to work in a call centre , i got stupidly good at knowing where someone lives based off the first letter or two, 
  he is an immature dick , but that 's kind of the whole point . 
  he 's the epitome of every angsty teenager, 
  belfast ai n't it ? 
  we were n't allowed to serve bt postcodes, 
  urgh , our boss would come in 15 minutes before the end of the shift to make sure no one dodges calls . 
  moving up in the world . 
  used to be trainers over the telephone line, 
  huh , did n't know he had a pub in nyc . 
  he had a restaurant here in liverpool but i think it shut down . 
  fucking hate playing secret pally as control warrior . 
  normally if i drop justicar/brawl i 'll go on and win , but otherwise it 's a fucking pain . 
  what deck are you trying to make ? 
  what class do you like ? 
  varian is not shite . 
  he 's just ... unpredictable . 
  i often drop him as a last resort hoping for ragnaros  belcher  ysera, 
  ... how could someone lose them by chucking them over a telephone wire ? 
  you know a greggs has seen some shit when they have bouncers on a saturday night, 
  tipping point is terrible yet captivating . 
  plus the questions are always piss easy, 
  ah , unfortunately it 's not a popular subreddit :(, 
  we should do a remake https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqotrjvceek, 
  he accepted two , too . 
  dick . 
  damn , had n't watched it yet . 
  i 'm not even american but because this place is mentioned so much on reddit i 've come to remember it . 
  what 's so bad ? 
  i was top in my year at one point purely because i could write quicker . 
  the questions were piss easy , everyone knew them , but i could just do them quicker . 
  `` i better call ned . 
  he has a ladder '', 
  i drive to liverpool every day . 
  ca n't say i 've noticed it anymore than where i live . 
  other than audi drivers , of course . 
  oddly enough , i found jag and white van men to indicate the most ... 
  `` i watched this when i was on holiday with keys , gray , pulis and neville . '', 
  christ , must have been a mental holiday with them lot !, 
  there 's a taxi driver in my town who is ex-gurkha , he 's become a really popular guy who everyone wants when they order a cab , he tells the most amazing stories about his time in the gurkha 's . 
  he 's got a huge scar on his leg , and on his arms . 
  good guys . 
  i 'd argue our team is weaker , but squad is stronger . 
  villa have an option to buy illori , and i do n't think yesil is the answer . 
  looked good at one point , but two serious injuries takes it toll . 
  done it to sterling too when jamaica wanted him, 
  they need a new stadium quite badly , goodison is kind of falling apart , think itll put off a lot of investors, 
  looking forward to seeing milner out wide, 
  milner already looks loads better now he 's not in the middle, 
  bollocks , so close . 
  five minute klopp watch ? 
  turns out milner 's not playing much better now he 's out wide . 
  no one else can take them . 
  he has the same issue as coutinho , can barely beat the first man . 
  lallana should have just shot there instead of running to the corner flag . 
  milner 's got to have a better touch than that . 
  because he 's black and belgian ? 
  his yellow was never a yellow . 
  `` joe allen provide attacking impotence '', 
  errr ... 
  it 's horrible in london . 
  rest of the country is n't half as bad , but still not great . 
  you do see it in cheap control warrior decks though to be fair . 
  being john malkovich , really great . 
  love me some 90 's cusack . 
  no , it would be . 
  they 'd know if they ever returned to turin in any capacity they 'd be attacked . 
  actually forgot about poulsen , you 're right, 
  half life is a great game . 
  the story is average . 
  i got a small splash on my arm , fucking agony . 
  completely dependent on culture . 
  here in the uk a lot of people tend to live with their parents for longer , but over in america it seems much more common to move out at 22ish, 
  every time i see him it looks like he 's wearing eye liner, 
  i love it when people have a wildcard in their deck like nozdormu . 
  it 's obviously not great , and is a bit of a joke card , but it 's great fun, 
  he 's honestly been poor all season . 
  i still think he 'll come good , but he has got to improve . 
  we were n't allowed to do that in mcdonalds , though we were allowed to eat as much leftover food as we wanted . 
  would be great if we could get a doggy bag and bring it home, 
  yeah , he 's a great guy . 
  once we kind of forced him out , he said the only team he wanted to join was your lot . 
  it 'd rekindle the rivalries , but it 'd be hilarious because they 'd get dicked every week, 
  they do n't even have good prices or sales, 
  as much as i love paul simon , he wo n't be remembered that much . 
  25 bag ? 
  not heard of such a thing !, 
  either 10 or 20 here, 
  ah , might be the same here now then , not bought any for ~ 2 years . 
  my mate i used to buy from got a job and became a contributing member of society . 
  the shithead . 
  beat the england match in ratings once , heh, 
  not just that , he called it an ` easy save ' . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqz1ee2nhoe ) is not an easy save . 
  i like cyclists having lights , but when they flash it 's bloody annoying . 
  there 's surely a reason car 's lights only flash from hazards . 
  it 's become pretty popular on reddit . 
  loads of my friends , and i watched it on release , but over the last year it always seem to pop up at the top of ` underrated ' tv shows on here, 
  as long as you do n't comment . 
  those comments are hilarious .
