  if you 've had that , you 'd change your tune quickly . 
  simon amstell is my favourite . 
  i went to sixth form in st helens ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  dae no last airbender movie dae no dragonball evolution movie dae dae, 
  he really , really can . 
  but as the season went on , he just barely even tried to cross it any more for whatever reason . 
  maybe it 's because sterling was a striker , maybe it 's because of a change in formation , but he just stopped . 
  but he really can cross it . 
  that 's what is odd . 
  go to liverpool , it 's a lot closer to 50/50 red/blue , same in manchester . 
  outside though , us and united have far bigger followings, 
  90 % then , or 80 , idk , but most folks do n't drink ` good ' beer, 
  stop stalking me-i mean err , yeah . 
  hot tub time machine, 
  yeah it does seem a bit odd . 
  first league win for chelsea in a couple of years this year , yet he included them , but not united and maybe even city ? 
  well dortmund are n't in the champions league , soo ... 
  you have no idea about if dortmund will bounce back . 
  reddit 's hivemind seems to have changed re ; lost 's finale . 
  think you 're in company !, 
  depends on what type of midfield hodgson wants . 
  if he wants a constant high press , lallana would work really well . 
  subredditdrama , srs , and srsucks are all pretty big subs . 
  that 'd cause shit huh, 
  dae no last airbender movie dae, 
   rodgers has n't exactly been able to get the best out of balotelli . 
  got the absolute best out of suarez to be fair . 
  he was good under dalglish , but under rodgers he really was something else . 
  top four 's the target . 
  whether it 's likely or not , he 'll be off if we do n't get it again this year . 
  so what ? 
  we constantly hear about this . 
  `` for people from the north of ireland such as myself , and specifically those in derry , scene of the 1972 bloody sunday massacre , the poppy has come to mean something very different , '', 
  you would n't hate him if he joined united . 
  you 'd pity him after a while . 
  the main thing i want more from him are better performances in the big games . 
  that 's what 's lacking for me , for hendo . 
  closest thing to france/spain we 'll get is norway . 
  maybe another valerenga match, 
  i can only think of crouch ? 
  to be fair to him , he 's always scored goals . 
  he 's only been pro for a few years , really , and he 's always scored . 
  because it 's a muslim-only-city right ? 
  people were cunts when i was driving in a small town in cheshire . 
  ca n't imagine learning to drive in any city centre . 
  it 's all about krychowiak, 
  yes i did need to google him to make sure i could spell his name , but he 's really good . 
  [ that ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/11353522/fox-news-apologises-for-birmingham-muslim-comment.html ), 
  free glue !, 
  i was hoping it would be cheap/lesser known players, 
  really wanted us to get him instead of bogdan . 
  would have suited us really well . 
  shame, 
  always got soldado, 
  could be true , but i think he would have suited spurs quite well to be honest . 
  good presser, 
  think origi will start often out wide to be fair, 
  exactly what i meant . 
  mignolet is a good shot stopper but his distribution is terrible . 
  or maybe i was just spoilt with reina , who 's delivery was always great . 
  he peaked quite young , really . 
  by 2007-ish time , he was on the decline . 
  if he 'd have kept it up , he 'd probably be mentioned more . 
  especially for someone who is actually a really good player , too . 
  shit post . 
  are you fm-base nick ? 
  that 'll make them better but you ca n't predict something so far in the future . 
  lots can happen . 
  it 'll move on eventually again . 
  then come full circle ... again ... 
  yeah , school was good fun . 
  my year did n't have any trouble once we got to like 13/14 y.o , we all pretty much got along , fun times . 
  we 're also more likely to be schizophrenics and paedophiles iirc, 
  we 'll finish fifth . 
  benteke will get decent amount of goals , but not enough to get us fourth . 
  why bother compare a centre mid to a cam/shadow striker ? 
  exactly what rodgers wants in a keeper . 
  very odd , we got bogdan instead ... 
  one good game is n't enough to go off , we 've made a lot of signings in the past after they 've had one good game against us, 
  christ , even the worst attended clubs will max that out in a day, 
  shit that , reckon they 'll bring it back for season after, 
  whenever it 's mentioned , the same thing happens , talking about how reznor said he prefers cash 's version and the whole thread turns into the same posts . 
  it 's because we just barely ever need it . 
  a week or two a year it 's really warm . 
  not enough to justify good air con . 
  we do n't even have it in our house , do n't think anyone does . 
  i 'd say that 's about average here in the uk for a full time employee, 
  are n't japanese supposed to be ridiculously hard working, 
  it is . 
  if you say ` oh i 'm really intelligent , more than average , i just procrastinate too much ' . 
  i hate to break it to you , but you 're probably not , and you 're certainly not special . 
  the fucking music on montage videos . 
  if i was a footballer i 'd permanently have a room at the adelphi even after i 'd found a house . 
  my mate refuses to go , always says it 's haunted, 
  ibe rather not take part in this . 
  honestly i 'd not been in years until , funnily enough , last night . 
  really is n't as nice as i remember it being ... lobby 's nice , but the rooms are shocking . 
  meh , no one 's expecting a huge deal to be honest . 
  i would n't be surprised , plenty of top gear is scripted . 
  i love the show , but sometimes it 's beyond obvious .
