  tell your mate the mvp itaste is brilliant if you 're heavy handed , the thing 's built like a brick, 
  hope it 's google translated . 
  be so much fun to read, 
  since i 've had the mvp i 've only needed to update my chamber every so often , it 's not pretty , but it lasts like a brick . 
  has a little info screen , says how many puffs you 've had , you can up the power etc , what is cool is i can charge my phone up through my mvp, 
  what about robin ? 
  i felt so dirty going to a cantonese restaurant on saturday , i needed a shower afterwards . 
  risking my cismale privilege has never been so exhilarating, 
  upgraded pistol was brilliant , get that , it 'll give you loads of gear then upgrade your main weapon and you 'll destroy them, 
  upgraded pistol was brilliant , get that , it 'll give you loads of gear then upgrade your main weapon and you 'll destroy them, 
  the battery in the mvp is so big i can charge my phone up through it , i use it constantly and only have to charge it like every fortnight, 
  agreed , i remember seeing the ` sneijder to man utd ' rumours , and i was so glad it did n't come off . 
  looking at where he 's gone now . . 
  cillian murphy . 
  kevin spacey . 
  have a soft spot for john cusack too . 
  then maybe leo dicaprio but that 's a boring choice, 
  possibly , but it 's some good praise to call him the best african footballer in the world . 
  that 's over a billion people, 
  same for me , by the time i chucked it in , had a piss , and went back to it it was done . 
  107 minutes ? 
  mate , mine 's telling me it 'll take 55 hours ... 
  been trying , no luck so far . 
  think i 've goosed it, 
  tried it , no luck , i 'll have to try it again later when i get it out the freezer, 
  cole and gallas ? 
  doubt liverpool are interested still, 
  i broke the habit when i left school , and had no one to play against anymore . 
  i 'm thankful, 
  i 'd rather the throw-in system change back . 
  nothing more frustrating than watching a player run 50 yards to retrieve a ball , with the clock still ticking . 
  united are targetting better quality of players than we are . 
  ( based off the legit rumours i.e echo/torygraph ), 
  same here in england . 
  jager does things to me that i 'm not proud of . 
  this is the best one . 
  bought about 30 + last week . 
  bit disappointed . 
  i do n't know much about the new mode , but in the wc2010 game you could call up players not in the final squad iirc, 
  only if you want me to collapse on you and projectile vomit on you, 
  it 's frustrating as they 're leader is actually a very good speaker , and destroyed nick clegg in a debate . 
  i bloody forgot to register in time , did n't i. 
  stupid me . 
  greens would have had my vote . 
  2 or 10 pints and i 'm fine . 
  jager takes me to a place i do n't want to go to again . 
  i got about five on ` star wars actors ' once . 
  cv worthy also . 
  rakitic 's shot is brilliant too, 
  never tried it personally , but i 've been meaning to try out lukaku and mirallas . 
  shame * evolution 's * not on netflix . 
  [ excellent ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykuob8mn4kc ), 
  it 's not that the ending was bad , just the previous four or so season were so gash it was redundant how it ended . 
  chamakh and bendtner up top . 
  like 2009 all over, 
  to add to this , they 're the party the xenophobic horrible bastards vote for , majorily . 
  they have a strong public leader . 
  however , i can almost guarantee almost all of ukipers do n't know anything about ukip 's other policies , they just do n't like foreigners . 
  most important signing of the season . 
  now give him some # # # to spend, 
  yup , he wanted to join too . 
  but we wanted a british manager ... 
  iirc he speaks english , he just does n't want to , to the press, 
  it 's funny because for a second i forgot if you were a newcastle , wba , or liverpool fan . 
  then i read your username . 
  so many teams, 
  to be fair , reading that post made me belly laugh, 
  [ definitely ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/life.gif ), 
  i would actually love that . 
  and then qpr to buy him for big bucks, 
  ca n't wait to watch croatia . 
  modric and rakitic , with mandzukic up top . 
  most players who sign * before * the world cup . 
  agreed . 
  he done well at stoke , considering they paid 10 odd mil for wilson bloody palacios and 10 mil for crouch etc , 7 mil 's a fair price . 
  working in a call centre , i completely sympathise . 
  being forced to be pleasant to someone who is a massive cunt is such a pain . 
  if he wants to go play in the europa league trying to get soldado to score , go for it . 
  hope qpr sign him , just so ` arry has to say his name in interviews . 
  how do you feel on it if you follow the serie a ? 
  is cuardado still co-owned ? 
  they 'll have a new owner soon , i do quite like villa , i 'd prefer them to be challenging the top teams rather than everton or spurs . 
   pretty cool crest and kit, 
  personally i think he 's a decent little player , he goes missing sometimes , sure , that 's why he wo n't stay with us . 
  but i would think of 5/6 million as a good deal . 
  pretty much . 
  he 's not going to blow anyone away , he gets the work done , and does it well . 
  does n't complain , decent signing . 
  i thought parr was a decent player . 
  three at the back it is !, 
  olsson 's a thug and a bellend , but he 's a damn good defender . 
  does that move have any definite water behind it ? 
  shawshank redemption . 
  good movie , i did enjoy it . 
  but people have a larger than life complex on it that i just do n't get . 
  never seen it , is it good in the ` bad way ' or is it an actual good movie ? 
  depends , really . 
  juve do n't have fullbacks , just three centre halves . 
  they 'll have two wingers , but i would n't call them full backs, 
  grosse point blank .
