  gerrard 's more of a centre back . 
  he passes it well though , he just does n't look like he should be able to, 
  the liverpool circlejerk is not as bad as the anti-liverpool circlejerk . 
  we might win the league for the first time in 25 or so years , believe it or not , liverpool fans are enjoying this therefore fuck liverpool u cocky cocks dae antilipool, 
  he meant the norwich fans . 
  not every opposition claps . 
  you 'd expect so , but i think a few set of clubs would n't , not going to name names because it 'll end up in a huge flame war either way, 
  i 'm from somewhere where we do n't have proms , nevermind prom themes , but that sounds cool, 
  thought he went on too far then !, 
  rather him not be beautiful and good rather than beautiful and shite, 
  giroud is a good player , he 's just struggling being the only striker arsenal have . 
  do n't go then ? 
  altidore if he could play football, 
  network . 
  been meaning to see it for years , but finally got around to it on blu-ray . 
  it 's everything i expected and more , as relevant now as ever . 
  sidney lumet smashed it again . 
  kids is messed up , but i quite enjoyed it . 
  mental , messed up movie and i 'm not sure what the meaning behind it was, 
  he 's been good , no doubt , but he should n't be top . 
  no way . 
  marc wilson 's a solid player too, 
  shaw and lallana will stay , if they 're to get rid of anyone it 'll be possibly the older players like boruc and fonte, 
  a decent back up keeper would be nice , but brad jones is n't awful , hope we only sign another if the wage is low and brad moves on, 
  sagna 's been heavily rumoured to us . 
  ca n't see it happening though , but there seems some definite interest, 
  it 's difficult to accept , when based off this season sterling has been a lot better than januzaj . 
  sterling 's had more time in the first team , and i 'm not even saying sterling should be ` number one youngster in the world ' , as there 's probably better , but it 's not januzaj . 
  ynwa moyesie , thanks for everything . 
  klopp wo n't leave to join united , i 'd imagine giggs will be caretaker , if he does okay he might get a 12 month contract, 
  i just ca n't see klopp leaving to anybody . 
  barca , madrid , united , anyone . 
  he 's someone to trust at his word, 
  organised , yes . 
  i think if he wanted to , he could get england to be a brilliant counter attacking team . 
  get sterling , and walcott if he 's fit , sturridge and rooney , with gerrard spraying crossfield balls on the counter . 
  fuck yeah , we have war spiders, 
  the coming of age movie . 
  it 's such a brilliant , happy film . 
  mitch 's actor though ? 
  no thanks, 
  mascherano for me . 
  broke my heart . 
  celebrating ? 
  not really to the point where we think we 're champions already , we 're somewhat confident because of the position we 're in . 
  11 wins on the trot , 5 points clear with 3 games to go , there 's still three cup finals left, 
  god forbid a team who have been shite for ages actually celebrate their team doing well ? 
  by ages , i mean in the league for five years , and have n't won it in over 20, 
  exactly , since then . 
  agreed , just worry he might be a bit too old for us to pay a premium to get him . 
  if no hope with him , i 'd love for us to at least try for griezmann and cuardado, 
  to be fair , schwarzer 's a damn good back up, 
  he 's a goalie , think he 'd cost 10 million max . 
  does your town have a local rugby league or union side ? 
  if it 's union you 're almost certainly southern . 
  his accent in green street is atrocious . 
  funnily enough , he 's playing a character in the same country of his real accent , and fucks it up, 
  rodgers seems to have a long lasting desire for him, 
  i know worms do too , but i always just attributed that to the soil becoming soft through rain , meaning worms can move quicker . 
  is this the same for snails ? 
  alternatively , why are snails only ever really visible when it is raining ? 
  i barely see snails anywhere else . 
  if we win the league , i 'll have more than one footlong, 
  he 's apparently going on 100k p/w , and for a 30 million signing , there 's 0 chance he 'd go back on loan to you 's, 
  nah pal , from whiston , england . 
  anti circlejerk 's are usually as annoying as the circlejerk itself, 
  think it is you know , i work with an irish girl who constantly says ` yous ` ens ', 
  walrus against the krakens of greyjoy ? 
  bring it . 
  ah , a slightly relevant post . 
  been hoping the ost would be released on cd , but i have n't been able to find it yet . 
  to be fair though , i think their casting job was done really well . 
  on the crusader kings mod iirc he 's listed as gay, 
  `` a man should never refuse to taste a peach . 
  he may never get the chance again . 
  life is short stannis . 
  remember what the starks say . 
  winter is coming . '', 
  i want val to appear, 
  think they were trying to make her seduction of him throughout the show , to create a bit more story for her, 
  bet ian glen 's pissed . 
  like mike . 
  boy it 's a piece of trash , too . 
  needed a danny dyer type of guy for that role . 
  still loved the film though . 
  one of the types of posts that annoy me is just people posting merchandise or something like that . 
  you got a scarf ? 
  sweet . 
  well bloody done . 
  i was very glad when i found that subreddit that it is n't some sort of ` one yes means its not raepp ' edgy subreddit, 
  it 's annoying though , it seems i 'm always the person who played like bayern tonight . 
  but i normally end up losing like 4-2 because i destroy the high pressure and team pressing options, 
  ... how do you know this is the side to start ? 
  few teams have done this iirc . 
  we had a few of the spanish guys do this in the past when half our team were spanish . 
  alaba , lahm , alba , i 'm quite a fan of ricardo rodriguez also . 
  yep , just like podolski and klose . 
  he played at left back for standard against liverpool few years back . 
  missed a penalty too . 
  fred everiss was wba manager for 46 years .
