  happened when i ordered my new laptop , nearly fucked me over, 
  same for alcohol . 
  heck , there 's alcohol in mouth wash too . 
  let 's ban mouth wash . and larger shandy , fuck larger shandy . 
  damn son next thing games and movies will be banned too . 
  just ban happiness and fun whilst you 're at it . 
   happiness and fun are definitely beneficial, 
  like the happiness many get from alcohol ? 
  widnes here !, 
  no problems from me , would n't dare to cross * there * . 
  this is getting odder and odder now , since i live about 10 seconds from the train station, 
  one of the best films i never really understood, 
  i thought this a bit unlikely , seems to be some more of the men would have recognised him . 
  he 's a bit of a war hero , especially with all the people who used to be on his side . 
  i live near the park , i 'll shout now . 
  two weeks away , well three technically, 
  why are you all so vain to post pictures of yourself on every selfie thread ? 
  seriously there 's only about 5 of you who actually post them but it 's constantly, 
  vidic is 32 , and ferdinand is 35 . 
  they can only place once a week , but that 's not too bad , but they still pick up plenty of injuries . 
  de gea 's quality , but he 's not exactly god like yet . 
  his kicking still looks iffy . 
  full backs ? 
  is great options having to play valencia in that position on sunday ? 
  midfield is hardly great , they still massively lack a creative player . 
  fellaini 's good obviously , but he 's not going to dictate games and shed balls through to van persie . 
  valencia was n't very good last season as he was the one before , nani 's incredibly inconsistent , kagawa ca n't seem to play in his natural position with rooney in the side, 
  obviously a very good squad , but chelsea and city have better ones . 
  the typical ones talked about for england are ; southampton , crewe , west ham . 
  i 'd like to say liverpool have done quite well , and arsenal too . 
  ajax , feyenoord , barca , psv , sao paulo , and sporting lisbon . 
  i loved it . 
  got like 40 hours out of it , my main problem is it dragged on a bit too long . 
  soundtrack and artstyle was beautiful , ai was a bit stupid but nothing too bad . 
  is n't he the guy who 's parents are rich or something and he just sponges off them , eating brocolli and shouting at people and angsting on tumblr . 
  actually i think i just described 99 % of tumblr, 
  `` noseless and handless , the lannister boys . '', 
  made me laugh when i read it, 
  the terror by dan simmons , is what i 'm reading . 
  it 's a bit of a horror one , might want to look into . 
  if you mean him infront of jelavic in the starting order , then yes . 
  jelavic has n't half self destructed, 
  this does n't sting that much though . 
  losing xabi was huge , but he was always going to go that summer . 
  the year before he 'd been a bit shit , so we tried to sign barry to replace him , that did n't work out , so we kept him . 
  that ' 08/09 season xabi was just amazing , every match . 
  he made every attack that season , and the main reason we came to a whiskers of winning the league . 
  he gave us an amazing year , then we got 30 million from him , just a shame we replaced him how we did . 
  mascha was just as big a loss , and we only got about 20 million for him too , which sucked arse . 
  [ asos part 2/season 4 spoilers ] ( #b `` really hope they make the battle as epic as it is in the book , oberyn is a badass '' ), 
  itt ; people disagreeing with other people , and claiming to be correct . 
  it 's all subjective , folks . 
  did he do his usual ` oh i am so upper class ' routine ? 
  and pot, 
  i seen one with a cigar recently . 
  that was odd . 
  annoying thing is he 's actually quite talented , but suffers from ` barton syndrome ', 
  blackfish , greatjon and the bwb to fuck the freys . 
  stannis after twatting bolton , to rally the north and the riverlands with a new found eyrie leader harry and sansa , and to twat the lannisters . 
  meanwhile , dany will finally go to westeros , but aegon and her will war , and aegon wins , though is banished/killed by the new king stannis . 
  edmure becomes lord of the riverlands again , rickon the lord of winterfell . 
  jaimie , though leaves the kingsguard and does n't fight . 
  for this he 's made lord of casterly rock . 
  my wet dream , preferable ending . 
  as opposed to the arc of the covenants and the holy grail ? 
  iirc it happened because they ran out of money and had to end it like that . 
  should be a duck call in your mouth . 
  / r/duckdynasty, 
  yup . 
  think it was the first episode of season 3, 
  bit of a bad picture , but i 'm with you brutha, 
  im the guy in my friendship group who is only ever a last thought , if someone else does n't want to go . 
  then they 'll turn to me . 
  so yes . 
  orcs must die is good fun . 
  it 's wave based . 
  i hear there 's a second one too . 
  a lot of places that have the euro pay a lot for games , but here in the uk we do n't really pay extortionate prices . 
  pikmin 3 was # 30 etc. 
  it 's just wwhd that seems to be costing loads . 
  i 'm just not used to paying that much for a game since i swapped from xbox to wii u, 
  you just summed up well the difference between us and british shows . 
  it 's all subjective . 
  personally , i 've always enjoyed it more than i have breaking bad . 
  cumberbatch is good in it . 
  but he 's not a sherlock . 
  he 's too likeable . 
  itt ; people disagreeing with imdb 's user ratings selection and preference . 
  if you mean 50 $ , here in england we 're paying # 45 for it which is the equivilant of 70 $, 
  unless they 're northern . 
  plus he might have just meant it 's like that in the uk , too . 
  it was so annoying when they moaned about marking books or exams or something . 
  what did you expect ?!, 
  it 's your job ? 
  trainspotting with ewan mcgregor . 
  juno with ellen page and michael cera . 
  requiem for a dream with that wayan brother and that other bloke . 
  but they 're all pretty famous/obvious, 
  american beauty ? 
  robb and/or ned .
