  sahin was the oddest , though . 
  he was so good , but just did n't fit in here at all . 
  never seemed to be fit . 
  this is the first fifa in a few years i 've not been able to really get into . 
  i can see actual effort put into this game from ea sports , but it 's too annoying seeing strikers run away from my defenders , then my defenders run into each other and fall over . 
  oddly , when i was 240 i sweated like a pig . 
  now i 've dropped 35/40 pounds i barely sweat anymore . 
  does n't macfarlane want to end family guy , though ? 
  sure i read that somewhere . 
  i dunno man , watching him in 2006/7 he just was n't too great even when be was playing, 
  i 'm from liverpool , its a pretty high pitched accent most of the time , making me sound younger , and i 'm only 19 !, 
  it 's not an original , it 's on the beeb . 
  and it 's also pretty great . 
  my dad used to have a fuel card too years ago . 
  my dad , my mum or anyone in my immediate family did n't pay for fuel for about five years . 
  mid 20 's , male , large film buff , but not to the point where you ca n't watch a terrible movie and still enjoy it . 
  big fan of visually moving movies rather than narrative . 
  more concerned with the art and cinematography of the movie , rather than anything else . 
  we 've been so bad this season . 
  nothing to us anymore . 
  do n't feel confident in us scoring , or defending . 
  it 's horrible . 
  they 're good , but we 've not turned up . 
  again . 
  now if only he 'd make runs ... 
  i can take not scoring , but we 're not even playing decent . 
  we 're pinning all hopes on sturridge , but our problems go much deeper than that . 
  usual defending from corners . 
  good corner routine , lads . 
  but we 're struggling in the league too , not just europe . 
  anyway , basel have a new manager , and is apparently rotating an awful lot . 
  balotelli 's going for the papiss cisse offside record . 
  i was hooked on twin peaks in an hour . 
  jesus that first season was so good . 
  i have really high hopes for origi . 
  bit gutted we had to loan him back out , he would have been good to have right now . 
  same for can , shame he 's injured . 
   rodgers not the genius he 's panned out to be, 
  football 's a fickle game . . 
  we ca n't expect lambert to do well when he comes on for five minutes when we 're losing, 
  you know it 's a bad night when you go on reddit . 
  grosse pointe blank . 
  [ alonso from the halfway line vs newcastle probably . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvwq15trcco ), 
  we had someone come to the front gate , unhappy , and refuse to leave or let anyone leave , so they called the police on him . 
  also someone said he was going to kill himself on the phone to one of my former colleagues , so i think they called the police about that . 
  and the funniest one by far , was getting david cameron to send in a threatening letter . 
  quite an eventful call centre, 
  `` why have you called me , i did n't give you permission to ! '', 
  yes you did ma'am , you made an application with us , we need to finalise it you whore, 
  i once left someone on hold for 20 minutes because she wanted to speak to a manager , after going through the usual `` there 's no on here '' she said she 'll wait , then started asking weird questions , so i put her on hold , went to another pc and booted it up and took calls ... 
  hmm , here in england , i do n't think many pubs are sponsored by particular brands . 
  i may go the pub later and see what reaction i get . 
  i done this with cached . 
  just click the cache button , boom you 're in . 
  dribbling through the entire team on kick off ? 
  [ delivered ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/talesfromcallcenters/comments/2fuotr/i_once_had_my_former_mp_on_the_phone_complaining/ ), 
  yeah haha , it was so funny reading all the notes on that client . 
  so much thinly veined insults and threats going back and forth through email, 
  one of the perks of working in a small call centre , where the boss is n't arsed, 
  this thread seems as good as any to ask , i 'm doing my test soon . 
  i 've found a lovely car , but it almost seems too good to be true ... how does one check this car out to see if it 's fucked ? 
   weird ass accents, 
  good old brummy accents, 
  `` and next up is kate mccann , famous of course for child neglect '', 
  apprenticeship in being a chimney sweep available . 
  # 2.50 p/h, 
  you have a pretty fucking good idea when you 're 14 , though . 
  you 'll definitely have signs or thoughts at that age even if you 're not sure about it . 
  you 'd only ` come out ' if your ' e pretty much certain . 
  i really could n't remember anything that happened last season , based off how much i understood of this episode . 
  i mean , i do n't like/watch family guy , but `` it does n't matter that these ass backwards lessons are being told in the form of jokes , they 're still normalizing and enforcing ideas that need to stop . '', 
  he/she/it / schlee/smee / really needs to simmer down . 
  refusing to allow people to vote is admitting they 're not part of society , refusing them to own a gun is not , it 's just that they could be a hazard to themselves and others . 
  exactly . 
  not everyone is entitled to everything . 
  if i have a poor credit rating , and could n't get a loan , i would n't claim discrimination and say they were breaking the law , or taking me out of society . 
  it 'd be my fault , for being reckless with credit in the past . 
  oh no i think everyone has the right to vote , it 's what being a citizen of that country is about . 
   double fisting, 
  sounds painful, 
  i posted it because i found the last comment bizzare and very ` tumblr, 
  on second thought , i really hope this happens now, 
  the untouchables . 
  i 'm english , my view is that pedophilia is something which will never go away . 
  as bad as it sounds , it 's just what some people are into . 
  in my opinion there 's a huge difference between being a pedophile , and acting on those thoughts . 
  if someone does something to a child like that , then they deserve the full extent of the law , however there should be anonymous help for those afflicted , and not wanting to act on it . 
  can we watch the match first and see how it goes on before judging ? 
  coutinho is so frustrating . 
  absolutely wonderful goal . 
  he 's impressed me these last few matches . 
  not just got good feet , but has a great work ethic, 
  he tries to do too much , too often . 
  gerrard in those last 20 minutes was great , we should think of playing him there more often . 
  decent result , berahino is a heck of a player . 
  but his pen was definitely outside the box . 
  yeah he definitely looked better when he came on . 
  encouraging . 
  get him back to his former self , he 's a new signing .
