  black captain america looks wonderful i must say ( bottom left by the way ), 
  he played a few on the wing before he left , sort of how he moved kuyt out wide during a baron spell . 
  glad we sold him when we did though , managed to recoup a lot of our money . 
  deja entendu by brand new i 'd say . 
  he was one of those people who was linked with us every window for about 5 years , like simao . 
  try something like drysol for your underarms , sorts it right out . 
  apply it every night before bed until you stop sweating from there , then just apply it every week or two, 
  did you keep applying it for a few night ? 
  someone 's started at my college this year , and in the space of the week he 's worn a rage t-shirt every day . 
  took about 4/5 times until i properly felt it . 
  just try hold it in longer, 
  ` happiness ' , ` dazed and confused ' , ` in bruges ' , ` hot fuzz ' , are a few to name . 
  literally this gem, 
  because you 're white, 
  edit-downvotes really ?? 
  why are you such an idiot [ f ] or not being a superior atheist ??? 
  just type r / [ insert subreddit here ] to do it bro . 
  requiem for a dream, 
  lest we forget this one !, 
   she licks her nipples in your presence . 
  but ... but how do i know if she licks her nipples in my presence , or she just does it anyway ?!, 
  please tell me, 
  tell bob he 's a lucky guy to have a head that supports hats . 
  i wish i could wear hats :(, 
  the godfather part ii . 
  i really enjoyed the first one , but i 'm not really ever in the mood for a three odd hour film . 
  the big lebowski too . 
  i respect your opinion , but i adore that film so much !, 
  it 's so funny in my opinion, 
  eek , i really enjoyed this , i 'll admit it . 
  seems to be a marmite film , but i really just found it atrocious . 
  session 9 , mean girls and hot tub time machine . 
  you cool man ? 
  luckily when i get up , about 6:45 it 's quite bright . 
  however it 's an awful day out , so it may 's well be dark . 
  scott pilgrim ends so cutely , it 's quite depressing . 
  great film though !, 
  and lots of hatred towards the government and their destruction of the nhs, 
  national health service, 
  just started my a2 year . 
  today , i played my gameboy for three hours , watched a film , had an actual lesson then watched someone get a condom put over his head whilst playing magic tcg . 
  i * love * college . 
  sterling was called up to try tie him down to england . 
  he was n't played , but i guess it shows that he 's popular with the management and he should choose england . 
  if they do take your breadsticks , you have his number surely ? 
  i 'd fuck him up . 
  no one messes with pthaos ' breadsticks . 
  god i love reddit sometimes . 
  we have no cake days :(, 
  seriously , `` always the victim , never your fault '' chants ? 
  * seriously * ... sigh . 
  there are some cunts in this world . 
  it 's basically saying that hillsborough was the fault of liverpool fans . 
  words fail me . 
  is your university in the north or the south ? 
  when i start next year , i 'm purposely staying up here . 
  hey i just met you, 
  but it 's almost always unsold and hidden , at least where i look . 
  i actually seen someone go into one which sells it , and complain to the security guard about it, 
  you might want to change your flair to your * real * club mate . 
  the findings found him not racist , and evra said he did n't believe him to be racist . 
  i enjoyed seasons 1,2,3 . 
  4 was a bit shit , but 5 was decent . 
  it 's ... better than 4 , but worse than 1,2,3 . 
  starts way too slowly , but the last few episodes are worth it !, 
  scum of the earth . 
  as someone with a nervous bladder , it makes it all the worse . 
  the black gestapo, 
  god bless qi . 
  i once seen a post on reddit where the dog was called ` biscuit washington ' . 
  i now want a dog named that . 
  mine was jurassic park 2 . 
  i fell asleep . 
  look at the rest of his yellows this year , they 've all been a bit soft if i remember correctly . 
  where i live , it 's * completely * different to this subreddit , it 's the norm to drink , occasionally smoke , and have sex . 
  i think the reason this subreddit is so like the polar opposite , is because generally redditors are the more intellectual , ` uptight ' etc teens . 
  * this is england * . 
  i think it might make a few people less racy . 
  i agree . 
  but do you ever see the more intellectual people of the world constantly drinking , smoking , etc ? 
  noep . 
  i am proud of my brethren right now . 
  people seem confused i do n't wear a flatcap and am not on benefits when i go there . 
  i stopped going down south . 
  and then you go out of business , thus losing your job . 
  / comment, 
  i 'm a student :p, 
  that 's more like it !, 
  hunger games . 
  ` it 's just a western tweeny battle royale ' , nope , upon watching it i really enjoyed it . 
  you * bastard * !, 
  brunch ?!, 
  no , no no !, 
  we do not have brunch my friend, 
  you should have got up , if she sits down , then stay stood up . 
  if not , then just get off the bus and walk it to avoid embarrassment, 
   basically - kids are tested for various attributes key to different jobs at an early age and then streamed into various schools depending on what attributes they show . 
  if they show above-average strength , they 're streamed into sports schools . 
  genius intellect - science/math schools etc. 
  as someone in the top 0.1 % of the population in terms of intelligence , i prefer streamed classes and i do n't like all-ability classes .
