  ( note : am english ), 
  i too am reading the compendium recently , about 6/10 way through it . 
  any scene with glenn 's baldy head is my favourite . 
  28 days later , this is england , goldfinger , i dunno you know . 
  there are so many !, 
  i love hearing the calls which usually go like ;, 
  hello ? 
  english , why ? 
  yeah , haha, 
  okay i 'll pick it up off you later, 
  see ya , mate, 
  to look up and see everyone in the class staring at them . 
  content posted does n't dictate age . 
  people mature at different ages , there are plenty of fuckwit adults and smart children out there . 
  generalising at its best . 
  things like this really want me to play it but the learning curve . . 
  there are less than 2000 panda 's out there :(, 
  britain has the largest variation of accent per mile than any place in the world . 
  so , you 're not narrowing it down dude ... 
  my accent is horrific , it 's like a northern slightly scouse hybrid . 
  scouse = http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohfiaof8gec, 
   pouring rain, 
  definitely britain . 
  newsflash : much more commonly in britain than australia . 
  ah fair enough . 
  though , we say ` pissing down ' here too :p, 
  shake weight . 
  this is cute, 
  it 's not often someone says that !, 
  just in case there is any confusion over the chants :p, 
  about 15 hours in . 
  i 'm not usually one for such games , but with this being a studio ghilbi production i felt the temptation to buy it . 
  so far i 'm enjoying it , but it has n't quite gripped me yet . 
  i 've had it for a week and a half , and i 'm not really that far through . 
  the ai system is woeful though . 
  i constantly am left as the only one alive . 
  aye , that 's what i meant , about them doing the art , not production , my mistake . 
  i 'm from widnes :(, 
  the only thing worse than the aves are the people from the aves . 
  it 's all happening in hough green ... 
  it 's funny , because someone makes this exact post and it gets upvoted to fuck, 
  no patience from people in sport . 
  gosh . 
  agreed . 
  seen it twice , still do n't like it . 
  though reddit does n't like us ... 
  stoke have three less points , and are 2 places higher . 
  i think everything in starbucks is fancy talk for ` coffee ', 
  this is not unpopular on / r/unitedkingdom and pretty much everyone i know too, 
  i ca n't see coates being here next season . 
  you can come with me to mine if you like . 
  this could fall into the generic ` it 's possibly schizophrenia ' answer, 
  do you often find small bits of food in it ? 
  he was n't popular or anything , but he was never booed or anything , he was always applauded . 
  still a gobshite though . 
  he never took a pay drop when he went on loan . 
  just , wages were split . 
  depends on context and culture . 
  go to france , they 're much more okay with eating it , same for places all over the place . 
  different culture has different norms . 
  presumably , op is ` murican and thus it is pretty unnormal to eat horses there . 
  if you 're on about the horse scandal in the uk , i think it 's mainly due to false labelling of the product , and packing them full of drugs, 
  someone threatening to downvote anyone who says ` swag ' ? 
  it was fairly recently ;, 
  everytime you wake up in the middle of the night , it 's because someone 's watching you . 
  tell that to gullible people , it 's hilarious, 
  could you not check online , or emails ? 
  a in the exam that counts , c in a resit , c ( one mark off a b  _  ) in some coursework . 
  then a d and a u in general studies , but it 's general studies and does n't count . 
  tense one of your knees , your boner will be gone soon enough, 
  tragus was an odd feeling . 
  like a brief sharp needle being turned in my ear , then it was fine . 
  i was expecting it to be more painful than it actually was, 
  is it the scarecrow one from batman begins, 
  boring day . 
  free in the morning , then busy from 11-4 . 
  done nothing since then other than wallow in self pity . 
  same . 
  we were best friends until 11 , when it became apparent he was a cunt, 
  unfortunately , this is becoming a more and more common occurrence throughout pretty much all working class places in the uk . 
  i 've noticed a lot more graffiti since the recession , and things just being fucking horribly gloomy and dull . 
  i blame ingsoc ( i mean the conservative party ), 
  are these not things outside ` pool ? 
  honestly , it 's a massive stereotype that it 's dodgy , going there , like any place has its good and bad points and places you 'll want to avoid . 
  as mentioned already , the nightlife/culture are terrific , one thing not mentioned ; the locals are generally , lovely people , with a great sense of humour . 
  aye , but i live just outside of liverpool and we have great salt and pepper chicken and that here , too . 
  that 's why your comment confused me !, 
  england , wales , spain , usa , france , and i think that 's it . 
  though , i 've not been out of england in about 4 years . 
  speak for yourself, 
  ** delete them off your facebook then . 
  hope there 's a marcassin flair at some point , mun !, 
  glad for you , my fellow brit !, 
  you lot have the backing of us over here in the uk !, 
  hahaha , arsenal signing a world class player from a big club ? 
  in all things unlikely !, 
  expect a few french players !, 
  he loves liverpool , it 's his home from home , now he 's won la liga , and could potentially win the cl , he might want to return to his spiritual home . 
  not holding my breath , mind . 
  but he is getting on , and madrid might think about getting him off their wages sooner rather than later,
