  i 'm a big fan of mackay , got cardiff promoted , to a league cup final , and even done well in the time in the premier league . 
  it 's a bit of a risk , but i think it 'd pay off for west ham if they give him some money to play with . 
  there 's a lot of worse managers , and teams in the league , and there will be this time next season . 
  enjoying this one, 
  i was surprised how much i did n't mind the bsg finale , after what everyone said about it . 
  i did n't think it was bad , i quite enjoyed it . 
  it was quite a definitive ending compared to most sci-fi shows , the only bit that annoyed me was the starbuck bit . 
  the thing with breaking bad is that the ending was pretty much predictable , a few episodes off . 
  still enjoyed it , do n't get me wrong , but i think everyone knew how it was going to end , so most people wo n't think of it when they 're on about shows with amazing endings like sfu . 
  the use of baby blue was great . 
  superbad, 
  child of light is what i 'm waiting for mostly . 
  it looks so beautiful, 
  european here ( well , england ) , still do n't understand the capital thing ? 
  because of the eu ? 
  yeah , 360 seemed loads more popular last gen , but i know one person with a xbone compared to a lot more ps4 users . 
  think this gen might belong to ps4 here, 
  even when it 's out in the places it 's not out currently , i do n't actually think it 'll have good sales when it is released there though . 
  i think when people from scandanavia and mainland europe do get the xbone released , it 'll have poor sales . 
  i think since the ps4 's been out there for a while now , most ofthem will have just moved over to sony instead of waiting . 
  love bombay bad boys , my noodle of choice . 
  only problem is if you drop it on your chin it frazzles and turns away skin like acid . 
   3 july, 
  also that was on my birthday , so i take full responsibility . 
  still difficult games though . 
  do n't get me wrong , if we land benfica , zenit and another from four i 'd expect us to go through , but it 's not a push over at all . 
   over-rated movie *** ever ***, 
  oh yeah , 7.5 on imdb , shat on constantly by everyone on reddit . 
  totally the most over-rated movie ever ... 
  no one will remember the movie in 3 years . 
  i agree with this , under-whelmed me quite a lot . 
  really good movie , but i think because it 's rated # 1 on imdb , people expect to be blown away by it , so i think it 's suffering from that . 
  awful list . 
  poor grammar , no links to the incidents , and does n't give much details behind any of them . 
  # 1 , he does n't even say who the teams were , or when it was . 
  basically a cracked article from a few month ago, 
  my mam works at asda , she said once two blokes came in , picked up a tv and took it towards the back door . 
  they asked the bloke there to help them to load it , so he did . 
  they literally stole a tv , and had an employee help them load it into their car . 
  must be a very small game download , started it about noon , was done in about 3 minutes, 
  i love them . 
  conquest , bfme1/2 , rotk , and war in the north i adored . 
   most important country, 
  what an elitist attitude . 
  her eyebrows on got are still brown , it just does n't look right . 
  targs are supposed to be blond as sweden . 
  very tough decision for them . 
  both do n't want to be number two , but both more than good enough to be # 1 . 
  i 'd be very surprised if courtois is n't chelsea 's number one this time next year . 
  age would take precedent . 
  hart , johnson , cahill , jagielka , baines ; wilshere , gerrard ; sterling , oxlade - chamberlain ; rooney , sturridge . 
  is my personal pick . 
  i think without wilshere i 'd go for hendo too , at least gerrard and hendo know how to work with each other well . 
  i really like lallana , but i just see him more effective in the centre than out on the wing, 
  think it 's gone from an admiration of klopp and way he manages , to a bit of a love now . 
  the room . 
  the black gestapo . 
  batman and robin, 
  the giant spider invasion, 
  the sun are fascist , the internet is grammar fascist . 
  hiya , liverpool fan here . 
  dad was in hillsborough infact , and luckily got out safe along with my uncle . 
  i see your point , after the spurs/chelsea fa cup semi final when a ridiculous amount of chelsea fans booed during the minutes ' silence , i kind of came to the conclusion fans really ca n't be trusted to respect the dead for a minute or two , and all minutes silence and rememberance should be opt-in , because frankly too many football fans are cunts and would boo . 
  i think if the fa asked arsenal/wigan if it was okay , and they agreed , then fair enough . 
  i think it 's a more important event in english football than you let on , though . 
  not just because of the fans who died , but those who have longlasting psychological damage , the cover up , and the fact it 's only very recently that the truth has came out . 
  i work in a call centre , a lot of the calls actually come from lithuanians . 
  you have a very distinct way of speaking . 
  i ca n't describe it properly , and i hope this does n't offend you but the way a lot of them speak is as if they have a gob stopper in one side of their mouth , and speaking through the other . 
  annoying about fifa is the fact they got rid of head to head, 
  tea tea tea queuing politeness cockney accents, 
  sometimes i just want a random game of fifa where i play as yeovil and play barcelona . 
  in seasons i 'm overly trying to win to go up seasons . 
  some times i just wan na be silly, 
  exactly . 
  fill the team with more quality around the pitch , and a manager who suits his needs , he 's a 30 a season player, 
  if a team get 15 pens in a season , they clearly have amazing attacking quality . 
  no doubt teams with trickier players get more pens, 
  suso will stay . 
  he definitely has a part to play , coutinho wo n't play every game , suso is a very good replacement for him . 
  he 's also very committed to liverpool , is suso . 
  come back to us sammi ... as coach , admittedly . 
  large sausage dinner and large fish and chips , and curry for # 8 . 
  that 's abut our usual, 
  no but seriously i want him to stay at leverkusen and do well for himself . 
  how 's your day been anders ? 
  bought your ps4 yet ? 
  you 've hurt our loved one :(, 
  i think can 's a good little player too, 
  hes such a good guy , loyal , hard working and just a hero all round . 
  shame he wants to be a manager , always a place here for him, 
  ca n't wait for my tax return too , car 's a waiting, 
  liverpool fan here , if we do n't win it , i certainly hope you 's do . 
  ca n't stand chelsea and mourinho , and you 's winning it will annoy united more than chelsea , so it 's all good . 
  gon na be a heck of a game . 
  he wo n't join us as assistant for a while yet , we have pascoe , who 's good mates with rodgers . 
  he 'll get a smaller team in germany or england first, 
  not sure about that , i 'd argue aguero 's a bit more of an all round striker . 
  he gets involved a lot more . 
  torres ' best attributes were his ridiculous finishing skills , his first touch , and his break of pace straight from the go , he used to always beat defenders because his first couple of steps were so quick .
