  this is what he 's lost recently , which is why he 's doing so poorly . 
  he was easily worth it , two years before he did move . 
  at one point he was easily in the top two or three most natural finishers in the world . 
  well because they both played here , i 'd liken him to owen or fowler, 
  he looks like he should n't be able to pass it , but he can . 
  he passes like djimi traore , except he actually can pass it . 
  carroll assaulted him, 
  have fun in the europa league mate . 
  if you make it . 
  never pretty when you play them lot . 
  we won , that 's all we needed . 
  so it 'll basically be two teams passing it , and no one losing the ball ? 
  not trying to be a dick , but i thought this was common knowledge ? 
  how does it taste ? 
  i despise it too . 
  if you wan na make out , do it somewhere else , not in the public . 
  english here , by the way . 
  all supermarkets here are open on sundays , just for shorter hours . 
  my local co-op shop is open until 11 on sundays . 
  all shops in town will usually close about 1/2 . 
  banks are closed on sundays , and only open until noon on saturday . 
  work in prisons , or any of the domestic forces really . 
  did you enjoy it , and get something out of it ? 
  if so , it 's not wasted !, 
  are you in the eu region by any chance ? 
  i 'll play at some point if you are, 
  that and the incessant anti piracy ads are why i avoid it . 
  i 'm at your cinema , stop telling me not to torrent !, 
  added emotion to it for me , how this is basically the song everyone in my family has at their funerals , and my grandad was a huge liverpool fan , unfortunately died in 2004 . 
  when i first seen this video think i sobbed . 
  red dwarf and spaced, 
  basel in switzerland . 
  think he 's moving to gladbach soon though . 
  i actually really like this team , that midfield will never get dominated . 
  personally i 'd drop terry for kompany , and as good as marshall 's been , i 'm not sure, 
  rewind is , yes . 
  it 's also free, 
  doubt it . 
  think it 'll go down to the last day, 
  i have virgin media , which does n't get sky atlantic . 
  i 'd happily buy a hbogo if one was available . 
  ca n't say i ever noticed that , great film though . 
  possibly showing how he 'd rather break before he bends , and wo n't give in to the corrupt side of the police . 
  if it makes you feel any better , ` communion ' will tell you , shotgun or no shotgun , you 're fucked . 
  the super 8 home movies were the scariest part of it , easily . 
  a silent watcher . 
  the dark knight . 
  it 's not going to cost any currency, 
  think he 's the ` typical redditor ' character . 
  most of us would be lying to ourselves if we think we 're closer to oberyn than sam . 
  i got my dad to buy a new four slice toaster , when our old one broke . 
  it 's a life saver . 
  i know this has nothing to do with warburton 's toasties , i just wanted to say four slice toasters are amazing . 
  brilliant film , but one of the commonly posted ones . 
  exactly , whether we win the league this year or not , next season a top four finish and a good cl run would be a great season . 
  we just need to keep building on where we are , and improving our team . 
  i 'd imagine we 'll get borini and suso back , add another winger - konoployanka ? 
  though i 'd hope we 'd look at other options too , like griezmann . 
  another full back , and another centre mid , hopefully one that can score . 
  ca n't see baines or coleman leaving , one of your main problems next year will be how thin your squad is . 
  you 'll obviously strengthen , but as good as distin is , he 's really getting on now . 
  you 'll have to splash out a bit on a striker i 'd imagine . 
  one position you will need someone who 's quality . 
  bony could be alright , but swansea wont want to make a loss on him , so he 'd be pricey, 
  picked the wrong goddamn season to give up my season ticket to my uncle ... 
  not surprised , 10 was really good , and all the actors seem up for it . 
  i 'd hope to see holly come back into it though . 
  ( not at a-level , just gcse ) when i had exams in lab practicals , in year 11 , it was the same . 
  tell us what we 're gon na have to do , practice a few times , then do it , and the teacher marks us anyway so we all got a 's pretty much, 
  think this is more something universities here do , few colleges/sixth forms have scholarships for some people . 
  / r/britishsuccess, 
  just done that now , they were really not helpful . 
  told them all about it , they told me to go where i bought the console from and try it on their ps4 . 
  even though it 's obviously the controller 's problem , since my other controller still works perfectly fine . 
  that 's what i said !, 
  he told me to go test it on another ps4 , so i got into a five minute discussion where i was telling him , how could that be the problem when my other controller works perfectly fine ? 
  he was n't having it . 
  did n't help he had a cheek on him , too . 
  not impressed with the customer service . 
  gon na call up in 10 minute though . 
  cheers, 
  i 'm in the eu too fella , english speaking customer service was it ? 
  at least the johnny cash hurt circlejerk 's stopped . 
  of that i 'm very thankful, 
  fuck that , everyone smokes rollies now anyway, 
  are they ? 
  bayern were n't great against united , dortmund nearly upset real , chelsea had to leave it late . 
  atletico are where they are because they 're one of the best teams in the world right now . 
  any four teams have a very good chance . 
  anita 's great , he 'd fit in with us , considering how small our team is, 
  same for all the teams in it then, 
  bad idea in my opinion . 
  then all 3pm ko matches would n't be allowed match threads, 
  actually ca n't remember a time arsenal played 4-4-2 . 
  4-2-3-1 is their life, 
  my arse is already gone, 
  they 're just jealous . 
  it was the same when we squeezed past cardiff in the carling cup final . 
  everyone was taking the piss . 
  forgetting that to get there , we played five teams away from home , beating stoke , chelsea and city .
