  i reckon a fair few have , and sometimes do , but honestly i do n't really care about what they do . 
  for what it 's worth , i sometimes do , i go through spells of it , but i do n't really bother telling anyone , because why would they care ? 
  in my old school , i was good friends with one of those people who gets stoned constantly through school , and talks about it a fair bit . 
  but he was lovely , and really constantly happy around everyone . 
  i could tell, 
  everyone stereotypes , and pre-makes assumptions , it 's natural . 
  just do n't let it affect you , just break the stereotype, 
  to be honest op 's post will now be a meme too, 
  so it is !, 
  oneself apologies, 
  i 'm english . 
  unfortunately i drink about 1/4 of what most people here drink , so about 1,2 cups a day . 
  i 'd imagine the average age is 16 . 
  stop going to www.reddit.com, 
  he looks like a pretentious hipster if anything . 
  what with that silly hair , and red eyes like a rabbit . 
  i quite like it now i 'm older . 
  sure when i was a kid , i loved waking up on christmas morning and getting all types of great stuff , like gamecubes , ps2 's et al , but now it 's much more excitement about seeing family , friends , nice food and alcohol , as well as a bit of time off college staying in bed , drinking coffee , and watching tv . 
  fuck what your mum says , go see someone anyway . 
  sounds like it could be serious . 
  i assume you 're in the states , in which case , a doctors visit costs ? 
  go see a counsellor or something and see what they say . 
  the big lebowski !, 
  did not enjoy it one bit . 
  i had n't even heard of it since i joined reddit over a year ago , but since then it 's mentioned everywhere in some way . 
  did not like it when i seen it a few months ago . 
  and the reddit hivemind downvotes ones opinion on what 's over-rated . 
  definitely counsellor then , must be some in your school or something . 
  failing that , tell a grandparents or another family member and let them take you . 
  do n't ignore it though . 
  would you call yourself a spiritual or a religious person ? 
  while growing up , have you had any specific religious affiliation or background ? 
  if so , what was it ? 
  not really . 
  my parents are religious in-name only , they 're not practising . 
  do you believe in a supreme being or a higher power ? 
  if so , what would you call this supreme being or higher power ? 
  do you believe in a heaven or a hell ? 
  if there is a heaven or a hell , what would it take for someone to get to heaven ? 
  n/a . 
  but according to the christian bible , pretty much anything , and nothing at the same time . 
  who is jesus christ ? 
  some bloke who some people thinks exists without any real evidence , bar blind faith . 
  difference ? 
  proof for both . 
  nothing concrete , nothing reliable . 
  if you 're religious , fine , but please do n't take the bible word for word , just accept the general morals given out . 
  it 's not meant to be taken word for word , it 's just a copied version of foreign religions . 
  i remember seeing a post on tumblr with this , and someone said ` someone should kill them ' or something . 
  i just remember thinking , wow , double standards much . 
  with a name like that , i imagine you 're trying to do just that . 
  you 're in for a hell * of a * season so far . 
  dear lord ... 
  well i 'll be damned !, 
  was that not nuts & bolts ? 
  came looking for this , surprised to see it so far down !, 
  but yes !, 
  god yes . 
  just a shame that petition did n't do so well, 
  there 's been tons of matches like that !, 
  look at the united match !, 
  the city match !, 
  should n't have lost against spurs , and we had plenty of chances to win the chelsea and newcastle matches too . 
  i love i feel so http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spegbxl9aoq, 
  so could have rafa at liverpool , but owners did n't sign him . 
  something like 3 million too . 
  yeah , but i think it was because decided to sign el hadj diouf instead ... honestly , it 's happened with so bloody many . 
  aguero , silva , ronaldo , falcao , alves , just from the last few years !, 
  whatever you want it to mean , * sugar * . 
  i never really gave it thought to be honest , seems odd to just remove a letter from ` fox ' though . 
  they may 's well have just called it fox to begin with, 
  that 's fair enough !, 
  that happens with me , and films i watched , like evolution . 
  really poor film , but i have such memories of it !, 
   this show is my horrible , shameful , guilty secret pleasure and nobody must know . 
  hey everyone , fchs likes my little pony, 
  mandatory : ` dat ass ' comment ? 
  very working class area , lots of terraced housing . 
  but it 's a large place , and there 's plenty of nice areas about . 
  very friendly people , good sense of humour , and very welcoming . 
  i think it was more of a ` we do n't believe you ' etc. 
  whether right or wrong , i 'm not getting back into this for plenty of reasons , though . 
  dae you internet neckbeards not like partying ???? 
  here i was wondering whether op bought his girlfriend a purity ring until i re-read it . 
  op is not , completely , a faggot . 
   redditor since :2012 -12 -12 ( 0 days ), 
   dedication, 
  this is the artwork from a mtg card , ` creepy doll ' . 
   remember all the ones who 's lives you 'll affect, 
  but think about to you , who 's life is ultimately the most important - your own . 
  not saying you should do it , but if your life is that bad and irredeemable , and you 're set on it . 
  but ... romania 's not a town ? 
  you 've just described every news story ever, 
  unpopular opinion of an englishman ; what do you expect with such ease for gun ownership . 
  if i lived in america , i 'd be too scared to step out the bloody door . 
  sounds like you 're a redkneck , then . 
  and slaughter kids in cold blood ? 
  then what the fuck are you on about ? 
  you 're defending gun ownership , which is fine if that 's what you want , but you need to understand shit like gun crime will be stupidly high , and school shootings will inevitably happen you simple minded buffoon . 
  look around to countries were gun ownership is n't allowed , and look how they 're doing - crime 's far lower to the ` states , because you 're all brought up thinking guns are the only way of defence in life , even though you 're far more likely to shoot a family member than an intruder , in times of theft .
