  let 's just make it bi-annual, 
  this thread 's pointless unless folks post the picture . . 
  halifax keep sending me ` you 're guaranteed to be accepted ! ', 
  letters , but they 're so thick , it 's a full on envelope , wish they 'd fuck off . 
  the graveyard in this thread is quite something, 
  pontypool , session 9 , jacob 's ladder , event horizon , the conjuring, 
  mail order brides, 
  i was going to buy it , before i heard this zombies news . 
  any team in the world would probably lose to them right now , keep the score honorable and i 'm fine, 
  like every club in the world , we dream of signing him , but it ai n't happening, 
  he knows it 's dreadful , he just does n't wan na say it publicly , because it 's his fault, 
  hyperbole is strong in this one, 
  we would n't win tonight anyway , first side or not . 
  our qualification chances is in our last two matches, 
  well we 're doing well so far . 
  we 've played well so far , happy with that . 
  [ this one ? 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/incoming/article8733953.ece/alternates/w620/liverpool.jpg ), 
  it 's not ideal , but we 've held our own , got into a few good attacking positions . 
  if can did n't blast that cross , or borini had seen mark in space , who knows . 
  decent first half . 
  neither were free kicks , true . 
  think the ref just found it dangerous, 
  get the subs on . 
  leaving it too late . 
  edit - listening to me , clearly . 
  marcelo 's everywhere . 
  defended well enough , madrid not completely at it , but we 've kept it well , made a few half chances but nothing much, 
  unlucky , played well . 
  unlucky because we did play well . 
  my local chippy has horrible curry . 
  my local chinese has amazing curry sauce , wish i could buy it by the barrel . 
  hate how much different places do n't tell you what type of curry it is , i do n't want lump curry !, 
  i have a horrible feeling it 'll be nero . 
  week 's holiday . 
  i honestly do n't wan na know what the lumps are, 
  no plan b in bundesliga , they 've played the same way for years , teams have clocked on , and know how to stop them . 
  in the cl , teams are more likely to let them play , due to them feeling they 're of higher quality than a lot of their bundesliga oppositions , and then lose . 
  here in the uk , it 's illegal to serve someone who 's drunk ... clearly no one follows it , though . 
  such a great first two seasons , third was awful . 
  got a bit better at points , shown signs of getting good again , then ruined the next episode . 
  lafayette 's story got so bad so quickly , and he was the best character . 
   come and get me, 
  please , everyone hates on that show on reddit, 
  so poorly wrote . 
  some ideas are solid , but holy fuck it is a trainwreck, 
  i loved every moment of twin peaks . 
  got weak for a few episodes in season 2 , but it 's still so good i thought, 
  just the last season is like torture . 
  the rest is gold , bar a few shaky moments as it went on, 
  carefully . 
  by accident . 
  i prefer the first one marginally , but i 'd agree with the sentiment, 
  not just the book lovers for lotr , but i know people who just could n't get into it and/or thought it was too long . 
  i agree , but only if you mean the johnny depp one, 
  ^ ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ kiddin ', 
  you do realise big lebowski really splits opinion , do n't you ? 
  are those the former man city scouts we got the other year ? 
  sigurdsson 's not a spurs player, 
  06/07 was n't amazing , did n't have a world class striker , crouch bellamy and kuyt were no slacks though . 
  gerrard on the right wing was a bit of a waste too, 
  got it cheap from a family friend, 
  apparently only 38 have ever failed the vic check, 
  he had a great wc , and i 've seen him a few times , and he impressed me . 
  but i do n't know enough about him . 
  all i know is mignolet is very shaky , at everything other than shot stopping . 
   liverpool - they 're a bunch of cunts really . 
  you know , i went to newcastle for a few months , and i was a bit surprised of the hate my accent got . 
   scored against real madrid and manchester united, 
  not a good player , but definitely liked him a lot more after that week !, 
  make it really football manager and ` unsettle ' him for a few months , in massive dickhead fashion, 
  every time they get a train , it 'll either be five minutes early , or late , but no way of knowing which . 
  i really liked watching him play , even though he played for united . 
  a real shame , a real good player . 
  no of course not , but a lot of teams utilize it incredibly well . 
  i wish i could support the underdog , but i 'm from widnes , so i really ca n't cheer on those inbreds . 
  it 'd be worse if it was runcorn , not warrington . 
  that 's some high school level philosophy there . 
  i also learned that when i was young . 
  sanchez was set on london , unfortunately . 
  thought he would have suited us perfectly , too . 
  wikipedia wo n't tell you how they 're doing , though . 
  come on exeter !, 
  ca n't let those wanky wires win . 
  woah woah woah !, 
  fuck you too mate !, 
  `` xyz is a plaster . 
  let 's see if he can plaster together this warrington defence '', 
  mix , really . 
  widnes is more scouse than manc , so is runcorn , but wire 's a bit more split . 
  man from widnes here ; disagree, 
  what does it smell like ? 
  wonder if rick astley 's there ? 
  he 'd never give up on his home town !, 
  it 's finished, 
  you 'll always be wanky to me mate, 
  only once the rugby starts again, 
  he 's run around , and deserted them, 
  as in post , in the past , so it 's something you need experience to claim . 
  `` paul is a bachelor '' .
