  it was all sorted quickly . 
  it is true , and honestly i do n't expect us to get the top four . 
  but , we 're still in the fa cup , and the europa league , and we 're close to the top four , with us playing a lot better now . 
  i hope mario and sturridge start up top against saints , see what they can do . 
  10 years . 
  bloody hell . 
  what i 'd give to go back and re-watch that live . 
  oh they cry , we just ca n't see it . 
  the whole ocean is actually fish tears . 
  source : am scientist . 
  ` bants ' aside , he would n't even be in united 's top four performers this year anyways, 
  he loves the club . 
  he definitely could , but it just makes me like him even more , how committed he is . 
  no wonder geordies drink so much . 
  on paper , la liga would edge it over bundesliga , for me . 
  but if it happened next week , i 'd make bundesliga favourites , simply because it would be about 9 bayern players , who already know how to play together . 
  he 's shocking . 
  that was his release clause . 
  we played well , defended well . 
  but friend will be the major talking point . 
  i mentioned beforehand he 's a shocking ref , always has been . 
  worst in the league . 
  driving for five months . 
  even i knew this . 
  did n't roy keane admit to purposely ending a players career with a terrible challenge ? 
  confirmed . 
  hate him . 
  go out on saturday , then you get the midnight birthday drinks !, 
  as long as season three brings a new murder , then it 'll be good , i 'd say . 
  they ca n't do anymore about joe now . 
  2007 agger is way better than skrtel . 
  why 's he getting booed ? 
  just curious . 
  they do n't force you out of your chair as soon as you finish eating , it 's more like they do n't fake-flirt , chat with you for five minutes . 
  jonathon ross , and alan carr are the only others really . 
  funnily enough , crouch was never the best header when he was with us . 
  he was always better with his feet . 
  when i was 11 , it came to exam week . 
  science exam , one question was ` how many days are there in a year ? 
  ' , and i remembered reading the prep books , and it said not ' 365 ' , but ' 365\u00a01/4 ' , so i put the latter . 
  they said i was wrong . 
  yeah , they should have thrown in a bank heist , and gun chase . 
  reasoning behind dofp ? 
  i thought something similar about this early on mate . 
  you 've worded it a lot better than i had , though . 
  i did n't really think of it as symbolicly as you did . 
  some of the stuff they say , does definitely make you think fortitude is an odd town , with something odd about it . 
  predictions ? 
  search it in / r/subredditdrama there 's some great posts from the past . 
  you have to send verification to mods to prove you 're not fat , it can get heated . 
  the second season was alright . 
  not on the same level as series 1 , but decent enough . 
  season 3 will be good if they go back to basics . 
  heh , i was at that match . 
  forgot all about it until you mentioned it . 
  did n't realise arda played though . 
  no service whatsoever . 
  brendan 's got to take the blame for this second half . 
  absolutely appalling . 
  anyone saying balo done more than sturridge today , that 's not the reason he was subbed . 
  booked , and playing on the edge , do you really think it 'd be a good idea to go down to 10 , before et ? 
  and not changing anything when it was clearly a matter of time . 
  no point in playing european football when rodgers does n't know how to manage in europe . 
  that 's three times now he 's completely messed it up . 
  shocking performance , subs , and result . 
  they deserved it . 
  end of watch pleasantly surprised me . 
  the trailer did n't do a lot for me , but it 's a great movie . 
  zodiac , again , put me off by its runtime , but i 'm so glad i watched it . 
  i 'd definitely recommend those two . 
  just because you do n't spunk 4 clear chances , does n't mean you have n't played well . 
  we did play well against chelsea . 
  why apprehensive can i ask ? 
  murphy 's great . 
  american beauty , the godfather , one flew over the cuckoo 's nest , american history x , good will hunting , blue velvet , gone baby gone , leon , snatch. , green mile , network , her , pulp fiction , dazed and confused . 
  any one of those movies i would love to watch again , for the first time . 
  i laughed when i read it . 
  obvious troll . 
  how could someone bite ? 
  you 're in for a treat then if you watch his shows . 
  i feel sorry for the fans , but at least it 'll fuck over oyston 's wealth . 
  cunt that he is . 
  that 's a pretty disappointing team to be honest . 
  the fuck up against besiktas will affect today , most definitely . 
  hendo you fucking hero, 
  `` but he 's not technical enough '' yeah , sure . 
  he 's certainly my favourite . 
  tbf , mangala fucked up too . 
  we 're better at defending in the opposition half than our own . 
  how mad does that sound ? 
  that shot by sterling was like on fifa , when your players running away from goal , but you still try to shoot . 
  you work sundays ? 
  condolences . 
  sweet . 
  markovic has been awful . 
  because he 's better ? 
  balotelli would let kompany rest , he would n't make runs inbehind . 
  sturridge wo n't . 
  what a fucking shot son fuck, 
  two goal of the season contenders in one match ?
