  today 's friendly kind of summed up what 's wrong with us . 
  plenty of pressure , but no cutting edge . 
  no finishing touch , or physicality . 
  we let the opposition get the better of us in the air constantly , and we 're so often so sloppy defending corners , and too often get pushed over . 
  we lack height to ever challenge from crosses , but constantly cross it in , over and over and over , but we 'll never be able to score from them . 
  we 're at about 4m net spend this summer , and have cut our wage bill , i sincerely hope we have big signings planned otherwise we 'll get nowhere , especially with the big things henry seems to talk about . 
  we need a new left back , as enrique 's too inconsistent , a commanding centre back , a goalscoring midfielder , and a top drawer winger . 
  that 's what 'll happen , but i 'd prefer us to sign a top class winger though . 
  just curious , does anyone have a citation for this quote ? 
  or is it op 's incredibly philosophical drinking buddy ? 
  decent catch , but i would n't think there 's anything in it . 
  one thing i 've always thought though , was catelyn absolutely despises jon , and i always thought maybe there 's something else behind it other than him being the bastard son of her hubby . 
  i do n't know what , but ... something . 
  [ affc ] ( / s `` you 'd also be tortured for fucking the queen , though , assuming they found you . '' ), 
  blackfish . 
  i 'd feel in such safe hands, 
  i get all that , but when i was reading agot i thought ` this is a bit much ' , so for a while i thought she might know something else . 
  idk , in asoiaf i would n't put it past grrm to pull something out the hat about anything , at any point, 
  still can be foreshadowing , whether jon knew it or not, 
  i still find it really selfish from dany 's pov that she wants to retake the iron throne . 
  she apparently ca n't have kids , so once she kicks it , the whole realm will fight again for the * next * ruler, 
  do n't reply then . 
  because no one gives a shit over here because we 're not bellends to judge someone 's t-shirt . 
  i think one of the things stopping them is that it could give a bit too much away . 
  like right now with the whole r+l = j thing , and the tower of joy etc. 
  a prequel could easily ruin 3/4 of the mysteries out there, 
  i do n't understand this . 
  i can understand looking at them harshly , or having a word , but to hit someone for looking at someone is really possessive . 
  breathe me - sia , from six feet under . 
  i won my friends soul , and whenever he tries to win it back , i refuse to bet it again . 
  it 's too valuable . 
  it 's ned, 
  feels refreshing , does n't it . 
  i ca n't find anything watchable on e4 these days, 
  it 's not at all under-rated in england . 
  it 'll be a case of us not improving on our position than when h/g were in charge , i 'll bet . 
  you 've completely forgot about sturridge . 
  ours could be worse ;, 
  ward, 
  johnson , wisdom , kelly , robinson, 
  downing , sturridge , sterling, 
  the only other party that could possibly , is a fascist one . 
  even though he 's not even played 90 minutes for us ? 
  iirc the ref made some awful decisions that match, 
  times and guardian reporting it . 
  it 's legit , folks . 
  preston , mayhaps . 
  * did n't see this comment coming *, 
  you just described possible feelings of everyone , ever . 
  not just redditors . 
  try again . 
  shame they missed out the bit with the chain, 
  yup . 
  qhorin was such a badass in the books , their whole journey away from the free folk in the book was great , then when they got captured , it was all fabulous, 
  gonewild request, 
  it 's a pretty common theory , especially over on / r/asoiaf which you might want to give a look . 
  personally , i think coldhands might be bran in the past . 
  i made a thread on it somewhere . 
  the guy who plays the ` student ' looks about 35, 
  our black bin is every monday , our blue bins are every fortnight , and our green ones are god knows when , we never use it, 
  iirc a lot of people thought aegon was n't really dead, 
  joffrey chokes on a pigeon pie, 
  yup , find out if ive gotten into my uni , eeek . 
  welp , was expecting to have to pay extra for bt sport with virgin . 
  you do n't butt in line !, 
  you do n't sell drugs !, 
  you do n't molest little children !, 
  you do n't profit off the misery of others !, 
  the rules were set a long time ago !, 
  they do n't change !, 
  it does n't require any more # # # if you 're already on the footy plan thingy, 
  just post about your success on facebook and twitter and stuff, 
  my da phoned up virgin last week to complain about the bt sport thing , by the time he got off the phone , he had treble internet speed , homehub , tivo box , and spotify premium , and # 20 off his bill . 
  complaining does n't half help, 
  oh if he 's asking to cancel they 'll 99 % offer you a better deal , just make sure he does n't give in too early , you can get loads for free . 
  my dad does it all the time , virgin probably have him on some sort of list hah, 
  so very true . 
  but it 's the same of nearly all press organisations , so it 's not a new discovery . 
  heck , the fact daily mail and the sun are so popular just described it aptly . 
  those two faced fascist rags should be banned . 
  siquera of granada , aye . 
  think it 'll just be you 're more used to him . 
  i live just outside liverpool and you 'll find scousers as far as places like preston , i can understand it no problem , and even the thicker scouse accents . 
  you 'd be in more trouble if he used colloquialisms !, 
  do n't be so judgemental . 
  let people enjoy what they enjoy . 
  i , personally , find dd hilarious . 
  the almighty has spoken , oh great one , teach us your ways . 
  shame , too , he looked really good . 
  i 'm not , but i 've not been impressed by cissokho for four years , so i 'm not exactly beaming with confidence . 
  [ all ] ( #b `` when you out drink a man who collapses after drinking too much , then twat a bunch of frey 's , you know you 're a badass . 
  hope he comes back into it '' ), 
  he had a good last season, 
  the killer inside me, 
   were you impressed with coutinho before he joined lfc ? 
  yeah , actually . 
  he was very good as espanyol , it was clear to all he was really good , just did n't fit at inter . 
  i 'm obviously going to give him a chance , but i 'm just not expecting miracles . 
  i hope you 're right . 
  i hoped we 'd give robinson some time there,
