  that 's mental , way more than half of his life . 
  began managing at the turn of the century , did n't stop until after ww2 . 
  gianfranco zola was the first non-british west ham manager ? 
  wow . 
  i recommend myself . 
  i am a liverpool fan who has never visited the subreddit before , and if elected i promise west ham will win the league in three years . 
  so say we all . 
  i remember making myself hc or whatever it was , getting the special hair and clothes , then once my sub disappeared i 'd keep the clothes on . 
  nope . 
  he was great with us , both times . 
  he was great at man city , too . 
  the rest of his clubs have been decent teams at best, 
  think everyone knew about siquiera , to be fair . 
  if that 's who you meant . 
  we tried to sign him , but we lowballed them until they told us to fuck off . 
  football questions always have loads of pointless answers that are quite easy . 
  i seen grrm got 2 for ` who wrote game of thrones ' . 
  quite shocked at that, 
  you 're now tagged as nigel farage, 
  grand budapest hotel and wolf of wall street took a few weeks too iirc, 
  see , when i watched the mist i 'd heard loads of stuff about the ending , so i was hyping it up , when it happened i just remember thinking ` boy , that 's unlucky ' . 
  always enjoy the prestige 's ending , even if one or two things did n't quite add up . 
  brilliant climax to a brilliant film . 
  same for pretty much everything in this thread really . 
  avatar ? 
  everyone on reddit moans about it constantly, 
  i think the downvotes are because are because you make reference to them , not because of your actual answer . 
  do n't forget the soundtrack is beautiful !, 
  i think the movie 's the best out in 2014 personally . 
  my favourite ` stoner ' movies are just comedies . 
  bit boring watching harold and kumar , i 'd rather watch superbad or hot tub time machine or something . 
  what were you expecting it to be ? 
  trailer made it quite clear it 's not really going to be about stockbrokes, 
  i remember as a kid i always wondered if the weather changed whilst time was stopped , and maybe that 's why the weather changes so bloody quickly from nice to horrific . 
  bit odd to see to be honest , rodgers is usually very media tact and pc . 
  i see a bit of a difference though , as suso , ilori and wisdom will all come back next season and start matches . 
  suso and wisdom did last season , we just wanted to get some regular game time for them . 
  if they do n't start 10 plus matches next season i 'll be shocked . 
  exactly , if you go back a time you find incest , germans , and all other nationalities dotted around . 
  if you looked back through your own ancestry you 'd probably find similar things , maybe minus the incest . 
  bloody hope so, 
  bloody hope so, 
  that man is my hero . 
  well we do n't live in the states , so it 's difficult to know what exactly it is you 's eat consistently . 
  never happen . 
  moyes would ruin what southampton are building . 
  not as if he 's a bad manager , just an atrocious fit for southampton . 
  we did n't sign him off the wc . 
  we got him after he turned to cannibalism and got banned from the eredvise , so we picked him up at lot cheaper then he 'd have been six month prior . 
  bellend in bellend shocker ? 
  yep , it 's mostly just a wind up on twitter , loads of chelsea fans are getting peed off over it , so it 's just snowballing . 
  really funny stuff though , the garcia ghost photo and the video of the blokes there answering all the phones :d, 
  wickham finally looks like he might be realising his potential, 
  morally , or not , he 's been the best player this season . 
  is n't that what the award is ? 
  genius ? 
  nope . 
  his tactics worked , but it 's not too difficult to instruct your players to go out there , get 10 men behind the wall and frustrate . 
  loads of teams try it , chelsea have the better players to do it . 
  they deserved to win , not saying they did n't . 
  but genius ? 
  flattering, 
  but i 'm not denying any of this ? 
  he is one of , if not the best . 
  but calling him a genius because his team put 10 in front of the ball , frustrated and counterattacked does n't equal he 's a genius . 
  looked to me as if he moved his body away from the ball , he turned side on to try get his arm out the way, 
  there 's no easy chances for torres post 2010, 
  seen loads this week . 
  i 'd have to say pontypool might have been the best . 
  one of the few examples of a great film set entirely in building/room . 
  when you 're back up to suarez and sturridge , you 're not going to play much . 
  he must have only played for about 500 minutes this season , but he just looks so nervous , and does n't know what to do . 
  it 's not even as if he 's a young player , too . 
  he 'll be sold this summer, 
  monday 's the only day i 'm up in time to watch it . 
  love how they have a hashtag in the corner ... / s. 
  all these stories so far are infuriating . 
  haha , one loss after so many wins , and suddenly we 've blown it . 
  gutted is n't the word but overreaction much, 
  we need a larger squad , but we need better players . 
  rather borini come back , and another . 
  did they ever clear up why they chose that song , by the way ? 
  i 'd be very surprised if there 's anything in that , but the fact it 's in the telegraph is interesting . 
  might just be something in it . 
  you just questioned my post , then answered with what would have been my reply :p, 
  according to the article , we 're hoping for five players . 
  a full back or two , a good centre mid , and a winger is what we 're crying out for, 
  oh i agree , i just ca n't see it happening . 
  ca n't see him looking to leave , them wanting to sell , or us agreeing to the fee we 'd need . 
  he 's so lucky newcastle had a good first half of the season , otherwise they 'd be battling relegation . 
  and by ` battling ' i mean giving up and being relegated . 
  i agree . 
  mkhtaryan was rated at a similar figure , and i think lallana is of similar quality . 
  he 's very close to his peak . 
  saying that , i do n't think this 'll happen . 
  pretty much . 
  we do n't want to sell unless it 's a ridiculous offer , you do n't want to buy at a ridiculous price because he 's 27 . 
  did n't work so well in children of men, 
  liverpool easily . 
  honestly not bothered by the english national side .
