  insurance in the uk is ridiculous . 
  driving lessons , test , buying a car , mot , tax , and insurance can be 3/4 grand, 
  wonder if their fairy tale rise will take a hit if they keep paying such fees . 
  top quality discussion here lads . 
   if our people at the club see him as a player who can complete our strikeforce i trust them in that judgement . 
  why ? 
  looks a bit like he wants us to play how he got swansea doing in the premier league . 
  danny graham ( played by benteke ) , two quick wingers , sigurdsson ( firminho ) inbehind, 
  yeah i agree mate . 
  that 's my issue with benteke . 
  does n't make sense to me . 
  ca n't have coutinho and firminho at cam , might mean coutinho pushed out wide again . 
  to be fair , i do n't even bother reading articles to the mail , i think a lot of people do the same . 
  it 's vile , bigoted sensationalism . 
  5 ' 8 is n't even that small for a 16 year old full back . 
  if he was a cb , then maybe , but for a full back ? 
  bit odd . 
  you 'll easily get that full seven million . 
  some if it may depend on playing for england possibly ? 
  he 'll do that next year . 
  nope . 
  he was ruined in his last year with us . 
  the injuries caught up with him , he lost that bit of pace to get him away from defenders , then lost all his confidence , did n't help playing under hodgson , to be fair . 
  but could definitely tell something was ` off ' about him in the months before he joined chelsea . 
  did n't suit us either , was too fragile . 
  no more than anyone else to be honest . 
  really ? 
  got more play time than he ought to . 
  podolski 's got a cannon of a foot , but other than that , really could n't see the hype . 
  great for germany mind . 
  bayern ruined santa cruz ? 
  haha !, 
  guy 's had one good season in his life at blackburn . 
  i remember when kenny took over , and we played wolves iirc . 
  torres scored twice , but even then there was * something * off with him, 
  maybe so , but all the ` rumours ' i see from them i just completely ignore . 
  they may have good journo 's , but they do n't with transfer rumours . 
  do n't wan na give them the clicks anyway . 
  thought these got shut down the other year ? 
  i remember going on some of them , but i thought the mods stopped 'em, 
  pls come back dave, 
  colin , i know you 're reading this , and you 're a sick fuck . 
  is the graveyard the dead centre of town ? 
  yeah , just show they their 6-1 with us and they 'll think they 're joining barca . 
  to be fair , with us , i think he wanted to join , but his owner delayed it, 
  my old radio could only get radio 1 and some welsh station . 
  it was driving me insane , i had to get a digital radio purely so i did n't have to listen to r1 . 
  good guys , them maltese . 
  went through [ hell in ww2 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/award_of_the_george_cross_to_malta ), 
  after the 2006 world cup , i think a lot of people wanted us to invade portugal though ... 
  to be fair , most loans you 'll only pay them a pittance, 
  used to be a very friendly rivalry . 
  used to get the coach together to wembley when they played . 
  changed in the last twenty or so years though . 
  portugal are boss . 
  can 's not playing too well . 
  terrible defending . 
  well this is absolute tosh . 
   camoranesi, 
  not heard that name in a while, 
  meh , if it 's obvious they 're faking it , there 'll be loads of boos , but if they actually have to make the sub due to an actual injury , the booing normally tails off . 
  yeah someone mentioned that the other week . 
  very odd . 
  think it 's only the us commentators , so it 's not fifa 's fault . 
  loudest cheers for a yellow card i 've heard in ages . 
  not trying to annoy anyone or anything , but would it be fair to say most people in the crowd are ` casual ' fans, 
  if england lose because their keeper had to go off due to hayfever ... 
  shame . 
  lot of links to europe in canada , surprised it 's not caught on a * bit * more, 
  does n't matter if the ball was going out , she got completely checked . 
  schmidt has the same haircut as [ kevin kampl . 
  ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=kevin+kampl+hairstyle&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1278&amp;bih=683&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=fuepvfljgyse7gbxuowqca&amp;ved=0cayq_auoaq ), 
  no ones saying they should n't support their side , but the boos after an obvious foul is bit weird . 
  struggle to get height on the kicks , apart from that williams free kick anyway . 
  booing the decision to not give a foul . 
  never a foul though . 
  no it was n't . 
  no one needed to hear him talking about his sweat ... 
  rule britannia, 
  really lengthy movie , and if you know about zodiac you kind of know how it 's gon na end , that 's what put me off for so long , but it 's really great . 
  sucked me in from the start . 
  i 'm only 19 , but i 'm curious why so many people love the selfie threads so much that they pop up constantly ? 
  pretty much . 
  coleman and clyne are both good . 
  coleman is slightly older , and will cost more . 
  honestly , a bit surprised united have n't pushed for clyne harder . 
  they were after lambert , but this was when lambert was still in charge . 
  seems like the way they wan na push the fee down so it does n't say ` liverpool pay 32.5 million release clause for benteke ' . 
  was sidibe playing in those days ? 
  i actually was mate , it 's been bugging me for a while , heh . 
  no he 's not . 
  chris evans has ridiculous amounts of listeners , even people who do n't listen to radio know who he is . 
  they literally would n't be able to . 
  it contradicts itself in parts . 
  whenever someone says `` hello , doc '' that 's all i can think of . 
  huh , i thought basel had switzerland nailed down . 
  guess not . 
  huh , weird feeling . 
  no one 's left from when i properly took interest in footy .
