  everybody wanted pardew out , now they 're fourth . 
  football is a fickle game . 
  i 'm confused as to what determines a netflix original . 
  was n't this on norwegian tv before netflix ? 
  curious , does anyone in britain know of anything similar to this ? 
  we watched illegal movies in classes , too . 
  boy in striped pajama 's was one, 
  i was walking towards my dog and did n't see her , i bumped into her gently . 
  i apologized . 
  she stormed off after that . 
  skrtel 's fucked up clearance also led to their first . 
  first goal came from skrtel and lovren getting in a mix up , and skrtel launching the ball away , before it came back . 
  worth noting . 
   there is no way that skrtel could stay with us for 7 years and be shit . 
  he 's not shite , at first he was backup , then he peaked and was good under kenny , and now he 's not looking good again . 
  a lot of stop signs near me coming off dual carriageways and motorways too, 
  that 's weird . 
  almost every junction here in the uk is a give way one , so you only need to stop if you ca n't see , or there 's somebody already on the road . 
  swings in roundabouts ( hah ) though , as your roads seem better and wider than ours, 
  you know since i 've drove , i 've had more problems with taxi 's than white van men . 
  at least wvm can park , taxi 's are n't arsed, 
  in secondary school ( 2006-11 ) , the dinner halls were great for this . 
  hundreds of kids doing it when someone drops a plate . 
  it 's not dying , trust me of that, 
  hmm , interesting . 
  might try that next time , try to create psychological damage, 
  odd wording used . 
  wonder what his source is , and if he 's twisted the wording . 
  may have been precautionary to keep him from further injury, 
  depends on how you judge ` true level ' . 
  last few years , our current position is slightly off , normally we 'll be a bit higher , as you mentioned in that 6-8th place . 
  judge it over the full pl era we 'd be 4/5th . 
  etc, 
  lucas should be instead of gerrard . 
  can is n't strict enough defensively . 
  jokes are meant to be funny ? 
  people here in the uk are also pretty bad at speaking different languages . 
  think it 's probably because if we go on holiday somewhere , chances are they 'll be able to speak english so we 're fine . 
  i 'd love to learn another language , but in school i did n't get enough help with it really . 
  with all your powahhhhhhh, 
  of course he needs time to adjust , but this is clutching at straws . 
  did you only say that because they 're both croats ? 
  variations in this , though . 
  iirc in england you ca n't sign from another english team until may . 
  you can have a deal in principle , but no formal agreement beforehand, 
  80 million is a bargain ? 
  he 's more than worth it , but bargain ? 
  i 've not missed a player more than i miss him . 
  exactly . 
  it 's easy to be slightly better than average when the team 's not playing well , but he 's at a level right now so much higher than the rest of them, 
  i challenge you to duel, 
  nor should all of the teams we 're losing to , bar chelsea/madrid . 
  but it 's still happening , right now be very match is a huge challenge, 
  [ arsenal is easily the most expensive though . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2013/jun/19/premier-league-ticket-prices-club-charge-the-most ), 
  surprised chelsea is n't higher, 
  my local bowling alley does pitchers for # 8 . 
  those days always go badly . 
  two pitchers whilst playing , then more to soak my terrible drunken bowling skills away, 
  one of my old locals used to do this . 
  pretty hilarious reactions, 
  i 'm not a brighton fan , i 'm just a hyypia fan . 
  would you not say it 's because you sold so many first team players , and do n't have a proper striker ? 
  think he was trying to block what he expected , was going to be a shot, 
  feels like seeing your ex you loved with someone completely better , and much happier . 
  it 's horrible . 
  you sure ? 
  we 're gash , and basel seem to go between the extremes of results, 
  the story of / r/soccer . 
  if it 's like that , then it 's pretty funny , but the random ' u wot m8 ' does get tiresome, 
  love watching favre 's team play . 
  finished heart shaped box before . 
  really enjoyed it , not scary , which was a bit disappointing as that 's what i 'd expected . 
  they 're a pretty bad company , but like ea they do make some damn good games . 
  how would you know it 's been a week without your watch though ? 
  glasgow stole its thunder, 
  if reddit was society , everybody would be engineers, 
  questions are asked when it 's an art teacher, 
  international texts are mental costs, 
  buy your ticket online and get a student ticket, 
  if they have a doctorate , chances are they 'll tell you . 
  i had somebody in secondary school with a doctorate , and she would go livid if you forgot to call her ` dr ' instead of ` mrs ' . 
  stuck up bitch, 
  will chucky get patched in ? 
  i really hope so . 
  have you not seen his bike ? 
  i 'm scared to join that group because there 's like five people on it i know , then it just becomes weird, 
  we have bigger problems than wingers . 
  we wanted him , it did n't work out . 
  we 've got enough wingers now too . 
  bad goals conceded from both teams then, 
  everybody knows he 's shit, 
  most predictable goal ever . 
  correct . 
  both of them we were leading before it , and kept that lead after 85 minutes . 
  [ yep . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xecurlnxcqk ), 
  also from uk . 
  40 lessons is about average , but it depends on how good you are , and your instructor . 
  i done a few more than 40 , but i passed first time .
