  football is a working class game though , it was originally the working man 's sport , gdp 's less important . 
  african countries often love football and you 'll see kids having a kick about , but they do n't often turn pro because they ca n't . 
  in china/india i 'd imagine they 'll still play it loads , but like the us if they put in money to football coaching and programmes they 'd probably improve , but whether they 'd reach the level of the top international countries is very questionable . 
  they 're going for a technological win . 
  they just need to build the space station . 
  do n't you mean sir ian mckellen . 
  very true . 
  there 's no enemies in asoiaf , even the others are n't known to be antagonists , no one really knows about their intentions . 
  sure about that ? 
  you 're on a limited budget , your other current options are kone and jelavic . 
  who would you think of replacing lukaku with ? 
  same can be said for lukaku, 
  a name , though ? 
  difference is we own our player , you do not . 
  if we sell him , we 'll get 60 + million , you lot will be in the same position you were four months ago , skint with nothing but jelavic . 
  might sign another player with 22 goals in 30 games , for 12 million . 
  england here . 
  not much . 
  if you do history you 'll see bits from them depending on what module you 're doing . 
  for a bit in year 13 i done about the vietnam war . 
  other than that , we learnt pretty much nothing about america . 
  sort of hope that leverkusen hold onto second though . 
  just for sammi . 
  he has , but oft times he tires late on , and we get overrun in the game . 
  simao to liverpool, 
  i bought some earphones from hmv because they were on offer , and got the warranty since i seem to destroy every pair i 've ever owned . 
  i did end up breaking them , was gon na take them back , week later the one near me went under . 
  would have had to go like 20 miles to the nearest one . 
  not worth it . 
  on the plus side , allen was great against west ham . 
  ran the show . 
  think rossi could be top scorer you know . 
  few swiss players i think will shine . 
  granit xhaka for one . 
  cuardado for colombia ? 
  the labyrinth bits were so cool . 
  bit cliche , but probably a clash of kings . 
  ( third asoiaf book ) . 
  lost leg mass because i moved so little when reading it , could n't put it down . 
  / r/alcoholism, 
  honestly , we 're not taught too much about our colonialism . 
  just sort of ww1/2 , some ancient history and stuff . 
  honestly , we 're not taught too much about our colonialism . 
  just sort of ww1/2 , some ancient history and stuff . 
  1066 , henry 8th , ancient greece/egypt etc. 
  it 's weird , i thought jax would be president sometime early ( ssn 1 ) , watching vikings i did n't expect it happen for ages yet . 
  guess i 'm just always wrong . 
  we do n't seem to do much of our culture . 
  we touched on henry 8th as i said , in year 9 i done an after school course of jack the ripper for a few weeks , but that was just because it interested me , it was n't mandatory . 
  we do n't really do much of our own history . 
  i done history past the mandatory point , through year 10-13 , we done hitler 's rise to power , medicine through time , vietnam war , and finally we done some british politics leading up to ww2 . 
  the throw-in system on fifa 14 is the worst thing imaginable . 
  it 's so frustrating . 
  `` oh , the ball 's gone 70 yards away , better chase after it , pick it up , then carry it back to the spot to take the throw in ! '', 
  who thought that 'd be less frustrating than a slight cut in play , where they have the balls in their hands . 
  always thought that was sort of the point , personally . 
  it 's more of a character study than anything , all the characters have moments where they 're in the wrong , and where they 're in the right , where they 're dicks , and nice . 
  he 'll be moving in january . 
  apparently we 're interested . 
  he 'll be moving in january . 
  apparently we 're interested . 
  aegon actually being alive ( whether or not he 's the real aegon has n't been proved , but still ), 
  davos not actually being dead , when it was reported he was . 
  the whole jeyne was replaced due to her hips was apparently rejected by grrm as a writing error . 
  they can , but they 're not a patch on warm ones . 
  edd tollet , duckfield , blackfish , beric dondarrion . 
  thank you . 
  it 's the main way you can tell if someone 's american or not , in my experience only americans say ` epl ' or ` bpl ' . 
  if i 'd want to abbreviate it , i 'd just say ` prem ', 
  seven psychopaths . 
  same director , same star . 
  sure ? 
  qi xl is on the uk netflix, 
  good shout with aurelio . 
  `` corn , corn , corn '', 
  too busy with a white nose, 
  generally most other countries get somewhat of a watered down american pop culture . 
  here in england , we have the kardashians on tele , and most people know who she is , though not sure what they are/do other than they have a show . 
  we 've had loads on singers like bieber most people hate other than tweenagers ( see one direction ), 
  and i thank you for letting me know !, 
  kuyt or luis garcia, 
  how 's he doing at dortmund ? 
  not hearing much about him . 
  courtois ; lahm , thiago silva , barzagli , alaba ; vidal , yaya , iniesta ; suarez , ronaldo , messi . 
  children of men and v for vendetta are on the swedish netflix iirc , dark knight rises , lotr , moon , argo too . 
  on the brazillian one the fresh prince is on it , seven , scarface , one flew over the cuckoo 's nest, 
  in canada , there 's prometheus , life of pi, 
  do n't think he 's at that level yet . 
  surprised reading this post , thought i was one of the few that thought he was a little cunt . 
  terry/suarez/neville all done loads more shit than wilshere 's done yet, 
  if just for his laugh . 
  sure ? 
  i think it 's a weird decision too . 
  he 's someone who 'll do anything to make the team win , but he does n't speak amazing english , and always lives on the edge . 
  lucas would have been the safe option . 
  not quite as improbable as it sounds . 
  nah , it is . 
  thought it was weird too haha . 
  to be fair , souness is one of our biggest critics !, 
  how calm was that ?
