  feghouli and parejo , yes . 
  cheers for the quick response . 
  it 's awful timing , my parents are on holiday , and i ca n't drive , and i do n't think there 's any vets that can come out . 
  i 'm going to get up early , and see how she is . 
  problem is , with my folks on holiday , i have no money for vet bills or anything . 
  took her the vet first thing this morning , confirmed it 's vestibular disease , gave her two injections and basically said most dogs get over it in 48 hours , and if not to take her back at which point i 'd probably have to get her put down . 
  here 's to hoping, 
  there was rumours he was on beak , so he responded one match by doing this, 
  well that 's just not true !, 
  there 's loads of good modern music if you look around . 
  thought the eagles were neutral , and did n't want to carry it for them at first , they were n't on their side per-se, 
  okay , i admit it , i laughed . 
  such a low fee because of his wages . 
  reportedly on around 100k p/w which is why there 's been so much trouble in him finding a new club, 
  battlestar galactica , did n't think it looked good based off the clips i seen , and the plot . 
  boy was i wrong . 
  is it upgraded to max ? 
  by numerous , op means one , which is as , a spanish site , so my question , how exactly could a spanish site know about an argie , potentially moving from france to england ... 
  i 'm exactly the same , that was my first episode too . 
  xavi , iniesta , ibra ( probably , not from me tho ) , pirlo . 
  martin kelly, 
  had plenty of wars with them , two former great countries fighting for dominance really . 
  it 's not a fierce dislike , more of a friendly hatred . 
  heck , we have a tunnel connecting us . 
  depends on your living circumstances really . 
  in london , a lot will receive housing benefit , and working and/or child tax . 
  whereas you and your partner may be living in a pretty expensive property and get good broadband , sky tv , etc. 
  i 'm 19 . 
  my cheapest quote is 2100 . 
  i 'm in a wa postcode , and my cheapest quote is 2100 . 
  adam 's not a cunt , he just ca n't tackle for shit . 
  and he 's pretty average . 
  why skrtel ? 
  wait until you play ring of fire , then you have deal with the fucking dirty pint . 
  jesus fuck that can get nasty . 
  imagine four different drinks mixed together in a pint glass . 
  whiskey , beer , vodka , rum etc. 
  then having to down it . 
  not eating anything the day i drank eight pints , countless vodka jellies , and tequila . 
  i do n't normally get hangovers , but i could n't walk home . 
  i got dragged . 
  nor can we . 
  not for long iirc , another 's coming out, 
  as much as people do n't like the fourth , there 's four indie movies . 
  [ spoilers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gg6bwddcj4k ), 
  that entire fucking movie is one big cry fest . 
   rick james, 
  apr means the % you 'd be paying back on the 2000 . 
  the representative bit just means that 's the average , possibly depending on your personal circumstances . 
  so if you got 0 % apr then you 'd pay nothing back on top of the 2000 pound . 
  if he could add some attacking ability , and had good finishing he 'd be really good . 
  he makes decent runs , but seems to lose his head when he shoots, 
  his goal against milan summed him up quite well . 
  seriously though , he 's a solid enough player defensively . 
  strong , seems a good guy , and is hardworking . 
  not very technical , or useful going forward . 
  per manum is scully heavy , and has great acting from her . 
  i 'm not american , who is the greatest goalie then ? 
  with his parents , of course . 
  kevin davies still kicking about ? 
   more important than schindler . 
  what a stupid thing to say . 
  if you saved one person from the nazi 's thumb you were as important as the next . 
  it 's not a competition . 
  `` omg i really want a gay best friend who can give me fashion tips '', 
  i only know who he was because of without a paddle . 
  shadows of the damned . 
  you 're fucked if there 's an earthquake, 
  call centre op here ; problem is you ca n't hang up on people , at least where i work , unless they 're swearing or being aggressive . 
  been on calls for 45 minutes before , when usually what i do can take 4 or so minutes . 
  what call centre do you work for ?!, 
  not sure what 's odder , a 24/7 call centre , or there only being one person there . 
  i work for a call centre that i wo n't name . 
  generally the computers we 're running are old as fuck , and slow as fuck . 
  the company knows it , but do n't want to replace them and lose money . 
  they wo n't replace them unless they physically ca n't turn on anymore . 
  also there 's been whole days when the system is legit down , because of the size of the databases and servers etc , sometimes they can overload . 
  do n't get me wrong , looks like i 'm making excuses , but sometimes i say that just because i wan na grab a cup of coffee ... 
  love/hate shows like these . 
  i just have to find out how much items go for once i see them on dickinson 's real deal, 
  star trek tng and x-files . 
  here in the uk they used to be on a station called virgin tv or something , i 'd heard of them a lot ofc , but i watched them both one day , and then for the next two years . 
  it was tng then x files and it was the best two hours . 
  i sometimes try to force them into saying a particular line or something , then transfer them and say `` well they said it was x/y/z , not my problem , that 's why i transferred them ! '', 
  or have your phone on quiet then bounce the calls when you 're hungover, 
  can against yaya toure will be great in a few month, 
  not the best impression of england for them staying in runcorn ... 
  i 'm allowed to say that , i 'm from widnes . 
  i 'm not exactly a celtic or spl expert . 
  but would it fair to say part of the worry is that overspending could end up putting you in a rangers position ? 
  with the limited competition in the league , that they just do n't see the need to really spend anything , as they know they 'll still win the league , and have massive crowds . 
  not sure if it helps that players like wanyama , forster , ledley , van dijk were all bought for small fees , and sold for really large fees . 
  ( bar van dijk , though his stock is big and will command a big fee when/if he goes ), 
  what 's your owner like ? 
  is he a celtic fan ? 
  personally , i think it 's terrible how it 's a toll bridge . 
  i just hate the idea of toll bridges in general to be honest . 
  but at least as a halton resident we get cheap/free journeys over it , and only really passing trade will pay the tolls . 
  i 've had that !, 
  do n't understand why people think they do n't need to just confirm their name/dob etc.
