  you are not a product . 
  yeah . 
  i love the el diablo . 
  pop your hazards on for a second . 
  not a big poetry fan , but i like antigonish . 
  my mum 's insurance is # 150 p/a . 
  my first year was # 1900 with lv . 
  it 's like the whole ` girls are at fault when they 're raped , for dressing up ', 
  does it count as gloryhunting ? 
  won one trophy in nine years . 
  but if they 've been fans for ten years , is it still gloryhunting ? 
  it was worse . 
  they did n't win with him in the team for ages . 
  pretty much . 
  guy can score goals , but he does n't do much/anything else . 
  to be fair to sigurdsson , i think we all expected that . 
  i 'm nearly twenty . 
  i ca n't remember a time without gerrard as captain . 
  ... who is this ? 
  not as bad as ours . 
  we do have a lot of young , good players coming through , too . 
  not sure if spurs do , too , like . 
  i have high hopes for rossiter & ojo . 
  rossiter seems like a rodgers player , hope he gets more of a chance whilst lucas is out injured . 
  problem with kolo is , will he want to take a pay cut ? 
  apparently he 's on 75k p/w , that 's too much for a backup cb . 
  if he takes a paycut , i 'd happily keep him . 
  i know them all apart from torres , the lb for madrid . 
  what 's his story ? 
  did n't take itself too seriously . 
  it was a fun movie with some interesting , entertaining characters . 
  the acting was good , and in general it was just campy fun . 
  the number 5 just does n't look arsed . 
  one of your favourite tv shows is better call saul ? 
  even though they 're like 4 episodes through ? 
  haha , just imagining someone stealing a tank and trying to drive down a country lane . 
  this is why i browse reddit . 
  to read theories on the naming of 99 flakes . 
  yeah it is good so far . 
  four or five episodes in . 
  meerkats are for life , not just for christmas . 
  be prepared for the endless emails you 're about to receive . 
  how many are there out of curiosity ? 
  yeah , and do n't forget different quotes with different additional drivers on it , to see how much that would cost . 
  i 've not priced insurance in six months , yet the only emails i get are from bloody moneysupermarket . 
  `` quite fancy a cannabis flavoured cigarette for work today . '', 
  i love sky movies . 
  where else can you watch american pie , or austin powers at 8am ? 
  got to love growth in poverty , housing repossessions , unemployment , et al. 
  only a racist would have to use that sentence . 
  til . 
  i 've been there twice , but when i was really young . 
  all i remember is going on the underground and thinking ` this is what hell looks like ' . 
  they 're catchy . 
  if you 're at the pub and they come on , you 'll have a merry time , but i do n't go out of my way to listen to them . 
  especially not fucking wonderwall . 
  penis, 
   born and raised, 
  but is it where they spent most of their days ? 
  i live in the liverpool area , where a lot of people from belfast come over for uni/to live etc. 
  they 're the same too , there 's an anti queen and thatcher-y sentiment , but nothing about the english . 
  if you 'd seen them this season , you 'd disagree . 
  do n't get me wrong , they wo n't go down , but who knows how they 'll perform next season . 
  there may be better places to send him . 
  no , replay . 
  nah , not with us he was n't . 
  he was in with a shout for a year or so , then he just became okay . 
  hope wisdom stays with us next year , and takes his role . 
  problem is , since zaf left , not sure we have a head doc ? 
  i feel the same . 
  when he came on at the weekend , he did exactly what i expected him to do . 
  have a few touches , lurk about , and then came his 45 yard pot-shot that ends up thirty yards over . 
  i do n't blame him , it 's how he is . 
  it 's our transfer board at fault for that one . 
  fair enough , alexis , bony and remy fell through for whatever reason , but there was n't three strikers in the world we could have signed . 
  there 's always more . 
  he had his moments , when kenny came back , he had a good run in his first half a season . 
  then , for kenny 's full season he was pretty poor ( the whole team was , to be fair ) , and then he was just bang average at best . 
  ref has smashed it tonight to be fair . 
  ddg goes u , but his natural instincts kick in , and he clears a goalbound rooney shot off the line . 
  fouling someone on purpose to stop an attack . 
  lots of subs , a sending off , and plenty of yellow cards and dives . 
  i wish i was a # 60 mil fuckwit , to be fair . 
  get the lottery tickets out lads, 
  to be fair , he 's been one of the best for a while . 
  still has terrible days though . 
  could be worse . 
  could be orange , or those raisin-y ones . 
  yet , it 's a highlight of my year , and i 've not missed one in 10 years . 
  everybody 's is down . 
  planet rock is great , but my preferred station is still absolute 90 's . 
  that robot is just annoying . 
  do n't see how that 'd convince people to buy it . 
  when pricing insurance , i go for the cheapest offer , not which one has a fucking teddy with it . 
  hope lv does n't start now ... 
  there 's only more than 1/2 minutes if there 's a bad injury though , they never add on first half, 
  the channel it 's on ( sky atlantic ) is only on sky . 
  a lot of people have virgin media , which does n't come with sky atlantic . 
  ikea toilets at work . 
  do we know he 's a teenager ?
