  one of my favourites . 
  every time i 've played with him , i 've not got much out of him . 
  he got pushed off the ball all too easily for me . 
  borja valero is my favourite seria a midfielder . 
  never seen him used, 
  i find it very odd how so many rumours are saying we 're willing to use suso as a makeweight , or just trying to get rid of him . 
  from what i could see suso was unhappy at almeria , because he wanted to be back here, 
  i 'm playing mario kart 8 ... 
  it 's great !, 
  you 's will love it !, 
  the online has been completely lag free , it 's just weird playing online because so few people are on it . 
  it 's just japanese people , and a few french folks , and then me . 
  really enjoying it . 
  grinding is a lot different from 7 , and you feel the differences a lot more when you pick different karts/wheels/gliders . 
  some good new weapons too , and a lot of the levels are mix 's of older levels done really well . 
  blue shell 's a bit bigger than i thought it would be . 
  comes in a nice box though , pleased with mine so far, 
  pretty much . 
  whenever i play local , if you press a and the striker gets it , you 're expected to just launch it out of play, 
  i feel pretty bad for doing it , but i pass it along the back four , then when i 'm pressured i launch it out of play for a throw-in in their half, 
  exactly . 
  we 're hesitant about giving anyone over 30 an extension . 
  i 'd take cole if he wanted modest wages , but he wo n't . 
  he was for porto , though . 
  i think we 've got our list of targets sorted . 
  players we 're definitely interested in . 
  lambert/lallana/lovren / caulker/moreno/bertrand ( oddly ) / siquiera/can/shaqiri / vorm . 
  i thought this at first , but is legit , echo and barrett are reporting it, 
  4 mil with addons, 
  only in america . 
  in the uk it was still the philosopher 's stone . 
  is this a reference to the poem ? 
  you must be loving it if we sign lovren for an inflated fee so bournemouth get less of the 25 % they 're owed for lallana, 
  cheers !, 
  been looking for that for a day now . 
  does anyone know how you get the time you finished at compared to everyone else 's up ? 
  i dunno man , turkey are n't a bad nation . 
  they have some good players . 
  does grease count ? 
  425 mb here ... 
  way different players . 
  it 'd be shaqiri if not lallana, 
  they 're both best when played on the left wing . 
  it 's supposedly because red is a strong , fierce colour . 
  connotes blood and danger etc. 
  if its a factor at all , it 's definitely not a major factor . 
  would it matter ? 
  anfield cat . 
  definitely the bosingwa one . 
  especially since he could n't be punished post match , because apparently the ref seen it , and did n't punish him . 
  doubt sanchez would be available , but we 'll have to move onto someone else now, 
  official means it 's on the lfc website . 
  i know he is , but i 'm saying i doubt barca would sell . 
  we wo n't go any higher than 25 million , transfer request or no . 
  to be honeat , as much as i like him 25 million is a bit much, 
  i think he 'll do really well . 
  he did n't do badly at leverkusen at all , bit of a slip of form and he was sacked , before that he had them in the cl places . 
  guess i have a new second team, 
  so 's pepe to be fair, 
  he 's not shire , he was disappointing this last season gone no doubt , but give the man a chance . 
  pepe was average until about 2007 then he turned into one of the best , then slipped back down in form . 
  mig should be number one next season unless we sign a new goalie, 
  it 's been a few years though now has n't it , and you 're still not quite back up there . 
  some good players of course , but what 's your owner like ? 
  the big lebowski . 
  seen it twice , did n't laugh , did n't enjoy it . 
  treasure planet, 
  signs fucked me up . 
  not a horror movie really , aliens fuck me up . 
  sounds a bit like national treasure too . 
  they nailed the pheonix saga in the cartoon . 
  it 's on netflix i believe, 
  he 's a very good player . 
  what wages you talking ? 
  yeah thats too much , he 's good , i really quite like him but that 's a bit much, 
  it 's great to watch though , stressful when you 're involved no doubt . 
  think we 're holding him hostage , not sure he still exists . 
  enrique , moreno and can will be excellent cover . 
  he would n't fit in at sevilla really . 
  where would he play ? 
  too good to be isco 's backup, 
  easy one , but which player has won a premier league , turkish league , serie a , champions league , and a euro 's , and was playing in england last year ? 
  typical answer and i apologise for saying it , but requiem for a dream . 
  nah , normally they just give me it two weeks before the end of the season or so, 
  of course you are , and that 's why questioning why someone 's voting labour , and using that as ammunition is n't too big of an issue . 
  hope it 's didi hamann, 
  iirc when he was coach at leicester , sven had only good words for him, 
  my grandad was on a submarine scanning for bombs and mines for the british army etc , i believe . 
  six feet under and battlestar galactica . 
  both hooked me like no other . 
  i remember simon cowell making a snide little comment about it being number one , and that 's when i knew it 'd succeeded . 
  started well on his debut , but from then on he was just poor . 
  he was really selfish and kept trying to do everything , and tried the ` headless chicken ' routine all too often . 
  he 's not a bad player , but he was for us . 
  he 'll join a midtable team and do well there . 
  he was a few times , not many . 
  when we tried our three at the back , two wingbacks and one behind the strikers . 
  glad we played hardball and did n't budge when they were trying to milk us . 
  for a few million two year ago , he 'd have been okay , probably been able to sell him on for a profit . 
  the one where they discover the concentration camps is so powerful,
