  til people age as they get older . 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  favourite show . 
  just perfect . 
  if henderson , gerrard , or lucas get injured , we literally do n't have a senior midfielder we could play . 
  alberto , possibly , though he 's much more of a # 10 than a midfielder . 
  i 'd happily take more own goals than goals , if i played in 737 matches for liverpool , earning a fortune . 
  shaw and schnielderlen ( sp ) , both very good i thought . 
  oh god . 
  i would n't care so much if they were a bit more unique with the same overriding story , but i just watched a three minute trailer for the first ep of g&s except with doppelganger yanks, 
  ca n't think of anyone from the comics he 'll be playing , to be honest . 
  i dunno man , i frequented / r/loseit and lost 40lbs without exercise, 
  `` and in my best behavior, 
  i am really just like him, 
  look beneath the floor boards, 
  for the secrets i have hid '', 
  agreed, 
  damn straight , hopefully he works in his distribution though , then he will be the full package, 
  easier to tense your leg muscles, 
  did n't like cersei for the first few books , but when it got to her own pov 's , i started liking her more when i noticed how delightfully insane she actually is . 
  adventure time , regular show , then past nine they have johnny bravo , courage , dexters lab etc , so i 'm not quite sure what you mean by that, 
  yes , people do n't know anything about things that happened before they were born . 
  i 've never heard of ' 70 's bands , or ' 80 's films . 
  if the characters are as quirky and hipstery as op claimed , then yes , she very well might do . 
  possibly a saudi team , or someone of that ilk ? 
  vote green !, 
  ~ ~ i know they 're not amazing but i 'd love to see them go more into the mainstream for an actual left winged party ~ ~, 
  oh i know there are loads , but this one was the closest to my accommodation . 
  as much as i love meat and ` tater pies , i ca n't be arsed looking around all the greggs for them, 
  to be fair , it 's quite nice up here . 
  bit scenic , how the stadium 's on top of the city centre . 
  i 'm incredibly homesick and i 'll probably drop out , but newcastle looks nice at least !, 
  give it chance . 
  a lot of it is political , but game of thrones is slow , acok/asos are amazing . 
  s'up to you though , i was hooked after the prologue, 
  i dunno , i 'd imagine they 'd happily go back to it , it 's what really pushed them into the public eye, 
  step 1 ; be pissed, 
  step 2 ; destroy that fucker, 
  step 3 ; regret it in the morning, 
  it 's the laugh track that annoys me . 
  some clips are funny , but the laugh track , dear god ... 
  been a while since that reply was relevant . 
  well done . 
  fabulous movie . 
  did n't expect how it was at all , very unique entertaining film . 
  we should go on a night out, 
  well , wine is one of your five-a-day, 
  or being drunk, 
  i 'm lucky , i 've smoked socially before , bit i never feel the urge unless i 'm really , really pissed . 
  when sober it just tastes vile, 
  i 'm more surprised the dm are stalking reddit , of all places , for their ` news ', 
  it 's more of a northern thing , my family say it all the time, 
  oo ee love , an get me a bottl of tet pop over theer love, 
  same . 
  now all they have is one copy of pre-owned sonic racing . 
  she may also have the khalasar , since they follow power , not blood . 
  and if they see a woman with three dragons , they 'd be stupid not to turn on jhogo ( right name ? ), 
  as well as possibly victarion 's iron fleet , and the weird people with the dog masks and them, 
  great episode . 
  but 10/10 is too much in my opinion . 
  his charm wore off quickly , for me . 
  he was funny , witty at first , but it just got tiresome . 
  he has this huge ` the world hates me ' complex , and fair enough , a lot do , but he 's also from the biggest family in westeros , one of the richest people there , yet he 's just so moany . 
  then a lot of stuff from the books which i wo n't get into, 
  it 's happened at every liverpool/united match for 2 , 3 years . 
  last year , both fans used them . 
  it 's nothing new . 
  moat cailin in my head , looks like one of the towers from lord of the rings, 
  not according to this table fella . 
  i laughed . 
  then realised small people are n't a race in game of thrones , either, 
  good thing you 're not blood related , then . 
  i 've read the books . 
  who do you mean ? 
  game of thrones joke was pretty relevant , mind . 
  shame borini went on loan . 
  think he has a part to play . 
  he 'd be starting right now , with coutinho injured . 
  shame . 
  he 's the closest player we have to coutinho . 
  in playstyle , alberto 's closer to coutinho . 
  suarez may be playing there , but he 's a different player, 
  do n't be so shy , go cook and talk to them . 
  that article says he joined england in 2008 , and was sacked in 2007 . 
  well played , beeb . 
  last one i went to , we beat this team of middle aged people ( group of 18 and 19 y.o ) and they kicked up a fuss and said we 'd cheated . 
  they could n't believe they could come second to us , even though we genuinely did n't cheat . 
  pissed me right off . 
  depends on which happened first , and for the life of me i ca n't remember . 
  either the wedding or the wall attack . 
  nah , it was definitely in asos , i just ca n't remember where abouts . 
  i felt a bit out of it , because i 'm english , but it still felt quite relevant, 
  i want to go to your school, 
  schindler 's list, 
  same . 
  changed quickly though . 
  aspas cost about 8 million , and is on a pretty low wage . 
  very harsh to say he 's going to flop , considering some of the other names up there like willian , who cost about x4 what aspas did,
