  he 's on a huge wage for a squad player though . 
  75 grand . 
  thank you !, 
  have you ate a pear yet ? 
  say `` no thanks , not interested '' and ask them to leave . 
  it 's not difficult . 
  no need to be a nob about it all . 
  jehova 's are generally nice people . 
  i disagree with their beliefs , but it 's their choice not mine . 
  roma, 
  better than the season prior , but still not worth the price paid , and still not good enough for a starting place . 
  he 's one of the expendable players in our squad i think , at his age he 'll be going downhill soon . 
  i ca n't see us actively looking to sell him , but if someone were interested we 'd be willing to let him go . 
  i 'm 17 , and even * i * remember it !, 
  no chance . 
  he 's needed here . 
  we have few enough defenders as is . 
  man city nailed on then, 
  an idea would be to go through the top few films on imdb . 
  shawshank , godfather , etc. 
  brazil are the only team to appear in every world cup finals ever . 
  only one player has scored a hattrick in a world cup match - sr geoff hurst . 
  an english manager has never won the english premier league . 
  any self respecting liverpool fan knows that heysel was largely the fault of our fans . 
  not many , though , not enough to entitle the ` anglo savages ' comment , that is just ludicrous . 
  generally , english fans are well mannered and look after themselves . 
  the match should n't have taken place at heysel in the first place , because the ground was in bad condition , but this is n't excusing those 14 liverpool ` fans ' charged from heysel . 
  i swear lawro , oddly , as a former ` pool player , just bloody hates liverpool . 
  one of the things i like about question time , they do n't just have politicians . 
  they always talk more sense than the politicians , unsurprisingly . 
  after going on that , i realised it 's basically the same as / r/gaming anyway, 
  mingolet has something though , which those mentioned did not , premier league experience . 
  i think it 's over emphasised by a lot of people , but it does give an air of reason for managers wanting to buy relatively proven . 
  lloris is great , leno , muslera , too , but we did n't need a goalkeeper when they were bought . 
  there 'll be other potential bargains out there , too , but paying 2 million more for an england proven player is n't the worse deal out there . 
  i thought of her as younger , about cersei 's age . 
  in the comics , she is . 
  not in the show . 
  yeah , but cersei 's about the age i pictured her when reading the book , as she is in the show . 
  whereas cat is about 10 years older than cersei in the show, 
  2,1,5,4,3 ( not seen 7 ), 
  i just really enjoyed the second one , then the 1st close behind , then the overs are a bit meh . 
  people get way too heated talking about it, 
  i liked ` thinking about you ', 
  did you also know that nin said cash 's version was better til til til, 
  / r/circlejerk, 
  the stereotype is that it 's a rough place , with a lot of thieving . 
  but statistically , it 's one of the safest cities in the uk . 
  it 's really working class , and the people are known for good sense of humour . 
  very culturally influental - music/football etc. 
  got the first one on my shelf , looking forward to starting it after the a song of ice and fire series . 
  are the ones after the first as short as the first one ? 
  that 's a really chill idea actually , cheers dude . 
  now i just need to find someone who can draw :p are there any subreddits were they take requests like that do you know ? 
  no , but players hardly go for their value . 
  i 'd rank ronaldo and messi as the only two players worth over 80 million . 
  bale 's actual value would be closer to 30 million , but obviously spurs do n't want to sell . 
  yeah i 'll have a look , cheers fella . 
  yeah love this song , but i 'd prefer not getting the lyrics really , just a bit something more original, 
  and 5 with messi, 
  everything 's coming up millhouse !, 
  post office by bukowski took me a day , and the great gatsby took me two . 
  they 're not exactly long books , though . 
  currently i 'd rate ince higher , but he also has a few years on sterling . 
  think sterling could be well better than ince in a few years , if he progresses adequately . 
  i 'm very happy with sterling 's contribution last season , cheaper than ince , too . 
  whilst i hate reddit 's hivemind and anti-islamic sentiments , particularly in the default reddits , but deleting commenting is an awful move to make . 
  especially with all the current nsa and censorship going on . 
  can we include / r/worldnews and / r/politics too ? 
  because they 're xenophobic and intolerant . 
  you 're allowed to dislike a religion , not stopping that , but considering the ` typical ' redditor calls for europe to ` make a stand ' and eradicate muslims , the same people who support the edl and all those fascist bullshit organisations like that . 
  breaking bad . 
  watched two seasons of it , did n't like it . 
  / r/liverpoolfc, 
  / r/tumblrinaction, 
  i always thought it was `` love thy neighbour '', 
  alternatively i find that the other cheapest place in the uk is asda , at # 250 . 
  jesus , this , is why / r/teenagers post quality is stupid . 
  are you sure they 're not just * talking to you as a friend * , as they do their male mates ? 
  if you 're ` one of the guys ' maybe they 're just treating you like they would if you had a willy . 
  that 's the thing , as the selling club , we 're in no rush at all to sell . 
  he wants to leave , sure , but he does n't strike me as someone who 'd strike if he did n't get his move , he 'd get on with it , like modric etc. 
  he 's just signed a new contract , so we could keep him for a few more years , in essence . 
  thats the bad thing about being the buying club , you do n't dictate the price , 
  it 'll be interesting , at liverpool and at ajax he was the ` main man ' , he wo n't be at madrid , he 'll be one of many world class players . 
  i expect him to leave , and i 'll be interested in seeing how he gets on with such quality about him . 
  tremors . 
  i often watch it whilst going to sleep , but often just watch all of it, 
  cornelius cost 7.5 million to cardiff ? 
  heck of a big price going from copenhagen , that is, 
  curious liverpool fan here , do n't watch much bundesliga . 
  how did hyypia get on with you lot playing ? 
  and how good would you rank him as a manager ? 
  i really hope he manages us in a few years when his skills are toned . 
  cheers dude , i really hope he is the manager here at some point . 
  i like what rodgers is doing , but i ca n't see him being here more than the next 4/5 odd years , i hope it is sammi that takes over . 
  him and rodgers are the same age , too , shocked when i learnt that , they look so different , sammi does n't age . 
  there 's always a place in our hearts for sammi , best defender i 've seen at anfield . 
  the same i did when this last thread was created . 
  it 's raining in england !,
