  wank , but do n't watch porn ? 
  just remember he 's never won a trophy at everton ... 
  ultimately , is n't that what football 's about ? 
  oh he has done , but it 's a massive risk to hire a manager for a club like united when he has never won a trophy . 
  spurs were 4th in the table 05/06 , last game of the season . 
  they had lasagne and half the squad got food poisoning and missed the match , they lost and arsenal finished 4th, 
  twitter would be so dull, 
  that 's why i love gonzalo castro at leverkusen . 
  not only can he play nearly every position , but green at them too . 
  no we do n't :(, 
  i was surprised when i learnt that it flopped , but i suppose it is to a niche audience . 
  you 're a sick person . 
  except no you should n't , and that 's a daft thing to say . 
  `` hey guys , this person likes something i do n't understand , what a prick '', 
  does n't mean only ` babies ' can like it though . 
  anyone can like it and if you judge them , then you 're a prick . 
  and the mandatory johnny cash comment has been made , as expected . 
  slipknot - vermillion pt . 
  i apologise on behalf of them . 
  source :17 y.o on half term who has hardly moved out of his house . 
  you can respond in two ways , either the gif which turns moyes into his lookalike - gollum , or simply make reference to their ability at winning trophies . 
  i love it post match when suarez plays . 
  you get two gifs of his goals , and then a gif of an incident of alleged stamping . 
  i swear half of / r/soccer threads are about him . 
  ` pool fans snuck some into old trafford earlier in the season , made it look wonderful . 
  wish they were allowed . 
  football would be a much duller sport if that happened . 
  adding onto this , for the size of our country , we 're incredibly influential , culturally important and once upon a time owned like half the world . 
  what was sung ? 
  slater from dazed and confused . 
  every line or time he appears on scene i crack up . 
  you 're way over thinking it . 
  they 're people , just like you . 
  imagine they have a dick , and now talk to them . 
  so brave, 
  like what ? 
  this thread is always my favorite repost , because every comment is exactly the same too . 
  it 's like groundhog day . 
  edit - what have i started, 
  okay , thanks for letting us know . 
  i completely agree . 
  i 've seen it twice , under recommendation to rewatch it because ` it gets better the second time , honest ! ', 
  and i just do n't see it . 
  think the only bit i felt amused at was the ultra-militaristic guy and steve buscemi 's character , occasionally . 
  even people who have n't seen it know the rule to be fair . 
  i met someone once who did n't even know it was a film , just thought it was a famous quote . 
  gosh . 
  suppose it depends on the individual . 
  i know some girls who do n't care about talking about stuff like that , just like i know some boys who do n't like to talk about it . 
  i 'd put it down to individuals , and not a specific gender difference . 
  i now have you tagged as ` spits ', 
  acquafresca sounds like an air freshener, 
  same for steve ` he 's got a big fat head ' bruce . 
  edit : repost, 
  requiem for a dream . 
  not because it was bad , just depressing as fuck . 
  currently towards the end of season one of breaking bad . 
  it 's really slow so far . 
  schindler 's list is one of the happier holocaust films , to be honest . 
  grave of the fireflies , requiem for a dream , happiness , are my sad films . 
  that 's true , i am his uncle . 
  his facebook and twitter page backs this up . 
  same for his charity work . 
  he 's passionate on-field , sometimes it fizzles over , but i agree . 
  players like cantona drop kicked fans , yet suarez gets flack to the hills and back . 
  with carragher retiring , coates frustrated and skrtel seemingly possibly leaving , we could end up needing three, 
  it also has no adult filter or nsfw tag, 
  call me stupid , because i am . 
  but surely if we were in a computer simulation , the simulator would probably not want us figuring that out so they would stop us in some way or another . 
  i 'll console him when i see him again edit - i 'm here with him now !, 
  really ? 
  i mean , i 'm 17 and i watched and loved the shit out of it, 
  everyone who goes to nudist beaches are not celebrity model stars , to put it lightly ... 
  they 're not in the uk . 
  because europe is a massive place with many different cultures . 
  the worst you 'll get here are over the top , slightly funny anti drug adverts, 
  no he was n't . 
  he done some nice passing occasionally and linked up well , but he was not underrated . 
  he just was n't anything special , and he hardly played . 
  shock surprise , a player might join a massive club ** if ** they make a bid for him which the club accepts ? 
  gemma , emma and paige . 
  everytime you wake up in the middle of the night , it 's because someone 's watching you . 
  tell that to gullible people , it 's * hilarious *, 
  no similar experiences , because we * do n't have gun ownership ... *, 
  hahaha , i knew it 'd get this response . 
  in the same respect , our population is n't that massive , and since we have the ocean between us and the rest of the world , once we got rid of the walkers there , we could be okay-ish . 
  apparently there 's about 62 million , which is a fuckload , do n't get me wrong . 
  but places like france would be fucked because they have borders three ways . 
  i 'd imagine we 'd close up our borders pretty quickly , and we have a relatively good army and forces , plus the ta and whatnot , so i think they could keep everything relatively in hand . 
   castles and swords, 
  we 're not in the crusades over here dude :p, 
  i would n't even know where to get a sword from !, 
  the best would be the large butter knives and steak knives and that, 
  that 's a lot of nuts, 
  it was n't , that movie was wonderful . 
  and not even in the ` so bad it 's good ' way, 
  tremors !, 
  you have beautiful eyes . 
  nope . 
  there is genuinely only one non-american , and it 's you .
