  great movie . 
  does n't get enough credit . 
  if you have a virgin tivo box , it does all of this already . 
  i 'd start watching valencia if favre joined them . 
  there 's something so pleasing about watching his teams . 
  one of the movies that seems to get better through every watch . 
  a big step up , but the problem is qpr for the last few years have been a very turbulent club . 
  it 'd be an interesting appointment , but it may be too early in his career for him, 
  i always found him to be one of the laziest comedians . 
  he seems to barely ever update his material, 
  in our current squad , he is, 
  yeah , we should have cut the chord after a year on lucas too , back when he was shite in 2008 . 
  i just played a mill control warrior . 
  honestly did n't know how to react to it . 
  bouncing the oracles back , deathlords etc , and the rest of his deck was basic control . 
  berger was not a flop, 
  i like wimbledon . 
  it 's on when my birthday is , so i remember it 's my birthday, 
  same , mine votes against gay marriage , tuition fees et al. 
  he 's not bad about a lot of stuff , but when it comes to civil matters he 's incredibly conservative for labour, 
  michael bay says hi, 
  for me it 's just moba 's . 
  most genres there 's a game or two i like from it , but moba 's are just meh to me . 
  lfc team to face @southamptonfc : bogdan , randall , skrtel , lovren , moreno , can , lucas , allen , lallana , origi , sturridge, 
  our full backs are getting minced . 
  calm down , love . 
  love you no matter what , danny . 
  look at him slouching , lazy cunt, 
  how big is your building ? 
  still singing your songs ? 
  so pleased for origi . 
  been scrutinized since day one . 
  we played excellent , just need to take our away form into our home matches . 
  they looked like they were replacing really well last season, 
  last few times away fans have been in the home end near me , they do n't get ejected , only when they celebrate ott like tits, 
  yeah , ca n't really complain . 
  if i was in his shoes , i would n't complain . 
  though , i do wonder about players like enrique for us . 
  good enough to still play top flight footy , but turned down clubs to see out his contract with us . 
  exclusive daily star breaking news : `` every club in world wants to sign one of the top 5 players in the world '', 
   george boateng, 
  that name 's a blast from the past . 
  used to rate him . 
  give a deck list then, 
  considering the last two seasons have been meh , i would n't be so confident . 
  i 'm sure given vardy 's form this year , and charlie austin 's rise a few years ago too , someone will want to give him a chance, 
  some teams in the conference are ` pro ' , though are n't they ? 
  the bigger teams are anyway, 
  if you speak to liverpool fans , he was really highly rated . 
  if he got over his injuries , i 'd think he 'd be our starting right back . 
  never let us down, 
  needs more edge of tomorrow, 
  our corners are so so bad . 
  no one else can , really . 
  moreno can put in a mean cross , he 's taken a few recently . 
  i think it 's like the players have little privacy because newcastle 's such a football place with only really one team, 
  it 's only recently they look wank . 
  once they got relegated and came back up , they looked good for a few years, 
  no no no no no . 
  kryi was a hero . 
  not the best player in the world , but always done a job , and always looked like scoring from set pieces . 
  came in to replace sammi 's role , he was good . 
  bit harsh then, 
  i used to like him to be fair . 
  scored on our way to the cl win , was good for recreativo too . 
  no he 's not , but that 's the type of thing people remember , rather than thinking of say , pizzaro, 
  i really liked the look of giles barnes back then , thought he 'd be really good, 
  it 's great how well they 're doing and they look really good . 
  i keep thinking the bubble 's going to burst , and it is . 
  thought it would have by now , but i think about sixth will be where they finish . 
  looking for a new fun deck . 
  got a handlock , tempo mage and control warrior . 
  i play more for fun than for ranking up ( still would n't mind climbing the ladder further than my record of rank 11 ) . 
  i have plenty of dust , just wondering what 's fun to play in the current meta, 
  you sure ? 
  ysera is great in most control decks . 
  not seen a control warrior without ysera, 
  i packed malygos last week , nor disenchanted yet , but i was planning to . 
  before i do is there any vaiable deck which runs it ? 
  that 's a good one . 
  let 's forget about the third one , though . 
  i like all of them in their own way to be honest , even the fourth one was n't bad . 
  not sure if it 's better , but wayne 's world 2 is excellent . 
  do bond movies count ? 
  if it 's city or arsenal i do n't really mind seeing them go far . 
  united and chelsea i want to crash and burn regardless of opposition . 
  he 's not very inconsistent at all . 
  he 's not a worldie , he 's happy to sit on the bench 75 % of the time and normally does a job when he needs to . 
  that 's just keep the ball , and press when he has n't got it . 
  not in january i 'd imagine . 
  oh yeah , them cornish accents . 
  yeah definitely remember villa fans doing it at anfield a few goals down, 
  yeah , still hear nothing ever happens on absolute radio, 
  i was born in 95 , i know loads of people that have seen it too . 
  pretty big movie . 
  easily my favourite ` coming of age ' movie . 
  so much fun, 
  very different movies . 
  session 9 is a psych horror , and it 's really good . 
  shite , piss , shower and lucozade and you 're sound,
