  heck i 'm drinking guinness right now . 
  smoked weed once or twice , i 'd do it again , but i would n't really pay for it, 
  if we 're trying to sell , we 'd be lucky to get 15 million . 
  local here - they do n't get any less creepy , trust me . 
  and very lovely people !, 
  i think this sums it up quite nicely, 
  tumblr . 
  it 's like a blogging site mixed with social networking . 
  i know he 's an evertonian/manc hybrid , but heck . 
  jelavic from everton . 
  we 'd all be very tired, 
  what a sexy kit we have . 
  i 'm exactly the same , except i do n't have the flu , and i 'll be on the couch for weeks, 
  nearly 10pm gmt , britain . 
  i 've only left the house for walking my dog twice to the next door park . 
  been on reddit all day otherwise , going to order pizza . 
  yup , this is summer alright . 
  [ napoleon xiv - they 're coming to take me away ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnzhtm1jhl4 ), 
  not a question bro . 
  wrong type of football, 
  i was just curious if it will be badly hurt , and better off dead or whatever . 
  now i do n't want to let my dog outside because she 'll probably sniff it out, 
  yeah that 's what i was debating . 
  if i could find it , i 'm not sure what an injured hedgehog looks like really . 
  i figured it must be pretty okay since it 's made its escape completely from my view , and i had a quick look and i could n't find it anywhere . 
  guess i 'll have to look in the morning , and supervise my dog when i let her out, 
  i 've had a look out and i could n't find it , i even let my dog out supervised and she did n't bother looking for it , so i imagine it 's gone now thankfully . 
  cheers, 
  desperado 's tequila beer . 
   liverpool however is where they could do something . 
  based on the past two seasons , spurs should be head and shoulders above them and should have no problem bidding for their players , so why not ? 
  downing , despite an awful season last term is an excellent footballer and would fit in really well ( him with bale and lennon taking turns on either wing and the centre would be formidable , as was milner young and downing at villa ) . 
  but one player if signed would make everyone start to think of spurs as genuine title contenders - suarez . 
  yes he is a & % # $ !, 
  but he is also a fantastic player , a talisman that would bring together the talented players in spurs 's midfield into a lethal attacking force that would work every match . 
  spurs always have had a great build up play , but so often last season they ended up passing it around the edge of the area and ended up with crosses vaguely aimed at a tall guy . 
  suarez ( plus a more mobile player in vdv 's position ) would change this undoubtedly . 
  price would be high , but worth it . 
  want downing ? 
  take him !, 
  suarez is unrealistic . 
  he 's not the type of player to jump ship , he 's very committed to liverpool , hence the new contract talks even though he has four years left . 
  i do n't think he 'll stay with us forever , but i do think he will not move away in the next year or two , especially to spurs . 
  i know they 've finished ahead of us for a few years and probably have better players currently , but i think he sees us as having the potential to really jump ahead in the next few years . 
  plus his price would be far , far too high for spurs to pay . 
  we do n't need to sell him , so he 'd cost about 40 million . 
  a price levy would n't pay for anyone . 
  does happen . 
  just not often . 
  bobby moore has one retired at west ham i think , puscas , baggio , maldini , maradona , larsson , and recently adam stansfield of exeter got number 9 retired for him after he passed . 
  that one of my posts will be put on / r/shitredditsays & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  [ op delivars with proof ] ( http://oi45.tinypic.com/29w7as8.jpg ), 
  i ca n't say i 've ever properly seen him play , but i 'm glad roma have signed someone rated so highly . 
  i do like them as a club , partly due to the fsg links , partly due to totti . 
  kind of worked well for everyone with us signing borini and them signing destro . 
  right now the biggest regret i have is not doing like anything with my life . 
  looking around , all my friends are doing things , having a life etc , and i 'm sat here wasting away my best years because i 'm too shy and anxious to do anything . 
  arnie replacing kirsten stewart . 
  i do n't even know where/how to start , otherwise i probably would have :( . 
  only 17 . 
  i know i 'm young and there 's time to change that , but i just ca n't see myself ever really changing and coming out of my shell . 
  i do like him , but 15 million seems steep , i 'd say we can get better , cheaper , but rodgers really does seem to love him . 
  hope so , barbiedragon . 
  i know i 'm still really young , but i still think my teenage years should be better than this , these are apparently the best times of your life , and mine have been terrible . 
  getting older i ca n't see myself changing , and i just feel useless at everything i do , and try to do . 
  i am 17, 
  every three days or so, 
  everywhere, 
  [ link for the image i just took . 
  excuse the tiger onesie and the drunken look and poor camera quality . 
  ] ( http://desmond.yfrog.com/himg618/scaled.php?tn=0&amp;server=618&amp;filename=fs3pf.jpg&amp;xsize=640&amp;ysize=640 ), 
  santa cruz has to be up there, 
  literally this . 
   i could see he had talen , but viewed him little more than a poor man 's makelele . 
  how much did you watch him ? 
  because he * was * outstanding here . 
  i third that . 
  yossi wanted to leave liverpool , and as it turns out up to now , it 's one of the worst decisions he 's made based on play time he 's had.very , very inconsistent player . 
  cheers for that . 
  the marrow bats are n't very good , but they were flying so i included them :p as for the butcher 's cleavers , i put them in so phylactery lich could come in because i believe you need artifact 's to put counters on them to get in him, 
  no question . 
  just wanted to say i 've masturbated to you . 
  carry on . 
  well a few in the olympics , a few still recovering from the euro 's , and plenty rested . 
  it 's only pre-season and rodgers still does n't know what to expect from his squad . 
  hopefully from these matches he 'll learn cole and adam are not good . 
  gerrard , borini and lucas will get 15 or so minutes though . 
   was there drugs or alcohol ? 
  of course !, 
  every teenage party i 've been to , there has been . 
  admittedly that 's only about 5 , but still . 
  i 'm in england too :p, 
  my brethren , our time will come . 
  question to rangers fans - do you think mccoist is actually good for you ? 
  he did n't set out to hurt him , he 's just an awful tackler , that 's all . 
  that second one is not a ` horror tackle ' . 
  it 's just late and mistimed , [ roy keane on haland is a horror tackle ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_st29mlqwu ), 
  i 'm pretty sure i went there last summer.that is all . 
  i have over five weeks until i go back . 
  have fun at school you guys ...
