  not heard anyone say anything close to that . 
  according to google , they 're just running shoes, 
  nope . 
  well , not here in the uk at least . 
  not in schools . 
  not just west ham fans were surprised . 
  even more surprised mash barely got played . 
  god i miss rafa 's signings . 
  never seen one , do n't know anyone who has . 
  might be a british tradition but never heard of it . 
  gullible shits, 
  baseless , but to be honest our committee 's not exactly got a good history , so it would n't be surprising . 
  well when they send them in they amount to nothing to . 
  lallana is so negative and slow . 
  no , he 's just not very good . 
  benteke to save the day ... 
  you ca n't say you 've been impressed by milner this season . 
  to be fair , under them at least we were top 4 , even if we had 6 first team players, 
  in that case , fuck paying my tv license . 
  so happy . 
  none of this fiddly renolock, 
  oblivion, 
  they should start all their ads with a disclaimer `` if you have average eyes , do n't bother applying '', 
  my two least favourite drinks in the world . 
  two negatives make a positive ? 
  casual is fun for wanting to play new decks , and get good with them . 
  not saying it 's easier , but the fact there 's no apparent rating means you always run into people playing new/weird decks rather than people netdecking constantly, 
  because he 's the only guy in our team that can create anything . 
  it is frustrating , but when you have benteke ahead of you , i 'd do the same . 
  oh yes , the all knowing ` agent edward ' guy, 
  the box costs more than the popcorn inside . 
  the electricity to run the machine probably does cost more than the popcorn . 
  a box of cardboard costs more than all the popcorn inside of it, 
  you do n't really have to smuggle it in , the staff do n't care . 
  if you take out what you bring in , no one will mention anything . 
  is n't a city, 
  how is it ridiculous ? 
  my mistake . 
  did n't know it was the capital as well as name of country . 
  if it was , he could still go the match . 
  appendicitis is worse, 
  big sam and his voodoo doctor, 
  that 's part of what 's making leicester so good , literally a team full of work horses . 
  op your match thread is wank and you 're a bad person . 
  you think your corners are bad ? 
  should watch us . 
  we have better luck at scoring from throw-ins, 
  you do n't even get karma from self posts too iirc , so it 's so pointless, 
  you know arsenal will capitulate , they * always * do , but leicester are a bit of an unknown quantity at this stage . 
  gotten to the point where their form just is n't dipping that they 're genuinely one of the title favourites . 
  he 's always like this . 
  so hot/cold . 
  not the worst shout if he keeps going like he is . 
  would be a few years though . 
  they also usually do n't win the league . 
  glad i 'd left by the time they scored . 
  seen the johnson goal gif , classic mignolet . 
  hendo and can woeful, 
  hes been brilliant at times ? 
  played well when he came on, 
  like we do every season ? 
  unfortunately , unless this is a regular occurrence , the owners and ayre will just stay quiet , wait for it to quieten down and things will continue as normal . 
  no one in our squad is a captain to be honest . 
  very solid . 
  our shining light in defense . 
  bit hot/cold sometimes , but really talented . 
  too slow , never wants to be in the box , does n't work hard enough . 
  though to be fair , he just does n't fit in enough in our side . 
  ings : 7/10 . 
  really like him , shame about his injury . 
  origi : 6/10 . 
  not seen enough of him to make a proper judgement . 
  not seen him much , but not impressive when we 've seen him . 
  honestly been disappointed in him , does n't do enough . 
  what 's most frustrating is that it 's estimated they 'll only make an extra 2 million from the change . 
  we make so much more money from shirt sales/sponsorship deals as well as this new huge tv deal etc than from ticketing . 
  this should have been the time to either freeze prices , or even lower them . 
  he was great last year . 
  he 's too good for us . 
  if he goes anywhere it 'll be a champo league side . 
  maybe psg ? 
  martinez and rodgers are such similar managers . 
  both in how they wan na play , and comments like these . 
  what type of cheese ? 
  yep . 
  he 's our best . 
  but that just shows how shit all our centre backs are . 
  is n't that druid 's ` shtick ' though ? 
  good crosses ? 
  must be a great job mignolet has . 
  does n't matter how shit you play , always starts . 
  yeah i like them more than i ever did setanta sports . 
  they should move their fucking scoreboard from the bottom corner though . 
  not as bad as the new armed forces adverts . 
  shit i forgot it 's pancake day . 
  yep, 
  we love our perpetually offside strikers . 
  balotelli , benteke . 
  when classic comes in dr boom will only be playable in wild . 
  the legendaries you listed as ones you want are all pretty good though , if you wan na play pretty much any mage you need antonidas , if you wan na play pretty much any warrior , grom is necessary , too .
