  brilliant atmosphere that night . 
  we were dominating so much i sort of just thought they were going to sneak one late on and win 1-0 , ( i 'm an eternal pessimist ) , but goddamn place erupted when kuyty scored, 
  your last sentence is what we had done all match since materazzi got sent off . 
  we constantly switched it from one side to the other , by this point they were exhausted, 
  christ , imagine the acceleration from the front four, 
  he knows he 's not amazing going forward , so he does n't try to overdo it . 
  do n't get me wrong he does , and has n't done badly attacking by any means , but he 's a lot more aware defensively than johnson and walker . 
  and sturridge . 
  the parents on that show are just as bad . 
  what the heck were you expecting to see when you follow your kids hundreds of miles away ? 
  talk about lack of trust . 
  my nan used to teach me a racist slur song on the way to the chippy ( ran by chinese folk ) , and i was none the wiser because i was like 8 , of what i was singing . 
  ` chinky chinky chinaman , mushy mushy spout , me afraid , me afraid , very very [ something , idk ] ), 
  you need to go somewhere with self service to save the embarrassment, 
  got this in its alpha phase , just because i wanted to support it , not been on it in ages , is it a lot better now ? 
   countless and there are also lfc scarves and badges . 
  perhaps most remarkably of all , approximately 30 per cent of borussia supporters actually watch their home matches wearing a liverpool shirt . 
  that 's what i thought , why i quoted it . 
  whether he 's one of only two options , surely it makes some sense , since he cost around 30 mil iirc , and he 's 28 , so possibly now past his peak . 
  keep him another two , three years , you wo n't get a fraction of that fee back, 
  suarez has scored against every current prem side now, 
  edit _ even beat the commentator saying that !, 
  brilliant play from allen , suarez doing what he does best , getting himself between the defender and the ball . 
  recently he 's been having one of those days far too often, 
  underdog syndrome ? 
  i 'd play him over barkley, 
  well in raheem son, 
  sasas, 
  poor johnson . 
  very poor . 
  those missed points against city and chelsea are really costing us right now ... 
  why ? 
  aspas coming on when 2-0 with five mins left ? 
  or do you mean sterling coming on as a sub , and scoring ? 
  first year with liverpool , the club makes nearly 200 million profit ... it 's great . 
  i left celtic after winning the league about four times , 3 or so cups , and getting to the semi 's of the cl after beating real madrid on their turf 4-0 , just because i was getting bored . 
  joined fulham , and flopped , got annoyed and left the save ... 
  suarez deserves to play for the best team in the world . 
  i have family in preston , so i think i might have ended up supporting pne too . 
  three years ago when rangers were still good , i managed celtic , and had an awful start . 
  could n't get going , i was about fifth , out of all the cups . 
  then i started paddy mccourt , and he almost singlehandedly dragged me to winning the league on the last day , which was the first time we had been top all season , and mccourt won poty . 
  we then won the league for the next three years , and had some great champions league moments . 
  mccourt , maloney on the wings , felipe caicedo banging them in . 
  bad starts work themselves out eventually , stay true !, 
  they were going to make another series , but could n't think up enough ideas to create another . 
  glad they decided not to , rather than have 2,3 awful episodes in a 6 season show . 
  that 's just it . 
  if we make champions league football we 'll need more striking options . 
  like kuyt did . 
  if true i think it would be , but the player would need to seek legal action , and considering where liverpool are right now , he would n't want to . 
  would n't be a cup final without a kid crying, 
  biton is really good . 
  what happened to balde ? 
  love the player who followed it in , and his the crossbar, 
  lefte is horrific . 
  tastes like you have ants in your mouth, 
  working in a loan brokerage , i can confirm you need to be a horrible cunt to succeed in jobs like them . 
  same . 
  i used to watch it every evening until the channel it was on got cancelled . 
  so good revisiting all these episodes again . 
  if you 're relegated , i 'd imagine him going to a higher table side . 
  honestly , we could do with another dm to challenge lucas . 
  having a bloke on a mic does n't = ultras ... 
  someone her age i 'd imagine peach schnappes would be a great first drink for her, 
  sat here for 5 minutes , really struggling to come up with anything for six feet under . 
  rumour has it rodgers has a load of time for tello , and we 've tried to sign him twice now . 
  stupid petition . 
  not cleverly 's biggest fan , and i do n't think he should be a starter but any petition like that is just beyond stupid . 
  almost as stupid as the #freesuarez one . 
  he 's such a hipster, 
  my cousin had a moses action figure , came with a stick and stone tablets . 
  no doubt if he 's fit , he 's one of the better keepers in the country . 
  i used to love it , but after matt smith 's first season i just got bored of it . 
  i watched it since it came back on tele , until the latest christmas special . 
  do n't think i 'll watch it anymore , the magic 's gone for me . 
  they do n't need to be told when to laugh , but you can tell when they 're supposed to , because the actors almost stop and wait for them . 
  especially since it 's one of the most formulaic shows you 'll ever see , they know exactly when to laugh , whether they find it funny or not . 
  perfect timing , just about to order the blu-ray collection !, 
  given how much commitment , and support most people who like football have for their team , there 's nothing wrong with saying ` we ' . 
  still worth it, 
  for having manners . 
  i know its their job , but it 's not them that charge such stupid prices sometimes , they 're just doing their job , and having manners is never wrong, 
  i iike him , i just think the writing is bad , and did n't really get the best out of him, 
  in cheshire ? 
  which club mate ? 
  northwich ? 
  grosse point blank, 
  we have almost none in my home town ( about 60 thousand people ) , as soon as i go liverpool they all congregate outside the primark and hand you the stupidest fliers . 
  really ? 
  been here years and not seen it mentioned, 
  the amount of 1-0 wins they have is a lot iirc , so i would n't say ` when they 're on , they 're on ' , but i 'd definitely say their defence is really good , apart from when they go down , then they go really down . 
  vertonghen could play for any team in england . 
  did n't he have a falling out with big sam about his agent or something ? 
  i think we 'll make a profit on him , considering his low fee we paid , too . 
  so it 's not all bad . 
  so was i , they have plenty of clean sheets because they kept winning with 1-0 wins . 
  i think the north east one would be good if you put henderson in over danny graham , and have him along side carrick . 
  that team would be decent . 
  yeah mate , i 'm only in l1 maybe once every month but it seems every time i go they 're there !,
