  he 's the one who built the foundations for liverpool 's dominance for the decades afterwards . 
  he joined us after we were a shambles , he left us fa cup winners . 
  i loved all the tracking shots , and all the sound sounded so genuine . 
  the long shots with all the fighting going on were just great . 
  great timing op . 
  starting the year as i plan to continue it , drunk , watching the godfather . 
  happy new years ya load of cunts, 
  i 'd imagine it 'd mean us loaning him back to derby, 
  that 's the new favourite way of playing . 
  we 've been doing that with lucas for a couple of years now . 
  we stopped using them when we realised johnson 's playing shite , and enrique 's injured , and to use it you need two really good wing backs . 
  it worked well for us , though . 
  that way it allowed coutinho to play in his favourite # 10, 
  pretty much , but according to that article , all we 're doing for that right is to loan wisdom for the rest of the season . 
  about 20 million , i 'd imagine . 
  we do need reinforcements if we want the top four . 
  they were booing him, 
  he never does well . 
  he is just so lazy, 
  but ... he 's english !, 
  english do n't dive !, 
  `` young brazilian solo '' sounds like a porno, 
  losing 5-0 is more dangerous, 
  he had a really good ' 06/07 . 
  his half volley against chelsea was brilliant . 
  obviously not in the same sport as ronaldo , never mind the ballpark, 
  can we just , like , end the season now . 
  ^ ^ please, 
  agreed , i like how they linked it in to the first one . 
  it is n't a masterpiece , but as far as horror sequels go , this is n't bad . 
  can i ask , what 's wrong with his eyebrows ? 
  the wage factored into the relatively low transfer fee, 
  do n't forget pub quiz 's , no one goes to them to get drunk , just socialise , have a laugh and a few pints, 
  seems a bit pointless really . 
  fountains probably have the same water for taps anyway, 
  tea time is dinner . 
  unless you mean the drink , in which case it 's always tea time . 
  it 's fun, 
  barely anyone loves the queen or royal family . 
  no one talks about them , barely anyone watches the queen 's speech on christmas day . 
  we just do n't think about them, 
  loud , and fake . 
  i used to sometimes play xbox with an american and whenever they 'd say `` oh my god '' i wanted to fly over , hurt them then leave . 
  you all can be so bloody loud, 
  oh it is , it just means we do n't drag shows out unnecessarily, 
  mate you need a full english down you . 
  you 'll be in love . 
  we 'd need to sign two new players to replace him . 
  which wo n't happen . 
  he did n't start in the champions league , or fa cup final , though , iirc . 
  he 's a huge drain on their finances in context . 
  is n't he on like 200k p/w, 
  nah he 's not , the owner wanted him , but i think he 'll be pissed off at him too , at this point . 
  plenty of room in the squad for both of them . 
  either sides , cou in the centre , luis up top, 
  yeah , honestly i do n't see him coming back to england , but if he does , it would be here . 
  he 's always talked about how he still loves liverpool , his kids support them etc. 
  some players you just do n't see joining rivals , alonso 's one of them, 
  this whole ` selfish bayern ' thing is ridiculous . 
  everyone here is just jealous of them , let 's be honest . 
  they 're the best team in the world , and they 're taking advantage of another club who 's star player 's contract is running out . 
  any other club in the world would have tried to sign lewa . 
  they 're buying when they 're successful , which is what every team on top should do . 
  if that 's a one off , then no harm . 
  that would n't have been why they booed him . 
  at least he was n't going out and drinking , at least . 
  dick jokes every minute . 
  like any football club . 
  tickets , sponsors and merchandise . 
  i swear the only youth players we buy are wingers . 
  unwelcome change from trashing your own city . 
  saying that , trashing sunderland would only make the place look nicer . 
  whoever 's squad depth is stronger will probably finish there . 
  interesting to see what our clubs do in january, 
  switzerland will make the world cup quarters . 
  swansea or stoke will be relegated, 
  do you think he 'll stay now ? 
  he was quite certain to leave was n't he . 
  sterling , jerome thomas , jordan ibe , adjorjan , kristoffer peterson, 
  , harry wilson . 
  have to say , you held 320lbs incredibly well . 
  without your title i 'd have guessed you were much less than that . 
  you look loads better now of course !, 
  they would n't sell to us , and anyway , he 's not the player we need . 
  i did n't really see where the 5 minutes came from either , to be honest, 
  `` you actually like * stannis * ?! '', 
  damn skippy i do . 
  treasure planet, 
  yup , ban away fans for a couple of matches . 
  bet you they wo n't do it when the ban 's over . 
  tbh i think most fans would . 
  especially for home teams . 
  well , maybe except millwall . 
  never too late !, 
  maybe i 'm biased , but i 'd start sturridge . 
  looking at that team , there are n't many goalscorers other than rooney , i do n't know who 'd score . 
  he played really well , but christ , the commentators have a bigger hard on for him than any player since beckham . 
  would you need to pay compo ? 
  not if he goes to a smaller club, 
  no chance with either of them anyhoo,
