  we ca n't watch it anymore , our dog does n't like the noise it makes when they get it right and barks his head off . 
  not that i would anyway , pointless is superior, 
  as a stark lover , he 's still one of my favourite characters . 
  if youre just a show watcher , you 'll find out why eventually, 
  i 'd definitely try get around to it eventually , whether you like the show or not , to be honest . 
  after reading them , i loved jaimie , and sansa , and catelyn more than i ever did , and hate dany and tyrion . 
  really alters your perception of the characters after reading them !, 
  over here it 's only underage drinking towards the end of secondary school/sixth form . 
  ca n't imagine college/uni without legal booze, 
  as an englishman , i never understood j-walking . 
  care to explain exactly what it is ? 
  is it just walking somewhere you should n't be ? 
  show any interest in me . 
  at all, 
  anything, 
  just acknowledging my existence, 
  as long as it does n't affect you , i do n't see why you should care . 
  if someone wants to eat so much their health suffers , then fair enough . 
  you can offer them friendly support/advice to lose weight , but discriminating against them is just mean . 
  to be honest , i 'd be really surprised if you did n't recognise him after watching it . 
  his face has barely changed, 
  using more resources , perhaps . 
  but they pay for the extra . 
  take up more food ? 
  indeed . 
  they pay for that , thus paying a higher vat . 
  it 's not bloody selfish to be fat , it 's a life choice . 
  it 's their life , if they want to be fat , skinny , arnie-styled-muscley , it 's not our place to judge them, 
  my body matter is billions of years old too, 
  it 's nice to be honest , i 'm glad we made that law . 
  train stations seem to be the worst for having to pay to poop, 
  bloody heck ? 
  waitrose ?!, 
  someone 's splashing out !, 
  do you have rosacea ? 
  dead things in the water ? 
  what 's this again ? 
  to be honest , she 's a bit tan so could possibly play a dornish character , or possibly an essosi . 
  that would be amazing . 
  there are a bunch of badass asoiaf characters but id never say tyrion was one of them . 
  he 's just annoying in adwd to be honest , personally i 'd say arya , jaimie for a start . 
  each to their own i guess, 
  some solid games in the top 10 . 
  lego city should be ahead of nsmb i 'd reckon . 
  other than that , pretty much spot on . 
  yeah i know what you mean . 
  especially like in asoiaf when you get inside of the character 's heads you get a much better picture of them and their schemes and that . 
  daily . 
  mail . 
  it was nice to get to wembley twice , though we lost one . 
  but we were literally awful in the league . 
  for a while , worse than we were under hodgson in all honesty . 
  maxi and kuyt kept getting left out , when they should have been starting over downing and hendo, 
  not surprised , he 's quality . 
  thought he could easily have gone to a pl team, 
  i like it . 
  it might not be amazing , not the best wrote , but it 's very entertaining in my opinion , and some wonderful acting in it . 
  but to be honest , it 's quite a popular opinion to say twd 's shite, 
  i 've never had it , never wanted to . 
  seems like cheating if you put chocolate on toast for breakfast . 
  first two seasons were average i thought , enjoyed the rest a lot more though . 
  mike and gus are great characters, 
  never read the book , but treasure planet was my fave film as a kid, 
  `` we look up at the same stars , and see such different things . '' george r. r. martin , a storm of swords, 
  i watched up to season 3 , then over the summer read all the books . 
  but my brother done it in the opposite way . 
  personally , i 'd watch some of it before reading it , because then you wo n't be constantly picking out flaws in the show postreading it, 
  a storm of swords by grrm . 
  about 1200 pages , so it was n't that long really . 
  especially since it took about 2 days because i marathoned the shit out of it, 
  yup . 
  after i finished game of thrones , after reading for about 4 hours without moving i stood up , stretched . 
  sat back down , realised i had nothing else to do other than start the next one in the series . 
  i really enjoyed it , but it was such a difficult book to read , but in the good way . 
  really atmospheric , really claustrophobic . 
  if nothing else , you have to give the author credit for putting so much effort into it , what with all the fake footnotes and that . 
  very camp too , iirc, 
  scotch ?!, 
  do n't think that 's even mentioned ? 
  i 'd blame the comic for that , not the show . 
  seasons 1 and 2 were decent at best , but that episode was just amazing . 
  it went from an adults scooby-doo to putting them in silly outfits and talking to angels, 
  boy did you miss out !, 
  i 'd definitely recommend you go back at some point, 
  knew i should n't have came into this thread . 
  just started season 5 . 
  get the hype, 
  i 'd imagine arianne would wed aegon, 
  may http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0303361/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1, 
  session 9, 
  dog soldiers, 
  nightwatch ( danish ) http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110631/, 
  southampton is pretty big time, 
  lord of the rings , i 've read the silmarillion , but lotr is scary , especially due to tolkien 's writing style, 
  we needed coutinho . 
  without him , we have no link from midfield to attack . 
  it 's weird how a player who 's been here 9 months is pretty much our most important player . 
  i love asda 's own beans to be honest , ca n't taste the difference . 
  we have no squad depth , either . 
  that 's another problem which is why we wo n't do so hot,
