  and the same family !, 
  exactly . 
  it 's a really difficult choice between them all , they were all great . 
  just comes down to personal preference really . 
  he 's got a bit of a point , he never looked bad when he got a chance . 
  do n't think he was quite good enough . 
  i 'd have liked to keep him for the bench , but ca n't blame him for wanting to move on . 
  rodgers did n't even want him anyway . 
  [ pahaha ] ( https://vine.co/v/orwlaavb1ui ), 
  oxlade chamberlain looks like he has no nipples , just areola 's, 
  x-files , for me . 
  the haircuts , clothes , the lot . 
  people have been saying since he left ` is this goal/assist/match when he turns the corner ? ', 
  and then he never did . 
  are you in liverpool or is your tag wrong ? 
  it was mildly warm a few hours ago, 
  rebuttal of `` where 's your famous plastic flags '', 
  can confirm . 
  we have no presence in the box , really dont like sterling as a striker . 
  he 's a good player, 
  fucking boxing match now . 
  sad bastard made an account to say that ? 
  he slapped him . 
  did n't see the replay ? 
  oh aye , only time terry sprints is when there 's a foul in the other half to protest . 
  on the floor , yes . 
  costa you tart . 
  even the garcia song 's coming out . 
  fuck man . 
  this sniper hates hazard . 
  lallana 's coming on . 
  same for you 's when you play away , eh ? 
  eternal baby face, 
  playing well recently , just need a good striker to finish more chances , a-la sturridge . 
  had a bit of a knock recently , he 'll want him for the weekend . 
  `` diego costa , the elephant man '', 
  lallana you champion, 
  that 's the one bit of his age i 'm confident in . 
  not saying he 'd have saved it , idk . 
  `` diego costa , the elephant man '', 
  [ he 's not a pretty man ] ( http://iv1.lisimg.com/image/4145015/600full-the-elephant-man-screenshot.jpg ), 
  someone 's on their phone, 
  his crossing 's been way off tonight . 
  normally got great delivery . 
  how much was that crystal ball of yours ? 
  played well . 
  should have won . 
  wonder how long sturridge will be out ? 
  nobody wants to admit they ate 9 cans of ravioli, 
  barely, 
  boyhood will . 
  for the concept , if nothing else . 
  though it was excellent , i thought . 
  rest wo n't be too well known i 'd say . 
  such a conflicting ending . 
  [ spoilers ] ( #s `` did n't have a clue how to feel . 
  infact , i 'm not even sure if you can call freeman the bad guy . '', 
  yep , me too . 
  thought it was just me . 
  been trying 15 minutes or so now . 
  looks like i have no choice but to play far cry now ... 
  neither does my sister , but she 's still a supporter . 
  the slo-mo is what annoyed me . 
  entire movie , if there 's no slo-mo would be about half hour . 
  just your typical disney movie , do n't see why it got so big . 
   bale was a terrible batman and finally , nolan 's direction was downright horrendous . 
  why ? 
  examples ? 
  was it really , though ? 
  it 's not that far-fetched , especially compared to a lot of other movies . 
  i liked it for what it is . 
  a silly , action packed movie . 
  enjoyed it more than taken . 
  i love the movie , but after reading the graphic novels i realised he was badly cast . 
  do n't watch lost then . 
  she 's in that . 
  probably my least favourite of his that i 've seen , but i found it very endearing . 
  especially the ending . 
  i just really love his style . 
  i do n't get the reddit boner for dredd . 
  just a typical action movie . 
  felt like a chore . 
  what did n't you like can i ask ? 
  some comments you can always tell are coming . 
  like the typical ` that 's just your opinion , man ', 
  really do n't see what rodgers does . 
  he 's on a huge wage , and barely ever performs how he did five years ago . 
  his typical ` run forwards , cut inside , drag the ball ten yards wide like a back pass ', 
  not happening . 
  if this was last summer he 'd probably have gone for about 8 million or so . 
  now , he 'd cost 20 + because rodgers has realised his use . 
  124 appearances in 9 years . 
  sterling , for example is 8 years younger , and is only 40 or so appearances away from him . 
  do n't blow your cover , bruce . 
  i hate it when people say it , but i have to , have you seen pulp fiction more than once ? 
  i definitely appreciated it more the second time around . 
  oh you charmer , you, 
  i 'm not saying it was realistic , but compared to most movies out there , it 's not that bad . 
  forgetting for a moment , the entire movie was a bit metaphor for society , not just about the fact ` miracle train how cool ' , it 's not trying to be realistic , it does n't have to be that realistic . 
  no one complains transformers is not realistic .
