  that could really work , actually, 
  he 's not good enough for bayern in all honesty , he will be in a few years possibly , but at the moment he 'd just sit on their bench, 
  yeah but for the price , and the wage he 'd demand he 'd be nothing like green, 
  wisdom will hopefully come back and replace johnson 's role in the squad . 
  we also do still have flanno , who can play both sides . 
  we still still need another fullback , mind . 
  agree with the midfielder . 
  i hope for james milner , personally . 
  not a holding midfielder , but he 'd add a lot to us . 
  striker , for me , is the big priority , we 've struggled finishing chances a lot this season . 
  i expect borini/balo/lambert to be up for sale , if we get a good enough offer , but i doubt we 'll sell all three . 
  but hopefully a sale or two there will allow us to get a good striker . 
  enrique , johnson , gerrard , brad jones , all certainly leaving . 
  problem is , would you pay him 100 + k p/w to sit on the bench for 2 years ? 
  he 's not been our best player . 
  that title would probably go to coutinho , in my humble opinion . 
  though , amazingly , in the last three months skrtel and can have been outstanding . 
  no , i was asked who our best player has been . 
  as someone who 's seen every match , i can tell you it 's been coutinho . 
  and in the last few months skrtel/can have been excellent . 
  a player 's ability is n't based on how many teams are trying to sign them . 
  obviously sterling is young , english , and an attacking player therefore there 's going to be rumours . 
  mclaughlin looked good when i 've seen him , but he 's getting to that age where it 's now or never for him , really . 
  i would n't overthink if flanno will be a good wing back , i 'd be surprised if we keep playing that next season if i 'm honest . 
  with origi coming in , i think we will dabble in a 4-3-3 , sterling and origi wide of sterling . 
  madrid , probably . 
  let 's face it . 
  schar will probably cost quite a bit i 'd imagine . 
  been plenty of rumours about him , will probably drive his price up a bit . 
  i was asked who our best player has been . 
  not who our best player is . 
  i personally think coutinho will end up a better player than sterling . 
  not saying he 'll be our starting winger , but we 'll dabble in it . 
  starting to think that , too . 
  he 's not worth 150k p/w . 
  if he wants that , someone else will have to offer him it , because we sure as shit wo n't . 
  be really sad if he does leave , after what we 've done for him . 
  or how they said ` craig ' . 
  it 's not creg !, 
  i still feel like a kid and i was born in bloody 1995 . 
  yeah love the movie , few creepy moments in it though . 
  i can drink and drive ( not together ) legally !, 
  feels mental !, 
  because he payed for carroll and then some !, 
  anybody see that wimbledon special on around christmas ? 
  he came out of it with a lot of face , he seemed like a good guy . 
  fashanu was the one who came across the worst in those interviews , then when i read what he said about his brother he just sounds a cunt, 
  out come the elbows !, 
  and then fellaini to intentionally elbow allen afterwards . 
  he 's had flags for ages . 
  same, 
  you manc bastard you manc bastard, 
  has been for years . 
  most stadiums in the prem are . 
  sterling has been fucking garbage . 
  balotelli you useless cunt . 
  good fans there stopping him . 
  fair play . 
  i 'd call you a manc , but you 're probably a yank . 
  he 's not a serial diver . 
  that makes it sound as if he always does it . 
  no excuses for today , but he 's not a serial diver . 
  yeah , two minutes after he posts it , no one 's to be seen ? 
  christ . 
  okay , i 'll let them know to comment quicker then . 
  i 'd still say the bow . 
  there seems to be a huge gulf in bow users , they 're either amazing , or shockingly bad . 
   least here in the u.s. you do n't just walk up to someone and start talking to them . 
  compared to us brits , you lot seem like the most social folks in the world . 
  itt no one posting their top post . 
  ` dreamhouse ' has the movie 's ` twist ' right there in the trailer . 
  we 'll have had a good season or two , then immediately drop back off again . 
  our owners will tell us to remain patient , and we are in a rebuilding process . 
  he was hot property though , that was his point, 
  hmm , there 's not really a ` real irish , ' i mean they 've lived there for generations , i would just call them irish, 
  its been out in the uk for a few weeks now , i quite enjoyed it . 
  best acted horror movie i 've seen in ages , quite suspenseful too, 
  worth it . 
  to be fair , that 's like nearly half his career . 
  reminded me of [ this ] ( http://www.thefreelibrary.com/arthur%27s+cup+of+joy%3b+treat+for+veteran+reds+fan.-a098244797 ) , still got the plaque up in the hall . 
   in the future, 
  at the moment no bigger team could offer him the same amount of playtime . 
  who would pay for di maria though ? 
  wolfsburg would n't pay him the wage , and they 'd struggle to pay his transfer cost . 
  would he want to go to germany , if it 's not with bayern ? 
  good one . 
  good one . 
  he 's only been a regular for a year , though . 
  he only started playing week-in week out after christmas last year . 
  as much as i like him , if we had a choice of him at 150kp/w , or selling him , i 'd sell him . 
  if he was 27 or so , fair enough . 
  first season he 's in , i hated him . 
  then he quickly became one of my favorite characters , but when he comes back from the caribbean he 's a dick . 
  kolo up against giroud i 'll take . 
  kolo 's a champion . 
  so supernatural is continuing with the formula of ` someone dies , but it 's okay , we 'll bring them back , then kill them again , then mysteriously they 'll come back ' ? 
  giroud against lovren i 'd fear for . 
  sakho , kolo , i 'm optimistic . 
  agbonlahor , young , milner , and ... john carew . 
  can we not start this ?
