  it 'll have to be bigamy , we 're already married to gladbach, 
  he was painfully bad at his job, 
  honestly it made my fucking day when people would just say ` thanks ' at the drive-thru instead of handing me a # 20 staring at their phone , or moaning at me for things out of my control . 
  based off the one i worked in , it 'd be difficult , since the hash browns are made and stored in the same place at the fries , and then sausage muffins are made on the same grill as the burgers, 
  clause to buy in his loan, 
  and then state it 's a ` rebuilding ' year, 
  because according to reddit , americans love him , i 'm english and i 've only heard of him due to reddit . 
  . . he 's not english, 
  weird , none near me have uniforms, 
  he 's not bad . 
  he presses well , he 's often injured , and is n't really ` exceptional ' at anything . 
  certainly ca n't attack or score , not great at tackling either . 
  he 's a player i want in the big games, 
   do n't qualify for the state-provided medical procedure they need . 
  yeah , the nhs covers most things . 
  if it 's worthy of going to the emergency room , they 're gon na treat it . 
  also 6 hours ? 
  i 've been er three times for not so major problems but still bad , and all times been treated in an hour, 
   i will also add that europe owes major gratitude to the 101st airborne division . 
  you would n't be eating crumpets , jerking it to bluebloods , and talking shit behind your keyboard without us . 
  remember when little brother grew up and had to defend everybody ? 
  that 's right ... 
  freedom !!!, 
  you 're obviously just trolling , but i still wan na reply . 
  russia won the war . 
  all the allies contributed massively , uk , canada , france , netherlands etc , and yes america , but if you think america won the war you 're either an idiot , troll , or an idiotic troll . 
   shit , man ... id pay to keep people like you out !, 
  cute , considering you 're probably descended from the town idiot over here anyway, 
   never did i mention a victor . 
  i simply stated we had to cross the pond to help, 
  so did the uk . 
  the allies would have won regardless . 
  not a lot , because that was n't where the big conficts where . 
  what did america do in north africa ? 
  oh he can be good , when he 's trying to impress someone . 
  once he has , he 's not as much, 
  i.e new goalkeeper and centre back , i 'd imagine, 
  yeah , think that much has been confirmed by tony b. 
  new goalkeeping coach has been talked about for a while , our goalies have n't been great since reina 2009-era, 
  we got swiss approval !, 
   derrick, 
  not english then ? 
  derek , maybe . 
  there 's so many worse places in the uk than liverpool . 
  prefer six feet under to both . 
  9 minutes, 
  do n't klopp thinking about tomorrow , do n't klopp it 'll soon be heeeere , it 'll be even better than before , rodgers ' gone , rodgers ' gone ... 
  i was just messing about , thinking of words that rhyme with ` klopp ' , stop was the only one i could think of so i just adlibbed it, 
  sky 's got their soundbite then, 
  it was the photographer i think , making a racket taking pictures, 
  i also found the killer to be predictable, 
  should give dier a go and see how he performs . 
  if he 's not up to it , might just be worth getting carrick back into the picture . 
  carrick , hendo , wilshere would n't be too bad . 
  always seems to take ages for it to start back up , but with klopp it 's going to be the longest week of my life, 
  i think it 's certainly doable , if klopp wants sommer . 
  gladbach are a great club , but one of the reasons he 'll have joined was favre , and he 's left now . 
  friedel in his prime was a better keeper , unfortunately he never hit his prime with us , only once he went to blackburn, 
  there was probably more leeds fans than mancs there , do n't think they care much for rl, 
  they kind of do exist , they 're just few and far between . 
  that bloke who always calls the team sheets right for example, 
  first two seasons for me are pretty poor , it definitely picks up , but i can understand people who stop before it ` gets good ' . 
  carrot, 
  i did n't much like mason , but he 's a year younger than me , and i definitely seen a lot of similarities to me . 
  take them out for dinner . 
  ^ ^ ^ then ^ ^ ^ fuck ^ ^ ^ them . 
  does this excuse turning up often late for work ? 
  everyone has personal things going on in their life that are n't ideal , but most people still turn up for work . 
  agreed . 
  if it 's persistent , it 's a problem . 
  he 's gotten a few goals recently but his performances have n't been good . 
  though , no one 's performances have been to be fair . 
   despite what the link says , i was n't using my mobile , the app was just running, 
  maybe not , but ... 
   yeldham -- who has three previous offences for driving whilst using a mobile phone -- did not put on his brakes , manchester minshull street crown court was told . 
  bit odd seeing an ama from someone so local to me , especially when i get stuck in traffic on the 62 almost daily . 
  reading the article it says you 've been found to be using your phone whilst driving three times . 
  out of curiosity was this when driving your hgv ? 
  if so , did you not learn your lesson the first time ? 
  driving a hgv fiddiling on your phone ? 
  i thought you could only drive for nine hours a day ? 
  you said you 'd been going for ten hours ? 
  i could be wrong here , mind . 
  in rugby ? 
  ^ ^ yes, 
  i 'm really curious why the name change ? 
  just ... why ? 
  first tried for sigurdsson who was n't technically their player yet . 
  then got xavi , then tried desperately for williams . 
  it 's not unfair for him to target them , but i do n't think very many would wan na come anyway . 
  certainly not the players you 'd really miss . 
  wheelie bins are very common ? 
  we have four , have done for as long as i can remember . 
  black for misc , green for tree/grass , and two blues for recycling . 
  [ the hot/cold taps have a reason behind them ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfhguu_8kga ), 
  did n't know about the bed thing though , that does seem odd to me, 
   people do n't walk around when they eat . 
  i do n't mean cup noodles , i mean ice cream cones and crepes . 
  i ca n't understand people walking and eating , i almost physically ca n't do it . 
  needs more spam,
