  never ever a hand ball, 
  prick , bony . 
  should be red.you know you ca n't elbow folks in the face , right ? 
  you 's are n't much better here , to be fair ... 
  used all subs . 
  could cut diamonds in my arse , thanks to silva there . 
  what a great game . 
  we were excellent , bit shaky in defence , but coutinho , lallana , allen and hendo were absolutely excellent . 
  city seemed off it today . 
  something just was n't clicking . 
  too much space in midfield , made it too easy for us to get the ball to cou 's feet . 
  edit - [ relevant ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/b_a2z95w8aaroxe.jpg ), 
  thought silva was oddly quiet , he normally drags city over the line in these games . 
  mate , do n't forget sterling !, 
  if i had to give a few key words to sum up rodgers ' teams , it 's pace , determination , and stamina . 
  not often you have two goals , both disallowed . 
  toure was great first half i thought , around the box , kept chipping over little balls for the full backs . 
  then as time went on , we pressed more and more on him and got him in trouble . 
  to be honest , i was glad when nasri came off . 
  he had a decent game too . 
  he 's been great . 
  for the money paid , our best signing this summer . 
  it 's odd . 
  he attacks more from cb , then when he 's played as dm . 
  definitely has a big future , we finally have a german in our side !, 
  `` an amnesiac remember he is an amnesiac ! '', 
  is what i do, 
  what a boring cup final . 
  got to expect that from / r/soccer as much as i visit it , it 's a pretty bad sub . 
  a deflected goal , a goal from a set piece , and nothing else . 
  eriksson had a good shot , but spurs did n't even look like scoring , and chelsea were happy to sit back . 
  had more fun watching the old farm derby . 
  okay mate, 
  he was in tng too to be fair . 
  number 2, 
  number 2, 
  number 2, 
  number 2, 
  number 2, 
  number 2, 
  number 2, 
  number 2, 
  number 2, 
  number 2, 
  number 2, 
  number 2, 
  number 2, 
  number 2, 
  number 2, 
  number 2, 
  number 2, 
  number 2, 
  i really ca n't see him as anything other than mortenson now . 
  i 'm glad it was him . 
  inconsistent . 
  lapses concentration . 
   do you think sterling could beat downing for a starting spot ? 
   not right now . 
  downing has been in really good form , and honestly , sterling 's been pretty shit for a couple of months now . 
  just too many games . 
  the addition of coutinho ( and possibly ince ) will give the squad some depth and allow sterling some rest . 
  same for china . 
  the athletic centre of the world , that 's why the us football/soccer team is average then , yeah ? 
  well , every time i see him , anyway . 
  possibly back to porto ? 
  have you got a new plug-in which tells you who 's downvoting you , or something ? 
  hahahaha, 
  if you 're lucky , you may do what wigan used to do and survive on the last day . 
  [ edit - sound familiar ? 
  ] ( https://www.grandoldteam.com/forum/attachments/image-jpg.7190/ ), 
  we used to get a nice chinese calender at new years , and a bottle of red at christmas . 
  fifth is acceptable . 
  big season , this was , with suarez leaving . 
  there 's a name i 've not heard in a long time . 
  it was better when alonso was here . 
  cries of `` shoot '' and everyone getting excited when he had the ball anywhere on the pitch . 
  he does drink though , seen him on a night out . 
  nop , 2 year ago, 
  i always laugh at my parents for keeping their copper and putting it in a big jar , then christmas comes around and they have # 80 in there ... 
  remember alf ? 
  he 's back , in pog form !, 
  it 's on netflix , but i believe it 's going off soon . 
  netflix are purging a lot of cn shows . 
  one of my all time favourites growing up . 
  ** return the slaaaaaab **, 
  these are the reasons i visit . 
  i 'm probably biased , but it 's really not very common amongst liverpool fans . 
  just like the hillsborough chants amongst you 's lot have died out over the last few years . 
  whether it 's because of more day trippers , and worse atmosphere , or you know , better morality i dunno . 
  oooh , i like the sound of this . 
   your social network is owned by advertisers . 
  every post you share , every friend you make and every link you follow is tracked , recorded and converted into data . 
  advertisers buy your data so they can show you more ads . 
  you are the product that 's bought and sold . 
  we believe there is a better way . 
  we believe in audacity . 
  we believe in beauty , simplicity and transparency . 
  we believe that the people who make things and the people who use them should be in partnership . 
  we believe a social network can be a tool for empowerment . 
  not a tool to deceive , coerce and manipulate -- but a place to connect , create and celebrate life .
