  coutinho 's infinitely better played in the centre behind the strikers , he 's wasted out wide . 
  not official until either ;, 
  a : he 's leaning, 
  b : zaf is poking him with sticks whilst topless, 
  nah , it 's not . 
  some reported that , but iirc the more reputable ones said we 're still sniffing . 
  8 mil , and four mil add-ons is what we want for borini apparently . 
  i think if we sold him last year , we 'd have been fucked last season . 
  but if we do this year , i 'd be a lot more confident on adequately replacing him now we can offer champions league footy . 
  seems to be 85 mil , or 50 mil and sanchez . 
  i 'd prefer barca to get him so we can get sanchez in return, 
  problem then is barca would n't want to sell us sanchez , as they 've lost their top target , and need to keep their players . 
  and teams will then know we have 85 mil to spend , and will up their prices for our targets . 
  only caught the end , forgot it was on , but they 've smashed it . 
  every day is dress down day when you work for a tiny call centre too, 
  i done this once , luckily it was n't my toilet , it was at uni , but i felt sorry for the man who had to come and unclog it . 
  i just started weeing in the shower . 
  `` they all have husbands and wives and children and houses and dogs , and , you know , they 've all made themselves a part of something and they can talk about what they do . 
  what am i gon na say ? 
  `` i killed the president of paraguay with a fork . 
  how 've you been ? '', 
  the main character annoyed me so much !, 
  we are definitely interested , hope we only sell him if we get sanchez in part exchange , and if not make it a no go, 
  sign him up ... 
  makes no difference to us , if he 'd be part of a potential suarez deal . 
  only makes a difference if we 're looking to get him as well as keep luis . 
  40,50 mil and sanchez would be great . 
  markovic , lallana and sanchez for the price , more or less , for luis would be great . 
  oh oscar , the great pretender . 
  do n't think he does anything in most of his matches , yet he starts for brazil . 
  for 80 million quid . 
  try change the audio type ? 
  i think we 've always been sort of willing to . 
  every player has his price , and for 85 mil . 
  we 've never really said we 're never going to sell him . 
   something which he got a lot of shit from his french team mates, 
  really ? 
  a team full of millionaires , giving stick to another millionaire for his parents being rich ? 
  could do it tuesday , and do can and him at the same time . 
  as good as he is , we 've seen no rumours towards him . 
  shame , too . 
  griezmann is great , would fit in well , and has plenty of spanish and french speakers to talk to . 
  nah , turn the cheek . 
  hey rou , big fan . 
  who 's been your favourite act at glastonbury ? 
  made a whole new account for this too , good life you lead mate . 
  there was a spell in that movie i legitimately enjoyed , but the ending and beginning ruined it . 
  i like how the only videos this guy has , is this one , and mario kart highlights . 
  my kind of man . 
  he 's probably worth more than that , if anything , in my opinion, 
  i 'm a wool , but to people outside the north west i 'm scouse . 
  county of cheshire , but i can walk into liverpool in 10 minutes . 
  i demand trial by combat, 
  ah yes , the hat trick of tap ins . 
  i remember you well . 
  it was a case of wanting his wages off the books as he was a high-ish earner , and quite old , and not guaranteed a starter , really . 
  to be honest even though they 're on merseyside , people from st helens are the biggest wools, 
  we need a gif of that, 
  he 'd have a better chance of winning the title here . 
  and a better chance at finishing fourth every season at arsenal, 
  and star wars , very often . 
  love actually 's normally on boxing day . 
  and my favourite , until recently they used to always put the mummy on itv on christmas even, 
  yeah , worldwide release titles are tuesdays . 
  call of duty used to be liek that, 
  would n't it make much more sense to do it based on expendable income ? 
  on itv2 they just had an episode of benidorm on , and one of the songs at the karaoke was a rolf harris song about little boys . 
  do n't think it was 20 million , was it ? 
  thought it was less . 
  and is bloody good , too, 
  to be honest , it 's one of the ` happier ' wwii/holocaust movies . 
  nah , we 're onto bertrand now ... 
  he was one of their worst players . 
  yedlin was the impressive one . 
  bradley 's been suggested before , is probably why you 've been downvoted by a few by the way buddy, 
  he 'd be pricey !, 
  burnley just got promoted, 
  hiya guys , just wan na drop this in . 
  i 'm not trolling or anything , but this is n't a great source , since it 's the mirror . 
  james pearce ( liverpool echo ) said this . 
  all seems up in the air right now , hopefully it 's sorted one way or the other soon . 
  quite the opposite surely . 
  i 'd imagine your north london papers have links to arsenal , like the echo does to liverpool . 
  clearly signed to help sanchez settle in ... / s, 
  so glad my birthday is tomorrow , rather than on the fourth . 
  all the time i 'd hear so much crap . 
  this is like when spurs sold bale to madrid , unknowingly queueing up ozil to join arsenal . 
  i hope we do n't sell him if it means sanchez goes to arsenal . 
  i work in a call centre , and one day i asked someone to confirm their name and dob , and they said it 's ` john x/y/z ' , dob 's 9/11/75 , then without missing a breathe he said ` and before you say anything * i know ... * ', 
  cheers brutha !, 
  happy birthday to you too !, 
  same for pogba , in my experience anyway . 
  son , keissling ( sp ) , drmic and hakan looks promising !, 
  we normally have at least one great striker at most times . 
  fowler , owen , torres , suarez etc. 
  hopefully danny can step up a bit more and put his injuries behind him . 
  it 'd be markovic . 
  the one recent time we have n't , we won the champions league !, 
  djibril cisse and milan baros up top !, 
  ooft,
