  i 'd love it for it to be like jurassic park in stamford bridge . 
  i miss it when he used to be funny before everyone realised his routine of ` say crude , offensive things constantly ' . 
  the winds that shake the barley ? 
  ... what would you lot say ? 
  that actually looks quite good . 
  he 's looked good when i 've seen him , problem is they 'd want an awful lot of dough for him . 
  ca n't say i ever cried , but the girl opposite me did once and that was horrific . 
  she was a mother , and this guy kept saying stuff about her kid and all that before she hung up . 
  well this thread 's off to a fantastic start ... 
  making random assumptions now , then ? 
  sooner we sign valdes the better . 
  let 's enjoy this season in the cl , then . 
  christ , we 're getting the runaround by stewart downing . 
  i 'm not convinced he was on the pitch in the first half . 
  jesus skrtel never do that again . 
  spurs ' defence at the start of last season was fantastic , though . 
  only as time went on they fell apart defensively . 
  what got me was the beta . 
  before it i was n't going to get it , tried the beta and thoroughly enjoyed it . 
  was promised it was only a small bit of content from the game . 
  sorry but you 're wrong . 
  he should n't be playing three games a week , but he 's far from past it . 
  problem is we ca n't really replace him . 
  i really like the look of can , but he 's injured . 
  never been to manchester , then ? 
  more than 8 hours for a # 45 game . 
  oh i have done plenty of pvp , and all the strikes many times . 
  the strikes are repetitive but i 'm enjoying them a fair bit , but i 'm really losing my concentration on them . 
  now i 've done them all about 7 + times it 's just boring now . 
  they have a worse defence than us ... 
  haha , the streamer turned it off as soon as ft. 
  well at least today 's been a lot nicer than yesterday was . 
  any major talking points ? 
  who played better ? 
  blue velvet . 
  meaning to watch it for a while , really loved it . 
  bizarre and unique . 
  according to imdb , he 's been in more than 100 . . 
  the robot devil from futurama . 
  wes anderson has such a fantastic style in his movies . 
  it 's all so beautiful . 
  i still ca n't believe he 's 44 . 
  he looks like a wallace and gromit character , but goddamn he looks good for his age . 
  barely anyone plays with two left/right footed defenders . 
  rodgers clearly does n't like it either , and i 'd be inclined to agree with him . 
  same . 
  aliens just kind of get in my head a bit . 
  signs was the same , and even dark skies even thought it 's crap . 
  heck , some episodes of x-files fucked me up . 
  same . 
  aliens just kind of get in my head a bit . 
  signs was the same , and even dark skies even thought it 's crap . 
  heck , some episodes of x-files fucked me up . 
  loved session 9 . 
  apart from that one scene . 
  you know the one , near the end . 
  the sequel was decent as far as horror sequels go to be honest . 
  loved that movie !, 
  sounded so generic but it was great . 
  just gon na make you feel old here , when he came into power i was three . 
  now i 'm 19 . 
  but neither side would get 2/3 . 
  it would just drag on, 
  99 % of the time with shopto you get it a day early, 
  reminded me of vitamin water . 
  do you regularly buy milk , out of curiosity in your family ? 
  plot twist : it was said when there actually was 13 million in the world, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ maybe , ... 
   some universities are so strict there 's no tobacco allowed on the entire campus at all , not even smokeless tobacco , not even outdoors . 
  hate stuff like this . 
  if people want help stopping , then it should be available . 
  everyone knows about the dangers of it . 
  worst thing is , in trying to stop smokers , they get rid of the ash trays and places to put out the butts to prevent smoking . 
  all it does is create litter . 
  goddamn , so excited for friday . 
  if i get it early , no chance i 'm going uni on thursday . 
  jesus what a gash performance.we need sturridge back to actually give some confidence to the players around him . 
  give him some credit . 
  edit - fixed link, 
  we 're terrible right now too . 
  defence like a leaky arsehole , and no movement up top . 
  surprised more did n't go down the middle as it went to the second run for them, 
  raw arse ? 
  like the expendables ? 
  this lost my interest near the end of season one . 
  tried two episodes of ssn 2 and i just gave up . 
  new season looks promising though . 
  the episode ` home ' was all kinds of fucked up . 
  i got my old job because the hr woman looked at my facebook , and someone else 's . 
  she must have been a dick , and apparently there was hardly anything on mine . 
  glad i got the job , but it felt intrusive . 
  decent for the price . 
  rather it than fosters , but i 'd still rather not drink it . 
  thing is , it was on private , that 's how i was so confused . 
  they do , i 'm using it in my team . 
  the cl winning one from the ' 70 's, 
  it was there when i first went on fut . 
  might have carried over from last year ? 
  i actually liked downing as a bloke , but he was just not good for us . 
  never could beat the first man with his cross .
