  shame , too , i was l excited when we first got him . 
  his technique is n't good enough , and he never seems to get involved or even touch the ball, 
  maybe you just love bowie, 
  wait , is it illegal to bet in all of the us outside of vegas ? 
  i 'd say it 's best to learn in a manual . 
  it 's odd to me that if you learn in a auto , you can drive a manual in america . 
  at least if you learn in a manual , you can properly drive both . 
  i switch to fifth at about 33 mph in mine ... 
  when he says vendetta i think he kinda means because apparently lovren is starting over him vs stoke, 
  / r/liverpoolfc has plenty of shitposts too . 
  i think most of the ` bigger ' team subreddits do, 
  problem is , his career 's stalled whilst he 's still with us , pretty much . 
  he needs to move if he cares about his career . 
  `` you fucking cunt '' , as you try snap him for the rest of the game, 
  how great is forest 's kit ? 
  love the gold . 
  how long 's assombalonga out for ? 
  reckon he 'll be back before or after freedman is sacked ? 
  he was n't * bad * , i wanted him to stay , but he was a bit of a luxury player . 
  never tackled , and did n't get involved enough . 
  i was n't too disappointed when we sold him , we got decent money . 
  origi is n't better than balotelli . 
  however , he 's less selfish , and fits into our style a whole lot better . 
  this begs the question , then why buy balotelli , we 've been wondering that for a year . 
  win what ? 
  spurs completely dominating , but that was terrible from bentaleb , and i 'm not sure what the centre back was doing not tracking the man, 
  thought pritchard would have made the bench today to be honest . 
  this [ ] ( http://wow.zamimg.com/images/hearthstone/cards/enus/animated/fp1_012_premium.gif?9580 ), 
  [ as opposed to a defensive goal ? 
  ] ( http://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_l9euil5ltz1qaq1gu.png ), 
  now i feel like a dick . 
  carry on , squire, 
  typical germans ... 
  walker just got megged by a teammate, 
  it 's illegal to deny someone water for free in a pub here in the uk, 
  [ sums him up ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/football/24120065 ), 
  ayew looks more bald than shelvey, 
  how can you argue against that terry ? 
  a few boos at the whistle ... 
  wow , nice to see a striker win a header for us . 
  that 's a first . 
  he kicked his chest, 
  i do n't really see why . 
  i mean i love can , i think he could be a fantastic player . 
  he 's one of my favourite current players . 
  but a team like bayern has better in all the positions he can play, 
  well paul joyce does n't often bullshit . 
  yeah . 
  some also live in cheshire-way . 
  does this happen to everyone or just me ? 
  we need more details, 
  my copy of scooby doo and the cyber chase is like this . 
  miss that movie, 
  dick van dyke in mary poppins . 
  charlie hunnam in green street is shocking , too . 
  the one on dam annoys me . 
  the one where you can get stuck inside that box . 
  had someone do it when they were getting spanked like 17-4 , he took out a few of us before we noticed what we were doing . 
  we just waited for time to run out, 
  it 's okay mate , my copy of scooby doo on zombie island works fine still at least, 
  and lost his appetite too apparently, 
  sounds like a sitcom about incest, 
  yeah i ca n't see anyone willing to pay the fee for bolasie . 
  most teams would like him , though . 
  why did n't he start at the weekend ? 
  these are like most cities and towns in the uk . 
  does n't look too difficult to navigate ... 
  equally as mental is that they did n't play for a while . 
  tevez eventually did get into the team and was one of the main reasons they stayed up , but mascherano barely got played . 
  very mental one . 
  joined his team for free , had a good pre-season , thne mental rumours madrid were looking at him , so ferguson just said fuck it and got him . 
  my worst sleep paralysis moment did n't involve anyone crawling or anything , but it was still absolutely terrifying , ca n't imagine how i 'd feel seeing someone crawl towards me . 
  mine was just me in complete darkness absolutely terrified . 
  rumour has it lucas wants to leave, 
  the song , few shared players . 
  merseyside has/had a lot of irish folks and connections other than that , little . 
  was the camera as low as this when pompey were in the prem ? 
  insurance on vw 's is mental mate . 
  got quoted # 3500 . 
  i went for a clio . 
  had it nearly a year , good first car , insurance was n't as barmy as vw 's . 
  i went for a clio . 
  had it nearly a year , good first car , insurance was n't as barmy as vw 's . 
  all those insurance comparison sites , and aviva too iirc , they were all roughly the same . 
  shame , too , i like polo 's, 
  one of those insurance comparison sites . 
  need to renew in october , will have to bookmark that site, 
  difference between henry 's wealth and fsg 's . 
  we 're owned by fsg . 
  mine had 75k on the meter when i bought it , 2004 car . 
  even got categorized c a few years ago , works like a dream though . 
  wo n't be going french for me next car though, 
  what year was this mate ? 
  not owned a liverpool shirt since 2007 . 
  my god , his form in 2011 was unbelievable . 
  one of the best individual ` pool performances i 've seen when we played city, 
  and a good manager , too . 
  makes sense though . 
  he hit some good form in the middle of the season and looked really good . 
  used to be a racist bloke every week .
