  i have the saddest image of people crying whilst taking them down and it 's breaking my heart, 
  hurt just writing that ... 
  love it for it to be sturridge , too . 
  would n't these just be players for the bench ? 
  just looked up your squad on wiki , does n't look like you have many midfielders . 
  goosebumps and courage the cowardly dog , or the early digimon or yu-gi-oh . 
  * no one knows ... *, 
  full back 's priority to be honest . 
  rumours we 're going for bertrand , and he 's just bad . 
  exactly . 
  we 're back in the cl , i 'd hope we 'd finally start signing cl quality players , not bertrand . 
  i 'd rather ben davies or neil taylor than bloody bertrand . 
  wait for tony b to say something about it . 
  no one knows, 
  spanish side trying the lower the price , english side disagreeing, 
  simmer down guys , i 'd wait until tony b says something . 
  bbc north west said it 's 60 mil euros and sanchez ... 
  no one legit knows what 's happening . 
  we ca n't sign half the players they can . 
  work permits are way different here and there . 
  final fight in warrior . 
  i ca n't poo at work . 
  just ca n't be done , need my loo to poo . 
  just got to hope he does n't let that effect him negatively , and put too much pressure on him . 
  i still think of myself as a kid and i only turned 19 two days ago . 
  i 'm two years older than him . 
  christ . 
  i 'd keep piszcek , and only play lahm in midfield if you get him . 
  i love 3-5-2 , when you 're passing it through midfield you never run out of options , there 's always someone there . 
  physics teacher here . 
  he disappeared , then it appeared in the paper the next year . 
  how is this tapping up ? 
  liverpool made a bid , saints rejected it , lovren said he wants to go . 
  he never said ` liverpool told me not to go to pre-season training with saints , so i wo n't '' etc. 
  he 's fine defensively , but attacking he loses his head and runs in circles . 
  not surprised . 
  he 's one of the best around . 
  the main thing which annoys me is just stupid animation . 
  on fifa , when the balls going out of play one of my players will auto run for it , and touch it once and push it over the line . 
  i am okay with most of the problems youve said , i just want more sane ai, 
  it 's the mirror , so it 's probably not true . 
  he 's on 200k p/w at liverpool . 
  how much is iniesta , neymar et al on ? 
  liverpool fan in peace . 
  get used to it , he 's one of those players who can score from 40 yards , and you almost expect it from him . 
  he lives on the edge , does some stupid things occasionally but when you see him play , you 'll forget all about that , he 's probably the third best striker in the world . 
  sad to see him leave , but i 'm much more accepting of this than that cunt torres . 
  luis ' an amazing player and i 'll miss him so much . 
  glad he 's going to you lot , not madrid . 
  that 's a bit more than i thought . 
  i 'd imagine he 'd be on around 200k p/w when he signs then, 
  we 'd sign a replacement . 
  no way we 'd go into the new season with only allen , stevie and hendo . 
  we 're not united , we have a midfield . 
  curious why you think he 's suit our playstyle ? 
  [ `` maxi , maxi rodriguez runs down the wing for me '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5e9nnakyz3w ), 
   do you think its a possibility that aspas could make as a lightweight in moreno deal mate ? 
  yes , ted i think that is a definite possibility . 
  sevilla are certainly interested in aspas and the spaniard certainly does n't have a future at liverpool . 
  the only reason he 's been back at pre-season at melwood this week is because the club have n't had any takers for him up until now . 
  i know sevilla have said the moreno deal was dead but people i 've spoken to at lfc have n't given up on it . 
  the player wants to come to anfield . 
  if game of thrones were n't so big , it 'd be a few of them , but since they are i 'll say [ joey king . 
  ] ( http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1428821/?ref_=tt_cl_t7 ), 
  good in fargo , good in the conjouring . 
  it 's like when i play fifa and winning by two or three , i start getting confident and trying things , like passing it around their goalie , everything just falls into place . 
  not our problem if someone does n't wan na join us . 
  could have thrown 400k at him or something , he 'd have joined us then . 
  money was n't the factor , he just wanted to join them lot for some reason . 
  exactly my point, 
  regardless , we ca n't be blamed for not signing him . 
  these things happen, 
  i like to call it passionate :p, 
  got to think though if it became more popular the quality would definitely suffer . 
  yeah i read that too . 
  seems there 's something in it now though , reliable journo 's saying it, 
  that businessman is so outnumbered here . . 
  where are you moving from ? 
  meh not sure if this is true . 
  i swear out scouts only go to southampton and swansea matches, 
  someone needs a life . 
  cruijff, 
  i know i 'm not op , but ... 
  i 've just gotten promoted to the top division in season mode , i only really use many skill moves . 
  i dummy it , and occasionally do step overs . 
  my tip for how i play fifa , is find a team that suits you and stick to it . 
  i change team frequently to prevent it being boring , ofc , but i play with juve a lot , because i prefer quick passing , and 1-2 's . 
  juve 's midfield is godly , and you can run right through them and overload them . 
  rakitic is a god , you 've got strong cb 's , very quick full backs , and bacca is a tank . 
  luckily those street puppets are n't back for a few weeks , theyd scare him back to portugal, 
  he and rojo impressed me this world cup , but i do n't think blind would end well for us . 
  i think any x-files reboot would just flop terribly . 
  i think supernatural have kind of took over that role , like it or not . 
  i work in a call centre dealing with debit card details , we 're told not to repeat information etc , maybe it 's different where i live , but i 'd never use a credit card to buy food from take outs , i just would n't trust them . 
  not just for the people in the shop , but the workers . 
  would n't trust them . 
  pretty much . 
  do n't need to park the bus , just have a better defence really . 
  could be a lot of countries ... 
  it 's one for the future , i 'm happy with the signing , i actually think twenty million is n't thaaat bad for him,
