  wanting the underdog to win ? 
  say it ai n't so !, 
  not really poor , but it 's completely worth it , just based on how well he gets in the position to score . 
  i saw that movie and thought `` wow that 's a great movie '', 
  long , yeah , but it 's not overly long . 
  quite enjoyed it , but i understand how a lot of people do n't . 
  it 's very atmospheric and down to earth . 
  it 's about 1/2 just people walking through corridors . 
  care to explain ? 
  how are you sure your brain is even conscious though ? 
  i understand the feeling of ` what if everyone else is a fake ?!?!?! '', 
  feeling , but how would you even know if your brain is conscious , and not just being controlled unknowingly ? 
  because a few people get health care who are n't active contributing to society it is a bad thing ? 
  7.5 % of brits are unemployed . 
   just staying awake too long will make you see and hear shit that is n't real . 
  completely agree , but this could make people question everything , not just paranormal . 
  i think ghosts are something which if you see one , no evidence against it will make you change your mind . 
  it 's a really interesting subject , because so many people claim to have seen a ghost . 
  personally i think they 're so widespread , there may well be something in it , i just would n't say ` they do exist ' with complete certainty . 
  when you hear some stories from people you trust and know are n't bullshitting , i just ca n't help but not believe them . 
  sounds like you need to watch catwoman !, 
  that film is amazing !, 
  i 'd watch a movie where he 's playing marilyn monroe and he 'd kick it out the park, 
  was n't he approached , or considered for the movie ? 
  whether you 're relegated or not , you need a lot of changes . 
  it 's not a bad squad , but when it is a decent squad , and you 're still doing badly there 's something going on . 
  just better hope you can find someone who 'll take altidore off you, 
  agreed . 
  i 'd find it more likely none of us are conscious , rather than it just being me that is . 
  i just find that vain . 
  obviously , but why he supports it, 
  [ let 's do this shit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tiykjogpf8 ), 
  good save , aye , but he should have headed it downward, 
  reckon he loves heavy metal . 
  just look at him, 
  lucky lucky boy, 
  john . 
  delicious finish after kompany spooned his clearance, 
  blame fucking moses for that, 
  fuck i need a lie down, 
  blame moses , over ran it first . 
  does n't make those decisions any more justified , but we were robbed of three points against city in december, 
  obviously , but moses should never have over ran it the way he did . 
  of course henderson should n't have done that, 
  the only thing he 'd retire from is internationals . 
  no way he 's wanting to retire , especially when he 's revitalized, 
  yep . 
  few videos about of them singing it . 
  never hear much bad about the ac milan fans compared to some of the italian clubs . 
  they all suck , but i still watch them all when i watch one, 
  seen him once outside primary , i 'm sure of it, 
  do n't have access to it in my country . 
  i bought the blu ray three season collection though , and will buy all the remaining seasons on blu ray when they 're out . 
  tello seems like he never wants to leave, 
  how else will they get people to buy a game without realizing how potentially bad it is ? 
  their source is the daily mail . 
  what a header, 
  this could be great , i get cheap flights and accommodation to mauritius because some family friends live there . 
  literally could n't have been in a better place if it happens, 
  as far as horror sequels go , this was pretty damn good . 
  jumpy , scary , and had a pretty good atmosphere about it . 
  do n't get me wrong it 's not amazing , it 's camp and a bit cheesy in parts , but i quite enjoyed it, 
  i can see us going for a lb , winger , and another centre mid . 
  that , and suso , borini , ilori and wisdom coming back and we 'll be grand . 
  because we only need three players , i really hope we break the bank a bit and buy some top quality . 
  alberto moreno , griezmann , and maybe rakitic . 
  i work in a call centre for a loan company , you 'd be amazed how little dla some people who clearly have massive difficult just surviving . 
  nononono , think aspas will move on , probably best for everyone . 
  borini and especially wisdom have a lot more to give . 
  think they 'll really flourish in a year or so . 
  borini has a lot to offer coming in off the wing on the counter attack , and wisdom reminds me of g johnson, 
  he 's only made like 20 appearances, 
  nah , think we 're fine . 
  skrtel , agger , sakho , toure , and ilori . 
  wisdom and kelly can play there too, 
  and being a fan is such a stress free life too ... 
  but he 's still a millionaire , barely anyone will be able to say that . 
  his health ? 
  what 's wrong with his health ? 
  definitely , mental health issues affect everyone , i 'd prefer to be able to fall back on millions though , if my mental health ever deteriorated . 
  [ number of points liverpool have in the premier league compared to manchester city , arsenal , chelsea , and spurs ] ( http://www.premierleague.com/en-gb/matchday/league-table.html ), 
  because sugar by itself is not pleasant . 
  people eat because it 's tasty , raw sugar is not, 
  * and he 'll never need a zimmer *, 
  a serbian film . 
  no thanks . 
  same , just ordered a shitload of blu-rays but none will come until i 'm back in work :(, 
  agreed , ramires should have never stayed on the pitch that long . 
  nikolai causter-waldau plays two in mama . 
  think they 're twins , though . 
  i spend about at least an hour a day on fifa alone . 
  * he 's 19 *, 
  just got to hope hodgson knows how to use him . 
  if he sticks him on the wing and tells him to hug the byline , and gets jagielka and cahill to launch balls to him , he 's not going to do too much, 
  he 's really good , until he gets into the final third , then he loses his head a bit, 
  we 're hopefully repaying the favour ... 
  we 're gon na win the league and now youre gon na believe ussss, 
  hide in united 's central midfield . 
  no one notices them . 
  flanno and glen both .
