  i used to go there every few years , loved it . 
  some great rides there , and a decent little show . 
  got tinkmaster and onyxia from my 50 packs . 
  any deck with onyxia in which is okay ? 
  they probably just do n't want any pork based residue on the cutter . 
  understandable really, 
  honestly , i 've never even seen one in the uk, 
  that 's not what he 's on about . 
  american chocolate is very different to most other chocolate . 
  i grew up in england , and i ca n't stand hershey 's chocolate , not tried any other american chocolate . 
  '' `` hershey process milk chocolate is cheaper to make than other types of chocolate as it is less sensitive to the freshness of the milk . 
  the process is a trade secret , but experts speculate that the milk is partially lipolyzed , producing butyric acid , which stabilizes the milk from further fermentation . 
  this compound gives the product a particular sour , `` tangy '' taste , to which the us public has become accustomed , to the point that other manufacturers often add butyric acid to their milk chocolates . '', 
  after you watch them , just remember how much you loved the rest of the show . 
  the last two are n't great, 
  yeah , some places will do it if you ask though . 
  was at an indian place last weekend , they offered to wrap the leftovers up for us . 
  nice touch . 
  apparently it offends them if you tip them . 
  once you 've been on a few , it 's easy to get your head around . 
  unless signs say otherwise , and there 's two lanes , think of it as a clock face 12-6/6 -12 for what lane . 
  and just make sure you do n't hit someone, 
  they replace lighted junctions , normally . 
  it means instead of waiting on the lights to change , you can go whenever assuming it 's clear/you have right of way . 
  iirc they reduce traffic and accidents too . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.autoblog.com/2011/02/23/roundabouts-reduce-accidents/ ), 
  they 're 99 pence , i 'll have you know !, 
   # 12 instead of # 39 !, 
  and you 're still moaning about paying p&p , 
  nope . 
  could tell he had lost his burst of pace and first touch , in his final few months with us . 
  he played the world cup with an injury and the niggles finally got to him, 
  i wish this comment was put on an ` askreddit blacklist ' , just like ` what last airbender movie ?! ', 
  michael scott left in season 7 near the end , the last season was nine . 
  was n't there only one episode with the dreams ? 
  and wes anderson, 
  their financial resources ? 
  they spent plenty of money for a team in the bottom half, 
  good start , had a few half chances . 
  got to think we need to take one of these soon though . 
  also nice to see milner back out wide where he can affect the game . 
  hendo 's back baby, 
  guy who owns brentford owns them . 
  they won the league the other year . 
  that 's all i know about them, 
  some may stick around for a while in the hope they get bought out , if they 're promised a buyout, 
  psn : snipeeze ( made it when i was 12 ), 
  region : uk, 
  playstyle : flank a lot . 
  but i 'll play however to be honest . 
  mic : yes, 
  odd thing is i played two games in the lobby , only used the shotty in one, 
  from like 2006/7 until 2010 reina was unbelievable . 
  after that he lost something , and became a bit unreliable . 
  always love the bloke though . 
  i know it 's one of the easier guns to use , i do n't even use it that often . 
  i 'm a frontier or variable rifle guy, 
  one of the few goalies out there who 'd get a few assists every year, 
  that happens , 50 % of pensioners would move to aus, 
  i 'd have loved if it happens/happened . 
  love to move to canada for a while, 
  yeah , that seemed an odd one . 
  galvanized a demoralized , relegated team , got you back up and looked good . 
  oscar would n't go to psg . 
  no position for him . 
  they 're 4-3-3 until death, 
  here in the uk , audi 's and bmw 's are so common you ca n't make sweeping generalisations about their driving . 
  only people who are consistently dickheads are taxi 's, 
  if you 're in the right/left turn lane , you do n't need to put your indicator on . 
  it 's implied by the lane you 're in . 
  same here in the uk , really . 
  renault , actually . 
  your dick is on your head . 
  maybe in america . 
  why would i indicate in a lane which is only going one way ? 
  okay mate, 
  guy 's been watching [ roberto carlos ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ecor__tjnq ), 
  he has been in a tournament or two iirc, 
  1:20 showings will be pretty dead . 
  spoilers below, 
  really enjoyed it . 
  went in un-spoiled , thanfully . 
  few problems . 
  not a fan of the ` kylo ren is leia/han 's son ' thing , felt a bit rehashed . 
  like his character though , if there 's one way to set him up as a villain in the later movies , it 's by killing han . 
  speaking of , i think everyone seen that coming once he got on the bridge . 
  the humour was great . 
  loved c3-p0 's entrance . 
  lived up to expectations , but felt a bit rushed . 
  wow , really ? 
  the cinema i work at is dead even for the big movies until about 5pm . 
  i got there for half 11 and the trailers started at five past midnight . 
  i was sat down with popcorn/drink within 15 minutes , but if your cinema 's as busy as you say , maybe an hour before ? 
  to be fair , chewie reacted how i 'd expect him to . 
  you only see him for a few moments after it actually happens, 
  money-wise , not flops . 
  but terrible movies . 
  pod racing is cool though . 
  my town has free parking everywhere . 
  we get people coming from different towns , purely so they do n't pay for parking , even though it costs more getting here,
