  nah , can still have a good team for both matches . 
  rest gerrard midweek , a few others , play markovic , lambert , manquillo , et al. 
  they were, 
  / r/worldnews is horrendous for that . 
  do n't want it in the way of motd though . 
  i liked watching motd then tfls, 
  really ? 
  you think balotelli has a very good work rate ? 
  i do the same after preston 's highlights, 
  well it 's nice to know more about our transfer formula , at least . 
  definitely dissolves rodgers of a lot of the blame . 
  just got to wonder who 'll snap first , rodgers or fsg regarding the transfer committee . 
  personally i think it 's terrible when a manager gets vetoed on who to buy , since afterall he 's the manager . 
  the scouts should scout players , report to a senior scout , who reports to rodgers , who speaks to the owner or director regarding it . 
  none of this faffing about over having to get blessing from five people with vastly different ideas . 
   william , salah , & diego costa, 
  one of these is not like the others ... 
  the tc last season bought sakho , mig , ilori , et al. 
  they had nothing to do with sturridge/suarez and the rest of the core of the team that made us a success last year . 
  did n't say that . 
  i understand hesitancy occasionally , and he should n't be given a blank check , but there 's a line inbetween the two ideas . 
  err , no . 
  nowhere i mentioned it was rodgers responsible for the good signings and vice versa . 
  op said the tc was responsible for the good last season , and they 're not . 
  heck , if anybody is it 's damien fucking comolli , because the tc was n't there then . 
  well shit , i know what i 'm doing later . 
  one thing which does annoy me , is some cover like cars you ca n't shoot underneath them, 
  snipeeze is my username . 
  i 'm on every day . 
  only excuse is if there 's an enemy right by you . 
  hate it when someone executes an enemy instead of reviving you . 
  cunts . 
  ... apart from torres . 
  rafa loved his 4-2-3-1 , so probably that . 
  `` they never made an avatar movie !, 
  i love how they picked randomers out of an audience to be the stars . 
  i love how there 's not even any trolls in it , and i love that documentary ` best worst movie ever ' or whatever , and how much of a mental bastard the director was . 
  i love bojan on fifa . 
  if anyone can , bojan can !, 
  it 'll all about portugal . 
  strong as fuck centre backs , will . 
  carvalho and tiago in cm , quaresma , nani , moutinho , and ronaldo up top . 
  strong in defence , quick and deadly as fuck in attack . 
  there 's one near me , infact i 've seen a few around the merseyside/cheshire region, 
   3 ; do n't smoke, 
  mourinho has a hard-on for united though . 
  yeah , i do n't like how teams drop into it from the cl , personally . 
  is it , though ? 
  chelsea are running away with it . 
  an interesting season would have three or four teams still chasing the league in feb/march time . 
  now , of course that may end up happening for all i know , i just very much doubt it . 
  and israel has been firing at them , too . 
  swings in roundabouts . 
  sir david attenborough * . 
  he looks , and seems really well for his age , think he 's got a bit more life in him yet, 
  he does n't look a day over 80 . 
  mad . 
  do n't forget your coat either , love . 
  working on it now mate , first match thread , 
  on loan from southampton , unhappy forster took his spot iirc, 
  markovic , for some reason, 
  cheers mate , i used / u/fredsportshd but i 'll pop this one up as a mirror, 
  do n't worry , you 'll still get plenty of chances before this is over . 
  our defenders have the concentration of a kid in willy wonka 's chocolate factory, 
  you think that 's bad ? 
  you should see the rest of our team 's last goals ... 
  drop in the ocean to be honest . 
  we spend far too much wages on other players . 
  johnson is on 110k p/w . 
  he 's not a back-up , he 's first choice now , 
  harsh thing to call boruc . 
  he 's not * that * big . 
  that was the bournemouth fans . 
  surprised he 's playing . 
  apparently the owners made it clear they were unhappy he rejected moves to qpr/sunderland , and did n't want him playing much , to effectively shove him out the door . 
  thanks for the advice on the match thread folks , hope it was passable . 
  * sigh *, 
  chelsea in the draw . 
  we always do shite to mourinho 's chelsea . 
  our last three matches we 've lost . 
  though , the one at the bridge last year was very unfortunate . 
  [ remember this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnb4xahl6py ), 
  he had a tough start , did n't have any confidence . 
  oddly enough , his red card has persuaded rodgers to play him more ... 
   generally considered to be bad, 
  would n't be a few days , would it ? 
  he went to gondor , and back . 
  heck of a journey . 
  binary domain . 
   could still come through :, 
  markovic , origi , moreno , can, 
  all of these i 'm pretty confident will come good . 
  not sure if moreno 's future is at lb or lw , though . 
  he 'll probably peak about 28 or so , seems to be the norm . 
  tl ; dr , four on committee , need majority vote to buy the player . 
  every year there 's this same guy who does it in the month leading up to christmas . 
  ca n't help but smile when i see him . 
  hope he washes the outfit though . 
  liverpool have denied reports that on-loan striker divock origi will be returning to anfield in january .
