  doubt it 's this . 
  he was the same last year . 
  plus he tries 70 yard worldy passes still . 
  not anymore i 'm afraid, 
  been here for well over a year , it 's always been like this . 
  yeah i thought of the remit thing , it 's just a shame prime time sunday when i 'm sitting down for my dinner , that 's on tv . 
  i ca n't take dom seriously anymore . 
  my friend made a video of ** dom 's death , then just as mad world fades out , you hear dom say ` hey !, 
  revive me !, 
  on the contrary my friend i have not !, 
  the reason i signed up was to unsub from / r/atheism, 
  dazed & confused, 
  only about 9 hours now ... 
  they stopped selling these ? 
  pretty sure i seen some not long ago ? 
  yeah , they still sell nerds ... they have them in my sweet shop downtown, 
  i 'm more disappointed there 's no proper flair for cheshire . 
  it 's a whole county and we have no flair !, 
  so i 'm having to use the lancashire one . 
  like everything on this subreddit . 
  the fact you 're calling it out on a negative post about american teens is n't surprising , but i think you 'll find everything here is directed specifically at us teens . 
  i.e top post right now ` as a senior in high school ' . 
  etc, 
  there 's always http://www.aquarterof.co.uk/wham-bars-p-363.html, 
  i like dave . 
  normally has good british comedy on , even if it is repeats often , it 's something to have on in the background . 
  always brightens my day when i see red dwarf , or ( used to be ) spaced , on dave . 
  plus man vs food is oddly enthralling , watching a fat american bloke eat his way to an early grave on-camera . 
  i 'd expect nothing but !, 
  afterall , it is new years !, 
  did n't know we had a flag to be honest ... 
  happy cake day !, 
  sales of lucozade have also shot through the roof, 
  so fellowship of the ring is the only one you did n't like ? 
  because you 've not seen the other two . 
  ah gosh , you beat me to it . 
  i hate the gimmicky ` kill the go compare man ' ones worse than the originals . 
  they 're all just horrific . 
  binary domain . 
  came out when mass effect 3 did , it 's a cracking game . 
  i do n't know this person , but i 'm curious why i 've got her on [ -4 ] ... 
  carrier pigeon . 
  see ; ( as long as you 're a white , straight male ), 
  genuinely do n't think i 've ever heard this ? 
  is this an american thing ? 
  oh i know !, 
  i do n't think i 've heard it . 
  does it apparently , happen on british commentating ? 
  bullfucking shit . 
  this is a teenagers ' place , hateful language is part of the experience . 
  have to admit this one is hilarious, 
  not necessarily . 
  because something 's a rule does n't mean it 's correct , or for the best . 
  it 's just what the few think is best for the majority , or rather , to make their job easier . 
  in nazi germany , was it moral to treat jews as lessers , simply because that was a clog in the nazi machine ? 
  you 're following the rules , but losing your soul . 
  well i 'll be damned . 
  shame it cost so many downvotes to be told ... 
  pretty underwhelmed from the sale this year , i 've only bought one game in tropico 4 . 
  not sure if i 've been through so many sales i 've got all the good deals already , but i 'm pretty underwhelmed . 
  other than us , i 'd prefer arsenal to win the league over city , united , chelsea etc. 
  he 's kinky as shit, 
  holy fuck , you 're about 10 seats from me ?!, 
  were you sat where those gits who do n't get out at half time until 5 minutes into the second half ? 
  all too familiar , and i 'm from widnes . 
  no one knows where it is , it 's just ` near liverpool ', 
  of course . 
  why would you not ? 
  it does n't make them subhuman ... 
  afraid not :p yeah , i sit in a very annoying seat for this . 
  every match , about 49 minutes everyone flocks in , and that one bloke near me shouts ` sit down ! ' . 
  it can get a bit frustrating , but it 's understandable as long as you enjoyed yourself !, 
  haha , yeah , my dad does that . 
  i 've grown so accustomed to it now though !, 
  all part of the experience , as long as things do n't turn sour though . 
  so i take it you do n't have a season ticket ? 
  aye , well my dad has two , not me , i just tag along . 
  nice to see locals on here !, 
  hope you come back soon :p, 
  ( different game ), 
  lol, 
  whilst this can be true , i am confused as to why k2theeith is still a mod , when he/she/schlee was last active 3 months ago , and can get to a year ago on his first page . 
  in its basics it 's good , and makes sense . 
  but the 11 y.o twats who do n't have a fuck what it means , but think it looks swell to wear the masks and act like an internet hard man piss me off . 
  i think people are very afraid of it all , unrightfully so , they have n't really done anything of note or real importance . 
  so i do n't really care, 
  they almost * deserve * to be hacked with a password like that ... 
  ( i do n't know who you are ) but oh , okay . 
  infact i actually have you on [ +1 ] , so huh . 
  in res , it means i 've given you 1 karma rather than 0 , or -1 / 2etc, 
  it 's a cracking show to be fair, 
  i should n't really say that actually , not seen this years ' yet , only all the prior ones . 
  the 80 's , 90 's , 00 's , '09 etc. 
  shame fielding was n't on this years one , but richard ayoade was , so i 'll have to catch the repeat, 
  it could very well be part of puberty , and just spots/acne . 
  do n't panic , but if you 're that concerned go get checked out . 
  i can assure you , it 's ** probably nothing at all . 
  ** spots , lumps etc are all natural and happen all the time, 
  indeed, 
   but if you 're that concerned go get checked out .
