  this match is boss . 
  am wool . 
  can confirm . 
  `` the prestige 2 : now it gets complicated '', 
  it has a 12a in the uk , because the context the language was used in . 
  think that 's got some truth to it . 
  however , say ` cunt ' to my mum and she 'll flip her shit, 
  * he 's 19 *, 
  weird seeing balotelli playing out left . 
  about sixty minutes in i 'd imagine markovic will come on, 
  `` fuck you stevie '', 
  no , no . 
  fuck you . 
  bit soft , but that was stupid from dier . 
  worked well , but missed a few good chances . 
  thank fuck a fullback who can attack, 
  yes , come on can . 
  think he 's going to be a damn good player . 
  that 's like an under five y.o 's finish . 
  or mine . 
  yep . 
  unless you win all 38 matches of the season no one has ` room to talk ', 
  it 'll all come in time , he 's looked good today and on monday . 
  killed the game so well at 3-0 . 
  happy to sit back and press . 
  spurs have no idea how to break us down . 
  it 's horrible playing thursdays and sundays , it really is . 
  remember when we were in the europa league , such a pain . 
  go on brendan !, 
   alcohol not only tastes like shit ,, 
  you 're drinking the wrong drink . 
  i watched it and understood it , however i 've only just realised that that 's why he did n't know what knot he tied . 
  1 mil loan fee and cover his wages . 
  decent for both clubs , stupid how he did n't want to leave permanently . 
  really ca n't see aubameyang getting upgraded . 
  nah , same as most of the shows in this thread . 
  archer is very famous . 
  to be fair , jones is a bit of a favourite of a lot of liverpool fans . 
  when he 's played he 's actually done quite well ( penalty save vs blackburn springs to mind ) , though i think a lot of it is sympathy for when his child died . 
  at blackpool he was the focal point in a very attacking team , they basically relied on him for all set pieces and looked for him to start the attacks . 
  got his move too soon and soon it was obvious about his limitations . 
  a very good highlight player , but over 90 minutes he can be picked apart quite easily . 
  very immobile , and in a larger team when there 's plenty of quality around him did n't stand out at all . 
  yup , early seasons nailed it . 
  as it went on i really did n't care anymore , i 'll still watch the new season when it makes it to netflix though . 
  to be honest i liked it from the off , just my type of humour . 
  turan will make it . 
  big upgrade for godin too possibly ? 
  bit off topic , but i 'm curious , who exactly goes to wembley for international matches ? 
  what 's the demographic like ? 
  i live in the north west , but would never dream of going down to wembley unless it was a cup final for liverpool . 
  are the international match goers all locals ? 
  the point about birmingham is n't about being culturally relative , but being slap bang in the middle of the country . 
  i sure as shit am not going from liverpool to wembley for an international match . 
  moreno 's goal at whl was such a bale run , too !, 
  painful watching him not know where to play him , or the rest of the liverpool lot in the wc . 
  watching sigurdsson in a team that knows how to use him is an absolute treat . 
  he alone , will win you so many points . 
  i remember when rodgers tried to get him just as he joined , wonder what would have happened to his career if he had joined us ... 
  does it seem true ? 
  i think the only reason people would think it seems true is because people always used to say it . 
  i used to work in a call centre here in the uk . 
  figured it 's slightly relevant to chuck a few points if you 're stuck on hold , or struggling to get answers . 
  if they have a marketing number for subscribing , or joining or whatever , call that , apologise and asked to be put through to customer support , they 'll probably just blind transfer you straight to someone . 
  ) never swear , if you swear , that 's the excuse we/they use to hang up on you . 
  if you swear over many phone calls , you may be blacklisted . 
  the people on the other end of the phone probably agree with you , but they 've been told how to handle calls , and make it as hard as possible if it 's about getting a refund/better service et al. 
  as much as you wan na get worked up , do n't shout , it 'll end the same as point 2 . 
  probably worth googling the issue , and other experiences when they called the customer support line , might be a few good tips on there for how to deal with them . 
  i do n't really give much of a toss about internationals anyway , definitely not worth paying the massive ticket fee , and stupid train fares here, 
  mine were blue in pe, 
  well , not top 50 , but 40-50 . 
  bit surprised lloris has an 85 to be honest . 
  they must hire the worst people . 
  my local one is an absolute dickhead . 
  knocks on the door once , then pops the paper through and says i was out . 
  in the time it took for me to get from my room , to the front door , he was back in his fucking car . 
  this happened to me . 
  but it was when i was 16 , and i had about # 25 in there and got a chargeback anyway . 
  it 's been released here in the uk now it 's midnight , or at least it says new eps . 
  pleasantly surprised with this movie , thoroughly enjoyed it . 
  good psych horror , has a great atmosphere . 
  fabregas will join chelsea , balotelli will join liverpool, 
  i used to work in a call centre , # 7.20 p/h . 
  also a call centre near me , argos , infact , pays # 8 p/h, 
  i used to work in a call centre in liverpool , you would n't believe the amount of people who called me a ` scouse cunt ' when they phoned up and asked questions nothing to do with my role . 
  the only time i 've ever been matched with real madrid is when i 've gone barca , real madrid , bayern , or spain . 
  too far apart in ratings , probably . 
  atletico always seem to pull man city , liverpool and bvb , for me . 
  toure 's great . 
  but he goes missing in matches so much . 
  he should be higher than ramsey though , purely based off his form prior to last season . 
  doubt it . 
  ` arry is n't much better , if at all . 
  shame they demanded an english manager , otherwise england would probably look plenty better . 
  nah , but all the press wanted an english manager after capello for some reason, 
  iirc they 've lost a massive amount of their wealth . 
  they do n't really use it . 
  same , but four times ... 
  loads of the episodes are just copies of x-files too .
