  can you add in a graphic of net spend ? 
  they sacked comolli after his stinking transfers , amazing our transfer committee has n't met a similar fate . 
  they just be good mates with tom werner . 
  is middle america a new continent ? 
   retain people, 
  well , thing is , i 'm not sure we can without immediate results . 
  my issue is , it 's great buying youngsters for the future , think we 've been doing that for 20 + years , though . 
  tony evans is a huge bullshitter regarding rodgers . 
  do n't believe . 
  and talksport . 
  do n't believe . 
  why are you keeping us in suspense ? 
  because there 's fuck-all strikers out there available/we could get . 
  it 's called an original in the uk netflix too . 
  god knows why . 
  mkhtaryan been that bad ? 
  i thought he looked a right player . 
  and lock , stock . 
  he 's not that bad . 
  surely he 's better than ramos in midfield . 
  could be the kick start to his career . 
  whoever you sell him to , you 're gon na lose 20 + million, 
  bloody hope so , for 80k p/w !, 
  completely depeneds on the player/manager , and if they 're looking to stay for the long term . 
  when alonso was here , i know his family were definitely here , because his kids are liverpool fans now , lol . 
  i 've only been driving for about seven months . 
  nervous when i first went on the motorway , but it was really easy , literally just common knowledge . 
  i could n't tell you the amount of people i 've seen undertaking a middle lane hogger . 
  i do n't know which one 's worse ... 
  son would cost more . 
  bayer do n't need to sell . 
  same for gustavo , actually . 
  we had the third worst net spend , so by your logic , we should be third ? 
  and the el . 
   liverpool boss says he 's ` shite ' , and there are better managers out there . 
  that spoiler like 2 minutes into it . 
  i 'd have preferred friedel to be honest . 
  kind of . 
  most people at the beeb knew he was dodgy , and a lot knew he was a paedo . 
  they did n't want to out him because of his fame/rep . 
  plenty of people have alluded to his history on bbc . 
  league one, 
  yeah buddy . 
  it 's not as if it 's a done deal though . 
  would n't be surprised if bayern tried for him , what with only having two wingers . 
  just looked at his patreon , $ 4,624.00 monthly he 's on . 
  so you 're saying he 's definitely joining united because he 's good mates with van gaal ? 
  the temptation of winning the league every year , playing in one of the top 3 sides in the world , and consistently getting to the final of the champions league with bayern means nothing ? 
  just because there 's some dutch folks at united does n't mean he 's certainly going to join , yano ? 
  whereas the uk is the kid who always brought his ball to school , made up the games , yet everybody else is better at them . 
  see , i did n't have many expectations at all . 
  started it , and enjoyed it , it was the lack of content that makes me regret my purchase . 
  yeah , got that in the uk . 
  gogglebox . 
  it 's great . 
  momo sissoko was great , then he got an eye injury . 
  he was never the same . 
  does n't need to be ` football related ' for it to cause issues . 
  you should n't , it 's repeated on reddit every hour . 
  back to the ol' gerrard as a dm formation . 
  we 'll concede at least once . 
  why ? 
  is there some sort of liverpool/barca rivalry ? 
  79 % possession . 
  wow . 
  pulis has the beating of us in the past , but today it feels like he 's playing a dangerous game . 
  everyone knows we 're poor defensively , but they 're not even trying to attack yet . 
  yeah i know . 
  but this game was here for the taking for pulis , back four and gerrard as the only cover is the recipe for disaster . 
  absolutely shocking game . 
   what is rodgers supposed to do ? 
  buy players for when the inevitable sturridge injury happened . 
  meh , depends . 
  if it 's a confirmed vet or anything , i would n't . 
  if he 's a sheriff or something , might as well . 
  out of curiosity , what has gone wrong for roma this year ? 
  same for us too really . 
  i sure as shit would n't support france !, 
  got ta say , mulholland drive for me was n't my favourite lynch movie . 
  blue velvet is the lynch movie i recommend . 
  office space is really relatable , which helped its status . 
  it 's a depressing reminder of what life is like being an office worker . 
  kind of like american beauty , but set in an office . 
  yeah , this is the only one in the thread so far i agree with . 
  i was expecting more from a mel brooks movie . 
  i know someone from norway , always moans about the price of alcohol . 
  christ mate , supporting millwall ? 
  you brave fucker . 
  could have gave a penalty there . 
  completely took him out . 
  that 's like a fifa moment , where i 'd be destroying my controller for not getting the penalty or advantage . 
  no it would n't, 
  are you sure ? 
  it 's almost always a foul/yellow . 
  that one was n't a pen . 
  i do n't think that one was a pen , but harsh to call it a dive and book him . 
  that one was n't a penalty . 
  harsh to book him , and give a dive , mind . 
  one . 
  the thing is , he is one of the better ones i think .
