  i was born in '95 and he was like an urban legend even until i left school in ' 11 . 
  been going for ages, 
  of world wars ? 
  loads of countries have won 100 %, 
  yeah it 's free in the uk here too, 
  who buys the players ? 
  ... but i thought favourites does n't matter roberto ? 
  they 're not begging to manage us , but we will have options . 
  comments from klopp etc say just that . 
  ca n't see how rodgers is our best option right now . 
  he was n't even our best option in the summer when they decided to keep him . 
  have palace put in a cross higher than knee height ? 
  in part possibly because reina got him some assists , heh . 
  unlucky for mane . 
  denied a pen , then booked for diving when he did n't, 
  i 'm a pessimist , but if our form continues , even though fsg seem to love him , i reckon he 'll be gone anytime from monday to a month from now, 
  nope . 
  i love hendo lucas and sakho , but they 're just not really leaders . 
  few years ago we had stevie , carra , reina , kuyt , maxi etc. 
  now ? 
  no one stands up . 
  already seen them burst through our midfield . 
  lucas and milner just are n't mobile enough . 
  glad moreno 's taking corners now . 
  `` where 's your suarez now lad '', 
  i 've been asking the same thing too, 
  it used to be carra it picked up . 
  `` out fucking out '', 
  well to be fair , kicking the ball away is meant to be a yellow . 
  whether you agree or not it should , it is meant to be . 
  sit with the everton fans though . 
  they love you mancs because you 're better than us , and they know they 'll never be better than us themselves for longer than a year, 
  it 's always been wank, 
  only when it 's the derby, 
  he 's our best centre back . 
  got to think with a manager who knows how to set up a defence he 'd be immense . 
  i hope . 
  this is just a normal derby . 
  yeah , this is how we play normally . 
  start well , then shit the bed after half hour, 
  lucas and milner just are n't mobile enough . 
  say what you want about allen 's abilities , at least he 's mobile . 
  deck him emre son . 
  so barkley could have just gotten his second yellow . 
  is deulofeu playing ? 
  edit - he is , just gave the ball away, 
  even when we 're wank we can still beat the blue shite, 
  he ai n't done much for us yet, 
  that defending lads, 
  true , but i 'm still expecting much more from him if he wants/demands to play in centre midfield . 
  match over then mate ? 
  that 's where he should play , but unfortunately if he was n't in centre mid , we 'd have allen and lucas/can . 
  he 's not right back , he 's right sided centre back . 
  it 's a derby ? 
  it 's a fucking derby mate . 
  do n't be so sensitive , otherwise football 's not the sport for you . 
  / r/soccer politics is the worst . 
  i got downvoted and called nasty and juvenile for calling you lot blueshites, 
  it 's a fucking derby !, 
  got ta love it when we try play out from the back when none of them can pass a fucking ball, 
  lukaku always plays well against us . 
  even at west brom . 
  a manager change would be more effective, 
  if everton had more than one person in the box then they 'd have scored . 
  do n't forget the fact neither of our strikers are ever going to win many long balls . 
  fuck 's sake milner , get your finger out and do something not stupid . 
  anyone who does n't watch us usually can see what 's wrong with us and rodgers based off this match . 
  brendan rodgers off -- jurgen klopp on, 
  seriously though , coutinho off for lallana , and can off for allen , go to four at the back , lucas in behind with allen and milner ahead , lallana in behind the front two . 
  mignolet 's kicking and aerial ability is what 's awful , his shot stopping is great . 
  `` we can rebuild him '', 
  only reason rodgers is leaving sturridge and coutinho on is they 're the only players who can create something out of nothing . 
  it 's come to this . 
  no tactics , no gameplan , just hope they do something late on . 
  diving cunt, 
  another poor performance , no gameplan , subs that do n't do anything . 
  milner was hilariously terrible , he needs to up his game something fierce . 
  [ rodgers ' record ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cqesiigwcaadm10.jpg ), 
  great weekend for me . 
  aguero as captain , payet vice captain , ighalo , sanchez , cabaye, 
  `` this content does n't seem to be working - try again later '', 
   the reds boss adds that he does not feel the pressure reported in the media and that his young players need to be given more time to develop . 
  perfect crime , only buy youngsters then constantly whip out this line, 
  no chance . 
  i doubt he 'll be sacked anytime soon , but if he was it 'd be tomorrow around noon . 
  lol no , just that we would n't sack him the same day as a match . 
  just does n't happen . 
  slap my arse and call me wrong ey, 
  yeah , no . 
  he works for talksport, 
  that was the summer he joined ... 
  that 's why we 've done it now with an international break , so we have two weeks to sort it out, 
  those troughs are something else , honestly , the state of them . 
  i only pissed there once , the smell was unbearable . 
  i pissed in bottles or in the bin near our camp . 
  oddly enough i did n't shit , or need to shit until i got home , soon as i stepped through the door though , the flood gates opened, 
  back then klopp was n't very relevant . 
  well we could have gotten pellegrini though, 
  if we 're playing good football , he 'll get plenty of time . 
  he 's also the type of man we as a fanbase will fall in love with quickly .
