  i 'm really overwhelmed here . 
  i do n't know what really to do , other than the basic of own a farm . 
  i cleared out the weeds , but god knows what to do now ? 
  how do i clear the rocks ? 
  how do i do the basics ? 
  tar . 
  i 'm going uni in september so i need a new one , would this be a good laptop for gaming and general usage ? 
  just curious , as tormund had n't left by the time jon 's stabbed , and he was a decent friend of jon it seemed . 
  tormund does n't seem to like the night 's watch , but trusted jon , and jon 's word . 
  now the night 's watch is potentially back in other hands , he 'll have meaning to worry . 
  if he said the word , tormund could easily wipe out every nights watchman . 
  how do you expect tormund to react ? 
  anyone else noticed it ? 
  yo , woke up yesterday with severe acheing , pounding headache , fever , basically all the flu symptons . 
  so i thought it was that , but after a few hours i noticed my wee burned , and was coming out horrible yellow colour and smelt dreadful , and i kept shitting everything out . 
  after i looked it all up , it seems a kidney infection , and i 'm planning on trying to go the doctors soon . 
  however i dunno how long itll take , and i was just curious , what has caused this ? 
  from what i can see , it 's much more common in girls , and i 'm a boy . 
  it also said it can be caused by anal sex , which i have n't done . 
  so i 'm just at a loss what 's caused this ? 
  do n't bloody show any of them if you do n't have the rights to the last two , goddamn . 
  and what did they understand of them , and how ? 
  i never got around to windwaker originally , i 've only ever played oot and mm , and never completed them because i was a bit young at the time and could n't be fucked . 
  everywhere i look for wwhd the cheapest i can find it is about # 45 , which is about 70 dollars . 
  this seems way too much for a hd remake , regardless of what game it 's for . 
  i 've found wiiu game prices to be really reasonable , pikmin 3 was # 30 on release etc. 
  will wwhd really prove a hit if it 's so highly priced ? 
  edit - sources ;, 
  i 've wanted to learn more about their mythology for ages , but i 've never been able to find books which help my understanding without throwing me in a the deep end . 
  staying in the city for uni , not been the stadium for a match yet , picked up my tickets before . 
  any good pubs nearby ? 
  anything i should know ? 
  `` that 's the dead centre of [ wherever we are ] , that is ! '', 
  so i came back from uni last night , tried to get online on my wii u , want connecting . 
  reset my connection , it passed and connected to my router and the internet , but when i try to go on the marketplace or netflix or the browser , it 's saying there 's connection issues . 
  i 'm at a bit of a loss to be honest , i 've tried all the basic solutions like turning it off and on , giving it a while etc , and nothing . 
  any ideas on what to do ? 
  watched the latest potc movie last night , got me in the mood of a good old pirate film , just finishing up the count of monte cristo , not quite what i expected , but entertaining non the less , now i want a good sailing/pirate movie . 
  cheers, 
  just finished season 2 , and the bit at the party with the security guard made me laugh so much i cried . 
  `` what 's the fucking line on the knicks ? '', 
  but i ca n't turn my wifi off , because i need it for home use . 
  and they always have the same bloody bloke doing the voice over, 
  just wanted to create discussion on who we think in a few years will be huge . 
  by child actor i mean someone 16 under really . 
  just been watching the conjuring and i was really impressed by the one who plays christine , google says she 's called joey king . 
  who do you all think in a few years will be the next big thing then ? 
  seeding is defined as, 
   a seed is a preliminary ranking that can be used in arranging a sports tournament . 
  it is called a seed because of the analogy with plants where the seed might grow into a top rank at the end of that tournament , or might instead wither away . 
  players/teams are ` planted ' into the bracket in a manner that is typically intended so that the best do not meet until later in the competition . 
  the term ` seed ' was first used in tennis and is based on the idea of laying out a tournament ladder by arranging slips of paper with the names of players on them the way seeds or seedlings are arranged in a garden : smaller plants up front , larger ones behind . 
  i think seeding just makes the top competitors stay at the top longer by giving them easier competition . 
  i understand the reasons for seeding , like in football/soccer it 's to make sure the best teams stay in the competition longer to make the final stages more entertaining , but i just disagree with it . 
  i think every team/sports person should be drawn completely random , and the luck of the draw is what should count . 
  [ 01:25 ] is when it properly kicks in, 
  i do n't understand their direction with this . 
  taking my dog for a walk , an old bloke , mid 70 's in a flat cap was going past , with a wheelbarrow with some large wooden pallet board-y looking things in , as he went past me he said `` i 'm going to a board meeting '', 
  burst out in laughter . 
  not been a big fan of them for years now , loved the hell out of dw3 , but the rest were average at best . 
  this one looks , and plays beautifully . 
  really fleshed out story , tons to do , i 've been playing for about 10 hours and i 'm not even sure if i 've gotten any trophies yet . 
  do n't get me wrong , the main reason i bought it was because the ps4 catalogue so far is n't amazing , as expected , but i 'm so glad i bought this . 
  few flaws here and there , the ai 's been improving steadily throughout the years , this one has the best so far . 
  only fault really is that the generals seem to barely attack you , other than musou . 
  i 've googled the issue of course , and could n't find anything that worked , so i figured i 'd put it here too . 
  basically my controller would n't connect , so i put it on charge for a while . 
  still nothing . 
  the light blinks white on it a few times , then goes off . 
  when it 's plugged in , it pulses orange , but still nothing . 
  i 've tried to reset the controller , i 've checked for any system updates , i 've tried holding the ps button with the options button , still nothing . 
  the weird thing is though , when my ps4 's turned off , i can turn it on by pressing the ps button on the controller , then when it turns on , it just wo n't sync . 
  i can use my other controller fine , that one connects no problem , but my other one just wo n't . 
  i 'm lost for ideas . 
  with his ridiculously loud voice . 
  also the first story i see on it , is a woman complaining that someone in prison has sued them because they broken his belongings whilst in prison . 
  a main story , and all he was awarded was # 800 . 
  the woman keeps saying ' i know the people of britain are unhappy ' as if she knows . 
  seen them all , love the shit out of it . 
  thinking of buying the boxset , but i recently got the x-files boxset , and now hear they 're making them into hd . 
  before i get sfu , does anyone know of any plans for it on blu-ray ? 
  new guy here , with a question . 
  got my nautilus the other week , stopped working before . 
  think the coil 's stopped , but it came with another one , so it 's fine . 
  went to replace it , and i have n't the foggiest idea how to . 
  what i think has happened is the core has gotten stuck in the other end of it , not the base . 
  it 's gotten stuck to the head bit which attaches to the glass container . 
  i 've been trying to get it free , but it 's just not working . 
  i 'm sat here typing with bloodied hands because i 've been trying for ages now and it 's just not coming unstuck from the other end , so i ca n't replace it . 
  any help ? 
  cheers guys xx . 
  constantly , without exception , whenever i eat chocolate . 
  is it fake ? 
  semi-staged ? 
  some of the episodes seem fake , and others a bit set up , but i really want it to be real . 
  my camera 's shite , so i 'll just copy it out ... 
  thank you for your email . 
  i and the party ( labour ) do share your concerns about the legislation being introduced so late . 
  i raised the following with the home secretary :, 
  derek twigg ( halton ) ( lab ) : the home secretary said that `` the government will also introduce a package of measures to reassure the public that their right to security and privacy are equally protected . '',
