  it 's worth noting the current uk government also has awful approval ratings . 
  i hated season 2 the first watch , but then after the first few of season 3 i went back and rewatched ssn 2 and really enjoyed it, 
  this just in ? 
  gosh . 
  buy a globe . 
  aye , that was the true legacy of thatcher . 
  not winning an election for over 20 years . 
  all our parties are kack , pretty much anyway, 
  yep . 
  it 's the type of thing everyone moans about but given the opportunity , everyone would jump at the chance of becoming a rich as fuck club, 
  and one that 's not doing a half bad job . 
  you 'll finish top 4 , and possibly win the europa league . 
  your fans give him shit but you it 'll take a massive effort to fluff up this season, 
  considering the bloke does n't have any of his own signings , not allowed to sign players , and walked into an unstable club , he 's done well . 
  not in the uk it 's not . 
  do n't be obnoxiously loud . 
  also known as ` bum bags ', 
  are n't we set to have fully eliminated the deficit by about 2400 or something ? 
  is n't it like 0.25 % a year, 
  my curtains are cream coloured so they do fuck all and i still could n't see my screen, 
  it 's silly , but it pains me when it 's called ` skins uk ' , it 's not , it 's skins . 
  the uk one is * the * skins !, 
  all that 's going to be posted is german teams , let 's face it . 
  such a pain living outside the us , takes ages to get the latest comics, 
  in a few weeks , yeah , for about x5 the price :(, 
  he 'd have possibly joined him , to be honest . 
  i know he 's not dead , but morgan . 
  doubt we 'll see him again now unfortunately . 
  comic morgan was cool too . 
  he 's been saying this constantly for ages . 
  there will always be rumours about him leaving , we just have to hope he actually follows through with it , unlike a certain chelsea striker . 
  i would n't blame him if he left , though , as long as we got a fair price . 
  he 's too good for us right now , and every moment with him we should cherish the fuck out of, 
  oh definitely , and if it happened again i 'd bite their hands off , again . 
  it just wrangles as how he left, 
  yeah , unfortunately this is true . 
  kind of ruined the pleasantness of the banner pre-match . 
  i always thought the govenor 's initial attack was the bit in the show [ ] ( / s `` when axel was shot . '' ), 
  but they were never aware of the zombies . 
  they got told there was a riot or something , then got trapped in there, 
  i 'd agree , but without them this place will be a bit quiet until october time . 
  i always hoped eugene 's character would be developed more than it actually has been . 
  got my a2 exams in about a month . 
  4 exams between june 6th/15th . 
  got my a2 exams in about a month . 
  4 exams between june 6th/15th . 
  in my defence , i wrote this at 4am ... 
  i did n't , i was going to , but it was really late and i forgot :(, 
  i thought it was better , personally !, 
  this one 's story is much superior , and you properly get to know the villains better, 
  i agree completely . 
  however , there is a question of morality that kirk needs to decide upon , which was a nice feature to see . 
  it 's also quite an important moment, 
  maths , science double award , english lang , eng lit , re , geography , history , business , pe , cida ( it ), 
  life of pi was guilty of this . 
  well i thought city should n't sack mancini , but it seems he 's lost the dressing room a bit . 
  poor effort from city , for all their attacking talent , they just did n't want it enough . 
  motm for city , oddly enough , is probably zabaleta . 
  well i thought city should n't sack mancini , but it seems he 's lost the dressing room a bit . 
  poor effort from city , for all their attacking talent , they just did n't want it enough . 
  motm for city , oddly enough , is probably zabaleta . 
  still really want to play it , but the learning curve 's put me off for nearly two years now ... 
  where are you from dude ? 
  just curious , because i know some places like france have shit unclean water , but where i live ( uk ) , it tastes just like bottled, 
  might have been where i stayed in the south then , but we were n't allowed to drink the tap water or something, 
  most premier league football will be shown than on nbc than will be in the uk :(, 
  people do n't know the name of this song ? 
  bad decision in my opinion . 
  he 's a top manager who 's done great for them . 
  bit crap this season , but gosh , give him more of a chance . 
  who expected anything from him ? 
  he 's been awful for years !, 
  a family member 's going out with someone who is descended from that family line , so they 're * related to hitler *, 
  this is a very scouse feeling from what i can tell . 
  liverpool , everton , most fans do n't give a stuff about england 's team , like me . 
  watching england , it just does n't feel like my team , or my country . 
  club or country ? 
  club every day of the week . 
  he 's also a horrible , two faced twat, 
  gonzalez is harsh . 
  ** diouf ** would be there . 
  yep . 
  he had a good few years , but i think 2005 cl messes with peoples view of him, 
  arbeloa 's was decent , and babbel was very good but did n't play enough , but i 'd still put finnan there . 
  finnan was quality for about 3 years . 
  unbelievably solid , decent pace , could cross , pass , and defended like a viking . 
  he never gets the appreciation he deserves . 
  i wo n't tip unless there 's something specially good about the service . 
  it could be as small as a smile , seeming chirpy or something . 
  linehan is very famous over here in the uk for his shows . 
  probably not as much in the us , so their inclusion is understandable . 
  you 're dismissed, 
  red dwarf is very popular . 
  why would n't he ? 
  one last chance at a different club , and a winners medal . 
  american beauty, 
  about lester breaking from the shackles of society , and life . 
  he breaks from being a consumer in a dead end job ( in the cave ) , to breaking outside , kicking arse . 
  like that bit about the couch , `` so what ? 
  it 's only a couch ! '',
