  it 's man city , they do n't necessarily buy players they need , just the best players around, 
  berbatov and owen at celtic , thought they 'd light the league alight . 
  they were awful , the pair of them . 
  flogged berbatov in january , he got 3/4 goals with ar of about 6.5 , owen got about 6/7 with ar of about 6.7 . 
  to put this in comparison , paddy mccourt ar 'd over 8.0, 
  my inch will help, 
  full metal jacket . 
  i 'll take that . 
  do you feel hate for humanity when you see how some people are ( the phelps ) , but then at the same time realise the good in humanity ( those protesting the phelp 's pickets ) ? 
  which outweighs the other ? 
  i want a subreddit of whynotbeme2 taking pictures of draxxion , taking pictures of ian . 
  he 'll have to balls to come back from thi - oh wait ... 
  would you recommend playing as ajax ? 
  40k fine is a bigger fine than any nation 's ever recieved for clear racist chanting by countries fans . 
  i know the fa and fifa are different , but just to put it in perspective . 
  wow , to punish someone in this way without any actual evidence , and the fact evra himself said he does n't think suarez is racist , is ridiculous imo . 
  huh my op did not turn out popular , haha . 
  and yeah i kind of do agree . 
  players wearing ` suarez 7 ' training t-shirts . 
  i dream of the day i see him on the street , and i can say `` hey ian , nice bedsheets dude '', 
  excuse my ignorance , but were n't blackburn fighting relegation under sam allardyce , too ? 
  nope . 
  because no one from the other sex texts me : c, 
  we have vince cable . 
  what a porn name that is, 
  started the other day , in mid-january , top of the league with a healthy 7 million budget left . 
  having fun so far , only got into europa league though . 
  el hamdaoui 's been pretty bad . 
  edit - which players would you recommend keeping , just to save time ? 
  cheers dude . 
  can see what you mean about sigborsson , turning out the performances now . 
  eriksson 's quality too , him and kadlec ( who i bought ) are linking up very nicely . 
  still got 8 million that i did n't spend , because frankly i 'm walking the league now :d, 
  cheers, 
  happy to dish out this ban , but not shown why they banned him for 8 matches yet . 
  so happy to dish out the bans , but ca n't justify them . 
  sleep little prince , sleep . 
  once downing learns to cross , we might get somewhere !, 
  it 's come from every match he 's played this season , his crossing has been atrocious . 
  it either hits the defenders torso or his knee . 
  he got tons of successful crosses last season , but this season it 's been dreadful . 
  soon he will emerge a beautiful ian butterfly , and fly away from his parents . 
  just want to say , thanks for trying your best for folks like me !, 
  meh , he cares more about scoring , than winning . 
  does very little except from score , if things are n't going our way he wo n't work . 
  plus i doubt it 's true . 
  used to it , we 're the club with ` deluded fans ' , we now ` condone and agree with racism ' and buy ` over-priced englishmen ' , and whatnot . 
  shrug it off, 
  marvin martin , soldado , james mccarthy . 
  this is one of my favourites . 
  i like the top high angle , and the full look on his face . 
  reina ; johnson , enrique , skrtel , agger ; kuyt , adam , henderson , downing , bellamy , carroll . 
  going through it now . 
  like you , i do n't have sexual urges towards them , but they feel more than admiration . 
  i 'm in my late teens , only started less than a year ago . 
  sexual healing ? 
  [ here 's one ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lw0cwoghak1qe5r69o1_500.jpg ), 
  reina , johnson , skrtel , agger , enrique ; spearing , adam , bellamy , maxi , kuyt , suarez . 
  how does one add the picture to the side ? 
  please and thank you . 
  [ thank you !, 
  [ ] ( / twibeam `` i got it ! '' ), 
  i do n't know why everyone wants to sign podolski , put him in a germany shirt and he 's quality , in every other jersey he 's average ... 
  darren bent looks like he 's coming . 
  various journalists and other `` itks, 
  `` darren bent 's told everyone that if we make any bid for him , he 's going to see the owner to tell him he 's leaving . 
  no movement since we spoke to his agent . '', 
  * subjective mode * enrique 's quite under-rated still . 
  really really solid player . 
  not the best in the world or anything , but still top quality . 
  `` adam had struggled to make an impact from anything other than set-piece '' silly article , that 's been adam 's main weak point so far . 
  been bad in recent games , but his set pieces have always been bad for us . 
  harsh on spearing too . 
  ferdinand 's gash tonight . 
  well he needs thumbs to answer the phone . 
  merseyside police deny any arrests for racially aggravated offences at anfield      danroan on twitter . 
  it seems to me like everyone assumed it was racist because adeyemi is black . 
  definitely . 
  whatever upset him was clearing not pleasant , whether it was a coin as some suggested or not . 
  the media in this country are pathetic , assuming it 's racially motivated . 
  double standards from oldham fans too though , chanting ` dirty scouse bastards ' , then five minutes later ` liverpool are racist ' chants , i know anti-scouse chants are n't racist , but they 're discriminatory . 
  michael paton was quality for me in blue square prem , league 2 and 1 . 
  he 's a bargain . 
  stayed on the tele , you should have stayed on the tele - to alan shearer when he took newcastle down . 
  weird how almost all united songs involve liverpool in some way , huh ? 
  indeed , but you do n't expect almost every song to be after a rival, 
  chris foy has no business refereeing ~ ~ at this level ~ ~, 
  [ ] ( / flutteryay `` weird thing , i know thay guy ! '' ), 
  [ ] ( / squintyjack ) - squints at everyone in the room -, 
  personally , i thought it was a good challenge , bit reckless , but i do n't want football to become a non-contact sport , which i do believe it 's in danger of becoming . 
  but fuck it , now he 's suspended for our match !, 
  seen an attractive teacher in college , had three free 's that day . 
  i was sat there with some friends , when all of a sudden i got a surprise boner , so i waited for it to go back down , then off to the bathroom 's and knocked one out . 
  people kept coming in and out so i had to stop and start , but dear god i felt naughty for the rest of the day, 
  i can vouch for this . 
  i love your glasses and your smile , definitely not ugly . 
  i love your eyes !, 
  you 've got a really pretty face . 
  i have a friend who 's terrified of pretzels , unnaturally . 
  he freaks out if he sees one , it 's most humorous .
