  dropping like flies . 
  yet benteke still ca n't get on . 
  best fucking defender now , too, 
  lucas at centre back , milner in the middle ? 
  bloody lucky for allen , ibe behind him . 
  doubt it , but needs must . 
  other than him , it 'd be brad smith , brannagan etc. 
  lucas has a bloody good leap on him . 
  i 'm really trying to love you , firminho . 
  need to be better than that, 
  remix . 
  fields of anfield road . 
  am i ? 
  we 've played far from wonderful . 
  do n't you be dissing kolo bruv . 
  remember when they did a tournie in qatar ? 
  that was definitely the players ' choice . 
  shrek 2 . 
  it 's ... difficult to deal with . 
  it 's disruptive , and we do n't like it either . 
  but kicking people out will cause even more problems , they 'll probably be confrontational , kick up a scene and disrupt other people further . 
  if we get 2/3 complaints , it forces our hand, 
  i think most people hate wilshere , to be fair . 
  terry , diouf and fellaini , too . 
  s01 e04 , ` social psychology ' . 
  abed talking about indiana jones, 
  i 'd never heard of him before reddit , so i 'm completely indifferent . 
  think he 's a pretty american thing . 
  i thought this was an urban legend ? 
  heard the story years ago . 
  same for the skittles/smarties one . 
  think we 're recalling him , too . 
  ~ 11 here . 
  must be down, 
  do n't know a lot about milan 's youngsters , but we have plenty of talented kids ourselves . 
  getting them into the first team and playing well , that 's the issue . 
  hellfiring an empty board too . 
  i feel bad when people prep into nothing just to make a bigger van cleef , just for it to die . 
  are you saying hogger should n't be in my facehunter ? 
  i seen kolento do it . 
  he reduces the cost of the molten giants by 3 each , so he could play both of them and taunt them up, 
  plucky little bournemouth . 
  benteke captain . 
  odd seeing that . 
  you stumbled across bowie ? 
  nmh are great though , can listen to in the aeroplane over the sea back to back and it 's always great . 
  also good if you 're stoned . 
  might have been after the match . 
  and on fm-base, 
  no one has to be fair . 
  so much spam , and all the good members left, 
  yeah same here . 
  before coming up against them , i thought it 'd be an unfavourable matchup , too . 
  great feeling getting through justicar-level armor with murlocs . 
  so good in handlock , there 's always targets . 
  getting a hit off emperor , leeroy + power overwhelming + faceless is essentially my win condition with my renolock . 
  it 's pretty fucking difficult to counter it . 
  came up against one with handlock , i made sure i had taunted giants up on turn 10 , blocked the first wave . 
  then the second one ... 
  if you 're control warrior , i 'd just say to hope you get justicar early and try get out of range , and keep your brawl/bgh for the waves . 
  i hope we give him his chance . 
  we normally fuck up players by sending them on loan for 4 years , then releasing them without giving them a chance . 
  ward could actually replace mignolet, 
   good ball handler, 
  no matter how many times i read this , i always smirk . 
  bit surprised murloc paladin is as low as it is . 
  i 'm having huge success with it so far , and ca n't play against it when i come up against them . 
  or when that 2/2 which gets a coin when it attacks a hero pops out of a shredder , allowing your opponent just enough mana to fonsr you . 
  my god man , educate yourself !, 
  grosse point blank, 
  i 've actually not came up against one yet . 
  but when you do , i imagine you just try to hoard all your healing spells and keep equality/pyromancer for antonidas/alex, 
  great match to watch to be fair , even if it was painful . 
  funny thing is , other than score four goals , arshavin played pretty crap . 
  i do n't have any preps , but i still play it occasionally ( to little success obviously ) , but its great fun . 
  especially if you gang up healbots vs hunter, 
  he was good at bristol city and swansea , to be fair . 
  but after that ... 
  it was showing that wes bentley 's character can see the true , inner beauty of things and find beauty in common things . 
  his character 's in high school . 
  never said anything about artsy . 
  my point still stands, 
  oh i know , but i disenchanted them the other year because i never played rogue . 
  bad idea . 
  still have fun with the deck though . 
  yeah . 
  that way for the second wave shit really hits the fan with the full seven murlocs instead of dead murlocs in the first wave , and filling up your deck, 
  hopefully . 
  arsenal wo n't come to defend , so we may be able to get a bit of luck . 
  for fucks sake . 
  three years we ca n't defend a corner . 
  shit enough to have scored twice against ya . 
  lallana always slows everything down . 
  joe allen !, 
  it 's a minimum of 3 added minutes . 
  not 2:55 . 
  great game . 
  hendo , moreno , firmino really good for us . 
  but goddamn we need a new goalkeeper . 
  murloc druid and control warrior are easy to win against priest with .
