  in their peaks , probably pirlo . 
  tough one actually . 
  maicon had a season or two where he was beyond outstanding , but i 'd say alves may just edge it, 
  he 's been in touch with loads of clubs, 
  yeah they are , and love for us to get him , we definitely give youth a chance , but i massively doubt we 'll go for him unfortunately . 
  a lot of players go on with momentum , making it worse , before they realise they 're in agony . 
  but yeah they play on most of the time anyway, 
  22 jump street , surprisingly very good , better than the first, 
  definitely see your point , plus both if them have their power come from their beards, 
  has n't he gone to loads of clubs training grounds already ? 
  about 2003 i think . 
  owen scored a hattrick against newcastle, 
  it 's equally as hard to feel sorry for someone who murdered someone . 
  we do n't know the story behind the child molester though . 
  a 15 y.o having sex with an 18 y.o ? 
  i lost 45/50 lbs so i guess i can post here . 
  nope . 
  i was hoping it 'd happen a tad more , but it 's really not . 
  guess i 'm just not interesting at all . 
  a bit , but not too much in my experience . 
  and the x-files, 
   anything of value, 
  this is where the ambiguity comes into it . 
  they 'd argue they 've provided a service , by finding ` potential ' loans , even if it is complete bullshit, 
  i used to work in a loan broker firm . 
  now that shit was dodgy . 
  same sort of principle . 
  make sure you 've read the t/c 's , get your bank details to do a ` security check ' , then make sure they 're provisionally accepted by a guarantor loan , then take money out your account . 
  this was a big firm , and got loads of investment whilst i was there , so clearly it is illegal , even though it 's incredibly immoral and a horrible , heartless company . 
  mine did n't have one , i 'd end up wearing sweat pants after a while because i could n't be arsed dressing properly, 
  iirc it was the weekend after this goal, 
  dhl just posted a ` sorry we missed you ' slip in mine . 
  i 've been home , and my car was on the front . 
  you 'd think a german company would be better than this, 
  it 's so lazy , they drive here , instead of ringing the door bell , which would take an extra five seconds , they just put the diving slip through , i do n't even have time now to go pick it up !, 
  hyypia is a massive legend . 
  still remember when he was getting old , he had to come in last second when arbeloa got injured warming up , and he was absolutely great , and we won 4-1 . 
  if anyone can find the video , he took down a ball from miles up in the air and killed it with one touch . 
  aurelio , riise , kuyt , will all probably be forgotten, 
  cheers !, 
  that is a touch messi would be proud of, 
  yup , i do n't philosophy in sixth form , and that 's what we got told to do , i can remember things loads better now, 
  this opening credits song works well, 
  american beauty ? 
  the matrix ? 
  i rewatched them all last year . 
  so cheesy . 
  so good . 
  always remember the episode about the camp , and it turns out they 're in space . 
  i liked kyrgiakos , done his job . 
  definitely not worse than those centre halves in that lineup, 
  very harsh on zenden, 
  compare him to someone like nunez or le tallec . 
  the malcolm in the middle episode from i think season 7 , where hal finds out someone was murdered in their house before they moved in , is great . 
  i watched it when it first came on the beeb , and i thought the first episode was decent , but i just got bored after the second one . 
  i 've seen all the episodes , but i think there 's plenty better shows on bbc than sherlock . 
  i 'm english , but i 'll just mention some from here , even though they 're not really international to me . 
  red dwarf is one of my all time favourites , my favourite comedy ever . 
  gogglebox is really good . 
  it 's basically a channel 4 show which documents people watching tv from the week , with their reactions , discussions etc , but it 's so funny , some great characters on it . 
  it was n't very scary , but i was pleasantly surprised by the movie , i quite enjoyed it . 
  so many jump scares, 
  that 's really interesting . 
  hausu is one of my favourite movies , never noticed any of the hiroshima elements to it , really , other than the 2 second vid . 
  i adored the soundtrack to this movie , especially the music when kung fu starts kicking arse . 
  got to admire you for being so confident ... 
  never had a comment been posted to / r/shitredditsays, 
  make it embarassing , and something no one would lie about . 
  like shitting yourself , or be bleeding from your belly button, 
  or maybe chicken tastes like everything else ? 
  i dunno man , when i first got on the motorway , it was simple . 
  rules do n't change , you 're just driving faster . 
  radio adverts making noises like car 's beeping , or sudden noises . 
  celebrating a failed plot of terrorism , by making things go boom . 
  there are courses , here in england at least , which is basically a driving lesson or two teaching you how to drive on the motorway , but it 's not compulsory . 
  [ not as good/bad as this ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/watch-german-newcastle-fans-alan-1300623 ), 
  well at least we 've found a reason for him to be in the team, 
  behave, 
  or johnson the one trick pony losing the ball due to his stupidity, 
  the lady gaga episode . 
  `` everytime you wake up in the middle of the night , it 's because someone 's watching you . 
  tell that to gullible people , it 's hilarious '', 
  harsh on markovic , barely played . 
  though when he has , not been amazing , but his form last year is evidence enough not to write him off , as he 's clearly very talented . 
  ilori has n't played for us , loaned out twice , looked decent when i 've seen him play . 
  borini , aspas , alberto were n't good thugh . 
  star trek tng, 
  that guy 's a dick . 
  though there has been incidents in the past where some african players do lie about their age , wanyama is surely not one of them . 
  i 've also never heard any ` theories ' about him before . 
  he looks his age . 
  well these threads always end up civil ... 
  do people still rate ashley williams ? 
  if so , him maybe . 
  costa looks like a 40 year old labourer, 
  we have too big a gap between defence and attack , that and movement up front . 
  someone 's going to have to die for a penalty to be gave in this match, 
  if valencia could cross he 'd be a heck of a player . 
  the ref gave him the advantage for it , too . 
  apparently he was fouled falling over ?
