  i 'd be loads more upset if jaimie died . 
  davos , sansa , myrcella , bran would upset me . 
  mainly because they 're all so innocent . 
  his actor died anyway , did n't he ? 
  if he 'd have stuck around he 'd have been killed off off-screen anyway , which would have been a worse death than saving tara and abel . 
  i know this a reference to green street ( iirc ) , but in real life he 'd probably support newcastle !, 
  disappointed iceland did n't make it . 
  glad uruguay are through ( nearly , anyway ) even if they nearly fucked it up, 
  sort of wanted france to win ( despite my english inclinations  ) just for mamadu, 
  delicious ?!, 
  it tastes like mouth wash !, 
  i stopped using it for a few reasons . 
  ) it 's just for americans , really , all the suggestions are american-only, 
  ) from my experience everything they suggest is ridiculously expensive clothing . 
  like $ 600 for a jacket type thing . 
  fair enough , but i read the silmarillion and it was the most difficult book i 've ever read . 
  he writes so unnecessarily difficult . 
  his universe he created was amazing . 
  grrm is n't an amazing writer , but to be honest i probably prefer his universe to tolkien 's . 
  but each to their own etc. 
  memento was n't * that good . 
  the big lebowski fucking sucks . 
  doctor who is shite now-a-days, 
  steak and bacon are n't that nice . 
  yeah i understand most of reddit is american and that 's understandable , it just meant i had less desire to stick about . 
  i do n't really agree with that . 
  # 500 pair of boots may well be great quality , but a pair of boots will only last so long . 
  sure they probably have longer life than cheaper ones , but my current boots ( # 30 ) are really good . 
  they 're lasting well . 
  i 'd need to buy that pair of boots about 15 odd times in order to equal the price of the more expensive boots . 
  that just wo n't happen . 
  do n't get me wrong , if you have the # 500 to spunk out on a nice pair of boots and not feel the affect of it , fair enough , more power to you . 
  but most people do n't . 
  and most people do n't want to , even if they can afford that , because frankly , it 's not worth it . 
  there 's loads of nice clothes out there you can get , and not all of them are ridiculously priced . 
  300,000 people seem to enjoy it though , so i guess i 'm wrong , mind, 
  does osha fall into this category ? 
  i imagine she was just a small plot device to teach bran about beyond the wall , and to take rickon away from the story . 
  but did n't he say the actress in the show was so good , he 's going to put her back into the books . 
  i 'd be surprised if they did n't . 
  do n't get me wrong , i think arya 'll end up dying , but i 'd be surprised if sansa does . 
  the thing is , even if we self destruct and finish about mid-table i still see us giving him more time on his contract . 
  we were on about consistency and stability , we have that now for the first time since rafa was in charge . 
  our players know who they 'll be playing under next season , and what 's expected of them . 
  even if we fuck up and finish 9th i still hope we give him more time on his deal . 
  out of curiosity , is it close ? 
  really ? 
  sansa 's were some of my favourites after agot . 
  definitely would n't have been skrtel . 
  this was just after we rejected interest/a bid from city , off the back of the best season of skrtel 's career . 
  i adored the character harris who was pals with the geeks . 
  he was so funny . 
  are n't they making a new season ? 
  do n't forget tormund , with his giant member hah !, 
  think it 's been announced belwas wo n't be in it already, 
  england/germany in 2001 , perhaps ? 
  got it on those pointless pissing internationals . 
  typical, 
  no one tells zaf iqbal what to do, 
  skrtel and agger were really good against fulham , but we still should have started sakho to try deal with lukaku . 
  he tortures us every time he plays, 
  johnson caused two of our goals conceded . 
  he was terrible today , kept giving it away when he did n't need to . 
  midfield looked quite static too often , weird when we have four centre mids playing and barry/mccarthy still seem to get to it before our players . 
  saying all that we played well , sat back too much at 2-1 , but we looked dangerous every time we went forward and mirallas is a dirty horrible cunt, 
  he 's tortured us every time he 's played . 
  this was probably our best defending against him today , which says something ... 
  i too follow liam_tomkins on twitter . 
  i think almost everyone 's supporting southampton today . 
  it 's not often you see someone the size of him , but with the speed he has also . 
  he 's a bit of a freak of nature to be honest . 
  when he hits about 26/7 he 'll probably be better than drogba ever was , mourinho 'll be in heaven when he goes back there, 
  i thought it done well with the music , but it could have done with a great track . 
  sort of like how sunshine used http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0ujk4euzb0, 
  whenever i think of that film , i think of this song, 
  we pay a license fee to get these shows made in the first place , it 's only right we get them bloody first . 
  dany will hopefully die . 
  preferably by the hands of aegon . 
  sansa will doss about with lf for a while , pretending not to be sansa still . 
  davos will go to skagos and find rickon and osha , and make his way back . 
  stannis will twat the boltons , and the north will rally to him . 
  blackfish will turn up at the eyrie . 
  arya 'll be sent to king 's landing to kill off that necromancer fella who 's name escapes me . 
  i have literally no idea what 'll happen with brienne/jaimie/sh though . 
  hope tyrion dies , but i sincerely doubt he will . 
  he 'll probably chill about with dany for a while then have to run off back to westeros or something because he does something fucking stupid . 
  i liked dany in the first book , and i liked tyrion in the second , but other than that ... nah, 
  why ? 
  arrested dev . 
  was on bbc2 about midnight too once upon a time, 
  has this ever been on tv here ? 
  ca n't say i 've ever seen it on, 
  i 'll agree with your list , but i 'm not so sure on the sopranos . 
  i know people who like it , do n't get me wrong , but it seems like the odd one out in that list . 
  films about vietnam war have the same type of soundtrack . 
  that war really did have the best soundtrack of any war . 
  beck done a lot of the soundtrack iirc, 
  apparently in dazed and confused about 2/3 of their budget was spent getting the licenses for the songs, 
  slightly off topic but is this film good ? 
  * and that 's how he dies *,
