  apart from the smell of pure shite . 
  yeah , still smells of shite, 
  it 's just carrying on from last season . 
  it was obvious our first bad or humiliating loss would bring the knives back out . 
  i still feel like he 's a dead man walking , and that he ca n't really succeed this year . 
  after last years horrific season , he 's in for long year, 
  this is easily my favourite . 
  it 's probably not too accurate but fuck it , it 's really good . 
  hunnam 's cockney accent though, 
  i like the guy , always did . 
  but he 's not really what we need . 
  similar to us with konoployanka, 
  that 's annoying . 
  difficult to think he 'll be given a chance here now , on his third loan . 
  really wanted him to stay , could easily push his way into our starting eleven based off the state of our defenders . 
  edit - apparently with an option to buy . 
  do n't worry , we have lovren !, 
  word on the street is they have an option to buy ... 
  or even just another mauling by an average side will possibly see him off . 
  in the u21 's euros and a few times for granada, 
  hi friends . 
  been playing on and off for a year or so , only recently started taking it kinda seriously . 
  this is the [ deck ] ( http://www.hearthpwn.com/decks/321810-shit-deck ) i 'm running, 
  any tips appreciated . 
   is this the third or fourth player this year who 's been abused by liverpool supporters on social media ? 
  probably . 
  balo/lovren/him / sterling . 
  but every club 's fans does it online . 
  yeah i was originally going for control warrior but it was too expensive for me so i stopped , and just kind of made some weird hybrid with most of my better cards . 
  do n't have ysera/alex/baron / sylvanas/justicar . 
  think i 'll just do what you mentioned and bring in loatheb and those since i do n't have so many for control warrior . 
  do you think i could edit the control warrior to be a bit cheaper with ragnaros/dr boom instead ? 
  cheers mate !, 
  gon na give it a whirl now, 
  people say this constantly about different teams when they start doing well . 
  and now as captain, 
  kermit definitely always goes down on miss piggy . 
  imagine the taste . 
  yeah , did he get a bad injury or something ? 
  to be fair to sears , he only got a chance when he was like 16 . 
  absolutely daft . 
  firstly how can the ni fa decide if he 's banned for league 2 ? 
  also , i suppose all of the best english players picking up ` knocks ' will now be banned ... 
  have you tried the enterprise in widnes ? 
  ( there may be one in runcorn , not sure ) . 
  according to their site you only need to be 21 to rent a car mate . 
  shame it 's wank, 
  i live 5 minutes outside of merseyside . 
  i go to uni in liverpool too . 
  ( i 'm from widnes ) , i 've used the underground plenty, 
  ca n't bloody wait until the new bridge is up . 
  not because i go to runcorn a lot or anything , but just so all the the bloody roadworks will stop . 
  it 's beyond a joke sometimes, 
  not just that , his last year or so he was going downhill already . 
  we 've got loads of transfer what-ifs that we wanted but did n't buy . 
  ronaldo . 
  falcao for 4 million , laudrup , simao , turan , aguero , silva , dani alves , david villa off the top of my head . 
  this happened to me last week . 
  in my defence , i was going to leeds festival up the moors in my little 1.2 car with three passengers and enough camping gear for a six month stay , so for a few miles i just stuck behind a lorry doing about 55 , because my car was struggling so much, 
  honestly you 're the first person i 've seen say korma . 
  there 's something so unsettling about korma 's , it 's like you 're eating a yoghurt ... 
  neutral milk hotel are great mate . 
  well , mainly that album , but still . 
  one of my top 3 favourites . 
  to be fair to him , i 'm still not convinced he 's a cunt , i just think he ca n't tackle for shit, 
  mate , can should n't play rb ever unless he massively improves there . 
  cb or cm , or bust really . 
  only got 1000 clients though, 
  shelvey hattrick , gon na put a quid on it . 
  it would be just like him, 
  do n't forget the red card too, 
  to be fair , in amateur matches , there 's normally shit loads of goals scored compared to pro matches, 
  so what you 're saying is , you 'll make a match thread ? 
  kuyt would always pop up with a goal in the big matches , especially his hattrick of tap-ins against united . 
  other than that , his play style of working ridiculously hard is so so useful in the bigger matches . 
  yeah , barbers here usually have a weird day off here , too . 
  heck , i 'd do it if i owned a barbershop too . 
  lallana is higher than hendo . 
  most odd . 
  i would if gold actually served a purpose other than some weird inactive subreddit, 
  hollyoaks is/has stopped though has n't it ? 
  thought it was 90 % affected from the irish , not the welsh/scots ? 
  what with the port and the load of irish trade . 
  my grandad had cancer , they hid it from us kids , quite rightly , i only found out last year that he 'd had it for like 10 years + or something before he died . 
  he still used to wrestle with us even when he was declining . 
  10 for us , but it seems like longer . 
  honestly i just want better match animation , rather than all this create a club stuff , gets boring watching the same stupid goal go in again and again, 
  just like internationals then, 
  do n't think op meant players playing there now , but who were born there . 
  what is your favourite soup ? 
   i lost the last 20 games so far, 
  you must be really bad . 
  i mean , i 'm bad . 
  but 20 losses in a row ? 
  what rank are you ? 
  when i used to play magic , i found that more unbalanced than hearthstone to be honest . 
  maybe i was just shite , and my friends good , though . 
  varian is really good card too . 
  it 's my last hope card most of the time to be honest , hoping for a belcher , but it 's such a good feeling when you 're about to lose , play varian and pull a ragnaros/warsong commander/frothing berserker and manage to win . 
  it 's alright mate i believe you .
