  since his comment we 've signed keita for next year anyway, 
  fair play to him , i like him , but he wo n't play much here . 
  he wo n't stay inside england though unless it 's a loan, 
  only got 48 people in all weekend in the cinema i work in england . 
  anabelle , emoji , despicable me 3 and dunkirk all sold more, 
  the lovely bones . 
  fuck me what a dull movie that was, 
  i 'm quite surprised we 've rejected it , really , we must think you 'll pay the full amount . 
  i think ability-wise he 's worth it though . 
  there was another one around then similar , scott something ? 
  not really the original itk , let 's be honest . 
  the most interesting thing about duncan jenkins is the jen chang fiasco around it . 
  lemar or him , apparently . 
  but apparently monaco have n't responded to our latest offer, 
  well origi is off to wolfsburg , sturridges fitness is all over the place , he 'll play plenty when injuries start happening, 
  this triggered his amazing 08/09 form that got him his move to madrid , to be fair, 
  `` obligation '', 
  i read it as like they 're still negotiating and that 's not a certainty of a clause , or maybe i 'm just an idiot, 
  good signings all in all , obviously the cb issue does n't need restating , but compared to last time we got in the cp and ballsed it up , this summer 's 100 % better . 
  i think something else worrh mentioning , all our rivals did n't have great signings . 
  chelsea and particularly arsenal have huge holes in their squads . 
  i also ca n't imagine him being a manager as long as ferguson was . 
  ferguson 's length of career is a bit of an outlier really . 
  time to appear in true detective !, 
  as someone already mentioned , give him one , suddenly everyone wants one , especially if they only begin negotiating towards the end of their contracts . 
  i 've never read the book , i only ever seen the 1990 version so part of my issues with this film may well be based off different expectations . 
  overall i liked it . 
  the acting was excellent , the fact it was child actors makes it only even more impressive . 
  the humour mostly hit and hit well when it did . 
  there did n't seem to be a lot of scepticism from the kids as to what/why it was happening , they all seemed a bit too on board with what was going down . 
  i think they did n't flesh out the characters as well as the 1990 one , but they did include more interesting scenes . 
  my main issue with the film , other than all the cunts in my screening , was the horror elements . 
  other than the last act of the film , the jump scares did n't do it for me , and the horror scenes in general seemed too ` generic horror movie-y ' . 
  there was also too little pennywise , and explanation into his character . 
  least it 's not jizzy tissues, 
  asda fresh pizzas are really nice , and the one near me has loads of variation, 
  [ get your speakers ready ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1rx43xpy90k ), 
  taa 's passing and set pieces are so good . 
  it 'll be something about how it 's only been ten minutes , hurry the throws up . 
  not taa 's fault , just no one to throw it to, 
  got ta love how one bad back pass and suddenly taa is crap , when he 's looked good when played . 
  made some good passes early on , but looking shaky now , taa . 
  needs some help . 
  henderson and wiji need to be doing more . 
  did you not notice none of his teammates moving for him ? 
  fucked it ref . 
  your pal gary neville thought it was harsh at first too, 
  depends on your film , cinema i used to work at was usually quite busy sunday mornings but only for kids/family/12a films, 
  i went to the midnight showing too , mine was pretty bad . 
  kind of a student town , but there were too many cunts in there . 
  i used to work at a cinema , so i know the etiquette and the usher sucked and did n't even bother checking the screen . 
  it 's amazing how people shut up when the ushers doing a screen check, 
  well yeah this was pretty common knowledge . 
  they agreed a fee before we did , then we matched and he joined us . 
  gomez is impressing me to be honest . 
  looks to have put his injury behind him quickly, 
  gomez , probably, 
  only in cl, 
  this is completely true and useful , my issue is that there are certain levels and points where it 's just not that important to have hacked packs . 
  all our midfielders too similar , none can tackle , none can shoot . 
  blimey are they good at five yard passes, 
  not always the defences fault . 
  blame our invisible midfield too, 
  did lingard actually support united as a kid ? 
  i know he 's from wire , but wire 's pretty split, 
  op you 're a bit too salty to make this thread apparently, 
  why would n't mignolet catch that, 
  danny ward needs to get on . 
  we got danny ward too . 
  being in england we do n't get it until friday , so is it worth the money ? 
  thanks one & all , guess i 'll be getting it then, 
  hey , brit here , i tried to sign the petition , but i could n't use my british postcode . 
  which postcode can i use instead ? 
  recently began watching mlp , at about 20 hours in three or four days , i just ca n't get enough . 
  just wanted to pop my manes in here and say nice to meet you all !, 
  sorry if this is too vague , but i 'm looking for essentially a whole new casual wardrobe , and everything i seem to find is usa-only . 
  i need new long sleeved t-shirts , coat , jacket , and i have no idea where to look . 
  much love . 
  genuinely always wanted dreads , but my hair 's so common , i just have no idea if i 'd be able to get them . 
  any specific requirements ? 
  amazingly high right now , got me thinking . 
  a viva pinata style game , with ponies instead . 
  thoughts ? 
  is that a lot of you people are saying enrique has been shit , or he 's not good enough or stuff like that . 
  looking off the threads made in the last few days . 
  this is frankly ridiculous , he 's been an excellent buy , and he 's an excellent player . 
  possibly the best left back in the league , but for me he is the best left back in england . 
  was just watching arrested development , and the george michael crush on his cousin made me think ; why is it so ` wrong ' ? 
  surely if two people love each other , it does n't make a difference if they 're cousins , or whatever . 
  i love peeling the skin off grapes , then eating . 
  topical discussion and not hey gais someone religious posted about his faith on facebook major lolssss, 
  and reasoning . 
  did n't quite know how to word it , but what city do you think has had a lot of contribution to music ? 
  my first thought was liverpool , england . 
  the beatles , elvis costello , echo & the bunnymen , frankie goes to hollywood , the coral off the top of my head . 
  everywhere i look , it 's american apparel , and honestly i just do n't like the look of them , as i 'm looking to make a whole new wardrobe , i also need relatively cheap t-shirts , just to bulk it out . 
  any suggestions on where i should be looking ? 
  / new to this thing . 
  upvote if you do !!!!!!, 
  i think a clockwork orange and starship troopers would not be nice places to live .
