  well the shops are vastly worse over here . 
  our shop is appalling , i 've not bought anything off it . 
  but it feels so good when you do get a pointless answer . 
  got one last week , words ending in ` ick ' , and i got drumstick . 
  but my best was getting five on actors who appeared on star wars . 
  exactly , so there 's no one there !, 
  not winning the euros , do n't you mean ? 
  some bloke on fox news in america said that birmingham is a muslim city and there 's no non-muslims, 
  then afterwards she watches songs of praise then corrie, 
  custard cream biccies, 
  # 70 for a ticket , then ? 
  the atmosphere is already toxic because of the ticket prices pricing out actual supporters . 
  it 's not a few pounds , it 's about an extra # 300 throughout the year, 
  i do n't watch it myself , it 's an odd show . 
  it 's been going as long as i can remember . 
  it 's an older generation thing to watch , definitely . 
  some other posters have mentioned their secular parents or friends or whatever watch it . 
  a juve/brighton fan , never thought i 'd see that, 
  he never turned it on for me , will grigg on the other hand ... 
  i agree our service has been poor , it 's not all his fault , but when he was in the side , it does n't give him the license to constantly take pot shots from 40 yards every few minutes . 
  `` more music variety ! '', 
  plays uptown funk , all about that bass , and that x-factor song back to back to back to back ... 
  depends , do you have a flag on your property ? 
  one bollock , then another scrotum with two bollocks off your one , first ball . 
  you , my friend , would lose balance a lot . 
  love this one . 
  ben kingsley is great in it . 
  tips for stamford bridge ;, 
  ) eat a cucumber sandwich, 
  ) do n't bring your own plastic flag , it 'll be provided for you !, 
  ) sing at least one of the two songs they have . 
  not seen it for a while , ca n't really remember . 
  what do you find wrong with the accents ? 
  means more like they 're going to buy another striker or two . 
  just earned about 35-38 million if this goes through, 
  i do n't mind those games , i just hate when people use skills every time they touch the ball . 
  my brother done that thing where you go to walk one side then the other , then the other person does it , too . 
  the only thing is , the other person was our dog, 
  so it 's 15 % on $ 400 ? 
  so if you spend $ 400 in $ 20 go 's , it 's $ 15 on $ 20 ? 
  he 's banned from my town . 
  did see him once , mind . 
  he 's absolutely huge . 
  looks about seven foot, 
  it just aired on channel 4 here in the uk . 
  loads of cheesy parts , but it 's not * that * bad as the other cyberbully one . 
  highlight has to be the predictable mad world by gary jules . 
  if you wanted an arsenal one , you 'd need more than 1 billion ... 
  he 'll join ` arry at qpr before then, 
  they beat us at anfield , we beat them at their lot , usually . 
  they 're going to sit deep and defend . 
  get a goal early on and watch their fans turn on them . 
  i love every episode with conky . 
  think johnson also has a degree in spanish , or something ? 
  rumour has it he 's also pretty poor in training . 
  you can criticise a fair chunk of our summer business , but not lallana . 
  guy 's been great . 
  it 's delicious . 
  struggle to describe it 's taste , very unique . 
  no one used to in my years at school , they never made us , either . 
  it was just a bit odd to do it . 
  and the showers were disgusting , and about five of them for about 100, 
  i done something like that . 
  won the league cup with brighton , got bored at the end of the season and quit , joined hearts . 
  now at spurs . 
  3 penalty appeals against them is nothing , all teams will have had loads which should have resulted in pens . 
  only one i can think of , too . 
  would like to see him get a bit more game time , perfect to rest lucas for him late on in games . 
  thanks google, 
  scotland . 
  maradona or messi will be the top answers here, 
  [ brazil ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujb5vtco2ke ), 
  i remember that , they said something like `` and now for the inbetweeners ... usa ... sorry about that '' . 
  e4 is basically just the big bang theory , how i met your mother , and rude tube ( just shows youtube videos ), 
  mad to think carroll is a record signing at two clubs . 
  exactly , he 's a man of principle, 
  town near me is worse than london , it 's a pretty well populated place , but my god the roads are horrific . 
  ca n't get out of second gear, 
  where i live , ( northern england ) , there 's only one way roads in old housing streets they do n't want to/can ' t knock down, 
  traffic circles sounds so weird , is that what you lot call them ? 
  scousers and irish folks understand each other really well , so many irish people here , you have to !, 
  that and i think 95 % of all scousers have an irish grandparent/great grandparent . 
  here we have roundabouts , and just call the small ones we have mini roundabouts, 
   the new jersey driver 's manual recommends that , in the absence of flow control signs , traffic yields based on `` historically established traffic flow patterns '' , [ 7 ] and there are no set rules, 
  so who has right of way ? 
  the way that seemed worded was that no one does , it 's just a fight to get on ? 
  so if you have traffic lights in the circle , would n't the traffic back up out of it ? 
  funnily enough , he was discussed on a / r/unitedkingdom thread earlier today , similar story about him . 
  did you browse before you made your account ? 
  you 've only been here four year, 
  split my head open as a toddler . 
  shit hurt . 
  urgh , life of pi . 
  so badly done and so unnecessary . 
  that 's what people do n't realise about ` free signings ' . 
  they generally arrive on higher wages because there 's a few teams after them , and get a huge signing on fee . 
  what was the density percentage ? 
  he was key from 09 to his bad injury about 2012, 
  thanks for letting me know, 
  gone baby gone is great,
