  sahin ? 
  i enjoyed both of them in the cinema , but i really ca n't rewatch them . 
  not rewarding enough to rewatch them , seen the first one on netflix ages ago and i was just bored . 
  i 'm 19 , my flair 's wrong , it 's being a dick and wo n't let me change it . 
  you 'll all be surprised how much life changes , and how much you change around 16 y.o. 
  leaving school can be great , it can allow you to get away from people holding you back , people who you only really talk to out of habit . 
  your pm is n't the be all end all of your country , there 's many many politicians who contribute an awful lot to it all . 
  read first line , thought it was someone from hong kong . 
  i really really hope it does n't happen like that , op . 
  that 's too ` fairy taley ' for asoiaf . 
  i think they have something more behind them , which we 'll find out soon enough . 
  i 'm in england , using american netflix . 
  i am not in antarctica , i 'm pretty sure . 
  supernatural would n't be without the x-files . 
  plenty of episodes are essentially the same plot . 
  demons have black eyes etc , it 's about two detectives hunting paranormal people . 
  okay this looks so much better . 
  been playing since 05 . 
  this looks like the biggest improvement in a game so far . 
  match engine was definitely my biggest problem, 
  re ; rural areas . 
  it 's the same everywhere , if you grow up in the country , where you only know a handful of people , you 're more surprised when you see someone speaking a different language . 
  i 'm from a decently big sized town in england , few minutes from a very large city , where plenty of people will speak their own language which is no problem at all . 
  i think where i 'm from , if someone tries to demand sheria law they would be shot down incredibly quickly and strongly , simply because all muslims here are very integrated into our society . 
  i 'm a uni student , and i find asian ( normally chinese ) students to be much more likely to speak their own language , and be a bit of a dickhead . 
  also there 's a bit of reason as to why gypsies are treated poorly . 
  i like to think of myself as a liberal , open minded person , but all gypsies i 've had experiences with were absolute dickhead scumbags . 
  obviously not the same for all of them , but in my opinion there 's more reason to dislike gypsies than muslims, 
  what ? 
  sure , plenty of places in europe are a bit racist and scummy . 
  lot of eastern european countries are particularly bad for it , but saying we 're not used to different cultures is absolutely stupid . 
  just today , i was stopped on the street by a russian buddhist who wanted to talk to me about his religion , and he was absolutely lovely . 
  america has one dominant religion , in europe it 's much more split . 
  europe is not one race . 
  go to russia , then england , then turkey , then greece , you 'll see it 's not one lumped up culture . 
  small one , but one that sticks to me . 
  at dinner , one day me and some friends were messing about , i threw a bit of banana , as a challenge , to try get it out the window which was ever so slightly open infront of me . 
  i did , it landed on the outside of the window , and it stayed there for over a year . 
  seeing it every day , slowly deteriorating until it was just a small-ish black dot was amazing . 
  [ surface of the sun by john murphy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=em7mzt48j4k ), 
  [ green onions ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bps-cobk6q&amp;index=294&amp;list=flgas1dqa9ehuoksxqn6lfhg ), 
  [ to build a home ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjjc59fgupg&amp;index=182&amp;list=flgas1dqa9ehuoksxqn6lfhg ), 
  [ nuvole bianchi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0sof0orkpi&amp;index=356&amp;list=flgas1dqa9ehuoksxqn6lfhg ), 
  [ midnight city ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dx3k_qdnzhe&amp;index=399&amp;list=flgas1dqa9ehuoksxqn6lfhg ), 
  here in the uk we have shows about gypsies , they do n't show them in a particularly good light . 
  but basically , stereotypically , gypsies are raised on the road , with a superiority complex , do n't pay taxes , and steal , then move on . 
  one of my friends had his broadband line cut by one , and they put it to their caravan , when confronting them , they beat the absolute shite out of him . 
  cheating to use kaneda 's death ... 
  if you wan na manage a small team , basically all you need is one or two quick players and a decent team , then play to their strengths . 
  i can easily get teams promoted , got fleetwood/coventry ( 10 point deficit ) promoted as champions with very little effort , as soon as i get them into the top division i just get bored . 
  love playing as gladbach . 
  raffael and kruse is ooft . 
  some fat cunt with a kid next to her , cut me off , and i nearly went right through her car . 
  got next to her later on , and my instructor absolutely went off on her . 
  it was great . 
  look forward to it every year , the bizarre acts , the hot people , commentary , all of it . 
  it 's great . 
  when i was a student there , i could hear it when they scored from my flat . 
  tl ; dr man is depressed , quits job , not arsed about anything anymore , shot by neighbour, 
  i think you need to , to fully understand it, 
  bit marmite-y , like napoleon dynamite . 
  i fucking loved it . 
  your flair says you 're 14 , you 'll probably be able to go for a drink or four whilst you 're there . 
  be friendly , chat to locals . 
  does n't necessarily need to be able to get served though , much easier to get booze off folks . 
  i 've been served since i was 16 in my local , may have been able to beforehand , but i never tried . 
  almost always the medical is done after personal terms , but valdes is a bit different since he 's a free agent . 
  i think by medical , it 's a case of come to melwood , train with us , let 's see how you get on , then we 'll finalise it, 
  ask questions . 
  ask about the role , what it entails , research the company , and make sure you mention that you researched it . 
  do n't say ` erm ' , act confident , generally interviews are made or broke in a minute , so act confident , and have a strong handshake . 
  dress for the occasion , look formal , but if it 's not a huge role , do n't over-dress . 
  we used to always leave our back door open when our dog was alive , but it depends where you live , not many wild animals around here . 
  here in england debit cards are the standard for online purchases . 
  infact , i do n't want a credit card , so if i could n't use my debit card i 'd be fucked . 
  will get a call sometimes from my bank when my buying patterns change dramatically , which i do n't mind , better to be safe . 
  my old work , had a girl 's bathroom , which was well looked after , always nice handwash , mirror , clock etc. 
  the boys ' , had no handwash , mirror etc , it even had a freaking ladder and misc stuff in it . 
  i liked avatar . 
  it 's not amazing , but i thoroughly enjoyed it, 
  they 're getting really big now . 
  walking through a city centre , i can easily see 5/6 people vaping, 
  replacement for origi ? 
  win every qualifier , lose every tournament match . 
  * the england way *, 
  especially since he 's now on penalty duty, 
  just try everything , really . 
  rum , beer , cider , white/red/rose wine , scotch etc. 
  there 's a drink for everyone , just take a bit of time to find it . 
  i 'm a rum drinker , captain morgans , and i 'm good to go . 
  `` okay boss , i hope you keep your word . '', 
  i like the idea of just alternating the national team 's venue . 
  i 'm never going to come down from cheshire to wembley for an international match, 
  got me driving test !, 
  on international breaks i just watch about five movies over the weekend . 
  just not the same . 
  my old boss was a coffee connoisseur , he spend thousands and thousands of pounds on the finest coffee machines , and beans . 
  the one thing i miss working there . 
  on ultimate team i played someone with a full bronze football league side , whilst i had bale , benat , mascherano , coke , sergi roberto , bacca , raffael et al. 
  he was fantastic , and i nearly lost .
