  west ham take no prisoners, 
  to be fair , even if he was playing well , no teams stand a chance against west ham outside east london, 
  they 'll give up in the qualifiers again, 
  the government here in the uk changed the definition of poverty so they could meet their poverty numbers ... 
  yorkies done this too . 
  though , if i was a woman i 'd still be forced to buy them . 
  yorkies are amazing . 
  reckon it 's sunderland, 
  for this season ? 
  gomez : 6 ( played decently well for his age, 
  skrtel 5 ( poor . 
  too flappable ), 
  lovren 5 ( everyone knows what 's up with him ), 
  clyne 7 ( playing well . 
  crossing poor though ), 
  milner 6 ( not done enough yet . ), 
  can 6 ( splits opinion ), 
  lucas 5 ( poor start . 
  lost mobility ), 
  ings 5/6 ( not played enough yet , played out of position when he has ), 
  firminho ( out of position . 
  ca n't rank him either , not played in his position yet ), 
  benteke 7 ( frustrating watching a striker not really press , but no one else is helping him press the backline either though , but given no support he 's still played well ), 
  some numbers he sounded scottish , and others welsh . 
  very odd . 
  the official match day guides do n't have any idea on the team when they 're printed you know . 
  heh , best goal i 've ever seen in person probably, 
  i 've been following favre for a while , his teams do n't always play great football , but goddamn they get the job done . 
  watch the gladbach/bayern match last year , gladbach had barely any possession and won comfortably . 
  if i had n't just worked all day i 'd find the stats . 
  though i 'd say his transfer success is n't hugely down to him . 
  rodgers made some good signings for swansea , but most managers when they move to a club like us get pressured into spending more money on bigger targets . 
  shame , a lot of the time . 
  hahn iirc had a buyout clause of 2 million after being great . 
  gladbach picked him up . 
  would he do that here ? 
  not sure . 
  got one against chelsea in the 4-4 did n't he ? 
  too lazy to check . 
  it is the best to be honest . 
  man , i was just too old once they became popular here . 
  i really wanted some . 
  he 's only 30 . 
  another four years i 'd say . 
  he 's not , to be honest . 
  i also do n't know where he 'd even fit into their side whenever he would play . 
  out wide ? 
  wasted . 
  midfield ? 
  not strong enough . 
  do n't really play with a # 10/messi drops in there, 
  really ? 
  plenty where i live . 
  that 's where the best meat is . 
  got any other sources or ? 
  or pound bakery, 
  tl ; dr anfield is great , liverpool are great . 
  would n't even be surprised mate . 
  fans are gon na get on our players back very quickly when we inevitable play badly . 
  people who do n't follow liverpool scores regularly wo n't realise how remarkable it is that we 've only conceded 1 goal, 
  i 'm just laughing about it all now . 
  just like at the end of the hodgson era . 
  i do n't even care anymore , i expect nothing and i 'm still disappointed . 
  this is the only stream which seems to be semi-working, 
  fucking frimpong would improve our side, 
  forget bogdan , any game lovren plays i 'm almost impressed if we do n't concede more than two !, 
  is rodgers clearly better ? 
  he 's done better than hodgson did here , but hodgson at least has some experience to fall back on . 
  we have barely done that at all under him . 
  even in our good suarez season we pressed high , but our possession stats were n't high enough . 
  now we do n't press enough , or keep possession . 
  he 's been unable to implement an actual philosophy, 
  barely . 
  4-2-3-1 until you lose four in a row . 
  then panics and goes 5-3-2 . 
  subs-wise ? 
  do n't think he 's ever made a sub that changed a match, 
  nah , skrtel 's a part of the problem . 
  he 's just better than lovren , but he 's just not that great . 
  [ post rumours ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/f/fb/fmacrumours.png ), 
  gestede and grealish start and we 'll struggle massively . 
  we wo n't be able to deal with either . 
  apparently someone tried to buy my sister when she went there, 
  is that out ? 
  think i got into the beta by buying wolfenstein, 
  how much does a camel cost ? 
  he 's honestly done off the field bad, 
  i mention gestede because our defence ca n't handle big strikers, 
  hats . 
  people do n't wear formal hats as much as they used to, 
  edit - my phones autocorrect is fucked , meant to say he 's done nothing bad off the pitch, 
  hate how bbc merseyside stopped live matches , no commentary anywhere, 
  makes sure the emergency evacuation works, 
  since last week ? 
  smokes here are expensive , but everyone i know smokes rollies even if they 're well off . 
  because for some reason they ca n't make half-decent cars, 
  mate , i 'm 20 and i can even remember then being 10p . 
  not that surprised there was no conclusive results . 
  what bugs me is how much publicity and money has been spent whereas loads of other kids have gone missing and no one gives a fuck . 
  sakho should have still dealt with the ball at the near post .
