  we have three massive supermarkets without 10 minutes too . 
  the stupiud thing is , i live in a pretty small town . 
  we were scouting allen last year , rodgers coming in means we 'll probably go in for him . 
  hopefully sigurdsson 's main motivation was rodgers , and we can try for him . 
  he 's just what we need . 
  sigurdsson is n't a swansea player yet , 
  i will be seeing the nazi 's propaganda tool on friday !, 
  oh the joy !, 
  favourite sandwich ? 
  was it weird playing with an imaginary dog on scooby-doo ? 
  is there not ? 
  you just need to look to find them . 
  radiohead , sigur ros , will not be forgotten for a long time . 
  spend so much time on the computer . 
  met someone on a forum i used , turned out he went to college where i was planning on going the next year . 
  i did end up going the college , we did n't speak for the first few days , because i was unsure who i thought he was - he was . 
  we had each other 's facebooks , but there 's a lot of gingers out there . 
  we set a spot to meet , we met and we 're friends to this day . 
  been planning a fair few meet-ups , but that 's the only one that ever actually happened . 
  my exact experience too . 
  only , he was n't a moderator , but i was  :d, 
  carragher would never play for liver-oh , wait . 
  sure sigurdsson would join liverpool , no offence to swansea but he would choose liverpool over swansea . 
  of course he would !, 
  adam is a manc , i think you overestimate players loyalty, 
  there 's hope yet it seems . 
  this way they get comp, 
  urm , you sure about that ? 
  [ do you remember dyer and bowyer \\ ( teammates \\ ) being sent off for fighting each other ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afletm46cqq ), 
  good for henderson to get the experience . 
  honestly was n't as bad last year as people made him out to be , definitely not deserving of being in the england squad - but when offered , accept !, 
  agreed . 
  do hope he plays well , could really work for him and improve him for next season . 
  with a new manager to impress , he 'll need to work out of his skin . 
  no doubt kenny loved hendo , but b-rod could have different thoughts on him . 
  as a man , he 's as nice as they get . 
  i agree his goalscoring and assists were lower than expected , and should be improved . 
  but that 's now where i see his quality , it 's more in his energy and drive . 
  if we won the ball back in our box , he 'd be the first one breaking out with the ball , he 'd carry it , then drop it off to our full backs who 'd go on and cross ( unsuccessfully ) . 
  he 's one of them players that , in stats , looks shit , you can only appreciate him by watching him really . 
  but that 's just in my biased opinion, 
  they 're english . 
  they 're used to losing tournaments . 
  liverpool are just hated on this subreddit , we 're used to it :p, 
  family guy in england . 
  probably beyond popular at the time in america , but in england i did n't know anyone who watched it . 
  then , it blew up , everyone loves it and it 's quite shit and repetitive now . 
  agree with this . 
  plus i think even those anti-monarchist still have to admit the current queen is a classy , lovely lady . 
  my uncle 's wife is the niece of the lord of the indian ocean or something . 
  i 'm not :(, 
  i wanted to know this inn your ima , but you did n't respond . 
  curious , was it weird playing with an imaginary dog on scooby-doo ? 
  my post is n't related to this one , but i want to latch onto the top comment so people will see my reply . 
  top rated comment in an askreddit front pager once . 
  nothing much since . 
  what a first world problem . 
  sit on my other dog . 
  he 's a puppy , about 9 months , and our other dog is about 12 now . 
  when the old one is lying , sitting , scratching , whatever - the pup will go over and sit on her , often with his dick resting on her head . 
  rayman origins for platforming , binary domain for third person shooter , alan wake for a ` horror ' action game , viva pinata for shits , lotr war in the north for an rpg , shadows of the damned for a kick ass experience . 
  all should be quite cheap now . 
  are you offering to pay ? 
  so has mikel started to live up to his potential now ? 
  just curious , because a few putting him into their teams . 
  i know essien has looked well off form recently , and mikel is the most defence minded player in there , but is he now trusted to be main defensive player in the middle ? 
  different players though . 
  better comparison would be adam . 
  and yes he 's much better than adam !, 
  i have you on [ -11 ] , all you do is troll . 
  your life is really full , huh ? 
  :( truly unique player , one of my all time favourites . 
  shame he was hardly used the season just gone . 
  he 's actually a very good player whenever he 's played . 
  sure , probably not the player called up that people were expecting , but i have no doubt he 'll do well if called upon . 
  i ordered lollipop chainsaw from shopto and i get a free copy of the hills run red . 
  never seen this done before, 
  how dare there be optimists , people with different opinions , and just plain idiots out there !, 
  how * dare * they . 
  i always pronounced it ` derk koyt ', 
  the shawshank redemption, 
  i went to see it on sunday , i just want to thank you for your work on it . 
  i really loved it , was not disappointing as i half expected it to be . 
  the american audience will love it when it gets released on friday over there !, 
  was fassbender as cool on-set as he was in-film ? 
  south park , obviously . 
   david moyes is probably one of the best managers in the world . 
  his trophy record is fantastic , too . 
   if you 're a wool though fuck off . 
  i 'm a wool , but i 'll stay thanks . 
  put me on back-up , since there 's such a large response . 
  i 'd have to buy the game , but i will . 
  your green mod colour 's gone : o, 
  someone from warrington , widnes , st.helens etc , the towns around liverpool . 
  thanks for posting this , i would have never been able to find this by myself on 4chan . 
  northern ireland wanted to be part of the uk , roi did not therefore they split up . 
  if that 's what you 're talking about . 
  he 'll do very well there mate , honestly did n't think anyone would have the balls to give him such a job - but it 's the job he was made for . 
  as someone who met him , and lives close to him - he is infact a dick .
