  let 's not get back in that argument mate . 
  my sister 's so is related to hitler . 
  his relation even has a wiki page . 
  what do you use as id ? 
  your car insurance must be way different from how it is here in england . 
  i paid for my car , and insurance , in total it cost me # 700 for my car , # 1850 for a year 's car insurance . 
  on my 16th i got told i was an accident, 
  first years insurance is extortion , my dad pays # 200 p.a, 
  here in the uk you have to use a drivers licence , provisional license or a passport . 
  saying all that , no one id ` se anyway, 
  re ; debit cards , i barely ever carry cash , would only ever be when i had to get the bus . 
  love how vastly any shops have minimum prices on it now , too . 
  got chewing gum on my card before, 
  note : do not watch the trailer , it ruins a huge plot point . 
  i did n't like this movie for a lot of the reasons , the trailer being one . 
  have you been on a train for the last twenty years constantly ? 
  go to / r/conspiracy , they sympathise with hitler an awful lot, 
  is this a classic ? 
  i bloody hope not . 
  where are you planning on driving to ? 
  he 's been pretty awful for about two years now . 
  iirc this would be about 60k p/w . 
  he 's not worth that anymore either . 
  i 'd trust wisdom to play more than him . 
  yeah , this is a bit frustrating for me too . 
  there must be a reason he 's playing him , and his current performances are not that reason . 
  must have pictures of rodgers in the nip, 
  he needs to sign a striker that actually fits the system . 
  we ca n't replace suarez , but we need to get someone who wo n't just stand about . 
  they cancelled their uk tour to focus on their new album , yet they 're still touring other places . 
  cheesed me off . 
  i tried it and it was disgusting . 
  do n't know anybody who likes it, 
  took me a minute to find out who was attacking me , turned out to be a bird . 
  i only found out because some friendlies stopped , and shot it down for me . 
  really popular here in england . 
  it was on tele the other week, 
  i think he 'd be an improvement , but it 's not ideal to rush him in . 
  it 's not just his goal scoring , we just need someone who wants to run about a bit more , and open up space . 
  kind of hope sterling is left out , he 's playing so much football recently . 
   note : this is a programming language written by and for feminists , not women . 
  learn the difference !, 
  tumblr are creaming themselves, 
  i threw bait into an enemy zone , the elephant done all the work for me . 
  i just sat back and admired him ... until i got too close and it killed me . 
  he came into his own as soon as he grew it out . 
  no coincidence . 
  that 's when his best football with us was, 
  hope not , i really like him . 
  ban me too please ? 
  he 's just being a dickhead, 
  wilson . 
  keane did n't play as much , he was second fiddle to torres . 
  depends on if he sold multipacks , in which case would n't that be a bit illegal too ? 
  alonso 's form was pretty poor in 07/08 . 
  i was n't for selling him , but barry 's stock was on the up , and he had a much better season than xabi . 
  his best form easily came after that season , one of the best most consistent performances throughout a season i 've seen, 
  i normally let people like you go . 
  way i figure it , if someone does n't let them cross , they 'll wait a bit longer , go ` fuck it ' and try to cross when it 's not safe, 
  how so ? 
  i 'm english , would have never thought texas was n't in the south, 
  do n't they have 8.2 billion locked away though ? 
  leno . 
  blackburn is a great away stadium . 
  if you ever get the chance , i 'd go there . 
  and about 90 % of them are from jumping with his elbows, 
  how did only one player get sent off ? 
  5-3 united . 
  watch this space, 
   not a super buggy launch, 
  yeah , probably the smoothest launch i can remember for a game of its kind in a long long time . 
  yeah , i always preferred the motw episodes too , but the mythology is good too . 
  quality does slip around season 9 though , but once you get to that point you have to continue and see it out . 
  it 's really not even that often the royal family are even on the news . 
  i 'm from england . 
  robbie williams . 
  self entitled , self delusional little shithead . 
  cop ? 
  it 's great . 
  broke my elbow once , free ride in an ambulance . 
  it was called to be ` on the safe side ' , spent a few hours having scans and meeting with doctors etc , got the all clear and medication and went home . 
  no charge . 
  i got some from ikea yesterday . 
  it 's delicious . 
  it 's like dandelion and burdock and root beer mixed together . 
  hope for lambert and borini , or push coutinho really high up with lambert . 
  you 've got to be pleased for lambert right now . 
  julian speroni looks like wil wheaton, 
  because they 're both brazilians ? 
  manquillo is the only defender who is actually competent . 
  the immense talent of dejan lovren , and fabio borini ? 
  we 're doing a united ' 13/14, 
  reina was worse before he left . 
  mignolet 's shite too , but reina was crap for about three years . 
  pfft , only able to score three against us ? 
  nor have the players who 've been here since before last season . 
  i 'm not defending his signings so far , we have more problems than we can imagine . 
  remember what happened when rafa was sacked ? 
  we spent three , four years in the wilderness doing atrocious . 
  similar situations , not teams .
