  he 's done it twice before , too . 
  hits a ball so sweetly . 
  obviously he 's destined to be a false nine, 
  [ would you like to know more ? 
  i think all the goals i 've scored from these have been own goals . 
  shadows of the damned . 
   my best friend ** at the time **, 
  wise choice, 
  to be fair though , i love brad jones . 
  i think every liverpool fan does . 
  boy i hope we get him . 
  good man . 
  getting rid of toxic friends can have such a good affect on your life . 
  hah , i 'm the opposite . 
  i would n't know if someone was interested even if they straight up told me . 
  i 'd just think they 're taking the piss . 
  the hair and clothes on x-files alone makes it one of the most 90 's show ever . 
  he was such a fun player to watch . 
  him and jimmy bullard in the same team would have been great . 
  i think they want to put on former players , so people can recognise them . 
  it 'd be better if they had non-former players , who know how to analyse games well . 
  i once got about five in a question of star wars actors . 
  it was just name an actor in star wars . 
  there was a frightening amount of famous people who were pointless . 
  peter serafinowicz , brian blessed , jake lloyd , keira knightly and someone else . 
  `` please switch to paperless statements ! '', 
  * switches . 
  * send me a massive letter confirming i 've turned off paper statements *, 
   it 's expensive, 
  i remember seeing a standup of sean lock , said something like `` people say smoking 's expensive , but that 's not true , because i 'm going to live shorter '', 
  op , you really made that sound complicated . 
  here we just say ` odds are joe bloggs is going to lick the floor , 3 , 2,1 ' then you both say a number , if the number 's the same , then the person has to do that . 
  yeah , this happens everywhere , it 's just small talk . 
  you 'll really regret it you do n't go , even if you do n't feel like going right now . 
  just go , have a laugh . 
  i 've never seen anyone hackysack in my life , is that just kicking a ball up and down ? 
  here everyone just played football ( soccer for some of you 's ), 
  they 've moved on now to sjw articles now . 
  sorry , but ` shaun of the dead . ', 
  [ always found it cool that michael myer 's mask in halloween is a william shatner mask ] ( http://imgur.com/a/e5ahp ), 
  i used to know an irish girl , she used to always say the clubs near her would close about 1-ish . 
  was that true ? 
  johnson looked good when he came on today . 
  i 'd play him against qpr and see how he gets on . 
  my problem with johnson is that time and time again he 'll go forward , dummy it , cut inside and over run the ball on the edge of the box . 
  i think manquillo knows his flaws better , and tries to do just what he 's good at . 
  you 're over thinking it way too much . 
  chill out , just talk to her when you get the chance . 
  tell him to remember what he was like as a kid . 
  my dad phoned them up , and said if we can get the larger recycle bin , because we fill it up a lot . 
  they gave us a new one , and we kept the old one too for free . 
  dreaming of you by the coral , too !, 
  i did n't really wan na go my prom , but i 'm so glad i did . 
  nice memory to have . 
  mine just turned into a rave , such a good night . 
  same thing would be said of him for about four years . 
  `` he works had , but he should be replaced by someone more technical '' . 
  then he 'd score against everton or united and everyone would stop saying it for a week or two . 
  before him it was luis garcia . 
  can we play cliche bingo with michael owen 's commentary ? 
  should have been red . 
  saying that , cahill 's challenge could well have been . 
  want to see another angle of that . 
  i 'll have to rewatch it then . 
  synical challenge on him there though . 
  agree with your sentiment , mind . 
  most teams are , yeah . 
  but arsenal are n't really a physical side , they do n't have much height apart from per , and not particularly strong players . 
  a lot of their players can be wound up , too ( wilshere ) . 
  as the old cliche goes , arsenal always try to play it about , and wo n't change how they play . 
  he 's not a winger, 
  everton played spurs today ? 
  how many players to be sent off , then ? 
  to be fair , he got both decisions right ... eventually ... 
  there 'll be 3 minutes of added time , in added time , the way this game 's going ... 
  can we get a count of how many free kicks there 's been in the last 10 minutes ? 
  nainggolan or chiellini i 'd say . 
  how silent did the mic go then when he scored, 
  5 yellows in about six minutes , apparently . 
  hahah holy fuck, 
  x-files , twin peaks , bojack horseman , supernatural , are some off the top of my head . 
  can we get a pic of them leaning ? 
  i 've got one of them on [ -4 ] . 
  `` i sentence you to death by wall '', 
  `` shit , someone build a wall ! '', 
  where i live henry eighth literally changed the definition of marriage so he could get a divorce ... 
  depends on how confident he is in his ability, 
  it 's happening !, 
  [ david lynch on it, 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/david_lynch/status/518060411690569730 ), 
  ( waiting for twitter bot , 1 , 2 , 3 ... ), 
  so fucking happy . 
  this subreddit is going to explode soon, 
  time for a damn good cup of coffee !, 
  love how leland has not changed in the slightest, 
  what we used to do is regardless just say ` no , they 're on another call at the moment ' . 
  no one wants to get attached to people , much more emotional when they complain, 
  i just used to have a table in secondary school . 
  same place every day, 
  hey if you love ( d ) it , it was the right idea !,
