  type thing . 
  so he 's breaking from his consumerism , and being told how to live , and becomes how he * wants * to live , type thing . 
  ( sorry for the bump :p ), 
  still sort of fits into it , he was out of the cave as a kid , but the growth to an adult put him back into the cave . 
  trainspotting could count too, 
  pink floyd , the beatles , etc too !, 
  could be your local mp is a good person . 
  even if the tories are bellends , your local mp may not . 
  this was on russell howard 's good news , if anyone cares . 
  he 's a great pro , one of the ones you can guarantee will never get into any trouble . 
  if all players were like him , footballers would n't have the shite representation they have . 
  i seen the start of it , and jayden smith seemed really awkward next to his dad . 
  honourable mention to ` session 9 ' . 
  it really creeped me out when i first seen it . 
  every thread like this is . 
  some of the fascism spouted by the ` liberal ' , ` forward thinking ' reddit is depressing . 
  my government , and about half of the country who are currently going insane over an act of two people chopping some dude 's head off . 
  he seems so lazy , he just reuses his material constantly . 
  tiptoe , through the tulips ... 
  he 's had a poor year when he 's played . 
  looked really shaky . 
  probably for the best for him that he moves on , he could still go on to be great , but it wo n't be at liverpool, 
  for example , an ` o ' can be filled in , on ms paint for example . 
  hull fc has nothing like that . 
  would it not now be jack butland when he was on loan at cheltenham ? 
  it 's not exactly challenging , so i would always do homework like this . 
  johnny cash 's hurt cover usually dominates these threads . 
  seriously , though guys ? 
  who is this guy ? 
  it 's a legit link , there 's an article in the echo about it, 
  same . 
  seen it because it was done by the insidious guys , and i loved that film , but sinister just seemed anti climatic to me . 
   safer than cars when used without the intention to cause harm . 
  how do you use a gun * without the intention to cause harm ? 
  `` i 'm living on sexy elephants '' , instead of `` i 'm living on such sweet nothing '' , but florence and the machine . 
  house of leaves , just because it took fucking ages to finish . 
  hunting causes harm . 
  by causing harm to animals . 
  no , i 'm not a vegan , or vegetarian , i 'm happily a meat eater , but are you telling me shooting animals does n't cause harm ? 
  pretty nothing story , every player in the world would at least * listen * . 
  it does ? 
  i 'd understand it if he did want to go . 
  if he did , our transfer committee is looking like it 's capable recently , so hopefully we 'd be able to reinvest well . 
  with aspas , borini and sturridge , i 'd say we 'd just need a ` marquee ' striker , and we 'd be set . 
  god knows who , bony , possibly , or jackson martinez . 
  players come and go , the club stays . 
  we 've lost better before than him . 
  england are shit , but they 'd still twat america . 
  3 years ago , dog . 
  seriously though , player-by-player , england are superior in every position . 
  i mean , i do n't care about the national team , and barely watched the england/roi match , i just care about my club side . 
  liverpool, 
  haha , general studies . 
  chances are the uni you wan na go wo n't accept it , so feel free to nob about in the exam . 
  it was good fun . 
  there was a thread posted on rawk about it , but it got closed because the mods are a bit crazy . 
  but the article op posted is from a uruguayan bloke who usually knows this kind of stuff , so the article seems legit . 
  agreed . 
  i used to love watching his bbc one , but the itv one just is n't the same . 
  he 's a nob , but gosh dang , friday night with jonathon ross was the only show of its kind i liked, 
  we had about 4 lessons on it , but they were all just the same thing . 
  my college done it weird , where a2 would sit both exams in the year , and as would do none , but then they realised by a2 no one gave a toss so now they 're doing them at as :p, 
  shops here in the uk must be way different , i 'll get asked if i need help , i 'll say ` no tar ' , then if i want something i 'll take it the till , pay , they 'll ask me if i want to pre-order , i 'll nope and leave . 
  never get friendly chit chat with the staff :(, 
  desperado 's beer . 
  or rum & coke . 
  it 's not a place particularly talked about , from an englishman 's point of view , you 're seen a bit negatively . 
  a bit out of touch , bit barbaric , and racist et al. 
  with immigration being a hot point currently , a lot of eastern europeans are thought of more negatively immigrating to the uk . 
  went enter shikari last year . 
  was fucking mental . 
  planning on going seeing modest mouse in july but tickets sold out before i could get a hold of one, 
  that smiley makes everything seems so innocent . 
  pirates of the caribbean is my favourite one . 
  american beauty . 
  it 's not a belief that freedom is a bad thing , but rather that the constant talk about their ` freedom ' , and whatnot . 
  i do n't see patriotism as a bad trait either , but it can be a potentially dangerous trait . 
  i dunno , i think as a brit , i 'm just used to being a bit reserved , and not having to express my enjoyment of ` freedom ' or patriotism et al. 
  it always amazed me how tremors is called a horror film . 
  it 's called that on netflix , amazon , imdb et al. 
  i dunno , our media in the uk typically sucks america 's nob . 
  all you 'd hear when the us election was going on was just that , there is the feeling amongst our press that we 're distant cousins , so your problems are our problems too . 
  out of curiousity , is it true that you lot do the pledge of allegiance before school ? 
  they 'd need 42 for a vote of no confidence to be called, 
  i had it for my 360 , it is awful , truly horrendous . 
  and it 's a huge shame , it looked decent in production , was built up really well , but it 's just a cod clone . 
  everyone gets it to different to degrees , but i do n't see how you can call it bullshit . 
  i know someone who has it so bad they literally start shaking and fall to the floor sometimes . 
  i do n't give a shit about relationship threads on / r/teenagers . 
  why ? 
  because it 's just like teens to want to talk about that type of stuff , so moaning about the threads you see is n't helping anyone , it 's just something you should expect to see when you go onto / r/teenagers, 
  furthermore , i generally do n't really like this subreddit , i find most people quite pretentious , and take things far too seriously . 
  that 's fair enough , but personally , over here it 's seen really oddly , almost as a form of indoctrination, 
  i know you did n't ask me , but i just finished reading it yesterday so i thought i 'd give my view . 
  if you 're a big fan of tolkien , then yes . 
  as said , it 's very dry , and not really a story , just a history of the world , with loads of names , places and details you 'll probably forget . 
  it starts incredibly difficult , infact about a story of creation actually , but it gets easier after a while , and just moves onto tales and legends about people in the world . 
  would not see suarez joining you 's . 
  he 'd cost at least 45/50 million , and he would prefer to go somewhere he 'll win trophies , no offence . 
  well yeah , but he could win trophies everywhere , but at a club like bayern or real madrid he 'd be in the hunt for all of them , every season,
