  not sure if it 's that , or that they 're just not on reddit right now, 
  h scored , though . 
  if he 's only going to do one thing so far , that 's the best thing to do . 
  it was quite difficult.beat one player , finished it beautifully . 
  not saying he 's playing great so far today , but he 's scored . 
  that ball from sterling, 
  the term ` scouse cunts ' is in overdrive !, 
  and the bloody everton match . 
  `` there 's only one brendan rodgers '', 
  sign him up . 
  deserves a 5 year deal . 
  we 're second , two points off top . 
  ahead of chelsea/city with all their superstars , even though we 're second , i 'd take 4th in a heartbeat . 
  after today we can definitely do it, 
  get him another hattrick !, 
  suarez/aguero in a few weeks will be a good match ... 
  he 's got my ridiculous points this season . 
  he 's getting like 40 points per week for me, 
  the celebration was fucking great . 
  shown how much togetherness we have, 
  boy , if that 's how he looked at 2-0 ... 
  well , merry christmas everyone ... 
  best i 've seen us play in about 5 years . 
  sterling , suarez , sakho , flanno , allen , hendo all played out of their skin , no one had an average performance . 
  get rodgers signed up . 
  when she 's walking past joffrey ? 
  yeah it 's sansa, 
  do n't say greetings from europe as if we all share your views , and we 're all one type of person exactly the same, 
  to be honest it 'd be worse with your parents or siblings . 
  i always thought they put them as the least because how much people loved them therefore making more people buy boxes of them / r/hailcorporate, 
  love the guy , but we should get rid of kolo in that instance . 
  reginald d hunter, 
  are you scottish ? 
  to be fair though , lister was always a good person . 
  uneducated , eats shit , smokes/drinks heavily etc , but i never thought of him as a nobhead, 
  56 # on the dole here :(, 
  win against cardiff , then i think we can afford to drop a few points to city/chelsea , though i think currently we could well beat city . 
  juve 's midfield certainly ai n't bad . 
  good luck, 
  whenever we had a flat party or pre-drinks there 'd always be some cunt who brought lambrini . 
  always . 
  not seen him often , but he was so bad against sterling, 
  is n't he on a huge wage ? 
  club penguin cards, 
  do n't blame you . 
  i was in a tesco the other week , some fella dropped a # 10 note , so i went and gave it to him . 
  but if the cashier gave me extra # i 'd have kept it . 
  it 's different between a person losing it , and a multinational corp, 
  but they 'd go warm !, 
  that 's what i do n't understand , fair enough having a few pints , but unless he sees them off the last one or two wo n't be cold, 
  cough medicine is what gets me now . 
  jaeger tastes so much like it , i can drink jaeger still , but cough medicine whilst sober makes me heave just because of jaeger, 
  14 y.o 's on park bench 's love fosters, 
  personality on the pitch at least , off it he seems really lovely . 
  was in newcastle for the sunderland / ` castle match the other month . 
  was expecting drama , did n't find any , only loads of people in newcastle shirts alone in wetherspoons drinking . 
  before kraft bought them . 
  i got into the habit of mopping up the juice at the end with bread . 
  so good . 
  that was season 3 , not 2 . 
  all of season 8 more or less , and the pam/camera man story line of 9 too, 
  as an englishman , this is very true . 
  can be seen by us not using the euro and keeping the pound , and so many wanting independence from the eu . 
  he 's been good for years to be honest . 
  he was my favourite character until carell left , when andy got too much screentime he became a bit of a dick, 
  top left back, 
  for us it 's baines . 
  if only we had a solid left back like him . 
  ah well , we have the scouse cafu - flanno . . 
  i never realised the delicate balance in our family until my sister moved out . 
  we never used to have any cheese and onion or salt and vinegar , since she moved out , we have loads of them left . 
  tbh almost all of 2013, 
  awful . 
  xabi on the wing ? 
  mascherano , alonso , lucas in the centre . 
  gerrard and cou behind luis ? 
  christmas tree shaped . 
  what did kelly even do wrong/right ? 
  he had nothing to do . 
  skrtel kept everyone onside, 
  very true , but if our defenders decided to step up , skrtel was obviously the weak link in that, 
  it was cool the first few times but it quickly irked me , like gangnam style . 
  i think it 's because all radio/tv stations pick up on it really late and overdo it once no one cares anymore . 
  i know i 'll get downvoted for this , but i 'm a liberal atheist who believes in abortion . 
  why does ` refrigerator ' not have a d in it , when ` fridge ' does ? 
  more difficult in britain to get a hold of guns , of course . 
  they 're still young , they 've barely learned how to breathe fire . 
  give them time . 
  i 've read them , they 're still not fully disciplined . 
  if you 've seen them mentioned on music threads , then you 've heard of them . 
  just to the point they know to breathe fire when dany says ` dracarys ' , really, 
  arsene 's wallet, 
  sound like chocolate eclairs ? 
  live in england . 
  people say that here . 
  nice beer , though , bavaria . 
  but do n't forget if you 're local , you have thousands of people all around you who support either your team or a rival . 
  for example , in liverpool , it 's everton/liverpool . 
  if liverpool beat everton then as a blue you 'll be reminded of it constantly for ages . 
  i 'm going to start making them now .
