  ca n't blame lambert for having no service, 
  they 're new quotes , but rodgers has said something awfully similar a month or so ago, 
  oh god , an 0151 number too . 
  hope they do n't come to me . 
  0151 number is a liverpool region number , i have an 0151 number, 
  that song died after about two weeks though . 
  purple aki 's on the look out ... 
  unlucky mate , he 's banned from my town now . 
  did see him once though , very surreal moment, 
  i really want to see what legend cards are like to be honest . 
  whether it 's against or for me, 
  `` erm ... si ? '', 
  it 's weird seeing a reddit meetup so close to home , especially when you recognise one of the folks in the pictures ... 
  the environment and muscles . 
  his two priorities . 
  one of my mates went to school with adam morgan . 
  not exactly famous , but was well thought of for a bit . 
  said he was a bit of a prick , and bummed fags off everyone . 
  [ thought you meant this one until you mentioned carroll . 
  that one was sexy as fuck , and hold good memories too of the barca win, 
  he would have been the same he is now . 
  people forget the first half of the season until we sold him , he was poor . 
  was it wolves when kenny came back , where he scored two goals ? 
  even though he scored twice you could see he 's still not the same as he was . 
  the world cup prior ruined him . 
  lost that break of pace from a standing start . 
  better than dragging it out . 
  anyway , most shows on the beeb are, 
  [ you must have had mixed feelings when this went in ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0lic71moos ), 
  storage hunters , not wars . 
  my dad always does this . 
  says he 'll switch to sky , we get loads of free stuff off them . 
  lovren , johnson and enrique . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  should do , it 's his fault, 
  to be fair , they do it for every english side in it . 
  in theory , it was . 
  back then we thought we were still a good side . 
  we 're not anymore . 
  redditors of reddit what 's your unpopular opinion ? 
  til once four good players scored in the same match ? 
  he 's not been good attacking for years, 
  it 's fascinating how people still want him . 
  guy made his choice , only way he should be back at anfield is on a tour . 
  some chavs use it over here in the uk . 
  reddit thinks it 's hilarious for some reason to constantly say it . 
  but you 're being controlled by a sweaty 12 y.o and have no free will . 
  your name ? 
  taxi drivers do n't believe in zebra crossings . 
  gobshites speed up if anything . 
  from one of the smartest and dedicated owners in the league to the venky 's . 
  they were a laugh though for a while . 
  was n't his contract running out or something iirc ? 
  his age was the main factor . 
  he was only five yards offside ... 
  this has been our best performance since spurs away , yet we 're still not playing well . 
  martin atkinson is an offside genius, 
  i 'd rather us have four yellows for deserved bookings than concede an offside goal ... 
  the goals do tell the story though , we 're losing , and toothless scoring . 
  really ? 
  i do n't think you 've even played that well , you 've just taken your chances . 
  amazing how allen 's still on . 
  also amazing how rodgers thinks henderson is effective on the right wing . 
  typical lovren . 
  pathetic performance , against an average defence and midfield . 
  `` we were triffic . '', 
  joe allen putting in one of the worst liverpool performances i can remember in the last ten years . 
  he 's saved two or three poor shots , the one on balotelli was the best easily, 
  absolutely no need to try clear that ball first time , even if there was , you do n't try knock it downfield there , you put it down the flanks, 
  i 'd ask after the match lad , you 're not going to get any proper responses for a few hours . 
   done everything he could . 
  like spend over 100 million on players ? 
  only one is playing right now , and led to a goal . 
  but let 's be fair , de gea has saved a load of shots , but more than half of them have been comfortable saves . 
  got to love two centre halves going for the same header . 
  we were n't the better side . 
  sucking lvg 's nob on sky sports . 
  `` he 's a real family man '' `` great move from lvg bringing on a defender 3-0 with a minute left '', 
  on another day we beat basel . 
  and hull . 
  chelsea . 
  palace . 
  city . 
  madrid . 
  madrid . 
  that 's the least you expect when we play united of all teams . 
  even in our darkest days of playing shite , we always turned it on against united . 
  fuck , even under roy we came close ( 3-2 iirc ? ) . 
  it 's getting to the stage where it does n't matter if we play well , or badly , i just want us to win a football match . 
  i do n't even know if this is a good thing anymore . 
  they 're both about as bad as each other . 
  [ probably this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdlsu8vz8g8 ), 
  the song , the night and bloody sean connery doing the voice over . 
  should drop the entire bloody team in that case . 
  `` farage in polish children fuck scandal '', 
  `` i paid to go watch norbit ama '', 
  we ca n't afford to play youth players , or too many reserve players . 
  simple reason is bournemouth are smashing it at the moment , and we 're playing terribly . 
  another loss and brendan will feel pressure like no other . 
  for his own sake , he 'll play a first team .
