  agreed . 
  if we do , then we 'll definitely be signing a winger who can play football well . 
  quiz on my tits, 
  if my town was renamed due to its location in relevance to westeros , i reckon we 'd be riverrun . 
  he 's quality , shame we are n't looking at him . 
  still think city will win the league . 
  i hope they do , too . 
  watching chelsea is boring . 
  source . 
  it 's legit , folks . 
  such originality in a single post oh wow . 
  think every premier league side has been linked with him at least once, 
  but ... it 's been rejected . 
  it 's not good business . 
   america will *** forever *** be the most triumphant , powerful and dominant civilization in the world . 
  nothing can come even close to our power . 
  [ not really spoiler , but spoilered in case ] ( #s `` my brother read the book , he said he was his favourite character , i did n't see it . 
  then i read the books and see why . 
  jaimie 's a hero . '' ), 
  he 'll retire at barca . 
  without these two we 'd be midtable . 
  they link up so well , on their own they 're great , together they 're magnificent . 
  yeah . 
  especially with the physique of sterling too, 
  what a fucking game, 
  gerrard against ac milan , 2005 , for my biased opinion . 
  edit - and west ham fa cup final , 2006 , too . 
  what a save by butland , sturridge done so well to keep his calm though . 
  what the fuck was that game ? 
  think i 've had multiple heart attacks . 
  i need a lie down . 
  he fucked up a few passes today and put us under pressure . 
  some worldy passes , and calm penalty , mind, 
  better than reina 's ratio , though !, 
  we need new fullbacks . 
  luckily sakho 'll be back next week . 
  op your post says ` hull ' not stoke . 
  wait until suso returns ... sasasas, 
  i completely agree . 
  he was very good , but it was n't a perfect performance, 
  he probably still will to be honest, 
  i 'd imagine it does . 
  in the show it 's a lot smaller , a lot more realistic . 
  well they 're injured so they ca n't play , we need one that can . 
  plus i do n't much trust enrique . 
  underrated ? 
  not really . 
  everyone knows about it , and it 's popular . 
  boy that show started well , then went to shit all within an instant . 
  man the main character was such a cunt though . 
  `` serial killer and necrophiliac jerry brudos took this photo of 19-year-old college student karen sprinker in his garage . 
  he had kidnapped her from a department store parking lot and brought her to his house , where he made her model women 's underwear and pose for photos . 
  he killed her by hanging her from a hook in his ceiling , then had sex with her body and cut off her breasts . '', 
  like samuel l jackson, 
  crouchie is , adam is most definitely not . 
  he got found out . 
  he was no longer a big fish in a small pond where people only watch the highlights and not the full match , so his worldie cross field passes make the cut , but not the 5 failed ones before that, 
  to be fair though , liam neeson and ewan mcgregor were pretty famous too !, 
  should n't have , some great actors in there , just awful writing . 
  chelsea have a history of having great youngsters , then letting them go, 
  my genitals told me salah 's a done deal . 
  it 's only internet points !, 
  that 's fair enough , i understand that . 
  but not telling anyone where he 's gone is a dick move . 
  fair enough if he does n't like his parents , but he should have told his sister . 
  i 'm on a different continent . 
  without youtube i 'm fucked . 
  ca n't fucking wait for stannis ' attack . 
  really hope they make it as epic as in the book , to get more show viewers on his side, 
  aston villa next sat , 5:30 ko in case anyone wondered . 
  i dare anyone to watch this with their parents . 
  i would n't wish that upon my enemies . 
  haha , i never got this gag before now . 
  have n't seen this episode in time . 
  they 're both equally as ` meh ' . 
  i drink them both , but i do n't particularly love them, 
  could you afford his wage ? 
  i 'd imagine he 's on a hefty wage, 
  the big lebowski seems highly regarded on reddit . 
  so that , i was so bored . 
  that might be the case , but i think i 'd rather watch a new film than see a film ive already seen and did n't like , in the hope i do like it again . 
  conservative , hillsborough booing bastards . 
  what really pisses me off is when a foul happens about 10 of the chelsea players surround the ref and pressure him . 
  every club does it occasionally , but chelsea do it constantly . 
  i think it 's because they get all their players on loan from chelsea , so they have a bit of an unfair advantage to the rest of the eredvise, 
  anyone remember his header from the edge of the box ? 
  damn that was a goal . 
  he was such a frustrating player , but he 'd always pop up with a goal and i love him to bits . 
   every club does it occasionally , but chelsea do it constantly . 
  there 's a small minority of everyone 's fans who sings something vile , and it 's unacceptable . 
  the hillsborough booing was incredibly widespread . 
  1.38 goals per game this season . 
  they all count . 
  god those ` review preview ' ones are so frustrating . 
  what 's the point in them ? 
  20 seconds of him saying he 's going to be reviewing a movie . 
  he does have some natural talent , but no matter where he 's gone he never hits his potential, 
  possibly controversial , but i still do n't think lucas has reached his pre-injury peak . 
  on the one hand i think lucas is very gifted technically , he just does n't have the go ahead to really express himself , and on the other he 's still a very good anchor man . 
  i hate when i say i legit do n't like something popular , and people think i 'm just being a ` hipster ',
