  vannistelrooy cost # 19 million . 
  i could argue united were lucky to pick up a player of his ability for a pittance . 
  they did n't know he 'd turn world class . 
  why are they letting him go ? 
  i was always impressed with him . 
  what 's the story ? 
  how does a 1/3 cut in speed limit encourage shopping ? 
  `` what the hell is going on ? 
  i mean what the heeeeeeeeeeell is going owwwn '', 
  philadelphia collins from trailer park boys . 
  watched his # 10 and # 9 and i 'm already in laughter . 
  dude ca n't be serious ? 
  tdkr and spider-man ? 
  that 'd be hilarious to watch , constantly stalling it, 
  only people in the uk i know who drive auto is people who failed their manual test a few times , so learned in an auto, 
  we 're going fast now boys, 
  are n't american baked beans a lot different to most other countries beans ? 
  seems like it , but awfully slowly . 
  depends on how they perform really in the wc, 
  got to think it needs to be more competitive , i 'm english , and i ca n't see the appeal of the mls without relegation threats, 
   netflix killed it again . 
  netflix never made it , bbc did . 
  snipeeze, 
  english, 
  supply raid, 
  mic, 
  i have my moments . 
  1.7 k/d, 
  timothy murphy ( galen ) in soa 's accent is the worst . 
  he sounds brummie . 
  same for lillyhammer too iirc . 
  is it a cult classic though ? 
  tremors ? 
  sure . 
  the room ? 
  sure . 
  pulp fiction is a very well known movie . 
  i 'll crack one up now , will lack material until i watch it tomorrow . 
  sounds promising though !, 
  edit - http://www.reddit.com/r/fortitudetv/comments/2u4w83/episode_discussion_1x01_episode_1/, 
  oh yeah , i worded badly . 
  i just meant it 's a norse show that netflix slapped original on . 
  main issue with him is his consistency . 
  well as it looks right now , balotelli , borini , aspas will all move on , possibly lambert , too . 
  and sterling is a winger in truth . 
  if balotelli does n't improve he will leave in the summer . 
  the peanut butter one is so sickly i thought . 
  had to give it away . 
  the cookie dough one , or the arctic-y one are alright though . 
  14 million . 
  assuming it 's a team like arsenal after him . 
  his market value and what we 'd demand are vastly different right now . 
  market value , possibly 35m or so , we 'd demand 60 + if madrid came knocking . 
  he works hard , runs well , but is n't the most technical , based off when derby 's been on tele . 
  not on the rollies ? 
  why , are you from bolton ? 
  ever tried camels ? 
  damn they 're smooth, 
  not really under-rated though , is it ? 
  it 's always mentioned on reddit . 
  was it dark ? 
  sometimes i do it even though they ca n't see my ` thanks ' , but some folks do n't . 
  ustream hd one 's back up, 
  oh danny boy i love you . 
  iirc he has one of the best passing completion , though he always seems to mishit one pass a match , and nearly costs us . 
  was there rain in grosse point blank ? 
  `` shithouse mourinho '' chants , haha . 
  that 's just like your opinion , man . 
  re ; acting , it was pretty good considering they had to cast most of them at such a young age . 
  ethan hawke and the mum who 's name escapes me , were terrific . 
   no major plot, 
  does it really need one ? 
  does a good movie need a dedicated plot ? 
  the point of the movie was to show a ` boyhood ' from young to adulthood , it done that . 
  that was its plot . 
  sounds like the club names on pes, 
  i remember benitez doing something similar in an interview , when he was pissed off about h/g . 
   without a doubt ? 
  not sure about that . 
  he 's up there , most definitely though . 
   it needs something of interest to make anyone want to watch . 
  why did you watch it then ? 
   no drama, 
  you sure ? 
  did n't you see the scenes with his first step-dad ? 
  ** game of thrones spoilers below **, 
  i thought it was both and they alternated ? 
  did n't know aston villa , derby and fiorentina are arsenal 's rivals . 
  i love the idea they have comment tags whilst hacking into a government mainframe or something . 
  just got the most courteous comment tags spamming in that site . 
  do n't know what i 'd do if england had a winter break . 
  i 'd be so bored . 
  do n't think lerner would want to pay his pay off , considering he does n't want to buy players . 
  get the feeling gill ( sp ) and sinclair were signed just because if you go down , the money he 'd get for you when he finally gets a buyer would be a lot lower . 
  going back a bit , but that match at the bridge when villa won in about 2007 ( ? ), 
  was one of the best matches i 've watched . 
  hopkins ? 
  michelle , though . 
  well to be fair , markovic , moreno , lallana , can have all been playing very well recently . 
  lovren , balo , fair enough re ; them .
