  top division in seasons , finally . 
  ten years of fifa has paid off, 
  difficult getting a chance playing third fiddle to suarez and sturridge . 
  and when he did come on , he did n't look physically up to it , always looked a touch off the game . 
  350k euros a week . 
  that 's 279 grand in pounds a week . 
  80 thousands more than suarez was on . 
  he 's also 29 , and coming back from a serious injury , and plays for a club that does n't need to sell . 
  both are great . 
  both are completely different movies . 
  a much more reasonable reason is that ea is pumping fifa dry , not improving it , fixing bugs , and then making me pay fifty quid for it . 
  to think he had a bit of a bad reputation whilst at chelsea . 
  bloody chavs could make the nicest bloke a dickhead, 
  last few matches he was better than * suarez * . 
  cost like 2 mil when he was about fifteen . 
  most kids for that age would end up flopping . 
  well neither of these is happening at all . 
  for a lot of corners and set pieces , goalies normally come way out their goal so they can sweep up the ball when it 's cleared towards them . 
  not really . 
  we need a larger squad to deal with more matches . 
  assaidi will be off , suarez too , kolo and coates possibly too . 
  moses and cissokho have gone away , five is n't much . 
  he was originally against gay marriage , then changed his mind for the second vote . 
  i 'm not a big fan of his , but at least he wrote back , i suppose . 
  same as mine, 
  he 's gay ? 
  fair enough , good luck fab . 
  need two new strikers now . 
  widnes here , so i think we heard the same . 
  woke me up too , it was so bloody loud !, 
  had to close my window , and all that done was make it boiling . 
  this weather 's weird . 
  torrential rain , thunder , but it 's still so warm . 
  `` want to put the ball on towards the striker 's head ? 
  here , how about a nice cross , head height to the edge of the box '', 
  get on the hype train, 
  he clearly reads reddit . 
  16/1 to sign yaya toure ... 
  ... may 's well pay out now . 
  `` matches played : 30 . 
  red cards : 20, 
  doumbia is a fifa legend too . 
  skrtel already looks like a inmate, 
  this and his tattoos would be excellent, 
  not seen wisdom play then ? 
  big and strong , can run very well for one his size , defensively aware . 
  of all our defensive prospects , he 's the one i most expect to be a starter in a year or two . 
  to be honest i thought he could cone i to our side now, 
  does n't something like this happen to south koreans too ? 
  you also apparently rejected 25 mil for lallana , then we later signed him for 25 million . 
  not saying you 're wrong , just that we 'll find out when it 's all finalised . 
  [ this man does n't ] ( http://imagizer.imageshack.us/a/img194/7460/picture116c.png ), 
  daily mail, 
  i still think kelly would be better off at centre back . 
  i think we 'd be much better off without glen johnson . 
  last two years he 's been poor . 
  now he 's getting on , and still on a high wage . 
  we really need to improve our full backs . 
  when i think of ned , i think of flanders , not stark . 
  i live fifteen minutes from liverpool . 
  to a scouser , i 'm not scouse at all . 
  to anyone outside of the north west i 'm a scouser . 
  it 's mad . 
  one of those , who was good at a young age , then just did n't get any better ... 
  not sure if he counts . 
  he 's great , but unfortunately injury prone . 
  so he 's still talented , not lost that , just picks up injuries every time he stretches . 
  i like this bot , can we keep him ? 
  what do robots eat ? 
  is this reliable ? 
  falling asleep . 
  nothing wrong with leaving early . 
  used to always do it , two minutes early to avoid being in half hour of traffic, 
  its about whether they fit the system or not, 
  cadbury 's was bought by kraft , now it 's just oreo chocolate , barely find the normal chocolate any more . 
  he 's done well in pre-season . 
  be a shame to see him go for peanuts now, 
  i think it 's the kits . 
  that 's what made me like atletico when i first watched la liga . 
  aguero and forlan . 
  ooft . 
  oh my god , you killed kenny !, 
  blood diamond really shocked me on there . 
  headless chicken football is alive and well . 
  now they just need milan jovanovic also , and they 'll be set . 
  not really unexpected though . 
  stockport ? 
  i 'm in . 
  i 'm pretty good , i 'm in division one in seasons mode . 
  i 'm in the uk though , so time difference may be an issue . 
  about 6pm over there would be fine for me though . 
  my name 's snipeeze , hmu, 
  shadows of the damned and binary domain . 
  had n't heard of them before they came out , but i bought them on a whim and they were both great games . 
  on the plus side , milan 's kit looks lovely, 
  hope he becomes our new leader at the back , lord knows we need one . 
  it 'll start with skrtel there , then i 'd imagine over time sakho will replace skrtel, 
  [ and here 's the leaning !, 
  ] ( http://assets.lfcimages.com/uploads/5260__7442__lovren1000p_513x307.jpg ), 
  he 'll have been given a bit of time off because of his wc matches , almost certain he 'll sign .
