  very unique taste to it . 
  brilliant player . 
  incredibly consistent , incredibly solid . 
  one of the greats . 
  in typical italian fashion , he just would n't retire . 
  debut came in 1985 , retired in 2009 . 
  for perspective , reagan and thatcher were in power when he debuted . 
  might not have wanted to be the head coach , like wba liked to do . 
  difficult thing to judge really . 
  but biggest does n't = = biggest fanbase . 
  it 's odd . 
  in asda i 'm 19 . 
  there 's the challenge 25 thing going on , not sure why they do n't id me . 
  probably learned his lesson from burnley . 
  ca n't see him going now . 
  if he never went burnley , he may well have joined qpr , but as it is , i think he 'll stay put now . 
  qpr 's a bit of a merry-go-round . 
  you need to watch more movies , then . 
  there 's plenty of unique ideas out there . 
  trick is to say you 're interested , but ca n't talk at the moment , ask them to leave you their number and extension and you 'll get back to them . 
  these people work on commission , so they 'll do it . 
  then tell them to never call again , that you 've got their number , otherwise you 'll report them . 
  they 'll piss off then . 
  considering we play palace on saturday , nah . 
  he left post spurs match . 
  harsh . 
  as / u/fremenking said , he was meant to be a one-off . 
  the episode itself is pretty good , there 's certainly worse episodes , particularly in the last initial season , and then all of back to earth . 
  `` aaaaandroids , everybody needs good androids ! '', 
  done it in star trek tng , good episode , liked it . 
  from season 5 i think . 
  do you actually believe that ? 
  do you have knowledge of every president ever to make that claim ? 
  aye , i hear it a lot where i am . 
  settle down guys . 
  he 's been great , incredibly impressive . 
  but it 's early days . 
  anyway , do we know enough about his vocal skills , and organisation ? 
  have always wanted a german captain , though . 
  plenty of articles saying she helped the cover up . 
  there was a post on the uk subreddit about shows on the beeb who alluded to rumours about saville . 
  frightening stuff . 
  mate since then , we 've heard bolton sing it , and every single prem team pretty much ... 
  to be fair , it 's only when we 're losing , or something . 
  i also remember us chanting it when we were 8-0 against besiktas ... 
  they 've been doing ` feed the scousers ' for decades , it seems . 
  bizarre , when you consider manchester iirc an awful lot of mancs had to use foodbanks . 
  `` the place where everybody believes they 're a lazy genius '', 
  think the clubs have a decent relationship , too ? 
  our cl finals ( ' 05 / ' 07 ) , et al. 
  we 're not too similar to gladbach , but we have a nice relationship with them . 
  local kid , and he 's better than johnson and enrique . 
  he knows his flaws , and does n't try to score from 30 yards every attack a-la johnson . 
  funnily enough , their 2007 side of most of those bar crespo and shevchenko won it anyway . 
  this , and i think it 's really hard to imagine him winning it at arsenal , too . 
  it 's not they have a poor squad , just that there 'll always be at least three sides in europe better than them . 
  i ca n't see them doing what chelsea done to win it , and defend deep when the pressure 's on . 
  he 's nothing like gerrard , to be fair . 
  gerrard 's played a bunch of roles in his time here , but never quite like hendo . 
  he 's played as part of a two man midfield , he 's played on the right wing , cam , and dm . 
  hendo 's more underspoken . 
  he goes wandering , but he does it really well . 
  as part of a three man defence , that 's fine , there 's still cover . 
  he does , then he lifts his foot up , stopping sturridge from touching it . 
  all 11 will be doing it soon . 
  [ vine of dance ] ( https://vine.co/v/optj6luemji ), 
   49 ' goal daniel sturridge 1-2, 
  you okay there , op ? 
  gif of mario smiling in that celebration ? 
  collector 's item, 
  we played well . 
  gayle and soare really going for the dramatic today . 
  you okay , mate ? 
   it hurts even more because i fucking hate liverpool so much . 
  fuck you all , fuck your pathetic abuse to gayle . 
  the machine 'll be off when you go , though , i bet . 
  always is . 
  shame , the smarties one was lovely . 
  [ yes , i just ca n't stop myself from downvoting ] ( http://oi59.tinypic.com/x5o6pu.jpg ), 
  okay pal . 
  think most trains allow it most places ? 
  i know here in england , if there 's a footy match on , you better expect the train to be full of empty crates of cheap lager . 
  i tried a twinkie for the first time the other week . 
  over-rated . 
  has no taste to it . 
  meh , they do it to loads of players . 
  until recently everyone was saying mignolet was playing shite , when he was n't . 
  they just go off what other people are saying , and snowball it . 
  does n't really matter . 
  baby with blonde hair = norwegian . 
  michu for the one season , yeah . 
  do n't think they 'll make much if any profit on him when they sell him . 
  mccandless , to me , just seemed selfish . 
  i think it starts out innocent though , but as it progresses , i just feel sorry for his family . 
  he 's just a bit of a kook . 
  reddit has a hard-on for cabin in the woods . 
  if you 're going for creepy , york is another one you should check out, 
  i 'm not from london . 
  tipping for doing what ? 
  just in pubs or elsewhere ?
