  they seem to think it 's only for night time , and not the still dark out mornings . 
  ( important bits , since let 's be honest , most people do n't read the article ), 
  steven gerrard has enjoyed productive talks with liverpool over a coaching position , but has made it clear he wants a meaningful role rather than a symbolic one . 
  the 36-year-old has discussed the possibility of helping shape the club 's future generation with academy director alex inglethorpe , with the dialogue at an advanced stage . 
  liverpool 's former captain wants any role to hinge on what he could offer , how much he could learn and ensuring he 'd be making a substantial contribution - not to be based on who he is . 
  inglethorpe , who recently signed a new long-term deal with the reds having enjoyed success in his position , feels the same way . 
  he believes the capabilities of the player with the club 's third-most appearances in history extends well beyond being a brilliant example to the youngsters . 
  it will also afford him the chance to soak up information from one of his greatest influences steve heighway , who guided him to liverpool 's first team . 
  `` i 've got options on the pitch , off the pitch and i 've got a bit of thinking to do over the next two , three weeks , '' gerrard said , with his old managers brendan rodgers at celtic and newcastle 's rafael benitez both reportedly interested in resurrecting a working relationship . 
  eh , that 's part of the job though surely . 
  i do n't wan na watch the snoopy movie , but if i was paid to watch and review it , i 'd do it . 
  my dvd of the digimon movie still has an angela anaconda short before it , and it 's still creepy as heck . 
  and attracts americans since it 's a gun . . 
  you could just thank the fella waiting by the front until everyone gets on/off, 
  no closets , or toilets nearby ? 
  she wanted attention ? 
  why would americans care that an english team has an asian or australian player ? 
   cost us multiple games, 
  he did though , lucas had some absolute stinkers , almost impressively bad stinkers , like 8 years ago, 
  won the world club challenge in rugby league few decades ago , homeward bound was wrote by paul simon based off how much he wanted to leave the town , and its still a chemical town . 
  other year seen a man must have been 85-90 , fit the whole stereotype , had a flat cap.pushing wooden palets in a wheelbarrow down the road . 
  turned to me and said ` off to a board meeting ', 
  my memories of him are scoring that goal , playing complete wank , but mainly for some reason [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eilooox6z7u ) touch, 
  they really are , are n't they . 
  never really heard the stereotype before i went there , but they 're lovely people . 
  and this was in amsterdam , as you leave the tourist-y places , they 're probably even nicer ( like when you leave london ), 
  the charge has worked really well . 
  so many more people use re-usable ones , and everyone got used to it so quickly . 
  i was only there for four nights , and i did n't make friends or anything , but i met the best bartender ever . 
  gave us free shots , played the beatles all night ( once he heard we were from liverpool ) , and was proper up for it , dancing on the tables and everything . 
  if i did n't get sloshed beyond cognitive function i 'd have remembered the name of the pub ... 
  `` bring me everyone '', 
  [ `` eeeeeeeeeeeeeeveryoneeeee '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74bzstqcl_c ), 
  had surgery on tuesday . 
  having to make gp appointments daily to re-do my dressing , could n't get one yesterday so was stuck in the walk-in for 2 hours yesterday just to get it re-dressed , whilst bleeding . 
  fun fun, 
  to be fair , do we know that 's why they 're booing him ? 
  might have been shenanigans when burnley last came up against him . 
  picked a bad time to submit , table 's just changed , op . 
  liverpool just won . 
  not that it matters . 
  type of match we usually cock up and ca n't break the deadlock , so nice we actually won . 
  think everyone 's waiting for news on coutinho , though . 
  this comment hurts my head . 
  most surprising thing about this is that they 're even trying it . 
  cinema i work at is booming christmas eve , then boxing day it 's so quiet . 
  ca n't imagine the sales will be worth it , especially since they 'll be on x2/3 pay . 
  `` i do n't know , is because a dick to retail assistants ok ? '', 
  bad santa 2 will do well the week before christmas . 
  any christmas movie will , as always . 
  problem is , with it being a 15 it wo n't get the family goers . 
  because cinemas are already struggling . 
  start arguing with the companies , people will go elsewhere . 
  worst striker in ligue 1 scores a belter, 
  [ notice me senpai ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iivxmn-ukw&amp;list=flgas1dqa9ehuoksxqn6lfhg&amp;index=83 ), 
  [ and from the same ep ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbawjcxjlmi&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=104 ), 
  i 've experienced cleaners where i work refusing to clean up sick , but in a hospital ? 
  that 's surely a big part of the job, 
  i just got a tango orange air freshener in my car and it 's a thing of beauty, 
  tesco !, 
  a moment of silence for all retail workers, 
  that the # 1 tequila bar ? 
  love it there . 
  or you 're welsh ( which i 'm not ), 
  santa cruz 's was weird . 
  he had a great season , then an average one , * then * city spunked a load of cash on him . 
  i 'm gon na be devastated if it 's bad too . 
  fortunately danny boyle has never really disappointed me . 
  the trailers do look really good , though it may be the nostalgia from the soundtrack . 
  it 's not worthwhile to argue or be difficult . 
  just be pleasant , if they 've pulled you other it 's very likely to be a small issue i.e busted light , speeding , swerving et al. 
  i got pulled once , one of my side lights was out . 
  she was pleasant , told me to fix it in x days and gave me a form to prove i 'd sorted it . 
  to be honest i 've not seen that one , or trance . 
  a lot of the slang he uses is only really used in london , or at least down south . 
  ` peng ' and ` safe ' and stuff, 
  most people in retail will have seen them really , especially in supermarkets etc. 
  you can do that thing to check them where you rub the ink off onto paper, 
  to be fair , this sunday 's matches are better than most . 
  was n't rodriguez playing out wide before his injury , when he was in boss form ? 
  from the craig bellamy school of having no neck . 
  the enigma strikes again, 
  [ bamboozled ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0elafc4ub9y ), 
  it 's been 7 minutes, 
  you telling me kolarov is n't a world class centre back ? 
  to be fair , sterling was a better striker than balotelli and lambert that season . 
  he 'd get in the places for chances at least , * before * bottling them . 
  i 'm going to illegally watch it otherwise it 'll probably take months before i can in the uk . 
  yeah , it used to be on there . 
  they used to have quite a few c4 shows . 
  anyone noticed that ` this is england ' 90 ' is on netflix , but has an itv watermark over it ? 
  confused me . 
  just edge out , if no one moves just go and then the world can continue rotating, 
  i like how they referenced the same scene from the godfather twice in three seasons and i never noticed, 
  great list . 
  i 'd add gone baby gone , american psycho , snatch , lock stock , sexy beast, 
  op you may like enter the void . 
  not seen it myself , but it 's a drug-based movie . 
  kids , too maybe . 
  that was okay .
