  little shits . 
  raptor 's a really good card though imo . 
  it 's so much easier when you have sticky minions like shredder and raptor to get your opponent in combo range . 
  their mini rivalry was great , thry got under each others skin so often . 
  kind of disappointed when they played the other week, 
  klopp must really want to change our midfield . 
  i get that grujic wo n't be coming in to be an instant starter , but dahoud and zielinski would show he really wants to change things around there . 
  got ta wonder who 'll make way . 
  i 'd imagine lucas will unfortunately leave , but i do wonder if that 'll be it . 
  parker 's still making 75k ?!, 
  he was a damn good player a few years ago , but that money for a lower placed championship team will only ever lead to trouble, 
  to be honest , would n't be surprised if the dvd was cancelled too . 
  happens during big matches . 
  goes on and on until ko, 
  sooo nervous . 
  ca n't keep the ball, 
  hwath ldwepofjv, 
  the fuck just happened . 
  bore off . 
  same . 
  going to ukraine is always difficult . 
  hopefully sevilla have to deal with that, 
  it 's always a lucozade bottle, 
  bolton to win this . 
  always seems to happen when a team 's relegated . 
  savage repeating everything he says, 
  i 'd argue darnassus is more important . 
  allows you to ramp and keep tempo, 
  good card , but until the expansion and nerfs drop it 'll be difficult to put into a deck . 
  could work well in an egg druid deck . 
  good , like to see him get some game time before the end of the year . 
  think he may wan na move on this summer if he does n't start getting minutes, 
  15 years is a long time , that 's the issue . 
  great player , but is he currently better than those mentioned ? 
  it 's obviously your choice and i wo n't change your mind , but from my obviously biased opinion , he 's better than alonso ( as much as i love the man ) , ozil , and ballack . 
  off the top of my head and in no order ;, 
  scholes, 
  nedved, 
  lampard, 
  deathwing was a good choice in control mirrors i found , but the golden monkey killed that . 
  sixth form is the same as college, 
  1995 - se7en , probably . 
  how could you forget about the mighty ducks ? 
  you have one of the best years for movies ever . 
  pulp fiction , shawshank , leon , and of course the mighty ducks 2 !, 
  do n't forget about the mighty ducks 3 !, 
  nope , not me . 
  i never up or down vote . 
  too lazy, 
  used to be . 
  if only one of these fell to someone other than lallana, 
  thought moreno was definitely gon na bring him down then, 
  ligue 1 's worst striker scores again ... 
  went over to celebrate with kolo , so cute, 
  absolute gobshite . 
  agreed . 
  linesman must have seen it too . 
  i was n't even sure it was a certain foul in real-time . 
  just people trying to vent . 
  cynical challenge to stop our star striker from playing in the semi 's . 
  let 's make it 5, 
  lucas the playmaker, 
  hahahaha well in pienaar . 
  mccarthy and besic , haha . 
  i dunno , bill loves keeping his managers . 
  back to the keeper and do keepie ups, 
  let 's just play heads and volleys, 
  rodgers was sacked on the back of this reverse fixture iirc . 
  everton just are n't learning from these back post crosses . 
  it 's not beyond the realms of possibility , but our best chance is certainly in the europa league now, 
  lucas with the skills, 
  you know when you 're playing on the park , and you get bored when your team 's dominating them , so you just go up and join them ? 
  hope he does that . 
  moreno not even bothering going on his flank, 
  exactly, 
  funes mori had a fucking awful tackle on him , the cunt . 
  probably out for the season now . 
  `` badly sprained ankle '' , sounds more promising than it could have been, 
  maybe then it 'd only be 3-0, 
  dudek was amazing in that match , but as a keeper was n't all that special . 
  reina was better in every sense . 
  for fucks sake . 
  great goal . 
  another one villa let go , huh . 
  dropping like flies here . 
  your striker 's elbow , more like, 
  they ca n't even get hughton this time either . 
  reminding me of [ this ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x16ohuz_liverpool-3-0-newcastle-united-sunday-3rd-may-2009-motd-highlights_sport ) , last time newcastle went down played them just before, 
   movie stars ever, 
  easy now ... 
  based off tgt , the playable date will probably be friday, 
  needs more alcohol and folks passed out, 
  they 'd always leave without telling anyone , too . 
  i miss those days . 
  defoe and bendtner ? 
  think that could work ? 
  he 's not been good for a while . 
  he 's off in the summer . 
  great servant , but has never been that good bar a few purple patches . 
  should do better there joe,
