  broadchurch was/is pretty big here in the uk . 
  about the only thing worth watching on itv, 
  to be fair , it changes all the time . 
  once we or arsenal go through a few bad games we 'll get all this . 
  it 's just that now you 're expected to be a good team , and get bummed by west brom and watford it 's pretty funny, 
  `` our ard british lads '', 
  definitely for brexit , was macca and hoddle, 
  still more than america, 
  spy kids has 93 % from critics , and 46 % from users . 
  anyone got the numbers for bridget jones in the uk ? 
  it 's been a huge hit in the cinema i work at . 
  heard someone say it 's like mean girls , once they grew up and had kids, 
  that the ` haunted ' one that was featured on tv ? 
  my folks went there the other year , not knowing it was supposedly haunted . 
  had a great time showing them [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twxn0myrt3u ), 
  i found i loved the show before i started the books , then once i overtook the show i started to like it less and less . 
  not because i knew what was gon na happen , it just does n't have that shock value anymore for me, 
  he means the lack of running track really , not all fans being really close to the pitch i think, 
  [ so ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nk8lhblpmgy ) [ many ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwikgqr-omw ) [ good ] ( https://youtu.be/njnnkcbnr9w?t=285 ) [ moments ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ea2gpg0rek ), 
  here in the uk the only ones you need to pay for are small ones in corner shops , bowling alleys etc. 
  post offices , larger chained shops and supermarkets are all free for all banks, 
  that 's the weird thing , at some age , maybe ~ 15 ? 
  you ca n't be with your parents whilst they buy alcohol , unless they 're also doing their grocery shopping too , otherwise they 'll often refuse to sell it, 
  i 'm 21 , but i have a beard and only get id 'd in ` bigger ' nightclubs , not at shops or small pubs, 
  yeah . 
  pub near me everyone went to from ages 15/16 , because they never id 'd . 
  then all the cunts in our year started going , so we all moved to drinking on fields, 
  they 'd probably give it 50/50 as every single accident without dashcams seem to be , unless you rear end someone, 
   the majority of people in the uk has a positive opinion of her . 
  oh honey . 
  hooch and beer surprisingly nice . 
  only time i 'd ever drink it, 
  there was also 0 seasons of luther at that point, 
  post of the year . 
  nice having such depth . 
  our bench is so strong, 
  aw , i preferred the other thread . 
  think he was actually offside there ? 
  like half a foot . 
  matip 's been poor so far . 
  i miss can . 
  doing better now , pinning them back , just ca n't make chances . 
  goddamn coutinho 's been bad . 
  i love michael pena so i may see it . 
  new rule this year, 
  if you 've not , watch end of watch . 
  him and jake gyllenhaal as dirty cops, 
  like flubber . 
  bein 's not an english channel, 
  sturridge did n't start, 
  poor pass from milner after he done so bloody well . 
  wonder when can 's gon na start being rotated back in, 
  he 's remembering suarez days, 
  i just want a reliable keeper :(, 
  if matip was white he 'd look really nerdy . 
  great performance from bobby today . 
  hey who remembers when we won at 85 minutes ? 
  counting chickens and all that . 
  even when origi makes the wrong decision i just ca n't get angry at him for it for some reason . 
  his shite clearance gave us a penalty ? 
  oh he could , but a team like swansea have no reason to hire giggs . 
  he 's completely unproven as a manager , how many examples can you think of , of players turned managers moving to top division clubs and doing well ? 
  dalglish done well when he was player-manager . 
  assistant manager helps , of course , but again it does n't mean he 'll actually be a good manager . 
  steve clarke done okay at times moving from assistant to manager , but ultimately failed . 
  for a struggling swansea side , they 'd be best off managing a sam allardyce rather than giggs . 
  he 's not going anywhere . 
  there 's questions over whether sturridge can make it under klopp , origi fits almost perfectly , and is kind of loved . 
  such as making the game work within the first three days of a new expansion ? 
  preposterous !, 
  i 'm a picky eater , so i often do this , just in case, 
  if it makes you feel better , canadians are looked upon brotherly , at least from the people i know . 
  you 're like americans , but with less obnoxious people , and more manners . 
  took them 30 seconds to mention rooney having a big part to play . 
  twice already . 
  three if you count the ` the winner could come from the sub bench ' ... after 1 minute . 
  sturridge is quite selfish , henderson is a replacement captain , and alli can lose the ball a bit . 
  any of those three . 
  hate when commentators say stuff like that . 
  as if he 's ever even watched 3/4 of these players at club level . 
  blast from the past, 
  capital is the absolute worst . 
  and that non-stop billboard for it outside lime street that 's been going for what seems like years . 
  assuming it 's a com sci class , that sounds really silly ? 
  why not just like , give you a project spec to make ? 
  why quiz you on it ? 
  i once had to do a written test , but all we had to do was pseudo code which is piss . 
  if it 's actual code id definitely cock that up, 
  at least you 're playing on curve ... 
  you 'd still probably run into him and chat if you cared enough, 
  did n't think i 'd see widnes mentioned on reddit . 
  represent . 
  part of the reason of the accent is the amount of irish dockers coming over . 
  nah it 's a shithole , but it 's a shithole really close to non-shitholes , so could be worse . 
  could be runcorn, 
  sucks for them then , red dwarf is an absolute classic . 
  the new episodes are n't bad either, 
  i liked csi with laurence fishburn 's character to be honest . 
  it was never amazing tv , but good to have on in the background . 
  still prefer criminal minds though,
