  in a way it did kind of end halaand 's career . 
  he kept playing in that match , then the one after it , but retired shortly after . 
  he claimed keane 's tackle as the root cause of it . 
  got that from wiki . 
  in the physio 's room, 
  same . 
  they 're not the best band , but damnit do they put on a show and a half . 
  no one 's threatened , it just seems incredibly cheap and tacky to post a video for marseille , against liverpool just because someone posted one the prior way . 
  oh gosh , magic in school is wonderful . 
  every free , dinner , and break time ( about three hours overall ) is just pure mtg time . 
  every other goal posted was from gerrard , no one else , so that point is incorrect . 
  no malice ? 
  just a coincidence then that a marseille goal was posted , in which it was scored against liverpool ? 
  yeah , sure , whatever you say ... clearly trying to be made into some sort of competition between marseille/liverpool , because someone got butthurt that a goal posted against marseille was posted . 
  i put the screw in the tuna . 
  allen, 
  it was n't just the one mistake , he was very bad in his last two years . 
  do not move to england then . 
  as did i, 
  i appear to have been banned for no reason from it ? 
  i refuse to answer until i 'm told where/how you got that heart . 
  if you tell me , you can have my heart < 3, 
  spanking you very much . 
  celtic fans are very willing to let him go , since he ca n't even get in their team . 
  anyway , no . 
  rodgers has worked with , trusts allen , and they are afterall very different players . 
  i did n't make it, 
  it is for those who are at work and ca n't view the memegenerator website, 
  it 's his life , do n't get judgemental . 
  he 'll probably regret it , but that 's been his decision . 
  beer , at 17 ? 
  oh god no phone the police . 
  seriously chill out . 
  el-hadj diouf approves this message, 
  in the last three years , perhaps . 
  but that 's a long way until we get to blackburn , forest etc. 
  we still have all the resources , money etc to stop that . 
  ah the `` he 's homegrown he must not have skill or technique '' attitude . 
  if they 're good enough , they 're good enough . 
  the manager thinks they 're good enough . 
  i disagree with your point massively . 
  here 's an upvote . 
  no seriously though , he was shocking in the end , and now hoffenheim are selling him off for like # 2 million for being bad . 
  someone who speaks fully in norwegian . 
  i ca n't understand that language , but the letters look pretty so she 's on my facebook . 
  edit - i just remembered i have a serbian friend too , and i only keep her there because her boobies are fabulous . 
  and continents ... 
  i guess , there 's ` ftm ' , which is an acronym for ` fuck the matrix ' . 
  matrix is the drug department for the liverpool police , 10 year olds love spray painting it on walls with the weed symbol . 
  it 's become one of those things people say sarcastically like yolo . 
  why is the grass greener in ireland than england ? 
  because they 're all walking on english grass, 
  ( courtesy of dara o'briain , not many chances i get to make this joke ! ), 
  but seriously , no strong feelings either way . 
  i do like your accents . 
  one thing i do n't get too much is why so many americans categorise themselves as american irish or whatever , anyone care to enlighten me ? 
  some call it a curse ... 
  that 's a great film !, 
  all my jealousy is yours, 
  i 'm friends with neil buchanan off art attack ... if you know what that is . 
  [ ca n't forget this gem ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4z9puha0ey ), 
  most people i know prefer rolley 's to straights . 
  it gives you something to do making them , plus it feels like i 'm on art attack, 
  he 's very thick skinned , and this kind of shows that and his loyalty . 
  preaching to the choir . 
  what annoyed me most , after about half hour filling one out , i got rejected at the end of the application , seconds after sending it , and told me not to try again for 6 months . 
  fuck them . 
  fair few will drift off though as the season progresses . 
  reckon it 'll be fairly less come a few month . 
  depends how good friends you are/were with them !, 
  ( and if you 're a girl , other reasons too , probably ... ), 
  i was thinking of leeds festival but effort . 
  i 'm in . 
  i 'll be your friend < 3, 
  you do n't make conditions, 
  well it 's quite simple really , basically , upon introducing yourself , you do n't pull out a large contract and try write up a friendship agreement , most people will think you 're batshit insane, 
  might be batman the brave and the bold . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gg5qbrwkf94 ), 
  hipster . 
  near the cemetery , there 's always spots to park . 
  completely depends on the shops . 
  i 'm 17 , have a large beard and look slightly older , but because of the ` challenge 21 ' thing i would n't get beer , but i can get served for fags for my mates at my local post office . 
  both are required to be 18 , but because of the shop in question , you 'll get served/not served . 
  personally , never been rejected for energy drinks , but it 'd be dependant on the seller . 
  thread 's called ` what religion do you follow ' , folks , remember atheism is ** not ** a religion . 
  i 'm the same age . 
  it 's fine , we 're all nice people here, 
  welcome to the horribly bleak subreddit that is / r/foreveralone, 
  but * not * a religion , which op asks which one people belong to . 
  i love piercings , all kinds . 
  piercings anywhere other than your private area for me are cool . 
  fuck there 's someone else from my town in north west england beginning in ` w ' . 
  very cool, 
  american beauty . 
  reaper . 
  it would appeal * everyone * though . 
  nothing story . 
  check his timeline , turkish journalist saying it 's almost done . 
  mainly because he was bad after his inital great first season . 
  bench ?
