  british privilege is be able to show fat people on tv, 
  i carry the thought that she 's just an illusion of another . 
  i ca n't remember exactly , but is n't there something which allows people to make visions of themselves appear to someone ? 
  yup that 's it !, 
  i always sort of thought quiathe is someone uninteresting , perhaps someone from oldtown or something , guiding her, 
  to be fair , he had little choice . 
  they were sailing on dragonstone , and his men were growing bored and impatient , other than move on somewhere and try gather support , he did n't really have other choices . 
  pretty much all reports have said we 've been in for him for nearly a week , and if ben smith 's to be relied on , spurs ' interest is new, 
  hate to be a pedantic dick , but kevan l was highborn, 
  fair point , my mistake, 
  or lucas, 
  even without ned marrying cersei , jon snow * is * very dead, 
  ^ probably, 
  aiden gillian does n't half pull it off brilliantly . 
  everyone knows he 's incredibly dangerous , but they need him , and stupidly trust him . 
  it 's marvellous, 
  it 's not just that she cheated on rick , it 's that she 's a bad mum , really . 
  she plays it off to rick that carl 's given too much freedom , then leaves him alone for a day , then crashes her car because of nothing , then blaming rick for it . 
  fucking shane is understandable , and rick agrees , but if i was him , i 'd be so scared for carl being looked after by lori, 
  dude , that 's not on the mark . 
  varys cares for the realm , hence him asking shae to leave kl , because he knows tyrion is one of the few people who will actually do positive things for kl and the realm . 
  there 's a few sketchy things he does occasionally ( particularly in the books ) , but he tried to help ned , and helped tyrion get into brothels to save him face etc. 
  varys is not meant to be hated by many means , he 's very knowledgeable , and potentially dangerous , but in the show , at least , all he 's done is for the realm, 
  same , and the soprano 's . 
  hot fuzz , shaun of the dead , or world 's end . 
  if you had to choose one that 's your favourite , which is it ? 
  also spaced is amazing and i want to thank you for putting it in my life, 
  it 'd have been better after hot fuzz . 
  little baby aaron a aaronsen, 
  i think / r/teenagers is a dreadful subreddit . 
  by ` brony ' i do n't imagine it 's someone who just likes the show . 
  when you 're called a brony , i think the type of person who has t-shirts with ponies on them , their dp on every social network and forum is a pony , and they constantly use brony terms like ` everypony ' and all that . 
  i do n't care if someone likes the show , it 's just when they let it define their entire personality and who they are, 
  carragher was a midfielder iirc, 
  i 'm a virgin, 
  okay cheers , i 've booked an appointment for tonight, 
  all they play is wonderwall . 
  they need more variation, 
  [ a dance with dragons ] ( / s `` when jon gets stabbed i put the book down , lay down and stared at the ceiling for 5 minutes '' ), 
  as well as what other posters have said , grrm was originally planning on making a five year gap between books , so they 'd all grow up quite a bit . 
  he decided against it eventually, 
  or godric, 
  to be fair , that 's pretty much what true blood is anyway . 
  how 's the latest season been , anyone know ? 
  i gave up because it was gash, 
  i wonder why ... 
  clearly must have been a fake dick then , we all know skaarsgard is hung like a bull, 
  i felt the same , do n't worry . 
  dorne and the iron islands are difficult to get to like , and adwd is as slow as affc to be honest . 
  but i 'd definitely recommend reading them before the new one , because it 's set up to be amazing . 
  but good job you did n't read the spoiler , it 's a big one, 
  what age is freshman in america ? 
  meh , it 's nothing out of the ordinary . 
  players from there normally cost about the same . 
  the american teenage girls would n't stand for sherlock to be took off the air , and the beeb seem to cater for yanks nearly as much as us now, 
  breaking news ; nothing 's changed, 
  it also says we 're prepared for it , and we 're going to reject the offers . 
  we 'd look a dick if we sold him now , but honestly , i 'd sell him if we got a good offer, 
  our owners said like 20 days ago we 're going to sell him , especially to arsenal , as we could n't replace him in time . 
  selling him now would make them look badly, 
  you 're a bit of prick you , are n't you ? 
  there 's a few like that who would be so relieving to see do it , like blackfish too, 
  ` uk ' is n't a country though . 
  it 's a collection of them . 
  it 's a sovereign state, 
  and jurassic park, 
  it 's called lorraine but she only does it about 1/2 days a week , the rest there 's a guest judge . 
  change the damn name, 
  you drew me a picture once , of a walrus , and it was marvellous . 
  no question , just wanted to say you made my day , that day . 
  that bloody yoda advert is terrible too . 
  `` oh , yoda , look we interrupted this person 's listening to music '' yes you fucking did you cunt, 
  i can handle the adverts when they 're not annoying and try to break the fourth wall like that, 
  very inconsistent , does the hard bit easy , the easy bit hard . 
  tries to score too many worldie 's , and makes bunch of mistakes . 
  on his day he can be very good , and he 's probably our best left back in a while , bar a fit aurelio, 
  was that the `` soft in the head , and fresh out of ideas ! '', 
  advert ? 
  if so ; i , too am watching harry potter , and i completely agree, 
  it 's huge in the uk . 
  nearly finished season 4 , i do n't like this whole angels/demons feeling of it . 
  seems way too dragged out, 
  you and me both brother, 
  david nugent, 
  but why ? 
  frey 's a bellend and wanted unreasonable terms , cat agreed to them , then so did robb . 
  then he went and got married in secret . 
  he also eggs on charlie do do that flying bubble thing, 
  does n't really explain how myrcella and tommen are good natured kids though . 
  and it is n't really cat 's fault . 
  jon is a constant reminder that ned fucked someone else whilst he was with cat . 
  most bastards are cast off , ned through his honour kept jon , but is a constant reminder to cat, 
  does n't really explain how myrcella and tommen are good natured kids though . 
  and it is n't really cat 's fault . 
  jon is a constant reminder that ned fucked someone else whilst he was with cat . 
  most bastards are cast off , ned through his honour kept jon , but is a constant reminder to cat, 
  dae battlefront 3 and dae think cod is overrated ??? 
  must just be me, 
   sean, 
  blackfish .
