  see how wisdom gets on . 
  elbow , apparently . 
  waiting for replay . 
  i think he means diego costa . 
  same for every commentator in every european match , to be fair . 
  and just like that , an interesting match is over . 
  hate it when teams pressure the ref like that . 
  i 'd be really pissed off if i was psg right now . 
  even game , 30 minutes in , the ref did n't even ask his linesman it seemed , just went right to his pocket, 
  does n't work like that . 
  ref does n't need to make a decision in 3 seconds , he can ask his assistants . 
  just imagine it . 
  chelsea sit back , psg do n't have a way through . 
  luiz , from a corner , with seconds left smashes it in . 
  parts of me hate them more than united . 
  to be fair though , their players pushed for it . 
  when they surround a ref like , that it really puts the officials under a lot of pressure . 
  does n't make it right , does it ? 
  some teams do it more than others . 
  to be fair , i 'd rather have 11 men , then a pen call . 
  [ chelsea twitter 's not having any of it . 
  matic just came off , too . 
  two legs in the quarters , first of semi 's . 
  been impressed by rabiot since he came on . 
  3 seconds, 
  trust me , that 's not being biased . 
  ca n't help it . 
  if it was city , i would n't mind . 
  do n't mind your manager , or captain , and you play good football . 
  same for arsenal . 
  i was screaming at my screen when he tried to shoot from the byline though . 
  psg 's midfield bossed the whole game . 
  motta and verratti , take a bow . 
  where i live , united fans are out numbered so they always whacked their dick out when they won a big game . 
  depth . 
  kept us back for years . 
  rafa built a great starting eleven . 
  exactly . 
  i hate torres , but no point booing when he 's been invited by gerrard . 
  same for terry , though to a lesser degree ... 
  yeah i agree . 
  i adore the show , but that bit was just ... unnecessary . 
  shame , too , she 's the best character . 
  ` it follows ' , despite its name is actually good . 
  i 'd recommend . 
  snipe then in the chest , they get to cover . 
  they pull out their variable and get two headshots :( . 
  i feel guilty though when i middle lane hog , even if there 's more in the left lane than right . 
  game is set for a nolan hattrick . 
  that would be so funny . 
  if clarkson stays gone , the other two hosts will leave too . 
  in case anybody did n't recognise her , it 's leonardo dicaprio 's first wife in the wolf of wall street . 
  i stopped watching it years ago . 
  who is she in himym ? 
  do the old ` well i 'm switching to virgin media then ... ' , and they 'll send someone straight over to fix it . 
  ste o'conner it is . 
  seen his car about a bit . 
  goalkeepers are generally a lot cheaper than strikers . 
  give him chance , he 's had a bad injury . 
  he 's still needed for us . 
  you visit / r/worldnews too much . 
  op your match thread is shocking . 
  they 'll be singing it in three years time too , i bet . 
  bit of a common performance from us . 
  three centre backs , and two centre mids who do n't really get forward . 
  leave everything to our front players , so there 's no real link between defence and attack . 
  oh , and no players who can cross the ball . 
  to be fair , sterling 's crosses have been woeful . 
  our form is pretty spectacular , but goddamn i swear 1/2 of our wins are just like that game . 
  6 clean sheets in a row is it , now ? 
  absolutely mental . 
  mental looking at that table . 
  city , down to us , and even southampton , could all completely swap positions . 
  i hate him . 
  cocky bellend . 
  yeah . 
  at least make it ` all apologies ' . 
   i get invited to parties weekly . 
  do n't want to start a shit throwing contest , but against psg , he dove when the goalkeeper came out , edge of the six yard box . 
  new director i think . 
  i 'd prefer masch , though that 's probably my bias speaking , since he was probably my favourite player here when he was . 
  in the aeroplane over the sea . 
  morgan was n't his boss . 
  does it matter on his value to his company ? 
  if i punched anyone , at any job , i 'd expect to be fired . 
   court case was just bad . 
  so 75 % of it ? 
  me and my friends are pretty good at them . 
  because we 're a bunch of 19/20 year olds , whenever we win ( maybe every 1 in 5 ? ), 
  there 's always a bunch of pissy old people drinking non alcoholic becks and tea who say we 've been cheating . 
  cunts . 
  80k apparently . 
  for a 16/17 year old !, 
  i like the kid , but it would be hilarious if he is shite at madrid . 
  i do n't really think people would flock to canada to be fair . 
  australia , yeah . 
  you 'd get millions of oap 's moving over . 
  funnily enough , the most northern accent , ygritte , she has the most posh southern accent irl you 'll ever hear . 
  i always thought the eyrie should have their own seperate accent , since they 're so isolated . 
   data : jim parsons,
