  never bought it ( not a cunt ) , i thought it was just boobies ? 
  affleck looks weird in that movie , i did n't even recognise him . 
  horrific to think my dad and uncle and somewhere in there ... 
  not while lvg is manager . 
  falcao 's got a fifty pence head tonight, 
  can messi do it on a wednesday night at cambridge or something or other, 
  i think everybody 's accumulators might just be fucked up before it 's even saturday, 
  shocking match of football . 
  oh aye , of course i was , pleased with the result and all that . 
  still a poor match though , very little quality . 
  he 's actually not been great this season , one of our better 's , still . 
  but his form has n't been amazing so far . 
  what about for virgin media ? 
  does that have it ? 
  can watch it on ps4 bbc sport app, 
  [ good god ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/b8iwxugccaepwpi.jpg ), 
  edit - this is n't mine , haha !, 
  i 'd have told them to get to fuck , to be honest . 
  hour i can handle , hour and a half and i 'd tell them to not bother . 
  `` wash my moped mate '', 
  i really need to wash mine , but it 's so cold and dark all the time i 've not bothered . 
  he does press , he 's just not very quick . 
  liverpool are still to play ? 
  he was crap in peacetime , but he was a fantastic leader when he was needed . 
  why is he over-rated ? 
  i 'm not american , your roads will be a lot different to here . 
  but if i flash someone to go , i 'll only do it if there 's bad traffic and he 'll be stuck there a while , but i 'd expect the person to make sure it 's safe to go , before he does . 
  when you 're going through lights with traffic ahead , putting your foot down that bit harder will probably cause an accident . 
  you 'll be waiting anyway , do n't go up someone 's arse . 
  just crawl . 
  if someone flashes you , it does n't mean it 's safe to go , just that they 're willing to wait for you to go . 
  approach just as carefully . 
  that 's not true / r/automoderator friendo, 
  it 's horrible . 
  they treat you like vermin , want you to jump through hoops , and all for # 55 a week or something . 
  ... our journalism ? 
  i despise most of our newspapers . 
  the sun/daily mail et al. 
  kenny 's gon na fuck this kid up, 
  a nice trip to dead island, 
  i had some co-op made chocolate , cheap as a whistle , and fuck me it was good . 
  reminded me of how cadbury 's used to taste . 
  [ peaky blinders ssn 2 spoilers ] ( / s `` did anybody else notice the coloured fella in season 2 , ep 3/4 or so , could n't hold his accent ? 
  he kept slipping into scouse . '' ), 
  i do n't mind it when somebody gets behind you and shivs , again that takes skill , but fucking smoking people is so annoying . 
  this is great . 
  the poor cgi , over the top acting , stupid action scenes , the gore . 
  wonderful movie . 
  i swear [ this scene ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5l0mss7x2k ) uses one of those snakes that pops out of a can, 
  loved it . 
  one thing that gets to me is they overplay will 's ability a bit much . 
  cilliam murphy might have wanted a bit of an irish connection in it , due to the time it 's set in , and his roots . 
  not sure i totally agree . 
  i am from the area , you will meet people born in the thicker part of liverpool who 's accent is really thin . 
  it does depend on his parents , really . 
  tagging onto this , the coloured fella in season two 's accent is the worst . 
  he ca n't hold it , he kept slipping into a scouse accent constantly . 
  he was also in some crappy paranormal itv show . 
  vinne jones has to be in it . 
  got ta love some vinnie . 
  poor writing was the main problem i 'd say, 
  rocking the ` tache . 
  my arse 's gone . 
  twice . 
  that 's what you should do . 
  cramps are very common in et , do n't want to be down to 10 . 
  sums him up . 
  sub off our one player who can cross for lambert , then ? 
  he 's really not . 
  he let ivanovic get a free header . 
  coutinho and sterling are the two ones that played well . 
  took off all our wingers for a tall striker . 
  mental logic . 
  lallana at cb ? 
  i 'm not even mad when people take out costa . 
  cunt . 
  costa is still in the pitch ? 
  apart from putting over that sexy cross for hendo ? 
  never seen him jump for a header . 
  balotelli defending for that free kick was unforgivable . 
  done well , kicking was a bit crap though . 
  best thing about breaking my elbow was the pain medication . 
  it was a wonderful time full of sympathy and legal drugs . 
  but people have been saying this on here for months now ... 
  whooping cough ? 
  whenever bbc makes it . 
  not for a while . 
  lallana will be 37 in ten years , 
  i think we 'd have a good team . 
  of course there 'd be plenty in contention who have n't came into our academy yet , but i think we 'd have a good side . 
  goalkeeper would be the only worry , we 'd have to pin our hopes on an elderly mignolet . 
  wisdom , mclaughlin , ojo , can , markovic , moreno , ibe , rossiter , ilori , origi , et al. 
  he and sturridge done really well when coutinho joined us . 
  remember the demolition of newcastle ? 
  got to hope something like that could happen again . 
  suarez was bought to play alongside torres . 
  then torres decided to be a prick , so we went for carroll afterwards . 
  suarez/carroll are completely independent transfers of one another . 
  he clearly was n't mediocre , but how can you say we were ` lucky ' to pick him up that cheap ? 
  you do realise it happens all the time , right , especially from dutch clubs .
