  all you say is completely true , and if i had harrison i know i 'd play him . 
  the reason i have n't bothered crafting him is acidic swamp ooze is a good substitute . 
  divine favour in hunter . 
  iron juggernaut would be fun in rogue ( for mill ), 
  innervate in rogue ( for miracle ), 
  antonidas is rogue, 
  to be fair , it was n't quite as competitive back then which was part of the reason, 
   liverpool beat shit teams for their cls, 
  that shit team real madrid . 
  i want riise when he retires . 
  those free kicks . 
  it 's just a sign of good will . 
  or if they look like they did n't even try . 
  i 've heard it 's not the best , but it 's really cheap and the people are really friendly . 
  what . 
  liverpool 's nightlife has to be one of , if not the very best in the uk . 
  it 's amazing . 
  especially since liverpool 's nightlife is amazing . 
  i 'll admit , like you say , on a weekend at about ~ 4am it 's a hellzone , but goddamn everyone 's had a good night . 
  odd feeling going into this match with no local lads in either team . 
  lucas the playmaker, 
  he came here as an attacking mid , cam , to be fair . 
  rafa turned him into a defensive mid . 
  we really need to find milner 's best position . 
  he 's not been great out wide or in midfield . 
  fucking goal that would have been, 
  hendo 's playing screamers here today, 
  this guy runs like sterling, 
  like to see ibe for lallana . 
  give a shout . 
  he was n't even at fault for the goal . 
  [ oops ] ( http://www.crimerates.co.uk/compare/43/liverpool-merseyside-uk/16/manchester-uk/ ), 
  yeah , if anyone is in doubt , watch mryagut, 
  question is , why would he go through it all ? 
  that 's what the ` upvote ' is for . 
  i done it at a-levels , never touched on it either . 
  we done ww1/ww2 , tudors , victoria 's reign , medicine through time , british politics in the c20 , and also the vietnam war ( for some reason ), 
  `` throw another shrimp on the barbie , mayt '', 
  he 's clearly taking the piss to be fair . 
  and even then , it 's a 1-8 body that can pick off smaller minions, 
  sounds like firminho , to be honest . 
  cou , firm , teixiera all floating about could be good . 
  i got like five pointless answers once in ` actors in star wars ' . 
  though , to be fair i was surprised some of them ended up being pointless , like natalie portman , brian blessed . 
  also got jake lloyd , peter serefinovic ( sp ) and someone else . 
  dirty cunt naismith . 
  c'mon james , i 'm trying really hard to like you man . 
  corners . 
  mignolet should never let one in from that angle . 
  reminds me of the qpr match we had last year . 
  played wank , conceded in injury time , went up the other end and scored . 
  not massively . 
  clarke was only here for like a year and a half . 
  during the end of his time here , we were conceding like nothing else , then too . 
  ` the prestige ' is the name of the movie , and it 's fucking amazing . 
  i played against a priest the other day , he decided to go for broke and drop every minion in his hand , including two clerics . 
  i attacked into his nerubian egg ( that he stole ) , he then holy nova 'd to clear my board and went into fatigue and lost . 
  that has to be the worst way to play cleric . 
   because the examiners are far stricter then . 
  did he give any reason why that is ? 
  does n't make much sense to me tbh . 
  they 're pretty much all i asia though, 
  okay . 
  kinda frustrating him waiting on the edge of the box along with 3 other players for the pull back , instead of getting in the box . 
  he can also be a bit negative . 
  so often he beats a man , swivels 180 and waits for a lay off . 
  alex + malygos + anything , too, 
  malygos + faceless + alex + soulfire, 
  oh yeah , but that 's the best i could come up with off the top of my head, 
  fair enough on soaps , but panel shows are one of the greatest things we 've done . 
  thing is if he laid off the weights he would n't as famous a player . 
  fifa kids love him and all their beast fc/beast ut with akinfenwa up top etc. 
  it 's almost as if he wanted it to be his shtick, 
  next stop : geordie shore . 
  do n't think op is watchmojo, 
  he was great when he came into the team , if he was n't injured i 'd think he 'd be our starting striker right now . 
  is this something which actually happens ? 
  ca n't say i 've ever seen it . 
  that one dickhead who takes over the music and refuses to budge . 
  meatballs, 
  colonies getting rowdy again i see . 
  the people are rude , things are expensive . 
  lovely sights , and a disney land, 
  hull, 
  nevermind another bank holiday , we 'll get ages off probably . 
  are you telling me you do n't want to go to the [ cultural capital ] ( http://hull2017.co.uk/ ), 
  it was honestly like a movie when i went there . 
  people on bikes with baguettes strapped to their back . 
  to be fair , i 'm in the uk , underage drinking is a lot more chilled to the point of concern, 
  you 're still surprised at us fluffing chances ? 
  we 've been doing it for a year and half now . 
  we 've played well considering , but west ham have been pretty bad to be honest . 
  god i 'd love a goalscorer . 
  not even a striker , a centre back who can score a few a season would be a step up . 
  great in aggro matches i find, 
  no point saying this . 
  you just know the first five comments will just be movie quotes . 
   but the movie of our generation ? 
  i do n't think so, 
  ... who said that ?
