  lorewalker cho master race, 
  the movie her will become a documentary, 
  injuries finally caught up with him after the world cup , at first i thought it was just he did n't want to play under hodgson but it was soon obvious he lost that burst of pace, 
  you sick fuck, 
  [ does he win?m dies . 
  which was the villain 's entire purpose . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  completely different and i imagine about 1 % as strong , but first time i had weed brownies i did n't realise how strong they 'd be compared to joints . 
  had a brownie , felt fine , had a few more . 
  half hour later i was in a different dimension . 
  felt like i was in that weird space place from interstellar . 
  we have a big `` no outside food sign on the podium '' but no one gives a shit , people do n't even hide it , they walk through with their unbranded popcorn and 3l pepsi and no one cares, 
  personally , i do n't care if a 12 y.o buys a ticket then sneaks into an 18 . 
  i ca n't get in trouble for it because i did n't admit them . 
  win/win . 
  no sheyi ojo , shame . 
  i 'll always remember nani doing his juggling vs arsenal, 
  what a great manager could have done to that team . 
  instead it was eriksson and mclaren, 
  so do r/conspiracy, 
  well he is only human, 
  that 's a name i have n't heard in a while . 
  and it 's always the bloody politics students . 
  damn . 
  i usually get bored after two promotions . 
  was it easy with cheltenham ? 
  i 'm trying to find a conference/l2 team to choose , but i 'm really picky . 
  yeah , i live near warrington , supporters of loads of teams there . 
  it 's weird . 
  brosnan is one of the favourite bonds solely down to goldeneye . 
  in my top 3 bond movies , easily . 
   hence they are the ones most sore about usa calling themselves the greatest, 
  not really , no one from britain when it was the ` greatest ' it still alive . 
  it just makes americans who say it seriously sound annoying and stuck up, 
  he was n't bad , he just was n't given much to work with . 
  as average as the movie is , the acting is good . 
  shane long has scored consistently against me since about fm10 . 
  hate the fucker . 
  using tranmere . 
  doing pretty well , middle december and i 'm top by a few points . 
  main worry is taylor fletchers contract runs out in december, 
  we just have a small aisle in tesco for american sweets stuff, 
  nelson mandela too apparently ... 
  iirc it also helped us to start our nhs, 
  city must be fucking sick of phil, 
  really wan na see robbie score a screamer . 
  that 's a fucking incredible goal, 
  `` we all dream of a team of sterling 's kids , a team of sterling 's kids ... '', 
  not toure ? 
  i have a weird phobia of owls . 
  i read ` community ' , and watched twin peaks and stuff . 
  fourth kind was the final nail in the coffin . 
  owls . 
  the soundtrack was great , the acting , for a small movie was surprisingly good . 
  it was very tense , when they were walking it was pretty creepy . 
  few good jump scares , too . 
  i loved it . 
  not even chucky ? 
  yes , yes i did . 
  been watching community recently . 
  frazzled my brain . 
  few years since i watched it , but did n't they burn them ? 
  no he had a poor half of season before he left us . 
  i 'll be honest , i 've seen about three in my life . 
  think klopp will wan na see what he can do . 
  i do , too . 
  did n't get a fair chance last year . 
  seems so mental reading this , then looking at the prem table, 
  no ones came to see it in the cinema i work at . 
  not one person, 
  cho and codlight oracle is something i really wan na do, 
  and paramount comedy, 
  we give it a half hour into the movie after the adverts , if there 's no one in there we turn it off . 
  sometimes when it 's slow , i 'll ` forget ' to turn it off and go in and watch a bit , if it looks decent . 
  i ` forgot ' to turn off steve jobs and ` burnt ' a few times, 
  must be , always forget it 's called it though . 
  i was pleased when they changed dave +1 to dave ja vu, 
  i 'd be five . 
  that might look a bit odd if i invested in stock ... 
  and woollier part of cheshire , too, 
  i got him in my 50 packs from tgt . 
  i still like him , but it 's too random most of the time . 
  ca n't play him late game with control , pushes you into fatigue . 
  do n't wan na play him at turn 10 , still have plenty of battlecry minions in your deck . 
  living the dream though when you pull belcher , ysera and rag, 
  there was talk of him being cast in inglorious basterds , that would have been good . 
  i 'd like to see what a great director could do with him . 
  how ? 
  he 's famous , and popular , sure . 
  but he 's not exactly thought of as being a great actor , he 's a good actor , and a great writer . 
  he 's a funny guy , who writes great tv shows , just so happens he is an adequate actor , and occasionally acts . 
  i 'm glad affleck 's being revered now for his directing . 
  why would there be ? 
  when he left us , that single transfer made us wank for about four years . 
  we 'll be looking for a new keeper , but if / u/thehospitalbombers is right about his distribution , not sure we 'll go for him, 
  still disappointed it never worked out with us . 
  i was thrilled when we got him , so cheaply too . 
  thought he 'd be great for us . 
  if he 'd have joined us with rafa in charge , he 'd have been great . 
  still seems like a nice bloke , even if he 's a manc,
