  no , nothing like navas at all . 
  i hate that bloody soccerbot at the top of new . 
  no one replies to it . 
  skrtel 's just not that good anymore . 
  love the guy , but kolo 's been better this year . 
  i thought milner was n't any good in centre midfield at first , but now i think it 's just rodgers did n't know how to use him . 
  actually hit his hand before going out, 
  that was never a pen though . 
  oh i know , but lots in here calling for it, 
  clyne is the corner winning machine, 
  the gfuck in, 
  clyne 's flying down the wing, 
  way offside , just annoying as he did n't even touch it . 
  foresight and all that, 
  why was firmino waiting whilst obviously offside ? 
  catching is different from saving . 
  well fuck me , moreno you soft cunt, 
  moreno decided too much power on the ball from kolo and moved out the way ? 
  no , 5 teams iirc, 
  he was cheaper than that iirc, 
  what the fuck moreno do your job, 
  yellowing a player coming off for timewasting is just useless . 
  depends on where you live , really . 
  here in england there are some fucking terrible turns , sure there are in other places . 
  the road i live on , you do more than ~ 7mph you 're certainly going to end up on the wrong side of the road , with it being a blind turn , you have no idea if there 's a car approaching around the turn, 
  do n't think so , really . 
  kolo , skrtel , lucas , benteke i 'd expect to be leaving . 
  we 're looking at a goalkeeper , left back , centre back , centre mid and attacking mid , it looks like . 
  ( karius , hector , zielinski , gotze ) , with matip already joining . 
  if you 're managing a dominant team then you 'll be unlikely to win moty because it 's not a huge achievement . 
  like a frenchman ? 
  quelle ? 
  there were rumours last year, 
  that 's assuming we do n't sign any strikers in the next two years ? 
  i 'm not bothered about it to be honest , he did n't look anything special when i seen him . 
  he may turn out well , may not . 
  as it is , not a huge loss . 
  he wanted sanchez and lambert . 
  it was balotelli who was forced on him . 
  sanchez did n't wan na join us , so it was balo or no one . 
  a long way too . 
  done the widnes/newcastle drive a few times and the traffic can be disgusting, 
  in bruges/seven psychopaths/trainspotting , come to mind . 
  started on the beeb the other week , the first episode of season 3 is one of the best so far . 
  i 'd expect him to be number one a lot sooner than that, 
  do n't forget armageddon , hot fuzz , and the dark knight , too, 
  so who are the rumours on his replacement ? 
  yeah , we wanted him too . 
  l'equipe broke the initial ban so it 's legit, 
  no one done liverpool yet ? 
  the nightlife is incredible , there 's always something on . 
  has some great architecture and sights , people are generally friendly , has great food . 
  work in a cinema . 
  pro 's ; free movies , free posters , small cinema so get to know everyone . 
  some customers are great , respectful , pleasant people . 
  do n't need to wake up early . 
  cons ; low wage , unreliable hours , dealing with rude people constantly , cleaning up after filthy cunts , peak times can be ridiculously busy , cleaning up sick/urine occasionally . 
  hate when players argue over pens like that . 
  only wanted to take it so he could take his shirt off and advertise his whole beast mode stuff, 
  they do have money , they just have n't needed to spend it as there 's little competition . 
  they do n't wan na go the way of rangers, 
  the inconveniencing is probably my favourite , but they 're all so good, 
  never seen the show , no idea if this is real or not , but if it is that 's a dicky comment . 
   tell yer mum she gave a right old shaggin last night, 
  makes no sense, 
  not an insult tho, 
   tell yer mum she gave a right good old shaggin last night, 
  that 'd have made sense, 
  so it made sense ... 
  probably better to name teams rather than the sport itself . 
  millwall fans , for example . 
  yeah played park and rafael in centre mid once instead of him, 
  or someone dropped a plate in school . 
  we 're not used to it in the uk . 
  we only get about 2 weeks of summer , and our summer will be your october weather i 'd imagine . 
  wo n't be very often france have a player on the bench who plays in mexico huh, 
  like the look of stanciu . 
  only heard of him from fm , but he looks decent so far . 
   it really does seem like 40 minutes were cut out of the movie . 
  this was the thing which i could n't get past . 
  it felt to me like it was n't just 2/3 minute scenes here and there that was cut , but just a 30/40 minute chunk right in the middle of the movie . 
  my work hours and my mate 's availability means i only get to go about once every fortnight , but i love it . 
  every alley will have a league , i know mine does . 
  i 'd join it if my mates liked it as much as i do . 
  wimbledon will be on soon too , so no pointless for a while, 
  mate i 'm english and feel the same way about a lot of the people who go tournies like that . 
  i get that a lot of it 's the russians causing shit , but it 's still kind of embarrassing some of the shit they get up to . 
  get the gurkha 's in, 
  honestly , if you tried hard enough to find a gun in the uk you 'd be able to . 
  if he 'd been planning something like this for long enough , he definitely could have found one unfortunately . 
  yeah i do that too , think people understand as to why though . 
  most of the people who stay feel guilty and pick up their shit too, 
  shadows of the damned, 
  your cinemas are open that late ? 
  dog soldiers . 
  gruesome and great humour, 
  the fourth kind and evolution too, 
  one i work , last movie will be out by 11/11 :30 . 
  only a small town to be fair, 
  it 's the manager 's job to put together the adverts usually , so it 'll be their fault .
