  for myself , i hate the curtains to be open a crack , i just feel like i 'll turn around and see someone 's eye looking back at me, 
  just noticed your t-shirt ... fuck yes , that 's a immediate 10/10 !, 
  he signed three years ago . 
  ian does n't have boobs !, 
  interview here http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/football/16512668.stm ? 
  my faith in this subreddit was lost long , long ago ... now i just come here for the lols . 
  from what i 've read of it so far , sophie 's world . 
  it 'll open up your mind , you 'll see the world in a whole new light . 
  `` who 's hitler ? '', 
  three weeks into year 8 history classes . 
  say that again ? 
  he 's never really had injury problems , and his pace is not his biggest asset . 
  i see him continuing for a while, 
  the friendship bonds on bf3 can be magical . 
  do n't forget about the people who pretend to be hacked for attention, 
  yawn , the mirror , seriously ? 
  do n't believe that crap . 
  not only that , common sense that he 's far too old for us to buy anyway , and thank god , he 's distinctly average . 
  what was your first experience in cannibalism ? 
  also , do you do it to people with their consent ? 
  okay , okay , your idea 's better !, 
  he would n't be sold to us . 
  no way . 
  he 's been average this season , i 'd rather we sign nathan dyer , he actually does stuff other than score penalties, 
  now imagining zoidberg rocking out in rebecca black 's car, 
  signed for all members of my family , and 4 different email accounts . 
  sweet smell of justice !, 
  this is n't just for football and liverpool fans remember , it 's for society !, 
  basically over 20 years ago a football tragedy happened , where too many fans were in a stand , and 96 died from it , others had emotional and physical scars , some ca n't talk about it to this day . 
  my dad and uncle were in it , they 're both alright to talk about it luckily . 
  but the goverment at the time basically did n't give a shit , the pm had to be told to attend a memorial for it . 
  the whole case for this lady 's sons inquest was corrupted , to prevent the truth getting out , they put the wrong cause of death , she wants the inquest to be re-done so the truth can get out . 
  anyone saying they 're just one person plugging the petition , that is n't true , they 're all different accounts from one website . 
  i 'm one of them . 
  more ? 
  why do birds , suddenly appear , everytime you are near ? 
  he says that like chelsea are definite top 4 finishers . 
  oh my god you so funny where do you come up with this ? 
  hahahahaha, 
  eh , it was a bad performance , but it was just papering over the cracks for the matches before this . 
  fact is we need a new striker , and a winger that can , well , you know , actually cross the ball . 
  i think in centre midfield we 'll be fine if spearing is played there . 
  also i hope carroll is sold asap , i genuinely thought he 'd be great for us , but he fails at the basics of football . 
  enrique is amazing . 
  henderson has bee steady , only young , but steady . 
  adam played well up until december . 
  tremors . 
  it looked so cheesy , tacky , and badly made , but it had kevin bacon in and i watched it . 
  it is really tacky , but it 's good !, 
  that was boss . 
  atmosphere was boss too , and the redknapp and neville chants from city were quality, 
  stephen hawking . 
  because , fuck it 's stephen hawking , no one will fight a disabled guy . 
  weed , when i was out with my mates only last year . 
  had a few spliffs , and then the moment of clarity where i seen the world for how it is ... then went to mcdonalds and make a vodka mcflurry . 
  `` everyone in this school is going to hell because you do n't believe in god like i do '', 
  surprisingly tasty , the mcstaff did n't appreciate it though . 
  because fuck you humans . 
  you need to go to work , they can sleep all day after you leave , so they piss you off while you 're home . 
  complex minds of pets . 
  been watching cops ? 
  fa officials , workers , players friends , family , rich folk etc that sort of stuff . 
  i think spurs have a better squad than arsenal , but they could still implode on themselves yet . 
  but i think spurs will finish third , despise their really questionable transfer dealings . 
  i mean , at least they 're signing people , unlike arsenal , who , well without van persie would probably struggle for top six . 
  if he gets injured , it 's chamakh , henry , and park . 
  and they do n't really have the all-round players who will score them from midfield or defence . 
  so close to the top four now , which is quite amazing considering how many games we 've drawn . 
  once we hit a run , which we [ i ] will [ / i ] do , when we start scoring for fun , with our strikers looking good now , hopefully we can establish a gap above chelsea/arsenal . 
  i think we 're the most stable club , without rvp , arsenal are shit , and with avb and few quality players , chelsea are shit . 
  to be honest , gerrard 's always been better than lampard . 
  he 's so much more of an all round player than lampard , lampard takes free kicks , gets them deflected into the middle of the net . 
  pretty much it . . 
  tries his heart out , tackles like a baws , tidy in possession . 
  he 's a really good back-up to lucas , it 's no coincidence when he plays we keep clean sheets . 
  do n't forget a trip round the docks , to the beatles museum , and then walk into liverpool one and look around the shops , especially the liverpool one . 
  to get tickets , contact the club , if you 're visiting liverpool you may 's well go all out while you 're there and get legit club-bought tickets . 
  they should n't be too hard to get if you act early . 
  you know , i live in liverpool , but i never actually go to all the places available :p, 
   i 've been looking for a place where to post this without getting too, 
  much attention . 
  to the front page with you !, 
  as a liverpool fan , i 'd rather he retire from internationals . 
  he always seems to pick up injuries for england , but hey , that 's my personal ` fuck international football ' view . 
  i think gerrard would love to be england captain , though . 
  dream house . 
  fuck me that was terrible . 
  you know what i really want in a girl ? 
  sweden . 
  highest atheism in the world , i believe . 
  god yes, 
  tremors !, 
  it does n't leave my dvd player . 
  the media would n't give him a chance . 
  he 's far too good for the fa , hope they get roy hodgson . 
  they deserve each other, 
  this is what i hate about living in the uk , no where sells adventure time stuff . 
  i have the same problem , except the ass hurting is the main reason i have so much money . 
  if i believe someone made false accusations about me , i would n't shake his hand . 
  hand shake 's should of been abandoned like with anton ferdinand .
