  just ... beautiful . 
  fulham defended ridiculously well all game . 
  you spelt joe allen wrong for ` future captain ' question by the way, 
  never thought in my life i 'd see this show on / r/netflixbestof or netflix in general . 
  what 's next , antique roadshow ? 
  jon 's a constant reminder to her of how her husband cheated on her . 
  this is marked no spoilers , so i wo n't say any more , but she was a grieved , loving mother . 
  while back someone posted on / r/gunners talking about actual guns, 
  except i 'm pretty certain she was never vicious like that , any time beforehand . 
  she resented him , but it 's fair enough because he 's not her child . 
  she allowed him to stay with them , it 's not like she was going to become his adopted mum and love him , but she never threw him to the cold , she never hurt him . 
  [ asos ] ( #b `` within a very small timespan , cat lost her husband , both her daughters and sons . 
  all she had left was robb , and potentially sansa . 
  if you blame her for ruining robb 's war charge then i just do n't know what to say . '' ), 
  which is completely unverified, 
  same , but to be fair ive never watched basketball, 
  has n't this pretty much been solved , it was just that they got hypothermia and started acting oddly ? 
  `` i 'm just going to hack into the mainframe '' ten seconds of typing later - walla ! -, 
  this is also known as ` steven moffat 's career ', 
  a lot of people i know are n't particularly fond of ` travellers ' but it 's not something which ever comes up in conversation , and it 's not something widespread of hate . 
  exactly , that 's one of the things i remember reading , which would explain why they all stripped . 
  iirc it 's because the brain starts to freeze and not work properly , so their thoughts and inhibitions get all shitty, 
  can i ask how wisdom has been ? 
  i 've been hearing plenty of good things about him since he 's been with your lot . 
  agreed . 
  we wo n't get stability until we tie him down for even longer . 
  he 's proved already he 's more than up for it , and he should here for many more years . 
  i 'm english , i 'm allowed to butcher the french language, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ damn ^ ^ ^ ^ french ... 
  loved slumdog millionaire in the cinema , rewatched it and i was bored to tears, 
  i always think of love actually and afterlife, 
  but this is a football subreddit . 
  op was n't claiming a larger political statement , just pointing out what the swiss team would be like . 
  but the vat on tobacco products makes more for , than it costs the nhs, 
  wrong country, 
  fancy seeing you here anders, 
  you have to pay to park at your tesco ? 
  rats !, 
  not the revenue !, 
  anything but the revenue !, 
  would n't it be moscow , because that 's where the vast majority of russians live iirc ? 
  sorry , meant the western part , in europe, 
  ` near liverpool ' here, 
  this is also called ` the djibril cisse ', 
  lolno, 
  forgetting for a moment that 's genuinely just the shell of his former self , and was in his last few months here , we do n't need him . 
  we have younger , far better strikers , on a lower wage, 
  he did get kicked an awful lot , and had plenty of injuries to be fair, 
  two mini-series , to be precise , and a third in the works, 
  iirc they were planning on just doing ' 86 , then ' 90 , but decided to do '88 because they thought it 'd be too big of a gap between them . 
  think ' 90 's still ages off though , unfortunately, 
  for arguments sake , whether you think that 's our best defence or not , brendan definitely seems to favour skrtel over agger at this stage, 
  he 's been on the bench a lot this season , agger . 
  skrtel 's been scoring a lot recently , more than agger , when he 's played , so i do n't really get your comment on attacking-wise . 
  skrtel 's made about as many mistakes as agger usually does . 
  but for me the main reason i think we 'll see skrtel over agger , is that skrtel is right footed , whereas agger is left footed . 
  managers really do n't seem to like playing two left footed , or right footed cb 's when they get the choice not to . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love agger , but i really do n't think he 'll be first choice when he comes back, 
  happiness with philip seymour hoffman, 
  to be honest , there was n't much luck . 
  it was a penalty all day long if that 's what you 're referring to, 
  people do n't really quote sotd much , it 's not like the it crowd where people constantly quote it, 
  only a few are 24/7 , the one near me closes at 11, 
  widnes here . 
  i confirm the name, 
  or when you wake up in the middle of the night , think it 's morning , then realise you can go back to sleep for a few more hours, 
  snow days, 
  she seems really nice too , which helps . 
  hot 'n' cold is so catchy, 
  it seems a lot of kid stars get off the wagon , i think cyrus wo n't to be honest . 
  she 's using her sexuality to promote herself , but i do n't see any big drug scandals or anything to come out of her, 
  let 's go to the be-each let 's go to the bay, 
  going past there is like walking past a bomb sight . 
  i went carmel simply because all the colleges in widnes/runcorn just look like shit tips, 
  bloke in work said a lorry toppled over on it but i think it was bs, 
  oh i like the show a lot , i think it 's really funny , but the same three quotes get constantly used on reddit as if it 's the epitome of original , groundbreaking humour, 
  i 'm english too , but i do n't really see it quoted on reddit too often to be honest, 
  could someone eli5 how the debt would be split up ? 
  corrie and jeremy kyle, 
  which would mean they 'd lose a lot of credibility as a nation immediately , then , and a lot would n't want to do business with them then ? 
  cheers for that, 
  i get the feeling robert englund just goes across the world and does this exact thing to everybody , just because . 
  it 's quite good again now , to be honest . 
  went downhill for a while , but it 's finding its feet again . 
  `` chino 's and jumpers , chino 's and jumpers ... '', 
  i used to watch them every evening , but the channel it was on got cancelled . 
  really ought to watch through them all, 
  i thought it was okay . 
  my problem is that toward the end they just shoved in a load of parts from the first one , slightly different . 
  really enjoyed this one . 
  plenty of bits wrong with it , but it did n't drag out quite as much as the first one . 
  the bard storyline is just useless though . 
  if you 've seen any disaster movie , you 've seen 2012 . 
  god knows why cusack agreed to be in that, 
  first one was decent , second was horseshit, 
  avatar , or last airbender ? 
  the first one stayed relatively true to the sh theme , the second one shat on it, 
  agreed , the only reason it 's my preferred meat is because it takes 2 minutes to cook, 
  daaanger zone, 
  or `` how did you come back alive ? '',
