  does resorvoir dogs count ? 
  if so , that . 
  dream house !, 
  awful movie , made worse by a huge spoiler in the trailer, 
  honestly shocked , i thought the draws vs villa and wba would have put us about 7th or so . 
  goddamn those silly points, 
  and the fucking non penalty from that blert who should n't have even been on the pitch !, 
   itv, 
  have the been bought out by apple ? 
  can someon eli5 this brian thing ? 
  you must not have been up to much today then, 
  probably doing insurance adverts a-la iggy pop, 
  i watched it all the other week , and everyone said it ended a bit poor , and ssn 4 was awful . 
  i enjoyed it all , i only have a few problems with ssn 4 ( wtf is starbuck ? ), 
  but it 's all gold, 
  i love them all so much , but i find the only one i can watch constantly is fotr . 
  worded that badly , i mean that as much as i adore them all , fotr is the one i find myself looking forward to most when re-watching the trilogy, 
  are you sure you 're a fan of the ` bpl ' , when you call it that ? 
  should not have lost that match . 
  sturridge had his worst game i 've seen him . 
  webb was pretty awful . 
  for both sides . 
  really ? 
  quantity does n't equal quality ... 
  by ` crazy ' do you mean sensible ? 
  i get too pissed to function when someone queue jumps, 
  recently my villa team in the championship were ravaged by injuries , sitting 10th , about 3/4 through the season , next 16 games we won 15 , drew 1 , and flew through the play offs . 
  it 's the little moments like that were you just go mental, 
  fm09 ( iirc ) i 've spent 1400 odd hours on it ... 
  can i ask why you think it 's difficult to root for jax ? 
  fair enough , he has his moments , but compared to most of the other people mentioned he seems much more likable . 
  my vote goes for sookie stackhouse . 
  he got so close to that too !, 
  easy now ... 
  i knew one guy who used one , but it seemed so pointless , he got it a few days before his eighteenth birthday , and here you can drink when you 're 18, 
  what changed your mind ? 
  to be fair , lucas barely played under rafa . 
  it was only in his last season lucas became anything more than a bit of a liability . 
  talking about the spine of a team , it 's important not to forget just how good steve finnan was for us for three years . 
  that lad was ridiculously consistent and solid, 
  i just went down town earlier , went into my local game and bought one . 
  seems plenty here, 
  he even beat both of them in an attack , too . 
  lad works his legs off every game, 
  good as barkley 's been , he would be work well in a centre midfield with gerrard . 
  he should be the second choice after rooney , in his position , surely, 
  i think if you watched the second one , or the third one before the first , you 'd probably like that one . 
  then when you see the other two in whatever order , you 'd think it was just repetitive . 
  i do n't really think the first was much if any better than the other two , in all honesty . 
  i think you should n't turn down the opportunities to sign the best players , but priorities first are not strikers . 
  united saw the chance to sign rvp , even though they did n't want him a few months earlier , but the chance came , they got him . 
  should be like that with us , right now we do n't need another world class striker too badly , but if diego costa , for example , came on the market , you should absolutely go for him . 
  but in the meantime , try for a lb/cm and a winger, 
  i still have the best of chums vhs , it 's sitting proudly on my shelf next to me, 
  henderson - what a flop !, 
  vorm is really small for a goalie, 
  he 's so hot and cold , that 's his problem . 
  he can do something amazing , score a beauty , then five minutes later forget which side he 's playing for . 
  if he became more consistent , then yeah he could be great , but that 's a big something to overcome . 
  good lord we 're a difficult team to support this season , but fuck it we won . 
  fair play to swansea , they played really well . 
  not sure why de guzman was taken off ? 
  hazard , suarez , sturridge , mertesacker , negredo . 
  in the football league , dae hard team to support ? 
  ( we could keep going all day ), 
  it 's different from what i expected , but it was n't too bad . 
  not great , poorly wrote , did n't know what type of show it wanted to be , but there was some decent bits in it, 
  they did that for a lot of the early season, 
  love it if we got him , wo n't happen if course but still . . 
  yup , it was really handy . 
  saved me downloading it, 
  i thought it would have been higher to be honest , with the cast and all the cgi and stuff, 
  i think every uni is full of irish students you know . 
  for some reason the flairs in liverpool seems to be the gathering point of irish people, 
  i like the first three to be honest , there was a gradual , unsignificant decline imo . 
  season four was a monstrosity , five and six were better but unspectacular . 
  i 'm just bored of sookie and tara , and even lafayette is boring since his character shift, 
  something like their distribution base was destroyed or something ? 
  very harsh on kolo . 
  had a few shaky games after a good start . 
  martin as in russell martin ? 
  i quite like him . 
  sidwell and kim seems harshish too . 
  personally i 'd put rodallega and cisse in over van wolfswinkel , too . 
  yeah that 's true , apologies . 
  though , to be fair , cisse started the last game . 
  but he 's also not a starter, 
  one of my favourite shows . 
  the only thing james corden 's been in which i 've liked . 
  really sweet , cleverly humorous , and not too long . 
  could watch it all in a day, 
  i think they care more about staying true to the source material , then worrying about her age . 
  they should have killed tara, 
  i was so surprised when i found out we 're the only country which really eats them !, 
  they 're so multi purpose , take seconds to make , and are cheap and delicious, 
  if you do n't have pace , you need strength . 
  he has neither, 
  can we get a gif of smalling falling over in slo mo there ? 
  he had a few injuries that season , then when we finished poorly and chelsea came in for him , he decided to jump ship . 
  he was so good in ' 09 , and i have great memories of him , but it was bound to happen,
