  only if you 're not directly alongside someone else . 
  same for australia , england , france , belgium , netherlands et al, 
  bit of a cunt are n't ya ? 
  i really want gadgets hoodie, 
  the title and cliche description put me off for years , but it 's a great movie . 
  did n't expect it to be so emotional, 
  that phrase was the most searched question on google in 2012 apparently . 
  wonder if it was about the song or not . . 
  rodgers is a dead man walking . 
  has been since the summer . 
  that 's why i still do n't understand why he was juror on , as soon as we hit bad form again all the knives would come out , and it 's happened . 
  not winning any trophies under him in three years , and getting pumped far too often than a club like us should do . 
  the fans have turned , the owners are keeping him to try and add some stability to the club , whilst every year selling half of our team and replacing them . 
  when he does go , we 'll interview klopp , but ultimately i 'm not sure who the owners wound go for . 
  the new bloke is n't as friendly as the old girl , he 's more demanding, 
  well if england does lose the fourth spot arsenal will just start finishing third every season, 
  and us tenth, 
  well if it was united or arsenal they 'd have no long term issues , they 've got too big of a fan base , reputation and too much money for it to massively affect them . 
  they could well finish top three the next year . 
  chelsea and city will be fine too due to their billionaire owners, 
  so from birth ? 
  yeah i 'm confused too . 
  i 've been surprised how poor he 's been bar villa match, 
  who needs yaya toure when you have abou diaby, 
  not saying he 's not worth it , ai n't used him myself yet . 
  but there 's got ta be better for a lot cheaper . 
  fonte for example is great and only 4k, 
  how often are you hit ? 
  that movie has one of the best soundtracks . 
  sweet emotion , no more mr nice guy , paranoid , free ride etc, 
  i just go for the classic ` southern fairy ', 
  frustrating , ai n't he ? 
  did n't look a dive at first to me, 
  why do n't refs ever give two penalties to the same team in a match ? 
  you think that was a dive ? 
  clearly not a dive . 
  can still be a dive even if there 's contact . 
  that , though was a penalty, 
  yeah , that was n't a dive . 
  also bmg are a counter attacking side , and a damn good one . 
  if that 'd work , owen would have been out of work two years ago, 
  was n't he brought in very late to direct alien 3 ? 
  can you compare rossiter to teixiera ? 
  rossiters a defensive mid . 
  try going to a pound bakery ... 
  i dunno buddy , i 'm from liverpool and there 's loads for tourists to do . 
  the nightlife here is amazing . 
  really glad he 's not been called up . 
  think ings is gon na get a lot of flak for being called up , but he has been playing well . 
  not sure it 's completely deserved so quickly , but he has been good . 
   people who watched it from the time it came out still recognize that it was one of the best shows ever made . 
  i do n't . 
  do n't get me wrong , first two seasons are stunning . 
  third is good , then it goes downhill quickly for me and i just found it a chore watching it in the end . 
  if they done a ` firefly ' and got cancelled after two seasons i might feel different . 
  do n't think they wanted to split all the characters up , think they just could n't get them all together too often, 
  it 's two for a pound mate, 
  seen a load of swiss blokes in liverpool one before . 
  only now has it clicked in my mind why ... 
  that 's so liverpool to concede against sion . 
  mate we basically have narcolepsy the amount of times we 're caught sleeping, 
  that guy 's called ebenezer . 
  what a cool name . 
  as much as i 'm not confident any time we play nowadays , i ca n't see us not winning this game based off how sion have played so far, 
  you 're one to talk ... 
  three defensive mids , too, 
  braga , zenit and besiktas knocking us out last times in europe . 
  six years ago we demolished real madrid 5-0 on aggregate . 
  mignolet 's not the biggest problem right now , but if we have serious ambitions we 've got ta improve on him . 
  bogdan wo n't be the answer to that . 
  did do well in the cup match though . 
  do n't forget about beating besiktas 8-0 in 2007/8 , few years later getting knocked out by them . 
  even in our poor season under rafa we just got knocked out by atletico led by sergio aguero . 
  now teams like sion are troubling us, 
  `` moar midfielders i say mooooore '', 
  been saying that for three years, 
  i wish lallana would n't hold onto the ball for so long , and turn back and forth . 
  should try pass it earlier, 
  i 'm a critic of allen , but i do n't think he 's been * that * bad, 
  panic stations already . 
  coutinho coming on . 
  nothing to do with them being swiss , they 're just not that good . 
  was n't le classy enough for le michael owen, 
   cant win a fucking swiss team, 
  christ , did the owner put them up for a bet ? 
  he must have been confident, 
  we expect mediocrity from everton though, 
  well yeah , carlisle did . 
  beat the traffic usually . 
  i 've done it in the past . 
  can be the difference between an hours traffic and ~ 10 mins . 
  to be honest , i do n't blame the fans for wanting to miss us this season anyway, 
  predictable performance and result . 
  soft at the back , only one natural finisher and he 's rested . 
  no midfield bite or cutting edge . 
  boos are incredibly rare . 
  some at the end of rafa 's reign , constant under hodgson and one or two at the end of kenny 's reign . 
  sure sign we 've had enough . 
  [ was he living next door to aki ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4ihnqru-ju ),
