  these lists are always a bit too down to interpretation . 
  sahin is rightfully there , though . 
  barry town , is that on the island ? 
  he was injured for about 3/4 the season , goddamn , if you 'd be out that long and then come back and kick arse you 're something special . 
  finished it , it 's wonderful . 
  not sure on the ending . 
  he 's on 75k a week . 
  he 's not worth that . 
  if his contract is fulfilled , he will cost more than andy carroll 's transfer fee . 
  let that sink in . 
  he will never be worth 35 million . 
  probably 4-0 demolition of real madrid , in ' 09 . 
  finished it yesterday , it 's brilliant throughout . 
  multiplayer is fun too . 
  it 's the same if you have a mushroom , wait for it to drop , then boost for your life, 
  why ? 
  finished it yesterday , it 's terrific . 
  multiplayer is oddly fun too . 
  i 'm getting a wii u early next month , so games for that . 
  monster hunter , etc. 
  i disagree . 
  influential ? 
  sure . 
  but most of the them contain the same general information . 
  ` love thy neighbour ' . 
  all the noah 's ark shit and saul 's conversion is all just filler , and non cognitive stories to keep kids interested . 
  i do n't see how reading the entire thing will be a good decision , everyone knows what basically goes on in the scriptures . 
  i 'd rather recommend plato 's republic . 
  i do n't , personally , care for an ` intellectual advantage ' . 
  i 'm quite happy having my own views on the world and morality . 
  i do n't need some scripture to tell me basic morals about life , which stories like little red riding hood already told me . 
  i think most of religion scripture is basic knowledge to be honest . 
  ` love thy neighbour ' , respect life etc. 
  more often , yes . 
  but being successful is not what i want to get out of my years of life . 
  i 'd be much more pleased having led a happy life , than a successful one . 
  on your deathbed you wo n't wonder `` did i make profits ? 
  was i successful ? '', 
  you 'll ask yourself `` did i lead a good/happy/moral life ? '' . 
  this is partly the reason i dislike capitalism as much as i do , it 's `` make profit '' mentality is a vile attitude . 
  not sure i how i got onto political ideologies from a religion debate , though ... 
  debate * about * religion then . 
  elaborate . 
  fair enough , i do understand . 
  but personally i do n't think the fact something has relevance is reason alone to read something . 
  well the bible generally counteracts itself often because it was wrote by multiple people through multiple ages . 
  there 's loads of rape and murder but to tl ; dr the bible 's ethics , i 'd just say, 
  tl ; dr love thy neighbour, 
  nietzsche was a bad ass , he 's filled with wonderful quotes . 
  `` and those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music . '', 
  of course i 've never read it , most people will never read it word-for-word in their lifetime . 
  reading a lengthy book about a god i do n't believe in seems like a lost cause to me . 
  i have no need to read it , all of the stories in the bible are just not meant to be taken literally in my opinion , they 're all non cognitive . 
  reading a big arse book because it makes me ` well-rounded ' or understand references every so often is n't worth it . 
  there 's no obligation to read the bible , whether religious or not , it 's not part of being a christian , and it wo n't teach me anything i want to know . 
  i 'd definitely argue plato 's republic shares more truths , and it pre-dates christianity . 
  shame more people do n't base their beliefs off his teachings . 
  loads of ai 's you meet throughout it interact with ellie though unfortunately . 
  finished it friday , i 'm pretty certain she 's not part of joel 's imagination, 
  american beauty and fight club too . 
   most of the bible is really about morals and good living . 
  that 's exactly what i said in the first place . 
   there are so many references everywhere to it . 
  it 's awesome to be able to understand them all . 
  probably true , but it 's the same for everything . 
  since it seems to be coming up a lot via me , plato 's ideas , for example are very popular in pop culture . 
  the matrix , american beauty , fallout 3 , the truman show , fight club , mumford and sons ` the cave ' etc etc are all based on plato 's ideas , but it would be difficult to know such without having basic prior knowledge of plato . 
  but no prior knowledge about the references does not deter from when you consume these media . 
  much like the bible , just because you watch a simpsons episode based loosely around a christian story or something , understanding the reference does n't improve you . 
   you are being ignorant to any references , because you are too stuck in your ways to accept that it is a very popular , and important book . 
  it is a very popular , important book . 
  whether or not you agree with organised religion , no one can deny the influence it has had , for the good or the bad . 
  most christians though will not have read the bible front-to-back though , i know my parents have n't , nor any of my family who are religious . 
  reading the book does n't improve your ` christianity points ' . 
  a believer who lives a good life is a better christian than one who reads the bible annually and is a cunt . 
   i 'm not arguing that plato 's republic is n't a good book ; mainly because i have n't read it , but i am arguing that the bible will enrich your life in one way or another . 
  it could enrich my life . 
  i doubt it , but i recognise the possibility . 
  because of my presupposition of negativity to religion , i doubt it will do any good , and i see no reason to read it , nor any obligation to . 
  harry potter has enriched loads of peoples ' lives too , and i recognise the possibility i could enjoy it , but i do n't want to . 
  never read it , never desired to . 
   all i 'm trying to argue is that it is worth reading because it is popular, 
  may 's well read 50 shades of grey . 
  but you said because it 's popular . 
  50 shades of grey is popular , it outsold the bible last year . 
  last year more people thus wanted to read about bdsm and rape fantasies than god . 
   last year . 
   faulty comparison . 
   *** last year . 
  torres ' last year with us though shown how he 'd lost a lot of his ability . 
  suarez 's last season , if it is to be his last , has been his best for us . 
  because managers will have in their heads already what they 're going to say , conceding throws that out the window often . 
  i 've kind of gone off games for the past year , but i had to buy this on release . 
  finished it friday night , played mp all weekend , now half way through on hard . 
  it is a brilliant , brilliant game . 
  one of the best i 've ever played, 
  this is already a really famous copypasta . 
  for your sake , i hope pikmin 3 is n't a flop :p, 
  great white buffalo, 
  is there a uk version ?
