  but we 're playing pretty well , unlucky from suarez , fantastic tackle by ferdinand on him . 
  regardless , if he thinks he is innocent for whatever reason , he should n't shake his hand . 
  the hillsborough jeers have been too far though . 
  whoever takes part in them can fuck off . 
  i think an apology from ferguson after his comments should be next . 
  if he promised to shake evra 's hand , then i can see the reason behind this apology , and it 's fine . 
  but , ayre 's comments are not . 
  basically saying what suarez has said , basically saying `` we 've supported you through all this , but now we do n't , you 're a disgrace '' . 
  oh i know downing 's terrible , but ferguson 's comment really riled me up, 
  because he has no right to judge who should/should not play for another team , calling him a ` disgrace ' is not right . 
  he was out of line and unjustified . 
  apologies then , 
  he 's genuinely incompetent at pretty much everything he does , he 's our md, 
  such is life, 
  am i missing something , or is he no longer only decent at international level ? 
  torres ' 07 - ' 09 . 
  all he does is receive the ball , run to the full back , then pass the ball back to enrique and hope he does something with it . 
  his crossing is abysmal , but to be fair i think we all seen this coming , he had a good season at villa , but he 's always been average , and always will be . 
  though he 's been worse than average so far . 
  small time player , in a big time club . 
  are you paying for this ? 
  started well , then drifted off his game . 
  then hit pacheco , and criticised the club . 
  then sold . 
  if they play him as a striker , i bet he 'll be much , much better . 
  armageddon ... sorry , guys :(, 
  china and russia would kick ass . 
  i would n't blame him if he wanted to leave , but i hope he does n't . 
  good , hopefully that gives them motivation . 
  though as it is , the final line-up for me is ... 
  reina ; johnson , skrtel , agger , enrique ; gerrard , adam , henderson ; bellamy , carroll , suarez . 
   final line-up, 
  gone so quick . 
  i liked tkol , do n't get me wrong , but the daily mail and seperator are both probably better than every song on that album . 
  [ am i really going to be the first to say it ? 
  to be fair , you * do * ride a lot of dicks . 
  all aboard the karma train !, 
  so do i. . . 
  there 's two of us & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  imagine them in their underwear ... 
  ... do n't do it , i laughed profusely at my teacher 's small weenie . 
  [ off the top of my head this lovely video . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mo_u-ekjz8e ), 
  tremors, 
  you realise that if it was n't given as a goal against chelsea , then it was a penalty and a red card for cech and most likely us going 1-0 anyway ? 
  mess ? 
  a champions league win with players like traore , smicer in the starting line-up against ac milan . 
  fa cup win the year after . 
  two years later , another champions league final . 
  as well as many , many top 4 finishes , including a 2nd place finish with the amount of points , which any other season , would have won the league . 
  consecutively many semi-final , and quarter final matches . 
  put into account the hicks and gillette factor , and this is all the more impressive . 
  hitler was a sensitive man by anal cunt . 
  i 'd love to go , i 'll see if i can make it . 
  united-giggs ' ability , ferguson 's ability to win leagues , with at points , let 's face it , average teams like last year . 
  everton-urm , err ... leighton baines ? 
  tony hibbert 's lack of ability , but commitment and love to the club, 
  but it was given as a goal , so it was a goal :p, 
  i think arshavin 's been poor for a while now , and on current form , he 'd only fetch a few million . 
  now they 're putting him in the shop window in front of anzhi , and just before the euros , so he 'll want to impress getting more money . 
  it may seem odd decisison loaning him out when you ca n't get a replacement , but without sounding funny , you 're out of the league cup , fa cup , nearly champions league , you 're only fighting for fourth place . 
  arsenal 's wage structure is pretty messed up , you 're right it needs a major clean up . 
  average players are being paid far too much . 
  denilson 's on a really high wage , and well , he 's fucking dreadful . 
  damnit , blumming hate sunday matches . 
  prefer friday ones , always a better atmosphere . 
  inaccurate jokes . 
  this subreddit gets better & better ... 
  in recent years , no . 
  you 'll never walk alone is always amazing , but in a loot of matches recently there 's not much singing other than that . 
  though our fans are pretty clever in unique songs from time to time . 
  though saying that , our away support is always fantastic . 
  he 's basically a striker playing in midfield . 
  he offers little in terms of overall play , but his goalscoring record is fantastic . 
  then why is he no longer a regular ? 
  his free kicks and penalties normally are direct to goal , often ending in goals , hence my original point . 
  i 'm * not * saying he should miss his penalties , that 's silly , i just meant when you use his penalty ability as a method to defend him , then that 's not a reason for me to turn away from my `` he 's a good goalscorer '' point of view , as that 's a method of scoring . 
  in your spare time , try play some sort of amateur football , even if it 's just sunday morning football , anything , just so that way you know what it 's like to be a player , the feelings , etc. 
  good lord . 
  best of credit to cardiff , they played well , but we made it hard for ourselves . 
  that 's liverpool for you !, 
  we 're in europe !, 
  let 's make it to the champions league now !, 
  i 'd be more worried if you did n't, 
  more , my good sir ? 
  true blood, 
  he 's an alright player , scores a fair amount of goals , and contributes to play pretty well . 
  he could play for a top 7/8 side , but only a squad player for a top 4 side . 
  ( englishman having watched him whenever fulham have been on tv since he came to the country , so no obvious bias ), 
  brilliant , lovee the socks too . 
  as a liverpool fan , i 'm close to actually feeling sorry for him , he 's been * that * bad . 
  getting my finger stuck in some silly object , like railings , then the panic of oh god my finger 's stu - never mind , got it out . 
   apparently liverpool fc are targeting five players in the summer , with a transfer kitty of around 75 million pounds made available for liverpool manager kenny dalglish . 
  incorrect . 
  time and time again it 's been said , we have no set transfer budget , each player will be bought separately , based on how much we believe them to be worth . 
  instead of giving it di matteo until the end of the season , why ddi n't they see if avb could turn it around ? 
  tagged as `` has a cunt '' . 
  welcome, 
  ( do n't agree with this guy ) but skrtel and enrique . 
  been absolutely immense all season .
