  that would end in disaster quickly . 
  it 's one thing to have someone like say , trapatoni , who 's pretty much done with football management as the dof or something . 
  but neither klopp/rodgers would want or accept that in the slightest . 
  both would want to be manager , and accept nothing else . 
  it 'd be constantly a ` if rodgers loses next game , dof klopp will step in ' rumours . 
  but mainly that neither would want anything to do with it, 
  edit - if you mean such thing as co-manager , then yeah there has been similar in the past . 
  sammi/the other bloke at bayern the other year for example . 
   romania : mutu, 
  is he still a thing ? 
  i thought he got done years ago . 
  or is this another mutu ? 
  before he got into the toty this would have never been even posted here . 
  my sleep pattern is messed up now i 've finished uni . 
  do n't get to bed until like 6/7am , so it 's great for me . 
  i have n't even hit my peak by the time the votes come in !, 
  drink every time a seat is announced . 
  take three drinks every time a constituency changes hands . 
  drink every time a group of people celebrate at some news . 
  drink every time someone 's standing in a fake house of commons . 
  drink every time there 's a bar chart or pie chart . 
  you 've not been in the europa league yet , from a fans pov it 's horrible . 
  thursday/sunday matches are terrible . 
  you play poor teams , then if you 're like us , you get knocked out in the quarters or something , because you 're still playing your kids . 
  elsewhere , preston 's up by one at chesterfield . 
  beckford with it . 
  bristol rovers ? 
  well , they could go up this season , so i 'm not sure they should be in this discussion, 
  eleven thousand attendance for one of their matches is n't really irrelevant . 
  one year they 'll win the play-offs ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ hope, 
  not sure about that . 
  lovren , lallana et al were rodgers signings afterall . 
  sakho , and sturridge were committee signings . 
  i do n't know how to fix the problem , i 'm glad i 'm not the one who needs to sort it out , but somebody has to , quickly . 
  first game i went to , he scored a hattrick against newcastle . 
  still a cunt . 
  does n't count . 
  by 2020 there 'll be players about who we do n't even know about yet , to be fair . 
  this is n't the issue , though . 
  we all thought he 'd go united , why would n't he , with his link to lvg , their higher wages and cl football . 
  not bothered about it . 
  what i do n't like is how common of a theme this is . 
  willian/mkhtaryan/sanchez etc. 
  we seem to put all our eggs in a basket , then it goes tits up , then we do n't really know what to do . 
   willian went for oil money , mkhtaryan went to dortmund after they appeared in the cl final , and sanchez went to a team that is consistently in the cl and also london . 
  exactly my point . 
  we went in hard for these players , did n't get them , then we either panic bought or did n't buy . 
  lost sanchez , then bony , then remy , so we got balotelli . 
  lost willian and mkhtaryan so we did n't buy anybody . 
  lost out on konoployanka because we left it so late , then did n't buy anybody . 
   and to fans who retort `` lock it up quick and this would n't happen '' . 
  that 's not how things realistically happen . 
  if a player is available , agents are going to leak a potential move to try and smoke out a higher bidder , that 's just the world we live in now . 
  with 24 hours news , things are never going to get done before a leak . 
  but , we 're on our own in how we do it . 
  we make an approach , and dabble over the fees and what not , once we think we 're the only team in the running , we try to re-negotiate the fee , then someone else jumps in , and gets it done in a day . 
  this is n't just me thinking how it is , barrett has said as much . 
  much smaller sample size in yougov, 
  is that the one greens are going hard for ? 
  if he 's a gloryhunter , he 'd be for tories based off the poll :(, 
  the dup are a shocking party . 
  fundamental christians , oppose gay marriage et al. 
  some info here mate http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_unionist_party#early_years_and_successes, 
  how 's the bloke who was from gogglebox who is a candidate for ukip doing , anyone know ? 
  the family who left last year , the michaels family iirc , because the dad wanted to run for ukip, 
  i assume you 're a troll over on / r/soccer because i have you on -5 . 
  i bet you remember that madrid match at our place . 
  he was unstoppable that night . 
  i 'd done really well all the way through . 
  on the way back , i was waiting to turn right ( we drive on left in the uk ) after some lights , the traffic stopped onwards , so i went to go , then a car from behind a stopped bus came flying out , so i had to slam on . 
  thought i 'd failed . 
  i passed . 
  luckily , i pressed the break before the instructor 's dual controls , did . 
  i got both of these guys . 
  i am the 25 % ... 
  my problem with skyfall , it 's a really good movie , it 's just not a * bond movie . 
  tdkr was a huge disappointment for me . 
  loved batman begins and tdk , and the only marvel movies i like are x-men 1/2/first class/dofp . 
  thing is , i liked bane , and the scenes with bruce wayne overcoming his fear of death are good , but the whole robin , and love scenes , the stupid cops , just did n't keep me hooked . 
  this is the first one in here i completely disagree with . 
  oh god the dubstep/electricity stuff actually made me burst into laughter . 
  the story with his dad was shocking ( no pun intended ) , the ending scene made me whisper `` oh fuck off '' , as if that 's how they ended it . 
  i liked the web swinging first person scenes though . 
  just noticed your op mentions watchmen . 
  got ta say , i do n't see many people shitting on it to be honest . 
  i 've never read the comics , but i enjoyed it . 
  i watched the director 's cut , thought it was a bit long , but i definitely enjoyed it . 
  love they mentioned gregory 's girl . 
  great movie . 
  missed out snatch . 
  though . 
  he wo n't be our main striker . 
  i see him replacing borini . 
  playing in the europa league , and honestly i like him . 
  i think he 's a decent enough player when i 've seen him . 
  with better delivery i can see him chipping in 12-15 goals . 
  watchmen is quite a unique superhero movie i thought . 
  seen a lot of people saying it 's similar to unbreakable for some reason , but i thought unbreakable was pretty terrible once he realised he was a superhero . 
  honestly ca n't see any of them joining you 's . 
  us , i 'd imagine .
