  so brave, 
  ( might have been me ) sorry !, 
  speaking of co-op , those chicken baguette things they sell in their fresh section are bloody godly, 
  at this hour , you ought to check the bread isle , late-ish at night , they 'll sell them really cheap and they 're delicious loafs, 
  if it makes you feel any better , there 's loads more that 'll happen that will shock you to your very core , past the rw , so make sure you 're careful what you google, 
  i 'm nine days older than him . 
  nine . 
  it 's a life saver for people like me who hate to eat in front of people, 
  i never realised the reason vince goes the loo so much is because that ` sa side effect of heroin use, 
  little motel by modest mouse, 
  the passenger , iggy pop . 
  life of pi is way too high , in the early 200 's . 
  enjoyed it , it was decent , but no better than most films out there . 
  hate to be a cliche , but the book was way better , if the ending a bit rushed . 
  vagina-owners *, 
   because everyone is content and does n't want to protest . 
  not true . 
  i think most people here would happily ` protest ' , but there needs to be an incident to kick it all off , and snowball it . 
  english : we 're not welsh, 
  bloody difficult in parts though . 
  any , really . 
  recently got lego city undercover , it 's a bloody fun game , so cheery , with loads of pop culture references . 
  i dunno , michu was n't a half bad price :p . 
  ashley williams for about 400k , too !, 
  not to be a party pooper , but are n't 4 panel pictures banned ? 
  good player , should do well there . 
  5 million is n't the worst price in the world , but i thought it 'd probably be a bit less for a 29 y.o from a relegated team . 
  oh definitely , and it 's an absolutely fabulous game , and the demo for the new one was great too . 
  but that was n't a serious bid at all . 
  suarez wants to leave england , so no point in him jumping ship to london, 
  the guy playing is so bad, 
  transformers is more hectic . 
  difficult to believe , i know , but jeez , as a veteran of these types of games , it 's ridiculous how much more hectic it is . 
  in which case , hope we keep him . 
  if he wants to leave , submit it officially , and let 's get it done . 
  if not , fuck it , we 'll keep him . 
  his choice . 
  wo n't be henderson , still see him leaving . 
  lucas , or agger i 'd say . 
  thought bronn 's portrayal is perfect . 
  perfect to how i 'd imagined him . 
  it 's free !, 
  where 's the problem ? 
  ( other than the depression ofc ), 
  blackfish seemed a bit of a dick to edmure in this scene , he was much nicer about it in the book, 
  edmure 's one of my favourites , i mean he also led a successful defense against tywin 's forces , but you would n't imagine it based off show edmure . 
  shaved mine about three days ago , it was a fucking majestic thing , shame this thread is a bit too late , do n't have any pictures of it . 
  it was thick , bushy and marvellous . 
  i miss it . 
  cod has a history of being # 45, 
  it is known . 
  we wanted an english manager , so we rejected pellegrini, 
  / sigh, 
  liking kolo the more he speaks , looks like we lost a leader in carra , and gained one in kolo, 
  that 's the mentality ` pool fans had about him , before he 's trying to force his move anyway . 
  he 's a dickhead , willing to cheat to win , but he 's * our bastard *, 
  bet you he 'll go sunderland . 
  did i say something wrong ? 
  / r/tumblrinaction, 
  would have liked to see him in england , but hated to see such a player play for united . 
  he 'd have been nigh-perfect for them too . 
  really small island mid-way between the uk and iceland . 
  mr jones, 
  i read the book before watching the film , and goddamn that film was bad , i had to force myself to keep watching . 
  the love triangle was way over played , about 1/4 was made completely up , and it just was not funny i thought . 
  martin freeman , and to an extent , mos def were good in it , but the rest not so much, 
  tremors . 
  `` they 're in the goddamn ground '', 
  there 'll be loads of names and places and it 'll overwhelm you , if they do , do n't worry , it 'll come in time, 
  i live in cheshire , it 's not the nicest place . 
  bit freaked out you named the town i live in ? 
  i 'd be alright with luis going to madrid , or any club like them , but if he goes anywhere else in england he 'll pretty much be torres v. 2, 
  good guess though , seems like 90 % of widnes support liverpool, 
  i know some friends who are redditors , there are more of us !, 
  did n't alberto come from sevilla , not barcelona ? 
  itt people who trust the daily mail, 
  worst was definitely 11/12 . 
  downing , henderson , adam , enrique , coates , doni , bellamy . 
  some decent players in there , but it 's the money paid that 's the problem . 
  about 50 million or so for those , and two on a free . 
  dave ja vu became defunct when it was replaced in the channel listing by dave hd , and dave ja vu was pushed to like channel 53454-834-05845459045790347905 .6, 
  i see no point in watching top gear in hd to be honest , jeremy clarkson 's face should n't be seen that clearly . 
  alan 's a bellend . 
  do n't see why he 's a regular , so many funnier people out there could do his job , then some, 
  they were all cheap though , cole was on stupid wages but the rest were n't on much in particular , the rest cost peanuts, 
  this comment sure sank quickly, 
  we 've ( almost ) always played ` nice ' football , and honestly i think his whole apparent tiki taka style is way over exaggerated , to this point , anyway . 
  we 're getting gradually better at it , but i think it 's over done . 
  he 's not the greatest tactical manager , long gone from the days of rafa , but he 's much better man manager . 
  the players seem to really want to play for him , and he 's getting the best out of even some of our shitter players . 
  he got downing playing well , henderson too etc. 
  his emphasis on playing youth is also very welcome , rafa , roy and kenny never really gave many young players a chance to perform , our youth facilities are better than ever , sure , but in the past none were really allowed to develop with much game time . 
  signing-wise , he 's been decent . 
  borini 's had some problems , and looks devoid of confidence , allen started well , then drifted off . 
  despite that , i think they 'll both improve this season . 
  coutinho and sturridge , however were/are both excellent signings . 
  coutinho in particular , he was an absolute steal . 
  so far this summer i like what we 're doing , mingolet , aspas , in particular . 
  overall , happy enough with him , but i feel another 7th place finish and he 'll be under a lot more pressure . 
  asos was the best book , and the second half of it was just amazing .
