  he can be frustrating to watch , can beat three players on a whim , then completely fuck up the shot . 
  good impact sub . 
  would it be fair to say the tax off booze more than covers hospital admissions ? 
  i did n't mean on a case by case one , but on the whole, 
  think i 'm going to be having to drive there , if me and some friends decide to go . 
  i 'm the only one who can drive , this will be fun for someone who only passed his test saturday ... 
  the most recent series was surprisingly good . 
  almost makes me forget about the horrible , horrible back to earth . 
  which version ? 
  sat 's in year nine gone the year i would have had to do them . 
  so happy . 
  my mate done a btec , got distinctions in everything , and got offers from oxbridge on the day he got his results . 
  he so should of gone on the student room and mentioned it . 
  the butthurt would be real . 
  that 's almost impressive . 
  how do you even do that ? 
  he 's a damn solid player . 
  i passed mine last saturday . 
  there 's no feeling like it . 
  i was waiting to get a subway , and someone was stood in no man 's land , i asked him if he was in the queue , and he said in his thick american accent ` yeah ' . 
  he was queued in the wrong place , bless him . 
  i love it when a big football ( soccer ) match is on , the streets are empty . 
  the only cars are very unhappy bus drivers . 
  about # 3 - # 3.50 depending on the pint/pub . 
  of course in wetherspoons it can go really cheap . 
  come to think of it a pub near me sells carlsberg pints for # 2, 
  many places in the uk you ca n't walk around a corner in a city centre and not see a starbucks or costa coffee . 
  same here where i live ( england ) . 
  few shops where kids are known to go in and get them , refuse to sell them if of school age . 
  i live in a small town . 
  there 's two costa coffee 's . 
  but it 's not just these branded coffee shops , but the smaller independent ones . 
  of course there 's not as many starbucks as there is in america , but there 's shed loads of coffee shops here in england . 
  to be honest , it 's bloody difficult to tell . 
  interestingly though , i 've noticed a lot more city fans were i live . 
  ( next to liverpool ) than a few years ago . 
  to be fair , your kit last season was an absolute beaut . 
  heck i would n't have minded owning that shirt . 
  barely happens in the uk . 
  the premier league averages approx 680k people a week , then you 've got all the other divisions , and of course fans who do n't attend the matches . 
  the vast majority of fans would like this idea to have more power in the club , sort of similar to how germany does it . 
  this is a good idea from labour . 
  itt people saying ` that is n't a bad film , it 's a masterpiece ' on every post . 
  too much hype , little end product . 
  haha , how times change . 
   he 's become my least favorite barca player as of recently , and entirely because of his diving . 
  he needs to talk to sergio busquets who used to dive incessantly but has really cleaned up his act as far as i can tell . 
  arsenal fan about alexis sanchez ... 
  oh of course he can , just thought it was a bit of a coincidence, 
  [ this one ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/1kfmc4/predictions_for_this_premier_league_season/ ), 
   maternity leave should n't be a thing . 
  you choose to have a baby , you choose to give up your job for the time being and find a new one later if you want . 
  there is no reason to bend over backwards for someone else 's selfish choice . 
  it 's a completely inefficient waste of our time . 
  did you lose your shirt too as well as the weight ? 
  he went to burnley first, 
  hardly anyone rates him . 
  binary domain, 
  reddit would almost disappear . 
  bought it like a week after it came out for pennies , absolutely love it, 
  [ do n't forget gordon !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rb954mgq1gu ), 
  great dipping bread for eating scouse too, 
  how much indian food to order, 
  it follows them in a basic kind of way . 
  some characters die/live differently , some change roles with one another , but the basic idea of what happens after what is the same, 
  worth it just for the pod racing, 
  indiana jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull . 
  fun to watch . 
  i 'm kind of the same . 
  the flavour of the month on this sub is so dramatic . 
  if there was a smaller , more discussion based subreddit i would probably join it , but / r/football is pretty deserted for discussion . 
  so many throw-ins, 
  rested, 
  this is woeful . 
  whenever johnson gets the ball you know exactly what 's going to happen ... 
  get him off . 
  so undeserved, 
  rodgers just celebrated a goal for his team ? 
  cunt ... 
  allen is . 
  keeps the ball so well . 
  you must be shitting yourself now for the match ... 
  benzema who ? 
  rafael marquez just scored a beauty for milan before . 
  all he needed to do was smash it across goal there , not shoot . 
  he 's been good in the second half . 
  to be fair , i twinged my hammy getting out of bed the other morning . 
  at least he 's a pro footballer who just put a huge shift in, 
  he does have a strong midfield behind him , though ? 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's not perfect , could do with a few more goals from midfield , and a proper dm , but it 's still a very good midfield . 
  every time mig comes for it i hold my breath, 
  do n't worry , we 're not finishing fourth . 
  enrique made three mistakes in the lead up to that goal ... 
  coutinho love you, 
  hahaha, 
  fucking what the shit just happened . 
  we may not play well , but we entertain . 
  balotelli needs his finger out his arse , he 's been shocking . 
  the complete opposite of last season .
