  a lot of words are of british origin . 
  many different words for the same thing . 
   guy fawke 's party . 
  never heard it called that . 
  it 's always bonfire night here, 
  also like cream soda, 
  not really . 
  i 'm in england , plenty of people i know love peanut butter . 
  we have some downstairs right now infact . 
  definitely . 
  his form this season has been a bit here and there , but generally he 's been very good , but his finishing a bit off . 
  it 's worth noting he 's playing out of position , too . 
  he 's not a winger , he 's a # 10 . 
  when we signed him , brendan said we wanted a # 10 , so we signed him . 
  but because of sterling 's , sturridge 's , and suarez 's form , he 's been pushed out wide . 
  sturridge played as winger for chelsea , but we all know he 's significantly better upfront , same for luis , and sterling 's been brilliant . 
  the only thing i can think of doing would be 4-2-3-1 . 
  suarez out wide , cou in the centre , sterling on the other , and studge up top . 
  but again , that 's not getting the best out of luis, 
  i do n't know cheeses either . 
  i know there 's a smelly one , and a blue one ? 
  if he does n't , call him an imposter . 
  if he does n't back down , you know he 's definitely not french, 
  they started showing it on dave the other year , then stopped about a week later, 
  me and my friends went to spoons monday night . 
  we got on the cocktail pitchers because they were two for # 12 , to mask our pain , we drank 14 of them . 
  to be honest , after the 2010 final , if webb refs spain matches he 'll probably make sure xab has protection, 
  maybe i 'm bitter , but i 'm quite pissed off about this . 
  they cancelled their entire european tour to focus on their new album , but are still playing in the states, 
  six feet under ? 
  six feet under 's is quite interesting . 
  season one and two were consistent , then they start going all over the place . 
  but look at that finale , representing at 9.5, 
  other than english , i think it 's spanish with 3 . 
  then french/brazilian/uruguayan ,, 
  is he really that bad ? 
  he played crap against us , but when played in his proper position he looked decent, 
  they do n't fully produce them it 's worth noting , they often take talented youngsters and because of the easy work permits for south americans , are able to properly introduce them to european football, 
  maybe you could have played him , and made him into a world class midfielder ... ;p, 
  they surely will do . 
  it 's stupid to sign a partnership with a company which has no shops of yours, 
  he 's been there five years . 
  curtis davies in with a shout ? 
  he 's doing really well . 
  maybe lovren ? 
  russell howard 's good news is fucking shite, 
  because this place has less standards than even / r/funny does and that 's saying something, 
  someone i knew called paul , but everybody called him johnny . 
  man , that goal for plymouth ( ? ), 
  where he beat about 3 players from the half way line . 
  facilites , good coaches , large catchment area , and a belief you 'll actually play in the first team if you do well . 
  ( i.e southampton youth players will know if they do well , they 'll get played ), 
  that 's the paul ince effect . 
  can we just bring on lucas now ? 
  that we 're playing shit and had a chance to score, 
  great timing sturridge, 
  fuck me , our entire defence has been woeful . 
  johnson and cissokho are hopeless , and skrtel 's still as shite as he was last season . 
  or the other 10 players out there, 
  you know , a defender 's job is to try stop the opposition 's attacks , right ? 
  thank fuck lucas, 
  villa racking up these yellows, 
  after all that abuse , gerrard assists suarez , then takes the pen . 
  credit . 
  i 'd rather watch the match then see the owners ' faces , sky . 
  not enough . 
  he 's so bad . 
  fucking hell gerrard , you ran into suarez . 
  i liked the first half of it , then i got a bit bored . 
  definitely a cult film . 
  so many dick jokes, 
  followed by `` buy my fucking knee pads '' , if you 're a vendor, 
  i agree , i love the first two , but for me bb just edges it . 
  this was on the other week , and i 've not seen it in so long . 
  such an odd film . 
  especially the basketball scene . 
  [ heh heh ] ( http://blogs.hr-online.de/sportschau-em2012/files/2012/06/hummels_ap1.jpg ), 
  iirc the only scooby doo movie which was a pg . 
  fuck that , that shit deserves a 12 +, 
  maybe it 's because alien films fuck me up , but goddamn , the fourth kind messed with my head . 
  disagree . 
  johnson 's been in poor form for months now , it has nothing to do with the left side . 
  flanno played really well , and even then johnson was awful . 
  he does n't tackle , he puts his foot out , if he does n't get it he ` whoops , guess i tried though ' and fucks off . 
  when agbonlahor went off , johnson 's day was finished . 
  i 've not payed for premium , and i 've had it for four months . 
  i had a trial with virgin , and they 've still not charged me for it ... 
  it 's an odd one , because i genuinely do n't think there 's a bad season in it . 
  it 's pretty consistent . 
  so are a lot of the names in asoiaf . 
  but i 'd be surprised to meet someone called lyanna not in reference to asoiaf . 
  hodor is n't his name though . 
  i 'm more of an eporner guy , myself . 
  i can grow fuck loads of facial hair compared to most people my age . 
  8 times is my record . 
  once i got past four i just done it to see if i could break my friends ' record . 
  28723 comment karma over here , friend . 
  he blows hot/cold . 
  he 's either really great , or dog shite . 
  normally he performs when he moves a new club , or gets a new manager .
