  we do n't have a commanding cb , or dm, 
  give it five years . 
  if he kicks on , and matches his potential they probably will be . 
  levy ? 
  sterling and pogba would n't be a bad start ... 
  and the lesser known rules ; ca n't be offside in your own half , ca n't score off a throw-in , offside but ` inactive ' , direct/indirect free kicks , ca n't be offside from throwins , etc. 
  i think we were willing to before you started bidding . 
  we ai n't selling for less than 50 million mate . 
  does n't silva play where kdb would , though ? 
  so because there 's a few bad eggs in a country you 're basically telling these folks ` sorry then , looks like you and your three kids are homeless . 
  best of luck ' . 
  are you saying they should only be allowed to buy fruit and stuff like that ? 
  the reason poor people buy junk food is because it 's cheaper . 
  are you saying they should only be allowed to buy fruit and stuff like that ? 
  the reason poor people buy junk food is because it 's cheaper . 
  `` rats , used up all my carb food stamps this month , guess it 's nothing but broccoli this week kids '' . 
  which bar ? 
  [ here 's more ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/3cow1t/memeconservative_friend_dropping_dank_maymays/csxq2gb?context=3 ), 
  i post it because it 's the first time i 've seen me in one of these threads ... 
  my bad , nevermind, 
  we only get carlsberg ... 
  ty mate, 
  balotelli and borini are gash . 
  lambert does n't suit us . 
  we need another striker for sure . 
  wo n't miss his constant dummies , runs infield and then slice wide , though, 
   but it seems like liverpool are after his signature and willing to match his buyout clause . 
  quite the opposite . 
  rodgers wants him , but refuses to hit his buy out , that 's why we 've not went for him . 
   they 've still got a month before the premier league starts, 
  why 'd you have to say that ? 
  i 'm getting so bloody bored . 
  i 'm in england , the theory test is easy , here anyway . 
  it 's common sense , mixed in with questions you never even knew about . 
  i.e `` when you break down , and have a ` warning cone ' , what distance should you place it before your car to warn people ? '', 
  answer this question . 
  no chance we 'd even pay half of that, 
  you picked a bad day to say that , considering delph just rejected you 's ... 
  about as ` stealthy ' as a cow in a field of chickens that mate . 
  once the money owed to qpr is paid , we 'll probably spend whatever money is left more or less on christian benteke . 
  if it works out that way , both us and city are getting shafted . 
  it would be bloody disappointing to spend all our profit on benteke . 
  great when that happens , only bad when you 're with a stupid town and they dont realise sk kills jailor ... 
  finally . 
  breaking news : new signing does * not * insult new club ?!???? 
  played it dangerously though , a lot of clubs may been put off by the 50 million and our unwillingness to negotiate , he just got lucky that city really wanted him, 
  he was n't a reject , their manager just could n't figure out how to play him , their fans were horrified when we got him, 
  the price for him is only one of the concerns . 
  the others are his injuries , his ability , him fitting into our side . 
  roma are probably factoring in how they have to pay his big wage too, 
  nobody would care . 
  nobody would care in anfield either to be honest . 
  some nice bits of play against terrible opposition . 
  gomez , teixera , origi stood out for me . 
  they 're gon na be great to watch . 
  always used to watch the football league match on the friday , prem games will be good . 
  feel bloody sorry for the fans who travel away , though , that 'll be a horrific journey most of the time . 
  so would i on my international debut to be honest . 
  is n't he injured half the time ? 
  hendo, 
  coronation street has had 8683 episodes . 
  he 's got about 500 followers for crying out loud . 
  i could predict stuff like that . 
  99 % of ` itk 's and the like just go off what the media says , and then when something goes wrong they just say ` oh , well , talks broke down ' . 
  not as bad as the nationwide scarf advert . 
  get shudders just thinking of it . 
  see , i disagree here . 
  whenever we were playing away , it was much more counter attacking than rodgers tries . 
  other than that , it 's pretty similar in style . 
  both tried to play it from the back , but were n't afraid to hit it long when it called for it . 
  we 've scored more under rodgers , and conceded more , so that evens it out a bit to our gd under rafa . 
  far too much for him . 
  after going the entire season saying we need a striker to run in behind , he goes and signs benteke because he had a good two months before the end of the season . 
  criminally underwhelmed, 
  pretty much . 
  if we do n't get top four i fully expect him to be off at the end of the season . 
  but it 'll be ridiculously difficult to get top four anyway . 
  all those 6-1 's and 3-1 losses give me nightmares ... 
  never seen it , but top gun ? 
  same . 
  technically cheshire , but i can drive onto merseyside in 10 minutes, 
  bloody mancs everywhere ... 
  cheshire represent, 
  what 's it like being inbred ? 
  ( widnes here ), 
  yumm . 
  what 's it like living in the hilliest place after mount everest ? 
  there 'll be plenty of discussion about us abolishing the monarchy once lizzie dies here in the uk . 
  not sure where you are , but i hear it/use it all the time . 
  but yeah , op , it 's really not a bad word . 
  as a kid if i swore my parents would tell me off , but not saying bloody . 
  same way some people do n't like folks saying ` god 's sake ' et al, 
  most tea you 'd find would be fine honestly . 
  there 's loads of brands , but most of them taste the same . 
  just get some yorkshire tea . 
  st helens is a horrible accent . 
  not quite scouse , not quite northern . 
  exactly . 
  it 's the whole queen consort/regent deal . 
  99 % of people drink carling/fosters/john smiths .
