  you would need experience knowing paul to know it 's true, 
  soa is a great bingewatch show . 
  not overly taxing , and has a few moments of fantastic drama, 
  lovren/johnson have done nothing to show they 're worthy of starting , balotelli will never work up top by himself . 
  guardiola . 
  the ` rodgers out ' bunch are n't the smartest or sanest . 
  not the first time they 've met . 
  slovakia/spain the other month, 
  that 's a foul , but when defenders shephard it out at the byline , it 's never a foul . 
  alexis is not really a winger , though . 
  nah , he held his ground , he just did n't move, 
  he 's had an off game , but he 's great . 
  he 's as useless attacking , too . 
  he has two moves ; one is hit the first defender with his cross , second is cut inside , and drag it ten yards, 
  he should go to lovren , then , costa would win all day long, 
  to be honest i did n't think it was in on first view . 
  meanwhile , derby are destroying wolves . 
  5-0 , great football too . 
  costa 's shirt !, 
  op , your match events are a bit bare . 
  johnson must have some dirt on rodgers . 
  no way he thinks he 's better than manquillo, 
  bot , your match events are a bit bare here . 
  we 're getting outnumbered out wide so often . 
  lovren is going to cost us this . 
  beep boop to you too , mr bot . 
  more like , what does n't he do , and that 's defend competently . 
  dirty tactic , chelsea . 
  do n't play on until you lose it . 
  chelsea played on , so he did . 
  can is a boss . 
  i miss the days when we had a striker who could score playing . 
  what 's the point of bringing allen on now ? 
  was that matic making that tackle ? 
  could have been off . 
  no he should n't ' have . 
  he touched his arm gently , and hazard dropped . 
  goal line technology , but no technology for the ref to know that 's a penalty . 
  matic motm ? 
  what . 
  terry , surely . 
  cunt that he is . 
  well he is injured , to be fair . . 
  well we did n't play badly , but we 're still pretty poor . 
  that handball is infuriating . 
  goal line technology , but no playback for penalty appeals ? 
  you posted that in the match thread too . 
  possibly so , but that does n't mean it should n't have been a pen ... 
  [ wonder how far back we can go . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-hiskvizko ), 
  mignolet , lovren and johnson wo n't make it here . 
  lovren will get time , because he 's just signed , but i ca n't think of a game he 's not made a terrible mistake ? 
  there 's something terribly wrong with rodgers and co 's organisation at set pieces , because it 's absolutely fucking dreadful . 
  for their goal , we had about 10 players ahead of the ball when it dropped , and they had three players lined up to finish it . 
  nah , it does n't . 
  some matches teams get more going for them than others , but it really does n't even out unfortunately . 
  he should be dropped soon , and he ca n't complain either . 
  sakho and toure are both better . 
  hey , fuck you too . 
  i think recently , a lot of players are bypassing him , because they know he 'll just try a fourty yard potshot . 
  do n't be so fickle . 
  i 'll eat my own pubes if he 's sacked . 
  tv is for people who want to use the internet , and watch tele at the same time , too . 
  but that just wo n't happen , anyway . 
  we 're doing crap , we 've got a lot of problems , but we 'll finish top eight . 
  damn whites . 
  them and their reddit . 
  the ones in malcolm in the middle are the best characters , if that counts . 
  well , hal particularly . 
  well yeah , technically anything like that is possible , but there 's really no point discussing stuff like this , because it wo n't happen, 
  they edit it out sometimes , but i always remember the bit on the murder mystery train episode when he goes `` son of a - '' , then the train goes past, 
  shame breathe me by sia has become a bit of a joke recently , with so many shows/movies using it, 
  and he pokes their eyes out with his two fingers, 
  to be honest it would n't surprise me if a lot of them are n't even european , but just racists, 
  his performances have n't even been poor . 
  true , but that 's just because the vast amount of reddit are white people , so they 're more concerned with their own issues . 
  like how most front page posts are about american things . 
  doctor who gets a fair share of flack . 
  something like not liking breaking bad causes unnecessary drama . 
  we used him as the one to close down defenders , when defending corners . 
  he was always the first man to absolutely close down the defenders , even though 2 seconds ago he was defending a corner . 
  love him . 
  arsenal/liverpool a few years ago went past the 100th minute . 
  arsenal scored in injury time , then we got a penalty . 
  odd match . 
  well it was 19 years ago . . 
  lord of the rings fan . 
  love you so much danny . 
  edit - he 's really funny , made a bath with beer haha . 
  if i 'm using a cam , i 'll normally sub him out for a cb . 
  if he 's a great cam , i 'll get rid of my two wingers , get a defender and dm on . 
  no way i 'm playing without a cb, 
  [ i went basic ] ( http://oi62.tinypic.com/8ycl6d.jpg ), 
  `` my grandmothers auntie is 1/10 irish on her father 's side , i 'm totally irish '', 
  ... godric was one of my favourite characters . 
  season 2 was great , i thought . 
  season 3 is when it got bad . 
  they do n't care how they park , they 'll do it over two bays for no reason , but they never get pulled over by cops , because they 're taxi 's . 
  replying to this to tell everybody not to gold this guy . 
  well we nearly did , under rafa .
