  centre back is his preferred position . 
  done great at derby , struggled a bit in a pretty poor wba side , but the guy deserves a chance . 
  due to the subject matter , they did n't put in anything they could n't back up , and risk a law suit . 
  or maybe it 's because they 've just got a better manager now , with different defensive ideas ? 
  fucking played the ' i have a disabled son , i love the nhs !!, 
  ! 1111 '' card . 
  feel so sorry for doctors and nurses . 
  having to work more days , when they 're already over worked . 
  dimbledick did n't even press him on actually answering the question . 
  typical . 
  someone should have retorted about him leaving his kid in the pub . 
  i really hate the plan of '18 year olds out of school ca n't get jsa ' . 
  shocking . 
  how do they expect him to live ? 
  cameron just claimed to have kept the uk out of the euro . 
  have we gone back in time ? 
  is he gon na claim to have started the nhs , yet ? 
  why wo n't any of them even discuss a coalition ? 
  it 's bloody annoying . 
  you 're not gon na get a majority . 
  oh if only it was that easy to walk out of school and find a job . 
  until they find a job , yes . 
  no one should be forced to go to further education . 
  there are no parties that align too closely with them . 
  ca n't afford joining with snp , because they 'd break up the uk , meaning the tories would win most elections in the future . 
  minority government , or a new election if no one gets into a coalition, 
  if there were millions of spare jobs out there , then sure . 
  there 's not . 
  we wo n't get depay and konoployanka . 
  i sincerely doubt we 'll get depay at all , mind . 
  but we wo n't get two wingers , big use of resources when we have bigger fish to fry . 
  i quite like him , but if it 's him and mignolet again next season only , it 'll be a bit disappointing in all honesty . 
  remember that bit where one of them said there was something in the clouds at the intro ? 
  and they did n't even bother trying to zoom in on it . 
  it 's one thing to talk about them symbolism and what not , but they did n't need to include that bit at all . 
  they just spent five minutes of 10 seconds looped , talking about words/face ( forget which ) in the sky , without trying to show * where * . 
  sterling and gerrard were really quite poor , throughout the game . 
  sterling ca n't cross for shit , until he can , he 's not worth 100k p/w never mind anymore, 
  my favourite lynch movie , in all honesty . 
  i actually thought he was quite poor . 
  course , all that does n't matter much since he scored and we won . 
  i liked it , but i did n't find it * that * funny . 
  the answer will be ` where ever i live ', 
  ... then why are so many crimes committed then ? 
  so if everybody owns a gun , there 'd be no assault/murder/theft / cyber crimes/drugs/drunk driving et al ? 
  yeah i was thinking that . 
  lampard , milner and silva supporting aguero ? 
  bit odd . 
   of the developed nations , this sort of thing has essentially become institutionalized in great britain, 
  just because it 's common knowledge here , does n't mean it 's not happening in other places . 
  maybe we 're the first ones to actually find out about it ? 
   why would people spend so much time , effort and money on a project which is now a part of their life and reputation only to chuck it away on a whim ? 
  thing is , the money does n't mean much at all for them . 
  most owners do n't even seem to attend many of the matches , either . 
  red card 's a red card . 
  1st minute or last should n't matter . 
  ah yes , the year we always buy sweets , then eat them for the next two weeks because no one came knocking . 
  3 years since we had anybody come . 
  yeah i think 80 % of people can say this on reddit . 
  not been to the red light district yet then ? 
  he 's a cunt . 
  true , it 's bank holiday , probably just excited to get the day off year 8 . 
  i thought they were making a new one ? 
  amazing first half of a movie . 
  second half , kind of ruined it for me , i 've got ta say . 
  it 's not that it was poorly executed , i just felt like the first half of the movie was really gripping . 
  it had a sort of ` alone in space , going a little bit mad , with a huge problem at hand ' thing going , then it kind of lost me a bit . 
  not that i still do n't love the movie , i have it on blu-ray , i just wish they 'd kept the tone the same . 
  big fan of danny boyle , and i really did n't see the theme change half way through coming . 
  in my settings it 's listed as ` spanish ' . 
  are you american ? 
  maybe it 's different for you 's . 
  york is nice . 
  very old fashioned place , plenty of history there , and castles and such . 
  possibly edinburgh ? 
  if you 're there for work in london , there 's plenty there to see , but a lot of nice places further out . 
  9pm for football league highlights for 90 minute show , then motd at half ten ? 
  i can dig it . 
  to be fair , were n't those the days when you were about 8th ? 
  maybe once the deal expires , they would n't just up and cancel it, 
  madrid 's attack has n't been at it so far , juve are doing well . 
  drawing them in deep , then hitting them long with tevez/morata . 
  gon na be difficult now with 25 minutes left . 
  madrid gon na have to press more , but based off how well morata and tevez has done , could end 3-1 . 
  when did they put the ` i ' infront of gcse ?!, 
  boy , those things change constantly . 
  for eng lit do you still learn about that poem about slaves on a boat ? 
  that 's all i remember . 
  one was enough ... 
  whether he was gon na make it there before the gk or not , if he 's fouled , he 's fouled . 
  how many one on ones has messi missed ? 
  hurr durr get rid of him too, 
  not long . 
  same for his crosses, 
  general consensus i seemed to get from the irish i knew , they do n't like the establishment , army et al , but they seem to get on with a lot of people . 
  though , i 'm in liverpool , so we share a lot of history with the irish . 
  but ... we did conquer you originally ... 
  a lot of the reasons we 're hated is hundreds of years in the past . 
  bit like germany , we do n't hate the germans for what their grandparents did . 
  you mean have brendan and klopp ?
