  de gea had a few wobbles here and there , but he was still really good . 
  just every so often he 'd fuck up . 
  mignolet is a bit ... different , in that he 's not had too many amazing games . 
  he will normally fluff up a kick , or fuck up from a corner . 
  older one , but 51st state, 
  a very drunk christmas to you all , who will join me in another rum ? 
  i 'm one of the lucky 19 y.o 's who does n't get hangovers, 
  i do n't see people wearing flatcaps here . 
  my grandad used to . 
  i wan na wear one , but i 'll wait until i 'm in my 60 's . 
  it 's north face trackies and burberry caps, 
  i got some lynx , some other stuff , and some weird stuff called soap and glory , which smells incredibly strong . 
  yeah , i hope op keeps delivering . 
  make us feel immersed, 
  hate it when you wake up and you 're still drunk . 
  kuyt always had a habit of scoring in big games , including the hattrick of tap ins . 
  it 's not the idea of toilet paper being advertised , it 's the brand . 
  there 's shit loads of brands out there, 
  thigh injury . 
  not got going yet . 
  do n't think gerrard has touched the ball . 
  skrtel 's being his usual self, 
  playing terrible . 
  no passion , desire , or urgency . 
  ca n't be pleased with that performance . 
  very , very poor . 
  anybody else and we 'd have lost today . 
  he never made as many mistakes last season , but they were definitely there . 
  his first game for us summed him up . 
  had a shaky game all match , flapped at corners constantly . 
  then saved a penalty in the 90 ' minute . 
  we conceded an awful lot in his spell here . 
  `` how do you do the ghost vision thing ? '', 
  haha, 
  it 's piss easy to drive on the motorway . 
  stay left , unless you 're overtaking . 
  the time flies . 
  it 's really good . 
  best thing on itv in years . 
  it 'll have you guessing through all episodes . 
  no serious tag, 
  problem is , who can replace him ? 
  excuse for what ? 
  i 'd prefer it had a serious tag . 
  well that was always bound to happen . 
  it 's / r/askreddit for goodness sake , almost every thread has a pun or joke as top comment . 
  the system does n't require gerrard , but there 's no one good enough to replace him . 
  [ he looks like jeremy davies ] ( http://www.nndb.com/people/372/000130979/jeremy-davies-1-sized.jpg ), 
  i 'm, 
  all of them were n't * bad * , but she dragged the show down so much , no one seeme comfortable, 
  me and my team once came back from sudden death against a 6 reinforcement team , at that area . 
  one of my most pleasing moments, 
  need a striker . 
  defensive mid . 
  goalkeeper.loads more too , but ca n't get them . 
  he was still scoring , but he was n't playing too well anymore . 
  team was struggling , but he was struggling a bit more than everybody else . 
  he 's not the one that needs convincing ... 
  moreno tried his hardest not to score , there . 
  bloody lucky . 
  good move though . 
  well rodgers has got a team he 's wanted , in that we do n't rely on one player to score anymore , at least . 
  been like that for a while . 
  passionate fans ca n't afford the tickets , it 's all about day trippers . 
  do you remember his against spurs ? 
  heck of a goal, 
  shelvey you lucky bastard . 
  would n't be my first choice though . 
  love lallana . 
  he 's wildly inconsistent . 
  tagged . 
  to be fair , this is the best we 've played all season . 
  runs himself into the ground . 
  works so hard , barely lasts 90 minutes, 
  to be fair , lallana is a very pretty man . 
  could give anyone butterflies . 
  i let a police officer out of the station last week , just out of curiosity if it was illegal or not . 
  he done the little ` thank you ' hand gesture . 
  what i do n't get about that advert , how would people know they sell sausage rolls without buying petrol ? 
  you do n't go into a petrol station to buy food , you get petrol and then when paying buy food if you 're hungry . 
  i 'm not american , so yes . 
  bizarre to say the least . 
  the ref was looking right at it , and the linesman was looking at sterling . 
  extra early tomorrow , then . 
  starts early . 
  same old shite , it is also frightening how terrible his sub 's are . 
  yes , lucas off , when he was carrying gerrard all match, 
  mig has been better , sure . 
  but definitely not more confident . 
  looked a broken man every time he was distributing it , did n't know what to do . 
  he always has a mistake in him , every match . 
  generally he 's good , but he 's far from perfect . 
  anyone wondering , tony b is the go to guy for liverpool news . 
  he always is . 
  end of an era , but probably for the best . 
  best of luck to him . 
  fsg gon na have to spend big to get someone who can actually play there in the summer . 
  if we have to rely on allen , it 's going to be a looooong season ... 
  le slippy gee xdddd, 
  he did n't want the speculation hanging over their head for the rest of the year .
