  if i say ` walkies ' , my dog will realise what it means through time and practice of what will come next, 
  so if i get a visa from a bank , say a natwest bank , i can also get a mastercard from this same bank ? 
  since i got my visa when i was 16 when my mum pretty much done all the details for it , if i asked for a mastercard , would they facilitate this ? 
  bit of an open ended question really . 
  here in the uk we have a lot of american brands . 
  mcdonalds , burger king , kfc , subway . 
  we also have nando 's , which a chain from spain or portugal , i forget which . 
  most places just basically have mcdonalds and kfc and those as they 're such big brands and hold a monopoly on most fast food industries throughout the world . 
  here in the uk , we have a lot of chip shops , which i suppose you could count as fast food , but much like pizzeria 's , they 're not really branded . 
  you 'll find a shop called say ` paul 's chip shop ' , but this wo n't be a brand like mcdonalds , they all have different names . 
  and his arse, 
  my mistake then , just i 've never seen anyone use one, 
  the most impressive thing from rodgers so far is how he 's able to get the absolute best out of the players . 
  flanno , hendo , etc were all pretty average before he took over , and look at them now . 
  even if he did prefer london to liverpool , surely if we do get cl football , he 'd prefer us to spurs, 
  weird to start a bidding war over a player who has a release clause ... 
  or jesus christ, 
  when you say reject , that 's because we offer them a wage , when they want more than we value them for , we tell them to take it or leave it . 
  in reading the books , a lot of it was spoiled for me . 
  the red wedding , certain character deaths , but that , that i did not see coming , well that and tywin 's incident, 
  i always thought the showrunner 's done a really bad job with stannis . 
  seemed to me they 're not his biggest fans , and therefore give him hardly any screen time , and make him seem quite weak . 
  whereas they make dany look like a godsend, 
  love him on loan . 
  if he comes here he 'll get plenty of game time , and time hopefully in the cl, 
  overrated : agger, 
  under : maybe flanno, 
  honestly i 'd think 5 will be affc then 6 adwd then we 'd only get onto 7 with twow . 
  but that 's only my speculating, 
  they 're so retro 90 's, 
  though the 4-1 involved us being 1-0 down at one point, 
  i was expecting the ghostbusters 2008 game to be gash , but it was actually fantastic . 
  for that reason alone i 'm hopeful, 
  i already knew number two , but not the rest . 
  decent list . 
  7 is a great fact, 
  he usually just plays video games when he 's not arsed to write apparently . 
  he 's took up a new pass time !, 
   it would really suck if the two best teams had to play each other in the first round . 
  it also would suck for the poorer teams to have to play the best teams constantly , year after year , not allowing them as a club to grow, 
  if you 're not able to get to the latter end of the competition you miss out on funding , and publicity stopping the team from being able to grow , and keeping them as a small club . 
  all of them . 
  every club has its annoying fans . 
  we 've played luton a few times , and every time there 's been fighting and bad things going on . 
  but let 's be honest , no matter who you say on this thread you 're going to get downvoted by their fans, 
  pretty much the only trophy he has n't won , too . 
  ah well , there 's still time . 
  clever . 
  not the original poster , but it 's not difficult to dislike real madrid . 
  they 're the king 's club , they 're minted , they can afford to buy the best players and all the competition . 
  and personally i 've seen just as many annoying madrid fans as barcelona . 
  by ` every season ' do you mean the last three or four ? 
  houllier actually had more right than avb has . 
  after all he did sign djimi traore . . 
  if you 're not some sort of indie-formal person you 're fucked , essentially, 
  the one where homer goes to clown college was on the other month . 
  i near died of happiness, 
  expecting a 7 minute chelsea booing if that happens, 
  it would be brilliant if he gets a role as anyone in the show to be honest, 
  easier to like when he 's not scoring four against your own team probably, 
  will smith in pursuit of happyness shown me just how good he can be in non-comedic roles . 
  though since then he 's done a lot more serious roles, 
  fred everiss managed for 48 years , so him i 'd imagine, 
  those two for one cocktail pitchers will be the death of me . 
  4 pitchers for # 20 of nothing but alcohol and pure sugar induce shakes like nothing else . 
  a lot of talk a few year ago robinson was going to join us as assistant and be tutored for management . 
  did n't quite work out . 
  yeah after the chelsea/spurs semi final the other year with all the booing , i 'd have thought it 'd just be us who do the minutes silence now, 
  the frustrating thing for cardiff fans is that if they kept malky i 'd have thought they 'd stay up . 
  signing a new manager , inexperienced in england is just baffling, 
  his cross field balls are really impressive . 
  those people i did n't dislike . 
  the ones who got a 's , and cried visibly and made a fuss , are who i hate . 
  this is my dream , i just do n't tell anyone , because i know in the likelihood i never will , so i do n't want people to pity me for not achieving my goals, 
  haunting in connecticut has nothing but them, 
  ah , the motto for / r/todayilearned, 
  same , enjoying it so far though i 'm not too far in . 
  any idea on how long it is ? 
  think every team will be after him, 
  fight club , forrest gump , jurassic park , lotr , godfather . 
  there 's loads !, 
  if wigan ever played them , none would go.literally zero, 
  no one doubts his eye for business deals , he 's knocking them out the park , it 's his wrapping up of deals that 's questionable . 
  gerrard and lampard was always interesting . 
  splits opinion over who 's ` better ' , and has done for 13 odd year, 
  ** he was not punished for this tackle . 
  seen it three times , still do n't like it . 
  on football manager my category one status always goes down after the first season . 
  what other teams have a ` category one ' status ? 
  and that 's happened forever . 
  there 's only so many questions , and they almost always bring new answers . 
  equality, 
  stannis would n't . 
  robb would n't . 
  dany would . 
  ** major spoiler above from game of thrones **, 
  3 was one of my favourite games ever . 
  since then every one i 've played have felt a bit ` meh ' to me . 
  probably get this one though , just a shame it 's not out until april here, 
  part the reason i prefer the physical copy , you can sell them on when you buy absolute filth .
