  donnarumma been that good ? 
  even if they were , 13 points in the group stage kind of negates it . 
  not long off surgery , i 've now completely lost my appetite and keep throwing up . 
  must have been the doctors about 20 times this year . 
  sorry about single handedly destroying the nhs boys . 
  what about [ i 'll tell me ma ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gv5eksyrhqy ), 
  yeah , they had a good sense of music . 
  some belters in there . 
  brand new , bright eyes , explosions in the sky , the national , death cab for cutie . 
  you 're gon na struggle finding people saying fam and peng in the north west, 
   middle of the day for no reason . 
  well there kind of is , it gets too warm to be productive . 
  not really true though . 
  aslan is a lion . 
  caste system , arranged marriages , marrying animals , how many people are on trains , honour killings , that 's a start, 
  that 's where op is, 
  got a dove one . 
  first time ever i think i did n't get lynx, 
  dove , socks and rum . 
  my family know me well, 
  cinema i work at in the uk is closed today , thankfully . 
  christmas eve is usually by far our busiest day , but it closes at half eight on christmas eve so it 's okay , and boxing day opens around noonish . 
  to be honest if it was open on christmas day i 'd happily work it . 
  it 's not really . 
  if he 's a even slightly decent backup , that 's fine . 
  we paid 2.5 million for brad jones once upon a time . 
  turn off your volume, 
  tourists go to oxford ? 
  til . 
  but in the same way , absolute radio and all its stations are pretty much the only good stations , even if there 's occasional nickelback, 
  to be honest i do n't think torres and drogba were ever even close to messi/ronaldo . 
  kaka for a season or two , sure , but torres/drog nah . 
  ian brown from the stone roses had a [ cameo ] ( http://www.beyondhogwarts.com/stories/images/ianbrownandbook.jpg ) too, 
  depends how well they do at the afcon, 
  really loving [ silk by wolf alice ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtsn7uugtfg ) since seeing the t2 trailer, 
  love that album , found it for 99p the other week . 
  bargain . 
  most of it is london slang i think . 
  i knew like 3 from there, 
  well that 's a weird one . 
  really is a tight bugger , is mccarthy . 
  shame he did n't avoid green street . 
  had a good year for us too, 
  to be fair , have n't your lot spent a shitload over the past few years ? 
  got ta imagine they 'll come straight back down though . 
  especially with their owner, 
  seen joey barton in work last night . 
  came in with his kid to watch fantastic beasts . 
  nice guy , well mannered , so tempted to ask him if he had any betting tips though . 
  it 's not , it takes an unexpected tone change , but i still really liked the entire movie . 
  especially on second viewing when i knew it was coming . 
  the actual last 5 minutes are beautiful imo . 
  will be , he 's still getting back to match fitness . 
  as great as he is , we have players who can fill in instead of cou, 
  it 's nice we 've replaced one war criminal with another one, 
  firmino you absolute fucking hero, 
  ... why ? 
  should have brought origi on instead of sturridge, 
  he 's actually been solid usually when he 's played . 
  we wo n't win the title because we 're not good enough , but no one was really expecting us to . 
  i given up with pub quiz 's as much as i quite liked them , because every time we won , we 'd always get accused of cheating just because we were like 20/21 . 
  five goals , bunch of subs ? 
  thing is , not to sound up our own arses but we 're all uni educated , and some of my mates are really bloody smart, 
  on a nostalgia trip now listening to gcwcf . 
  this is a great way to get people tipsy , just make sure everyone has a few drinks ready, 
  from cheshire , understood it fine , same for the first one . 
  think places like america may struggle , and be better off with subs though , can see why some people will struggle, 
  kinda felt to me like it was the way to get them into the nightclub too , where they could run into begby, 
  yeah , can imagine that scene having an odd reaction depending on what cinema you see that up in glasgow ... 
  this is fucking woeful . 
  no gameplan , no confidence . 
  if you 're gon na moan about anyone , moan about our three midfielders that are getting bossed by two chelsea ones . 
  is never let me go any good ? 
  after reading the book i really struggled to see how they 'd make it into a movie, 
  most of these i more or less remember , but fuck me , that 's a name i ai n't heard in ten years, 
  he was . 
  he was signed to replace hyypia as fourth choice cb , bought for back up and to be essentially a wall , never complained , always put in a shift and got a fair few goals too iirc . 
  we 'll take him then . 
  it 's an easy game when you work in retail , they always have wods of # 20 's, 
  yeah i thought that too . 
  think he would be okay for us . 
  versatile and still young, 
  surprisingly good show , despite its name . 
  if you like police procedurals and/or hannibal it may be worth checking out . 
  i mean , in the cinema i work at it 's already sold out for fridays showings , and the entire weekend will probably be sold out by wednesday . 
  does n't seem too risky, 
  any streams about ? 
  good decision . 
  nearly finished uni , got about three weeks left . 
  do n't know what convinced me to do a computer science based course because i 've fucking hated all three years . 
  i have three weeks to become a master at android studio and not cock up my biggest module . 
  i 've not even gotten onto the ` main ' bit of my application yet , i 'm still stuck on the login function . 
  for some reason using cursors to iterate through my database to find email/password is constantly throwing me errors , no matter what i do . 
  goddamn computers, 
  part of it is just the university experience in general , part of it is the course . 
  bits seem overly irrelevant/redundant . 
  one of our modules was about networks , then the coursework we had for it was completely irrelevant to networking , and it 's just like , what 's the point ? 
  the module taught us about networks , then we were n't even graded on anything to do with networks . 
  eh if you like that stuff you probably wo n't mind it , most uni degrees in general are whole load of bollocks anyway , and now degrees are pretty meaningless as everyone has one, 
  i work in a cinema in england , three showings of it yesterday , think it got about 35 people max , only three turned up for the half eight showing .
