  whatta shit pen . 
  we played well throughout . 
  but my god we bottled those pens . 
  the players decide who wants to take them , they must n't have fancied it . 
  trust me , we do n't wan na say it either . 
  we * have * to . 
  if the manager 's there , i 'd still just read the script . 
  i get that you 're clearly trying to stop me from asking if there 's anything else you want , but it 's not worth the grief, 
  he played plenty last year too . 
  and he still was n't good . 
  corned beef scouse . 
  yum, 
  doomsayer works in most control decks to be honest . 
  love it against shaman when they 've played totem golem and are overloaded . 
  he met tolkein and got his permission to play gandalf should they ever be made into movies . 
  maybe you just need to find better clubs . 
  yeah it 's popular , particularly for older people . 
  it 's been on since 1960 , and is on multiple times a week . 
  there 's been 8,851 episodes apparently . 
  that website must have sucked . 
  our cinema does n't allow children ticket sales for 15/18 's etc. 
  she 's alright . 
  she 's no gary , but we always need a back up, 
  celtic fans hate liverpool though, 
  it 's so nice to see kuyt loved by literally every team he 's ever played for . 
  he 's a hero . 
  he 's the one who came to my head when i read the title , too . 
  his goal against everton i 'll always remember . 
  my knowledge on it only comes from talkceltic , maybe they 're not the nicest bunch . 
  lallana for sure . 
  i wo n't lie , i 'm not a fan of his . 
  i just do n't think he does enough , and is too slow on the ball . 
  then every so often he just plays great ( like against city ) , and i hope he kicks on , but he never seems to . 
  think klopp 's a big fan though , so i think i should get used to him . 
  what amazes me about navas is , he takes the corners . 
  he 's very quick and direct , but ca n't cross for shit . 
  when your team has kolarov , silva , toure et al , why on earth is navas on corner duty ? 
  no they do n't . 
  everyone can see his quality . 
  he sounds more irish than geordie . 
  steve holt !, 
  anyone played black desert online ? 
  any good ? 
  what 's that bloke doing making eeyore noises ? 
  you were saying ? 
  i dunno , one of the top posts is about how they 've failed to beat anyone in the top seven . 
  you can get them from morrisons and tesco , but the choice is small . 
  usually hobgoblin or old speckled, 
  they increased it in the football league too , but too many teams just did n't have the numbers to fill up the bench, 
  but what about irish americans ?!, 
  especially with the momentum from a new manager . 
  so long as you do n't get someone like shearer again you 'll be fine . 
  rodgers would be perfect . 
  lower expectations at the club , but fans who 'll flock to him when he gets them to ~ 10th playing decent footy . 
  he 'll help players like perez and mitrovic , too . 
  six feet under . 
  you feel so close to the family and you genuinely feel their emotions ( apart from rico ; fuck rico ) , not just the last montage which makes you bawl , but so many episodes are just devastating . 
  shit , is this a brit-only thing ? 
  i love sweetcorn on pizza . 
  not really . 
  i just greet them and walk past . 
  most 24/7 maccies have bouncers on the weekend or student night . 
  shit kicks off more than you 'd think . 
  the bbc gets called leftist by rightist , and rightist by leftist 's . 
  i 'd say they 're still doing the job pretty well . 
  he 's on the bench . 
  well he did play for psg, 
  ** pulp fiction **, 
  i work at a cinema , do n't give a shit if people sneak in food , our management do n't either . 
  the only thing they do n't like is smelly food . 
  subway is smelly food . 
  if there 's decent amounts of people in the screen it 's just inconsiderate . 
  same . 
  penalties are n't his strongest point . 
  well how the fuck was n't that 2-0, 
  annoying thing about that shot , coutinho is actually quite two footed . 
  moreno has no brain . 
  any keeper saves that one to be fair . 
  you 've got tiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiime, 
  that looked a yellow . 
  does the team that comes runner up in the el get the champions league spot if the winner is already qualified ? 
  fuck off elbows . 
  easy now ... 
  we have more chance of scoring off a counter attack from a united corner than from our own corners . 
  clyne 's playing really well . 
  no fucker in our side can take them . 
  not one . 
  noooo chance . 
  think we can challenge for the top four depending on who we sign in the summer . 
  moreno did n't even appeal for that ... 
  the fuck was that yernited defending ? 
  fire crackers off, 
  no pyro no party, 
  long lost manic street preachers member, 
  do n't think selling di maria was the problem . 
  got a good fee , he was n't completely looking at staying at manc . 
  it 's just always a risk buying playing from the netherlands . 
  sink or swim . 
  no one does . 
  clever from carrick , knows we ca n't score from corners .
