  what exactly do you like so much about britain ? 
  do you like the scouse accent ? 
  clearly you 've not seen geordie shore . 
  how so ? 
  do you mean the posh cockney accent that only 1 % of people have ? 
  netherlands for me . 
  think they deserve to win a world cup by now, 
  i 'm a brit , but unfortunately born on the 3rd of july . 
  started getting these recently . 
  pissing me right off . 
  surely there 's a way to stop it ? 
  what do you mean by standard ? 
  there is n't really one . 
  do you mean the benendick cumberding one ? 
  pubs are something we probably do better than most countries out there . 
  i live in the north west , and we have some lovely pubs , but unfortunately most are being bought out by pub chains and it 's kind of killing it . 
  i usually get them on my mobile phone , any way to stop them do you know ? 
  and to think hes been knighted !, 
  offside, 
  happy america are winning , but all the goddamn ` freedom ' and shit posts better not start now, 
  happens everywhere on reddit, 
  kuyt 's a champion . 
  he could play centre half , and do well . 
  oddly enough i rewatched this yesterday . 
  one of my favourite films , it 's absolutely wonderful . 
  my favourite part is the banana scene . 
  agreed !, 
  think the casting was good , but i just did n't find it funny at all , whereas in the book i was laughing constantly . 
  really wanted to turn off the movie . 
  agreed . 
  iirc even tarantino came out and said the same thing . 
  personally , i think it was a good movie . 
  but it did n't seem like a bond movie . 
  this one does n't half split opinions . 
  i heard it 's a bit marmite-y , and did n't think i 'd like it . 
  i loved it . 
  seen it a few times since i first seen it the other month, 
  i think it 's going to be a commerical success ( obviously ) , and quite popular , but i think it 'll be all action and no substance . 
  like the avengers . 
  relevant as ever . 
  i remember being shown this in my philosophy class and being completely blown away by it . 
  i know it 's not exactly unknown , and it 's high in imdb 's ratings , but it 's such a shame no one i know has seen it , or wants to . 
  this time of the summer again ... 
   i 'd pay for him . 
  i 'd imagine this would be the case !, 
  bucket list , the girl next door and unbreakable . 
  interesting . 
  would n't go so far to say they ` cheered him ' , but in liverpool there 's not a great deal of patriotism for the national side . 
  a state of ambivalence, 
  it 'll only count for internationals, 
  agreed , i loved it . 
  not sure cera was the right choice though . 
  the vat on smokes bring in more , than the nhs spends on smoking related illnesses . 
  problem with zavvi , is that they do n't , for me anyway , usually deliver it on the release day, 
  if he has a mental issue , does n't much matter . 
  he needs help , of course . 
  but banning him from football wo n't help that . 
  players with mental problems do n't get banned from football , they get help . 
  when andy goram was diagnosed with schizophrenia , he was n't banned from football . 
  yeah , you would be sacked . 
  the only people who can sack him is liverpool . 
  he ca n't be sacked from the fifa , only banned for a bit . 
  no one has been banned from domestic matches , by doing something stupid in an international before . 
  where am i defending him ? 
  what he done was stupid . 
  he did it for uruguay , not liverpool . 
  well i ca n't speak for any other team , as i support liverpool , but i can say yes , i would have the same opinion . 
  i can live with that . 
  president 's discount . 
  he 's going back on loan to them . 
  probably might be for two seasons . 
  can any french folk give a bit of a run down on him ? 
  he 's obviously very young and raw . 
  sounds promising !, 
  thanks for that, 
   their lawyers will maintain the images of bite marks were ` photoshopped ' to make the incident look more serious than it was . 
  well to be fair , the image on the mirror website was the photoshopped version . 
  no one knows to be honest , its all up in the air, 
  yes . 
  depends on how fifa judge it, 
  such is life on a fickle subreddit, 
  belgium are closing in on their third win , and they 've yet to play well . 
  there are cinderella stories , but not really to the point they 'll win the wc . 
  in the 2004 euros , greece won it . 
  now that was an upset . 
  i can only really see two out of about four or five winning it though . 
  brazil , germany , france , netherlands , argentina , ca n't really see anyone else winning it . 
  i like his beard . 
  forrest gump . 
  the one thing i remember about this movie , other than how great it is , is his progression of facial hair and hair . 
  did n't john snow ( no , not that one ) , get in trouble for it because he did n't wear one ? 
  tony b retweeted this, 
  `` luis enrique is insisting on signing su\u00e1rez ... guardiola 's innocent boy scouts will be a thing of the past '' , says @as_relano, 
  try your rum , gin , vodka , whiskey , bourbon , etc. 
  i finish at nine tonight , which is n't too bad , but i 'm also in work tomorrow at ten . 
  i 'm not what it is about children of men , but * something * in it is so unique, 
  i live in liverpool . 
  it 's weird seeing it discussed on reddit , more than in real life . 
  hmm , not sure if i see sanchez happening unless someone 's leaving . 
  seems odd how we 're seemingly only looking to strengthen our attack .
