  this 'll probably devolve to a pissing contest . 
  you really think that 's a great title ? 
  it 's almost as if movies do n't always represent real life ? 
  to put it strongly , fuck yes . 
  just for fun , i 'll guess what the teams will be . 
  jones ; johnson , terry , williams , riise ; alonso , gerrard ; suarez , torres , lambert , henry . 
  in the classic , 4-2-4 formation . 
  ) , kelly ; shelvey , lucas , garcia , downing ; drogba , bellamy . 
  some serious problems in that defence . 
  even as winger/striker , he looks way off it . 
  i doubt people in india and china know who , or even care about nancy grace . 
  definitely quite enjoyed it , for a modern horror . 
  really built on my paranoia , and was surprisingly well acted . 
  definitely had its share of plot holes though . 
  serial killer . 
  each member has a role , sk has to kill town . 
  `` role '', 
  `` medium '', 
  `` post abilities '', 
  / executes . 
  swap coutinho and sterling . 
  and i 'd prefer milner in midfield than allen . 
  nah , we got him to play with torres , carroll was the one we spent the cash on . 
  pure filth . 
  pure filth from henry . 
  did you see the united match ? 
  he 's a good squad player to have , but he 's not a first eleven player at the moment . 
  not sure if you can say , but is it absolute radio by any chance ? 
  i only mention because they have so many bloody stations . 
  that 's worse than my stream , and my stream 's baaad . 
  no chance the american will lose after that build up . 
  seen it the other week , really enjoyed it to be honest . 
  was n't expecting to . 
  been waiting for / r/movies to see it , so i could find out i 'm not weird for liking it ... 
  anyway to organise the songs in my playlist ? 
  on my pc , i just put it so last one i put in playlist is at the top . 
  i really liked him for us . 
  not a superstar , but a good player . 
  2006 or 7 u-21 's world cup he was absolutely amazing . 
  he 's been superb at stoke , though . 
  what did n't you like ? 
  although reddit creams itself over it , it 's still not * massively * rated . 
  i did n't like braveheart either . 
  gladiator came out about the same time , i know which one i 'd prefer to watch . 
  it 's a stupid movie , but it had fun moments . 
  i think if you put it in the context of when it was released , it 's a masterpiece . 
  first time i seen it , i could n't think about anything else for ages . 
  `` the godfather '' `` fine , i can see it . '', 
  `` avengers '' `` yeah , okay '' `` drive '' , '' yeah i can see that '', 
  [ ehrm ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31g0ye61plq ), 
  so if it 's about something which you already know , you ca n't enjoy the movie ? 
  i get the acting , it was n't great bar clint . 
  just because a movie is about something you know is true/isn ' t true/whatever , does n't mean you ca n't like it . 
  no one rates shamalyan ( sp ) anymore . 
  quite the opposite . 
  to be fair , most characters in royal tenebaums were unlikable . 
  do n't watch 2001 a space odyssey then !, 
  and his headers , good god his headers . 
  surprisingly springy . 
  iirc bolly is the fastest on fifa , if that helps . 
  yeah . 
  i preferred steve zissou to moonrise kingdom though . 
  it had his charm , but it 's the only wa movie i felt bored watching . 
  phil jones just got done by chiellini . 
  wow , england 's subs are poor . 
  case in point , for offensive options we have ryan mason and andros townsend . 
  so was torres . 
  it 's on comedy central tonight . 
  i want all jester , and one sk as a game mode . 
  true . 
  all bg and one sk . 
  rumour has it ryan babel does n't have a right foot . 
  to be fair , he 's been crap for weeks now . 
  benching him would n't harm us . 
  he 's really not . 
  origi is n't really a striker , though . 
  think it 's a ` he 's linked somewhere else , therefore any criticism must reactionary '' feeling . 
  which it is n't . 
  markovic , maybe . 
  or ibe , when he comes back from injury . 
  meh , it 's not massive . 
  two huge clubs , going through trauma . 
  sure , you have a better history in european competitions , but rangers ' history is n't anything to be questioned . 
   corrupt evil people running the country, 
  true . 
   high government officials abuse children and then cover it up with blackmail and threats . 
  also true . 
  however , maybe we 're the first to out them , i doubt it was a uk only thing . 
  iirc most school shootings in america happen in april ... 
  it was huge in the uk around then , too . 
  then facebook came , and everyone stopped using it . 
  he was meant to be the ` voice of reason ' , but jim kind of became that , so they just gave him a pretty funny role through season 6 and 7 . 
  should n't scoff at rangers . 
  54 league wins . 
  one of the largest fan bases in the world . 
  what type of job is it ? 
  just curious . 
  cameron 's hair 's already gotten messy . 
  wo n't be him . 
  must have cost his mum a fair fortune,
