  drogo was a badass, 
  downloaded dwarf fortress about 2 year ago . 
  still not played it . 
  scared of the learning curve . 
  they 're not unexplainable , but i thought it worth posting http://www.trutv.com/library/crime/blog/article/chilling-final-photos-of-murder-victims-taken-by-their-killers/index.html, 
  i 've experienced this before . 
  fucked me right up . 
  there 's not even any babies nearby , too . 
  next season ought to be the best . 
  same !, 
  watched them all few month back , never knew what i was missing . 
  absolutely fantastic . 
  i do n't know how it works , when you think about it , it 's basically a character study . 
  but god damn it 's good , not one episode that 's bad that i can think of . 
  the episode with the carjacking is probably my favourite episode of anything ever . 
  loved all of it , apart from the time spent in ireland . 
  that was so dull . 
  more like last few seasons, 
  last few seasons were woeful . 
  could tell they ran out of ideas , `` the island is always moving '' , `` the island is always moving through time ! '', 
  `` there 's a wheel to move the island !, 
  '' , it got to the point where it was basically like watching a car crash and i could n't look away so i kept watching . 
  squad depth is an issue , but we 've thrown coutinho in at the deep end and he 's been fantastic , we 'd struggle to find a better player in his position currently , especially one who 'd want to join us, 
  the butterfly effect, 
  i ca n't eat wotsits anymore . 
  there was a lad in my secondary school who would eat them constantly , and the sight of his permanently yellow-y orange fingers sends shivers down my spine . 
  `` it went * okay * '', 
  or at least you * hope it did *, 
  here 's the list ;, 
  dawn of the dead ( 2004 ), 
  do n't be afraid of the dark ( 2011 ), 
  dracula ( 1979 ), 
  evil dead ( 2013 ), 
  the fly ( 1986 ), 
  fright night ( 2011 ), 
  the hills have eyes ( 2006 ), 
  dracula ( 1958 ), 
  invasion of the body snatchers ( 1978 ), 
  let me in ( 2010 ), 
  little shop of horrors ( 1986 ), 
  night of the living dead ( 1990 ), 
  nosferatu the vampyre ( 1979 ), 
  the shining ( 1979 ), 
  the blob ( 1988 ), 
  the ring ( 2002 ), 
  the thing ( 1982 ), 
  england i 'd imagine . 
  same for simpsons . 
  watching ssn 8 again currently, 
  glad when he left , it basically became the ` frankie boyle show ' where all he would do is talk about paedophiles , adrian chiles , or something as equally crude . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't really watch it anymore but that 's mainly because i want to murder russell howard and the sight of him fills me with rage . 
  edit - is howard still on it ? 
  you make my dreams come true by hall and oates too, 
  where is my mind by the pixies in fight club, 
  you never can tell by chuck berry in pulp fiction, 
  i quite enjoyed the 2011 one in all honesty . 
  saying that , i think it was just because mary elizabeth winstead was in it, 
  that list is a bit shite . 
  carl from twd , and rickon are obviously both based on characters already . 
  you ca n't just say ` rats , people do n't like carl killing people ? 
  let 's give him some barbies to play with all season ! ' . 
  one of the main things about carl is how the world is making him cold , and he 's growing up really quickly . 
  rickon 's really not an important character ( yet , anyway ) , where his story takes him will probably really affect the storyline , the article 's suggesting to stop him from where he 's going , bring him back to the camera 's for a slightly more on-screen role . 
  the writer for this article has clearly not read the books , and probably not the twd comics, 
  gerrard 's one of the better england players , despite his age . 
  not the most amazing , but works like fuck , wo n't let them down , and is still pretty amazing . 
  different type of player to how he used to be , but still effective . 
  he 'd still be good enough for us , but he wanted to go home unfortunately . 
  weirdly enough , lucas , since his injury has n't hit the form he had before it yet . 
  still waiting on it . 
  i never really thought of robert as a great fighter , to rival the best . 
  it was his brute force and charisma which really got him going , not his brilliant fighting skills, 
  [ affc ] ( #b `` iirc jaimie thinks of loras as a younger version of himself , so he rates his ability , but might think he 's a bit of a nob '' ), 
  i think it 'd have been more popular had it came out ten years before it did . 
  after the day after tomorrow and all the other films just like it , people are just more bored by the type of film it is . 
  be more worried if i seen him in my shower, 
  yup , every town near me does n't have any barriers . 
  the ones in manchester have people stood there instead of barriers . 
  seems like it 'd be cheaper with barriers , rather than people , mind, 
  same with student cards in general . 
  go into maccies and say you have your student card to get your free food , they 're not arsed if you actually have an nus or student card or anything , they 'd give it to anybody, 
  i say tescos , but i do n't say asda 's , so it 's fine, 
  huh , never really thought of it like that . 
  you 're right though , jon well wanted it though . 
  `` and beric rose from the ground . 
  * wtf * '', 
  my name 's adam . 
  i have 224 ` friends . ', 
  very good , very young english player . 
  already established in the derby team , could be a very good player . 
  pretty certain we 're definitely interested in him . 
  my favourite is , and always has been asda . 
  very true . 
  i think mourinho would have jumped at the chance , but at the most he 'd give them 2/3 years of success with controversy and then leave . 
  do n't think ferguson and co wanted that , they wanted a committed manager who may take some time to get to grips with it , but would be there for the long term . 
  if there 's one person who knows success takes a few years , it 's ferguson . 
  they could have possibly took the risk and signed a young manager with limited success ( like we 've done at liverpool , and so far it 's working well ) , but it would n't half have had to be a manager with bottle . 
  laudrup could have been a shout . 
   this and misfits the best of british tv . 
  as an englishman , i respectfully disagree .
