  do a lot of american schools have school police officer people ? 
  henderson is not an attacking midfielder either , not as defensive as carrivk , but still, 
  oh yeah , you 're the eggs guy !, 
  brown eggs , not white , right ? 
  jagermeister , not only does it taste awfully , in a drunken state once i kept drinking it ( half a bottle or so ) when i was already quite drunk and then i passed out . 
   also why am i being downvoted, 
  because you come into here from somewhere , not knowing who she was , and making a comment on something you know nothing about . 
  which is not too bad , but the bad thing is you clearly do n't care enough to google her and her policies , and why so many people despise the fuck out of her . 
  you 're basically insulting the majority of britons calling them ` batshit insane ' , then asking why you 're being downvoted ? 
  yup . 
  the horrible/funny thing is , they sing that more than songs about their own players/club . 
  new episodes ai n't so hot . 
  back to earth was atrocious . 
  otis , too, 
  the bit with his brother in the bath pissed me off . 
  no need for him to do that , whatsoever !, 
  enjoyed it quite a bit , personally , in the cinema , but then when i seen it again it was a bit meh . 
  not one of boyle 's best . 
  itt indie bands which / r/music constantly posts about, 
  *** minimum *** of 6 added minutes, 
  it 's slow for 125-odd pages , but i still think it 's great . 
  if nothing else , just as a warning and a benchmark for such societies , and how we 're becoming more and more like london in the book . 
  `` if you crack your knuckles you 'll get arthritis ! '', 
  he 's not in rome , remember , that 's the point of the thead !, 
  agreed !, 
  i 'm 17 now , and for as long as i remember he 's been there . 
  i know carra 's in a similar position , the day either retire ( not long for carra ) , will be a horrible realisation . 
  you deserved better from that match , must be said . 
  holy fuck . 
  he looks so much older than hyypia . 
  agreed . 
  i like bennett , not just because i 'm a greens supporter , mind . 
  she 's the only left winged one there . 
  i hope that more left wingers go for the actual left winged party in the next election . 
  pretty much this and all other comments , plus it hits close to home for many of us . 
  my dad was involved in it , so we constantly listen for news of it in our home, 
  aye , i think one of the problem 's they 'll have is lack of knowledge about them really . 
  the average person has little interest in politics and probably do n't even know the lib dems too well , so they 'll just vote out of habit . 
  whilst ukip/bnp have the ` wow ' factor in some ways , the ` omg ' knowledge about them , whereas because greens are more sane less people know about them and it makes me sad . 
  also look at uruguay , and holland etc. 
  many countries with some legalised drugs do not , as conservatives would have you believe , disrupt society . 
  quite the opposite . 
  really ? 
  the vast majority of people in the uk are for euthanasia . 
  you would have to stop a lot of global trade in a communist state , creating more jobs creating goods , and then distributing said goods in the state itself . 
  if this happened it would be entirely about government and how they control the markets . 
  now that is controversial , and i respect , ( and strongly disagree ) your opinion, 
  because now human rights are much more of an issue . 
  few hundred years back , poverty , famine , disease etc was vastly common , and no one gave a shit . 
  now , in most western countries at least , this has for the large part , stopped . 
  wow , tbbt sucks is an unpopular opinion ? 
  on * reddit * ? 
  ( not unpopular where i live , but for the vast majority of you it could count if you 're americans ), 
  gun ownership is bad and should be illegal with no exceptions . 
  american beauty is one i watch when i need to remember not everything in life is serious , and you can do whatever the fuck makes you happy if you want to, 
  not necessarily . 
  here in the uk , there are slight allowances for guns , but armed robbery/armed anything , really , is very low . 
  some criminals may get their hands on guns , but only the ones who are serious about it . 
  you wo n't get some bloke robbing a shop with a handgun , for example . 
  in the us , gun ownership is so large that the idea of complete disarmament is a distant one , but psychological/mental testing for all people with gun licenses is a very good thing . 
  he is on the pitch , but off it he 's quite the gentleman, 
  no they do n't . 
  and he 's not seen as a shitty person , he 's seen as a bit of a shitty player in his antics , but off the field he is not . 
  he 's good friends with a fair few of the players , and regularly goes out to meals etc with them . 
  i think http://en.reddit.com/r/self might me a better place to post this, 
  i think govenor kill will be dealt with about mid season , then they 'll move on , meet [ ] ( / c `` abraham/rosita/eugene '' ) , then the [ ] ( / c `` hunters , and the whole deal that happened to dale will happen to someone , and then a bit of drama about maggie trying to kill herself , ending with michonne , abe and rick fucking the shit out of the hunters . '' ), 
  abe should be in all our theories , god i love the shit out of that man, 
  [ ] ( / c `` still pissed at him dying :( . '' ), 
  i always think that twitter is a bit unfair , chances are similarly stupid ones can be made from any football forum by skimming through it for the idiots , and looking for comments out of context . 
  okay !, 
  i did n't think i 'd need to though , because the title is a comic spoiler , but i will do anyway, 
  it 's a wonderful show . 
  i watch the fuck out of it everday . 
  highlight of my day . 
  you spelled dead horse wrong . 
   for example , over at / r/liverpoolfc [ 1 ] , we still found downing endearing even when he was shit, 
  i missed the memo ? 
  note the # used , ergo he 's probably from the uk , in which you wear uniforms . 
  my headteacher did n't like me not having my jumper on , did n't care about tie, 
  mcdonalds/kfc etc are generally perceived badly in the uk , rightly so . 
  there are too many of them , and too many people eat at them regularly . 
  personally i hate them , they 're unhygienic , treat animals badly , and they 're some of the most unsatisfying meals i 've ever ate . 
  i 'll only eat them when i have no choice . 
  it 's relatively cheap , but i 've never walked out of there happy , or pleased with the price paid compared to the food i 'd gotten . 
  most people here know how unhealthy it is , but they 're still really popular , unfortunately . 
  chippies are much nicer , more filling and better value . 
  if liverpool did n't exist , being brought up in the area , as much as i 'd hate to admit it , i 'd probably support everton . 
  very good player , but most people recognise that , so i would n't really call him under-rated . 
  i heard about that too , but i think it was quite a clever move . 
  it shows no one is invincible , and anything can happen anytime . 
  i remember reading it for the first time and i was shocked about how quickly and off-the-cuff it happened . 
  now it kind of made rick the figurehead leader of the group , but he hardly fights , really , michonne and andrea are the best in combat . 
  she 's not that old !, 
  plus she has the best medical care out there . 
  i mean keith richards or someone 's spent their entire life high and drunk as balls , where as lizzy 's not, 
  i remember once arguing with someone in / r/foreveralone because i suggested maybe he should stop masturbating for a while to see if it makes him more confident and whatnot . 
  he came in with a load of ` well , studies show masturbating is healthy ... reduces xyz ... and a bunch of other stuff ' , and i said maybe it 's like a placebo effect and it might help you , but he said no and that it 's silly because it 's not actually helping anyone etc. 
  i was downvoted into oblivion . 
  i think he 's a myth, 
  seen something recently which said boys who hold the door open for girls are shitlords who are using their physical strength and musk from their underarm to oppress them women and show them who 's in charge .
