  his last year was a complete and utter shambles , it was horrible . 
  similar situation to rodgers last year and this . 
  finish 2nd , should have won the league , everyone 's optimistic , we lose a key player , and the next year is absolutely terrible . 
  difference is , rafa was sacked , rodgers has n't been . 
  what ? 
  european competitions , that better ? 
  if she was kidnapped ( there 's no proof she even was ... ) , 99 % of kidnappee 's die within the first 24 hours . 
  but yeah , they 're far more likely to have been abducted by a family member or friend than a randomer . 
  never seen anyone clap at the end of a movie . 
  i got lynched for saying it 's stupid in / r/movies once if people clap and shout during the movie . 
  did n't pay for a ticket to hear someone else cheer when the hero jumps out of the burning building and punches a german in the face . 
  well we already know that , they 're completely different players ... 
  suppose he 's staying at everton then, 
  yeah , first time i 've heard of someone not liking this is op . 
  i think it looks good . 
  he could be out-maneuvered domestically , sure , but he still got us to finish fourth or third in almost all his years with us . 
  the subs were mainly down to us having a great team , but poor squad , so he wanted to keep key players fit . 
  got stuck on an entrance to a roundabout the other week . 
  my exit route was clear , apart from people queuing up for one exit all the way around it , completely blocking me off . 
  stuck there for ten minutes , pissed me right off . 
  unhealthy food is cheap most places , it is here in the uk , but were you lot differ is the portion sizes . 
  we have some of your restaurants like five guys ( iirc ) , and apparently the portion sizes are the same you lot get in america , and it 's too much, 
  i really do n't like celebrity juice though ( the one in this clip with keith lemon ) . 
  i just ca n't stand keith lemon . 
  i would n't say that 's necessarily true . 
  bits of it is luck , and how they perform in front of scouts . 
  no doubt some players who could have been superb did n't take the step up for whatever reason . 
  yum . 
  really watery gravy shepherd 's pie with peas . 
  `` because i 'm an ugly fuck '', 
  you wish for three more wishes too , do n't you ? 
  think he and the producer made up, 
  blair witch project of this generation . 
  low budget , but relatively unique . 
  more unique than most horror movies , of course since then there 's been loads of similar movies . 
  the cast . 
  the cast is great . 
  i thought they essentially do n't even exist anymore, 
  owl-man ... be surprised if that 's not already a thing . 
  please , do go on . 
  back off , he 's mine !, 
  did anyone else laugh once they seen the awkward passenger in the car . 
  there 's something adorably innocent and massively dangerous about that . 
  most surreal movie i 've ever seen . 
  loved it . 
  i would n't be here if my dad was n't fortunate enough to get out of hillsborough . 
  my grandad was meant to go , too , but could n't make it , no chance he 'd have gotten out if he 'd gone . 
  horrifying stuff . 
  `` how to build a missile '', 
  recently english teams have been getting worse . 
  for us , we just do n't seem to have a manager who has a clue what to do in europe . 
  my favourite was always laputa . 
  shame it 's not on, 
  was that when bill murray was on it , too ? 
  i remember that episode , they were all bladdered . 
  it was hilarious . 
  `` tell me a joke '', 
  if it 's south of the m62 then i do n't want to know, 
  where i live it closes at midnight sunday , re-opens at 6am , then closes at 4pm , otherwise it 's 24 hour . 
  there 's something beautiful about going tesco at 4am on a tuesday night . 
  what on earth is ultra hd ? 
  not saying i agree with the fabregas booing , and it 's true wenger passed up the chance to sign him , but he still joined one of their rivals , even if it was n't directly . 
  ramires, 
  true . 
  it 's like owen with us . 
  some restaurants in the uk do it too , but not too many . 
  in the game . 
  baffling match to watch . 
  he really does , but goddamn i love him . 
  champion . 
  diouf and everyone . 
   asked who was the worst player he played alongside or against by scouse bird problems , carragher replied : `` the worst has to be el hadji diouf . 
   `` actually , i quite enjoyed playing against him as you could kick him them -- ca n't kick your own players . '', 
  they made up quickly though . 
  the week after bellers scored at camp nou and done [ this ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2011/09/09/article-2035708-0da8e82b00000578-571_468x444.jpg ), 
  [ guilty pleasure ] ( https://twitter.com/scousebirdprobs ), 
  i think what he meant is that we have a very large following in norway , so it 's not too common to find a norwegian who hates us, 
  well sturridge scores when fit , an he seems darling, 
  darkness ' christmas song got pretty big , did n't it ? 
  as it stands , i think he 's gon na start vs stoke . 
  our only other left back has a knock . . 
  i wanted lucien favre, 
  from bournemouth in case anyone was wondering . 
  tweet done well to hide that . 
  it is hilariously bad . 
  love it . 
  andriy voronin of course ... 
  i remember watching jurassic park 2 in the cinema , was two or three at the time . 
  fell asleep , all i remember is it being loud , and constantly being woken up by the noise, 
  had no idea waynes world had a female director . 
  til, 
  i used to like watching you lot . 
  him , nolan , campo and of course jay jay okocha, 
  they 're a big thing in the uk , too . 
  we 've got loads of chains selling them and pastries . 
  i loved that little collectible card game . 
  forgot what it 's called . 
  once at uni , we got noise complaints from downstairs after a 2 v 2 match, 
  he 's a hard worker , and very passionate . 
  he 's just never had a good game for us .
