  it 's not a huge amount of money once i got to 17 , but i always had more money than my mates and i could buy games whenever i wanted . 
  you could look into local bands who gig and see if anyone needs any help . 
  wo n't be regular pay , but it 's better than nothing . 
  they were probably looking for night time employees . 
  ca n't work past midnight until you 're 18, 
  from my experience you 'll struggle until you 're 18 at least . 
  make sure you look into places who do n't really advertise their jobs . 
  i work in a cinema , when i applied , two others applied . 
  two of us got the job . 
  we were looking for help the other month , no one applied . 
  reason being is the jobs are only advertised by word of mouth , for some reason . 
  once you do get to 18 , sign up to an agency . 
  it may be temp work at first , but once you 've got experience you 'll be fine looking for decent jobs . 
  my mate came back from uni for christmas , signed up for an agency , and worked for uk mail for a month and a half . 
  it 'd be weird if he became bond after being in never say never again, 
  he was . 
  shame about the movie though . 
  remember those posts telling people to go watch edge of tomorrow . 
  god that was an annoying week . 
  jamie foxx was good in it i thought . 
  but the dubstep , good god the dubstep and product placement . 
  sean penn , ryan gosling , josh brolin , michael pena ,, 
  [ yeah , now we are free works great . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbutjfhzwvu ), 
  mine was only once weekly , my dad would help me sometimes too . 
  it was all around where i live , so i did n't need to lug around bags and bags , i 'd just go home for more . 
  the more i think about it , the more i think i got really lucky, 
  still got mine . 
  bellers on the back of it . 
  we played really well in the final . 
  bellamy should have started though . 
  their defence was slow , think he 'd have caused problems . 
  seen him at leeds fest last year , they were pretty good for a band i was n't a big fan of , he did keep going on about drugs though . 
  i work in a cinema . 
  if the movie 's been on for a half hour and no one 's turned up for it , i turn it off to save the bulb . 
  not intentional . 
  you ca n't argue against that decision ... 
  masch takes no prisoners . 
  he 's rated ? 
  not heard him talked about in years . 
  stagnated badly . 
  it 's not normally like this . 
  it 's normally terrible . 
  great play . 
  just could n't get the contact . 
  loads . 
  i 've been lucky . 
  malorne , grom , hogger , golden cho , ragnaros , onyxia , tirion , cairne , prophet velen , few ysera 's , a few malygos ' , alexstraza , varian , edwin , cenarius . 
  yeah , that 's a pen . 
  flamini was silly there , but good god what an awful touch from mertesacker . 
  fel reaver is my mvp . 
  someone i knew got one of these calls . 
  they asked if he 'd had an accident , so he told them he 'd shit himself driving to work . 
  [ not really a spoiler but anyway ] ( #s `` no they do n't , if you wan na see it just for them two together you 'll be disappointed '' ), 
  her accent was painful, 
  charlie hunnam too apparently, 
  seen it last week , i enjoyed it . 
  great cast , decent premise . 
  loved the police chase scene through the apartment blocks , that bit was amazing . 
  not just that , they 're so far off the spectrum they wo n't get publicity or coverage . 
  same for the mls and the a-league to a degree . 
  and pele once said a good thing about him . 
  thats it, 
  but everyone does it . 
  i 'd do it , in that position . 
  heck , do you remember phil neville doing it in the derby with us around 2007/8 ? 
   i had played supersonic rocket-powered acrobatic battle cars ( or whatever the first version was called ) and found it nearly unplayable . 
  really ? 
  why ? 
  i loved that game . 
  i think 4 came out too soon after 3 , for me , and was maybe a * little * bit too similar . 
  still a good game that i thoroughly enjoyed though . 
  just ca n't see how we 're gon na score in this match . 
  midfield constantly getting overrun . 
  reckon someone 'll get sent off for a second yellow . 
  everyone 's looking so tired . 
  lallana on the fucking corners . 
  jesus we need someone who can take set pieces . 
  milner , hendo , lallana , moreno ; rather bloody sturridge take them . 
  what in the sweet fuck . 
  sturridge has n't been at his best so far , but he just needs a half chance . 
  fuck man . 
  probably could have placed that better there divock, 
  he takes a good pen, 
  we need to keep giving the ball to milner . 
  he 's such a better left back than moreno . 
  the fuck milner . 
  need to try dominate the midfield now yaya 's goosed . 
  so happy for lucas finally playing at wembley . 
  how 's that a foul ? 
  cheap tackle yaya . 
  dirty . 
  i 'd be pissed too if someone stamped me on my leg . 
  win or lose , we 've played well . 
  deserve credit . 
  sagna 's not playing , so i do n't think he 'll miss . 
  says a spurs fan haha . 
  can you absolute ... i do n't even know , holy fuck man . 
  get the fuck in, 
  not sure why lucas was on it,
