  i used to love it , i just do n't any more . 
  moffat and them ruined it . 
  us or original ? 
  yup . 
  red and purple weddings were both ruined for me , saying that , the person who ruined it does n't even read them, 
  the wall battle was my favourite part of all the books , i really hope their allowed a budget increase if they need it , if they fuck it up i 'll be pissed, 
  impossible , hah !, 
  so surprised when you signed him , he was actually woeful when he played for us , scarcely seen a worse player, 
  i 've been subbed for two and a half year . 
  it 's just what you 'd expect from a teen subreddit ; shite . 
  hardly easily . 
  they 've had a good start to the season , but i 'd say spurs have a better side . 
  we have the largest tesco in the north of england . 
  dropped 40lbs over about 3 months . 
  no change . 
  no one even noticed apart from my family . 
  to be fair , you had a few chances , and jedinak looks a player, 
  my problem with rayman legends is that after playing origins , legends is so easy in comparison . 
  origins was really rewarding , because i kept having to retry levels . 
  do n't get me wrong , i wanted legends to be a bit easier , but it 's a bit too easy for my liking . 
  still love the shit out of it though , the music , art style , it 's overall charm are wonderful, 
  i would n't complain though if we score 3 in the first half , none in the second for the rest of the season . 
  united just do n't seem half as clinical as they were last season . 
  last year they had a soft defence , but made up for it with their attack . 
  but so far , they do n't seem as dangerous every time they attack, 
  they definitely can do . 
  not always , though . 
  some clubs do n't need an amazing manager , if they have amazing players ( barca ) . 
  if you can get on the good side of your better players , you do n't need to be the most tactically astute , amazing manager . 
  it 's all relative though . 
  rodgers , for example , he seems a great man manager , and good at deciding which players to go for , but tactically , he 's not the best, 
  nope , i could be wrong , i just remember someone talking about it when it was being built , and called it the biggest, 
  stand out from a goofy movie, 
  i liked it . 
  it was n't amazing , but i would n't call it total crap . 
  some characters were fucking stupid , that was my main problem . 
  i loved the music , how it looked etc. 
  ` dream house ' with daniel craig is the worst for this . 
  the film was garbage , but the trailer ruins a massive plot point , you do n't find out in the film for about half of it, 
  american beauty has my vote too . 
  started watching goosebumps on netflix , it 's so cheesy and the acting is so bad it 's entertaining . 
  type of thing as a kid you do n't realise , but if anything , now i enjoy it more just because of how silly it is, 
  i got the full boxset with like 30 odd hours in it . 
  blew through it in a week or something . 
  what a week . 
  shame about the latest seasons of supernatural . 
  early eps were great , like an adults scooby-doo or less intense x-files . 
  but now , but now ... 
  i 'll be honest , i have a tuxedo t-shirt , it 's a few years old now , and i wear it very sparingly , but i really like it . 
  i would just never wear it to a wedding or something like that . 
  it 's / r/cringepics . 
  i expected nothing but downvotes to be honest . 
  `` dae not like x/y/z me too so cringey '', 
  i love tyreese and abe in the comics , but for the show i 'd give a shout out to maggie too . 
  no one 's allowed to put their eggs in a fridge, 
  # 60 is very low , i 'm paying # 110 for mine , still end up with # 500 for the semester, 
  i moved from cheshire , to newcastle , thought it 'd be cheaper up here , it 's not . 
  could be worse though , could be in manchester !, 
  i went to chester on an open day , it all armed ridiculously expensive, 
  i thought about it , but i moved far away and did n't know anyone so i could n't really get a shared house . 
  i 'll probably second year , but though a bit more # # # would have been nice i like my flat , roommates , and i still have n't even touched my student loan yet so eh, 
  that and carling were the cheapest in my pub . 
  i would n't drink fosters out of a can , but on draft it 's not * so * bad, 
  match of the day never used to be on iplayer , it is now , mind , but not all shows are, 
  if it goes international , make sure you watch ` escape to the country ' and ` homes under the hammer ' . 
  phwoar !, 
  clearly never been to a pound bakery , then ? 
  it 's the british way, 
  i would n't really call it a comedy to be honest . 
  it 's an odd one . 
  it 's dark , weird , and brilliant , but not very comedic, 
  session 9, 
  started supernatural a while ago , it was really good . 
  loved the adult scooby-doo style to it , but after i got to season 4 it 's just becoming more and more of a chore . 
  i 'd rather they just drive about killing demons , than all the heaven/hell stuff, 
  my dad 's over 50 . 
  still does n't get hangovers . 
  he can get absolutely twatted , and he 'll still be up at half six absolutely fine, 
  itv website down for anyone else ? 
  we 're not a top 4 side . 
  also baines , jagielka , lambert , ruddy , forster , and barkley say hi . 
  yup . 
  remind me of vikings . 
  not many of them , but the way they 're born , live , and survive predisposes them to war and fighting . 
  i 'd say the iron islanders , though dorne have some great fighters too . 
  i wo n't go into them because it 's a [ no spoilers ] post though . 
  oberyn 's battle and the wall will hopefully be half as epic as they are in the book, 
  dany , at the end of book one . 
  i get a lot of people would think it a big ` fuck you ' , having taught them all about essos and targ 's etc , but it 'd prove no one is safe and anyone can die . 
  and i personally find dany 's chapters really dull , so it 'd save me a lot of trouble . 
  blackfish and beric . 
  went to the self service one before to get rid of some of my change , it came to # 3ish . 
  i put about # 2.50 in , then it would n't have any more . 
  ended up having to put a # 5 note in , too , so i got so much change back i wanted to sob . 
  as a straight male ... charlie hunnam . 
  i think he 's a great actor , and would have been damn good in 50 shades of grey , but i 'm also quite happy he 's not going to do it , though i hope he does make it to the big screen after soa is finished, 
  i was so surprised to find he 's from the uk , and further , he 's from the city i live in . 
  you know , i 'd preferred it if dany died and drogo lived . 
  just to see what drogo would do . 
  whether or not he 'd go over to westeros still .
