  absolute bellends , there 's no way around it . 
  even if you do n't like what the fa have done , by putting their match on sunday , shut up for a minute to have respect for the dead . 
  still raging about it . 
  if ever there was a reason for the liverpool players to be pumped up , it 's now . 
  also think it may cause a lot of tension at the final . 
  will you sign a part of my body ? 
  your choice !, 
  favourite sandwich ? 
  session 9 . 
  you mean you have non-internet friends !, 
  wo n't be able to get a ticket now , only have four matches out of five . 
  went to all the shitty small games , oldham , brighton , stoke , and of course united ; but since i could n't get to wembley for reasons , i ca n't get one now . 
  far too used to it , it 's beyond ridiculous . 
  25/25k fans on either side , and half the stadium for the fa members ' familys , kids , mates , dad 's grand niece or something stupid like that . 
  been to 4 of the matches , bar wembley , and i almost have no chance for a ticket, 
  posting cod on r/gaming ? 
  so brave, 
  thank god i live in britain where we do n't do this thing . 
  [ / r/picturesofiansleeping ] ( / r/picturesofiansleeping ) of course, 
  it 's been okay thanks . 
  i licked a kiwi 's skin . 
  it tasted like leg . 
  how about you ? 
  convert it to my currency . 
  i , oneinchwalrus , was the one who let the dogs out . 
  oh god !, 
  our paths have crossed finally !, 
  lucky you . 
  cake are great, 
  i like how i 'm not a person , i 'm multiple people . 
  i am ` them ', 
  i feel honoured . 
  5 minutes ? 
  know the feeling , for one reason or another , never heard anything can happen live . 
  my friends keep telling me it 's amazing live too, 
  haha , i went to that too . 
  eventful night . 
  the picture is n't scary , but it opened fucking full screen . 
  `` hurr i 'm 15 , and i love the beatles . 
  why cant every1 else my age like good music insted of justinn beiber !!, 
  band ; brand new . 
  show ; drawn together , spaced , father ted . 
  movie ; session 9 , trick ' r treat . 
  english , would go to norway . 
  not allowed until teacher/student leaves the school . 
  i have my former religious studies teacher on my facebook , because he was ballin ' , and now lives in africa doing charity work . 
  he 's not been bad . 
  he 's just not going to score tons , or make tons of assists . 
  his overall play 's been alright in a struggling team . 
  neil morrissey off men behaving badly sat in my seat for a football match once . 
  i walked up , said `` you sure you sit here ? '', 
  he looked at his ticket , got up and walked off , murming `` sorry '' or something . 
  people in tracksuits , and nike gear typically . 
  skin head , anti-social people . 
  better walrus than i 'll ever be :(, 
  could tell coming into here there 'd be a massive graveyard in the comments , i was not disappointed . 
  but what a goal , i love gerrard 's reaction . 
  [ all my friends are dead ] ( http://oi47.tinypic.com/wqriwg.jpg ), 
  bellend . 
  this will be marvellous . 
  the fa have outdone themselves on their choice for manager , they really have . 
  what were his opinions on malcolm in the middle and scary movie 2 ? 
  did he ... did he ever plaster you to the ceiling with jizz ? 
  i 've watched you have sex . 
  [ hindu symbol for love is up for grabs !, 
  the league form is what shows a team as good/bad , as it 's over 38 matches . 
  cup games are generally far more luck based encounters . 
  sure , cup wins are great , i have patience , i 'm not forcing anything . 
  but next year our league form has to be much , much better . 
  striker who can score . 
  a winger who can cross . 
  a midfielder who can pass . 
  do n't know which is most important . 
   bellamy and enrique, 
  ftfy, 
  could never stand diouf , evra , cattermole and frimpong . 
  all of them in their own way , the way i dislike frimpong is he just seems like a right ott aggressive git . 
  pretentious teenage fucks screen capping facebook conversations between theists . 
  no actual conversation , it 's just bashing of religion . 
  / r/christianity seems like a much nicer place , and i 'm an atheist . 
  i think you read it wrong mate . 
  i said bellamy and enrique have been our best signings , not worst =p, 
  he 's also a self proclaimed ` fuck the environment ' type person . 
  google is your friend . 
  these are the top two results . 
  space jam . 
  my my . 
  i just remember the bit where he said his dad knew , and got off to it . 
  at that point i just nope 'd out . 
  fair enough . 
  but upon re-watching , * i * realised it were shite . 
  a bit too irrelevant, 
  thought true blood was just twilight the tv series . 
  turns out it is a fantastic show , with fantastic characters and the correct blend of different themes in it . 
  answer the question , do n't just write everything about the subject you know . 
  that and use fancy language early on , so the examiner immediately knows you 're aiming for the top . 
  this one . 
  really ? 
  i shaved fully once , no pain , no friction , nothing, 
  really like it , not a fan of those collars normally , but this one does n't look bad .
