  north east england/ireland . 
  erm , no . 
  only in germany . 
  no one really uses the word here anyhoo . 
  holy fuck really ? 
  i assumed he must be in his last year or two now ... 
  sign everyone, 
  i watched it for the supporting cast , jason , hoyt , alcide , eric , pam , lafayette , jess , terry et al. 
  this is what i 'm worried about . 
  we need a striker , and if he settles down a bit he 'll be great . 
  i completely trust brendan though . 
  i 'd rather balo to bony i think . 
  still got matri ... ? 
  compared to moreno ... 
  how high would you rank this film ? 
  worth watching ? 
  only lotr movie i did n't see in the cinema , and i regret it so much . 
  i was six , to be fair . 
  should costa get injured , then they 're a bit weak up top . 
  the year i was born , and i 'm 19 ... 
  that would be an ecumenical matter , father . 
  i loved every scene with the director , he actually believed he made a great movie . 
  probably my favourite liverpool player . 
  odd to think no side from birmingham area has been too great recently . 
  it 's a huge place . 
  i 've been gone for two years , but i think mine was about 1000 overall , even that seemed big . 
  i live in england , to be honest i 've barely been anywhere . 
  liverpool , london , manchester , york , newcastle , plymouth . 
  first thought was salt and vinegar walkers . 
  imagine mint flavoured crisp ? 
  yep , two matches is all we need to judge a player now definitely for the rest of their careers . 
  as opposed to passing to all those many red shirts in the box ? 
  do you not remember that ? 
  that was massive news for months !, 
  it was half time dude . 
  still got more defenders than you ... 
  do n't know our best system or team yet , it 'll come . 
  nice to get the most difficult match of the season out of the way, 
  why did n't we re-sign him :(, 
  my love for him knows no bounds . 
  and does n't rely on pace in the slightest . 
  look at pirlo, 
  agreed . 
  my only problem is what goes on with starbuck, 
  [ yep ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4miqpq1dvg4 ), 
  two english sides on one side of the draw , and two on the other . 
  tv licensing . 
  same dude . 
  looking forward to it . 
  good group to watch i 'd think . 
  born in ' 95 . 
  never been smacked . 
  not an arsehole . 
  kids nowadays are n't arseholes , as a kid you were probably an arsehole too , you were just too much an arsehole to notice . 
  or find them in the woods, 
  he does n't rely on his pace . 
  he 's quite content to sit deep and make things tick . 
  he 's never been quick , but he reads the game brilliantly . 
  i always preferred watching la liga to the bundesliga , but now i think i 'll have to watch some bayern matches purely for his ginger bearded goodness . 
  [ all grown up and bearded now . 
  ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2011/06/06/article-1394769-050f4b150000044d-513_634x375.jpg ), 
  he 's not just not impressed for a while now , that 's the problem . 
  the grey , eden lake , oculus . 
  not amazing movies , but i thoroughly enjoyed them all . 
  why hopefully ? 
  do you know anything about wales , their economy , or politics ? 
  or is it just blind independence ? 
  most places are up for grabs . 
  markovic , lallana , sterling , coutinho , and then lambert , sturridge and balotelli . 
  plenty to choose from, 
  far too hot/cold right now . 
  so many of his passes are just slightly off . 
  sounds like an x-files episode, 
  funnily enough i actually think sturridge is under-rated , and one of the very best in the world . 
  skrtel 's not great . 
  his positioning is off , but his last ditch tackling , for lack of a better phrase , is top drawer . 
  i 've been doing my lessons since feb , doing my test in october . 
  i got insured on my dad 's car , driving down a barely used country lane , got my full beam lights on , some twat from the other side comes down , and does n't turn them off , nearly blinded me , and two kids were walking down the side , and i nearly hit them . 
  i hate other drivers already . 
  it 'll take a bit of time this season , he has so many new players around him . 
  balo , markovic , lallana et al. 
  he 's our best fullback . 
  moreno exempt , because he 's just joined us . 
  poor man 's yaya toure is how i always feel about him . 
  controversial , possibly , but true , yaya goes missing in matches a fair bit too . 
  lotr too iirc, 
  he 's injured . 
  mind enlightening me then if that 's true ? 
  same . 
  they 're not good movies , but i still watch them . 
  like scary movie . 
  i get your point , but there 'll always be larger tourist attractions . 
  i 'm english , and i 'm not exactly * for * the monarchy , but i do n't think it 's a * bad * thing . 
  it 's just the major part of our culture at this point . 
  though , when lizzie dies , i may feel different when/if charles comes in . 
  not sure if london will have the same pull to tourists if there was n't a monarchy, 
  just seemed like he was trying to be controversial and rile a few jimmies to be honest . 
  i have a reel cinema where i live , not bad prices , especially for students , but if there was a cineworld i 'd have bought the months pass, 
  scotland 's still part of britain . 
  he 's a good player , actually a good signing for qpr this time,
