  tv licenses . 
  if you watch bbc , you pay a tv license . 
  it 's still just so weird i went to school with one of the widnes players . 
  luckily , this guy was in the year above primary school through secondary . 
  never played against him in pe ... 
  crackle, 
  no chance , them two love each other . 
  that 'd be great , not sure if it 'll happen . 
  but still . 
  love the guy . 
  this is bizzare . 
  i really doubt pascoe/marsh were the sole problems last year . 
  our issues with transfers does n't seem to have changed . . 
  maybe rodgers went into the meeting ` it 's pascoe and marsh 's fault . 
  sack them not me ', 
  we 're not gon na get any quality . 
  owners think it 's best to get rid of rodgers ' backroom staff , but not transfer committee . 
  if it was me hungover to fuck , i 'd be there in shorts and sandals . 
  ... # 1 trebles in a place near me , and # 1 bottles of heineken, 
  mine tries to blow up playing tlou online, 
  he 's not gon na be backup though . 
  our transfer strategy is truly fool proof . 
  my birthday 's during wimbledon , only reason i like tennis . 
  must be for his kids !, 
  my dad has a good story about meeting carra . 
  he was doing some work on his house . 
  had a kick around at dinner or something , his son came out , wearing a suarez shirt . 
  one of them asked him , ` why have n't you got your dad on the back of your shirt ? 
  ' , his kid responded ` because he 's crap ' . 
  no chance we wo n't get another striker mate . 
  two of borini , lambert , balotelli will be off . 
  origi is more of a wide forward from what i 've seen . 
  got europa league , too . 
  pako 's a champion , hope he comes back . 
  so good first time around . 
  ` hidden gem ', 
  their first manager managed them for nearly 30 years , then committed suicide after he was sacked iirc, 
  does n't quite count for milner but ... 
   i really do n't get why we are being trolled for signing them . 
  because rodgers and everyone was on about getting starters , and adding quality , not quantity . 
  so what do we do ? 
  sign ings . 
  english player , from an english club , for quite a bit of cash . 
  typical signing . 
  free in name , not in practice . 
  i like ings , i do . 
  i think he might surprise me , but we do this every time we sign someone . 
  we hype them up too much - ` ings is quality that we need ' . 
   more of an asset then our other strikers have been . 
  should n't be the parameters of our new striker . 
  exactly . 
  it only annoys me when it 's pure laziness , like refusing to stop at a junction , they 'd rather pull out five yards and see if they can make it , forcing me to swerve . 
  four month wonder . 
  had attitude problems too , did n't he ? 
  apparently he just stopped enjoying it . 
  depth is the one thing we have for strikers . 
  ings , borini , balotelli , origi , sturridge , lambert . 
  depth is n't necessary . 
  quality is . 
  we 've had plenty to choose from all season , that 's not been an issue . 
  getting one who is n't shite or injured , is . 
  i 'll chop my bollocks off if west ham finish above us next season . 
  loaning out markovic would be terrible from our end . 
  play him at wing back , then moan at him for not doing enough , then loaning him back out . 
  all two or so times he did , when he came back from injury . 
  guys free kicks on fifa used to be filth . 
  some rumours about him coming here, 
  thing is , we went on about getting a n. 2 who would challenge mignolet . 
  he had a poor half of season , did mig . 
  happens again , we 're fucked . 
  really thought we 'd get a good goalie in this summer , but our transfers have been underwhelming for too long . 
  picard is the unflappable one . 
  going 75mph , with a bit of music on , would be pretty difficult to hear to be fair . 
  i 've seen loads of people do this , but i could never think of a way how to tell them . 
  flash them perhaps . 
  yeah . 
  and here was me , about to go to bed . 
  gon na be a late night for me . 
  did you have a rough childhood ? 
  quality posting in / r/soccer as usual . 
  he was a monster , with a killer mustache . 
  but muh loyalty bonus, 
  and bacon . 
  ah , so nevermind about that whole ` experienced staff ' , then . 
  the only people i ever see who mic up are spanish speaking folks and kids . 
  the laziest frontline ever , with ruiz and berbatov, 
  but we 're only going on his word . 
  never know . 
  pretty sure this guy has n't been to as many places as he 's claiming , that 's why . 
  on the off chance he did actually go to london , he got off the plane , seen a few brown people and assumed they 're not actually british , which they really are . 
  deserves it , too . 
  got good odds on townsend scoring first . 
  come on , andros !, 
  i 'm decent at european geography and all , and i would n't be able to point to it on a map . 
  near croatia i think ? 
  be funny if they 're ahead in the world rankings once the next ones come out, 
  vardy would have scored one of these rooney chances, 
  anyone else 's tv just cut out ? 
  christ itv , it 's only slovenia . 
  we 're not in mauritius .
