  just go on something like justeat , if they deliver they 're probably on there , and there 's ratings etc , or yelp, 
  cheese in toast is cheese melted on one slice of toast , a toastie is cheese melted in the middle of two pieces of toast . 
  * someone 's hurt you before *, 
   you need to play tika taka football to break through a parked bus . 
  only about two teams in the world could play tiki taka , england are n't one of them . 
   barley water, 
  never heard of anyone drinking it, 
   real xs, 
  never listened to the original , but i quite liked real xs when i listened to it . 
  always prefer absolute classic rock mind you, 
  could n't watch the movie due to the trailer . 
  whoever okayed that trailer deserved to be fired . 
  if i 'm not in work friday i will . 
  love watching results like that come in . 
  even stay up late for the yank elections, 
  plus we wo n't sell him cheap , he 'd be ten mil probably . 
  if they 're hot they do n't get id 'd . 
  there are plenty of places open 24/7 ** in the uk . 
  ** sunday trading hours avoided, 
  it 's not about who 's leading , it 's the fact sunderland , a highly expected remain vote is 61 % leave . 
  because they 're expected to vote heavily to remain , but it 's all down to the numbers . 
  a lot of people will think ` we 'll stay anyway , cba ' , so do n't vote, 
  yeah , if he wants to he could ignore it completely iirc . 
  he obviously wo n't , though . 
  well in lads, 
  bore off troll, 
  61 % remain in aberdeen . 
  not great . 
  might just downvote this thread to stop it reaching / r/all and keep the cunts out ... 
  leave done better than i 'd have thought they 'd do there, 
  you have no idea how he 's voting though ... stupid thing to say from him . 
  but left/right wing has nothing to do with anything here , this is n't a general election . 
  the scenes if we leave the eu and win the euros, 
  for sure . 
  that 's why newcastle , a big student city 's vote being so close was such bad news, 
  my area ; halton votes leave . 
  absolute whoppers . 
  disappointing . 
  they 'll still be better than england . 
  better in eurovision , better in euros, 
  yeah that 's right . 
  though there 's still plenty to go . 
  one thing these results have taught me is lindsay lohan has a history with the uk . 
  all of reddit has been invaded by them if a post hits / r/all, 
  you 're looking forward to that ? 
  i 'd rather dishface cameron stay pm than fucking boris, 
  anyone notice how low the ceiling in farage 's room then was ? 
  i thought it was just scaremongering and loud individuals , but seeing these results i just do n't know anymore . 
  fucking independence day 2 just got released too . 
  jesus christ that 'll be a depressing reminder, 
  part of cameron 's election promise was a referendum on the eu , he had to go through with it , it 's been promised for years , could n't avoid it any more . 
  in/out crosses parties , conservative/labour/lib dem leaders were all remain , but plenty in all those parties are supporting out . 
  been up so late my f.lux extension has just turned to day mode and i nearly died, 
  do n't mind foreigners on this thread , but the ` well done uk !!!, 
  ! 1111 ' posts are annoying as fuck . 
  go home, 
  considering they 've attacked pretty well all match , you 're a bit off . 
  they 'll be more defensive but the bus 'll only arrive at 70 +, 
  funny because italy was on the axis too, 
  sean penn , ryan gosling , josh brolin , nick nolte , michael pena , few others too . 
  [ oh boy do i have some good news for you !, 
  ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4383594/?ref_=nm_flmg_act_3 ), 
  i was in tears for the d&d episode , it was so ridiculously harsh by him i could n't help it . 
  [ clip ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uffqcieuge8 ), 
  apparently we 're interested in him . 
  might just be because some of our staff have ties to croatia though . 
  leicester apparently in for brady now, 
  the new thomas gravesen, 
  even flow ( pearl jam ) , praise you ( fatboy slim ) , loaded ( primal scream ) , in the aeroplane over the sea ( neutral milk hotel ) , love spreads ( stone roses ) , basket case ( green day ) , common people ( pulp ) , acquiesce ( oasis ) , the day we caught the train ( ocean colour scene ) , heart shaped box ( nirvana ) , one week ( barenaked ladies ) , crash into me ( dave matthews band ) , mmmm mmmm ( crash test dummies ) , black hole sun ( soundgarden ), 
  the movie has those two incredibly weird , tacky romance scenes that were n't in the books . 
  he sees the girl in the clouds or something and it just seems to badly shoe horned in . 
  he 's had his seasons where he was first on the team sheet , last few years have been mediocre mind, 
  then so should all mayors, 
  so do i. 
  never seen it, 
  he gets a good relationship with a lot of them because of the good questions , and general good time they have on it . 
  people like marky mark , matt damon , will smith have been on it loads when they have a new movie out because they seem to genuinely love it and be up for a laugh . 
  wow , i 'd have thought they would only clamp it if someone made a complaint or something, 
  think op 's looking for a show which peaks at random times not just the start, 
  the basketball scene still gets a laugh from me, 
  hah , i work at one of the three cinemas it got released in . 
  not sold a ticket . 
  been going for bloody years now . 
  mellor , lindfield , pacheco , suso , kelly , coady , one day we 'll find another superstar . 
  and his name is ojo ... 
  he needs to keep his head up , one of those frustrating heads down , run , drill the ball at the defenders . 
  if sakho gets banned i think we 'll get another centre back , otherwise we 'll probably manage, 
  have they made a new back door sluts ? 
  keep seeing adverts for their greatest hits too . 
  do n't forget the ` trent reznor preferred cash 's version of it too '' comment, 
  what movie do you think is overrated ? 
  `` well that 's just like , your opinion , man '', 
  here in the uk most cities and larger towns , from what i can tell , usually have a legit good mexican place , and loads of shitty ones . 
  but still , 1/10 ai n't bad, 
  i liked mckinnon in it , she was the only one who made me laugh , even though some of chris ' critique of her is spot on, 
   you guys are awesome !, 
  wait until you get to know us ... 
  and in the uk, 
  plus he 's probably saying good things since he 's gone to bournemouth , used to play for them iirc, 
  should be fine if you stay in your hotel .
