  last year at chelsea , he fielded a 3-2-4-1 when the matches prior was a 4-2-3-1 , we ended up winning the match at sb . 
  he adjusted the tactic to face what chelsea were throwing at us . 
  that 's the most high profile example i can think of . 
  feeling the pinch ? 
  how so ? 
  as far as i 'm aware we 're 3 points off fourth place , and it 's early november . 
  think the only side he 'd go to would be barcelona , probably . 
  as said he 's a loyal player , very committed , if barca came sniffing , even if we were doing brilliantly , his head 'd be turned . 
  it 's sad that a player coming out deserves a news article on it . 
  shows what a society we live in . 
  anyway , good on him . 
  his stubble disappears at 1:15 . 
  weird, 
  the way he 's been for a year and a bit , i 'm glad he 's left . 
  not being bitter or anything , but he 's not been good for over a year now people . 
  if it were torres of two years ago , that 'd have been deadly . 
  ----- torres -----, 
  man i miss that show , only talkshow i liked, 
  ridiculous !, 
  only one person with evidence ; evra . 
  the same guy who kissed his badge seconds earlier , and was constantly giving it to the ref , and kuyt at one stage too . 
  hardly in a good frame of mind was he . 
  terry was allowed to captain england mid-week , and there 's far more evidence of his racist remarks . 
  if he gets a ban from this i 'll be absolutely livid . 
  edit-mr ferguson 's influence perhaps , yet again . 
  suarez claimed to call him something which his manchester united teammates call him . 
  then evra 's man united colleagues are also racist, 
  could n't of put it better myself . 
  the ` ferguson effect ' seems to really have affected the referee 's in the matches recently , he 's been getting very poor protection . 
  the wurzels ' do n't look back in anger.http : / / www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhfs7o302ue, 
  fake plastic tree , ( nice dream ) , talk show host , gah , so many !, 
  nope . 
  in the uk it 's called ` the philosophers stone ' , when in america , for some reason it was changed to ` sorcerers stone ' . 
  i think they changed it because they thought american kiddies would n't understand/want to read it if it said ` philosophers ', 
  it 's an odd one . 
  on one hand , his fitness was always under doubt in england , never seemed to know about the defensive side of the game . 
  on the other hand , he could , on his day , link up play brilliantly . 
  but alas , something 's in football we 'll never understand, 
  high socks/tights, 
  maxi 's probably our most intelligent player . 
  with two games in quick succession now , we have the squad to rotate and stand a good chance in both matches . 
  for me , it 's just like talking . 
  so i flirt all the time based off my definition . 
  makes me feel better that way, 
  happiness was fucked up at points . 
  affected me more than a serbian film . 
  definitely . 
  it 's not as ` messed up ' than a serbian film , or the human centipede should be . 
  it 's much more subtle , in how awkward and disturbing it is . 
  good film, 
  i like his frame, 
  in the morning when you need a poo , but do n't have one . 
  then it goes away throughout the day ; where does it go ? 
  why do all goalies at anfield seem to be superman ? 
  seriously !, 
  eeeeeh , suarez needs support up front , he gets six shades of shit kicked out of him every match . 
  so much so his form 's dropped . 
  lucas , adam , agger , skrtel were outstanding . 
  hart 's annoying ... 
  liverpool - desperate scousewives ... 
  the beatles ? 
  will you ever tell your girlfriend/engagee/wife if you ever have a long term one ? 
  i 've got no link , but i remember seeing something which said adam 's covered more ground than anyone else for liverpool this season . 
  haha , inevitable when you have as many strikers as they do . 
  still , now he 's gone , a striker in january and they 'll be in the top half . 
  this 6-9 month thing seems to be plucked from the sky , i 'd wait until offical confirmation . 
  lucas is a good athlete , might not be as bad as it 's made out to be, 
  chant at anfield `` stayed on the tele , you should 've stayed on the tele '' at alan shearer when he took newcastle down . 
  harsh , but i admit to a chuckle at `` joleon lescott , the elephant man '' felt bad afterwards . 
  ref 's a cunt . 
  nanana , the ref 's a cunt , nanana . 
  oh fack that right off . 
  bloody tussling for it , both go down , no chance suarez was getting that . 
  remember , no side has hit the post as much as us . 
  add another two from today to that . 
  there is the luck element in it , fact is we have n't had much look for a while . 
  add that to bad decisions from refs and linesmen with non-clinical players , and it 's not going to end well . 
  thought carroll did n't play badly , no worse than suarez did . 
  hopefully there 'll be a competition to spend a night with ian at some point . 
  as a liverpool fan , used to europa league football now ; thursday night football is awful , plus you play every weekend on sunday , which is also awful . 
  still europa league wo n't be a walk in the park , some good sides in there . 
  think united need a cutting edge midfielder , top quality to pull the strings . 
  that , and berbatov needs more play time over the likes of macheda , welbeck etc now hernandez is out . 
  wonder what his middle name is ... 
  slightly ot , but has terry been charged yet ? 
  i do n't think his ability has ever been in question , we look much better with him on the wing . 
  we have plenty of players to rotate out there , so he wo n't always start . 
  but at least he can get balls past the first man unlike downing . 
  do n't see any festive celebrating there , i want lights !, 
  [ my comment is appealing ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1eeh9.png ), 
  rumour 's bullshit , but regardless i would n't take him back . 
  past it , turned his back on the club & fans , now he 's paying the consequence . 
  alas , villa rumours are not true . 
  he wo n't leave barca , if he did , it 'd be to man city probably . 
  no chance i 'm afraid . 
  not to be a downer , but there is n't, 
  no to podolski . 
  unless we decide we 're going to play international football instead . 
  based on the last year and a half , does that warrant 20 million and a massive wage , especially for someone of his age . 
  he made his choice now he has to live with it imo .
