  to be fair , do they actually spend that * much * money ? 
  i do n't exactly follow the championship every year , so i could be wrong . 
  was n't callum wilson bought with the grabban money etc. 
  `` fuck she 's writing something ; i 've definitely failed . '', 
  aye , agree . 
  my instructor cost a lot ( # 20 ) , but she was a family friend , passed my sister and one of my mates first time . 
  if i was op i 'd switch instructor . 
  that sounds stupid !, 
  half of the country roads near me , though nsl i would n't dream of doing that speed . 
  40 is usually the highest i can get up to before a bend . 
  that 'd be a dickhead move . 
  i think every person doing their test is nervous to a certain degree , really does n't judge how good of a driver somebody is . 
   ( passed 3rd time last year as a 23 y.o. 
  bloke-can you imagine how often my dad and mates took the piss ? ), 
  god , i passed first time with seven minors , and i still got the piss took out of me for getting that many !, 
  friends can be so cruel . 
   once for turning without stopping, 
  heh , ca n't win sometimes . 
  i set out in my head if i was going down a certain bend , i would n't stop if i did n't need to , just to show the instructor . 
  luckily that bend did come up . 
  was it a tight bend ? 
  i was a bundle of nerves on my test , fine on my lessons . 
  i passed , and i 'm fine . 
  no one 's a good driver until they 've been driving for years . 
  it 's always worth looking down the slip road as you 're going along to see if there 's anybody there , if there is , you could always move into the right lane , let them merge , then overtake . 
  we still stand a chance . 
  spurs are good , but they 're not bloody barcelona mate . 
  last year we outscored our opponents . 
  this year we 're not scoring half as many . 
  allen is n't the answer . 
  he was poor when he came on against everton , he 's always so invisible . 
  aye , shame he ca n't head a ball or tackle , though . 
  it 's amazing how a pitch can be so bad considering there 's about a game on it every fortnight or so . 
  according to owen can was the one we were most skeptical about early this season ? 
  it 's a charity we put on our shirt once a year, 
  he 's no lukaku that 's for sure ... 
  great kick from mignolet , fair play to him . 
  reminded me of reina there . 
  he was good when i seen him for derby , definitely . 
  very quick , direct , and tracks back well . 
  you 're no suarez , kane . 
  now that 's some poor defending, 
  moreno needs to be more direct . 
  he shown it early this season , but he 's a bit more cautious now . 
  coutinho 's having one of his off days, 
  no chance . 
  not a clear goalscoring opportunity , or dangerous . 
  one mistake he 's literally garbage, 
  christ , it 's only been 45 minutes !, 
  once he does it consistently ... 
  that 'd be difficult , he 's not on the bench . 
  looked soft from the first angle , but the second it 's pretty clear of a penalty . 
  we do the same . 
  coutinho and hendo take them a lot for us now , when neither are good at it . 
  i 'd wan na see moreno take them . 
  managers must see these things differently from us . 
  i like your contribution in this thread . 
  carry on . 
  lallana on for coutinho would be my move . 
  how is that a foul ? 
  fucking cunt of a referee . 
  boy i 'll be pissed off now if we do n't win this . 
  always phil dowd . 
  we really need a sub or two . 
  so can into midfield to replace gerrard , and lovren on ? 
  or gets sent off . 
  balotelli  ) ) ) ) ), 
  it 's happened, 
  the power 's in the ` tache . 
  ref is actually ridiculous . 
  balotelli ; possibly the most unpredictable footballer ? 
  he bloody is . 
  he 's a tank with the touch of a watch maker . 
  it 's an odd type of match where both sets of fans fucking hate the ref . 
  what a game . 
  excellent performance from us . 
  fool of a ref though . 
  did n't know what he was doing . 
  unless you 're dnipro 's owner , who apparently does n't believe in buyout clauses . 
  i do hope villa do n't go down . 
  the fans i 've met are lovely , and their kit 's are nice too . 
  that 's it , mind , but still . 
  which is bizarre , because right now it just seems as if no one will meet the money lerner would demand for him , because his form 's been so poor now , it looks like last season was just a one-off . 
  when i was in accommodation , there was a huge split . 
  one particular one , had two buildings . 
  one had only chinese students in , the other had white/blacks . 
  it was odd . 
  after all that pessimism yesterday from the villa fans saying they 'll never sack him . 
  must be made up . 
  no chance , ` arry does n't believe in anything more north of london, 
  their squad is better than about five teams in the league , to be honest , at least . 
  lambert is n't the only problem , but by god he 's a big one . 
  wildlings . 
   `` a cold wind was blowing from the north , and it made the trees rustle like living things . '', 
  he 'd have an aneurysm if he watched us play every week . 
  not sure i 've ever seen more than 2 players in the box . 
  do you know why 8 is afraid of 7 ? 
  because 7 is a registered sex offender . 
  it 's delicious . 
  it 's a tequila beer .
