  especially now all of my friends are turning 18 , there 's plenty more to go to . 
  / r/nofap is calling, 
  i had a lucid dream a while back where i was on a boat and something bad was going down and i wanted to wake up but could n't , i eventually woke up and could n't sleep the rest of the night . 
  ask me again in ~ ~ 5 10 15 20 50 years ~ ~ never :(, 
  happiness, 
  dear lord the awkwardness and mental thoughts of that film, 
  sounds intense, 
  because they know the mind of teen better than some 40 y.o virgin neckbeard ? 
  if you stop masturbating , i 'm currently 2 weeks in or so , you do get more testosterone , confidence and more people appear to be sexual targets . 
  worth a go . 
  oneinchwalrus , standing by on day 10 . 
  even if it is a placebo effect , if it works , it works . 
  whether it 's actually happening or not , if you feel the effects surely it 's worth it . 
  i 'm not saying it 'll make you feel tons better , and you 'll get over your fa , but if you 've spent your life being fa and masturbating tons , is it not worth an attempt to stop wanking and see if anything changes ? 
   do you know what a placebo effect is ? 
  yup, 
   it means that it works because you think it will work . 
  by that logic , just believe that you 're more confident and it will achieve the same thing . 
  yup . 
  is this a bad thing ? 
  i repeat , ` if it works , it works ' . 
  whether it actually happens or not , if you think it is , then that is surely a positive thing . 
  all i 'm saying is that , it 's a worth a try , no ? 
  except this example is n't really relevant , masturbating wo n't kill you , or stop you from dying , it just * might * give you an improvement on your life . 
  but you 're clearly too stubborn to try to attempt things to stop being so forever alone , so * i 'll * leave you alone now . 
  by knowing whom i 'm attracted to , mainly, 
  there 's 66 in there , too much for a single screenshot , so i 'll leave it, 
  well this thread could * only * end well, 
  from my experience this place is relatively okay , decent for the age bracket . 
  but much like the rest of reddit , suffers from the ` agree with my views or die ' etc. 
  there 'll be sort of / r/teenagers ` celebrities ' who 'll fade into nothingness and be replaced . 
  much like the rest of reddit . 
  steal her keyboard, 
  a family member died in hurricane sandy . 
  brilliant game , but i swear the difficult of it made me cry a few times, 
  i 'll tip if something was particularly good or nice about it , or no tip, 
  tipping . 
  fuck that , i 'll tip if something is particularly good about the delivery , or service , if not , no tip . 
  especially if you * expect * tips, 
  do n't think it 's the same here . 
  we do n't get asked for tips or anything , but honestly if they make chitchat , or are nice or have manners i 'll give them a tip , but i hate the whole mandatory culture around it when it 's not necessary , and they 're not exactly doing something challenging . 
  you do n't tip doctors , admittedly they make much more money , but they play a much more valuable part to society , than say , delivering pizza, 
  the uk , and here , i have never seen anyone tip a bartender i hink ? 
  am i terminal ? 
  yes i did !, 
  it reaffirmed my feelings !, 
  love actually , mean girls , lotr , and aliens . 
  not even a question http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5kxz5lc_ya, 
  this guy https://pay.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/134u5m/hey_whats_your_job_how_much_do_you_make_and_scale/c70telx, 
  if it makes you feel any better , the current ` famous people ' ( not really that ) , will disappear soon enough , there 's been tons like them in my time here , all seem to disappear . 
  pretty sure i 've already seen this episode of how i met your mother, 
  what type of party is on a sunday night ?!, 
  but yeah , speak to them , and tell them . 
  they 'll know what you 're going through , say what you said to us , and ask them if they can just like eat with you on a weeknight or whatever, 
   i suppose it 's possible . 
  although us talking makes us seem crazy . 
  i suppose it 's possible . 
  although us talking makes me seem crazy . 
  does it count less , or more , if you 're drinking whilst skyping with someone who is also drinking ? 
  i heard they have a new limited edition flavour , but it 's only sold at asda or tesco 's and i 'm not going that far , something proper weird sounding, 
  caramel latte sounds lush, 
  facebook , cracked , forums and messageboards , postsecret , youtube . 
  to be fair , it is in the * metro *, 
  yup , if someone is * expecting * a tip , and did n't do a particularly good job i would n't tip, 
  shame about the cost . 
  liverpool , newcastle , manchester ? 
  and lilly allen, 
  i do n't think so , someone was being mean to someones friend or something, 
  i 'm seventeen too , currently as my flair says - on day 19 . 
  honestly i 've not found it too difficult , i just try to take my mind off it , and talk to someone or something . 
  if you 're talking you 're probably not as likely to spank your monkey . 
  really ? 
  sent home ?!, 
  i 've seen people do it at my college , no big deal i thought really ? 
  i mean , it covers you etc. 
  ellen page , evanna lynch , and mila kunis . 
  all . 
  the . 
  time . 
  i just marathon through shows , then regret doing so once i 've finished , because now i have nothing left to do . 
  see recent : us office , lost , twd , firefly , true blood , himym , futurama , et al. 
  aww , forgot about code lyoko . 
  i loved the theme song, 
  `` my therapist says i 'm a bad kisser '', 
  my friend done this , i think . 
  not completely sure , but his so lives in bournemouth ( south england ) , whilst he lives in the north . 
  he seems really happy though , and they 've definitely met once . 
  do n't see anything wrong with it . 
  it 's also worth saying it 's never been a completely christian thing , was n't it originally a pagan day ? 
  you should make a subreddit, 
  i have him at [ +17 ] so i think i 'm a bit in love with him ? 
  500 days of summer . 
  fucking great film , loved everything about it , no wonder people here love it so . 
  not masturbated in over 20 days , i still feel lazy, 
  aneka - japanese boy, 
   do you have friends ? 
  yeah i do . 
  i have a great group of friends , both in college , out of college , on the internet and whatnot . 
  really could n't ask for more , other than doing more things outside of college really . 
   do you have a loving family ?
