  people laugh , or scream at horror movies or something , but people do n't clap . 
  i 'm kind of the same , i 'm gon na buy it . 
  less than two months for me ... 
  i 've seen it , it is mainly just explosions . 
  but it 's fucking amazing . 
   they 're slang talking punks ; fairly real people . 
  been a while since i seen it , but are n't they criminals ? 
  they 're obviously chavs , but i 'm pretty sure they are criminals originally too ? 
  i knew as soon as i got back from this , there 'd be a post on tumblr about it . 
  there 's some grissley scenes , but if you 've seen it , you 'll understand there 's nothing about fat-shaming or ableism in this whatsoever . 
  if anything , your standard tumblrite should love this movie , it very much focuses on furiosa ( theron 's character ) . 
  i never even noticed anything feminist throughout the movie , it 's truly a great movie , i recommend it completely , you wo n't regret it, 
  first one from 79 , then two in the eighties . 
  this is the new one, 
  to be fair though , madrid fans are generally spoilt cunts . 
  psn 's up for me , but ea servers are down, 
  i want them on ps4 ... 
  robbie fowler would be great . 
  i 'd built my team around him . 
  good old david starkey . 
  should watch him on question time . 
  he 's mental . 
  benteke does n't fit our system . 
  bony does n't too much either , but i get the feeling we wanted someone to hold it up and play alongside sturridge . 
  but now sturridge keeps getting injured , we need someone to play like sturridge does , for his inevitable injuries . 
  sexy beast is amazing . 
  it was best with alonso after he scored from the half way line . 
  every single touch it was ` shoooooooooot ', 
  hell of a finish, 
  edit - took a nick off the defender, 
  for 150k , though . 
  even in the first half when we were doing okay , he was crumbling though . 
  nope . 
  nope . 
  we done that with lovren . 
  we do that with all of our signings . 
  nah , last season and first few weeks of this season he was genuinely really , really good . 
  since then , he 's been atrocious . 
  everyone out there in red has played terrible . 
  johnson is gash though . 
  was outside tbf . 
  please do you bellend . 
  johnson has n't been good for three years . 
  that match thread turned cancerous quickly . 
  sat at +40 after one minute . 
  let 's send a tribute to balotelli , lambert , and kolo too then . 
  i 'm 19 , and i 'm pretty sure i do n't snore , but i 'm not completely sure . 
  i 've looked it up online ( i know , cyberchondria much ) , and all the stuff seems to say an iron deficiency , or anemia and stuff . 
  any help 's appreciated ,, 
  does bleeding from belly buttons count as gi bleeding ? 
  they gave me three different meds and they did n't do anything , but it 's more or less sorted itself out, 
  his confidence shatters too easily . 
  bolasie destroyed him yesterday . 
  he would actually be someone who can cross if he joins us : o, 
   trick ' r treat, 
  best halloween movie . 
  really good film . 
  the end of the movie was meant to be completely different . 
  it seems a bit odd . 
  are n't they the ones that * need * the tip more ? 
  north western english ? 
   i pay about 700gbp/month for my rent and bills . 
  i can get that for 400 pounds in the north, 
  yeah i live in liverpool myself . 
  really does depend on the pub mind , the general price is usually # 3, 
  if you 'd link evidence that 'd be gr8, 
  okay mate . 
  i asked for a link for evidence , you ca n't just reply ` just google it ' . 
  i 'm asking you to find some trustworthy evidence , otherwise it 's all smoke and no fire . 
  edit - clear troll, 
   with or without oil they are just bunch of goatfucking sandnigerrs and the end of the day . 
  i 'd say looking at the squad from his first season , to now . 
  we 're at the same level . 
  was n't the picture a fake ? 
  he does n't have the bottle . 
  makes one mistake , then falls to bits . 
  also some stupid things to rank cb 's on in that article ? 
  that is the stupidest thing i 've seen a player do in ages . 
  carra as manager , sammi as assistant . 
  we would never concede . 
  38 clean sheets, 
  say what you want about rodgers and fsg , he ai n't going united, 
  its funny if an everton lad joins us , infuriating if its the other way around, 
  can someone translate ? 
  maybe it 's best if you do n't mention the score for op . 
  coates has had a damn good game ey . 
  they 're waiting for the touchdown, 
  they 're gon na be smashed on the coach back . 
  heck of a journey . 
  my nfl knowledge is poor . 
  is that a field goal ? 
  heck of a game for their back four and keeper . 
  looks like it really meant a lot to dick . 
  seems a really good guy . 
  his agent probably , trying to ` scare us ' into thinking we better sell quickly, 
   their statistically driven approach to recruitment has been a key factor in a transfer market strategy which saw the club spend # 110m last summer on players who have not materially improved the squad . 
  ` moneyball ' really has n't worked for us . 
  we should just operate like a normal football team, 
   fsg are thought to feel the same point of principal applies to the retention of raheem sterling at liverpool as when luis suarez was agitating to leave two summers ago . 
  meh , situations are different .
