  then about a week later i found one in there , and i was horrified . 
  now i do it religiously . 
  :( mean, 
  ( source : from liverpool ), 
  narrow it down . 
  there is no northern english accent , northern england has tons ,, 
  it 's delicious . 
  smokers smoke fags for the nicotine and buzz , whilst pipes are much more relaxed , and enjoyable and the like . 
  i 'd recommend them . 
  i do n't smoke them often , but if i were to smoke anything , i 'd use my pipe . 
  * cough cough *, 
  - holds up hand -, 
  i do . 
  is being english close enough to the suit and monacle ? 
  the canadian 's i 've met are lovely , so i love you too fannerz . 
  i love you too . 
  they can also get depressed easily , particularly if separated from their best friends . 
  the devil and god are raging inside me - brand new, 
  this will be downvoted to oblivion , but fuck it . 
  i do n't really give a shit , it 's just another job to me . 
  you 're not deserving of respect innately by going to afghanistan to fight for oil continents over . 
  you 're not really risking your life , very few soldiers die . 
  plenty of people die too sewing , or being a bus driver or whatever . 
  amazing live . 
  you get the point i 'm trying to make . 
  it 's just another job , like any other , with its risks . 
  if op wants to join the army , go for it , enjoy it etc. 
  it 's a shame but they know the risks though . 
  why ? 
  4488 us soldiers apparently died in the iraq war for example . 
  over 30 thousand people died just in 2010 from american gun related deaths . 
  just in one year . 
  they must have been , or left over from christmas ? 
  i 'm quite flabbergasted, 
  no need to sell unless he wants to leave . 
  and i 'm not saying he definitely wo n't want to , but he seems happy here , he signed a new massive contract recently and does seem to genuinely love the club . 
  40 million would be rejected , unless he made it clear he * wants to * leave . 
  stop with this ` keep calm and ` etc fad please , it 's horribly tacky and over-done . 
  chances are it 's just hormones , that happen to * every * teen . 
  depends on where you live , they 're aplenty over here . 
  coke vanilla :(, 
  and non-craft cadbury 's chocolate ( those bastards ), 
  i would n't call it a downvote brigade , but the fact you 've done an ama does , to me , come across a bit narcissistic . 
  worth the downvotes ? 
  not really , but heck , internet anonymity for you . 
  he 's british . 
  he * does * . 
  that 's literally about 3 % of the british population with that accent . 
  i have shaved , but then i realised ; what 's the point ? 
  trim , i 'd say . 
  do n't shave . 
  do you have any plans of touring the uk ? 
  as a recent-ish fan of about 2 years , i have n't had a chance to see you yet !, 
  love you guys . 
  * coughcough * come to liverpool * coughcough *, 
  oh lighten up , not everything has to be serious . 
  if you do n't try to enjoy yourself you 'll end up being a miserable bastard . 
  not if they * enjoy themselves , * it 's not . 
  i was watching ` pointless ' on the bus earlier , i had to hold it slightly to the side so no one knew i was watching it . 
  not that i 'm embarrassed by it , just to avoid them asking if they could watch it with me . 
  you sure sound like you 're making everything sound serious . 
  reaper 's ending was disappointing . 
  nor have i , fortunately i do n't come to reddit to make friends . 
  ours is still going down https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bbferbpcaaehomy.jpg:large, 
  game of thrones , and the big lebowski . 
  i 've watched through tbl about three times now because apparently it gets better with more watches , but i still do n't like it . 
  got , admittedly i only watched the show , not read it , but i still do n't like it . 
  quick list ; arrested development , red dwarf , the it crowd , qi , lost , x-men , walking dead , x-files , star trek . 
  honestly i find it a bit tacky if anyone eats on the bus , unless it 's something like skittles , chewies , or fruit or something . 
  just not something odious smelling , or tacky . 
  once seen someone eat kfc on the bus . 
  i think other than morgan freeman and matthew liliard , reddit hates everyone . 
  and https://fbcdn-sphotos-a-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-prn1/537783_10151240344211172_834335980_n.jpg, 
  it is an italian team , to be fair . 
  sorry , but i disagree a fair bit . 
  i ca n't see coates , wilson , reina , still being here come then . 
  the first two are not in brendan 's plans , and it seems he 's willing to let them go , especially wilson . 
  reina 's always said he dreams of playing for atletico madrid . 
  henderson , despite his recent good form , he seems expendable to me , particularly not captain material . 
  not the foggiest on the gk, 
  mclaughlin , wisdom , kelly , robinson, 
  sterling , sturridge , borini, 
  no lucas ? 
  kelly is either rb or cb really , it 's just we have been much worse in rb over the years than cb , so he 's been played there really . 
  agreed on henderson . 
  tom ince is at the game today . 
  zaha 's staying at palace until the summer . 
  but do n't forget it 's not their fault for being picked to play . 
  a team which we know wo n't bully us, 
  not even close . 
  add gerrard , reina , johnson , enrique , agger , lucas , etc in . 
  gosh , i really want to watch this !, 
  but i 'm like 1/4 through the book , but i 'm a painfully slow reader . 
  then how is it ' *** pop *** ' music ? 
  heck no i want to grow up , so i can do things when i want to , and actually have fun without teen angst, 
  it 'd sell tomacco, 
  yup , but certain places do n't give a shit . 
  just saturday actually , i was in my local pub and they served me and everyone . 
  ( i 'm 17 ), 
  to be fair though , he shown good footwork getting in there .
