  only outcome is a 5-5, 
  10 miles to anfield, 
  she should throw their cat in the bin, 
  agreed . 
  he watches so many movies . 
  remember him saying sometime the amount of movies he watches weekly , and it was just amazing . 
  i had this happen to me on my driving test the other week . 
  correct answer ; the one who says ` fuck it ' and goes . 
  luckily that was me , and apparently i done the right thing . 
  reddit in large is the same , but / r/soccer is such a flavour of the month sub . 
  i 'm a liverpool fan , but he 's talking out his arse there . 
   a trial to prove fitness after the guy has had a huge long term injury is an insult ? 
  never tried to get him on a trial . 
  man i hate people who use retard like that . 
  that word annoys me so much more than cunt . 
  i love the word cunt , but retard is just vile . 
  happens to most people i think . 
  shaving cream is your best bet . 
  what about movie channels though ? 
  i switched from film4 to another two normal channels , and it still lined up perfectly, 
  would you consider yourself a hairy person ? 
  i 'm pretty hairy , always had hair on my shaft, 
  i. . . er ... what ? 
  i done about 40 lessons , at # 20 a pop . 
  fear , probably that no one will let you in , and you 'll need to slam on . 
  happened to me once on a driving lesson , doing 45 or so trying to get on a dual carriageway , some truck was taking the piss out of me and not letting me in, 
  same . 
  if i know the country lane , and it 's not wet , i 'd happily go 50-55 , but if i do n't , fuck that, 
  my instructor was renowned for making you do loads of lessons before you take your test . 
  happened to my sister , and my best mate . 
  i think one of the reason was for some reason there was a huge waiting list when i tried to book my test , so i had to wait an extra month and half, 
  passed first time , though so i ca n't complain too much . 
  hull defended well , we did n't play until lambert and cou came on . 
  but jesus , mario . 
  best shows on the kid channels come on late ish . 
  i 'm right with you . 
  still need my courage the cowardly dog fix . 
  as i get older , the more i appreciate the food . 
  oh god the food and booze . 
  fortnight of pure intoxication, 
  did you enjoy college ? 
  i feel like the hobbit is a lot more tame , a lot more almost childish . 
  seen any disaster movie , you 've seen 2012, 
  my dog died the other month . 
  it 's horrible . 
  she was 16 , and i can barely remember a time without her . 
  threads about islam , and israel are sure to end well . 
  to be fair , that team would n't work too well . 
  it 'd be too open . 
  vlaar has played in four matches this season ... 
  he 's been very good , no doubt . 
  but all these threads are subjective . 
  could well argue other players instead of him . 
  not saying they 're right , but there is no right in this thread . 
  how has griezmann been this season so far ? 
  think the reason is that it 's just a port from the prior generation . 
  really hope they make another . 
  origin and legends are so good . 
  oh i agree , but what op said was, 
   yes that is a great team but it wont work in real life like you said . 
  then you responded with that . 
  making you call them schlee instead of ` she ', 
  legal age to buy is 18 , but you can drink from 5 if with parents and/or eating a meal . 
  everyone started drinking a lot earlier than 18 , though . 
  i got served in my local pub from 16 . 
  it 's known plenty drink from 12 +, 
  that 's because you 're not in high school anymore , so you ca n't really be a stereotype of it, 
   webuyanycorpse, 
  [ oh my days, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6xzbgo0ggc&amp;list=uugpbeettqvrfuqdfayrgbsq ), 
  as long as they 're not doing it whilst driving , i 'm fine with this, 
  on friday , one of them wrote on the little sorry we missed you slip said they ` put it in the blue bin ' . 
  i was in all day , the stupid cunt . 
  would have took less effort to knock on the door . 
  when in newcastle , people took the piss out my accent since it 's semi-scouse . 
  happens everywhere i suppose . 
  city . 
  of the fans i 've met from both clubs , i got on better with the city fans . 
  but of course , it 's a small demographic . 
  coutinho was not integral last season . 
  1-0 chelsea . 
  let 's face it . 
  two certainties in life ; that we 'll die , and that mikel will come on after 65 ' 1-0 up, 
  i can grow a killer neckbeard , but my mustache leaves a lot to be desired . 
  it 's really bad up your end . 
  trying to get a train from lime street to newcastle took the fucking piss . 
  i prefer the motw episodes , but i love almost all of them , bar most of the last season , and a few from the second to last season . 
  is bowing your head when someone 's praying a thing ? 
  really not very significant to tilt your head a tad is it ? 
  same old day , went to uni , spoke to nobody , came home , spoke to nobody , watched movies . 
  can you legally drive a manual if you learned in an automatic , where you 're from ? 
  here in england if you learn in an automatic , that 's all you can drive . 
  [ 2004 renault clio ] ( http://autopazar.co.uk/media/1244/used_renault_clio_2004_blue_hatchback_petrol_manual_for_sale_in_warwickshire_uk.jpg ), 
  my first car , got it just over a week ago, 
  `` think i 'd rather be a banana '', 
  depends where you live . 
  plenty of folks are n't used to cold weather , so when they get it , it fucks them up . 
  where i live , no one has air con , so when it 's warm , we struggle, 
  iirc they spent most of their budget getting licensing for the songs, 
  currently , alonso .
