  yeah i do , even in my teen angsty days i recognise my family is close enough , happy , well enough enough etc. 
   do you have possessions you want ? 
  yeah i guess i do, 
   are you good in school ? 
  yeah i am , b/c student , good in class whatnot, 
   are you happy ? 
  not really, 
   are you sad ? 
  despite all this above , i 'd say i am a bit sad . 
  all of that , above , and i still feel empty , and alone . 
  which makes me feel selfish when i think about it , and i wish it was n't like that , but it is . 
  it 's winter :(, 
  graveyardshift -_- for world leader ? 
  ` videotape ' and ` how to disappear completely ' with mentions too . 
  exactly . 
  the place is a bit shit , but the friend things distorts my view, 
  be friends with people who you like , and who like you . 
  give a shite if they 're what you think of as ` popular ' . 
  you do n't just need one friendship group . 
  i 'm lonely as fuck . 
  i feel teenagehood should have more instore than it does , it 's just really disillusioning and numbing . 
  i feel so empty , and i know i should n't because i have almost everything i could want in life , bt it 's not enough . 
  it 's never enough . 
  it makes me feel selfish and a terrible person . 
  this is an unpopular opinion ? 
  i laughed , then i cried . 
  i 'd say about 4 . 
  school finished two and a half hours ago, 
  to be fair , people ` break the law ' in school everyday . 
  it does seem a bit out of place for a school to drug test someone , if anything they should have simply reported him to the police , and let them deal with it . 
  both are illegal . 
  sure , one 's worse than another , but both are illegal . 
  my point was it illegal shit happens all the time, 
  indeed they are , however i do n't know about your school , but i do n't think i come across murder as readily as littering or smoking, 
  i agree . 
  but littering and smoking happen often in school , both against the law . 
  that 's all i said . 
  toy story 3, 
  the us version * used to be * better.i just hope the us one stops whilst they 're relatively ahead , like the original one done . 
  ` happiness ' . 
  yes , 15,000 boys to 2000 girls . 
  it 'd be like china . 
  a 17,400 capacity school ? 
  however the world is now more peaceful than it used to be , so i guess there 's that http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2011/08/15/think_again_war, 
  because it 's a * teenagers * ' place . 
  this is what a lot of teens are like , hormonal and seeking relationships and shit . 
  it 's natural . 
  you do n't need to view them , just ignore them . 
  animals tortured and killed , half mutilated/abused corpses etc. 
  not in the flesh , though , on 4chan and the like . 
  or if you want to see the real messed up stuff go to the deep web, 
  i can live with those stats, 
  christmas is n't really a religious holiday anymore to be fair , i mean it was n't even properly began as a christian thing , just kind of thought ` pagan 's celebrate on this day , let 's do this too ' etc etc. 
  for this reason , amongst my family being together and stuff then i 'd say i celebrate christmas . 
  i do n't really have too much choice though , to be fair , since i live in their house . 
  nope , no one will pay that now villa have made it known they do n't want him anymore, 
  thanks to / r/nofap i no longer masturbate . 
  well , i have n't in 25 odd days . 
  do n't be a dick to people , mainly . 
  just do n't overthink things , be nice . 
  you do n't need to go and introduce yourself to everyone , just chill around with your mates , as the night goes on you 'll mix more and chill with others more . 
  do n't get all pissy if people are smoking/drinking/whatever , just let them go for it . 
  try keep your drink in view at most times , i really doubt anyone 'll spike it or anything , but does n't hurt to be safe . 
  you probably wo n't care once you 've had a few though . 
  i think i might rather go to download , or leeds . 
  closer , and probably better music . 
  like everyone else in here . 
  nothing . 
  nothing.at.all . 
  i totally would , but effort making plans when they could be ruined etc. 
  except leeds is much much closer to me, 
  i really just think they 'll never stop making things . 
  personally , this show grew tiresome and repetitive after season 3 , so i really doubt i 'll have any interest in the film . 
  i have a sociology exam , a media resit and general studies ( lol , general studies ) . 
  all a2 other than my resit . 
  well if they 're not arseholes they wo n't care . 
  but this coming from an englishman where no one really gives a shite about others ' religion . 
  i have piercings myself , link included . 
  i want another one , on the top of my ear , but i do n't know what it 's called and effort . 
  just not an industrial one . 
  fuck no . 
  `` homophobes are n't scared , they 're just assholes '' - jon gnarr, 
  is that what you kids call it now-a-days, 
  your point being ? 
  celebrate it from 28-1st ? 
  i am . 
  did n't blue shells come into it in the gamecube one ? 
  apologies - tips hat -, 
   look at religous charities , for example . 
  many are pretty fucked up though . 
  look at the salvation army , cafod burning condoms in africa etc. 
  pc gaming is not necessarily better than console gaming . 
  it 's more expensive , and the price does n't justify the quality of pc gaming . 
  emma watson seems a bit of a pretentious self entitled person . 
  you do n't need to be drunk to enjoy yourself , and not everyone acts like an arse when they are drunk . 
  everyone responds differently , for example , i get happy whilst tipsy , and depressive whilst drunk . 
  you do n't need to be drunk to enjoy alcohol . 
  tl ; dr salvation army are against lgbt rights , and civil rights . 
  they basically just say ` go to church ' if you want to be better etc. 
  i , was the one who let the dogs out .
