  anything more than a loan deal is a pipedream imo . 
  `` the sun was right , you 're murderers '' classy . 
  not having a bad game , but his corners have been poor . 
  he made a delicious 50 yarder to johnson before, 
  no he 's not, 
  it 's on now lads, 
  god knows how rafael 's still on the pitch, 
  sorry , but it makes the match more competitive keeping it 11/11 , but it should have been another yellow . 
  if he had n't already been booked , he 'd have gotten yellow, 
  it 's like when you 're out drinking , then remember the person who could n't come out , so you decide to call him at 3am just to say ` hi mate ', 
  they were when it was at 0-0, 
  well in mig, 
  good half lads, 
  they never seem to do well with me on fifa , whereas shane long ... 
  hendo 's doing well !, 
  when anyone comes off for cou it 'll be sturridge or more likely sterling, 
  he 's played well , hassling everyone , but the yellow makes it a worry now . 
  cool guys do n't look at explosions, 
  same here . 
  i 'd prefer for arsenal to win the league over all the other competition , but since we 're battling each other , i 'm in mixed emotions, 
  come on ladss, 
  well in stevie laddd, 
  and a kiss for the cam , it 's 2009 all over again ?!?!? 
  very sloppy from jones . 
  just bulled him over, 
  they only have the one job , that 's being the official . 
  bit surprised to hear that about the nfl to be honest . 
  it 'd be cissokho . 
  possibly sakho, 
  he jumped into skrtel 's back once the ball had went, 
  we 've actually had a smaller cut of the tickets than usual this year, 
  sub flanno off . 
  now . 
  he 's been really good , but too much of a danger going to 10 now, 
  this is an odd performance from the ref, 
  asking the big questions, 
  hatty of pens and vidic is off, 
  no chance we 'll get another pen , even if that should have been, 
  that side net is rvp 's best friend today, 
  what a save de gea . 
  david moyes , playing football the negative way, 
  look at that from skrtel and luis !, 
  i admit the third was really soft , but the two given were , and the one after the dive should have been, 
  mignolet i think has only had to make one save, 
  draw in the nld now and we 're golden, 
  those , and loads of chippy 's , pizza shops , and nando 's . 
  just completely nullified mata and januzaj so well having allen and hendo pressing on them constantly on the wings , in that diamond . 
  think xbox is doing pretty badly here , before this gen xbox dominated but from everything i can tell here , ps4s dominating, 
  david mitchell and robert webb in it , basically a comedy through their eyes about their lives, 
  pretty much . 
  with him it 's not a question of putting it the opposite side to the goalie , but just picking his spot . 
  him and kuyt barely ever missed pens for us, 
  there are n't many . 
  some of these might not be on there anymore , but a few that have been ;, 
  event horizon, 
  session 9 - really good low budget psychological movie . 
  this one 's a must . 
  cabin in the woods is good . 
  not really scary , but a good movie . 
  same for tucker and dale vs evil . 
  vhs is alright too . 
  nothing special but a nice collection of good stories . 
  rosemary 's baby is a classic . 
  creepy , psychologically curious . 
  another must watch . 
  first of all , education is n't everything . 
  a cunt who goes harvard or oxford is still a cunt , just a cunt at a good uni . 
  rather not be a cunt , than be a cunt with a brilliant degree and get a 80k p/a job . 
  people go to certain uni 's for all different reasons . 
  some people , like myself ( admittedly i 'm not exactly in the top % of achievers ) , just get homesick and do n't want to travel far , or have many other activities on in their life , such as having to look after loved ones . 
  one of my friends , the smartest person i 've ever met goes to a pretty standard uni , when he had the choice to go to oxford and cambridge , just because he wanted to be somewhere he enjoyed , and do something he enjoyed . 
  exactly what i 'm saying . 
  having a really good job would be cool , sure , but i 'd rather be happy than rich . 
  there 's more to life than giving a lot to the economy and the society . 
  you can contribute to society in other ways than making big digits, 
  surely not the sixth sense and signs ?!, 
  i really like those two . 
  the rest ... 
  someone told me mastercard 's help to improve credit rating , whilst visa 's do not . 
  is this accurate ? 
  okay , thanks for that , that 's helped a lot . 
  i 'm in the uk so we do n't have american express or discover iirc . 
  think they may be a uk thing , but are maestro cards exactly the same then , do you know ? 
  twitch is a website that allows people to upload streams . 
  usually games , you see a lot of league of legends , or streams of those sorts . 
  essentially twitch plays pokemon is a stream like those , however it uses a system where when people can type in a command such as ` left ' , and the game of pokemon will make the character within pokemon move to the left . 
  to combat the obvious trolls , they introduced a democracy system where over a set period of time ( say 10 seconds ) , if more people typed ` right ' rather than ` left ' in , then the character would move right . 
  in essence it 's a game controlled by the community , and get the character in pokemon to do as they desire . 
  it 's basically a communal pokemon game, 
  i learned some of this in philosophy in school , so i may not be completely correct , but iirc pragmatism is doing the * practical * thing . 
  it 's doing the thing which seems like the best option , even if the majority of people disagree with it , or the person making the decisions does n't want to do it . 
  it 's pragmatic to assassinate a dictator who is committing genocide , even if it breaks your belief human life is sacred , or you should n't kill people . 
  utilitarianism is basically the belief the majority rules . 
  it 's what 's best for the biggest amount of people . 
  if there 's a terrorist threatening to kill everyone on board a plane headed for the world trade centre , it would be in the majority 's interest that they destroy the plane , rather than watching the world trade centre blow up , as it maximises pleasure for the majority of the people . 
  they do n't really * understand * what we 're saying , but rather relate what we 're saying to another thing . 
  if i have a treat and the dog sees this , he wants the treat . 
  if i put my hand out and say ` paw ' he wo n't know what to do at first . 
  but through seeing how i 'm holding my hand out , he 'll do the same . 
  over time , you do n't need a treat for him to do that , he 'll become used to knowing that if i say ` paw ' he might get a treat out of it , and he 'll put his paw out .
