  just fyi , i do n't think facebook page is proof nor safe to post on reddit . 
  furbies, 
  i find one leads to the other very often . 
   he thinks he 's `` cool '' but everybody knows he 's from manchester . 
  you 're right , he 's definitely not cool then, 
  father ted was * massive * here in britain, 
  currently , gerrard ? 
  he 's been poor for three years now , yet when we look for someone on the pitch it 's always him , even though he does n't do much anymore . 
  similar for reina . 
   as a web developer , i think it 's atrocious . 
  as someone who done gcse it , i find it atrocious, 
  i like the show , but i just find ted so pretentious , other than him , i 'd say i 'm a bit over invested , particularly in lilly and marshall . 
  a goofy movie, 
  i do n't think anyone would see me in all the coffuful . 
  to be fair , he must look damn good if you believed he was 10 years younger . 
  i always had a crush on luna watching harry potter . 
  we should stop the embarrassment, 
  occupy * my pants *, 
  i had never watched the big lebowski until recently . 
  reddit told me to . 
  did n't care for it . 
  main problem is that now , he gives half his simple passes away too . 
  he did thomas the tank engines voice . 
  that * is * huge, 
  session 9, 
  scary as it looks in the film ? 
  came here to say this . 
  ricky 's words about how there 's a whole other universe out there when the bag 's flying about done it for me . 
  great film , great message . 
  napoleon dynamite and the big lebowski . 
  i know reddit loves the latter , but i just found it painfully unfunny from start to finish . 
  i began questioning whether or not it was , infact , a comedy film . 
  mad live . 
  i end up with bruises in places i did n't know i had . 
  being english , most of my bands i enjoy are not american . 
  enter shikari , prodigy , los campesinos ! , sigur ros , pink floyd , hellsongs , radiohead etc. 
  why are you so lethargic , my brethren ? 
  i went there a few times during summer , but now everytime i do it 's empty , so i took it as a hint . . 
  [ spoiler ] well then - basically after being stalked by smiley for ages , the girl 's roommate goes out of town , she ends up shooting her love interest as she believed he was smiley , then smiley came , she jumped out a window - dead . 
  turned out it was a 4chan conspiracy so that she killed herself . 
  ( / spoiler ), 
  i feel i 'll regret this , but - the big lebowski . 
  quick , join me in the bunker !, 
  we do n't have much time !, 
  any song by anal cunt would be pretty bad, 
  only when i 'm not sober , and my friend offers me one . 
  so like 1 or 2 every month or two then . 
  it 's quite lovely when intoxicated most of the time , but i would n't do it properly . 
  any of the lord of the rings , star wars , james bond 's , armageddon , and bruce almighty , ghostbusters, 
  curse of the big club i 'm afraid . 
  average players at big clubs get called up instead of in-form , better players elsewhere . 
  * sigh *, 
  regret losing him . 
  if he were still here , he 'd have so much gametime this year, 
  he just seems like such a pretentious , fucker . 
  he just seems so stuck up his own arse all the time, 
  it 's amazing how massively he 's fell in a year, 
  they 're double the people , most people are . 
  so you should respect them doubly, 
  there 's a toilet in my college someone kept littering in , so they put a sign up ` saying please do n't litter in the toilets ' , so someone threw a whole pasty in there . 
  f the man, 
  wrong club, 
  pretty sure it was more like 11/12 million, 
  i 'm white which goes with everything but i can come in any color ,, 
  and i 'm looking for the kind of girl that reminds me of my mother ,, 
  but it 's hard to find a girl with a viper tattooed on her tushy ,, 
  and how many girls do you know that can play the harmonica with their pussies ? 
  like em ' easy and hot and sweet like a rice krispie treat , gee ,, 
  you know what i really want in a girl ? 
  reminds me of when i got my ps2 , me and my brother were so pumped for it . 
  my grandad went to buy us a game for christmas , he must have spent ages looking for one we 'd love because he was really quite ill at the time , finally settled on 007 nightfire , knowing how much we both loved 007 . 
  he died soon after that , still have that game , still play it sometimes and love it . 
  agreed !, 
  i loved the level with the tram line thing on the snow level, 
  i ca n't look at my ps2 without immediately thinking ` timesplitters 2 ', 
   i probably drink 3 cups a day . 
  multiply this by about three and you 've got the average brit 's . 
  including me . 
  no you 've just grown synical and out dated towards them , ask young kids - they love them . 
  leave them to enjoy them in peace . 
  and fyi , adventure time , regular show , johnny test , ben10 , etc are great . 
  yup , 08/09 he was great , his best year yet . 
  then it just went all down hill ... 
  a more recent one , 007 legends . 
  such a cheap cop off , such a shame as bond games are usually really great . 
  that guy with the flag is loving life, 
  literally the third post i 've seen today advertising this tinychat . 
  * we get it guys ... *, 
  `` i 'm ace rimmer . 
  there 'll be time for explanations later -- and , hopefully , some sex . '', 
  is this an official tinychat yet ? 
  i know a while ago the mods said they were going to make one eventually , is this that ? 
  well actually this is better than leaving it in the fidgety hands on lucas , for longer . 
  disney wo n't actually fuck it up , look what they 've done with marvel and pixar . 
  well then , my suggestion is not to advertise positions like this , instead watch people in the chat , etc , then offer them a position on suitability . 
  with op , you wo n't be able to tell if people are genuine in this thread , or just trying to get a position of power . 
  honestly i do n't think prior experience is that important , i mean , it 's * only tinychat * , it 's not like you 'll be fiddling with formatting or anything, 
  what this guy said, 
  watching the simpsons . 
  like every other night .
