  i do n't really like the tinychat , but it seems odd to ban posts about it . 
  sure it can be integrated with social networks , but it does n't have to be . 
  i never did when i used it in the summer , when it was fun, 
  people * can * also post their facebook in a . self post too etc. 
  i do n't really like the tinychat because most people disappear after a month or so , and it 's too much effort to get to know new people constantly, 
  cowboy dan by modest mouse of course, 
  holy wall of text , batman !, 
  problem is , no one will be around to watch it, 
  depends on the room size , windows , if parents are desensitized from the smell et al really . 
  just do it in small go 's , op , out of the window and do n't blow it straight out , blow it to the side so it does n't blow back at you . 
  and use spray . 
  my mum grew up with her mum smoking , so it seems to be difficult for her to smell anything like that really . 
  smoking can be fun , socially , you at 14 probably wo n't try it for a few years anyway, 
  they 're helping the needy , when it suits them , and only them . 
  they choose which ` needy ' to help , and which not to help based off how they were born , and their lifestyle choices . 
  that 's what is wrong . 
  not a very christian thing to do . 
  apart from his dive :(, 
  i really want to play df , i subbed to the subreddit in the hope it 'll make me play it , i downloaded it , read guides etc , but i just ca n't seem to take that step and try and get into it . 
  but i really want to , it 's just so frightening to see everything i 'll need to learn, 
  true capitalist shot glasses ; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fc6zxoc_cmg&amp;feature=my_favorites&amp;list=flgas1dqa9ehuoksxqn6lfhg, 
  i remember hearing about all this , and thought it was some small thing . 
  bought it anyway , and seen how it was getting national coverage . 
  was mad . 
  the guys on the charts shows sounded really pissed off about it all , and were complaining . 
   even still , why are people boycotting them for it ? 
  ... did you not * read * my post ? 
   why not start your own charity or donate to one that helps the general population ? 
  i do n't usually donate to charity , unless i know them . 
  i wo n't give money to random people who ask me to , if i see a busker on the street , then fine . 
  because it goes straight to them . 
  but if some git from cafod asks me to donate , i will not . 
   at least they are n't actually hurting anyone, 
  they are though . 
  they 're stopping gay ( et al ) homeless people getting help , as well as embarrassing them by refusing them help . 
  if not feeding a dying gay homeless man is n't hurting anyone , i do n't know what is . 
  well people do it for tons of reasons , you ca n't narrow it down . 
  social reasons , addiction , something to do , reason to go outside , nicotine buzz , it also lowers the chances of getting certain cancers and conditions , do n't get me wrong it also heightens others but meh . 
  just making this known for op , atheism is * not * a religion, 
   but it is * lack of * a religious belief . 
  ftfy, 
  you can do it , alex. 
  just make idle chit chat occasionally , and get an excuse to text her . 
  nothing innately wrong with dictatorship , it 's just that it so happens most/all ( ? ), 
  modern dictators get a power trip , and commit genocide and treat their people like shite . 
  ( too lazy to type ), 
  that 's not important right now , alex. 
  all you need to know is , quickly , go to the roof . 
  you do n't have time to spare . 
  there 'll be a helicopter to pick you up soon . 
  it will take you to your crush 's , everything 's been arranged , alex. 
  to whisp you two away to a magical land of course . 
  to the redditor 's paradise . 
  where you might ask ? 
  is it narnia ? 
  that place from game of thrones ? 
  why no , silly alex, 
  sweden . 
  you 're not fat , alex. 
  you 're my lovely alex. 
   why do you do them and what do you do exactly ? 
  it 's fun , social and makes me feel better about almost everything . 
  for a few hours a few times a week i feel good , i do n't feel like a complete fuck up in everything i do . 
  everything is amazing , and fun to do . 
  i only smoke weed , but honestly i 'm willing to try most things , other than heroine or something . 
  i really want to try hallucinogens sometime . 
   do they make you lazy or keep you from accomplishing something you want ? 
  yeah . 
  though to be fair , i only smoke it when i have nothing else to do . 
  so i 'm not really procrastinating anything . 
  though , i think that if i did have anything to do , i 'd probably excell in it to be fair . 
  to be fair , so is caffeine . 
  hey r/teenagers what 's your feelings on the caffeines ? 
  what if you get the munchies and eat your way into an early grave !, 
  if you do n't like him , nor care about him , why let what he says affect you ? 
  it * does n't * matter . 
  he * does n't * matter . 
  if it bothers you so much , the only way anything will happen , is if you tell someone in higher power about it . 
  if you just let it eat away at you and say nothing it 'll continue . 
  tipping . 
  i hate how it 's expected i 'll give you a tip . 
  no , if you 've done something particularly special , then fair enough . 
  ... fatherrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr !, 
  we do n't speak of it . 
  the same thing you could do yesterday . 
  honestly things wo n't change until you 're about 2,3 years older . 
  you wo n't even realise it , but soon you 'll start feeling more mature , and before you know you 'll have tried smoking , drinking , drugs , and stuff . 
  you 'll be going concerts , staying out until morning , etc. 
  just be open to things and nice to people . 
  despite what people say , your childhood days are n't the best you 'll ever have . 
  if you 're anything like me , you 'll be pretty miserable and teen angsty until about 16 , then things start getting fun . 
  now you know how the rest of us feel 30 % of the time with videos :(, 
  hey , there 's a new blink-182 album out on the 18th , there 's still time for them to win !, 
  love dara o'brian , though i feel the other two just live on their controversial comedy , rather than substance . 
  oh , and ` frankie ' *, 
  what * ca n't * you do ? 
  drugs , if that 's your thing . 
  movies , camp ( camping sounds fun , never been myself though ) , meet up with someone and go for a walk , stay in and watch shite films ? 
  i really do n't know . 
  it 's not something anyone , other than 1,2 really talk about .
