  skrtel has lost us this match . 
  meh , i never really expected us to challenge for top four , we have too many results like this . 
  skrtel and mane at half time completely changed the game . 
  benteke coming on killed off our attack , as skrtel killed our defence . 
  sooner the summer , the better . 
  meh , i never really expected us to challenge for top four , we have too many results like this . 
  skrtel and mane at half time completely changed the game . 
  benteke coming on killed off our attack , as skrtel killed our defence . 
  sooner the summer , the better . 
  oh well , at least it did n't happen against everton , united or chelsea . 
  we 've been like your lot for the last few years, 
  skrtel and benteke came on . 
  they 're not footballers . 
  hendo should have came on for sturridge , shore up the midfield . 
  can and allen got caught a bit far forward too often as the game went on, 
  there 's been debate about him being captain since he was given it , the debate recently is more about his form, 
  it 's funny , all the replies to this comment saying he 's a dick , saying he 's actually nice . 
  [ he 's also a dj ] ( https://soundcloud.com/kristiannairn ), 
  skrtel and mane coming on completely changed the game . 
  as much as i like skrtel , he should be the cb who goes this summer . 
  lovren , matip , sakho , a new centre back , and gomez for back up is what i 'm hoping for . 
  like insidious, 
  i was really expecting the season 's big battle to be stannis ' . 
  stannis was my favourite book character , and i was so looking forward to his big moment . 
  but again , the showrunners just do n't like him . 
  it was okay . 
  the performances were good , the last half hour 's fight scene was pretty good . 
  they either should have made the film shorter , and cut off some storylines , or even longer than it already was , and actually flesh it out a bit . 
  why did lex actually dislike superman ? 
  why were there so many dream sequences ? 
  why did n't batman/superman/ww go find the spear instead of lois getting it ? 
  the email bit was laughably funny . 
  how that scene got greenlit is beyond me . 
  there 's surely a better way to say ` justice league is coming and with * these * characters ! ', 
  than via a email with the symbols on the actual videos and everything . 
  just the world in general, 
  owen i think , vs newcastle , got a hattrick . 
  about 2003 i think, 
  unfortunately dairy milk has been bought by kraft , and now it 's getting worse and worse . 
  does your car not have an annoying beeping noise when you do n't have on your seatbelt ? 
  i drive a rickety 04 clio and the fucking beep , even when i 'm moving it four yards . 
  not true . 
  you need a tv license to watch live tv . 
  if you only watch catchup or on demand you dont need a license , or if you use it for gaming etc, 
  give up the ghost is another one too, 
  it would be odd . 
  neither are that good out wide , so i wonder what the plan would be, 
  i remember that u21 tournie , he really was awesome , was that the one with the everlasting penalty shootout ? 
  zz top !, 
  i actually really like that lineup , wo n't be going , but still . 
  m83 , explosions in the sky , zz top , cyndi lauper , earth , wind and fire , sigur ros , chvrches , and elo ( though i 'm seeing them soon anyway ) , all artists i 'd like seeing . 
  ca n't win , really . 
  they drive on the pavement and have to stop/slow down around pedestrians , drive on the road and cars zoom past them at 35 mph with an inch to spare . 
  bike lanes are the only solution , and most places do n't have the funding/room to actually make them, 
  any mech deck , to be honest, 
  how do you remember peoples names ?!, 
  i only remember people with silly names , or like ` joe ' or something, 
   mana cost reduced by 1 for every spell you cast, 
  op for echo in wild, 
  happens whenever a soap does that . 
  corrie and eastenders do them too , good fun to watch . 
  they 've hired a load of new staff too iirc , former fa workers etc, 
  poor defending there . 
  did n't read the 1-2, 
  forever dreaming of the day we have someone who can take a set piece, 
  naughty, 
  it 's always moreno losing the ball and being caught way out of position, 
  think it 's far more stressful for you . 
  our chances of top four are really , really slim . 
  when 's the next time you lot will get this close to a title ? 
  you must be an alcoholic then, 
  well in phil, 
  still a great goal tho, 
  someone collapsed in the cinema i work at once , had to turn on the lights in the screen ofc . 
  someone complained . 
  sorry , but trying to give medical assistance to a collapsed teenager in the dark does n't sound like a good idea . 
  people are shits, 
  he 's not bad , he just does n't have a place really . 
  we have better players in his position . 
  had he tried to break through pre-2012ish , he may well have broken through . 
  definitely has it in him to be a first teamer for a good team . 
  he 'd be a star player for 99 % of teams in the world based off his form this year . 
  not since it 's been bought by kraft . 
  getting smaller , and butric acid-y, 
  well that 's not strictly true . 
  the teams are doing badly , but every time ( bar villa anyway ) has some shining light . 
  perez is a good player , krul , too ( though injured ) , janmaat . 
  i live near a jag factory , so i see loads of them constantly . 
  but since i live near it , i know they 're not rich , they just put screws into thousands of cars a day and get a discount, 
  and no one expects it . 
  you think it 's control warrior and you do n't need to taunt up on 25 health ... 
  ever tried djini pally ? 
  so many cheap buff spells , someone wrecked me on ladder with it the other day, 
  fucking new year 's eve . 
  i was in a dodgy little shithole of a pub ( friend knows the owner , * insisted * on it ) . 
  they had a dj on and all that . 
  there was n't just a family , but three or four who knew each other with thousands of kids . 
  this is a grimy , small pub , so they filled up about 40 % of the floor space . 
  the dj catered to them all night playing fucking meghan trainor and justin bieber , and these loud obnoxious kids were just getting in everyone 's way . 
  i thought there was a law stopping kids from being in pubs past 9 ?
