  good job that flag went up ey wayne . 
  should have took some from fellaini when they 're on the coach . 
  never seen hendo play so well at right back . 
  1pm for us every day . 
  we 've got a nice postie though , and it 's always been about 1pm-y time, 
  he 's like that guy on pro clubs who has a fit whenever he does n't get a pass . 
  the scouse one he done was more typical of the one around liverpool , south cheshire-way . 
  he 's gon na have a fucking huge garden . 
  well now i feel bad . 
  he 's gone to the wrong club then . 
  he 's not gon na play . 
  well , they all need to improve . 
  but lovren . 
  god that advert infuriates me . 
  everything about it . 
  even by bank standards , that advert is shocking . 
  yeah i know , but south cheshire , runcorn way sound like he did in the video , most people in liverpool sound different, 
  kruse has left now , has n't he ? 
  imagine he 'll be the starter , soon get back in form with hermann and raffael around him . 
  my problem is last year was our big chance to get top four again . 
  united was depleted , now they 're going to spunk hundreds of millions . 
  who else could we overtake ? 
  city and united are minted , arsenal always finish top four , it wo n't change until wenger leaves , and chelsea have mourinho . 
  we 're going to be fighting with spurs for fifth . 
  45 million and we 'll sell . 
  pretty sure of that . 
  was it a posh school ? 
  well apparently the next offer 's 40 mil and 5 in add-ons , so you 're not looking elsewhere . 
  wow , did n't know he played for st helens first . 
   i doubt hed go to liverpool given what has happened . 
  how 's jordan ibe not in the squad ? 
  well three are strikers . 
  playing wide left . 
  how he 's still employed is mad . 
  he was wide left when he first came on, 
   if you 're taking # 40m + for sterling and you 're spending # 32m on benteke , well i think you 're mad . 
  about sums it all up, 
  world cup 2014 twitter account claiming it , with a source that you 've not bothered to translate . 
  what could be wrong ? 
  fancy seeing you here . 
  you do n't have a beard . 
  you 're a phony !, 
  your friends sound like dicks . 
  it 's your car , do what the fuck you want , do n't always try to please your friends . 
  nando 's is over priced arse . 
  my first year 's insurance was # 1900 . 
  next year 's gon na be # 1200-ish for me . 
  sorry for inputting into the conversation . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  thank you . 
  it 's all on postcode , i live just outside merseyside , but because its cheshire they give me a discount . 
  also depends on car , got a 1.2 clio, 
  telegraph does n't bullshit unless it 's from the rumour section, 
  you should n't be downvoted . 
  they 're quoting the express . 
  yup, 
  if it 's paul joyce , it 's reliable, 
  normally the game can break when using modded extra leagues . 
  i remember someone done the lower 10 tiers of england , and whenever you 'd get promoted from div 9 or something , they 'd give you like 2 million to spend . 
  mike marsh ? 
  i think they might stay up . 
  they have enough to beat a lot of the lower league sides , and surprise a few teams away . 
  they 'll definitely get a few spankings though . 
  ritchie , whether they stay up , or not , will be under a lot of transfer speculation though . 
  laputa ( castle in the sky ) was always my absolute favourite . 
  pretty much . 
  only thing we can offer that united and city ca n't , is if he has a good relationship with coutinho . 
  from what i 've seen he 's more of a shadow striker , plays further forward than an am . 
  feels like last four years people have been saying he 's going to drop back permanently into centre mid, 
  sound, 
  yay . 
  now let 's hope no one swoops in whilst he 's still at the copa america, 
  upvotes for everyone, 
  not so bad news tony b anymore . 
  give over . 
  stop talking about europe as if it 's one entity . 
  it 's not . 
  i would n't call north america a racist shithole . 
  well , he 's not a striker . 
  my old man 's got his book . 
  will report back ( if i do n't forget ), 
  2007-2010 or so , he was beyond outstanding for us . 
  and we 'll hopefully have bacca too . 
  in an ideal world , it 'd be firminho behind bacca with coutinho supporting . 
   in an ideal world, 
  money , money , money . 
  well if they 're not going above 40 million , that wo n't happen, 
  we had our chance to get him under rafa . 
  he was the new simao in that he was constantly linked , and i regret us not getting him . 
  that week really cost us . 
  screwed against city , and then suarez should have had a pen against chelsea . 
  it 's also worth noting his goals/assists slipped last year , as the manager decided to be more defensive to help their defence . 
  yes . 
  trying to sign a liverpool fan eh ? 
  feel the same about / r/soccer and the colonies . 
  i think she 's decent . 
  better than some corrie actor getting it . 
  if ayre 's still out in south america possibly, 
  missed ones i regret ... ronaldo , simao , turan , falcao , laudrup , silva , aguero , villa , alves, 
  you not seen him play ?
