  it has been suggested that 19-year-old origi will cut short his season-long loan at lille and return to liverpool , costing the club # 4.7 million . 
  reports in the french media said an agreement between the two clubs included a clause allowing liverpool to take the belgium striker back in january if they needed him . 
  with daniel sturridge still unavailable through injury and mario ballotelli struggling to make an impact , the return of origi seemed a possibility for brendan rodgers ' side . 
  last month , the liverpool manager denied reports surrounding the striker 's early return , insisting origi 's season-long loan was a part of the deal struck in the summer to bring the belgium striker to merseyside . 
  but with liverpool slipping to 11th in the premier league , rumours have continued to grow around origi 's future . 
  the club have since confirmed the 19-year-old will be staying at lille until the end of the season . 
  moreno is worrying , but i 'd still rather him than johnson any day of the week . 
  both are lax in defence , but at least moreno can cross it . 
  say hello to boaz myhill and yannick sagbo !, 
  i was surprised how much i enjoyed out of the furnace . 
  story was n't amazing , but the acting took it so far i enjoyed it . 
  love me some casey affleck . 
  anyone who doubts you , should watch her . 
  my my , what a great performance . 
  why ? 
  plymouth are a good side to do it with . 
  youth catchment is huge , huge stadium , little competition in cornwall-way, 
  not a red card . 
  no way . 
  tbh , looking at the replay for that , the ref must have guessed who 's tackle was worse . 
  to be fair , he is a wanker . 
  did n't you get a favourable call last year in your win against chelsea . 
  i ca n't remember exactly , but i remember some incident of sorts . 
  real human bean and a real hero real human bean, 
  u wot m8, 
  [ he 's a cunt ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-hiskvizko ), 
  liverpool fan here , former season ticket holder . 
  what / u/brad11 said is right . 
  normally , you 'd be able to celebrate a bit if/when arsenal score , but with you being in the kop ... and on the front row ... it 'd be best to contain yourself . 
  have a bit of a chat with the lads around you , they probably wo n't be arsed . 
  i remember an evertonian sitting next to me in the derby once , but he was a nice guy , and did n't get any stick . 
  i 've seen my fair share of non-liverpool fans celebrate their teams ' goal , and it never ends well . 
  some chelsea fan got plastic bottled because he was a nob , and was n't just celebrating , but singing all of his plastic songs . 
  few napoli fans the other year were the worst , celebrating like mad , about four or five of them when they went 2-0 , luckily for them , no stewards were near . 
  but then we won 3-2 , and it was hilarious, 
  bollocks , it was # 15 in morrisons . 
  still thought it was a decent deal , mind . 
  87 % , bloody heck . 
  long kicks from the goalie are beyond pointless with sterling up top, 
  if coutinho had better decision making he 'd be world class . 
  still does n't seem real that we went from suarez and sturridge , to playing with no striker . 
  could easily be off for a second yellow there, 
  get in phil, 
  he 's been very inconsistent since he joined us . 
  i hope he does mature a bit , he is still young . 
  and he 's scored, 
  standard liverpool defending, 
  you ca n't blame him for that . 
  him , when he 's directly at fault . 
  there , it was skrtel , and lucas for not getting to the second ball . 
  flamini you cheeky fucker , should n't even be on the pitch . 
  rodgers does n't know how to use subs . 
  never has done, 
  thank fuck, 
  well , i guess i 'm kind of happy ? 
  not sure how to feel . 
  we should have won , if we had a striker we might have . 
  same . 
  he 's got great energy and work rate though . 
  bloody hell , sporting signed gauld ? 
  i keep watching him and thinking ` boy , we 're not going to sign . 
  it 'd make too much sense to ', 
  got to be the bit in fotr , too , where he says it 's going to be a night to remember ... 
  i believe beans in america are very different , so this would n't work with their beans . 
  i 've never had a donner kebab , just because i do n't like seeing the meat sit like that ... 
  i feel so sorry for him . 
  i know it 's not worked out , and i 'm not a brighton fan , so i do n't know exactly what 's gone wrong . 
  from my outsider pov , they lost most of their good players ( buckley , ulloa , bridcutt ) , and signed average players to replace them . 
  i was really hoping he 'd make it work at brighton . 
  love the guy . 
  we do n't want him as a manager , a coach . 
  as much of a cliche it is , if we do well in january window , we could challenge . 
  do n't think we 'll get there , though . 
  if cech were available , age is no issue . 
  simply put , he 's fantastic . 
  i 'd happily see us pay 10 million or something for him , because we know we can get years out of him . 
  would cost too much , and to be honest he 's not looked the same since his injury . 
  he 'll probably come good soon , but too big a risk . 
  i pick my mate up quite a bit , he lives on an awkward road , lots of cars parked on the front . 
  i found the first bit of open space , and waited for him . 
  some bmwanker came up my arse and beeped at me . 
  cheeky fucker . 
  turns out he i ` stole ' his spot . 
  it 's always fucking bmwankers . 
  my god , that 's a brave instructor/student , if what he said 's correct . 
  my old instructor told me it 's illegal to park on a public road like that . 
  not sure if that 's true or not . 
  seemed a bit untrue . 
  as in parking on a side path or whatever it 's called . 
  as a yank would say ` sidewalk ', 
  enner valencia is !, 
  that 's the word !, 
  i was bladdered to be fair . 
  fucking life of pi . 
  i went there before , my god i regretted it . 
  car park was full , drive-thru queue was out the bloody site . 
  was waiting for 30 minutes . 
  unfortunately i did n't think it through , just coming back from the barbers , thought i 'd have a sneaky maccies . 
  seen a few folks doing that though . 
  he 's decent on fm for a l2/1 side , as well .
