  half a red bull and i have rabbit shits and ca n't sleep for about 10 hours, 
  because it 's so common , it 's not considered something rare or delicate . 
  though , one of my friends drinks so much of it i think he has more than blood in his body, 
  i 'll take your word for it , but 9 minute video no taa, 
  according to qi , the spanish inquisition actually gave you a few weeks notice . 
  the office , archer ? 
  the story was awful . 
  i was amazed how quickly the pilot agreed to sacrifice himself . 
  i think wingers outside of chelsea are becoming extinct, 
  he 's obviously going to sign some players . 
  he also misses out on about 75 % of them . 
  500 days of summer . 
  well , if you sympathised with jgl 's character . 
  lamela and soldado ? 
  not that i 'm unhappy about us not signing them ... 
  like the kagawa one at the top comment, 
  loan . 
  he just signed for monaco , now theyre loaning him out, 
  surely means monaco will be buying another striker ? 
  sorta , but a lot of people do n't seem to get that from it, 
  whereas moses came with no real reputation for being selfish , and now he 's here ... 
  some things never change, 
  i have a few tickets still kicking , too . 
  none as good as yours though . 
  the inter milan 2-0 , the arsenal cl 4-2 one where babel scored , the chelsea 2008 semi final loss . 
  then a few other ones still , toulouse , besiktas 8-0 etc. 
  oh and when we lost to barnsley in the fa cup ... still have that one . 
  haunts my dreams . 
  he was great for us too , in his first season . 
  half volley against chelsea . 
  in case anybody was wondering why we have such a strong team out , this is almost our only team . 
  we must be the most predictable team in the league , we only have about 12 players who play . 
  bit annoyed alberto is n't playing . 
  spend 6 million on him , and he never plays . 
  that 6 million could have gone to someone else if we 're not going to use him . 
  never offside there luis !, 
  every time he 's touched it the ref 's given bournemouth a free kick !, 
  always knew moses was fantastic ... 
  fair play to him though , good finish that . 
  problem is with that , is then they wo n't be allowed to go on loan , or play in the reserves , and wo n't play in the first team . 
  training with the first team would be great , not as effective as if they went on loan, 
  they look sexy as fuck, 
  i think he 's doing well , he 's just getting no help whatsoever , he 's being constantly left with two men to mark . 
  that daniels fella 's attacking as they come, 
  ca n't recall wisdom anymore i think . 
  we agreed for him to go til the end of the season , and we get first choice on hughes, 
  so undeserved, 
  we have n't got many options to replace him with though, 
  scouse cafu 's back !, 
  to be honest i think i 'd prefer kelly to play , and flanno to get in ahead of cissokho, 
  if your team got relegated , you 'd still support your own team religiously . 
  you 'd pay attention to the leagues above still of course , but probably slightly less than when your team 's there . 
  in the uk at least , i 'm sure the tax on fags is more than the related cost on the nhs, 
  some characters would have it alright to be fair , but i agree with your sentiment . 
  a lot of the royalty in essos ' life would be fantastic, 
  i 'd rather be glenn , because lauren cohan . 
  that freeman fella 's going to cause problems all day, 
  loved the cinematography on it . 
  all the tracking shots about the fighting were beautiful, 
  some episodes are on the british one iirc . 
  it sort of pushes christian beliefs . 
  settle down , it does n't bother me whatsoever , whether it pushed atheist , catholic , or islamic beliefs . 
  i do like it , did n't say i did n't , but they definitely do push christian beliefs . 
  he does n't look like he should be a footballer , he looks so uncomfortable touching it , sort of like andy carroll, 
  as much as i think our transfer business and negotiations are a shambles , i do doubt it 's just a flat 11 million fee . 
  hahaha what a gullible cunt you are . 
  europe 's shafted too . 
  we still do n't have the tvi or whatever it 's called . 
  geordie shore is so trashy it 's entertaining . 
  sort of . . 
  i think it 's partly not his fault , since he 's spent almost every match out wide , when it 's so obviously not his position, 
  i prefer six feet under over both of them ^ ^ sorry, 
  love that show . 
  undeclared was good too, 
  same jacket he wears on the itchy and scratchy land episode . 
  never noticed that before, 
   apu , there are rumors that you are a hindu . 
  is this true ? 
   by the many arms of vishnu , i swear it is a lie . 
  this truly was the best vacation ever . 
  now let 's never talk about it again . 
  rory smith - '' #lfc definitely interest in saul niguez '', 
  no , they just do a transfer business round up . 
  they post shit links and credible ones , it 's a lucky dip, 
  liverpool echo is great for liverpool/everton news , but obviously only those two . 
  telegraph and the guardian are always reliable , rest of them have to come with a pinch of salt . 
  he was never a bad player here , he was just never good enough to start for us . 
  he 's not that bad . 
  [ scored against united ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnx0hunasxs ), 
  she 's nothing special , but compared to most of the mainstream female comedians , she 's like a god send . 
  brand . 
  aye , they 're normally slow to a lot of news , but it 's not like them to come out with this if it was bs . 
  he was on trial with us , southampton went for him and we decided not to . 
  at the time i wanted us to buy him , but after what happened i 'm much more content, 
  half life 2 and raging bull were both so boring . 
  ( well the reddit hivemind would find it detestable ), 
  cheshire here too , do n't know what dripping is either . 
  they 're trying to get osvaldo, 
  or virgin, 
  loads of variations on that .
