  scouse cafu . 
  scouse maldini, 
  because fuck midfielders . 
  and benches . 
  he already is . 
  flanno is love . 
  flanno is life . 
  1-1-8 , based off our recent conceding, 
  stevie ` leaps like a salmon ' gerrard . 
  proves he 's only motivated by money ... 
  no wonder he 's third choice , we 'd play agger/sakho at lb , after enrique than play him . 
  do n't need a pitchside commentator to find out suarez got things threw at him, 
  thank you . 
  so much , for danny . 
  what a fucking goal lad, 
  ` boy , that escalated quickly ', 
  jumped like a salmon, 
  bottled that one atkinson . 
  ya cunt, 
  same can be said for your defence . 
  sturridge keeps escaping alcaraz, 
  on fm that never seems to work for me . 
  hahahahah yes, 
  what is owen going on about ? 
  i swear he just talks and does n't think about it, 
  fuck , now even our bad players are getting injured . 
  thursday and sunday matches are such a pain , especially when some matches ko at 6pm, 
  he scored at the weekend , and it 's 4-0 . no need to keep a first choice 11 on, 
  agreed , the two of them seem to have a great partnership , and get along well , this was just two strikers wanting to score . 
  sure it was n't boos for sturridge coming off ? 
  to be honest i think gerrard will have let him take it . 
  4-0 , someone on their hattrick . 
  ah right , thought i did n't hear any boos , i was confused !, 
  you 're right though . 
  thanks lads , it was so loud i could hear the sangria song from home . #ynwa, 
  it would have been , but we 've dropped too many silly points to be title challengers really . 
  honestly he 's not normally been like that , he usually sets people up when they 're in better positions, 
  oh victor , just when we thought you 'd turned a page ... 
  how so ? 
  all the norwich defenders would be going straight to him, 
  you 've got your hands on a ` complicated ' player that 's for sure, 
  that goal seemed so easy , see this finishing 3-1 or so, 
  here they 're often 2 for # 1 in my asda . 
  one of those ` deals ' that seems to be on all year, 
  you butter believe it, 
  the main three are still the best , the rest taste like watered down versions of those original three, 
  i remember a really easy question where you just had to name pm 's , and only 60 people knew david cameron . 
  so glad i 've signed off now . 
  i never had to go to any of these , mind , but once when i had my ` coaching ' ( fuck that term ) , someone from oxford was sat next to me , and the ` coach ' was going on about the most tedious , absurd bullshit . 
  what you 're saying is andy carroll for captain ? 
  hope they put the newer seasons on netflix soon, 
  third choice behind fernandinho and toure i 'd imagine . 
  lloyd george had a ridiculously low score too . 
  like 13 or something daft like that, 
  can we send him tapes from our match last night , and spurs ' match tonight ? 
  feel sorry for her ... 
  willian 's quality , he 'd have been great . 
  i think we were both interested in lamela too , but as soon as we were quoted the # we did n't persue, 
  slowly, 
  started my new job !, 
  not regulated , but just have better , clearer warnings about sugar levels . 
  before fulham fans get excited , this bloke works for the dm and has n't clarified this tweet at all, 
  the article said they 're launching it in march, 
  poke them with a shiny thing, 
  i seen one of someone downing mouth wash ? 
  i 'm really confused, 
  my graviton sense is tingling, 
  he 's quoted someone who has about 300 followers on twitter . 
  just depends on how well , and quickly he adapts to the league . 
  hes worse than purslow , and that 's saying something , sincerely hope we sack the bastard, 
  they apparently did n't want to sell , which begs the question why did we wait so late and put all our eggs in one basket, 
  useless bastards , had a month and ran it to the last day and it turned out they did n't want to sell, 
  fair enough , get him to do them , and someone else to do transfers, 
  not really , but we 've had some awful injuries lately and done well despite them, 
  adore slc punk, 
  rip the several hundred greggs in newcastle tonight, 
  mirallas probably . 
  iirc he played there for olyimpiakos a few times, 
  win tomorrow , we go 9 points clear of them, 
  i do n't know whether to love him , or hate him . 
  he always seems to do well against the better teams , including us . 
  nearly gave me a heart attack when we played them, 
  and five clear of spurs , and 4 of everton, 
  when adam signed for us , he was called the ` scottish alonso ', 
  it 's not amazing , just entertaining . 
  not something you should take too seriously , or expect it to all make sense , but it is good, 
  i did n't enjoy the first season , and everyone said at the time season 2 was really good , i seen two episodes of ssn 2 and just did n't enjoy it . 
  i do n't get that show . 
  out of all of this thread , this is the most shocking . 
  honestly thought almost everyone has seen at least a couple of episodes . 
  if you want to watch the best bits , watch seasons 5-10 ish, 
  i do n't like soaps , but coronation street is possibly the least shit soap . 
  still do n't watch it, 
  big , big chance here to go 9 ahead of united , 5 on spurs , 4 on everton . 
  sincerely hope cou stays central again . 
  onside by about 2 inch, 
  he done that so often in portugal , too !, 
  i became so quickly sick of alan davies on qi after about the third or fourth series . 
  does n't seem like he wants to be there anymore . 
  well we fucked that up .
