  six years ago . 
  we 're going back to history now . 
  for argument 's sake , allen 's injured , played well last season when fit , too . 
  aspas is injured , been here not three/four months . 
  borini was injured , and we 've loaned him out , he 's not wrote off yet . 
  kacaniklic was done by hodgson . 
  and moses will probably leave at the end of the season . 
  yeah , that 's why he 'll end up leaving soon, 
  nate from six feet under , or ope from sons of anarchy . 
  yeah , i hope it is , too . 
  could n't we just look at the cast listings for the episode ? 
  `` brenda , why do you have my name tattooed on your ass ? '', 
  binary domain never got the hype i thought it deserved . 
  after i finished it , i asked friends about it , none had even heard of it . 
  it came out same day as mass effect 3 and boy did that make it suffer . 
  which is such a shame , it 's an absolute masterpiece . 
  asos , boohoo , burtons , next . . erm . . 
  iirc grrm is directing the second episode ? 
  if so , that could be it . 
  i 'm sure he 'd love to be the one directing that . 
  either that or ep 3 i 'd imagine . 
  really ? 
  maybe where you 're from , but in the uk this was pretty huge . 
  oh yeah , the film that has an 8.0 on imdb , and grossed about 120 million dollars ? 
  that counts as not getting enough credit ? 
  people get so pissy so often over the smallest things . 
  that and how one person will say something , everyone 'll get on board with it and anyone who disagrees will be destroyed . 
  currently , anyone who criticises anything about arsenal will be downvoted . 
  anyone criticising united will be upvoted . 
  so basically typical reddit , and typical people . 
  doubt it 'll be relevant by the end . 
  it was n't just liverpool fans to be fair , iirc arsenal were trying to sign him too . 
  oh the description of her nipples was wonderful . 
  i moved to newcastle for uni , they do n't sell meat and potato pies , in any of the five greggs i 've been in . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  they sell mince pies which are just poor substitutes . 
  the one with the asha pseudo rapey scene was great, 
  blackfish is alive and kicking as much arse as usual , ca n't wait to see where he 'll end up in the next book . 
  pod 's still kicking it , just about , too . 
  and the bwb are still doing okay , starks still alive just about , so that 's good . 
  jojeen and meera , too . 
  to be honest , it sound more like he 's from belarus than russia . 
  i was really pumped for the movie after reading the book , and all the reviews for it , but i thought the film was a pretty big let down to be honest . 
  in the book it was more like he 's trying to survive , battling his emotions , thinking of what to do , the movie did n't have that, 
  clearly it 's an epidemic problem then . 
  love soa . 
  most people moan about how the quality 's gotten worse , but the only bits i 've not liked are the stuff when they were in ireland, 
  carroll is going to be great , and suarez would flop . 
  yup . 
  cheshire here , he 's very well known . 
  i sincerely hope the only ones who are heckled are the ones who turn up late consistently , or not just missing five minutes but most of it . 
  as long as they 're not disrupting the whole hall , i do n't see a problem being late . 
  it 's their money they 're wasting afterall . 
  i disagree , it took him two , three years to really hit his top form . 
  07-09 was when he peaked in my opinion . 
  edit - du du dududu du , own goallll, 
  edit - squirtleee, 
  he might have , but i 'd still say he peaked in ' 07/08, 
  until they fire moffat , i 'll watch it , i just wo n't be able to enjoy it, 
  or the five year gaps between books . 
  vertonghen is a full back . 
  vidic is past it ( still very good , but too old and too injury prone to be considered ) , hummels is really not that great , i 'd prefer subotic over him any day . 
  dead link, 
  sansa would be all about one direction and bieber . 
  d.edd would love his radiohead, 
  nah we 're good thanks, 
  unless you absolutely need to , or you 're very close to the aisle . 
  warms up sat down though , when you 've got a 300 lb randomer sat next to you it 's like being in ghana, 
  american beauty . 
  i have you on [ -1 ] apparently, 
  unfortunately , on / r/teenagers yes, 
  i like history channel . 
  it 's not exactly high brow stuff , but a lot of the shows there are entertaining . 
  i 'd go on fifa , and search for all players with speed of 85 + and sign the cheapest possible ones, 
  flanno played quite well . 
  no attacking threat , but i thought he had a decent game, 
  con ; we ca n't score in the second half, 
  pro ; we can score in the first half , usually we run riot , too . 
  i get that , but all considering he done well . 
  not his fault he was asked to play in a 5-3-2 , but considering he was thrown in he done quite well . 
  rum and coke is probably my favourite . 
  any decent beer too . 
  ( not fosters/carling/carlsberg / budweiser ), 
  we do n't have that type of culture over here , fortunately . 
  sure , she 'll probably sue , but the whole lawyers advertised on billboards and on tele telling you to sue because someone done something small does n't really happen . 
  i 'm english . 
  of course i drink . 
  though i 'm legal now , my local pub served me from age 16 . 
  i 'd drank before then , my parents are chill about it . 
  smoked fags before , still do occasionally when i 'm really drunk , and i 've smoked cannabis plenty though not for about 6 month, 
  * rule britannia ... *, 
  just throwing it out there , that the khal 's would have a fun time attacking them . 
  without their castles , the westerosi would be a lot less safe from those mad fuckers . 
  best way to do it . 
  canada has some great films none of the others do . 
  managed to watch children of men on it last night, 
  belongs in / r/gameofthrones surely ? 
  lot of shouts for tyrion here . 
  personally i think he 's almost certainly going to die , and to be honest i do n't think it 'd bother me too much . 
  he 's really not as nice as most people think him to be .
