it 's gotten better since the soviet union . 
  well no , obviously not necessarily . 
  you think that in this case the rise of far right groups has no correlation with the rise of ( for want of a better word ) the enemy of said far right groups ? 
  this is n't rocket science . 
  well yeh lol that 's the backlash/response to the trend of government promoted immigration that 's been going on the last 25 years . 
  keep up . 
  because the eu is becoming more dominated by socialist leaning governments . 
  almost 100 % of immigrants and their children will vote in favour of socialist government . 
  where do you live ? 
  tought shit guys , should have worked harder/been more responsible with your money . 
  tough shit people . 
  facts . 
  they should do away with it . 
  should n't people be saving for their own pensions ? 
  it 's pretty obvious at this point you 're going to be fucked if you do n't . 
  the state pension for me is just a non-entity . 
  every wife in saudi arabia is a slave . 
  i think that 's the idea of the meme bro . 
  i already have . 
  this thread is about vocals languages . 
  as an english speaker surely chinese or maybe arabic would be the most useful to learn ? 
  maybe i 'm just thinking in terms of career whereas most people are probably thinking about using the language for travel . 
  the only school near me that does german is a language school . 
  all the rest are french/spanish . 
  it 's more xenophobia than racism for the most part . 
  explain to me why it 's necessary . 
  as if there is a need for black lives matter in america anyway , there 's not . 
   alas , the police has shown its limits . 
  they 've alienated the muslim populations , they 've asked to hack into phones , they 've shown their complete inability to cooperate with each other ... obviously muslims get alienated somewhat , as all minority groups do . 
  they do n't do themselves any favours though . 
  i see a lot of leftist people embracing and apologising for islam . 
  it 's almost impossible to criticise islam in mainstream media . 
  exceptions are constantly made for islamic people and the sensibilities of their cultures are largely respected , at least on the surface . 
  what i see is little to no intention or desire from muslim communities to be integrated into western culture . 
  that does n't seem to be something that the majority of muslim people want . 
  they have n't really asked to hack into phones , that 's been legislated over us by our government . 
  i was never asked anyway . 
   you should be asking your government to pursue the avenue which pays off : following the money . 
  i think they 're aware of how the money flows , it 's the general public who are n't . 
  if people were more aware or capable of understanding the layers of bs involved in middle eastern politics then they would be more inclined to put pressure on the government to change things . 
  i 'm not really concerned about ` policing ' . 
  i 'll leave that to the police . 
  deep rooted cultural change is what needs to happen to solve this issue and yes that generally comes from the citizenry . 
  it 's not something you can legislate . 
   being taken seriously is something else , though . 
  i do n't think i 'm the one in the minority . 
  i think the majority of people are concerned and taking this issue seriously , at least where i live . 
  no i ca n't do anything about any of those things . 
  can i at least talk about the issue as if it is an issue though ? 
  apparently i have to just accept it and keep my mouth shut because i ca n't do anything to affect it anyway . 
   `` the full cooperation of the muslim community '' is a way to shift the burden of policing onto the citizenry . 
  if you want something done right ... 
  well i 'm against islam as i 'm against all other religions so the spread of extreme religion in my moderate , mostly atheistic country is making me feel uncomfortable yes . 
  i do n't like it but i believe in freedom of religion at the end of the day . 
  to be honest you could completely remove the terrorist attacks from islam and i 'd still be almost as concerned . 
  i 'm not worried about being killed in a terrorist attack . 
  if i believe something is going to affect my life then i am going to be concerned about it . 
  i 'm going to monitor and follow the situation . 
  i am interested in the issue . 
  it concerns me . 
  it relates to my life . 
  i ca n't do anything about most things that happen in the world . 
  i do n't just sit there saying `` who cares ? 
  i ca n't do anything about it anyway , what will be will be '' . 
  that 's an almost autistic attitude to have about things . 
  if everyone had that attitude the world would be fucked . 
  discussion is important . 
  it might not be doing a lot but in some way us having this conversation is consequential . 
  i 'm not sitting around in my house under constant fear of islam , i 'm just recognising and commenting on what i feel to be a genuine issue . 
  what i do n't understand is why you 're here arguing about it if it 's not an issue that you care about ? 
  no , not always . 
  yes that 's likely the situation but you ca n't just assume a terrorist attack every time you hear of a violent crime . 
  that 's not an intelligent way to live your life . 
  what ? 
  leave was winning most of the polls pretty much in the entire month leading up to referendum . 
  even after the referendum leave is still winning the polls . 
  me personally ? 
  very little . 
  i do n't know how to ` deal with it ' . 
  it 's a complex and nuanced issue . 
  a very poor way of dealing with it is to say it 's a non-issue which is solely perpetuated by the media and that anyone who thinks it 's an issue has been manipulated and brainwashed . 
  in my opinion the only way to deal with it is to reduce radicalisation . 
  we need to identify why and how young muslims are being radicalised and introduce measures to try and stop it . 
  we need the total support and co-operation of the muslim community to do this which unfortunately we are far from getting . 
  in a country that has less than 100 murders a year it would take that figure rising to 5,200 before you realised shit was hitting the fan and decided to move ? 
  scotland would have one of the highest if not the highest murder rate in the world before you even got to that point . 
  here 's a better idea - try and deal with issues like this before they grow out of control . . or just sit around saying there 's nothing to worry about , up to you . 
  hmm they do wish to be part of the eu but not at the expense of leaving the uk . 
  recent post-brexit polls still show that scotland would rather stay in the uk even if it means leaving the eu . 
  i mean they 're welcome to leave the uk but the evidence that they will be worse off if they do is even more clear than it was that the uk would be worse off ( at least immediately ) by leaving the eu . 
  i 'm fully aware that the chances of being killed in a terrorist attack are extremely low . 
  that does n't mean it 's not a huge problem and a cause for concern . 
  people are more worried about the general spread of islam and the fact that things like this are happening more and more . 
  it 's the trend that is worrying . 
  if we start having attacks every week in major eu countries would you still be sitting there and saying there is nothing to worry about ? 
  at what point would you become worried , sir ? 
  the spread of an ideology which is antithetical to my way of life and beliefs is a concern to me . 
  the fact that most muslims think i should be punished for my beliefs is a concern to me . 
  the fact that the spread of islam where i live does n't seem to be slowing down , quite the opposite , is a concern to me . 
  why ?
