  there is no information available to say it 's a terrorist attack yet . 
   also it 's just anecdotal , but i heard about more violent crime back then , too . 
  it 's not anecdotal . 
  violent crime has been slowly decreasing for like 3 decades . 
  i 'd put it at around 70 % chance . 
  i 'll take 4/1 on it not being a terroist attack if you 're offering ? 
  for a start do n't import millions of muslims into europe just to have them live in segregated communties where they are even more prone to radicalisation . 
  we 're having this issue with the islamic community while simultaneously importing muslims by the truck load , makes no sense whatsoever . 
  so terrorism has largely decreased since the early 90 's and in the last 2 years has started to massively increase again and you see this as no problem ? 
  just because we had issues with something before does n't mean it 's a non-issue now , that 's an absurd way of looking at things . 
  it 's far better to live in eu now then it was 150 years ago or any other point in history where there were much bigger issues to deal with , does that mean our isssues of today become irrelevant ? 
  the fact is over the last 2 years there has been an huge increase in terrorist attacks and if the trend continues that graph is going to me mirrored on the opposite end . 
  how are we being manipulated ? 
  the stats that show a massive increase in terrorist attacks in europe over the last 2 years ? 
  i personally disagree . 
  i think we 're policed absolutely fine without armed police . 
  i would n't want to have our police armed , at least at the moment . 
  what were you expecting ? 
  it 's not exactly a tourist attraction it 's just a small area compromised of rich people . 
  well according to the op the girl was real . 
  facts . 
  he could of probably had a walk around and found a girlfriend or at least a prostitute in 10 days . 
  many people do n't like islam and in particular the parts of islamic doctrine that force women to wear certain things and act in certain ways . 
  but if an adult genuinely believes in that and wants to practice it then i ca n't see why there is anything to get mad over . 
  i mean i think it 's stupid but beyond that , who cares ? 
  why did n't this process start before the new spate of terrorist attacks ? 
  am i to assume that there are radical islamic mosques in my country that the government know about and are doing nothing to shut down because they are under no current pressure to do so ? 
  because it 's not the person that gets elected that just decides what happens . 
  the decision gets taken through a long bureaucratic process with many people involved - most of which were never elected by anyone . 
  ( depending on where you live , of course ), 
  if brexit has shown me anything it 's that a referendum on ttip would be absolutely pointlesss . 
  at least where i live we 're not guaranteed the right to express any opinion freely though ... 
  i thought most of western eu was the same . 
  obviously some are . 
  he means they are a regular occurrence . 
  i 'm not sure if this statement is pro muslim or pro kebabs . 
  i 'm against both . 
  there , nice and easy . 
  you do n't have to tie islam to communism to show how dangerous islam is . 
  it 's terrible on it 's own . 
  just look at literally 99 % of islamic countries . 
  why would anyone want to live like that ? 
  you think parents should be able to force there babies to have nose reduction surgery ? 
  what ? 
  lol . . 
  these are decisions that are made as an adult , not to be made for you . 
  david cameron should get the most criticism of anyone , like you say he called the referendum for his benefit but it just backfired tragically . 
  your standards are unreasonably high . 
  eat the garbage bro it 's delicious . 
  maybe you 're not drunk enough ? 
  i think you 're missing the point . 
  so you 're saying brexit could have happened without ukip creating the huge surge in demand for it ? 
  i 'm usually drunk so none of that matters . 
  in both scenarios brexit would n't happen . 
   if ukip did n't encourage the referendum , brexit would n't have happened  if the tories did n't lead the campaign , brexit would n't have happened see how that works ? 
  amazing . 
  it 's almost as if a huge series of events and influences have to come together to make something major happen . 
  your opinion . 
  literally the majority of people would disagree . 
  it 's hard to make a kebab that is n't delicious tbf . 
  cameron would n't have called the referendum if it was n't for farage 's ukip surge causing demand for it . 
  that 's facts . 
  you ca n't have been following the political landscape very closely if you ca n't see that . 
  why not just say you were n't voting ? 
  how is russia a superpower ? 
  why not just let them go and not let them come back ? 
  we should pay their travel fees . 
  that does n't answer my question . 
  i 'm aware of russia 's agenda and intentions . 
   i think you are missing the point . 
  but first of all , the other side isn \u00b4 t just trump , it \u00b4 s all of the republicans . 
  i disagree . 
  traditional republicans were/are far more anti-russia than trump . 
  if ted cruz was running how would that benefit russia ? 
   secondly , why would a hostile country release information about corrupt politicians when it doesn \u00b4 t serve their purpose ? 
  they would n't . 
   not to help the american public , but to help themselves . 
  russia will always act in self-interest . 
  well obviously but that does n't change the fact that lots of people value knowing the truth about those emails . 
   think this one trough . 
  if foreign countries will expose only a part of the corrupt politicians and not expose the somewhat friendly to them corrupt politicians , corruption will only become much worse . 
  i 'm saying i hope more corruption gets exposed - through any means , not specifically russia . 
   by the way do you realize how much of a corrupt state russia is ? 
  do you know what a oligarchy is ? 
  why would you ever trust such a country , when they will never ever act in your interests ? 
  why do you think that i trust russia ? 
   it is not a good thing and it will never be a good thing . 
  i agree with this statement in the comment you 're replying to . 
   when you only expose one side of corruption you give the other side a free pass , in other words , you open up the stage for worse corruption . 
  much better if both sides are exposed , which did n't happen , again , why ? 
  to be fair what could you really expose about donald trump ? 
  there is enough scandal already out there already . 
  he has n't previously been involved in politics so there is no political corruption to expose . 
  he even alluded to using corrupt politicians as a businessman early on in his campaign so even if something like that was exposed i do n't think any of his supporters would have cared . 
  the intentions and agenda of russia are bad and hacking and releasing an email is bad but the latter is nowhere near as important to me as exposing the corruption within our government . 
  you say it 's much better if both sides are exposed ? 
  well let 's hope things like this keep happening then . 
  maybe , just maybe people will start to be less corrupt if it becomes much harder to hide . 
   not when they only support one side , a side that is obviously detrimental to world politics and more specfically the european continent/eu stability . 
  we 'll just have to disagree here .
