i know many europeans who would not hesitate to move to the usa if they could . 
  holy shit i feel humbled . 
  in our defense britain/u . k. / england/london gets confusing . 
  p i g s o t r p r a e a t l e i u y c n g e a l, 
  merkel has actually been in american news more this year than obama . 
  that 's kinda impressive really . 
  boats like the titanic were literally giant cruise ships for immigrants . 
  america was the absolute destination for people wanting to start fresh . 
  the channel feels a little wider today . 
  ... is that not how you 're suppose to castrate people ? 
  in other news the black plague returns in europe . 
  parents claim `` at least it 's not autism '' . 
  kingdom of germany kingdom of norway kingdom of italy r u s s i a, 
  i meant from a tourist standpoint . 
  the florida everglades , great lakes , nevada deserts , colorado/yukon canyonlands , california yosemite , dakota yellowstone , and all of alaska and hawaii . 
  those are all very different experiences . 
  and yes i 'm not talking about culture . 
  individual european streets probably have more history behind them than moat states do . 
  there are 2 types of american to europe tourists : 1 . 
  the cultural . 
  backpacking across europe falls into this . 
  these are people who understand differences in european cultures and travels europe . 
  in this regard europe is very special and a huge bartering chip europe has as a tourist destination . 
  i 'd say this makes europe one of the world 's greatest tourist destination . 
  sadly these people are a minority of tourists . 
  the visitor . 
  one country . 
  i had a symphony band director who talked about his 3 month trip to europe . 
  i asked him what countries did he go to which he responded with `` the netherlands '' . 
  he has no family there , and he has a wife so he would n't have been spending all that time in amsterdam . 
  that 's it . 
  he managed to spend 3 months in a relatively smaller country . 
  an uncle of mine went to italy to see rome . 
  then after seeing rome he left . 
  2 years later he came to paris . 
  then after paris he left . 
  this is the issue . 
  what counts as aid then ? 
  if you count `` aid '' provided by the us to `` member states '' of the us would it be more ? 
  i 'm not trying to talk down europe doing good things , but what are you considering aid ? 
  if money from the eu goes to investing in new polish infrastructure then i would consider federal infrastructure tax as aid as well . 
  i guess i just do n't view members of the eu as foreign nations to the eu . 
  americans do n't think of european countries as states . 
  yes , someone from florida * is * a floridian , but being floridian is basically meaningless . 
  they 're just americans . 
  i could move there and then i would be floridian . 
  if you put a visa on residents in my home state but not another , i would get angry . 
  yes i 'm a michigander , but that 's meaningless ; i 'm an american first . 
  but most americans do n't see the eu as a federal body at all . 
  where an american would say `` why should france be angry about what restrictions we put on poland ; they 're not french ? 
  '' , a french person might respond `` we 're all eu citizens and should all be treated as such '' . 
  this is , imo , the issue of today . 
  you all are europeans . 
  you all have castles , funny sounding languages , and funny sounding food . 
  there 's obviously a lot more to it than that if you dig deeper ( which most americans do n't do ) , but you all are alike on the surface . 
  but then there is an inherent difference . 
  it might just be an american feeling , but a more federal europe feels ... wrong . 
  it 's like if canada offered to join the union . 
  we both speak english , eat similar foods , and have a lot in common . 
  but they somehow are different . 
  they 're canadians . 
  i think this is the roots of the relatively sudden `` populist movement '' . 
  an argument between how sovereign a nation should be . 
  for example britain will most likely lose many economic opportunities and their benefits they had in the eu . 
  but i do n't really think of them as europeans anymore . 
  they 're british . 
  but i do n't really think of austrians as austrian . 
  they 're just european . 
  i 'm not going to say who i think is right , but both sides do have a good argument in this . 
  tl ; dr you 're all europeans , but there is * something * different between you all . 
  well here 's the thing . 
  there * is * no where else in the world like europe . 
  other places in the world are similar , but the living , breathing culture of europe is impossible to recreate . 
  the only place in the world to view europe is europe . 
  there is nowhere else in the world like china either . 
  no one else has the deep history of the chinese dynasties than china . 
  nowhere else in the world is like egypt , desert pyramids are a rarity . 
  nowhere else is like mexico , or australia , or south africa , india , peru , or even the us . 
  different parts of the us are like different countries at times . 
  yes , europe is unique . 
  but in a world of uniqueness unique becomes mundane . 
  the problem is * no one * in the us looks at the eu like that . 
  most americans view france being about as different to germany as they are different to egypt . 
  the eu is just `` the thing that makes all europeans use the same money '' . 
  i could see this as having an effect on a * very * small group of americans . 
  most americans can and will go their entire lives without wanting to go to europe . 
  those americans who do want to go look at traveling to europe like going on a cruise . 
  if it is harder to go to europe then they will simply go somewhere else and have a very similar experience : look at old stuff , eat weird food , laugh at the silly foreigners , and go home . 
  well then there we go . 
  thanks for this !, 
  my only problem with gay marriage is adoption , and even that i am absolutely willing to concede on . 
  gay adoption is sort of a new frontier . 
  having 2 moms or 2 dads might mess a kid up big time , or it could be absolutely no issue . 
  we really just do n't have a definitive answer yet . 
  i think we should do a long term experiment of sorts where a select studygroup adopts kids and we see how it goes . 
  if all the kids , say , end up super depressed , then we should be glad it is only the small group and not thousands of people . 
  if all the kids are absolutely normal , then i 'm sorry to all those who were blocked from adoption , but now at least future generations have scientifically proven facts to allow themselves to adopt . 
  there 's a difference between homophobia and hate though . 
  if i do n't agree with you on gay marriage out of fear but do nothing to stop you getting married then i am a homophobe , but there is no hate . 
  `` it did n't happen but i want another ! '',
