it 's not super beautiful in the traditional sense . 
  but in the cultural , social and lifestyle sense berlin is amazing . 
  there is a feeling of freedom in the city that i have never encountered before . 
  i stayed in a communally owned house where old hippies , single mothers , punks , working class people and liberal bourgeoisie came to live together . 
  i remember one birthday party that slowly turned into goa , increase from 10 to 50 people , transferred into bar hopping and ended in an electronic music club . 
  that 's why i love that german city . 
  also flea markets , cheap trains , cheap food , cheap apartments and the massive number of freaks . 
  no , the rational action is not to deny one 's human nature . 
  there 's nothing wrong with `` emotional '' and it 's not selfish either . 
  i do n't have anything against adoption , i just wish to have that very intimate experience of sharing descendency with a child of yours . 
  i also consider adoption but more for a later child . 
  it does n't make the adopted child any less precious , the only thing it means is that i would like to have that experience of being a direct parent first . 
  it 's such a crazy idea , we 've been doing it for thousands of years . 
  i 'm actually neither rich nor doing surrogacy at the moment . 
  i already wrote in another post to you that she ca n't `` give up '' her motherhood anyway . 
  even if she wanted to . 
  the only thing that she can do is give up custody . 
  my physical limitation is that i ca n't bear children . 
  i can only produce sperm . 
  i do n't mean it in a negative way but it is a limitation in my case because it means i ca n't have children with the person i love . 
  i personally do n't pay anyway because i 'm not having a surrogacy right now and my idea is to ask a female family member of my boyfriend 's . 
  nowhere did i say that i want the child rights to be taken away from the surrogate mother . 
  she can of course give up custody rights but that 's it . 
  parental rights go further than custody . 
  of course they include being able to see and have contact with your child if you wish to . 
  it 's the convention in academia to date the founding of the eu to the founding of it 's first proper predecessor . 
  some people think this applies to the ecsc ( coal and steel community ) . 
  others date the `` real '' founding to the treaty of rome that introduced the core aspects that are still at the eu 's core today . 
  like the economic union and the institutional organisation . 
  this is completely normal . 
  companies are n't dated to the establishment of their name either but the establishment of the company . 
  the phone provider orange used to be called france t\u00e9l\u00e9com . 
  it was founded 1988 and took the orange brand for itself in 2006 from its uk child company . 
  that does n't mean the company was founded in 2006 . 
  it 's used in french , english , german , spanish and italian . 
  those are the 5 biggest eu languages right there . 
  also brussels is nice . 
  you should visit it . 
  http://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/padri_fondatori_dell'unione_europea http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/p\u00e8res_de_l'europe i 'll spare us the other links . 
  it is my opinion that they fought germany because of historical circumstances not deep enmity or rivalry . 
  ww2 is closely connected to ww1 and ww1 was not deterministically bound to happen but merely the product of circumstantial events . 
  it 's a basic human right not to be able to choose whom you become pregnant from ? 
  are you high ? 
  the child is n't bought either . 
  it 's your own child . 
  that 's the whole point of surrogacy . 
  direct descendancy . 
  i do n't buy a child , i pay another person to help me conceive my own . 
  it must be nice judging other people for their physical limitations even though it has zero effect on you . 
  good for you that you disagree morally with surrogacy , but your disagreement means that i ca n't have a child . 
  if it has no effect on you and does n't harm others either maybe you should try to be a little tolerant . 
  did you by any chance protest against mariage pour tous too ? 
  you ca n't really . 
  spain is one of the largest net receivers of eu money . 
  i have a domicile in spain . 
  they have been trying to build a piece of motorway there for years now . 
  still not finished , costs are up to 50 million or something ridiculous like that for the length of the track . 
  they get partial eu funding , the money disappears , the road is never finished , the eu stops the flow of money because of a lack of construction success and spain has another dead construction project . 
  that 's what 's wrong in espa\u00f1a . 
  incredible corruption , stupid regulations and you ca n't rely on the law . 
  most things work through personal connections . 
  the state is not seen as an instrument of social solidarity but a cow that should be milked as much as possible . 
  took me a while to realise what they meant when they said `` our airport is the most environmental airport in the world '' . 
  good job dehumanising joseph daul based on his physical appearance and making fun of the nation of france . 
  you did not argue against a single of the points he made . 
  all you did was insult . 
  as far as i understood he only said that bulgarian politics were strongly polarised and not totally mature yet as a democracy . 
  it 's a bit of a silly point but definitely not worth your dumb attack . 
  the us is not a historical enemy of germany . 
  there was massive german emigration to america and resulting a very large amount of cultural and political exchange . 
  you will probably find german culture influenced america at least as strong as french culture . 
  if not stronger . 
  another hint supporting my argument is the behaviour of the american government towards germany after ww1 and ww2 . 
  compare clemenceau 's to president wilson 's attitude and you will see that while we wanted to fuck germany over really badly after the war the americans tried to moderate a more mild peace treaty . 
  it goes to show that while france and germany actually * were * historical enemies america and germany were not . 
  that 's why french-german reconciliation after ww2 and the creation of the eu are , in my opinion , great historical achievements . 
   surrogacy is also occasionally about having someone else go through the pregnancy . 
  because you are wealthy and ca n't be bothered , but still want genetic descendants of yourself . 
  i 'm homosexual so it 's a bit difficult for me to have children with a girl . 
  should i not be allowed to have children myself with surrogacy help ? 
  this has nothing to do with narcissism . 
  i did n't choose to be gay but i have the same wish for children that most heterosexual people have too . 
  i do n't understand how the wish for genetic descendants can be considered selfish . 
  it 's a strong aspect of the emotional bond between parents and children . 
  i think adopting is great and i do n't rule it out for myself , but in my opinion it should n't be forced . 
  having direct descendants is an acceptable wish . 
  not everyone of us is able to produce children the normal way . 
  i think it 's kinda selfish of you to ignore the vast majority of people who also have their own children instead of adopting and then attack those that ca n't have any the traditional way . 
  either adopting should be encouraged on the whole or you 're just discriminating those that need a bit of help to have children . 
  because it 's a very human desire to have genetically-related offspring ? 
  the thought of looking your child in the eyes and have them look somewhat like you is very powerful . 
  you may find that primitive but i do n't . 
  southern europe is fucked because of years ( in some cases decades ) of bad government . 
  high unemployment is a traditional spanish problem and low economic flexibility a traditional french problem . 
  maybe we should tackle the problem instead of relying on inflation and debt to cover it up . 
  i 've met a few irishmen in berlin curiously . 
  many come to germany through work exchanges or something like that . 
  flights are apparently paid . 
  budget control is n't a key area it was just introduced like 2 years ago . 
  the uk has a historically-caused euro opt-out , fine .
