  schengen is n't a requirement . 
  those are all very important to the eu but not at its core . 
  the core is the four freedoms including freedom of movement . 
  because it 's not a free trade area it 's a political union and has always been . 
  ever since the 1950s . 
  this happens more in countries with `` winner takes it all '' systems . 
  governments are more polarised and do n't have to make as many compromises . 
  sharp policy turns are more likely in the uk because of that . 
  it 's a fair point . 
  what the uk needs is a national compromise on the eu . 
  the main parties should come to a deal and then follow the resulting long-term strategy . 
  other countries do this . 
  the 3 % rule is nothing close to a core value of the eu . 
  it was initially broken 11-12 years ago . 
  you 're still comparing that to what the uk government wants today : abolishing or severely limiting the core principle of the eu . 
  freedom of movement . 
  i believe it 's called `` banter '' . 
  [ i think this is what you meant . 
  they 're not technocrats . 
  they 're the politicians that we , the people , chose to lead us . 
  or you know ... follow the rules that everyone agreed to, 
  is it actually ? 
  i like turks quite a lot ( have fucked a few too if you 're interested ... ) but what exactly are you criticising us for ? 
  we liked erdogan when he was behaving democratically . 
  now that he 's behaving like an authoritarian arsehole we condemn him . 
  is n't that exactly what one is supposed to do ? 
  exactly !, 
  we accept all the other functional southern democracies even though they 're not economically sound ( nor growing ) . 
  political giants like italy or greece !, 
  cannabis is the new wine !, 
  oh i did n't see that , too bad . 
  it should n't be . 
  i 'm sorry , just cause your nation has historical beef with an ethnic group you ca n't just deny them aid against a terrible evil . 
  isis is that evil . 
  turkey lets isis fighters pass but not kurdish fighters . 
  because one side is the literal evil and the other side is a bunch of people defending themselves against that evil . 
  but you forget that turkey does let weapons and people into the war zone . 
  just not the kurds , only isis fighters . 
  i would n't mind it in germany or italy , i would just prefer it to be with us !, 
  the eu does n't even demand anything . 
  it merely collects the taxes according to the rules that the member states agreed on . 
  this is a laughable story . 
  your comment has no connection to what i said though . 
  because one is completely abstract and the other is a clear discrimination of real people . 
  is it yourself ? 
  do many icelanders play eve online ? 
  did it ? 
  there certainly is an argument to be made that german unification under leadership different than prussia would have been historically preferable . 
  sweden should employ the * systembolaget plan * . 
  advertise the swedish alcohol prices in russia and you 'll scare them off . 
  and now vietnam is your friend again because having china as a neighbour is n't that pleasant either . 
  those two are on a completely different level . 
  the situation clearly calls for a grand diplomatic move by the turkish government . 
  this is the ideal situation for erdogan to make peace with the kurds . 
  and i do n't mean saying to the kurds `` we let you pass , you give up all your demands '' but compromise . 
  something erdogan seems unable to do . 
  maybe that is perceived as strength in turkey , but it is not strength . 
  it 's pure weakness and in my opinion immoral as well . 
  the hollanders like to make fun of belgium because of their complicated and fucked up politics . 
  if you ask me nederland is quite a ridiculous ( ly cute ) country too . 
  but what do i know . 
  unification from the ruling class after a won war ( against us btw :p ) instead of from below ( by the people ) is one of the unfortunate events in german history . 
  i would n't take that as a model to copy . 
  done with what ? 
  the israelis ? 
  or jews in general ? 
  i do n't think that 's a good response to that idiotic twitter account . 
  i would n't even warrant it with a response at all . 
  stupid is all it is . 
  views are irrelevant . 
  the treaties are clear . 
  david cameron can try to introduce treaty reform of course . 
  have fun !, 
  the kurds do n't want turkey to intervene . 
  they want turkey to give the kurds logistical assistance . 
  or in simpler terms : let us pass your border fucktards !, 
  soviet union does n't deserve the term socialism . 
  get up and stand up , pussy !, 
  :p * that is not the french flag !, 
  no it was correct german intelligence . 
  you and the americans just chose to ignore the part where the germans said `` he ca n't be trusted '' . 
  what is selling ethnicism ? 
  is this good or bad ? 
  in no country have i heard about a government sending country-wide propaganda text messages for example . 
  i 'm homo and i 'd rather be in the american south than in russia . 
  financially it 's the same or very similar in a number of european countries . 
  it 's not the money . 
   i 'm quickly coming to the conclusion that western governments are just as bad as russia and china but more subtle at fucking over their populations . 
  you 're free to live in russia for a bit and see for yourself . 
  i just hope you 're not part of a minority , sexual or otherwise . 
  did they do all sorts of funky stuff to the constitution , separation of powers etc. 
  like the hungarian government did ? 
  does ponta send agitprop letters ? 
  if so , then you have a point . 
  but you do n't . 
  interesting read on the agitprop . 
  i am normally in accordance . 
  only sometimes , sometimes i listen to my german friends and think what would happen in another crisis . 
  who would come out worse , uk or germany . 
  is shitty growth worth the lesser fall ?
