  probably not but idk . 
  i wonder if there is a russian version of michael moore . 
  wait no , i do n't . 
  bugger off . 
  i 'm a french person living in germany and in my opinion i am treated different to , say , spanish people . 
  there is a curious mix between admiration and slight contempt for france . 
  many people have a very romantic view of france and the joie de vivre and a considerable number of people still ( !?! ), 
  feel bad about actions committed 70 years ago . 
  there is a very strong will in germany to cooperate closely with france . 
  pretty much everyone i 've ever talked to in germany , even conservatives , say that they want this . 
  if you ask people `` should germany be loyal to and stand by italy ? '', 
  you can imagine the answer . 
  if you ask the same thing with france almost everyone says yes . 
  that 's me analysing objectively by the way , not my french wet dreams . 
  ** tldr ** i think they will . 
  question : does it annoy you that people downvote you so much for voicing your anti-federalist and economically liberal opinions ? 
  i lived in madrid for a number of years . 
  point one : pretty much every spanish person i 've ever met agrees that the spanish crisis is homemade . 
  point two : mariano rajoy did n't have an austerity awakening through merkel 's magical guidance . 
  he was harshly conservative all these years and he was elected by spain . 
  you 're making it way too easy for yourself . 
  they are worth exploring by france . 
  germany will give up its resistance at some point . 
  and if they do n't the euro zone is probably gon na die . 
  i do n't want that to happen because , as you so well state , i 'm an idealist . 
  in european matters too . 
  the destruction of the french economy , however , can not go on , so in the end if germany does n't allow more liberal central bank policies and looser budget rules then i 'm afraid a split up is inevitable . 
  as much as i want france and germany working together , in this point they have to give in at some point if we want to remain together . 
  the job of the french government is n't to balance the budget but to act in a way that benefits the french people . 
  believe it or not , those two things are not synonymous . 
  maybe the danish government thinks so but we do n't . 
  the good half !, 
  the point is that other eu countries are not outside powers . 
  fellow union member states that you share a central bank with are n't outside powers . 
  in that case complied and openly debate the abolition of the euro currency . 
  that would force germany 's hand . 
  it sounds harsh but that would be representing the french interests ( and those of spain , italy and others ) . 
  i do n't know if you understand french , but here is the original article . 
  http://www.leparisien.fr/economie/l-incroyable-histoire-de-la-naissance-des-3-de-deficit-28-09-2012-2184365.php here is part of it on an english language blog . 
  http://mikenormaneconomics.blogspot.de/2013/05/bill-mitchell-we-came-up-with-3-deficit.html tldr : basically they pulled it out of their arses in less than an hour and wrote it on a napkin . 
  every airport security official in the world recognises repubblica italiana , r\u00e9publique fran\u00e7aise , rzeczpospolita polska and bundesrepublik deutschland . 
  and you know what happens if they do n't ? 
  they open the passport and inside it says in english : country code fra as well as surname , given names , passport no ... ... 
  it probably is . 
  i do n't agree with what the french government is doing . 
  as the french president i would have forced ( read : forced ) a change to the unscientific 3 % rule in europe . 
  hollande only gave us a moist fart . 
  the current situation is not acceptable . 
  the rules do n't take economic reality into account and france keeps breaching the rules because of it . 
  france needs to invest and channel all its political capital and get germany to support a rule change . 
  everything else belongs into the land of dreams . 
  i 'm aware of that . 
  wages are much higher in norway than in france too , but it does n't translate into a dramatically higher standard of living . 
  hard to compare . 
  i do n't know the solution , but i think it 's very very important to keep in mind that in the end what matters is : earning a decent wage in exchange for roughly 40 hours per week . 
  that is success . 
  if everyone starts accepting clinging from one bad-paying temporary job to the next as success then we have a serious problem . 
  and if you agree with what i just said it leads directly to one conclusion : every economic policy must be judged on the effect it has on the people . 
  not trade efficiency , maximum profits or maximum consumption . 
  i am not anti but pro-american by the way . 
  i love many parts of american culture but social policy is not necessarily one of them . 
  there are great places to live but sadly not everyone in america is able to . 
  it 's better to be a low-skilled worker in germany ( not picking france on purpose ) than in an american walmart . 
  it has a lot to do with certain western/northern european values that i do n't want to see abolished . 
  i 'm not bitter at the uk . 
  at all . 
  i lived in britain for 5 years as a child and went to english speaking schools all my life . 
  it 's about economic policy . 
  the only acceptable outcome are jobs that ensure at the minimum a decent life . 
  anything else does n't constitute success for me . 
  how is the social equality situation in the uk ? 
  how do poor people live ? 
  are they worse or better off ? 
  that 's the typical false choice that laissez-faire proponents bring up . 
  the only acceptable situation is one where a normal job can ensure a decent standard of living . 
  some financially tighter , some richer , but everyone should at least live decently . 
  anything else is a deviation from the core task of the economy : to serve the people . 
  it 's not about the creation of * jobs * in any way possible , it 's about decent/fair pay in exchange for 40 hours of good work per week . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  so excuse me if i do n't want to go the way of having 2 or more jobs to stay alive , where eating healthy is almost impossible for poor people and where the major point to life is n't life but working to survive . 
  that 's not economic success , that 's failure . 
  i strongly hope britain wo n't continue down that road . 
  if you show me a reputable source for median real wage growth in the uk i might change my mind . 
  yup . 
  are you criticising the french government for representing the interest of the french people in trade talks ? 
  we do n't want the cultural industries to be swept away by huge budget hollywood films . 
  is that really that crazy a demand ? 
  culture is more important than money !, 
  this is the kind of whiny bullshit that weakens the anti-austerity position . 
  are you seriously complaining that other countries would only give you a gigantic bailout if your future leader was in accordance with their position ? 
  the way to change the economic strategy is by convincing northern europe , not turning hostile towards it . 
  germany is n't isolated at all . 
  france and italy have been making some feeble attempts to change the european position but austerity is dominant in europe still . 
  i predict it wo n't change before merkel is gone . 
  rule of thumb : all countries north of france supports austerity . 
  anglo economies are doing much better . 
  anglo lower/middle-lower class people are n't . 
  we simply can not accept the false choice between `` shit conditions , shit wage '' or `` unemployment '' . 
  i 'm sick of the `` jobs at all cost '' approach . 
  the job of the economy is to serve the people , not the other way around .
