the funny thing is , most of them have a person watching and doing nothing to warn them about the vehicle . 
  edit : especially the ones who are not fighting . 
  you get a dictatorship , you get a dictatorship and everybody gets a dictatorship !, 
  i tried something like this : http://codepen.io/anon/pen/vfgdl, 
  not sure if this is what you were looking for . 
  the sidebar buttons and the middle buttons do not fall into a common grid though . 
  i simply mean that if you would-of make a grid over the whole calculator , either the number or the symbol buttons would n't align in relation to each other . 
  oh boy , i have been smoking since 13 as well . 
  i have tried to quit countless times . 
  i am 21 today and doing it from today . 
  i 'm not trying this time - no more cigarettes , period . 
  i wish you all the best of luck , i hope to see you post your success story in a few years to comment on it while being as successful . 
  the writer is probably butt-hurt because / g / suggested to try arch as the first distribution, 
  talk to [ this guy ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/stellar/comments/2cpvqy/send_me_szymko307_stellars_thanks/ ) . 
  i think he has a working business model . 
   there are n't enough people who need money for food . 
  why give it for your game ? 
  i really do hope so . 
  currently we have basic crypto-currency , which is great , but in order to really make these things bigger than other legal currencies in the world , we need multiple . 
  the problem is that if any of these currencies fall under serious problems , users will have a chance to migrate without falling back to paper currencies . 
  also , competition is healthy in the long run . 
  if stellar or any other similar project makes it we will have a more diverse market that could potentially persuade more users to trust crypto-currencies and invest their money in them . 
  this would drive value up for all crypto-currencies as if there is more demand for , say , stellar , the demand for bitcoin will go up as well because people will more actively trade between these currencies instead of paper money . 
  but then again this [ might apply here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wli7wa2.jpg ) . 
  yes , but every user does have their own reasons for using an operating system . 
  arch is targeted towards a certain group of users . 
  i would n't say my grandma could n't use linux , because she ca n't handle arch , when she would be perfectly fine with the majority of other distributions . 
  the simplicity of arch is amazing , but then again this is why the general majority does not use linux . 
  if we only take function over form , everything would be fine , but try to explain to the average user that they need to install something from aur and how to do it - or even how to install arch itself . 
  there are other perfectly fine and well made distros that are just as good , because in the end of the day , the best distro is a subjective term . 
  the point of linux is not to be some super hacker . 
  are n't the guest additions updated together with the entire system during the initial post-install update ? 
  i did that . 
  the issue seems to persist . 
  i guess this is just one of those weird bugs that pop up once in a while because of mystical reasons . 
  visually i 'd say this is the best looking device to hit the market of this type - including smart watches and other fitness devices . 
  great job ms !, 
  looks like a great direction to go towards although not quite perfect . 
  well , the thing is it kind-of does . 
  most users who started with the initial windows 8 did not get their first impression from 8.1 etc. 
  their first impression is that their 24 '' desktop screen was filled with a tablet interface from boot . 
  i know it can be changed , but it 's the first impression that is the turnoff . 
  there are a lot of great stuff in win 8 as well . 
  win 10 will make sure that these get to more people with a new chance to impress . 
  yeah , my girlfriend had to get a new laptop last year and at the best value computer we got was pre-loaded with windows 8 . 
  after a month i downgraded it to windows 7 for her . 
  just too confusing for a whole group of users . 
  but , it does seem that windows 10 will fix most of these issues that were the main problem for < = windows 7 users when upgrading , so that 's great . 
  currently lurking here , deciding which setup to get for christmas - to replace the analog . 
  i do n't live in the us , so i do n't really celebrate thanksgiving , but i guess it 's always nice to read the news articles going on around that time . 
  thanks for the giveaway !, 
  caramel mocha and mint in 12mg, 
  aspire nautilus with milk and honey at 18mg  thank you for the chance . 
  thanks , 
  best sellers at 12mg . 
  thank you for the giveaway !, 
  aah , the invisible mod , i have one too . 
  great !, 
  cound me in !, 
  thanks !, 
  founders brew sounds amazing reading the text . 
  12mg would probably be nice . 
  thank you for the giveaway . 
  i 've been looking at this mod . 
  - [ credible cream ] ( http://www.gggejuice.com/credible-cream-p/3100.htm ), 
  - [ awesome apple pie ] ( http://www.gggejuice.com/awesome-apple-pie-p/3300.htm ), 
  thank you !, 
  thanks !, 
  wire for general usage - extremely handy . 
  cotton for filtering and cleaning things . 
  a swiss army knife for cutting things . 
  finally , some mech mod for the fires as well as some juice . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll try with 43 . 
  12mg 50/50 please , thank you !, 
  seems like a bed . 
  thanks for the giveaway !, 
  sng last stand at 10mg nic . 
  12mg 50/50 , thanks !, 
  would by awesome to test this juice before it 's out . 
   i 'm in , thanks !, 
  congratz to you winners !, 
  bestsellers with 12mh thanks !, 
  fogger v4 & kryptonite 18mg, 
  thanks for the chance !, 
  strawberry milk & red balls , thanks !, 
  i would love to see a pumpkin & honey flavor . 
  not sure if this counts as a joke , but [ here it is . 
  ] ( http://www.noodlytime.com/postimages/vape-2.png ) such wow . 
  [ and you also used the cotton swabs ? 
  cherry juice would be great !, 
  the struggle @ 12mg sounds great !, 
  thanks for the giveaway !, 
  thanks !, 
  red balls and monkey juice seem nice @ 18mg  thanks !, 
  honey badger 24mg 50/50  thanks !, 
  the site could do with a bit of cleaning up . 
  things like the slider are distracting and heavy while the blue and dark grey do n't complement product pictures well - maybe either a light theme or making the blue color less prominent ( the focus should be on the product and categories ) . 
  i also noticed that during the 18 + notification the `` yes '' and `` no '' buttons were small and it took me a second to understand where to click . 
  maybe making them more button-like would help .
