  i installed it on an usb drive that boots on macbook pro 8,1 through vmware mounting the usb drive directly to the vmware instance and using the tails installer to create the drive . 
  this was done today with the newest image . 
  good luck !, 
  or the estonian [ vastlakukkel ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-fzsafnc4wis/upa_ga3dqei/aaaaaaaahbc/cjpacb0kjjs/s1600/untitled-0001-9.jpg ), 
  seems my mistake . 
  never noticed this on the first boot of yosemite ( this should be a tutorial screen as seen [ here ] ( http://www.macworld.com/article/2369722/hands-on-with-os-x-yosemite-spotlight-takes-center-stage.html ) ) , however it seems it 's a glitch on my rather old installation now . 
  i was referring to the fact that the icons are displayed under the input area which is not supposed to be so . 
  initially i thought this was something new with an update but then found out that it is a glitch where the tutorial triggered even though the installation is quite old by this point . 
  weird . 
  smokey, 
  2 . istick & nautilus mini, 
  charlie 's unicorn by gordona vapes 12mg, 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  charlie 's unicorn by gordona vapes, 
  charlie 's unicorn by gordona vapes, 
  heeere 's icey !, 
  great review !, 
  i wish i had this at home . 
  great idea . 
  just also need an antibacterial spray next to it . 
  although the images look great , not a good idea doing this without a licence and the children angle is very edgy . 
  perfect . 
  google calendar seems to need a few updates too , but things are shaping up to make a great productivity ecosystem . 
  thanks !, 
  whoa , great looking design !, 
   what , if shared , is immediately lost forever, 
  privacy, 
  thanks !, 
  privacy maybe ? 
  those look amazing . 
  also , great clear title , 
  but it 's so edgy now that steam is blowing out of it . 
  thanks for the international opportunity !, 
  thanks for the chance . 
  * tobh atty clone rda ( rebuildable dripping atomizer ), 
  thanks !, 
  someone forgot to but their adult pants on i guess ... 
  i love this . 
  it is ironic that an industry that is trying to make their innovative product keep on going is unwilling to ( in majority ) bend to rules and heritage whereas the community demands understanding of itself . 
  give some respect - get some respect . 
  raspberry menthol is nice . 
  here 's [ a few from 2007 ] ( http://imgur.com/a/weeky ) . 
  it 's been a long while and i 'm very rusty now . 
  edit : apparently one is from '08 did n't notice the signature . 
  thanks for the giveaway !, 
  i have n't done subohming yet so no idea on the topic tho . 
  green, 
  thanks for the chance . 
  i like giveaways . 
  it 's a great opportunity for a vendor to get new customers who after trying a juice or product could turn into loyal troopers . 
  that 's difficult on eshops . 
  ** sandisk sansa clip + ** i love it . 
  with rockbox you can add 128gb of storage if formated properly . 
  thanks for the giveaway !, 
  [ it 's time ] ( http://giphy.com/gifs/hu2wdcmchh9oo ) . 
  thanks for the giveaway . 
  yes , it does . 
  drag-and-drop file management too , so no hassle . 
  0mg thanks !, 
  coffee with strawberry custards are nice . 
  i 've been vaping since christmas . 
  loving it , but strugling to keep away from analogs . 
  the success is the best i have had yet and this is really working . 
  little by little i 'm also toning down the nicotine to remove the addiction . 
  also got 1 person away from smoking and turned her to vaping . 
  thanks for the giveaway !, 
  pink sounds like strawberry , strawberry goes well with mint and curie might imply a custardy variation . 
  seems like it 's fairly simple to build a brand of ones own without putting another ( childrens candy ) logo on the product . 
  it 's common sense to not rip off other brands for a growing business . 
  air -  in lungs as in breath . 
  same thing , different circumstances / competition rules . 
  do what you want during your own time . 
  whoa . 
  comment to see this later . 
  i find this as negative more than positive . 
  although , these answers are fun for a minute - on all major players voice assistants these get annoying when trying to find real answers to real questions quickly . 
  i do n't want to have a half-working conversation with a tool . 
  this is interesting , never seen anything like this . 
  [ and seems i ca n't use it anyway . 
  yes . 
  you sir win the internet today . 
  sounds more like mr. mackey for some reason . 
   naturally everyone prefers to speak in their own language but people would make exceptions for foreigners ,, 
  this also depends , there are many companies in the capital where work language is english . 
  do n't understand the down votes for this post . 
  the op asked for opinion based suggestion , this is one of many , completely valid and good point regardless of differences in that opinion . 
  and then throw that into the sea also !, 
  you are a riar !, 
  boys , this one here is too honest , get 'em !, 
  i would say yes , but it 's a difficult one to advocate since it also hosts a feature . 
  the bug probably is actually that user expectation have not been met by allowing to easily toggle this feature . 
  maybe we can have a common reddit-placebot template ? 
  estonian ( / r/eesti ) flag needs some additional defence . 
  its ' now almost clear . 
  in case you guys need the [ estonian bmp ] ( https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rasmussaks/reddit-placebot/master/target-eesti.bmp ) . 
  kopeeri users.example.json  users.json, 
  ( json formaat ), 
  this also works : i copy-pasted the uk script , then just linked our image inside and posting the gist . 
  this is the easiest way to contribute with a bot .
