  he 's never been a banker though, 
  i study architecture in the uk and my lecturers are happy to criticise le corb and modernism . 
  they spend a lot of time doing so in fact , especially with regards to urban planning type stuff like ` the contemporary city ' etc. 
  there would only be outrage if it was a policy that contradicted something cameron 's tories were elected to do . 
  everyone 's got one in a cupboard somewhere . 
  i would n't expect you to , i do n't really understand what point you 're making ? 
  professional protesters !, 
  * what are they protesting ? 
  everything !, 
  when will they protest ? 
  always !, 
  europe is still my home just not the eu . 
  i consider the swiss to be just as european as any other european despite them not being eu members . 
  they all have the right to leave , scotland almost did very recently in case you did n't notice . 
  and for the record no they were n't annexed , we chose to unite in 1707 . 
  no ones inferior but we make decisions as the uk , not individual nations , so england being as big as it is population-wise holds larger sway . 
  yes i 'd say a majority of people think broadsheets are serious newspapers , people make their own minds up when they vote however . 
  and yes broadsheets sell less because there 's a smaller demand for serious current affair style topics than celebrity gossip , football and ( until recently ) , boobs . 
  the nhs was hardly even mentioned and that bus figure was ridiculed the entire campaign , immigration , the economy and sovereignty constantly top the polls of what was seen as most important when voting . 
  leave one two of those arguments ; that 's what cause brexit if anything . 
  but the times supported remain . 
  or do broadsheet newspapers not count ? 
  odd considering they 're the only newspapers taken seriously for politics/current affairs . 
  in 1975 when the uk ref happened the european communities were just the eec , the coal and steel community and the atomic energy community . 
  all of which were about closer economic ties or removing barriers in markets . 
  in 1986 the single european act officially founded the european political cooperation ( epc ) , which i 'd argue is when it really moved away from being a purely economic union , or at least officially acknowledged the political undercurrents . 
  do n't forget your petty insults !, 
  was n't it just the eec then ? 
  i 've called out yet another saddo on r/europe so i 'm perfectly content with my contribution . 
  irrelevant . 
  this discussion has been about whether it 's justifiable to punish a member who decides to leave a union . 
  you 've so far contributed nothing but petty insults , congrats . 
  it 's not just a petty insult though , there 's a point there . 
  you do n't think it looks bad for a group to punish anyone who dares to leave ? 
  people should be free to come and go as they please . 
  so u/thorbee has a point then , seeing as you ca n't provide a counter-argument . 
  insults are n't very good rebuttals matey . 
  never really wanted to be in the eu though did we ? 
  we voted to join the common market , the anti-common marketers warned it could turn into a political union not just an economic one but they were dismissed as paranoid . 
  old people have n't forgotten that betrayal , hence them being pro-leave . 
  pragmatism  idealism, 
  well the tories are headed for a landslide election win based on a ` hard brexit ' , so it appears people are accepting and getting behind it . 
  the eu is headed towards a nation of nations anyway , what 's the difference ? 
  we 're 28 individual sovereign states , with completely different cultures and attitudes to all kinds of things . 
  when something as contentious as the migrant crisis comes along , personally , i ca n't see an eu-wide consensus on how to respond ever really happening , unless all states are allowed to do their own thing , in which case the eu does n't really have a role in the situation . 
  some countries think we 're obliged to take refugees , some do n't . 
  usually i suppose it would majority opinion rules , but as long as each member remains a sovereign state they can just say no to what the rest of the eu wants and do their own thing . 
  i 've moved from being firmly on the left towards the right , i 'd say i 'm centre-right now i suppose ; economically right and socially liberal to be more specific . 
  it 's not happened because of any major political events , more just exposing myself to the other side of arguments plus being at a different stage of life . 
  the biggest change is my lack of faith in ` the establishment ' . 
  i always knew the media was biased/untrustworthy but the amount of misinformation and lies that spreads like wildfire , often here on reddit for example , is quite scary . 
  i also have no faith in many of our current crop of politicians , and knowing they 're attempting to leave the eu ? 
  honestly it makes me laugh to think about , no point in worrying - there 's bugger all i can do . 
  cards are increasingly popular , my friends and i were discussing recently how we never carry cash anymore . 
  the only time it can be a pain is little off-license cornershops sometimes have a minimum charge ( it costs 50p to use card if you spend under # 10 for example ) . 
  it depends on age , older people seem to favour cash more , but also location . 
  up north in cities i have to use cash for buses whereas in london you ca n't pay with cash on buses , its contactless cards only . 
  the countryside is probably more cash dominated . 
  [ apparently less than half of all transactions were made with cash in 2016 ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/money/2016/may/23/cashless-britain-advances-contactless-debit-cards-thrive ), 
  i 'm definitely in favour of it . 
  it seems like a reasonable stop gap as we transition from fossil fuels to renewable energy , as they often are n't reliable or economical enough just yet . 
  i know there 's waste but it 's emission free so i really ca n't understand why our green party here is so against it , the risks seem way overplayed , admittedly i 'm far from an expert . 
  could n't recommend citymapper enough for getting around using public transport . 
  yours sounds very similar to ours in the uk . 
  in fact i think scouting originated in the uk as a way to get boys outdoors learning to fend for themselves or whatever . 
  the man who started it was a suspected paedophile so there 's a lot of jokes about scout leaders that revolve around that here , they 're generally viewed as a productive activity for young boys ( same as guiding for girls ) . 
  i did it when i was young and did a lot of tying knots and running around woods . 
  yeah i know which is a shame , i do n't really understand why that 's a no go . 
  the most realistic outcome i 'd hope for is a soft brexit . 
  i think we should leave but i 'd like us to maintain a close relationship . 
  a free trade deal but maybe not free movement would be ideal , definitely keep working with the eu on international issues like climate change . 
  i 'd have preferred a labour or tory majority than a hung parliament . 
  especially with the dup propping up the tories , they 're anti-abortion , climate change deniers , anti-gay marriage ... all the worst aspects of conservatism really ( imo ) . 
  the worst part is the uncertainty and what it means for brexit though . 
  i 'm surprised may is staying on , maybe the tories think brexit is a poisoned chalice so they 're letting her get on with it . 
  yeah i think it came about last year , maybe late 2015 . 
  i 've actually seen the kiosks been free loads of times but just queued to see the human instead . 
  i kind of assumed if no one else was using them something was wrong with them , best just stick to what i know . 
  french is most common , then spanish and german . 
  that 's my experience of england anyway . 
  in wales i know they get taught welsh too , a welsh friend of mine even had his science and maths lessons in welsh . 
  every morning plus some evenings after exercise . 
  occasionally do n't shower all day though , usually if i 'm hungover and do n't really need to go out . 
  it clashes with a lot of the uk culturally i 'd say . 
  we value self-deprecation/modesty and not taking yourself too seriously . 
  if someone genuinely thinks they 're better than everyone else they 're going to be laughed at . 
  seems like she 's in politics for the right reasons and she 's known to be a hard worker , so could be worse . 
  she 's doing away with the policy where all infant school kids get free lunches regardless of parental income and instead offering free breakfast to all . 
  i 've not seen anything to suggest kids who qualify for free school meals wo n't get them any longer , though plenty of indy/grauniad headlines are trying to make it sound that way . 
  personally i 've only seen stranger things but i 've heard friends speak about all those netflix shows ( with the exception of grace and frankie ) so i 'd say they 're all pretty popular . 
  not so sure about hbo shows though , i do n't think they 're as accessible as netflix so they 're probably less popular . 
  no , i think our cultures vary too much and i would n't want that to change . 
  i 'd like us to trade freely with one another as it 's mutually beneficial , but that 's about it . 
  honestly , i already think the eu oversteps it 's line a bit ( despite that i was a remainer , for the record ) . 
  a recent example is the restrictions on gun laws that just went through , why should the eu do that ? 
  all our countries have differing views on guns so leave it to respective governments . 
  i agreed with the law myself but it 's beside the point , i do n't want a say over other countries laws and i do n't want them to have a say over mine . 
  though i should point out i 'm okay with harmonising laws with regards to trade . 
  must 've been a northerner , did he say whereabouts he was from ? 
  first got drunk about 13 i think , maybe even younger which is scary .
