yeah i 'm still undecided , definitely lean towards remain but skeptical on some issues i suppose . 
  debating stuff like this helps understand it all better than watching people spout party lines on question time though, 
  true but outside the eu a country would potentially be more sovereign as it has control over things that would otherwise be in the hands of the union , so it 's the ultimate power over more things . 
  it is a case of are the benefits a price worth paying , but while in there will be acts or laws we are n't in favour of but ca n't do anything about therefore we 're less autonomous than if out , no ? 
  we sacrifice part of our autonomy for the greater good . 
  i never suggested britain should be made a special case . 
  a ) saying ` ever closer union ' does n't really hold up imo , it 's so vague it could mean anything , b ) free movement was a dumb example as its always been there , i picked it because it seems to be the key issue for britain right now but the point remains as there are parts of the eu that exist today which when voting to be a part of the eu did n't therefore did n't influence our decision c ) should 've been clearer but i did n't mean the uk govt was n't consulted i meant the british public . 
  the british public have n't had a say over whether they feel the eu should decide on certain issues or whether it should be a uk govt decision because the eu of today makes decisions on laws that in '75 it did n't . 
  but there sort of is an eu as an outside entity forcing us to do things we do n't like . 
  when we joined the eu it was just a common market , that is what we the british public agreed to be a part of , the eu has since evolved into something much bigger . 
  laws are being passed nowadays that britain did n't sign up to be a part of , but the rest of europe like them and are therefore going through going back to your analogy , what if you and your fiance as the couple agreed to introduce a new member and started having votes on more issues . 
  the new member and your fiance agree you ca n't go out with your mates on a saturday night , you vote against but the majority wins and you ca n't go out on saturday night because that 's now the terms of the being in the couple . 
  are you still autonomous when part of the couple ? 
  hopefully that analogy still works but the point is in the case of the uk , the british public want to have control over immigration , but ca n't because of agreements made in the eu they were n't consulted over and therefore do n't feel like they 're sovereign as a country . 
  technically they are sovereign , but while part of the eu countries do n't have total control of their laws . 
  definition of sovereign = possessing supreme or ultimate power one could easily argue that whilst a part of the eu a country 's government is n't the ultimate or supreme power . 
  while in the eu they are n't sovereign is the point edit : less sovereign then ? 
  ah my bad , i did n't realise it was a trump joke . 
  i thought you were taking the piss out of me or something , people had downvoted my initial comment so i assumed you were one of those people , apologies . 
  a bit too subtle for you lot by the looks of it . 
  at least someone enjoyed it , i thought it was quite funny but my yakarma says otherwise . 
  we make better cheese too . 
  edit : t ` was only a joke lads , christ, 
  how do you know everyone supported farage 's second referendum ? 
  you 've just made up that whole ` the proud nationalist voice will never be silenced ' clause . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/education/2014/apr/29/free-tuition-scotland-benefits-wealthiest-students-most-study http://www.telegraph.co.uk/education/universityeducation/11958950/snp-minister-defends-free-university-tuition-despite-bursary-cuts-for-poor.html http://www.scotsman.com/news/opinion/euan-mccolm-students-worse-off-with-free-tuition-1-3872594, 
  i have no idea , my point was their previous ` symbol of equal playing field ' policies have backfired and hurt poorer/disadvantage people , considering the oil price and their deficit if i was scotland i would n't be announcing more spending . 
  but i 'm not , i 'm just a random cunt on the internet . 
   would be a `` symbol of a belief in a level playing field '' for all children . 
  i 'm guessing this 'll be just like when they got rid of tuition fees ` making it a level playing field ' . 
  except in order to do that they had to cut scholarships and bursaries making it harder for poorer kids to attend , even harder than in england where it costs # 9000/year . 
  this time however it 'll probably come back and bite the working class in the form of a crippling deficit . 
  i must have missed that referendum because the one i took part in only asked whether we wanted remain a member of the eu . 
  that could be because different levels of education lead to different careers , some careers benefit from the eu some arguably do n't . 
  it 's not leave = dumb ; remain = clever , it 's a complex issue . 
  and to britain , places like liverpool and newcastle still have noticeably big irish populations . 
  especially liverpool as it 's just a ferry ride away . 
  do you think english culture is very different to scottish and welsh then ? 
  * lights fag *, 
  my bad it 's an idiom . 
  did you never have that toy as a kid where you had to put shapes in their corresponding hole ? 
  so the triangle would fit in the triangle hole , square in square , etc. 
  try as you might the square wo n't fit in the circle hole - they 're incompatible with each other . 
  in the context of the uk and the eu it usually means the uk does n't quite ` fit in ' , or is n't fully compatible . 
  the uk has a different legal system , our attitudes towards the euro and a federal europe differ greatly , even culturally there 's the whole supposed ` island mentality ' . 
  we just do n't fit in with the continentals that well . 
  i do n't particularly like farage , did n't realise it was a choice between him or tusk ? 
  i just personally do n't think us leaving a supranational body warrants teary-eyed goodbyes . 
  anyone else think tusk saying `` we already miss you '' is somewhat indicative of the idea that britain 's a square peg in a round hole ? 
  i mean it 's a bit soppy is n't it ? 
  will that really resonate with brits ? 
  since the independent stopped printing and went online only its become noticeably more clickbaity . 
  most british people did n't have a vote either for the vast majority of that time . 
  nor a currency ... 
  i 've honestly never seen anyone do that . 
  have you peeled the cucumber ? 
  the only reasonable response for the dutch is of course to lead a counter-protest armed with fresh turkey from the supermarket , see how they like it . 
  i 'm not too far away in a ` city ' of about 50k residents . 
  two neighbouring towns actually have over 100k in populations , and the other nearest city again has only 50k ... madness !, 
  yeah it 's definitely apples and oranges as they say ... 
  i would n't say the pm has a deep or vast range of powers at all though , they 're just elected like any other regular mp and as their party has chosen them as party leader ( prevents populist leaders ! ), 
  the queen then makes them the pm , even us voters do n't even get a say . 
  from there though the pm just proposes legislation like any other mp , though i suppose as they 've just won an election the pm will propose their popular policies and they 'll get through easily as they 'll be backed by the majority of commons - in that sense the pm can be quite powerful . 
  all in all yeah i do n't know , presidents had always been more powerful in my eyes as they 're head of state as well as just the govt - and the executive orders shocked me just because there were no debates between the government and the opposition . 
  apples and oranges indeed !, 
  presidents have more executive power than a pm i 'm sure ? 
  had the uk pm wanted to execute an order like trump 's travel ban , they 'd have to have the majority of both the house of commons and house of lords vote in favour . 
  the tories do n't have a majority in the house of lords right now and only a slim majority in the commons so it 'd be very difficult , especially for something so controversial like trumps travel ban . 
  trump just seemed to need it to be legal , then as soon as he announced it it came into effect , that 'd have taken multiple readings and debates of the bill stretching over a couple of weeks ( ? ), 
  in the uk . 
  as head of state the queen probably has the authority to do something that drastic , but by doing so would cause a constitutional crisis . 
  you 're confusing people with a geographical term . 
  because it 's not a political term , it 's from romans who called everything from england to ireland ` britannia ' , therefore the channel islands are n't , ireland is . 
  yeah i respect the fact irish people do n't like it . 
  i would n't hold my breath waiting for britain to stop using it though , in my experience no one realises it 's controversial , to be honest i had no idea until i started using reddit . 
  can add this to my list of things to feel guilty about along with two more of today 's r/europe threads ; the irish famine and the ' 5 worst atrocities carried out by the british empire ' . 
  or some people from any country can take a joke while others ca n't, 
  bit hysterical ... 
  no idea why reddit brings out so many anti-scot nutters but you 're in the minority , separation of the union would harm both sides . 
  asia is the only continent with a country with a lower youth unemployment than europe 's lowest ( iceland at 6.4 % ) . 
  germany 's youth unemployment is the 6th lowest in the world at 6.5 % . 
  the netherlands , austria , norway and the czech republic are all at around 10 % which is in line with the us . 
  then the uk , estonia and denmark are n't far behind at 12 % . 
  so not every country has insane youth unemployment , in some places its good , in some places is bad , most places its pretty average . 
  well that 's what the article is about , here 's another more in detail about how the weathers affected lots of vegetables usually imported from spain http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-38666752, 
  what campaign materials ? 
  i sat through the entire thing with a keen ear and can safely say i never saw any official campaign or campaigner making derogatory remarks about european people . 
  i can say tabloids have a habit of twisting comments , or taking them out of context so that they can be made shocking or offensive , because it spreads like wildfire and it sells . 
  however if you listen directly to even the most radical of brexiteers , eg . 
  nigel farage , you 'll find he 's incredibly pro-europe , just anti-eu . 
  conflating europe or european people with the eu is just a cheap smear tactic . 
  and for the record i voted remain . 
  ` the welsh people do n't know what 's best for them , i do ', 
  it was n't based on hate towards eu immigrants though . 
  it was ( partly ) due to the dislike of an eu immigration policy . 
  that 's not an attack on european people and we do n't not like you . 
  if you ca n't acknowledge the difference you 're being intellectually dishonest . 
  i think all brits know we 're technically european , it 's more that people are far more likely to identify as british over european . 
  for a lot of people being european does n't really form any part of their identity . 
  better cheese in the uk though,
