flags are hard right, 
  ironically it would solve a lot of the existential angst and the geopolitical issues that germany faces . 
  flew into vienna today where a turkish taxi driver bitched to me about shitty immigrants walking up the motorway yesterday saying he wants to move back to his old home in the czech republic . 
  what a treat . 
  the problem for europhiles : he 's right about the turks and people know it . 
  judging by the downvotes some people wet their knickers when something is ` good for germany ' and ` good for europe ' ... in / r/europe, 
  based brilliant bulgarians, 
  european is a term used by those devoid of individual responsibility for their families , cultures , communities and countries and who are therefore inclined to use the word ` european ' as a crux to avoid individual responsibility and to instead devolve their duty of care to an incompetent megastate . 
  too busy favouring muslims . 
  pretty good . 
  clearly a sign of the superiority of european-ness . 
  bureaucracy for bureaucracies sake, 
  borders are `` racist '' lol what have you been drinking ? 
  this is news ? 
  the uks views have not counted for a long time . 
  increased subtlety does not a reduced frequency nor impact make . 
  `` the west does n't do disinformation . '', 
  oh no , it 's retarded . 
  you could always leave europe ... look at the condition of france today ... - terror hotspot - crippled economy - unable to print money to make up for poor competitiveness - strikes everywhere ... ( alright that has been true since the 1930s ... ), 
  `` europeans '' do n't even pretend to care about jobs , adding value or even about maintaining and growing communities . 
  they care about using politics to force others to do their whim . 
  as you see in this / r / , they are a useless wrecking ball of sycophants . 
  there 's even a heavily upvoted comment here that for $ 13 bln you can put everyone in ireland in ` houses made of gold ' . 
  it just smacks of deliberate financial illiteracy and short termism . 
  once again europe shows it thinks it can dictate the business of constituent ` free ' nations . 
  ca n't wait for eire to start seriously talking about leaving the eu . 
  virtually every muslim school in the uk has been slammed for being terrorist indoctrination centers , preaching extremist anti-british muslim values . 
  why move to a culture you hate to kill its citizens ? 
  ` have you ever read 50 shades of grey and acted it out ? ', 
  check mate meninists !, 
  idiocy like these intrusive social engineering surveys are reason enough to brexit, 
  this is the epitome of timewasting . 
  74 % is pretty normal for hrsg gas turbines ... 
  ergo , it responsible for us to treat self proclaimed ` friends ' with the same disdain they show us . 
  this public service announcement was brought to you by herman van rompuy , public spokesperson for the group `` low grade bank clerks against reform '' . 
  they get more drunk than the 20 year olds these days . 
  in the past 2-3 years there 's been a trend in glasgow of holidaying in cancun instead of the costa del sol . 
  i can understand why the mexican government loves the opportunity to take uk retirees as the eu spergs out . 
  in short , french , belgian and liberal americans in london are angry that the british exist . 
  there 's always planes they can use . 
  no need to hang around . 
  ' i refuse to buy products from * that * island ' ` calm your tits island dwellers ! ', 
  ^ do n't ^ look ^ at ^ the ^ things ^ hiding ^ under ^ our ^ rug, 
  typical , substandard romanian handwashing , finger pointing and grandstanding . 
  abroad * do n't look at us , do n't blame us !, 
  * at home * we survived the turks , the austrians , the germans !, 
  the russians !!, 
  * reality : horse is beef . 
  please buy romanian beef . 
  * 100 % horse *, 
  british people ? 
  * in * britain ? 
  / progressive tears let 's be honest , the racism rode with remain and lost them the referendum before it was called . 
  no jobs for brits in ` diverse ' britain ? 
  a catastrophic return : to february :-), 
  yes , britain is ` entitled ' to all of these things . 
  yes , britain is ` entitled ' to it 's democratic rights . 
  this is natural . 
  hi kerry , thanks for doing this ama . 
  let 's cut to the chase . 
  how do you claim you serve the british people with being part of a campaign to tell them they are too poor , too wee and too stupid to govern themselves ? 
  kind regards, 
  remain who ? 
  leaving people to starve and freeze in the streets is a form of charity in your mind . 
  let 's build two networks to house , clothe and feed dysfunctional people : that will be cost effective !, 
  you seem angry . 
  is it because you are being paid to astroturf and it 's something you do n't believe ? 
  he built a wall . 
  it works . 
  just saying kid , 
  are you aware that it 's criminal to be homeless in the uk : today ? 
  why : because the public would rather house the homeless in warm jail cells and prisons where they can be fed than have them abused on the streets . 
  it 's this arrogant lack of pragmatism that is a clear distinction between the do'ers and social science students . 
  it seem you are not as much of an expert in ` britishness ' as you protest !, 
  i 'm sorry , but the european idea of ` de jure ' laws being inflicted on me , a brit , is frankly abhorrent and foreign to our very notion of the rule of law . 
  yelling about the ` council of europe ' every second line and arguing that eu funded ngos should be allowed to lobby and attack elected governments just makes this worse . 
  frankly , you do n't sound far off an old style 1930 's fascist , responding with glee to dictat from the top to enforce their will on others . 
  in short : this post is helping me brexit . 
  i guess he 's not such a ` scary dictator ' as some in brussels are advertising . 
  any excuse for degeneracy in europe . 
  do it in private freakos . 
  the statist eu has already acted to curb free speech . 
  as one member of the public said on today 's question time to the pm : he 's like neville chamberlain waving his bullshit renegotiation paper and yelling ` peace in our time ! ', 
  as the eu becomes a black morass , overriding citizens rights continent wide . 
  that 's easy : the eu is a barrier between us and the rest of anglosphere which have jus commune culture . 
  it would also be the end of the painful anocracy of the eu damaging us and continuously conniving to steal the rights of our people . 
  hello world !, 
  - pro-scottish independence - will also vote to leave the eu on thursday . 
  this is everything wrong with / r/europe : nb : you do n't have to be british to contribute . 
  your post includes everything that is singularly wrongheaded and erroneous in the minds of europhiles . 
  why ? 
  do i ? 
  he 's not far wrong , is he ? 
  : ^ ) should have just said ' 2 beautiful cities ' - brussels and the north belgian metropolis, 
  first paragraph of the article should read , ` in line with recent policies including giving islamic terrorists wrist slaps instead of deportations : canada deploys troops to attack the only country which is taking the fight to isis en masse . ', 
  oh dear , you do n't understand the anglosphere at all !, 
  america, 
  did you know : if britain leaves the eu then the voters are using the black materia !, 
  hashtag #brexitfacts, 
  good .
