sometimes good soccer team . 
  no interaction beyond this !, 
  sweet , i can see home , 
  my company seems to be centralizing their hq in france these days . . but they 'll probably maintain a shell here for tax purposes . 
  with regard to things getting better i honestly have n't been paying that much attention . 
  it 's always been in pretty good shape and there seems to be a lot of opportunities now and on their way . 
  other sectors i could n't really speak to apart from knowing that it 's hard to get a good chemistry-related job ( housemate with phd  ) yeah , a lot of people have emigrated to australia . 
  it keeps the unemployment ratio artificially low because that 's measured by people `` signing on '' for social welfare . 
  if they do n't come back when the economy recovers it will bite us in the balls in the future . 
  hah , me too , which is why i 'm not resentful . 
  no , i saw it coming in decent time and it 's the perfect moment for me to jump ship . 
  i 've already quit and found a ( seemingly ) better job . 
  it 's relatively difficult to just `` fire '' people in ireland . 
  it looks like their plan is to allow natural wastage to trim numbers , replacing leavers in ireland with new starters in bucharest , until there 's very few to `` fire '' and then they 'll make them redundant . 
  here as in ireland , they 're moving the work to bucharest . 
  the profession is software qa and there 's plenty of work available in dublin for experienced testers . 
  they chose to do that because the staff will get 1/3 of our wages and and consider themselves very well paid . 
  the company will take a hit by losing experienced people but they 're compensating by hiring more . 
  haha , yep !, 
  our company is in the process of moving our office from ireland to bucharest . 
  not a big deal , plenty of work here for our profession . 
  ireland has definitely been occupied . 
  i do n't know how you 'd think otherwise ? 
  i mean the `` irish crown jewels '' are in the tower of london . 
  yes , we export our young people so that they 're not unemployed . 
  or the suicide rate . 
  i think there is something seriously wrong with the ecb and imf 's models . 
  it was n't in their interest to make the situation in greece worse , and i do n't think they acted with that intention . 
  that said , they have definitely made the situation worse than it should be . 
  i honestly do n't think they did . 
  their choices were to accept more economy-destroying austerity or try to fight their way into a better deal . 
  they chose the latter and it , unsurprisingly , has n't worked . 
  the former was just a slower course . 
  the sooner greece defaults on its debts the sooner we hit a bottom to work up from . 
   mr. tsipras and varoufakis stepping down and blaming everyone but their own politics there is more than enough blame to go around , i think . 
  this makes me rather happy  i 'd love to see the experiment repeated around the continent . 
  do n't apologise to them , they got a chunk of our island !, 
  different standard of answer expected though . 
  relax , dude !, 
  never feel insulted by anything said by someone who misspells `` its '' . 
  yeah i 'm sure she thought you had more sense than to keep it in your wallet . 
  well if it makes you feel any better , i 'm 27 and about to hop a 3 hour train to get home to vote yes . 
  hey do n't you start moderating the tone of the thread ... 
  if it gets popular and you ca n't apply a consistent approach the irony would be delicious . 
  nah man i just looked it up on citizens information . 
  lone parent with 2 kids gets around 1250e a month . 
  * lone parent = 188 a week . 
  * +2 dependents = 60 a week . 
  * child benefit = 270 a month . 
  * 8 hours min wage = 69 a week . 
  the lone parent figure might be wrong but i 'm on my phone and the relevant page is massive . 
  8 hours minimum wage here will get you about $ 70 . 
  a big mac meal costs about $ 7.50 . 
  it 's not that our minimum wage is super high , it 's that the benefits that come with 2 kids as a single parent ( as per the infographic ) are quite good . 
  my dad knew someone who named his daughter joanna dick . 
  hah that 's actually pretty good . 
  sure is n't sinister latin for left ? 
  the list was russians , to illustrate they poison their own . 
  there was a swiss and and a canadian in the text below . 
  clearly i do n't spend enough time at the bottom of the comments !, 
  not really . 
  native american is redundant . 
  all other ethnicities should be qualified . 
  what 's the colour code ? 
  russia will do something brash this week . 
  yeah but i figured that in a student union this kind of position would usually be taken by a bunch of people talking about it behind the scenes . 
  that guy 's just the mouthpiece . 
  gon na take a stab in the dark at there being a turk with a thing against the ypg involved in that decision . 
  they 've been classified as terrorists there for a while , i think ? 
  i literally laughed out loud when i read the post title . 
  fuck you steppe scum we 're lovely people, 
  so kent ? 
  so tl ; dw several cases of roma abusing the asylum system for economic migration ? 
  can i get a tl ; dw on that 48 minute documentary ? 
  i 'll come to your house round the sicth and show you wot 's wot mate, 
  upvote for idiocy . 
  it 's a population thing , dude . 
  when did that happen , do you know ? 
  capital expenditure is huge for mobile networks . 
  yeah but then there 's yahoo , google , microsoft , ibm , intel ... not to mention the pharmaceutical companies . 
  i 'd like to see the numbers . 
  these absurd tax incentives draw a lot of good jobs to ireland . 
  the government clearly thinks it 's in the country 's best interest to maintain that over getting this once off payment . 
  personally i 'd like to see the forecasts . 
  about 7 % of our national debt . 
  you know how sometimes a law in a specific state gets struck down on a federal level ? 
  it was thought to be legal in the state , but as the state agrees that federal law supercedes state law in certain things , ultimately it had been illegal all along . 
  this is exactly that scenario . 
  the irish government thought it was legal but it is not . 
  i think the commission 's argument is that ireland provided state aid to apple ireland by negotiating a sweet tax deal with them . 
  that 's illegal because it 's interfering in the free market ( by not negotiating the same deal with apple 's competitors ) thus apple as incorporated in ireland should pay its back taxes to remove the advantage they received . 
  the giants ate them : /, 
  also europe is growing fewer crops and more grass ? 
  ca n't be . 
  ours would be primark . 
  the monopoly of media ownership is the critical ingredient . 
  because state run media monopolies end up hiding government scandals and pushing propaganda . 
  i 'm sure he means with regards to the fundamental rights and freedoms as defined by islam . 
  i think the cost of borrowing has actually gone down ( i know that gilts have anyway ) but that 's all that he got wrong and i be even that one will be temporary !, 
  i think what you observed was how much power a minority coalition partner actually has , not what fptp does to smaller parties .
