  if you look at ireland , we 've had mostly coalitions for the last 30 years because of pr . 
  every time the minority partner does n't get to express much power and gets fucked at the polls at the next election . 
  look up our progressive democrats , greens and labour on wiki if you want examples . 
  i do agree fptp is a bit shit , but your cited reason does n't really cut the mustard . 
  i believe they call it exceptionalism . 
  it 's lower than i expected too to be honest !, 
  to be fair there 's more use for them up north !, 
  i think part of it is that we 've been pursuing defence treaties for a few years . 
  there was a big-ish one signed with britain in the last 12 months . 
  i doubt that was free . 
  and that will get you a job in quantitative finance . 
  funny how that works . 
  if there are trade ties there are reasons not to go to war . 
  this was part of the philosophy of the eu at its founding and is as true today . 
  i think we 're joining a uk-led battlegroup in the next year . 
  well this is from 2 years ago : http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/irish-defence-spending-lowest-in-eu-1.1733959 at the end of the day the only country that would invade ireland is britain and there 's very little we could do about that bar the traditional insurgency after the fact . 
  that * really * does not sound like ming . 
  the guy who wore a hemp suit to the dail ? 
  i believe she was !, 
  i used to live with a nice girl who had a niece in nice . 
  i 'm only poking fun . 
  i just moved to london so i 'm on shaky ground for any sort of fingerpointing !, 
  it 's alright son , we 'll send you over a box of barry 's tea and tayto crisps in the next care package . 
  it 's a joke about the irish diaspora . 
  i 'd say it 's the friendliness the foreigners are always on about it . 
  i used to think we were all cunts and the foreigners were crazy , but then i travelled a bit and nearly everyone else is more cuntish than we are . 
  hsbc has a pretty big operation in paris though . 
  my old company sold derivatives management software to that office . 
  seriously though , when and how did italy invade poland ? 
  best i can come up with is ww2 , through the alliance with germany . 
  the issue is complicated by bosnia subsidising the education of these doctors then losing that investment , with no hope of replacing them as cheaply . 
  that said , it strikes me as a domestic policy issue . 
  the education subsidy needs to be contingent on staying in the country for a while - otherwise you pay it back . 
  personally , i 'd advocate that policy for all professional courses . 
  well no ... the question is complicated by the fact that bosnia is subsidising the education of these doctors then losing that investment , with no hope of replacing them with doctors similarly subsidised by other nations . 
  that said , it strikes me as a domestic policy issue , where the education subsidy needs to be contingent on staying in the country for a while - otherwise you pay it back . 
  personally , i 'd advocate that policy for all professional courses . 
  i mean this is such a perfect example . 
  company applies to merge with another . 
  regulator asks about a specific thing cos that would be a problem for competition . 
  company says they wo n't do the thing . 
  merger happens . 
  company does the thing . 
  regulator cracks down on company . 
  this sort of action from the regulator should always happen , and e.g. 
  the us telecoms market would be much better if pre-merger promises were enforced . 
  can ireland have more scotland and less cornwall ? 
  thank you please . 
  born after things were the worst , i guess ? 
  wholly sincere in my shiteing on . 
  quite . 
  meh , it felt that way in ireland . 
  despite receiving egregious amounts of money from the eu it was faceless to us . 
  might be an image thing . 
  for years the eu has seemed a passive bureaucracy accumulating power without communicated justification ( not for lack of trying ) . 
  now since brexit there 's a soft * enemy to stand up and show unity against . 
  * soft : not actually at war with . 
  yeah i was pretty shocked by how lively it was . 
  the locals said that was just a weekend thing , though . 
  it apparently gets very quiet during the week . 
  i was in westport last year for a stag party and we were getting 4.50-5 .00 for a pint ? 
  i 'm not sure we have an expat area in dublin ... but even if we did the only place you 'll get charged 6.50 for 500mls is the tourist trap in temple bar . 
  did you notice sicily ? 
  you 'd fit right in then !, 
  and i figured you were joking , i just like selling ireland to foreigners as i 've never known anyone to ever have a bad holiday here :-), 
  we have beer in great variety !, 
  being a pretty cold country we have a lot of strong tasting stuff as opposed to just crappy tasteless lagers and pilsners . 
  it really is . 
  my only differences ... 
  i 'd regard italians as largely mad , and romanians would be something along the lines of `` gorgeous women , we only see their scumbags in ireland . '', 
  ah now there was talk . 
  there were even rumours they 'd started printing punts just in case it happened . 
  i do n't know anyone who was enthusiastic about the prospect , however . 
  my friend was translating the quote from shanghainese so may have simplified . 
  a friend of mine was raised in ireland but has chinese parents . 
  her mother regularly reminds her to stay out of the sun during summer so that she `` does n't start to look black . '', 
  according to a hungarian friend of mine the opposition left shattered into a bunch of small parties in the past few years and thus there was no coordination when it came to election time . 
  uncoordinated left + unified right = landslide . 
  you could group ireland and the uk for the common travel area . 
  i think it means they ca n't use your money for investments either . 
  having the money in the bank still gives them security . 
  200 were let through when they got travel visas . 
  only 10 were refused because they did n't get their visas sorted out in time . 
  there is really no story here . 
  i was just trying to get him to contradict himself . 
  so you 're fine with them settling in the first country they make it to ? 
  all 's well and good until the natives get restless . 
  source : irish . 
  geez , i dunno , maybe having some basic human ambition to make the best of their own lives ? 
  like turks settling in anatolia rather than armenia ? 
  this is absolute bollocks . 
  do you realise what a fucking mess libya is in right now ?!? 
  or nigeria ?!, 
  qe is printing money and using it to buy governmental bonds . 
  this devalues the currency , while not removing worth from companies . 
  therefore equity appears to rise . 
  how the fuck did it get published on the independent 's website ? 
  i mean there 's a fair bit of feminism i 'd disagree with in there from time to time but this was just plain bigotry . 
  have they no editors ? 
  i do n't know ...
