  is ch in the end of words pronounced like h or like cie ? 
  yeah ... spain . 
  this will be hard . 
  ca n't we just close external borders for migrants ? 
  scary god dammit . 
  what about people from gdansk ( kashubians ) or wroclaw ? 
  what about people from gdansk ( kashubians ) or wroclaw ? 
  yeah , i wonder what kind of differences between them . 
  since for example lithuanian poles sound something like archaic mazovians . 
  per chance this might be the reason why it 's sucks to send something from or over uk ? 
  i can do it , so so half decently . 
  as a history student - i 'm learning them , dzie\u0144 dobry , also we are learning warsaw dialect , like normal polish language , so one day i might speak better polish then poles of lithuania , 
  not sure about schools , but fuck bilingual signs , they are of little use . 
  also poles themselves have put them in places . 
  hmm , no ca n't people understand that the only thing i think of orban is good is his reaction to migrants . 
  it 's survival and integrity rather . 
  yes , also include latvia , maybe estonia , and maybe moldova one day . 
  it 's nit about discrimination , it 's about unity of europe , european/western civilization . 
  i can assure you that not everyone thinks of that in eastern europe . 
  why the fuck is germany more popular then lithuania ? 
  jobs ? 
  well , turkey is a muslim country , while i view it secular then most , it 's still is . 
  and also , it 's true that numbers are not that big , it will depend on if birth rates of migrants will drop , and how well will they assimilate . 
  not exactly under attack . 
  it 's just that migrants may or may not cause shift , and could destroy these values , and , hopefully not , install their own . 
  yes , there is . 
  i do n't like his simpatization with russia you fool . 
  it would be rational . 
  good if it 's true . 
  now , let 's not over our heads , i still dislike orban . 
  people change . 
  i dislike orbans foreign politic , and i would probably would dislike internal one too , if i lived in hungary , but ... 
  they are of different culture , religion , they ca n't speak lithuanian , and it hard to learn , there is no jobs here and they themselves probably do n't want to stay here , like with poland , though personally i would n't mind letting in couple of thousands of them , ideally if they were christian or atheist , maybe secular muslim as well , also i wonder if syrians know russian , that would help them here . 
  i would n't be against relocation of some of that money , but keep in mind that it 's also used for advancement of this region . 
  now talking more about this matter , i think eastern europe does not want migrants at all . 
   unless the other side is employing them that 's what i meant that you kill the other guy before he kills you . 
  you kill him and his buddy and proceed with education of those who did not participate actively . 
  that be said , i doubt that isis has huge support from populace , but i could be wrong on that . 
  also about point suicide bombers . 
  it 's the people who are really ideologically driven . 
  leaders , meanwhile , are busy raping aid workers and leading their `` state '' . 
  that 's right , isis is something else . 
  while other islamic terrorist organizations - well i do n't think we heard statement , but that 's just because different people might join it for different reasons , for ideology , power , money and so on . 
  the latter two are simpler to understand , and reminds me of criminals , while ideology is more difficult , you not only have to kill said terrorists , you have to destroy ideology , much like nazism . 
  not really , you just kill the other guy before he kills you ( or in this case , lock him up ) ... well , you can also use diplomacy , but with isis ? 
   propose the eastern eu forms a block sounds like a plan , could be great if ukraine and belarus joined in one day . 
  language , perhaps values and beliefs . 
  and identity for second and especially third and on generation . 
  it 's good to know that borders of european civilization changed , arguably alexander the great took them as far as indus , while romans to northern africa . 
  of course a brit would say this . 
  and no , european civilization and or brother western civilization is a thing , not even talking about eu . 
  do n't spray me bro . 
  i 'm feeling ... exotic ... today , 
  anyksciai is doing pretty well , they have done much better in tourism then us , that be said moletai area is fairly pristine too . 
  and it 's in comfortable location . 
   your governments ban you from owning guns , not all of them but gun laws do suck in europe . 
  anyksciai is close , i 'm from moletai . 
  traffic jams are not really a thing here , but tourist do leave a lot of trash . 
  in the sense that mayor was frustrated . 
  indeed , send more of your women . 
  no i wont !, 
  go back to mordor you spawn of putin !, 
  i do n't have such bad experience with gypsies . 
  that be said i lived most of my life in small town , so gypsies there were pretty much lithuanians . 
  well , then it is more understandable , still these problems should dealt with practically , phrase of mayor is not here or there . 
  well fuck you too . 
  solidarity my ass . 
  i mean we bend over for every outsider but piss on each other . 
  so much for common european civilization . 
  yeah , well country tourism is good , but i think people are too late , babushka with house near the lakeside can do it too ( everyone would do it if not for those rich pricks from vilnius who bought up lakesides ) . 
  hmm , i think it still could be possible , but maybe not soon and it would depend on political climate . 
  but yes , it would threaten integrity , and i do n't think we need that right now . 
  here , in eastern part people are making stupid countryside tourism areas to launder the money . 
  or squeezing money out of other projects too . 
  a bit of euro nationalism would n't be too bad , but euro not national . 
  and that 's a hard one to get . 
  could they get in back relative fast ? 
  speaking from technical view point . 
  same in lithuania , well except for those cases when money go where they should n't . 
  you have to be . 
  regardless if it 's refugee issue or any other , you may have to make tough decisions . 
  so . . allah is a whore ? 
  seems sensible . 
  i mean they probably do n't have documents about their conditions . 
  also there is worry of viral diseases . 
  at first glance you would think that donald and mickey joined some kind of cult and are sacrificing goat ( or sheep , i ca n't tell ) . 
  should n't ... lesbos ... be haram in islam ? 
  relax . 
  it 's not that kind of gassing . 
  so we won huh ? 
  yes , i do n't watch basketball , oh so heretical . 
   has relatively little experience with large-scale immigration jews . 
  we had a lot of jews , in fact they made majority or big minority in many towns , then ... things happened . 
  but historically there were migrations in here . 
  there , there . 
  i 'm with you . 
  so six donalds for us ? 
  if finland is culturally western then so is poland . 
  lol, 
  i know one and that 's enough for me : anti nato .
