  partitions , polonization . 
  though there were good times of course . 
  still that 's our stance on this . 
   eastern compatriots are still that brainwashed because at least when us fights it fights in middle east . 
  russia is direct danger to us so it 's no wonder that we are anxious . 
  yeah we have sent satellite recently too . 
  we had [ astronaut ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rimantas_stankevi\u010dius ) too but his end is tragic though a bit heroic . 
  unchecked migration and higher population and fertility of muslim populace could though . 
  not really , support people in middle east who are more nationalistic , not religious , do what saudis do in europe but with atheism , return border controls , do n't let anyone in , deislamification , and destroy utterly isis . 
  like a real war . 
  both military against isis and ideologically , with propaganda , propagation of atheism and so on . 
  nobody said the same about nazis huh , germany was de nazified . 
  so let 's deilsamize europe . 
  then answer is not bending over for muslim immigrants , but shattering of religion itself , people who come to europe need to abandon , or change their religion . 
  no he did not , because next step before fixing mess in europe should be total war on islamic terrorism . 
  how about destroying our civilization , imposing their rule in middle east ? 
  making money ? 
  satisfying religious beliefs ? 
  i actually thought you were sarcastic , because i think i saw you earlier comments , but was to lazy to double check . 
  no , they are not . 
  not sure that that would even help , rather find different ways to indoctrinate people to atheism , specifically form islam . 
  what i meant is stop migration from muslims countries , deport those who are violent criminals . 
  i wonder how doping and stuff is widespread among bigger countries , may be we would get more winners from different countries ? 
  indeed , only laws would be good would be those who stop immigration from muslim countries . 
  because it 's 2015 . 
  looks weak though . 
  for some people it does . 
  people are weak minded , afraid of violence , we have good technological level , but weak armies , open borders for immigrants is something like when rome opened borders for germanics fleeing for huns . 
  granted it 's not all the same , it ca n't be , different times . 
  some of us do , rest are pussies . 
  rome got weak and could not defend itself from migrating barbarians . 
  end . 
  waiting frenchies to get pissed off , maybe second revolution will do it . 
  first curfew in paris , since when , 1944 ? 
  do n't let muslims in , for goodness sake , have you not learned enough , how much longer we will be fucking over our society , civilization . 
  poles dammit it 's poles . 
  not that it matters since i view europeans as of same civilization , we can move around , at manageable numbers of course . 
  in the the it does not matter , it will still damage our society . 
  turn hordes back . 
  ship them back/don ' t let them in combo . 
  what do you mean ? 
  it 's 2015 . 
  it was never about fascism for me , it 's about europe , western civilization . 
  and you will bury western civilization in favor of hordes of thirdwolders . 
  make shit of our continent with no improvement for theirs . 
  i will show what needs to be tackled ... 
  ship them away before you can . 
  without housing they will start to roam around . 
  good good , border and beyond . 
  disregard suicides . 
  as for restrictive , i dunno , you certainly an do more and get more ( ammunition , guns ) switzerland then in lithuania . 
  well , some of eurosceptics are against idea of a union in general . 
  perhaps not a mainstream , because that would piss off people on other side of the debate . 
  i do n't have much problem with reformists , if we can call the like this instead of euro sceptics . 
  destructive work ... 
  bunch of people that instead of whining should do something . 
  opium for frustrated , repressed , bored young men in search of meaning ? 
  i do n't think that gun laws are that good in sweden , and it still might not be indicator for these crime rates . 
  like swiss have lax gun laws , but rarely if any shootings . 
   pig fucker well , worse then pig fucker . 
  just think of how good must pig feel . 
   availability of guns , maybe ? 
  doubtful ... 
  #killallbrownmen #rapeallwomen ? 
  well we would n't want to have double standards would we now ? 
  perk\u016bnas management . 
  lulz worked out details . 
  got france too . 
  it 's probably eva greens fault ... 
  i remember doing this before , got czech . 
  what is this ? 
  some kind of trifunctional hypothesis ? 
  kind of looks like something written . 
  tbh , would not have uploaded with such shitty quality , but at least / u/chieftah did not post it before me . 
  nice meandering . 
  well i 'm going to sleep ... spooky halloween for you . 
  he is feken photo stealer , i always want to post one but he does it before me ... just you wait mate . 
  just do n't let him in , is that so hard ? 
  if so , then maybe . 
  that made me laugh . 
  that do sounds something they would say . 
  well drunk . 
  like : davai vodka . 
  that is pretty bad . 
  never piss of soldiers , allies too . 
  how to turks feel about killings in their country these days ? 
  not excluding kurds or anything , but isis or their supporters too . 
  i would be angry and scared . 
  russia has some potential for science , technology , intellectualism , but they dabble in petty nationalism and religiosity ( which is used against certain groups , by the people who i can bet are n't so religious ) . 
  deport to somalia . 
  especially if that majority propagates bad ideas . 
  and there is more to democracy . 
  i mean often you should try to find option sutible for all not only majority . 
  told you so ... stop it before it spreads . 
  which road is this ? 
  it 's pretty much fucked . 
  though i assume during certain hours . 
  never mind if it is eve before all saints day ... 
  people in us banning it , now in russia . 
  people are dumb .
