  just offer it to russia , they can take it back , if they really wanted it  ... they do n't ... 
  good . 
  and probably a fictional character ( what is current secular opinion on it ? ), 
  syriza it is . 
  i agree . 
  i did not say we should not take actual refugees from syria , and we can always take some the other migrants , but selectively , and as long as there will be such mess at our borders we should close them , and work from there . 
  umm , i 'm for legalizing drugs ( though at the same time i believe it 's better to avoid them ) , so no , it 's not because people like me . 
  yes , i 'm waiting when oil will become less important all together/and we will have alternatives . 
  then say bye bye to influence , oil exporters . 
  hey , saudi arabia could use some freedoms too , and hopefully , once us can abandon saudi , we will see them crushed . 
  would it politicly incorrect to call for destruction of political salafism , expelling of these preachers , and giving praise to those muslims who resist them , snitch them out ? 
  fuck you people , i 'm for using [ solutions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/life_extension ) that befit [ advanced ] ( http://www.wallstreetdaily.com/2015/07/11/japan-healthcare-robots/ ) civilizations . 
  then it 's all good . 
  well eu unity is always at risk , to bad our powers that be spurt heart bleeding slogans instead show solidarity not to outsiders , but to each other , europeans . 
  stop taking in migrants from outside eu . 
  just stop . 
  good, 
  `` take in migrants or you are scum '' . 
  young commies ? 
  meme worthy tbh . 
  childrens crusade . 
  sounds like blackmail . 
  that 's certainly a better `` punishment '' . 
  i do not visit those places , so ... faaack youuu . 
  why is it only game of thrones , i 've seen it used elsewhere . 
  tell that to swedish politicians . 
  indeed . 
  though i 'm certain that some are trolls . 
  i personally trolled youtube lifestreams on more then one occasion , but certainly they not all are trolls . 
  germany is like a head of europe . 
  it get 's wacky and soon you can feel pain all over your body ( us in the nutshell ) . 
  let me guess without watching : almost nothing . 
  did i got it right ? 
   cargo-200 i wonder how many of those have returned to russia these past years , to rot in motherland . 
  well , do it in open seas . 
  something is fishy . 
  because emigration should not be taken light hearted and be controlled , in the nutshell . 
  we will have over step some of our values for that , sadly , but what do you expect ? 
  eastern europe , as a periphery is still not fully integrated into western world , so you should not expect that muslim word will be either . 
  austria what are u doin . 
  i would understand him , being lithuanian myself :d , but seriously , i do n't wa n't myself involved in this debate , i do n't know that new mod well , and leave it for mod teams judgement . 
  not that sub ca n't voice their opinion mind you . 
  ok but , sub , please let 's not get on witch hunt , i think mods are stressed enough as it is . 
  he is too important imo , besides he knows how to run sub . 
  new batch of a grade enrichment , just for you austria . 
  tsk tsk, 
  ahhhh , i see . 
  indeed , though there are other books . 
  where is it ? 
  would be interesting to sail with those big sail ships , but without motors helping . 
  did i did something wrong ? 
  you are talking about afghan war movie ? 
  if so , know that there were lithuanians that went there ... my father could have been drafted there , but instead he was sent to estonia . 
  bye , lithuania , i 'm moving out . 
  why not ? 
  imagine all the kabab you could remove . 
  i have that in mind . 
  reminds me of roman empire walls and barbarian invasions . 
  yeah , but then we will have to choose , let in unlimited number or apply force . 
  so yeah , you would need fence up half of hungary , a little portion of slovakia , poland would be hard to fence up , but i 'm sure they could still turn the tide . 
  and then ? 
  people can do a lot of things if they care enough . 
  it 's imports , but i do n't think that that 's the problem , our own production is shipped off . 
  maybe it 's because markets set up such prices together creating monopoly . 
  yes food is fucken pain . 
  how i wish i could put my conciousness in mechanical body , and just stick batteries up my ass when i need it , or oil joints . 
  as opposed to gassing them in trains / s, 
  i took me time to understand what you meant , i understood it differently at first :d, 
  is n't forced female quota is against equality , suppose you are skilled man/woman and you do n't get place in said work just because of you gender , even if you are most skilled candidate . 
  well i have former , but i sorely lack the latter . 
   i 'm going to hell for this , but at least i have you to keep me company . 
  do you want to go to heaven were angles life ? 
  or hell , and sin and indulge , with me ...  also pork sausage eh ? 
  sexual innuendo if i ever saw one . 
  how about cold beer and blow job ? 
  that you will be able to see coming very easily . 
  next - militias . 
  so what more do they want ? 
  did not like the part about christianity , i think we should do with less of it , but if we need this opium to muster ourselves then so be it . 
  i guess , but i do n't think they will get as far as here . 
  unless you mean we will be forced to take them . 
  wait !, 
  send them to liberland !, 
  watch out , they might start sending boats ... 
   we will need lots of police and aras why ? 
  i missed some news ? 
  true but may be we should cut our losses on this , and later focus on the long term , helping people in africa and middle east so that they wo n't leave . 
  but that 's for long term . 
  indeed , that could be problematic , it also would mean that border checks would selectively return for some countries . 
  like form italy to austria , from hungary to austria . 
  but deeper borders might not be affected so much . 
  yes . 
  now hungary will have to reinforce croatian - hungarian border . 
  or how about we close external borders , keep internal ones open and still travel without visas ? 
  would that be impossible ? 
  looking from this map it looks like we need to reinforce 3 choke points of italy , greece , bulgaria . 
  give them moneys and personal to defend border . 
  there is shortage of jobs , not workforce , it 's not uk or germany or something . 
  thanks . 
  ok , thanks .
