  somehow i do n't think so . 
  i 'm not lithuania . 
  accept that it 's uk that is being difficult , these demands basically mean that you do n't want negotiate . 
  and i want us . 
  switzerland . 
  lol , well now ... at this point it would n't be easier to kick uk out ? 
  yeah , old town looks german . 
  yeah , your business men like our strippers . 
  i guess that 's why they placed strip club near hotel . 
  it 's like they want them fighting ... 
  it 's kind of strange that in some countries , like estonia , atheists are less received then catholics . 
  why hezbollah ? 
  this not big criticism , but it feels like uk wants to opt out of everything these days . 
  this reminds me . 
  i always walk past two italian restaurants on my way to university . 
  one is just classical restaurant , owned by lithuanians i assume , it has pizza and so on . 
  and there is another one , which is by institute of italian culture or something like that , no pizzas there , i was surprised at first , but it makes sense , i mean pizza these days is eaten by a lot of people . 
  and italians are probably sick tired of people associating them with pizza alone . 
  nah , you see it means that you fallow some bad ideas . 
  you would surprised but there are certainly people that would , same way in the africa , people there lost trust in their governments . 
  if we would take over we could help them ( or some of them rather ) to improve their countries , but it would not be profitable for us , at least not in the long run . 
   sure we can , we could probably also establish puppet governments across all ofafrica and effectively colonize it again ... yeah , why not . 
  it would benefit them more then us though . 
  so ... you think all culture are the same ? 
  if you do something that saudi arabia does not like , chances are you are doing something right , at least if you belong to western civilization . 
  [ here . 
  ] ( https://lt.wikipedia.org/wiki/mol\u0117t\u0173_herbas#/media/file:coat_of_arms_of_moletai_\\ ( lithuania \\ ) . png ) key is a symbol for administrative centre , while gulls symbolize nature , beauty of nature , and many lakes that are in mol\u0117tai district . 
  [ yep ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_orthodox_church#/media/file:orthodoxcross.svg ), 
  why is putins pendant-cross is catholic cross ? 
  apples , though there is none in my gardens this year . 
  also , for plants that i grow , harwes is more or less over . 
  yes , you can , with some , mostly young . 
  but that does not mean that two cultures can exist in one country . 
  same problem as with most of these maps , it does not take munch into consideration , like can new countries be economically stable , can their populace even speak together and so on . 
  less conflicts , perhaps more advancements . 
  also , you can see it , i thought it was auto removed . 
  photo stealer, 
  [ also , this one is even better ] ( https://scontent-waw1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xtp1/v/t1.0-9/12074562_1079281705417357_3165927706425000162_n.jpg?oh=5230f4c1eb11ed84bcebaac79af83388&amp;oe=568a93c1 ), 
  damm you / r/chieftah i wanted to post this . 
  this guy again . 
  he was talking about extremes after all . 
  i actually more or less agree with you on all counts except of ukraine . 
  maybe less with some other points . 
  i can tell you that there is no such party to vote for really , but maybe there will be one . 
  well , that too it is relatively simple . 
  i 'm only familiar with two . 
  polish and russian . 
  russian is a drunk mans speech , i 'm sorry . 
  while polish can be son of the bitch tongue twister and sometimes can even sound southern . 
  take immigrants , make them part of civilization , send them back , profit . 
  not really ... 
  it just sounds mediterranean that is all . 
  there was big outcry here and this region in general about norwegians stealing children . 
  kybartai would have fit in better . 
  futurama predicted it . 
  what if all border with russia was radioactive ? 
  cheeki breeki all the time ? 
  dis gon na be gud . 
  they know where they can stick it . 
  bronze for the third place . 
  first you say ? 
  ... * sniffs and breaths in loudly * ... 
  well for starters there is lack of male role model for boys in school , secondly male figure could bring more discipline to the class room . 
  also there is plenty of males who would like to be teachers ( including me ) , that be said this female dominance only makes it easier for men who want to be teachers to get jobs . 
  i use it , do n't even have license . 
  why do n't buy those tougher material bags ? 
  visited park next door for the first time , saw based squirl running around , life , first time in my life . 
  i think our teachers would kill for teacher wages in western europe . 
  add secularism to the list . 
  assimilation is must otherwise we will create segregated communities that will breed bad ideas , eventually we ourselves might get assimilated . 
   norway wont keep them out either can confirm . 
  parts of russia , ukraine . 
  where under golden horde too . 
  plus tatars . 
  you need final solution ? 
  i always seen this as some sort of victim blaming . 
  basically right gone wrong . 
  never mind , looked them up . 
  fools . 
  we have like of those here too . 
  what is onr brygada podlaska ? 
  that is yatviag blood calling  :d, 
  i thought as much , also iukas too probably ? 
  indeed they were not . 
  / u/anoneuropoor hit some things here . 
  you ca n't define europe just by geography because it 's too hard , since europes borders are unclear , and secondly there are zones within and outside of europe ( in geographical sense ) that may or may not be considered european in culture . 
  it is not hard to see this in history . 
  northern africa could have been considered part of european under roman rule , while scandinavia or ireland not . 
  even hellenic states in asia could have been considered european . 
  that be said all of this is a bit arbitrary and depends on what you consider europe and european , as well as european and or western civilization . 
  i advise reading remi brague , gerard delanty , o. halecki , and perhaps samuel huntington on this . 
  https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/category:lithuanian_suffixes take your pick , since i do not know ones from other languages . 
  you buy good winter jacket and you can wear it for many years , and this will be some cheap shit . 
  have they been targeting kurds or some other minorities ( who do druze support right now ) ? 
  if so i would be pissed off . 
  but isis , assad and al nusra i could care less . 
  do n't take me wrong on this , i do not sympathize with russia , or countries like saudi arabia , but is funny to see everyone jumping on it . 
  to much of pc , multiculturalism . 
  i did not say you were n't . 
  in case you 're wondering .
