  not really in these parts . 
  i mean lithuanian conservatives are probably biggest critics of putin here . 
   baltic people were always dominated by other people , and culturally and historically related to slavs , as they have in language similarities . 
  i would not be sure on dominated part , but sure we did have a lot if interaction with slavs and germanics , and , during early iron age , finns . 
  https://www.google.com/search?q=dnieper+balts&amp;client=opera&amp;hs=gtt&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=659&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0cayq_auoawovchmix4-xxqavxwivrl8uch1fuwpy and wow , i never thought you would talk about , `` our people '' , `` dominated '' . 
  feels bad men , but then again you are not spokesperson for all poles . 
  they really want to justify their lives huh ... 
  zombies ? 
  balts once inhabited whole dnieper basin . 
  ama deo , i will that you sometimes hate us . 
  thanks for links . 
  well not all of them are from libya . 
  most of them seem to be baroque style ( i loathe later period castles ) or maybe romanesque . 
  not gothic . 
  and no trakai castle . 
  well fuck you too . 
  or me . 
  african children could 've eaten that food ... 
  do n't get it . 
  also dislike people who use `` smh '' . 
  annoying facebook/tumblr feminists use it . 
  i beg to differ . 
  i was called a racist in this sub and some other places too . 
  and i like to think i 'm at least moderately coherent . 
  ahh ... who i 'm kidding ... 
  yeah . 
  i guess this is where russian youth and lithuanian youth differs . 
  i guess it 's matter of education , and old gramps talking to their grand kids about `` the old days '' . 
  heh , some old people still somewhat idolize smetona 's lithuania . 
  even do it was autocratic regime . 
  any videos or links ? 
   is n't scratching his balls in his palace like the queen of uk is, 
  yes . 
  let slavs and germanics fight . 
  then balts will rise again . 
  i know . 
  people just want to steal potatoes from kolchoz again . 
  well some of those people did have it better during soviet union , so there 's that . 
  see if i care . 
  should have been anti communist , but oh well . 
  it 's not my job to tell them how to do it . 
  but synagogue or jewish cemetery would have made more sense . 
  would make personal union with her . 
  yes . 
  my transhumanist dreams come true . 
  heh , do we live in early 20th century ? 
  2 problems . 
  atomic bombs , and in conventional war , a lot of casualties . 
  also i imagine it could induce economic crisis . 
  i likes these interactive thingeys . 
  first try , aaaand . 
  turkish camp . 
  great . 
  i like it . 
  good . 
  i wish people were more interested in such things , i mean i assume that genetically and perhaps culturally region is somewhat unique , but language is dead . 
  that be said i can understand people not wanting to learn languages even if it 's a heritage . 
  not really . 
  not all documents are in polish and russian for starter , and those documents can have nothing to do with vilnius . 
  it can foreign annals mentioning lithuania for example . 
  kind of sad , it 's almost extinct . 
  and cornish ? 
  they have to be joking ... 
  well i 'm still not sure if i 'm going to be full time historian ( that 's not even a thing ) , i mean it 's not a profession . 
  i though mainly about education , museum work or maybe heritage preservation . 
  academic texts yeah , but what about source material ? 
  i heard a lot of it is not translated . 
  i guess i could translate it someday , 
  i remember couple of polandball comics on this . 
  what kind of subject ? 
  everyone talks about girls , figures . 
  i rarely hear something interesting from strangers , but i remember when i was a kid , there were korean tourists near my town , by the lake . 
  i basically made friends with one korean kid because i knew some english . 
  i was what ? 
  13 or something , maybe younger . 
  sounds pretty dystopian right there . 
  ahhh, 
  wait , i 'm confused . 
  what has vilnius do with it ? 
  not really . 
  reason we learn polish or russian in university is because historical sources are written in it . 
  i 'm going to study history remember ? 
  yeah , younger people do n't learn or take it seriously . 
  i did not either , and now i 'm moving to vilnius to study history , and first semester will be polish and russian languages . 
  fuck my life . 
  yeah , love this channel . 
  yeah happens . 
  that be said it was couple of years since outage where i live . 
  ok , then i rather kick out uk , get scotland independent and in eu and still get federal eu . 
  martel alive ( not that way though ) , removing kebab . 
  indeed . 
  would be a good kick in a butt . 
  do n't make me confused , i want one and do n't want the other . 
  i dislike people who think like that about guns , or other types of weapons . 
  for my guns are for self defence ( but hopefully never to use it ) and as a hobby . 
  heh , were she got it ? 
  raising undead army . 
  to fight muslims of course . 
  farage le fol . 
  more importantly , could they join eu ?
