  they might get angry again , 
  that 's the point . 
  do n't forget cornish . 
  kind of should be careful with reparations when talking with germans ... 
  i said it before i will say it again : i will write my congressmen . 
  oh and `` thanks putin ! '', 
  air of the city makes you free ... 
   liberators yeah german nationalism ( not to be confused with nazis and chauvinism ) was fucked up after the war real good it would seem ... 
  not in lithuania :d, 
  this as a student i very much do n't like . 
  education should educate , give you basic knowledge , you know , and skills for critical thinking , and questioning of authority ;p though of course that 's not going to happen . 
  that 's kind of bad . 
  mainly for pr ( even if he is not neo nazi ) , and does ukraine lack able officers from normal armed forces ? 
  it was a joke ... 
   vancouver the place i know because of mass effect ... 
  i know it 's embracing ... 
   sinicization wtf is that ? 
  looks it 's the ukip guy !, 
  stone the apostate !, 
  you are not even form same continent !, 
  ^ thought ^ sometimes ^ you ^ sure ^ as ^ hell ^ feel ^ like ^ europeans ... 
  i guess space is more important to us even in situation that we have today . 
  but i 'm ok and a bit surprised with this . 
  oh i know that . 
  but he likes to kill what he wants to . 
  i mean for mercenary it 's just a job . 
  anyway ... man of war does what men of war do . 
  sure, 
  now that you mention that is kind of true . 
  i wonder why ... 
  just heard about this in the news . 
  came here to see what turks think :d, 
  hmm i wonder what he would say if he was about to be executed . 
  either he is socio-path and lacks empathy therefore he might actually not be afraid or he will turn into snivelling , crying slob of meat . 
  i know . 
  but i did not tell that russia = bad , west = good . 
  well russia is kind of bad right now , from my point of view i mean it 's subjective . 
   red army arrived in the east as liberators yeah we got liberated the shit out of us . 
  soviet union fuck yeah !, 
  not you , you idiot . 
  you are nato kebab . 
  today is easter so ... 
  that 's ok . russia sends it 's regards and tanks to prague . 
  it was fun the last time , no ? 
  with my family . 
  took a stroll by the river too . 
  was she polish ? 
  lithuanian ? 
  or maybe a mix ? 
  batka is at it again ? 
  first of all baltic 's hearth of fascism ? 
  what ? 
  we we newer were fully socialist or fascists . 
  also for those marches well ca n't talk about latvia or estonia but in lithuania neo nazis can march if they want but most people do n't care , nazi symbols are illegal and we celebrate independence day . 
  know your enemy well ... 
  i mean it makes sense . 
  they can choose when they have ability to do so . 
  then again would that intervention be free ? 
  more like opportunistic ally . 
  us fights isis that is ( not openly ) supported by saudi 's . 
   east asians because they are fairly secular and adapt well . 
   i 'm just saying that in order to live peacefully with each other we have to change our rhetoric , forget the past and move on to the stars . 
  every country does this and russia is not exception either . 
  yes russification was done by russian empire while soviets done sovietization . 
  do n't have enough money for meaningful air force sadly . 
  india and china ;d, 
  stay . 
  need someone to balance things out + keep europe united . 
  tap water cleaner in poland ? 
  lol ... 
  i think they know that russia sucks in general but it is also their ally in some matters or something . 
  or might there be no racism huh, 
  they are probobly used of this ;d, 
  well they will have to adapt one way or another . 
  welp i still fail to see racism . 
   greeks turning against the orthodox oh god , mythology still plays heavy part in your politics ? 
  we have seen it all ... 
  yeah wtf is going on ... 
  wait found info . 
  he fell in with a car . 
   people put almost zero effort into actually understanding why one might find such a phenomenon offens because they do n't fucking care because it 's tradition . 
  same way i would n't care if somone said that lighting bonfires in spring is racist or something . 
  my point still stands and that text reinforces my opinion more . 
  it 's just a color to me and i personally do n't see making fun of it racist . 
  same way that i do n't get mad when black people make jokes about whites . 
  i do n't think painting your face black means your are racist . 
  it does not mean that i see blacks inferior race too . 
  period . 
  and i 'm not from colonial european nation so i 'm less sensetive about this . 
  not sure if i fallow . 
  well true i have ideology . 
  it 's my own and it 's lump of many ideas and diffferent stances on them . 
  i think that makes me individualist though thats also lumping people into gruop . 
  so painting onself inplies slavery ? 
  and what if black person paints himself white ? 
  after all white people were enslaved too . 
  for the fun . 
  yes . 
  who disagrees lift up the hands ... 
   good on russia for having freedom of speech ...
