  i see what you did here ... 
   they all are poor and we do n't know anything about them the pot calling the kettle black, 
  we need alternative energy ... 
   european civilization has christian roots . 
  that is a fact . 
  thia has little to do with business . 
  remove religion, 
  baltics - hobits poland - gendalf, 
  easy, 
  it all makes sense now . 
  ok so polan the grey will send 3 baltics to carry ring and throw it into volcano ? 
  so kremlin this way ? 
  portal ? 
  emperor of mankind ... me . 
  heh if not we and poles you would be russia . 
  our ancestors fucked russia over without even knowing it . 
  german imperialism and historic revisionism are lol the fuck ? 
  heeeyyy . 
  nice . 
  yeah :d + i like how the god says that there are other gods , and he also has megalomania refers to himself as `` i 'm your lord '' and kills countless amounts of hebrews . 
  basically it 's a jewish historical epic . 
   demographics predictions ehh we are still slowly dying off ... 
  yeah but you can kill ( you must ) if someone works on sunday ( or rather saturday ) , polygamy is also allowed at least in old testament . 
  and so one . 
  i wish people would read the damm thing . 
  here is the thing . 
  you have to choose . 
  what would be of countries if every year someone would vote on breaking away . 
  that 's bad side of federal countries i guess . 
  it kind of makes sense because it 's relevant to this day and age . 
  i mean just read the bible and it 's rules for example : do n't mix the fabrics , do n't boil lamb in it 's mothers milk . 
  i mean who gives a shit for these cryptic laws from bronze age ? 
  internet on the other hand is relevant . 
  riiiight ... 
  hey did not know that . 
  hmm looked up our statistic we are fairly tall on average too . 
  i think historians noticed that too from old archaeological finding when they become longer . 
  so what ? 
  vote every other year from now on ? 
  polan into armor ? 
  not going to work . 
  were would you put people ? 
  and they ca n't stay independent because they would too poor and they do n't want to join us or poland either . 
  so that 's why i think it remained in russia 's control for so long , well that , and it 's also important base . 
  if it 's possible then yeah . 
  we already have that . 
  i 'm fucking learning that right now and it 's one of more boring parts of our history . 
  it 's a training if we ever need to deflect one . 
  good , i like more control over our solar system . 
  dammit you made me cry ... 
  nah you do n't understand . 
  i like the `` feel '' of nobility . 
  then why do some british people have this naming system ? 
  in lithuania it 's usually just a name and surname , or if first name is pagan origin you get second one christian if your baptised of course but it 's not used anywhere . 
  na it does not mean anything . 
  also our surnames might be weird but so says the guy who has 5 or so names . 
  or is just english people that are like that ? 
   klaipeda and kaunas the fuck ... 
   that game which one ? 
  sorry for not getting reference ... 
  i know that technically it 's not that different . 
  but not thanks unless i 'm starving i 'm not going to eat dog . 
  so is of commonwealth time again , 
  yes but we were not as hardcore rulers like mongols were . 
  we just basically put our order there while native populace could do as it please well for the most part since later on most orthodox nobles could no be officials . 
  oh for godness sake ... 
  i 'm not talking about bringing back liberum veto :d i 'm just into historical stuff so that 's that . 
  i know perfectly well that they are not demi gods or something . 
  did you even read my original comment ? 
  no need to put your frustrations on me . 
   shitty field rations and what would be that ? 
  one kurwa too many ... 
  umm why the hell do they need to be sterilized ? 
  that 's fucked up . 
  that feel of class , history and relevance . 
  also i 'm interested in history and to feudalism , nobility , dynasties to be specific . 
  i do n't live in one ( i wish i did ) . 
  it will last as long as there are descendants and peasants do n't revolt :d, 
  that sounds very desperate ... 
   there should be a united eu coast guard , imo yep . 
  we could send ships and do n't let them rust in water . 
  assuming we have ships you need though . 
  austrians be like : `` ummm ... sure dudes ... '', 
  indian . 
  do n't ask how or why ... 
  umm why the hell do they eat it ? 
  do they do n't have food ? 
  translate me what are they saying . 
  yeah . 
  that 's what i though . 
  you know it would be easier that they they stop bullshiting us . 
  veeery specific ... 
  will look into it . 
  too easy . 
  i did asia one instead . 
  100 and africa was 88 or something . 
  possibly . 
  but if it 's like 45 ? 
  wtf is unclassified transactions ? 
  being in charge means equality huh ?
