  the rest brits can figure our for themselves . 
  looks like that some volga bolghars are still migrating . 
  you know what that means ... 
  fences, 
  very good . 
  though i always assumed , they are different from thair neighbours , arabs . 
   remember how we saved you from the commies hmm ... 
  strange , ca n't quite remember . 
  i love when psyche betrays humans . 
  it 's amazing how religion can be ditched and or changed at whim or need . 
  basically you need to fence up all of hungary and croatia now , and a butt load of police / army personal to keep them away . 
  hmm , i wonder how many of them are atheist , in closet . 
  i was waiting for that . 
  i will lend my support for this cause . 
  sometimes it 's better to go for easier option ... 
  people are bored it would seem . 
  no , but system will have to change , in general things will have to change , and that is a good thing . 
  who 's that . 
  that is kind of fucked up . 
  i do n't think eating more then enough is very good . 
  i will be investing thank you very much , and i 'm in no hurry to go to pension . 
  we should rather look into reasons why people leave their countries , and help them there.and i 'm not the only one who thinks like this , there are like minded people from other `` side '' . 
  speaking of that , i wonder if one they these migrants wo n't become what jews were to germans . 
  we wo n't need one ... 
  if you know what i mean . 
  lol there is plenty of paintings with full frontal nudity and his one is oh so terrible that they censored it ? 
  nobody , and everybody . 
  well liveleaks can be crude at times , still you know what you are getting yourself into when you see the name . 
  prague , yeah . 
  eventually , i mean that 's the plan right ? 
  let the machines do the work , while humans can either go for art or entertainment or philosophy and understanding of universe ? 
  yeah , but situation is different . 
  maybe it will buy time the mayor has asked . 
  mine, 
  as far as i know they like middle easterners too , well provided that they are cultured and out going . 
  oh come on czech ... is there any reason for this by the way ? 
  pressure ? 
  that 's a big problem ... 
  unacceptable problem ... 
  yeah i remember outcry when a guy from rosetta mission came in with that shirt with scantly clad women ... 
  even though the shirt was made by his female friend . 
  i would like to apply for asylum . 
  get free language courses . 
  yes . 
  i 'm not even in uk . 
  `` those poor people '' `` what happened '' `` they send them to romania '' `` jesus ... '', 
  well in lithuania you do n't really see turkish women at all . 
  also we say that our women are the most beauty full , and latvian and polish as well . 
  i 'm sure you can find some that are . 
  yes , instead let 's give all the money to the migrants ... 
  oy vey , why is that ? 
  maybe , but not so much in old town . 
  well it 's not like vilnius lacks street art , it lacks it in places where it should not be imo , like old town , but those old soviet blocks ? 
  paint them . 
  hmm it seems to me that vilnius old town is cleaner of street art then kaunas , then again , i 'm new . 
  what ? 
  oh , fuck of nyt , with your multicultural values and open borders . 
  perfect , just what i had in mind . 
   european girl got lucky on holiday and found herself a exotic toyboy speaking of that , i kind would like to date some turkish gals , 
  hey , i said no such thing . 
  comments . 
  they will be fighting till the end of time and beyond . 
  well turks not , but what about kurds ? 
  well , isis really needs to be destroyed , as a state . 
  as a group , it 's ideology needs to be destroyed , and you know what that means , there is no easy way to do that . 
  apparently . 
  maybe it will end some day . 
  indeed most of them are , well except regions with polish majority or considerable minority and some cities with russian minorities . 
  but , but ... do they not come to europe to escape war and persecution ? 
  give me homogeneous city , or is it racist to ask ? 
  it has to be wiped out too . 
  you do n't agree ? 
  too much of them pro putinist assholes . 
  at least they are not in certain camps . 
  well isis needs to wiped out , ground attack or not . 
  he is right , sorry . 
  i 'm not ukrainian . 
  i remember winter from couple years age . 
  it snowed for maybe one week , and that 's it . 
  and i also remember other winter maybe 4 years ago , it snowed so much that we dig up hills of snow . 
  i gave up predicting it . 
  anyways , winter is coming . 
  so you are from zimbabwe huh ... do they have jokes about currency ? 
  how do you know ? 
  indeed . 
  i agree with ama_deo for once . 
   all of which are wildly impractical or fiscally impossible . 
  how are you gon na make this miracle drug work and be cheap enough for the entire general population within 50 years ? 
  it wo n't be a drug , it will most likely be set of treatments . 
  check out fightaging.org  as long as they can participate as regular members of the community , they will be okay . 
  sure , if they 're islamic values become majority , then there will be no problem . 
  in that regard ;p  there will be as the native population really starts to contract . 
  this is very long-term stuff . 
  perhaps . 
  but i 'm counting on automatization for whipping floor before that happens . 
  but it is a stretch . 
   most of the leading economies have shrinking native populations i find this rather shitty option , and would rather invest money into anti ageing and rejuvenation technologies , or at least bigger native families . 
   like , you might not like their religions if it 's fundamentally against my values ? 
  not a chance . 
   giving them welfare is one thing that would prevent massive segregation and discrimination .
