  taking away their welfare is n't gon na help jack shit , i promise that . 
  but job training , language teaching , etc are all obviously important services that can be offered without bias . 
  there are , for instance , plenty of syrian refugees in germany who have technical training , such as being a doctor , but can not use their skills because of their non-fluent german speaking . 
  not saying that people should not get welfare . 
  and i do n't think that there is huge shortage of labour . 
  well , they can be better at being worse ? 
  because they are probably not equal . 
  i mean for starters they are not same , diversity , remember ? 
  and besides this rule should not be there because of criticizing cultures , it should be for post made by some going saying that all jews should be killed or something like that . 
  i have read it , not all of it though . 
  and you can find some bad shit in new testament too . 
  and i do n't care what jesus may or may have not done . 
  why ? 
  because i 'm an atheist , to me this shit does not matter , well in that regard at least . 
  meh , i care not about them . 
   will significantly carry over into second-generation syrian-europeans ? 
  i think not , which is a saving grace . 
  that be said , i always hear that this is biggest migrant crisis since wwii , some maybe big numbers will leave bigger impact ? 
  but how it will work i do n't know , not sure on best assimilation policies either , but it should probably involve anti segregation , and at the same time dispersion , break down of muslim migrant communities . 
  that could make them more involved with local community and perhaps making their children to adapt to local life style . 
  that be said , i do n't think we should be just letting them in , giving them welfare , and leaving them in their communities . 
  lithuanian most archaic , all other indo european languages smell , remove form premises . 
  no somebody take it away , since i 'm to lazy to do these copy pastas . 
  you could say , making europe more conservative , though maybe that would not be the best term . 
  in a sense i would prefer less people who are against homosexuality , abortion , womens rights , and most importantly , scientific advancements . 
  some try , some do n't . 
  i mean many christians do n't even read bible , or if they do , they cherry pick . 
  you know , when issues on homosexuality , abortion , or more importantly for me , genetics , come in play ? 
   have you just not experienced a lot of diversity in your life ? 
  i have , this past year . 
  and i have no strong feelings either way . 
  thing is , i like people , but as individuals . 
  and if we make this perspective relevant , then for example , i do n't have such big problem with a syrian who came across the border , saving himself . 
  but i have problem with thousands of them coming and changing social structure . 
  i mean , i said somewhere that we could use less religious people then more . 
  that be said evrything could be managed with assimilation policies that make more sense , but more importantly in finding ways to stop migration , be it refugees , economic migrants , ecological migrants . 
  so you could say that i have bigger empathy then most , because i care not for thousands that come here , but for millions that are left behind ;p, 
  still , we ca n't be sure on percentages . 
  and i 'm somewhat of an anti-theist or something similar . 
  so it 's not about islam alone , in fact when it comes to lithuania alone , islam plays pretty much no role . 
  well , i mean i 'm fairly liberal on religion , on personal level . 
  but once it starts dripping into politics , ethics and so on , i can get angry . 
  and i do n't think it 's possible to separate personal beliefs completely so . 
  i can say that religion can be great motivator in politics , art though . 
  first thing , how do we know that percentage is correct , but more importantly , i was not focusing on our culture vs islam . 
  i was talking about rule of sub reddit itself . 
  and i also do not agree that it 's right to say that one culture is better then other at everything , it just might be better at some things . 
  not that it neceserally matters because humans are individualistic , and cultures can also change . 
  plants do n't have conciousness , i believe . 
  as for empathy ? 
  what of it ? 
  were have i denounced it ? 
  well i do have conciousness , so probably no . 
  i should react somehow to that ? 
  true . 
  and i 'm not saying we should n't criticize cultures . 
  thing is though that you ca n't really `` tell '' if one culture is better then other . 
  i mean overall . 
  if one country has better let 's say social freedoms then it is better at that , but not really better at other things . 
   cultures or races are incapable of cohabiting . 
  found it to be poorly thought out rule . 
   baguettes i like them so there is that . 
   islamic `` university '' why even allow such things exist ? 
  are n't christian schools bad enough ? 
  we need less religious people , not more . 
  not lithuania . 
  things he says about nato ? 
  that 's a no no . 
  we are ... 
  cautious . 
  in other words : do n't get involved . 
  well i 'm neither left or right ... 
  indeed, 
  i wonder which part of poland . 
  glory for kurdistan !, 
  sorry eh , turkey !, 
  at least it was beating ... 
  conscription ? 
  i would rather not . 
  but if there is no other option ... 
  joining ? 
  if i was not obese and did not have anything to do ? 
  sure !, 
  i would say burn it . 
  but nahh , it still important for as architecture monument . 
  i just wish it was important just for that . 
  well if it 's important for heritage then it could be moved to special museum for soviet era objects . 
  similar to what we did with grutas park . 
  then again , these statues were not made `` in '' soviet era . 
  no it 's not wrong , and i think we should be able to say that . 
  then again , do n't be surprised to find people who say otherwise . 
   if i 'd risk my life and paid good money to a guide to smuggle me out of a war torn country i would probably do so too . 
  thing is though i no longer care about those 100k migrants that are coming in . 
  i just made peace with that and realised that best we can do with them is integrate and assimilate them . 
  problem is that i do n't any decent plan how to prevent migration , assimilate current migrants , deal with conflicts and so on . 
  what i see is constant in fighting between eu member states , that 's what frustrates me the most currently . 
  yeah . 
  well depends were you live in lithuanian public it 's other way around , though understandably since islam does not play any role here . 
  voted for them too . 
  refugees are concentrating in certain spots though , in rich countries .
