  should they be destroyed ? 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  should they be traded with russia for some goodies ? 
  but that 's just my opinion . 
   citizen should be annoyed . 
  yeah ... annoyed that they took such a god damm long time to take them off . 
  sure i can see him wanting to touch other topics . 
  for statues , we do have whole bunch of historical figures , problem is , a lot of them are also symbols of lithuanian statehood so soviets did not allowed that , art , especially art that involved history or social issues ( moral bankruptcy of soviet society and destruction of culture of lithuanian countryside ) had to be covered by allegories ( that 's why our poetry of that time was much more better and popular , because it 's easier to mask true intentions behind it ) , also some historical themes were allowed , like heroic wars with teutonic order , which is understandable . 
  now seriously , russia , let 's trade . 
  we have whoooole [ assortment of merchandise ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gr\u016btas_park ) we could trade . 
  absolutely haram ... 
  heh , see what you did here . 
   lithuanian sculptors one of them said he forced to make such sculpture , i mean you know what times they lived , art was very much controlled by the state . 
  you had to make ideological material to be successful artist . 
  yes , take them back and worship as much as you like . 
  will we have immigration mega thread 52 ? 
  because i do n't see immigration slowing down any time soon . 
  get out of here stalker . 
  well maybe patient would be grateful in the end ... 
  sure taxes . 
  but to pay taxes you need income , sufficient income . 
  well i guess that 's the bad side of that thinking if only they did not assume that way . 
  well if the debt is rising and they ca n't make enough money then yeah . 
  * facepalm i forgot . 
  true , but since it 's in that means that rest of eu has to do something . 
  do n't care as long it stays on that side of the border . 
  ca n't speak of syrian kurds and i can imagine that kurds of turkey are stirring shit up , but kurds in iraq are probably most trustworthy allies against isis . 
  aye , so you know what that means ? 
  because i guess essentially it is a company . 
  yes . 
  i guess we come back to the need of centralization and what would it mean to all states . 
  i , personally , would go with it but with political climate as it is now i can not see further integration happening soon . 
  and that might signal the end of united europe . 
  well if only they were viable . 
  unless those of us who are rich ( like germany , sweden ) give the money . 
  but i guess that 's a spit to their faces ... 
  but maybe it should not be viewed as that . 
  then could economical union of europe ever work ? 
  with all the deferences in the regions ? 
  but it goes full circle ;p, 
  then i can see why federalization and centralization is preferable . 
  giving money to greece would solve one problem but would raise moral question of `` if they can why ca n't we '' . 
  but really if we all went away with and do n't demand the same treatment then we would be out of this mess . 
  well at least i think so . 
  ok i 'm not an economist and this might be stupid question but why ca n't we ( eu ) bail out greece and end this ? 
  greece then would/could remain in the eurozone . 
  is there political/economical reasons against this ? 
  i can understand him but kurds are our secular allies in the region . 
  yes but this time themselves . 
  they will fuck the economy up ... 
   butter knives are dangerous really ? 
  do n't you guys have laws about scots ( or is it welsh ) people that carry bows during night in certain locations . 
  because that law makes murder legal . 
  i 'm on the same boat . 
  hey jpaolo can into degenerate buttsex ;p, 
  you know that there is no law to make children ? 
  it 's not like all heterosexual couples produce offspring . 
  and besides children in europe are needed only for pensions or if you like growing children . 
  be conservative it does not matter , gays should get either marriage or civil union . 
  you can not let them adopt children on argument that it might be damaging to society or harmful to children but that 's it . 
  lol we have had this in lithuania too . 
  maybe we lithuanians and russians are not that different :d even do we get on each others throats . 
  to work well it needs to be not half castrated and acting as a schizophreniac with multiple personalities . 
  trash ... 
  whoops, 
  can take a lot more i believe . 
  hey some science and technology on europe sub . 
  sure . 
  we would border us then . 
  also - new state of prussia . 
  not sure . 
  lukashenka just does n't any side to get upper hand to stay in comfortable position . 
  need federation . 
  and i 'm not even federalist in casual sense . 
  indeed lol . 
  i think they just put capitals but stations are elsewhere . 
  i would actually like that . 
  i like name of the battalion . 
  it shows what they want to make . 
  nah he just plays two sides game as always . 
  from vilnius to all of belarus apparently . 
  what ? 
  that 's the thing . 
  i dunno about estonia in lithuania we want to live as rich as nordics but nothing more else :d, 
  ca n't do that with russia running a mock . 
  trust me , i 'm lithuanian , i know this . 
  that 's what i 'm saying too . 
  i was saying what they need . 
  and what they also need is freedom from russia . 
  thanks for this shit, 
  no , a democratic government with reforms in mind you sarcastic prick . 
  give me thorium salt reactors . 
  now . 
  well they should . 
  well sometimes you do n't need for it to be legal , right russia ? 
  big man tyrone . 
  linguistically it 's close to finland . 
  that 's for you to decide . 
  then again baltic states indeed are somewhat integrating . 
  * bip bop i 'm vi i do n't `` think '' *,
