  if euro sinks then ship sinks . 
  ehh maybe so since albania is in nato . 
   higher laws than orders . 
  not really . 
  i think we agreed many centuries ago that written down law is higher then word . 
   too bad the kla is under western control and that this is just a false flag operation wat ? 
  2 upper ones look like our minister of foreign affairs http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/linas_antanas_linkevi\u010dius goddam clones everywhere . 
  so ... could someone say why it 's bad ? 
  only thing i saw were privatisation of healthcare , lower standards for products , and harsh laws on information and pharma . 
  frankly i do n't like that . 
  i got ptsd because of feminists : /, 
  voted for 3rd, 
  ehh larp does n't use real thing i do n't think . 
  i 'm talking about martial arts and hema stuff . 
  in latvia ? 
  in lithuania cops are mostly for taking away your money , then you can kill yourself . 
  where is my flintlock matey ? 
  that 's true . 
  if person has northing to lose he will probably not hesitate . 
  yeah , fuck genoese merceneries . 
  as much as people laugh at this many people would think before attacking someone , though of course that would not stop other killers . 
   maybe teachers should wear chainmail from now on plate would better at these distances . 
  would be fucking awesome . 
  give one guy pavise and i would take dane axe . 
  now people attack medieval reanoctors and people who like medieval weopanary in general . 
  all over some idiot . 
  expulsion of germans and many peoples in general trough history not that it matters . 
  repressions of ssrs too . 
  interesting ... 
  send some soldiers while you 're at it . 
  i know . 
  that 's why we will need to get votes to put you on throne . 
  prepare to sell you dignity . 
  people might ban you just for disagreeing . 
  that 's the internet for you . 
  emperors need no votes . 
  well , unless you are from hre . 
  and since eu is basically hre then we might be in trouble . 
  it sucks . 
  but it also means that answer is not here . 
  put them all in lampedusa ( rhymes with meduza ) . 
  and i do mean all of them . 
  just kiddin ' . 
  ahh a honest populist . 
  nice to have one for a change . 
  well maybe we should n't remove gypsies i mean what will we do with romania then ? 
  you would have done better by saying poland . 
  sure . 
  do n't kill any more of them , serbia . 
   crusader against whom ? 
  this sucks . 
  i would not vote for any of these ... 
  or you could have been deported for being intellectual , teacher , policemen or for owning land . 
  and sometimes for no reason at all . 
  batka what 's going on ? 
  republic ? 
  it should be empire !, 
  why not . 
  we once ruled the world . 
  we can do it again . 
  for syria maybe . 
  but for africa ? 
  continent is volatile with or without europeans . 
  what evidence . 
  i 'm not arguing over this , i 'm just saying that lithuanian media does n't give a shit about this . 
  we are staunch supporters ? 
  well you do n't see people talking about this ... 
  someone mixed up lithuania with latvia i think ... 
  how to get more vodka ? 
  nice, 
  what have you done ... 
  and ukip ... 
  near were i live there is one . 
  there is like a park , golf fields nearby . 
  but you know it 's just one of many . 
  sealand ? 
  calm down . 
  it 's just booty ... 
  hey we are somewhat unique . 
  cheers . 
  warsaw paris or london ? 
  : dddddd, 
  what is that about creating bank account ? 
  i might become e stoner for this , 
  ehem . 
  so i thought ukip wants a strong britain . 
  and yet uses chauvinistic ways to get votes . 
  is n't that a record ? 
  umm not much he can do . 
  either get a passport or move to ukraine . 
  what are economical implications ? 
  after all gaining value of currency is not necessary great especially if you export high cost goods . 
  yeah i know . 
  i just found it funny . 
  our regions both are quite poor compared to western europe . 
  but there are places in the world where people have it worse so ca n't complain too much i just wish we made bigger progress . 
  where 's my fusion ... 
  it 's just political show . 
  i do n't think much of it since if greece want to get rid of dept they have to do it trough their debtors . 
  `` tail '' of coins is usually more interesting though .
