  he meant pc . 
  trust me . 
  agreed . 
  ehh , you know that it hard to make new sub with a big fallowing , people will just sit here , because it 's kind of `` hub '' if you will . 
  thing is though , as someone showed , immigration is probably not the biggest topic , there is greece , russia and few other possibly , so yeah , i do n't think immigration should get megathread , especially because immigration wo n't be stopping any time soon , so you will have many megathreads . 
  but what good is a mod who does not moderate ? 
  essentially it is his `` duty '' , thought duty is maybe not the word we should be using . 
  yeah , do n't know about that . 
  as a member of community i should be able to discuss it . 
  though mods can still do as they please of course with all consequence that would come . 
  of course , that 's how you get collaborators . 
  now i hope this also means that myth of lithuanians unanimously as fascists who murdered jews is also just that , a myth . 
  i will once i return . 
  dunno , would police shoot you in western europe just for carrying a gun ? 
  for once i 'm glad i live in lithuania . 
  and why is that ? 
  even though bulba joke should be for belarus ... 
  if your a communist ( like a real one and not a turncoat ) your going to have a bad time in lithuania . 
  not in lithuania though . 
  you can own gun here for protection . 
  though i agree that there is big gun phobia in europe . 
  bah , a true frenchman ... 
  yay, 
  when it comes to lithuania i think , you should consult with experts though , you can carry concealed handgun i believe . 
  they say that gun laws in lithuania are more liberal then most . 
  hah in you face western europe . 
  so putin got into twilight style drama and now we have situation in ukraine ... 
  draculescu ... well she does look menacing . 
  but at the same time attractive . 
  now i have conflicting thoughts . 
  and what if they really were slackers ? 
  ca n't i now criticizes bad services ? 
  what ? 
  selling hats ? 
  prostitutes ? 
  drugs ? 
  booze ? 
  we got you covered . 
  yeah that 's why i 'm sympathetic to turks , though at the same time i really think kurds deserve their own country , but with borders like these they are so split up . 
  and whom should i support ? 
  turks , who are our allies ( nato ) and important at holding russian navy at bay + i view turks more european then asian . 
  or should i support cute kurds who fight isis and i believe are fairly secular ? 
  god damm this frustrates me to no end . 
  why ca n't you guys live together ? 
  turkey should just steal kurdish lands from syria and iraq  though . 
  hey now ... 
  yeah , i thought of this too . 
  conspiracy theory : mods make megathread so that people stop showing interest in immigration . 
  i 'm joking of course . 
  incest is wincest . 
  get to keep family wealth together , big tracts of land . 
  keep family bloodline pure , and bang that hot cousin of yours . 
  actually i only know that russia has some of our stuff and that among that they have these statutes . 
  i should probably look into it , maybe there is more goodies i forgot of . 
  nepalese be like : amateurs . 
  ahhh ... 
  it 's not examples :d it 's example ( though i 'm sure russia has more things ) . 
  and it 's not statues , you mixed up words probably . 
  it 's this . 
  glad to live in these parts ... 
  i seriously doubt that it 's only for `` just because '' . 
  that be said i do n't promote hate and i try to discourage my fellow lithuanians who just spout hate on russians ( not putin though  ) . 
  but in the end russia itself should change it 's actions , because trust me , two years ago most people did not gave a shit about russia , even with what was happening in georgia . 
  so russia 's actions would go a long way on improving relations and changing peoples views on it . 
  that be said , a trust is lost , especially for ukrainians , and to think two countries who shared so much history would get so hateful of each other . 
  i never believed it would happen . 
  but now it will take time to heal not only war `` wounds '' but also moral `` wounds '' . 
  indeed . 
  russia holds statutes of lithuania . 
  and i mean you could give those to belarus or ukraine for christ 's sake , even there they would make more sense then in russia . 
  agreed . 
   there is no need to pay any attention to what moscow thinks . 
  i agree , i hope more politicians in the west would realize this . 
  when dealing with russia you should be careful and pragmatic and give a less shit of what they think , because hey , russia does not give shit either . 
   russia helped to free bulgaria from turkish rule and because of that bulgarians should feel or do something ? 
  i mean they can if they want to but they could also do not give a shit . 
  there is no universal law for this . 
  possobly . 
  though personally i got tired of fallowing this stories development . 
  i was much more interested when they took them down and people started getting crazy selfies , artist took photos of half nude women standing on pedestal or when people started sharing ideas on what should be placed there instead those sculptures , if anything . 
  that 's the thing with symbols and symbolism . 
  it could mean a lot of things . 
  for example , soviets might have intendet sculptures to be symbol of ussr 's industrial and agricultural power . 
  but to people of lithuania that would by symbol of occupant . 
  and both of those would be right . 
  thing is though , lithuania was occupied so you should not be surprised why we detest soviet symbolism and why we do n't have such nostalgic feelings as russians do , some russians i mean , should not generalize . 
  yeah , that 's why everyone here is shitting over russia , even though we are in nato . 
  we would like though destroy them tough , they are fugly . 
  but that costs money and let 's be practical , they are buildings . 
  and they are more pro soviet then they are unlithuanian . 
  most of such sculptures were taken down just after restoring independence , and moved to grutas park . 
  real reason why they want to take them right now is just because of events in ukraine . 
  i mean good job on rekindling our memories of history . 
  that be said they should have been taken off long time ago , repaired , and moved to grutas park . 
  should have kept yours , maybe would have helped as a deterrent . 
   the coldness of siberia and starvation respectively ? 
  in the way , yes . 
  they are relicts of occupation that done those things ( not that they should be taken down for that ) . 
  should , they be taken off of that bridge ? 
  yes .
