  and then be like `` but where 's the proof '' , 
  crimea for genoa . 
  remove orthodox pls . 
  well hopefully it will . 
  will be fallowing the news if something develops . 
  wait finland is going to try out basic income ? 
  basic income ? 
  maybe . 
  transition would be a bitch . 
  but we will have to see how automation will affect us . 
  so it finally went down for us ? 
  i was just talking of stereotypes . 
  and vlad dracula is based on vlad the impaler prince of transylvania ( in romania ) . 
  no hate really . 
  do you realize that we invite them ourself ? 
  every time i see some derps talking about us and it meddling with everyone they fail to understand that baltic 's love them and invite them . 
  nato big estonia stronk, 
   if progressives keep letting russian propaganda hijack progressive movements in europe , we 're gon na have a bad time . 
  i 've said once i will say it again . 
  drop these political `` labels '' . 
   struggle against capitalism smh . 
  why do people have to go against it . 
  economical system . 
  a tool . 
  i know it 's not perfect and eventually be replaced but now is not the time . 
  and left be like `` let 's tear it down . 
  now '' . 
  well some of the left should not mix up everyone . 
  hmm i do n't these are popular here though i 'm sure there are places for that . 
  i respectively say wtf is going on and why ? 
  maybe he was really drunk ? 
  some of the literature , nature . 
  oh and mail brides , 
  obedience training ? 
  wtf is that ? 
  i had funny and macabre image in my mind but maybe it 's not something to be surprised of . 
  baltic prussia , the old prussia where the old gods live and not under nazi foot or soviet yoke . 
  land of vampires and internet . 
  no ^ short time wise, 
  well hopefully not . 
  at least that 's the plan . 
  that 's why i rather not align with any ideology on political spectrum ... everyone expects you be something you do n't want to be . 
  gib silesia - germany, 
  i hope germans will bail them out though we need reforms that this does not happen again . 
  and fuck what russia thinks . 
  sell them to china or something . 
  i 'm * sure * that no one will be * bothered . 
  joke went over me . 
  care to explain ? 
  oh boy that could lead to some `` fun '' . 
  do n't have one :(, 
  ahh georgia . 
  loved you in eurovision this year , 
  it might be us . 
  gun laws in lithuania are pretty great . 
  though i would still like to shoot rifle for recreation but handguns are good too . 
  it 's guardian comment cancur . 
  in the end though all sides are retarded and no one is doing anything just blame each other and eu . 
  i 'm bored so i scroll on reddit , 
  ah ok i was wondering . 
  that little green speck . 
  to make this happen russia had to waste like billions of rubles . 
  rubles that could have gone to pensions , science , culture . 
  tell me about it ... 
  i have been in futurology sub for too long . 
  heh hand washes hand . 
  my goodness ... also juncker kind of looks drunk ... 
  sigh ... 
  how the caucasus has fallen ... 
  wtf ... 
  indeed by that time you might not be working at all . 
  more like secularism . 
  they have no other place to go anyways . 
  not my meme . 
  [ leave this here for fun ... ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/965/242/45d.jpg ) anyway turkey is on it 's fundamentalist craze . 
  unless they are good friends ? 
  but still ... 
  why ? 
  because it costs money and they also achieved what they wanted . 
  they got crimea and a tool to influence ukraine and by extension europe . 
  kind of akward, 
  wet dreams, 
  i guess they newer were excellent ... 
  we had every right to join . 
  unless by that you mean it was aggressive move towards russia . 
  but would n't at least some of them be uk citizens ? 
  i 'm hoping they will sway the vote  , 
  there are couple things wrong with this . 
  firstly it is discriminatory towards for men and secondly hiring is not about gender but skills and professionalism . 
  well in lithuania in general people are indifferent to us . 
  of course there are some people against it ( same with eu , nato ) but other than that we are cool . 
  now russia on the other hand ... before conflicts in georgia and ukraine we were somewhat okay ( even with fresh soviet history in the past ) i mean nobody believed russia would go ape shit and start invading it 's neighbours . 
  that be said a lot of people dislike scare mongering in media but knowing our history with russia there always is that chilling tough of `` what if '' . 
  i guess it 's rotted in our bad history with russia . 
  but by banning food exports to kidnapping our fishermen ( or estonian agent ) and of course fighting in other nations , russia is not going to be liked and loved . 
  do n't care . 
  but i tell you what . 
  that georgian singer ... would let her whip me any day . 
  indeed let 's laugh . 
  do i guess i will specify .
