  on the other hand , old timers had to learn it , so they might at least remember bit of it . 
  i could recommend this http://www.llbm.lt/eng/about_us/ though i 'm not sure if there are english tours for this , i just went with my grandmother so she served as good as any guide . 
  though there are a lot of places you can visit . 
  well we did talk about biological part of this , menstruation , contraception , but not really about std 's . 
  i dunno about this . 
  children , minors and teens probably make up around 10 per cent of population , if not more , and this part of population does not really speak russian , or at least well . 
  latvia and estonia ? 
  to some extent yes , lithuania ? 
  sex education you mean ? 
  ahh , whatever . 
  if anything it either wo n't matter ot it will be their loss . 
  we have danes here , growing pigs . 
  i rather that immigrants embraced atheism . 
  if russia comes , i dunno , probably not strong enough . 
   when done badly : dd dick falls off ? 
  do n't answer . 
  i dunno , it 's kind of funny that they educate people on such personal matter , heh , they could also recommend sex poses for all i care . 
  sex education ... 
  i always laugh when i hear that . 
   `` post-scarcity '' hey , post scarcity would me awesome , but hard to reach goal . 
  most things are stages in your life , we live by this day . 
  i 'm a student ... 
  i certainly do n't want dictatorship of students . 
  well if socialists want their utopia they should invest in 3d printers i guess . 
  we have lng , fuck gazprom , it was squeezing money out of us before ukraine events happened . 
  you know , if they ca n't keep their shit together we should just leave , look for business and trade elsewhere . 
  workers ... 
  thanks , but i do n't want dictatorship of one class . 
  though you are right about bureaucrats , they did not even try to believe in socialist ideology . 
  well they did trade with the rest of the world , so there is that but there was no free market , it 's state based . 
  anti capitalist city ? 
  wtf is that ? 
  could i build feudal city , just for myself then ? 
  so what was it then exactly ? 
  ah westerners , they use soviet union for their ideological fights . 
  who uses them ? 
  are they new standard ? 
  if so , would n't latvians be forced to accept them ? 
  well i 'm not surprised , i would also be interested to speak to these people . 
  i just wish they did not have to leave their home ... or be oppressed there by islamic laws . 
  not even talking about those who are secretly atheists . 
  may he rest in peace . 
  soon you will be able to visit all famous places of europe , in skopje . 
  perfect tourism strategy . 
  even in lithuania we touched more then this . 
  we got fucked over ... for 50 + years . 
  fuck it , should stay out of politics . 
  almost no eu sceptics for us ? 
  see , we love you , europe . 
   etymological source of `` kalja '' is unknown . 
  so probably original finno ugric ? 
  stronger then ever . 
  pinnacle of humanity . 
  so did saxons brought the name for beer in to england ? 
  also i wonder if it is loanword for baltics and finns ? 
  thanks but no thanks . 
  never seen them in palanga or \u0160ventoji . 
  only seen small tents . 
  more like by ancestors of sicilians . 
  sure . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_europe#/media/file:grossgliederung_europas-en.svg] you can find more examples . 
  and i 'm not saying you are wrong btw . 
  sure . 
  how does this disprove what i said ? 
  name is a name , but lithuanians who lived at the time viewed commonwealth as their country too . 
  if they did not they would have tried to succeed or rebel . 
  no , it 's not . 
  some classifications put baltics in different parts of europe , also these parts are arbitrary so for example poland could be either central or eastern . 
  modern lithuanian was not , but old lithuanian was , i mean languages adapt and evolve , polish language changed too . 
  i was not saying it was rise of the balts , in fact you take this thing way to serious . 
  polish lithuanian commonwealth was not lithuanian country ? 
  so why did lithuanians lived in it , and why did nobles who even spoke polish still considered themselves as citizens of gdol ? 
  put it on green bridge . 
  also what about commonwealth ? 
  i assume you think it 's related to modern day poland ? 
  even though it was not inhabited by only polish people . 
  same with gdol . 
  if you think they are unrelated at all then you bullshiting . 
  simple fact , that for example we use it 's coat of arms should tell you something . 
  in the end if you look it at this way then kingdom of poland also has little to do with modern republic of poland . 
  now i 'm sure you have some bullshit explanations so go on . 
  so why did france kept hold on to these small islands ? 
  money from tourism , resources , naval bases or people did not want to succeed ? 
  gott mint uns , carolus rex , coat of arms , white death , and my favourite - ghost division . 
  ~ ~ colonies ~ ~ overseas departments are quite rowdy tonight . 
  azerbaijan do n't do this . 
  we need your oil/gal , just trade . 
  wtf is `` lame '' . 
  history is history . 
  and lame is just subjective term . 
  yes we had . 
  grand duchy of lithuania . 
  i do n't think most people feel pride over that . 
  in fact you should not argue about pride over nationality with me because that 's not my thing . 
  remember that people differ regardless of nationality . 
  basically , i do n't know what your thing is . 
  but it 's seem to me like some kind of unhealthy chauvinism form . 
  which is sad because i have agreed with a lot of things with you before . 
  but that 's fine you can have your own opinions . 
  conversation over .
