  if so , maybe uk referendum is not so bad . 
  talk about yourself . 
  as a gun owner i would not want them taken from me . 
  so i guess it 's possible that europe was covered with them , or at least western , north western europe . 
  gawd - no . 
  guns sure . 
  good . 
  stingers would serve better then ships against russia . 
  they will , we got them too . 
  so , why shetland ? 
  btw what is this place ? 
  i will be too scared to ask from my president . 
  interesting , i just wonder if it will indeed , fallow prognoses . 
  i dunno , in lithuania we built lng terminal , so we can buy gas from anywhere . 
  we also are looking into other energy sources . 
  i guess so . 
  well , depends how lebensraum will be important to people of future . 
  what if we keep fertility rates just for replacements ? 
  depends i guess what you value more . 
  land and reproduction or long , potential very long life . 
  i guess this will also depend a lot on economic situation . 
  fertility most likely will not be problem either , if we can get stem cell treatments for that . 
  economical and social changes would need to be addressed , but that is not necessary bad thing . 
  do n't see how military is a problem . 
  can you elaborate more on russia ? 
   gluten you mean bread ? 
  hey , when i talk about tackling aging i also talk about biotech and rejuvenation technologies . 
  i mean we ca n't really make us live beyond , what 130 ? 
  if we extend that , we will also need to take care of productivity . 
  that 's were rejuvenation comes in . 
  umm you know , organic food is kind of made up ... 
  wait you 're trolling ai n't ya ? 
  looked up maps . 
  it seems that burkina faso , mali , niger , chad , somali , kongo , uganda , zambia has biggest fertility rates . 
  well for us i have pretty sweet solution that i always dreamed of ( if it works ) that does not involve immigrants . 
  solving aging and increasing lifespan . 
  that be said it would be unfair for africans . 
  this would be good , maybe , if we could get there fast . 
  i wonder though , if 9 billion is that of a big problem if increased efficiency . 
  new , clean power sources , maybe recycle to cut down on recourse usage . 
  norway , yes . 
  honestly . 
  hmm , well , if we ca n't stop population growth , then we will have to think of sustaining people . 
  i 'm not sure either . 
  need statistics . 
  also i wonder why for example nigeria has such a big population growth , could it give us clues how to deal with population growth ? 
  indeed , i was going to ask about dna thing , i mean does he suggest people should eat rocks ? 
  to me their women seem to be strangely beautiful . 
  white , with slight mix . 
  well for some parts of europe it make sense because they are getting depopulated . 
  sweden can boost it 's population with immigrants , while for baltics it 's pretty bad because we are , as always , poor . 
  of course for africa this are different . 
  that be said , should n't agricultural system be changed too ? 
  less farmers , less farmhands and so on . 
   revolutionary propaganda well i certainly think we do not need that in russia . 
  that be said we could pump out some propaganda a long the lines `` westerner is your friend '' , to maybe improve russian views on west . 
  indeed tatars in lithuania - no problem . 
  it 's not like they are even here , though they do preserve their cultures in some ways . 
  what ? 
  need to somehow reduce population growth in africa . 
  make an demographic and economic transition ? 
   romani here they are called \u010cigonai . 
  i dunno , ship them back to india or something . 
  or make gypsy promised land and name it gypsyland . 
  jokes a side i dunno . 
  some how you need to break their culture and beliefs up so they stopped acting the way they some times do . 
  does n't matter that much these days . 
  i mean let them pilot drones or something . 
  ah yes , forgot it . 
  should have made sentence with it ... not that it would have changed much . 
  so how was it during first decade , or rather 2000 - 2004,2008 ? 
  well , you got name `` petras '' pretty well , but that is pretty easy . 
  now last word ... 
  it 's longest in lithuanian vocabulary i believe . 
  you sound to me like from somewhere south like spain ? 
  italy ?? 
  but maybe that 's mic 's fault , or my ears are fucked up . 
  she removes kebab . 
  * cough * drunk * cough * * cough * finns * cough *, 
  i bet hawking has a big dick . 
  i can imagine him in thug outfit and uzi , driving in his wheelchair . 
  playing some kind of obnoxious song like `` suck my dick '' over and over . 
  join us . 
  i think is not for corruption and maybe russia bordering china , you could get in . 
   finally , i read recently that already 8 % of the eu energy came from the wind . 
  by 2020 , more than 20 % will come from renewable resources . 
  this . 
  i wait when renewables , in addition to maybe thorium , or salt reactors will bring freedom from imported energy . 
  then we could say `` fuck you people '' and live as hermits in our peninsula , i mean continent . 
  fuck you ^ soviet russia , and fuck your flags . 
  also , belarus , belarus never changes . 
  i could make one joke , but maybe that 's none of my business . 
  lol nope , we ca n't really count on other european states for protection alone . 
  well i agree with your last statement . 
  of course you `` can '' . 
  there is no doubt people can feel this emotion . 
  question is if you should . 
  this in general has to do with free will , if we have it . 
  lol did not knew there was rule for that . 
  and as i said before i was focusing on general message .
