  whatever . 
  add more blackface . 
  i do n't even look for logic with these kind of people ... glad to be political ideology free . 
  it 's a branch of fsb did you not know ... 
  i checked out the website . 
  it has our coat of arms on the other hand it only has few duchies under us . 
  i suppose many of russian ones had their coat of arms introduced for voivodeships and we do n't know how they looked before if they have had them to begin with . 
  baby boom ? 
  more like muslim immigrant boom ... 
  umm ... no . 
  no grand duchy of lithuania or it 's smaller duchies ... 
  does n't it have to do with oranges dynsaty ( i spelled it wrong probably ) . 
  would feel safer with you guys on board . 
  well that or russia joining nato :d, 
  k thanks . 
  ahh ... 
  i thought you will talk about policies that russia would deem hostile towards it . 
  maybe ... 
  and what are does ? 
  edit : suck it greece ... 
  alrightty , let 's do it . 
  if we sit on our asses then we will not be able to do anything at all . 
  threats everywhere and everyday ... 
  welcome to our world ... 
  `` thanks erdogan ! '', 
  estonia you fucking druggies ... 
  sexual harassment low in lithuania even if we are not keen on so called progressive ideas and feminism :d ,, 
  you do n't understand baltic mentality ... 
  100 ... easy . 
  well they are doing better then their neighbors ... 
  i wish it was possible then many of both ours and yours problems would go away . 
  why ? 
  well maybe there is a reason why russians go for vacations here . 
  i studied it ... ca n't hold one :d :(, 
  nah we need moar , moar, 
  i dount this is true for lithuania . 
  only middle aged people can speak it well , other just put it in their cv . 
  we do . 
   game of thrones was pirated by 9 million people . 
  i aways watch it on mondays ;p, 
   however , there is a good chance that vikings established a trading post and permanent residence in northern estonia . 
  i 'm not contesting this at all . 
  that is true not only in estonia but in latvia ( along dauguva ) and lithuanian/pruthenian coast ... 
  they are ruining public property that they pay for and shout something about capitalism ... . idiots ... 
  if they could sustain themselves ... 
  you 're kind of getting lost ... 
  northern estonia was held by denmmark . 
  also estonians were vikings that raided swedens ass after they became cahtholic ... 
  portugal , spain , france ? 
  does not compute . 
  and also coming from norway : ddd, 
  would like some more if it 's possible . 
  cultural differnces are not that big and they get smaller and smaller with globalization , eu military is esencially european armies also we have nato as bonus though aditional cooperation might be good , now economical side together with political is by far hardest . 
  but there should be enough will to go trough and someday integrate countries even more in into super house peninsula/continent of europe . 
  yeah , this sucks . 
  it 's probobly because there is lack of money in budget ... same old story ... 
  during and after cirsis yes , now i 'm not sure . 
  more or less yes . 
  problems we have need to fixed and will be fixed . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  still , i do n't like this ... 
  i suppose , poltics are slow in this matter . 
  but after 25 years i would say it 's the time . 
  nah , it 's not about putin . 
  it always saddens me to see that we are still considered `` eastern bloc '' or in russia 's sphere of influence when we actualy in the west ... 
   any attempt by the merkel regime to violently suppress germany ? 
  violently ? 
  yeah but can we have your level of job payment too eh ? 
  well we are on canadian sauth or scotland level of north so ... 
  wtf this has to do with us joining nato/eu ? 
   partly the reason we 're in this situation to begin with is because of our expansionist practices in eastern europe . 
  ok you can say perhaps ukraine wants closer ties with the eu , but you have to see this from russia 's point of view & realise there are consequences for trying to interfere in their sphere of influence people like you make me sad ... 
  stronger armies are good but baltic states would not be able to defend themselves even if we put a lot of money into it or mobilized everyone , it 's just not possible . 
  will have to watch out of broomsticks ... 
  pls stop with these jokes ... 
  ocupation day more like it ... 
  just shows how stupid this is . 
  but we have new lng ... 
  yeah ... 
  `` i need a hero ! '', 
  guys , do n't dew it !, 
  i will not be going but it would be fun to see photos and maybe opinions after :d, 
  again , some of those boards did n't include eastern europe . 
  why the hell we are always left out !, 
  blah !, 
  love this one , especially lenin part . 
  yet he is hated by many and disliked by moderate people ... 
  first of all i was referring to the poster , secondly what 's so bad about whacking pickpocket a bit with a newspaper ? 
  it wo n't kill . 
  good thing that our gypsies ar bit more tame , do n't travel about . 
  main problem here is that they sell drugs in big cities and sometimes steal . 
  poor bastard ... 
  that laugh tho , sounds like seal ... 
  it 's close to nemunas so it probobly had good amount of lithuanians ... sigh ... ancient land of prussia ... 
  it 's kaukiemis in lithuanian so i can see where germans got the name . 
  russians though . 
  they put up those fugly new names ... 
  i would find that funny . 
  plus at least we send labor their way that can actually work unlike north africa ... 
  in this case it 's master , second in command and chunta ...
