  as for european values , ehh , perhaps . 
  i guess i 'm not the one that should tell people to stop lying to themselves . 
  ehh i 'm just flat out anti theist . 
   are evil muslims . 
  it 's not that they are evil . 
  it 's that they are muslim ( well those of them that are ) . 
  do you want more hard conservative people in europe when we do n't even have plans how to assimilate them / convert them away from islam ? 
  no mosques . 
  ca n't wait the day when they torn them down . 
  they have to do that someday , even in russia . 
  industry , i meant industry . 
  tell me about that grinch ... 
   j\u00e4germeister you just brought me back some memories ... 
  well if germany got some much votes and is scolded constantly then i 'm not surprised about uk . 
  molten salt reactors eh eh ? 
  fusion power eh eh ? 
  how i want and wait for times when oil and natural gas are less important and insignificant . 
  i want to see it all burn . 
  finally . 
  neocolonialism - colonialism with less hands chopped off and more investments . 
  yes !, 
  now any other stereotypes i should know ? 
  i mean i do love to build polders ... 
  dutch was not because of language ... 
  immigration policies should include de islamification and encourage secularism and atheism . 
  it is not . 
   gross violations of women and what about men ? 
  if population was increasing , then possibly . 
  from top 10 i only voted for netherlands and uk ( and for uk it 's only because of language factor ) . 
   opponents of granting asylum to refugees often present themselves as defenders of europe 's christian heritage and values . 
  these self-proclaimed defenders of christianity must know that a good christian is required to feed the starving , to give water to the thirsty , to shelter the fleeing . 
  good thing that i 'm supporter of secular europe then ... 
  it either means that people report it more/they have different laws for it or you know what . 
  i 'm not impressed . 
  first things first . 
  not all of them are refugees , many are economic migrants . 
  i which case opening of borders would not help , and would only burden european society . 
  if we really cared for these people we would help them were they are ( economic migrants i mean ) . 
  and what 's so bad about protecting our way of life ? 
  i mean , i doubt many europeans would want to life in african or middle eastern society . 
  and those migrants who are members of our society should be assimilated , and you could takes this further . 
  they should be send back some day to improve their homelands . 
  if it 's that close then what is stopping you from driving there or even walking during the weekend or vacation ? 
  hey , something i agree with barrage . 
  well , not us . 
  why is it based ? 
  they came for some anal surprise . 
   i 'm not op btw . 
  damm that flair . 
  it tricked me . 
  how about mars ? 
  do n't reply to those posts/post something else . 
  it 's not like migrants want to go to poland anyway . 
  yeah , i got confused . 
  so you though balts were not indo european ? 
  aha , go tell that to azerbaijan . 
  to some extend , yes . 
  though some words are really old so it gives the rise for this theory , on the other hand you have some of very simple words that have no similarity with other languages , or maybe with finnic . 
  it 's contested . 
  active is good . 
  maybe over reactive is not but mod team feels understaffed . 
  you right . 
  some other countries are not included too . 
  where is fucking cyprus . 
  it 's like fourth fucking time it 's missing in maps , fourth , fucking , time . 
  lol what ? 
  do n't make me hate you , merkel . 
   ukip would have `` made spectacular gains '' . 
  denmark : they are your problem now , swede . 
  well people have answered for me . 
  yes you can take a name , unless it 's against some man made law . 
  as for history , you ca n't take it , though i know what you mean . 
  indeed, 
   only white people also japanese , koreans and some other peoples . 
  oh i wish it had money for that . 
  in your face you germanics and slavs . 
  i would just usurp the prick but that would work too . 
   have no connection well they do live in parts that belonged to kingdom of macedonia , and slavs that migrated in probably mixed with local people so . 
  these days ? 
  it 's mostly porn . 
  my view on guardian : it 's awful ... not as much as its comment section though . 
  oh and orban is awful too . 
  children in africa could have used those 6 billions ... . 
  interesting place , but start with / b /, 
  you do n't want age of sigmar now do you ? 
  neo colonization baby . 
  self interest and also similar way of life and way of thinking . 
  well finally . 
  was waiting for it . 
  you could get those from rest of europe . 
  that means poland-lithuania will have to come to rescue of vienna again ? 
  fine , we know how to remove kebab . 
  [ nothing  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/native_american_gaming ), 
  no kurds, 
  they can build their casinos if they want ... , 
  and that 's what i dislike the most about uk . 
  different views i guess . 
  good amount of gals i spoken too have expressed interest in military service , which i thought was interesting and maybe even unexpected . 
  if people want to end their lives they will find ways ... 
  so do the christian thing , give them a lending hand .
