  and not anymore ... 
   autochtonous population polonized lithuanians you mean ? 
   grand duchy of lithuania as republic of macedonia has with ancient macedonia . 
  that is very disingenuous to say . 
  if it was true would be speaking polish ;p, 
  only two districts are polish , give it a rest dude , it 's not 40 's any more . 
  there some good peeps in that party , i 'm not sure about tamosewski though , he might be polish , but they way he speaks , and where his interests lie , you could assume he is russian , but i think it 's exaggeration , i do n't think he is actually traitor . 
  region was illegal , it was just soviets trying to divide people to hold onto power , i mean pretty similar of what was happening in ukraine . 
   bilingual street signs they are fucking useless , i mean for locals that is , and you can just have them in official language for official purposes . 
  ... and beside you have them ? 
  sure , great for you , whatever . 
  now we will be doing our thing . 
  sucka , nachui , blyat ... and so on . 
  some of them lived before 39 true , but some of them also moved in after poland took vilnius . 
  on the other hand a lot of poles from vilnius were moved to western poland , populate lands given after the war . 
  at the same time some of the poles from belarus moved into vilnius after the war . 
  city exchanged hands quite often those days . 
  but today poles make up majority only in two districts . 
  russian ones . 
  he called himself lithuanian ( also wrote down lithuanian folk songs , so of course he would be important to us ) . , talked polish , born in modern day belarus . 
  basically he was the man of commonwealth , a man of his time really , to pass him to one nation would not work . 
  my name is also tadas , so you better believe i will remember this . 
  with all the snickering form classmates ... 
  he is as much your author as ours , belarusian too . 
  we ca n't really be sure how it would have been ... 
  well for lithuania , industrialization i guess ? 
   we had several millions jews things happened ... yeah it was same for lithuania ( well not millions ) . 
  but why ? 
  i thought it 's really bad in fascist prebaltika ? 
  well compared in size it 's really a small minority , then in estonia or latvia . 
  i do n't think he did ... 
  nah , there is other dude , just search wikipedia . 
  i 'm intrigued . 
  poles . 
  guns for me are not for safety ( at least not where i live ) , i do n't need them to feel safe in lithuania , neither i care if police has them , because they are not trigger happy , i 'm more annoyed by by police then anything . 
  guns , as well as other weapons , for me are for sport , hobby , recreation , training . 
  fucking hate bullshit like this . 
  dunno , i never travelled to uk so i ca n't speak about it , though i know of things that would piss me off , like gun laws , so yeah . 
  i do n't even have children , and if i someday do , then yeah , i wont be bringing them over there . 
  hate this fucking forced adoption shit . 
  i would want to know my roots . 
  ehhhh ... 
  i do n't like this . 
  scientific knowledge could be useful for whole of humanity , so why limit pool of scientist ? 
  and combat ? 
  go back to senegal with your shit ... or france , i guess , their farmers could teach them thing or two about protests . 
  considering lithuanians can go for vacation on turkey relatively easily , it 's no surprise . 
  it was so tragic that even russia cried . 
  i 'm waiting when they make xbox controlled drones , so every lazy son of bitch could be a `` pilot '' . 
  let 's drink apple cider polan , wash away the grief . 
   also what has my account age have to do with anything ? 
  did not murmured about that anything . 
  as for megathreads , they just disrupt my commenting . 
  it 's looks too damn complicated . 
  at least for me . 
  need to squeeze it out of eu funds maybe , i 'm sure we will work it out . 
  make a low bridge to finland ... 
  wait for finns to shop alcohol , so that even if entire russian fleet tried to destroy bridge , they would get washed out by cunami of finns . 
  yeah , that 's why i like vice news . 
  normal news would not show this . 
  i wonder what does / u/thelord4444 thinks of this ... 
  indeed . 
  i wonder how would it play out , gulf stream getting weaker , but climate still getting warmer . 
  would it buff out ? 
  turn into canada , or turn warmer . 
  would n't that be bad for their exports , or they use their own ports right now ? 
  hey , finally !, 
  someone trades piss full of baltic for lakes , more money for my side of country . 
  no no no, 
  i 'm not against closing borders , outer ( eu outer ) borders ... 
  kind of funny list . 
  anyway , i rather brits did not elect this wanker . 
  never ? 
  why would you want to be stuck in time ? 
  phone etiquette ? 
  is it really climate though , i think water in baltic is still pretty cold , though food , services and everything might be cheaper . 
  well , i mean you can freeze only dead people ( you could living too , but that 's against the law ) , and even vitrification ( essentially glassing ) leaves damage to the body , so nobody has ever been resurrected of course . 
  never said i want to do it . 
  just remember to use condom, 
   fun for high schoolers they say there is a nice place in germany near french border ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  but you 're still here , how can it be ? 
   replace their populations i do n't think it will matter in the future . 
   cryopods cryonics exist right now , just build on that . 
  yes . 
  blood for the blood god . 
  umm sounds fake , though i did not listen whole of it . 
  translation ? 
  interesting ... 
  thanks . 
   you claim i did not ? 
  i see where are you heading , but then why make illegal to deny holocaust ? 
  well even so called `` right '' people differ on those issues you mentioned . 
  and besides , i 've been called both a right and left winger in different places of internet , including reddit . 
  and you know what ? 
  i do n't give a shit any more , i rather approach issues alone and do n't fall into this left vs right thing , because both sides are meaningless for me , and imagine for a lot of people . 
  so when controversy is born , ideas clash , couple that with maybe some brigading ... 
  gypsy ? 
  indeed , he should go back to selling hats . 
  sure , sure . 
  i was just saying that now it 's called swastika .
