  well they did not destroy ethnic groups but they either oppressed or deported them . 
  sure , i agree that these laws are kind of stupid . 
  but the way they are applied is also arbitrary it would seem . 
  not surprising though . 
  oh , and swastika is indeed pagan symbol , it had different names of course , and could come in different styles , but it was still a symbol of fertility , sun and so on . 
  not that because of that you should deny holocaust mind you . 
  nazi crimes - majority agrees it 's bad . 
  commie crimes - for eastern europe it 's bad , for western , not so much . 
  i wonder why . 
  communist propaganda , anti americanism , naivety ? 
  lol , hitler wine . 
  that be said i would still like to try it out , i 'm sucker for wine . 
  help you say ... well it depends . 
  ehh . . never ate at school . 
  nordic master race . 
  good, 
  european moon trading company . 
  russians and chinese will hire pirates to attack our ships , then we will have to hire privateers . 
  sure , it would be stupid to launch offensive , but using arsenal in case russia attacked could be use full , but it 's up to generals to figure out how could it be used most effectively . 
  what type of insult would you like ? 
  drinking , vandalism , loud music . 
  good, 
  hmm and how much people they will employ ? 
  will it be heavily automated , who i 'm kidding of course it will be . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  carl sagan was a child at the time ( if born at all ) , but sure , maybe he was one of those illuminaty celebrities who incarnates lol . 
  [ meep meep ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oo3ac46180s ), 
  ca n't say anything about my home town , but nearby there is a village where my family originates from ( at least as far as early 19th century ) , near that village there lived a man called `` devil of luokesa '' , a man who was a head of his time , probably an atheist or something like that . 
  some say he was jewish merchant , or agent sent to spread socialism , others said he was trying to defeat nature itself and harness it 's power , build energy plant , other say he was truest devil . 
  also there is a story about my earliest known ancestor ( grand grand grand dad ) , as of now . 
  let 's call him bartholomew ( that would be english version of his name , and no , he was not a pirate ) . 
  it is said that , once bartholomew heard people talking about telegraph in us , people told him that you can send messages between places with it , then bartholomew asked if it would be possible to send tobacco and pipes with it . 
  edit also near my home town , in the bottom of the lake , remains were found of oldest settlement built on wood poles ( like you see people do in south east asia ) in lithuania . 
  lobby, 
  poland is part of eu so ... 
  well muslims in lithuania are pretty much such a small minority that they almost do not exist . 
  maybe he does not do that ? 
  iran , israel , turkey , india ? 
  good luck with that ... 
  anyway , this is just their propaganda . 
  sure , but look at it this way , maybe some smugglers just want to help migrants , risking themselves , they smuggle the migrants to their desired countries , for some pay , but i mean you have to pay somehow , so that at least truck gets fuel . 
  that assumes that they are just transported and not later forced to work though . 
  * sigh *, 
  [ this guy disapproves ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kazimierz_\u0141yszczy\u0144ski ), 
  i guess i should not be surprised . 
  a man has to earn money some how , so he ships vietnamese people . 
  i have not watched that euro vision so ... 
  most songs in euro vision suck to me anyways . 
  i just look for somewhat good ones or for hot female singers ( looking at you georgia ) , and bearded women are not sexy to me so ... 
  yeah , i think that 's the one . 
  news reported that polish driver transported migrants in his truck . 
  i guess putins sanctions worked , poles said fuck the apples , let 's transport migrants , there is supply , and it seems there is demand . 
  i fear to think how swedish passport looks like ... 
   atheists are n't fertile , wat ? 
   lietuva 's treatment of polish minority well minority does make some good points , but i guess our old fears sometimes cloud our judgement , also couple that with their stubborness not to learn local language ... you get two goats , fighting each other . 
  we could not decide if we should call it vilnius or wilno i guess . 
  for example , baltics tried to stay united and neutral , formed baltic entante , but they still got occupied . 
  with choices like these ... 
  well fuck you too . 
  also , admitting poland , mistake ? 
  they are one of few more willing to fight . 
  examples ? 
  risitas is awesome . 
  though i only seen handful of videos translated , but still . 
  need moar english , because i tell you that older people are not that great at it ... 
  we are fucking stupid ... 
  why not ? 
  i 'm sure there are people for unification . 
   why the fuck would we want it ? 
  unite the ireland of course , restore irish language there as well . 
  or i guess do n't . 
  whoops , can never be too careful . 
  did drunk risitas barged in , looking for his fraying pans ? 
  oirish republicans ... uk , just lease norniron to ireland , and maybe later sell it . 
  also i remember when vice news shoved irish republican youth . 
  they all and their leaders were speaking english , just with accents . 
  what gives ? 
  do they not learn irish language ? 
  well , in lithuania it is part of biology classes , one of topics we cover . 
   what is consent actually we were not give that at sexual education . 
  i mean i knew rape is bad as far as i can remember , so that was told to me by my parents i guess , but there never was such topic in our classes . 
  i wonder if that is for the better though , i remember reading one article , where students have rules to ask for consent at every step , lol , `` can i kiss your neck ? '', 
  also it assumes that males should be the ones to ask too , sexual bias much huh . 
  i do n't think we were tough of it that early , couple classes later , i believe , and even then as far as i can remember , it focused on biology part . 
  that be said i certainly knew about condoms before we got told about contraception in school . 
  well , we probably did cover at least some of it , especially aids , but our teacher paid more attention to biological part , also two last years i attended b level biology classes , it was easier and rehash of older stuff we learned before , maybe students at a level biology classes touched this more in depth . 
  wrong guy , do n't wear fedora . 
  yeah , but it ends up to be personal matter . 
  basically i just hand wave past sex education , you do n't need to be genius to use condoms , though choosing a partner might be harder for some people . 
  allah save the queen . 
  who knows . 
  i personally do n't . 
  though skulls most likely have little to do with this . 
  well this was just my opinion/advise . 
  well maybe in uk muslims are indeed more violent , so we could look for reasons on why this is the case . 
  though about making biblical joke , too late god dammit ... 
  then just move along the coast to find cleaner part , or just go to the lake , i mean for me beach is boring if there is no big waves to swim in . 
  if it 's self reported , then people might think they can speak it . 
  or maybe they declared if they just understand it . 
  i mean , in my school most people do n't could not speak russian .
