  by not even defending it ? 
  because it was not the main point ? 
  main point was about feeling pride about your country . 
  in general you should probably not feel pride for anything ( not that you have control over it ) , especially if we live in deterministic universe . 
  it 's not about relations between your achievements and your country but rather taking pride in your country . 
  in general pride is not needed . 
  were ? 
  so what happened ? 
  `` pride should be reserved for something you achieve or obtain on your own , not something that happens by accident of birth . 
  being irish is n't a skill ... it 's a fucking genetic accident . 
  you would n't say i 'm proud to be 5 ' 11 '' ; i 'm proud to have a pre-disposition for colon cancer . '' - george carlin just be happy with your country , if you want . 
  * sigh * you do realize i was not serious about those regions ? 
  basically one district majority and another one around half . 
  not that much really . 
  back in the day i though more of districts had this half-half ethnicity . 
  damm mazovian colonization . 
   areas around it are majority polish [ ehh , not really either ] ( http://sz-n.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/poles_in_lithuania_barry_kent.png ), 
  but close to us huh ... 
  not really , since those places do n't have lithuanians left . 
  and it 's balstog\u0117 ( which means white roofs ) . 
  yatvingian name for this town and original name . 
  vilnius is majority lithuanian and is too important . 
  you do n't know much then huh . 
  and i was joking btw . 
  thanks for link . 
  vegetables ? 
  that 's how you call lebensraum these days ? 
  it 's not for relevance . 
  national pastime . 
  i assume , for example some germans might have prussian genes . 
  commonwealth reborn . 
  remove muscovy , defend kiev . 
  there is one near suwalki . 
  seiniai i believe is the town . 
  as for yatviags and prussians . 
  sure there are no more of them left , but still would be nice to have all baltic lands . 
  just gib land . 
  of topic . 
  i wonder though , do people living in north , north eastern poland are interested in it 's baltic past . 
  for example , there are no curonians left , but we still try to reconstruct their culture . 
  prussia - because prussians , suwalki - lithuanian minority , balstoge - yatviag land . 
  kompot is awesome . 
  link do n't work . 
  apparently latvians turned into yatviags . 
  what ? 
  my guess too . 
  gib back prussia , gib back suwalki , gb back balstoge . 
  finally , we are unique . 
  fuck you too polan . 
  knights ? 
  well , of course ... 
  hence the british humour . 
  curonia is pretty tricky one . 
  i mean curonians lived as far as klaipeda ( memel ) . 
  on the other hand northern part of today 's ethnographic region of courland was inhabited by livs . 
  yeah ... there are comics and pictures with it . 
  well 4chan knows it 's memes . 
  what ever you like , babe . 
  yes , god of thunder . 
  perkunas used for swearing or maybe by neo pagans and everyone who discusses mythology i guess . 
  one that posted image of facepalm.jpg, 
  i 'm waiting for my quantum computer , with le intel and vr inside . 
  what ? 
  then i will invade his nether regions . 
  wait for it ... wait for it ... 
  the mongorians . 
  good bot , good . 
  did not understood what was going on but , if title is true , good . 
  in these parts we do n't know much about portugal . 
  ehh , potato is really belarus . 
  thanks, 
   cum at me , putin . 
  accurate . 
  where is picture from btw ? 
  go home russia , you 're gay . 
  i think it 's georgia , because it 's the shape of it , though dunno why they moved it . 
  i mean kaliningrad in this belongs to lithuania . 
  it 's not only geographic ignorance . 
  if germans do n't know where latvia is then you are worse then americans . 
  gon na stir some shit . 
  love it . 
  he is kind of right , i think , but still . 
  it looks like georgia . 
  perfect, 
  well , in science we trust . 
  pfff , not same blood . 
  perhaps conservatism among voters ? 
  i do n't really have an idea . 
  yeah , i guess she is too old for some bunga . 
  you mean suicide rates ? 
  i hope someday belarus will get off it 's shackles ... russia too . 
  just make it for life ... and inheritable while you 're at it . 
  very narrow strait with ocean , a lot of fresh water rivers going in , it was a lake in a past . 
  and probably couple of other reasons . 
  maybe depth of sea , or flora and fauna ? 
  salt ? 
  baltic ? 
  hahahaha . 
  in fact , most of the green , piss and oil filled baltic is . 
  they have nice shades .
