   maribor witcher ? 
  we sometimes use lithuanian town names in kaliningrad , i suppose sometimes german ones too . 
  now i know how norwegians feel ... 
  and they said you were degenerates ... dammit i wish i learned czech language , i would be moving in then . 
  good wages , gun laws liberal , interesting culture and history . 
  we need foreigners ... to defend us from foreigners . 
  kind of like romans i guess . 
  well in lithuania we are fine with you guys . 
  though most americans i run into in lithuania were lithuanian emigrants of different generations . 
  that 's why we have swedbank ... and nordbank ... and danskebank ... 
  newer mind . 
  a castle . 
  on aegean coast . 
  or somewhere in certain part of romania . 
  barnevernet ftw edit though it was gypsy job to steal catholic children . 
  turns out it 's for norgs . 
  it 's haram in sweeden . 
  yes , still , you burned down your capital . 
  fecken historic propaganda . 
  see , typical nordicks . 
  nice try . 
  hire some of those migrants , especially beffy looking ones , and give them batons to drive off others , or if you do n't trust them then equip local homeless people or unemployed youth . 
  must be true because i got scorned by nordics ( and estonians ) just because i said that you should leave space for second person in bus and other public transport . 
  that piece of ass must be halal . 
  yeah . 
  especially if there is new wave of automatization and no new jobs to replace old ones . 
  after all , we always wanted more free time and easier life . 
  do n't have something to do ? 
  or just want monitor and slander people ? 
  yeah ... 
  pathetic . 
  what 's wrong with female ones ? 
  i would prefer females ones anyway  i mean look even gadafi had female bodyguards ... . 
  unless ... 
  he likes fit men in uniforms ... 
  do n't listen to these pussies ... 
  no dammit , it 's part of grand duchy of lithuania . 
  they went full gay . 
  can i make jokes about black people then ? 
  indeed people make fun of us . 
  if i tried something like that about muslims people might no think it so funny , unless they are kababs as well . 
  is there a right not to be forgotten ? 
  excluding taxes . 
  yeah i agree , and many of even first generation of eastern european immigrants adapt well , it has negative side effects to our countries , with brain drain and other issues like depopulation , but it 's good for countries we immigrate to . 
  yeah , i think that 's were should immigration topics should focus , on integration . 
  for example i read that there are atheists among muslim immigrants , but they ca n't come out because they will get rejected by their families , communities . 
  we should take such people in immediately , they would probably adapt the best . . 
  see , us easterners integrate well , we forget our roots . 
  sure well people who came in 50 's probably were different too . 
  serious question though , why pakis ? 
  why not romanians or poles , they are closer to you after all . 
  russian spec force ? 
  whoa , not so fast neo pakistan . 
  only sad in the east ... 
  yes we easterners always were pro eu , but they treat us sometimes as second rate . 
  i like that they get `` in there '' . 
  for example i loved when they spend time with nigerian soldiers , or drug makers . 
  do n't worry , we welcome nato allies here . 
  dunno maybe , they move on rotation here . 
  the british are coming, 
  whoops ... 
  irs chat friend . 
  they do deserve it . 
  annexation of / r/europe . 
  will send strong condemnation . 
  we goofed dammit , i hope they calm down . 
  but , but he gave moneyz ... 
  getting their heads chopped off . 
  see , and you people hate royals , while they just want to help struggling economies :d, 
  this is bit off topic but still : `` i think all religions should have one rule , and one rule only : hats optional '' - george carlin . 
  also : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnkkko4vlbs, 
  hey , it is good idea to read what topic is about even if it is downvoted . 
  i mean if you look just for votes ratio , you let other people decide what you should be reading . 
  yeah i agree . 
  but to some extent it all ready is , and not only for people like stormfags and complete sjw 's . 
  that be said megathreads might be hurting people who are not affiliated with those groups . 
  i mean i do n't mind that much when putin bots attack . 
  it can be fun to discuss and mess with them . 
  well i guess it boils down which one do you prefer , flairs or megathreads . 
   brigading one more think about it , technically i do n't see whats wrong with it , sure people who do that have agendas , but we all do so let 's just either discuss them or move on . 
  well yeah , big subs have their own life cycle , still i would love filters more then megatheads , because some topics i might comment regarding immigration , for example those who deal with integration , i might comment separately . 
  though that 's just my opinion on this . 
  well maybe i was not paying attention . 
  as for racebaiting articles , fine let them post them , i 'm even sure they have some truth , but if they do n't or if you think it 's bullshit , then just down vote and move on . 
  frankly , that 's what i do with greece topic , i just move on . 
  hey , you have to be facist mod there , there is no other way , even i agree . 
  true enough , but this is not really for mods to deal with . 
  it 's for us , users . 
  we should post other topics , topics we want to see . 
  that 's why i like when people post statistics , maps ( that sometimes get removed ) and other things . 
  was it a shitstorm ? 
  as i said before , immigration is not a biggest topic , and i believe creation of megathreads created even bigger shitstorm . 
  thing is though , people should be able to beat dead horse if they want to , essentially use those arguments and bend them the way they want , and if you want none of that , you have a right not to participate in it . 
  at least that 's what i do . 
  if people say something that seems bullshit/offensive i usually move on . 
  pff , unhappiness was always a catalyst of change , if we were happy , we would not want to change . 
   just complain and complain it 's not necessarily a complaining on immigration , i for example rarely comment on immigration topics . 
   people of different religions and stuffing it in a mega thread because they want to silence talk about it . 
  if that is true , then yeah mods , you done goofed . 
  immigration megathread should be just for that .
