  go to rojava ... 
  interesting , wonder were they left . 
  for example lithuanians who fled during first communist occupation ( or before second , when soviets started pushing ) went to germany , sweden and other places but later moved to us , australia and so on . 
   no fake asylum seekers because russia is too poor  erhnicentric sentiments meh , russia has a lot of nationalities , some are trying to get independence too , it 's just that russia has a tight grip  peaceful muslims got to caucasus for that , and they are not as well as integrated as you think , it 's just that it 's more cultural aspect then religious . 
  k then . 
  but do n't expect people to agree with you . 
  neo colonialism trough puppet states would be the best option , we are just too big of pussies . 
  we were either in same state or part of other state for like 700 years . 
  heh , they are dead though . 
  where is this cheese from ? 
  i hope it 's from lithuania too . 
  it feels like we travelled to early 20th century , when people would smuggle not only tobacco and alcohol over the nemunas , but also food too . 
  i have actually asked for this . 
  indeed . 
  you did not even try ... 
  25 k , pretty low i would say , and those who did not return probably got assimilated pretty good . 
  neo colonialism ftw , this time with less hands chopped off and with more aid . 
  how so ? 
  `` why we do n't destroy these dictatorships ? '', 
  where do you see immigrants mentioned here ? 
  so no . 
  how sweet the sound, 
  `` told you so '', 
  so pakis will still be immigrating though ? 
  i 'm waiting when we can get good and cheap bionic limbs for humans . 
  his anus can accommodate them ... 
  `` but then why we do n't destroy these dictatorships ???? '', 
  yeah , in fact my former classmate comes from this [ family . 
  i mostly agree with exception of origin of nobles 15-16 century and onwards a lot of nobility was indeed ruthenian/polish/russian , even in what is now today a lithuania , but before that most of noble families were lithuanian . 
  like astikai , radvilos , mantvydai and so on . 
  who ? 
  well i personally maybe could say few more things but average lithuanian does not know much about portugal . 
  basically , in grand duchy of lithuania , and later commonwealth , old belarussian , polish , latin were main languages used by nobles , clergy , administration . 
  russians use this to say that it was russian ethnic land , belarus wants to be lone successor of gdol , or say that modern lithuanians are russians/poles that got assimilated by samogittians or something ( topkek from someone who lives in eastern lithuania ) and so on . 
  for some reason nobody sais this to brits ( even though their noble spoke and lived too in france ) . 
  if migrants do n't integrate and flow of them increases it could get ugly , pogrom level of ugly , but i think it wo n't get on that level . 
   should not be protected under discrimination laws nah . 
  instead though , we should try to root out free thinkers and closet atheists among muslim immigrants and help them to ditch their religion , and it can be hard for them because of pressure of families , friends . 
  screw it , they do n't need it . 
  put some in poland and estonia . 
  sure . 
  that means you are half . 
  arbitrary , i know . 
  some people do n't like to hear snackbaring in the morning or when at church . 
  this . 
  how many times i will have to tell this to some russian or polish dude . 
  free, 
  also , atheists please . 
   nuclear power plants were shut down well there 's your problem ... 
  well naturally , they should try selling more at the same price , open more markets up . 
  no markets for cheap cars ? 
  * whispers in american accent * communists ... 
  meander in the making, 
  is it like that all way up stream , or it has water pockets ? 
  comments section is full of ignorance . 
  yeah , i 'm disappointed it 's not included . 
  sometimes, 
  pure balt . 
  just thought scrub would visit poles of vilnius . 
   stop fucking with bulls that 's insult to people who actually do fuck with bulls . 
  how do you know ? 
  teach me master , pm . 
  fuckings mods ... should have voted for one that got drunk and set sub to private ... 
  fuck signs . 
  i 'm getting annoyed . 
  first poles now , serbians and croatians . 
  just make them all in latin or esperanto , and fuck you all . 
  well scotland is on the other island . 
  did not visit wilno ... what a scrub ... 
  nice idea . 
  oh , of course ... 
  looks like i 'm late into the train but ... freeeeeedooooom !, 
  i always said ... make artificial meat . 
  ( no , i ca n't be vegan , that 's still a life ) . 
  one should not be annexing other countries territory and creating proxy wars ... 
  but that 's none of my business . 
  no for separation , even if belgium feels like artificial country at time , it still has it ; s of niche uniqueness . 
  should have kicked out russia ... 
  sure . 
  i will come for cigarette contraband . 
  slavic brotherhood ? 
  tell that to ukrainians . 
  first they came for ducks ... 
  i 'm fine with this . 
  then i will able to post about it in / r/tifu , or is there an opposite sub of it ? 
  sure . 
  just remember . 
  no russian . 
  i was talking about plant , it is made from . 
  i know ... 
  i was talking about other ... coca ... 
  if only you could put putin and his goons in place and to let us export in . 
  i mean sure there is swine plague in lithuania , but we could export chicken , diary , poles - apples and so on . 
  i knew we are rastafarians , i mean shape of the country , flag colours , just bring some weed . 
  ca n't have vilnius , but if you help to deal with russia , you can get ukraine . 
  i 'm scared ... and confused . 
  so anyone know who made this geographic monstrosity ? 
  like hell no . 
  you belong to finland , while latvia is our baltic brother . 
   syriacized dunno about that ... what is a syrian in that sense ?
