  we like folk metal, 
   he 'll be 72 in 2024 btw . 
  happy alzheimers nukes everybody . 
  probobly will be ousted by more clevar and younger players by that time . 
  yep . 
  that 's what i meant ... 
  though why saud want that ? 
  you can also create threads like this one . 
  so there 's that . 
   lithuania sees itself more as a central european country we prefer not to actually . 
  where 's barad dur ? 
  needs better public transportation system i guess . 
  moar trains and buses !, 
  that 's ok ... 
  what are they doing ? 
  that thing is that in a lot of places in different time periods women in muslim have not worn burka ( not as much at least ) since some cultures may have adobted islam but other things ( like dress ) they kept . 
  what is going on in the region ... have you guys not learned from croatia to move on ? 
  nato ... 
  can we all into one big monster ? 
  you will some stereotypes too , and some history facts once in a while . 
  americans ... 
  ah my bad . 
  well i do n't really buy them ( not from markets ) so no commemorative ones , so far i just looking for making sets full . 
  have full french and italian sets before we even had euro . 
  it is always fun to get one from far of countries though . 
  first separatist idiots racing in armored veichels now this ... 
  have not seen so much people in bus or train station ... 
  true but i guess that russia is too big to ignore . 
  and belarus as such also surives because of russia . 
  it 's the best ( and only ) thing ;d, 
  and yet you guys try to integrate us in more ways than one ... 
  belarus is ruled by dictatorship ... 
  still part of europe i guess ... 
  i hope so . 
  i want medals ... 
  not by much but a bit better for avarage consumer buying off internet . 
  :d too bad that we are no longer that good ... 
  it should be grand ... grand !, 
  something like [ this ] ( http://www.calgarycoin.com/medieval/4576lg.jpg ) . 
  i actually like that ... in fact it 's fun to collect euros in general . 
  we now can get better deals buying in dollars and other currencies . 
  unlike western europe we love eu and euro ( at least in general and even when it 's not good for us ) . 
  and why the fuck is greece in there while lithuania is not ? 
  we cause less problems . 
  no thanks ... 
  we are human beings ... 
  i know . 
  i just want to see study on presonality cults ( not dicttatorial ones too ) . 
  someone shoud study this ... 
  americans ... 
  broomsticks ... 
  whe is deep web ? 
  you too ... comrade ... 
  only sick russians and mad dogs do it ... 
  imagine that would help ... sucks to take it out everythime you 're outside ... 
  well if you have some weapon in your hand ... 
  if not ... cover your face . 
  it 's projections fucking with you ... 
  hey but if it attacks you you can kill it ? 
  it works ... for now ... 
  we do n't really shave armpits here too ... 
  all debt is not payable ... let 's have a party . 
  first time seeing the term ... 
  will you die for wilno though , remembar our arguments ? 
  jealous ? 
  should have not occupied us one time too many ... 
  that 's how greece feels about macedonia . 
  well local news showed a concert that was made for nato troops ( italians ) they also got to try out our musical instruments . 
  just you wait ... 
  spread ? 
  sure . 
  but baltic tribes interacted with ( looting or otherwise ) slavic christians first some of the first churches might have been theirs too ( for their own use ) . 
   pivnica which means ` cellar ' in slovak daubtfull ... 
  it probobly comes from old slavic since they were first christians that we interacted a lot . 
  should have stayed with us and not that commie rapist cunt ... 
  yet he does not seem to be against tanks ... 
  as much as eu is flawed and we dislike it it is needed to makes us stronger . 
  and all it 's flaws are our flaws because we are the europe . 
  would like to end it with lithuania 's motto `` the strength of the nation lies in unity '' . 
  yes bricks , sorry . 
  though there were good amount of stones lying about too until soviet industrialization . 
  and also there were stones used . 
  i think it was in layers like this [ one ] ( http://s305.photobucket.com/user/atatiurkas/media/thdsc_0052-3.jpg.html ) . 
  this is trakai peninsula castle btw . 
  mind you modern trakai castle looks to be made from bricks only because they made it that way . 
  ( there are still holes in reconstructed wall to see how original have looked ) . 
  u wot ? 
  they are so cute ... 
  i know a good weapon against them though ... 
  the welshman ... 
  it 's on the rise ... 
  yep . 
  there was argument about commonwealth in there too ... well at least that one was civil and more of a circlejerk ... oh while we are at it poland has really only one challenge and it 's not geographic one but ... you can finish the sentence yourselves . 
  wanted to post it but have not seen one with subtitles before ... 
  yeah looks familiar ... 
  most of these were breaked by something big happening or were shitty small unions . 
  we had a lot of them too . 
  only most important castles along nemunas river and in rus lands were made out of stone so we have a lot of castle hills left . 
  there are also older ones that date bc . 
  sorry dude ...
