  not helping . 
  one bit . 
  * sarcasm detected * bip bop, 
  interesting . 
  newer thought about it like that . 
  who cares . 
  ditch the shitty sect . 
  i know . 
  which is one of main reasons it 's not going anywhere soon . 
  unless people there really want to split off but they get their money from russia so ... 
  sure, 
  we are joking any way . 
  kaliningrad is not going anywhere soon unless people there or putin really wants otherwise . 
  our air force is , how should i put it , `` lacking '' . 
  well in general i think many members of nordic countries have differences . 
  denmark and iceland are not located in scandinavian peninsula , finland is finno - ugric and so on . 
  so in that sense why not invite estonia . 
  ahh nobody cared of what they wanted the last time , nobody will care this time ;p, 
  well eastern part has less . 
  have n't boars in eastern poland been hunted for swine plague ? 
  at least in eastern lithuania that has been the case . 
  remember when russian [ troll ... army ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2z4m4lnjxky ) was so much nicer ? 
  nobody though war will happen there . 
  wait what ? 
  true enough , for europe at least but the dream of living like scandinavians does n't die . 
  it 's not like you will have to deploy them . 
  germany, 
  i would not be against that . 
  well we might be `` russian '' in the eyes of westerners but you know how we really are . 
  and also i 'm from younger generation , born in independent lithuania so to me soviet union is truly an history . 
  but what do you mean by region ? 
  i remember a lot of people harassed me when i said that finland is not nordic . 
  i though scandinavia is the region and being nordic is something else . 
  rather i know - it 's rich kids club . 
  what does it have to do with climate ? 
  and if finland is nordic then why not estonia ? 
   independence but how would they sustain themselves ? 
  why is germany objecting if other countries are willing to send troops eh ? 
  dew it, 
  what is diversity officer though, 
  i guess i agree but it would preferable that germany took it but anyway . 
  so if the rest of europe votes for anti eu fascists , spain would vote for commies ? 
  i mean yes , i 'm totally a fictional character ... singularity is not here , i am vi . 
  so what do we do ? 
  true . 
  if we speak percentages we would have a russian minority of a size similar to that of a latvia i believe , that be said economically speaking we might be worse off because that oblast is funded by russia . 
  and we sure as hell do n't want poland having it ;p so maybe germany ? 
  hey scotland psst , over here , wan na join eu separately , kid ? 
  nobody really wants it because it 's russian and poor . 
  sit around a camp-fire and let me tell a story about a land of old gods , a land of baltic prussia . 
  it all began when ... 
  ... kill all the humans ... 
  kill all the humans ... 
  well i guess as long as we are united then that 's okay . 
  leaving is a shitty option i much prefer reforms and increase of unity . 
  dunno for me life means opportunity so more life more opportunity . 
  [ pretty much this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=st8bpig6djo ), 
  either make more babies , move in some people , or my favourite - extend lifespan . 
  link blocked by anti virus ... 
  ** sexy *, 
  it 's sad but it 's true . 
  well on the other hand those who care about immigration and refuges , positively or negatively , it does not matter , should take care of what is happening in africa . 
  eastern europe a ? 
  well true but that is debatable . 
  and could care less what they think and i 'm not exactly for immigration or for our countries side emigration at least in general . 
  heh linkevi\u010dius you `` little '' rascal . 
  migrate to sub that must not mentioned ( unless they changed that rule ) on fridays :d ? 
  maybe . 
  but i think we should also post non political stuff like photos of countries and other cultural and social developments . 
  well pretty much . 
  always have to stroke british ego . 
  well at least we know how the game works . 
  well if they would be fully dependent of state then yeah it 's problematic . 
  best thing would be to dump them to narva give some jobs and let them fight with russians . 
  ahh, 
  that 's why i choose undecided . 
  well that 's not much unless he is afraid that more will be send after they agree . 
  yeah i 'm reading this now . 
  those pictures of happy soldiers going about their lives and realizing that they are gone now . 
  what did they think and what was on their minds when they were entering the ukraine i wonder . 
  well glad to hear it ... look at me defending poles :d, 
  they helped uk during wwii and that 's what they get now lol . 
  so will brotherly war continue this summer ? 
  i guess we will have to stay tuned . 
  umm no . 
  whatever that is ... 
  easy . 
  i almost newer shower in the morning . 
  though i do shower late at night . 
  seriously ? 
  that man looks like older version of some celebrity or someone famous but i ca n't remember whom . 
   asia : russia , belarus , ukraine , latvia , lithuania , estonia , turkey , moldova that 's just stupid . 
  i 'm kind of looking into big picture if automation strips us from most of jobs and only few of new ones are created then we might just have to make basic income a reality which is not surprising since humanity always wanted more free time and less work . 
  ohh look slaves . 
  how much one head costs ? 
  estonia big ttip stronk, 
  it 's porn cameron . 
  just porn ... 
  i know her too . 
  her family member was king of the commonwealth .
