  i do n't are about their levels or if they are elected democratically or not . 
  they both are political inconveniences . 
  yes , yes never attacked homosexuals , against aborts , wants to pray the ~ ~ gay ~ ~ drought away . 
  we get it . 
  religious people . 
  need less of them , especially in politics . 
  no , it is you without perspective . 
  people , some socialists like corbyn are way more dangerous to well being of eastern europe , nato , then saudis , even if they are religious crazies . 
  good . 
  no , i will dislike what i want , thank you very much . 
  there are reasons why corbyn is dangerous too me . 
  do n't tell what i should like . 
  too me they both are annoying . 
  i like them , it 's like `` fuck you all , people '' in a sassy way . 
  from someone who might take it away . 
  i wo n't point fingers , because threats can come from various places . 
  maybe . 
  what good are these things if you ca n't defend them ? 
  they both are worthy of each other . 
  whole lot of them . 
  and who was that self righteous cunt asking for `` culture '' ? 
  you want some freedom boy ? 
  baltic friends . 
  [ ayy ] ( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/polandball/images/4/49/bulgaria_is_in_bad_mood.png/revision/latest?cb=20150728044852 ), 
  `` the strength of the nation lies in unity '', 
  what cb ? 
  glitter meme is not new you know . 
  that was easy ... 
  yes , or rather inside club in eu , with baltics , poland , belarus , ukraine maybe some other countries . 
  crazy frenchies . 
  the point i was trying to make is that genocide is the product of organized humanity , not half naked people in furs trying to survive and loot . 
  the fact that there were concentration camps , orders were issued , and there was systematic persecution tells me otherwise . 
  if they killed jews for non ideological reasons then it would senseless violence , here it had thought out twisted idea . 
  he is against transhumanism , that is a person that i ` am most opposed . 
   francis fukuyama fuck that guy . 
  barbarism would be senseless chaotic violence of half rabid animal , holocaust was made by precision of civilized humans . 
   the russians were the only ones capable to make sure that no bloodshed occured xddddddddddddddd, 
  if that could have happened . 
  this is alternative history , too hard to guess . 
  little too late . 
  need to defend our * golden liberty . 
  * * also if we do no reforms russia might not attacks us * . 
  now not all of nobles believed this but ... shit . 
  it reminds me of some european countries . 
  you can look golden liberty too . 
  also , more then half of these people are outside eu . 
  though that was perhaps in 2014 . 
  you can find information in parliament website , pdf file . 
  i predict people will still be immigrating . 
  sejm you say . 
  * sniffs * , * scratches belly * . 
  i use * liberum veto . 
  and what weapons have germany sold to syria or rebels ? 
  might i ask ? 
  most peaceful solution was never for putin to send troops ? 
  no , he wants no of them . 
  well , rather make it for them so they do n't even try . 
  ehem ... ukraine . 
   ` demonstrating [ their ] own expressed sexual preferences in public places , '' i know that it will not be so but : `` i 'm straight '' `` of to the jail for you boy '', 
  guardian comment section ... why this retardation . 
  oldie but goodie . 
  would n't want to offend anyone would we now ... 
  / u/vilnius2013 i exist in you mate . 
  basic lego was shit tbh mega blocks with dragons was great though . 
  if we are talking critical timing then the reasons for it : we were surrounded by buffer of tribes , except from the east , and when russians of former kiev rus started to push we managed to muster defenses , this helped to unite against threat , at that point we were moving closer to something of feudalism , forming federations of petty dukes both for defense and raiding , and so on , still curonians were at this process too , but looks what happened to them . 
  it is interesting to note that one of least noticeable baltic tribes managed to created a state . 
  skeletor and friends ... 
  perhaps . 
  i might get license for teaching , as it is right now i 'm studying history . 
  do estonians have trams ? 
  i dread to think what they will do in lithuania , now i 'm not a teacher yet , but it does make a turn off . 
  absolutely patriarchal . 
  i spy , with my little lithuanian nazi eye , something minor and oppressed . 
   from someone who have never eaten in a school dinner in his life you and me buddy . 
  pensions . 
  someone can find europe statistics ? 
  they should just closed it off too . 
  papa would not be proud , frau merkel . 
  or maybe he would . 
  oh yes ... 
  i ` am laughing my hearts desire . 
  do n't worry , i did not read it either . 
  i prefer silmarillion . 
  \u017duv\u0117dai yes ? 
  remove haradrim . 
  liberate south gondor . 
  i just realised that they pay some guy to spend all day sitting and watching dank memes . 
  they can see me shitposting . 
   aim would be to overcome islam the religion all in due time ... 
  about time we become one . 
  you mean from russia , putin ? 
  yeah ... not quite same things dude . 
  not to mention there is no propaganda ( or at least no hard on ) that says something like `` pole is your eternal enemy , do n't let him write his name as he wants '' . 
  because law says so . 
  it does not matter for average person . 
  i aware of that . 
  maybe they use europa universalis rival system . 
  ca n't take on too weak rivals oh like mongolia or georgia ( can invade them though ) . 
  well intersex people are n't a new thing . 
  i 'm aware of that .
