well internet speeds differ here too but main thing is that we have pretty good industry ( or whatever internet infrastructure should be called ) and low user count ... 
  but i though that romania has fastest internet ... 
   much bigger between latvian and latgallian . 
  interesting . 
  i assumed that letts are basically latvians and every other tribe was assimilated . 
  in lithuania we have like 2 dialects but ton of sub dialects . 
  also i 'm interested by vidzeme because it was like border region between letts and livonians but currently it 's grouped with middle latvia dialects . 
  so i know that pretty much all of tribal languages are dead ( like curonian , selonian ) but are there any effect on dialects ? 
  i assume that selonian region people talk a little bit differently then letts ? 
  same like samogitians in lithuania . 
  hey what part of latvia are you from because i have some questions . 
  mayhaps you will be able to help me ... 
  kumas is godfather or a friend and great is didis or didysis . 
  europe is essentially space . 
  therefore poland can into space . 
  wait ! ... 
  you here too !? 
  i 'm not saying it 's more appropriate . 
  this will be speculation but i think that [ church slavonic ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_church_slavonic ) who came with christianity into kiev rus had greek influences . 
  and since grand duchy of lithuania ruled big chunk of rus lands that influence rubbed on . 
  invading would be strong word . 
  but proxy war too weak ... 
  yup . 
  though i feel that people are being too sentimental about this ... 
  yeah ... everyone is making fuss about colors in lithuania ... 
  makes sense . 
  they are surrounded an only way out of it is guarded by nato turkey ... 
   kittens sitting on them well ... [ maybe ? 
  ] ( http://www.inquisitr.com/1449328/isis-cat-photo-memes-attempt-to-use-kittens-as-propaganda-for-the-islamic-state/ ), 
  yeah there was i reason why everyone was scared of that submarine that sweden was chasing ... 
  ahh that i do n't know ... 
  to latvia and maybe poland . 
  that 's impressive trailer . 
  [ all aboard !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmpdt4ik9yo ), 
  ah so here lies root of your problems ... 
   space the last polan frontier . 
  and it 's stupid , dishonest and also demagaing to those who want to work ... basically he is just another populist . 
  enemy - russia . 
  rival - poland , i guess . 
  good enough for us . 
  as i said before . 
  leave if you want . 
  eu policies are for those who want to take part . 
  fuck farage and fuck him hard with a baseball bat . 
  http://markasftw.com/ this guys is cool though . 
  umm why do you need him here to exit eu ? 
  to me it just seems as distructive behaviuor . 
  just make referendum yourselfs . 
  no need to drag eu into this . 
  especially when we have bigger problems . 
  as i understand he wants to get out of eu so why is he here ? 
  his political stances might be damaging to those who wish to work together for common goals as it is intendent in eu . 
  this contradicting piece of shit ? 
  that grinch face . 
  he has no place eu parlament in the first place . 
  she kind of looks like a female version of our pm ... 
  if i lived in vilnius right now , or election was 1 year later i would have voted for him . 
  really ? 
  interesting ... 
  no to farage grinch !, 
  eu all the way !, 
  czech being sell outs ... 
  in small dosage , yes . 
  these guys discredit ukrainian cause ... 
  good . 
  go give them hell . 
  to gulag with you ... 
  was about to write same thing ... 
  getche dishwasher here !, 
   prussian and yotvingian pagan religions there are no such thing . 
  every tribe had differences and similarities . 
  in general they all are called baltic mythology and baltic pagan religion . 
   is the name dalia derived from one of the lithunian goddesses not sure but it might be . 
   the holy roman empire sucked big time eh ... 
  she will be kaiserina of holy european empire . 
  somewhere around sauthern germany.name is not important . 
  well what are you asking exactly ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_mythology here are the basics ... 
  your mamma ... 
  [ sobs ... ] ( http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/enhanced/web05/2012/3/5/11/enhanced-buzz-wide-3466-1330963781-33.jpg ), 
  indeed . 
  i think we do , but maybe not often , also most markets are small so we use diminutive - turgelis . 
  we use tugus more often , and turgaviet\u0117 could mean the place on which is market based on , basically all the fields , yards . 
  indeed . 
  i was referencing those places , both infamous and one that i found in western poland . 
   might cause offence this is the problem these days . 
  turgus is market in lithuanian , vieta is place , turgaviet\u0117 - marketplace . 
  well , good luck . 
  i believe you can find similar names in ukraine and poland too . 
  no , white battle mage condemns you . 
  do n't ask me what kind of school of magic it is ... 
  sure . 
  estonians and latvians , what are your thoughts on this ? 
  german ... too easy ... 
  then why make fuss . 
  i was not joking so why anecdote ? 
  and what the hell are you talking about rules , i was just talking about my perspective and what i noticed in countryside that i visit . 
   but saying that , i do n't have any religious affiliations and i love immersing myself in new cultures . 
  then , form most part , you should not have big problems , i assume it will be english courses ?
