  i 'm talking from lithuanian point of perspective . 
  do they ? 
  like seriously . 
   usa is worse : ddddd, 
  no shit . 
  and that 's why turkey is not in the eu . 
  or maybe because of other reasons . 
  yeah , i was like `` wf '' . 
  i 'm more interested in solar and thorium/molten salt reactors . 
  i want human systems alliance ... 
   you want russia to be broken apart with obedient people in charge . 
  that would couse more instability and danger from country with nuclear arsenal . 
  so no . 
  that 's not what they want . 
   namely in baltimore and ferguson . 
  that ' t was other reasons . 
  these are getting less and less important and there are other sources . 
  dunno a lot of us are inclined to stay actually though economic realities might change this opinion . 
  could have been overturned is not outside forces influencing inside politics . 
  what 's else on the news . 
  though maybe my generation will fix this shite . 
   ukraine has been always a crucial piece to russia . 
   ottoman russia and sweden absoliutly not . 
  it 's russia , austria and prussia . 
  lithuanian big, 
  `` lot 's of fucking over there . '', 
  george carlin, 
  bound to happen with new tanks just off the shelf . 
  why briefly ? 
  why do even need one in naples ? 
  for fighting north africa ? 
  doing secularization i see . 
  chinease will be new jews . 
  :d you got it wrong . 
  i was just stating that us and allies liberated western europe now i suppose one can question if they can truly be called liberators because of their crimes but that includes both us and ussr . 
  but war crimes are committed almost always so maybe it 's not a good way to decide who was liberator . 
  most people just use national memory and pride to decide i personally do n't give a fuck . 
  so grow up yourself . 
  i was not talking about that . 
  mods for the mod god, 
  some parts of europe were indeed liberated by us and their allies . 
  like italy , france . 
  it 's eastern european so to speak . 
  byzantines were a bureaucracy prone to plutocracy and orthodox . 
  no we should n't because that 's bad too just other way around . 
  you are of byzantine influenced culture too but also islam so it pushes you back a bit towards middle east but turkey is not arab country either . 
  so somewhere in between . 
  after all asia minor was indeed transitional area . 
  some of it the truly russian part is of course european . 
  but overall it might be too difficult to assign . 
  i would say it 's byzantine culture and eastern influenced . 
  i do n't know about that ... 
  that would explain some things possibly . 
  it is at least briefly mentioned in lithuania . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/30th_waffen_grenadier_division_of_the_ss there were , for example french that fought on other side . 
   adam and steve, 
  true democracy would be finding common ground witth all gruops and making desitions that would suit both gruops . 
  that 's kind of bad . 
  it was a similar situation in lithuania too , though currently there are changes happening and more younger people are entering politics , replacing baby boomers and other `` communists '' . 
  anarchy or incompetence ? 
  because if it 's latter then you might need new faces in politics and reduction of corruption . 
  anarchy is never democracy . 
  incompetence too , though that 's human . 
  i you do n't want your basic human right insured then fine . 
  those that murdered yes . 
  but guards , doctors ? 
  there were worse people . 
  that 's what author says making ironic portraits of murderers rapist and other prisoners . 
  convicts , funny accent , mates , dude that died from sting ray , movie about the guy with machete , spiders , dry , aborigines ... 
  europe not some specific country . 
  and maidan was [ january 13 of ukraine . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/january_events_\\ ( lithuania \\ ) ), 
  counting gold ? 
  that 's meh . 
  sometimes prisoners where part of that , in fact we have popular book in lithuania `` forest of gods '' that describes life in concentration camp and believe me ss officers were not the worst in some cases . 
  last part is true and we ( humanity as the whole ) will have to look into it eventually . 
  good god no . 
  nah i mean from many countries of nato . 
  especially from those countries that only border other nato countries . 
  i mean they do n't need them there while we could have use of them . 
  i said that we are not angels , nobody is . 
  [ russia world cup 2018 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mf5bhz87czs ), 
  good . 
  now how about you send 10 k or so soldiers in baltic states . 
  well fundamentally west is democracy so even if we fuck up we at least try to keep human rights and well being while russia can not offer that . 
  what russia need is not false nationalism and crimea but rather democracy and will to make country actually great . 
  well ok maybe it 's impressive . 
  but i 'm not good in economics and we seem to get fed false info once in a while people saying that russia is collapsing while others say that it 's economy is growing . 
  it 's never too soon . 
  maybe, 
  whooping 2 percent . 
  remember though . 
  we ca n't keep letting everyone in . 
  we need some ideas on this . 
  not going to stop some lady from getting boned by her `` great dane '' lol . 
  so who 's doing better ? 
  portugal vs lithuania . 
  to some extent yes but overly massive migrations i do n't like . 
  ca n't see the reasons . 
  well i can see albanian reasons but in general western powers want macedonia in .
