  dunno about you but my family has brought meat from such farmers . 
  well , i never seen factory so it 's interesting difference from some farm where babushka keeps chickens , pigs and maybe a cow . 
  people then usually treat animals better , well unless owner is violent in general , and prone to outbursts . 
  whose is little cute snacksbar ? 
  yes you are . 
  hmm , like for worms or something like that , that was in elementary classes i believe . 
  give flair so i can talk shit on you too , or be gone . 
  sorely lacks vytis . 
  [ i like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nbie3at.png ) , curtsey to / r/heraldry, 
  damm , even i do n't whine that much , well , most of the time . 
  yeah , you are right . 
  indeed , though i heard it 's a rule that is not fallowed so orthodoxly in some regions . 
  dammit !, 
  how i missed this detail !? 
  fuck , shit ... 
  bolsheviks could n't either . 
  sucks to be tornian . 
  it has to do with russian - lithuanian ( and other baltics and perhaps other neighbours ) relations and history . 
  about better neighbours . 
  btw , is there really no bars , you would think otherwise ... 
  my message was rather that he is not refugee but economic migrant , well , at least i hope that the case . 
  eastern/western europe are as much as political/historical/cultural thing ( which mean it can be moved around according to parameters ) and geographical ( which is problematic because europe has unclear natural borders , could be considered peninsula ) . 
  irony is best served hot . 
  interesting side note . 
  the poop children carry for inspection of parasites is called `` aukselis '' . 
  which is diminutive for gold . 
  think what you want about this . 
   `` you can tell the world i hate finland . 
  it 's too cold , there 's no tea , no restaurants , no bars , nobody on the streets , only cars , '' 22-year-old muhammed told afp in tornio , that 's refugees for you , folks . 
  bloody fools . 
  they expected too much . 
   all tenants who 's contract was thus terminated received help with finding a new flat so , there are free flats after all ? 
  well it 's fake tv show so it dos not really matter , basically you can find video with subtitles ( or maybe i will post it later ) , but supposedly that man thinks he can fly . 
  [ by allah no ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjqgrdshnus&amp;t=0m18s ), 
  do n't ask me , i never even tried smoking it , not even once . 
  indeed , purely speculating , but i bet we someday have technologies to negate all of those effects , but it is easier to find new ways to drug ourselfs . 
  sure , i 'm just saying that in the future we could have technology that negates that `` bad '' , or fixes damage made to body . 
  guess where was industry from europe moved ? 
  that would be counter productive , and you probably will have tougher body , made out of tougher materials , or maybe regeneration ( gene therapy ) . 
  possibilities are endless . 
   that 's not possible , dummy not possible right now , dummy . 
  not going to happen , same thing with smoking . 
  best thing is to make meat and cigarettes that give same good effects and remove negative ones . 
  they would not even speak lithuanian , and unemployment is high enough . 
  not sure if their degrees would be of any use here too . 
  and there is also automation , though that 's more long term and uncertain . 
  i was hopeful , but i expected as much ... 
  now give me eastern . 
  reminds me of [ this . 
  95 - 99 turnout . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/people%27s_seimas ) vsited central archive of lithuania recently , they talked how it can be faked . 
   you should n't be furious at germany , you should be laughing your ass off at the stupidity . 
  many secretly are i guess . 
  mate ... 
  thanks for the link . 
  just a waste of time , money and paper , i mean it will not accomplish anything meaningful . 
  maybe author should just fuck off and let people choose if they wa n't to go or not . 
  i believe it 's even cheaper in lithuania , though i do n't buy much beer theses days . 
  reminds me one night when i drank a we bit too much of beer and cuba libre , that be said , i as gentleman , walked over to up stares bathroom , took a vomit , and then returned to party . 
  some people said that it is good for russia 's domestic production/economy , how true is that ? 
  it could affect sea currents , and climate in baltic region could less milder , more similar to that of european russia . 
  still , it would not be good for you , it 's similar how it was to commie regime here . 
  indeed , someone give them a bottle of wine , at least just this once , 
  haram . 
  let 's be honest here , who in the right mind , without death wish , would have deserted . 
   hun police authorities scourge of migrants, 
  umm does state collects taxes from you because you are christian , muslim and so on ? 
  you know what would be better ? 
  denouncement of organized religion . 
   to the term '' \u00fcbermensch '' how do you understand ? 
  asking just for curiosity . 
   had their right to worship and pay taxes ... 
  well some of conquered tribes would turn their swords and stab germans in the back so there is that . 
  nope, 
  ok , now that is a troll right there . 
   who told us that we can decide what they should think ? 
  they can think what they want but acting out on their thoughts is a different matter , be it radicalism or political islam , or in fact islam in general is no good . 
  5,6,7 are not really good and wo n't work . 
  nope, 
  look at my flair , look at muslim population statistics in europe . 
  also i 'm an atheist , so fuck off with your mohammedan names . 
   use weapons as long as no loss of life ensues . 
  hey , why replace one group of fanatics with the other ? 
  old news . 
  yeah , i agree , where is proof . 
  do it , send link . 
  ok thanks for proofs . 
  deserves some explaining . 
   crazy activists and anarhists wait what ? 
  how about nobody leaves anything and we all are happy ? 
   i 'm voting for to be jeremy corbyn ok , do n't be crazy . 
  these one ones should get citizenship . 
  well provided they are loyal . 
  yes , smash the commie . 
  do it . 
  just stop . 
   offering assistance what assistance exactly ? 
  i assume you can still give food/water and medical assistance ? 
  basketball . 
  if it involves lithuania then it 's basketball .
