  by my original comment i meant that there is no nostalgia for germans . 
  fuck that . 
  it 's old prussia . 
  and they believed ... 
  were ? 
  in lithuania ? 
  sure , mostly in capital , but you can find them in other cities too , though i would east asians are the ones that travel about more . 
  well they told you . 
  i live in the opposite side of lithuania , it was fascinating for me first time to visit just as for you to see it . 
  that 's baltic sea i believe ( i do n't think this is curonian lagoon ) and dunes are part of curonian spit . 
  you can look up wikipedia pages for basic info . 
  i found it useful when you want to have calm bladder , at least for me . 
  and my legs are always cold these days . 
  i have hot water pusle ( how is called in english ? ), 
  and some thyme ( ciobrelis ) with honey . 
  meanwhile i am freezing my ass off in streets and inside flat . 
  we can start one . 
  with more transhumanism and hookers . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jktnvst9teg ) could be recruitment video , just replace cool flashy guns , with drones blowing up isis . 
  do n't mind him ... 
  it was pretty stronk once , after all . 
  btw can you give me a link to that video , i ca n't find it . 
  but where is proofs ? 
  well , have to keep loyalty in the right place . 
  ooga booga u be cursed, 
  that 's us my friend . 
  indeed , that 's way you do n't go to sa . 
  me to , my fusion , universal income , and automation friend . 
  no but seriously fuck saudis . 
  `` guys , guys they are coming to take us from greece !, 
  just pretend to be from eritrea . '', 
  `` really ? 
  were they will be taking us ? '', 
  `` lithuania . '', 
  remember , no arabic . '', 
  yeah , yeah . 
  nigger can be used without racist connotation . 
  bah , as if we not using certain words will make you racist or not racist . 
   it is one of the very few words which is off-limits . 
  why ? 
  what makes it more racist then yank or frog ? 
  because it 's never , because these days we do n't want offend anyone , because pakistanis are more brown then us ? 
  or maybe because you are british and that 's why it 's more offensive to you then me . 
  it 's all subjective i guess . 
  well ok i agree with second part . 
  first part , not so much , since it reminds of feminist style of play with words . 
  remember everything is offensive to everyone , and we should try not to offend anyone ? 
  what i 'm arguing is that word can be used without it 's connotation , i mean to me , and since i did not knew about this term , it was just shortened version of the word pakistani . 
  racist terms are like all other terms , they are invented . 
  here , here we go again . 
  bullying me over your racists terms , well guess what , they are racist to you not me , and i would certainly rather talk with like minded pakistanis then with you , if it would warm your pc heart . 
  or perhaps i did not known that is offensive and did not care huh ? 
  never thought about this huh ? 
  i have seen paki used by plenty of people without none other negative words , so to me it was just shortened version . 
  anyways i will stand adamant on my positions , and will not let be bullied over words , this exchange is over . 
  i know , but that is a whoooole different story . 
  dunno , their zeal to leave eu is funny to me , that 's all . 
  somebody make meme with pepe , and uk behind fence . 
  house or flat ? 
  `` in 2013 , 14 % of people migrating to the uk were british nationals , 38 % were nationals of other eu countries , and 47 % were nationals of non-eu countries . '', 
  this is from parliament statistics . 
  i will laugh if stay wins referendum , or if they vote out but nothing changes and people will still be pissed off . 
  that mean no more immigrants from commonwealth countries , no more pakis and indians ? 
  he will fell of the tractor and die before getting the crown . 
  because russia . 
   guy is paid by his government who ? 
  i wished ... 
  here people , look at this genuine product - a homo sovieticus . 
  long live grand duke batka the first !, 
  then i guess smokers are stupid or something . 
  i mean if i was smoker i would still smoke , or just put cigarettes in some kind of package and never have to see the bloody thing . 
  anyways this is shit . 
  people will still be smoking and cigarettes will still be harmful , less money for cigarette industry jack offs but that 's it . 
  west could try playing putins style of game . 
  blame everyone , do n't do anything and then do what you want . 
  are you sure you are british ? 
  indeed ... two birds with one stone . 
  not if danes have something to say about that i guess . 
  i would rather counsellor changed putin but whatever . 
  i know i know . 
  i 'm not great at grammar . 
  packaging wo n't do shit . 
  this is not a solution . 
  well yea , it is decision . 
  but either way i will laugh if referendum decides on staying or uk leaves but nothing for uk changes for the better and those parties that pushed for referendum get backfire . 
  either way right now i 'm just interested in how it play out . 
  yeah , i forgot reval ... 
  well yeah , i 'm student . 
  old town of tallinn . 
  and losing citizens . 
  second one too . 
  or rather it does not make sense . 
  you want to be part of eu but you do n't ? 
  methinks it 's just a way for uk to say that leaving was eu 's fault only . 
  ignore twat below , he has some truth but vilnius certainly was not purely polish . 
  it had strong jewish and orthodox influence . 
  at least in recent history . 
  germans had stronger presence only during middle ages . 
  ok ok ... let uk leave , happy now ? 
  i does not matter either way .
