  umm ... why are you saying that ? 
  phoenicians who got arabized . 
  also somewhat secular then some neighbours . 
  well indeed , i 'm not ruling out teachers work . 
  i 've heard of the channel but did not looked into it , i think it focuses on word war i , yes ? 
  i 'm more of a medievalist . 
  well , indeed , i 'm hoping to turn it into career , that be said i will need to see how good i 'm + possibly study a bit more , get higher degree . 
  not fully sure , i mean i could always become teacher but ehh ... rather would work in museum ... 
  i mean studying history is not a career path . 
  history . 
  sexy, 
  ahh , they will be fine , kids are interested in their ( or other peoples ) bodies . 
  but north never forgibs, 
  your history . 
  police , i 'm not surprised , army is more interesting though . 
  awesome . 
  south shall rise again ? 
  you look into our history just from 15th -16 th century , and onwards , when we were in close relation with poland ... then of course lithuanian language was in decline . 
  but to understand it you have to understand situation . 
  we were late with whole christianity thing , with meant that lithuanian language was only oral language , until first writings showed up in 16-17 centuries . 
  so indeed for long administrative texts were written at first in old church slavonic , then polish , latin , maybe some german . 
  that be said , our pagan and some of the later christian monarchs and nobles did talk in lithuanian , among other languages , it was 17 century when nobility became very polonized . 
  and no , lithuanian was not spoken in just zemaitija , you can look it up in wikipedia , old lithuanian written language did not have standard and was different in parts of lithuania , you had on in sammogitia , aukstaitija ( were i 'm from ) and suvalkija ( which was the one dialect that is closest to modern lithuanian language , why ? 
  because serfdom was abolished first there , which meant that our intelligentsia , linguists authors rose from that part of lithuania ) . 
  also , small note on nobility . 
  for example , a lot of english nobility , some kings , spoke french , i believe king richard the lion heart even lived more in france then in england . 
  so would you say he is not important for history of england ( does not mean he is not important to france either ) ? 
  you have to realize that for nobles , and for people in general at the time , nationality was not necessary most important thing . 
  people often care more about their social status ( nobles tended to nobles , merchants craftsmen joined guilds ( corporations of the time ) , and religion or your liege ( feudal relationship ) was even more important , but of course it maybe hard for modern man to understand this . 
  well , it 's not like there are butt load of jews in germany anyway . 
   tories will be in power well that maybe good for lithuania on political stand point of view , but what about uk internal politics ? 
  you just pissed off one of our mods ... ahh , that 's fine . 
  indeed , i always see transhumanist , progressive ( in a science sense ) , and similar parties but they do n't get much votes . 
  well i suppose green parties sometimes offer good things , but in lithuania they are more focused on rural areas , farmers , not sure how it is with them in uk . 
  reading a bit of his political views ... ehhh ... why are socialists obsessed with feminism ? 
  if they support such things instead of supporting true progress ( medicine , technology , space exploration , environment protection ) they will never get my vote . 
  ahh then maybe . 
  i 'm not too familiar on british politics . 
  i just tend to look form lithuanias political point of view , as in `` which of the wankers would be most helpful if eastern neighbour starts barging in '' . 
  no no no pls . 
  he wants out of nato and so on , just pls no . 
  well it 's not like i treat them like this ( me personally ) hell i might be persuaded for bilingual signs , or passports , thing is though lithuanians have that fear of letting minorities or just other nationalities get upper hand ( we do n't want repeat of when historical capital is dominated by foreigners ) , also some people fear the russians would ask more rights , give pretext for russia , though personally i do n't think so . 
  and in general we have thing backwards , people could get those signs and passports , but at the same time they should be encouraged to learn lithuanian , and should not get preferential treatment during exams ( pet pew of a student , i know ) . 
  indeed , fuck the wanker . 
  key word there is `` was '' . 
  i mean if you think that enemies carry over trough history , or that i hate poles then you are mistaken . 
  i mean poland and lithuania fought before , become allies , fought again , and now we are allies . 
  and it 's for the best it would stay that way , because i 'm against changes of borders or wars in europe . 
  though russia is making short work of it . 
  heh , if you think that non communist will say something good about him then you are mistaken . 
  we just wash our hands off , i mean while soviets had us by the balls , smetona still agreed to take vilnius in 1940 , make best of the worst situation , while surrounded by two aggressive enemies . 
  well , poland was kind of our enemy too at the time , in a sense that our goals differed . 
  i mean it 's politics , we should not sweat over historical politics . 
  it 's not like we were alone . 
  indeed , that 's why arms had to do speaking instead of diplomats . 
   well , bolsheviks wanted to make relations between poland and lithuania as worse as possible so of course they did it . 
  they have lost their war with us though , so any deal they could possibly offer you was groundless . 
  not exactly , it was groundless in a sense that poland could not give a shit what bolsheviks but we could also not give a shit what poland thought either , since we wrote peace treaty with them earlier . 
   end exactly this kind of thinking is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  you considered areas where you were a minority ( and a really small one , i 'd add ) an `` ethnic part '' of your country , and threw a big tantrum when other countries called on this bullshit . 
  irony on it 's best poland . 
  also what other countries objected besides poland , your allies french aaaaand ? 
  and it 's not like those places were polonized long ago , and it 's not like there were good chunk of lithuanians there , and it 's not like it was historical/ethnic border ... 
   you ca n't eat your cake and have it too . 
  i think we did . 
  30 per cent of poles in malaty ( mol\u0117tai ) ? 
  : ddddddd riiiight . 
  it 's like 3 tops these days . 
  nah i do n't trust this map , at least for portions of it ( area around vilnius is right to some extant but it also took number of polonized lithuanians so , and besides they lithuania would not have accepted the deal because simply bolshevik piece deal offered bigger tracts of land ( like grodno ) that were considered ethnic part of lithuania , even if poles or belarusians made up majority . 
  they congregate in bbc world news ( that 's the only bbc thing i can watch ) ? 
  when you watch bbc , a dick you see . 
  bb = bybys + dick , c = see . 
  ok enough if immature jokes . 
  you fell for her or something , 
  that 's from short time tactical view point , but was n't the whole intermarrium thing an idea for recreation of commonwealth ? 
  i thought it was one of main point where poles and lithuanians disagreed . 
  i mean poland wanted lithuania ( sure vilnius was polish at the time but good chunk of lithuania was not ) while lithuanias wanted country based on ethnic borders and not in union or federation or whatever , i mean if we did we could have joined up with belarus ( if they were not integrated into soviet union so fast ) , and restored gdl ( essentially ) btw i 'm interested in whole intermarium thing . 
  i can sympathize with poles over it , in fact . 
  if you have her ? 
  probably not . 
  because we suck ... really , never take too much of immigrants in , take just enough , just the amount you need . 
  good looking ?? 
  what about her ? 
  more like successful reclamation ( also some of them were polonized lithuanians , so not only we reclaimed our region , but we also send genetic mix of balts and poles to western poland ) ;p i 'm sure zeligowski felt good taking back lands of `` poland '' ;p :d, 
  true enough , but that just shows that people did notice differences in culture , regions history , so they did call themselves appropriately , even if they spoke polish , and most peasants certainly did not . 
   republic of lithuania speak lithuanian . 
  you know where gdl originates form - baltic lands ( where mindaugas was crowned and so on ) , you know what language they spoke - lithuanian , ( those who could write did so in old slavic chruch language ) , you know what was majority of population when gediminas ruled - lithuanian , and vytautas - split between russian and lithuanian . 
  so yeah , lithuanian language was language of gdl, 
   you should definitely consider there are people for and against that . 
  i feel it 's subjective really . 
  that be said , i 'm ok with that , but genetically speaking they are fairly baltic . 
  maybe , maybe not , but i 'm not the one making shot , and there is not such thing as universal `` deserve '' anyways , but that is different topic . 
  maybe if i was dictator of lithuania i could give them right , so polish peeps , put me in power . 
   by that line of thinking , lithuanian declaration of independence was also illegal . 
  for soviet union , it was . 
  i mean some countries have laws regarding territorial integrity , federation and so on . 
  he called himself lithuanian sometimes . 
  that is fact , and not unique to him . 
  and ponas tadas is translation , so i do n't see your problem . 
  i mean should i call myself tadeusz too , since i 'm tadas :d , or maybe original hebrew version :d ;p,
