  so they can meet jizzus . 
  best solution is neither inviting them or completely closing borders off . 
  best solution is fixing their problems so there is no need for them to immigrate . 
  for syrians that would be the end of the conflict , for africans it could be general upliftment , increase of living conditions . 
  still , it wo n't stop immigration . 
  both illegal , because you ca n't fully prevent it , and legal immigration from dominion countries . 
  leaving eu wo n't stop immigration . 
  how about yes ? 
  do n't take them in . 
  help them were they are . 
  dew it . 
  interesting . 
  my county is on par with vilnius . 
  and also because uk has more jobs then many other euro countries . 
  that 's not how you move for a closer union ... 
  well , world is not black or white . 
  dumping funds ? 
  just go and watch naked news . 
  and ? 
  umm , i thought that 0.00 limit was implemented in lithuania . 
  there was something in the article about russian classical literature and erotic scenes . 
  any info on that ? 
  they buy their stuff , have phones , and so on . 
  some are dressed well . 
  ehh , why did we invented holy books ... 
  indeed , for me it was included too . 
  at least with strong us rest of europe was not overran by communists for half of century ... 
  dog was like : `` it 's my time to shine '' . 
  ehh nazis to commies ... 
  he just wanted piece of that haram ass . 
  yeah . 
  though comments are not surprising . 
  the sort of you would expect for youtube and could run into in live leaks , guardian comment section or 4chan ( though there people are more trolls then anything ) . 
  they look more like economic migrants or even political dissidents ( well too big of a group of that , unless runner from isis could be also called dissident ) . 
  by the end of the century it should start to fall down maybe ? 
  at least i hope so . 
  well i mean i seen videos of them pushing police lines out of the way . 
  they should be glad police did not pull out guns and rubber bullets . 
  could be fake then . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgzeguiy0dy found this too . 
  they do n't look like refugees either . 
  is it fake ? 
  title that is . 
  well why are they so stubborn ? 
  i 'm sure they need some supplies , or do they not ? 
  there is very little of kebabs even today . 
  maybe you get african or kebab immigrants or student once in while but they are ok . 
  hmm i do n't think it would shock that much people would it ? 
  i know they should not be believed , but marketed in correct way they can be useful propaganda tool , and knowing how things are in russia , they could always use this as some form of excuse both for international and domestic community . 
  yeah there were bigger protests , i just wonder where this stand proportion wise , i man it 's a 1/4 of people of 3 states . 
  sure , but russian history books tell you otherwise , at least sometimes , as well as other sources . 
  i knew that you had to get allowance for cars , did not know about raf though , thanks . 
  cars were not ? 
  ( i 'm not an old timer btw ) , but yeah naturally we would have to take it from state , but technically i guess we took it from ltsr . 
  yeah but there were also fake referendums and puppet governments so annexation is not so clear , and give leverage of discussion for russia . 
  tents are not the way to go , yeah . 
  still i think if we could encourage immigrants some way to return on their own then we would have good group of people for change in these poor countries , and with backing from us they could achieve something . 
  it is a bit like neocolonialism but maybe this time we could do something great not just for ourselves . 
  heh they took state owned buses to travel there i believe . 
  interesting , so according to him people living there need to want change themselves but also we need to help them too . 
  so what would be the best way for that ? 
  you do n't want to deport them all , you could deport portion of them maybe and later send some of them back to improve their homeland , and keep some around , i mean right people at the right time and place could come handy . 
  nah , it needs booth . 
  border security to decrease amount of immigrants , and integration for current ones living here and their children so that they would adapt to our society , become secular , and son on , and maybe also return to their homelands to make them better someday . 
  does n't mean that modern day people should get something for this . 
  yeah fucking awesome , too bad you do n't have it right now , cheap vacations . 
  that 's 19th century though . 
  interesting man . 
  but if he left ak behind it 's not so bad . 
  somebody made a good point though . 
  what are his ( and other immigrants ) view on for example women 's rights , homosexuality . 
  we already have tone of shitty conservatives , do we need more of similar people ? 
  should i check popcorn time now ? 
  no bodies that i can see so . . live leak it . 
  to make them secular and abandon religion . 
  well , people seem to have simple tastes when it comes to jokes ... anyways , we can just move on to other post . 
  i dunno , i think people are just having fun . 
  top kek , a grade , 
  really ? 
  i 'm lactose intolerant so ... 
  check your privilege , you shitlord . 
  you just triggered me . 
  i actually know embarrassingly little of him . 
  just that he was inspiring leader , and did not surrender . 
  an also blockaded monaco . 
  ok , thanks . 
  alcohol would be haram then . 
  casinos too , probably . 
  in any case i do n't think these immigrants could uplift us . 
  how do you know ? 
  what language is that guy talking , macedonian ? 
  greek ? 
  true . 
  do people from these countries go to uk often though . 
  you would think people in nevada would marry and fuck more ... 
  well , if put in perspective , maybe so of refugees will return some day , and improve their homelands . 
  on can hope . 
  i was semi joking anyway . 
  still , if i had balls , and skill , i would personally go there . 
  pff , so you actually wo n't allow people who are working shitty jobs , well i guess if automation comes it wo n't matter in like 30 years but still .
