we actually did . 
  the civil war was ignited over the confederate response to fort sumter , not the secession of confederate states . 
  do n't get me wrong , lincoln was a patriot and a firm believer in abolition and would have used anything he could find as cassus belli , but the us did allow the initial secession . 
  and ? 
  that still gives spain a chance to overrule their independence . 
  that 's wrong . 
  it 's catalonia 's decision alone . 
  i tend to side with russia on a lot of things . 
  american opinions on foreign affairs are n't totally monolithic . 
  fuzzynutt does n't want to cede defeat , friendo . 
  pretty sure the us has allowed any territory that votes to leave the right to leave . 
  notice how we no longer control cuba or the philippines , for example . 
  and as a populist , i have to say it 's much more important . 
  my answer too . 
  self determination is a right . 
  you do n't have to agree with the way people exercise their rights , but they 've got them . 
  i try to stay well versed on what 's going on in the world . 
  you 've wanted this for a long time . 
  it 's high time you get it . 
  and non catalans . 
  therefore , they have no business weighing in on it . 
  to serve the interests of the spanish people , not the catalan people . 
  what catalonia does is n't their business and their business might put other spaniards ' interests ahead of catalonia . 
  hence why its sovereignty should go to a referendum , not to madrid . 
  then they can vote accordingly . 
  populism should decide the fate of the land , not some lawmaker in madrid . 
  territorial integrity is such nonsense . 
  all that matters is what the people who live somewhere want , not what people in their capital want for them to want . 
  if the people of catalonia want independence , it 's nobody 's place to tell them they ca n't have it . 
  catalonia has every right to independence . 
  i wish them all the best of luck in their struggle . 
  that 's truly interesting from a military analysis perspective . 
  that 's the most concrete force projection i 've seen out of the russians in some time . 
  sure , i 've seen them do their war games and all but this is an actual operation . 
  that 's much more impressive . 
  hope they can hand those jihadists ' asses to them . 
  american , here . 
  our air marshals are n't really a deputized or official role . 
  what happens is that we allow our federal agents who carry firearms to carry them on any flights they might happen to take . 
  if it so happens that they 're carrying a pistol then the pilot is made aware and the agent is made an air marshal for that particular flight . 
  if i recall , the reason airlines do n't have designated marshals on every single flight is down to cost , training , practicality , and liability . 
  apparently it 's thought that having an armed air marshal on every single flight would create a ton of overhead and expense . 
  i can only imagine how much this would escalate if you put people trained to deal with those situations on every single plane , to say nothing of buses and train carriages . 
  it 's one thing to teach somebody to shoot . 
  that 's easy . 
  teaching accurate , high stress target acquisition in an environment full of panicking , nervous civilians is quite another . 
  source : i 'm an american with firearms training and vague law enforcement background ; as well as a depth of interest in security related concerns . 
  additionally , my brother is a pilot and we frequently discuss air security concerns . 
  i 'm not sure how prevalent it is , but many americans hold that chicago does n't exist . 
  it 's global , i tell you . 
  there 's a global conspiracy of fake towns . 
  if anything , i think a lot of you are more pro-america than we are . 
  we unflinchingly and unwaveringly support what our country * is * and not what it 's * supposed * to be . 
  this is not what the men who founded the us had in mind for it . 
  the ideals that we hold dear , however , are more often reflected and cherished by europeans than by americans these days . 
  additionally , i do n't think anybody in western europe takes us for granted as much as we think you do . 
  y' all are a lot like disappointed parents , i guess . 
  you can do better than this . 
  stop being dicks already and live up to your potential . '', 
  that sort of thing . 
  human nature is very funny like that . 
  the united states , for example , extols the virtues of democracy and openness on the one hand but props up dictators and silences whistleblowers on the other with unflinching consistency . 
  hypocrisy is the only constant in geopolitics . 
  i could see that being the case . 
  interestingly , i was n't aware the germans had used dogs to clear mines during the war . 
  i have seen reference to [ the soviets ] ( http://scribol.com/anthropology-and-history/the-soviet-suicide-dogs-of-wwii ) using them , but i think hitler was far too fond of animals to allow such a thing to officially take place . 
  i always find it weird that he was so fond of animals and forbade vivisection on humanitarian grounds but then turned around to be the cruelest , most inhuman jackwagon in the history of mankind to his fellow men . 
  there were blacks in the afrika corps . 
  i always wondered how that worked . 
  bases , not production plants . 
  while bases are mostly located in the west as a legacy of soviet cold war strategic planning , what manufacturing for the military was n't taking place in kharkov or russia was often sited in the donbass . 
  the ukraine has n't really invested much in relocating anything since funds for doing so were usually siphoned off by corrupt officials up to and including the present day . 
  isis has got scads of mint condition abrams and t-72s / 80s from syrian and iraqi government stores . 
  the issue is that isis tanks face much greater rates of attrition than dnr and lnr tanks . 
  the ukraine has much less in the way of air to ground capability than the groups fighting isis , so the rebels in donbass are n't having as many of their tanks destroyed . 
  it is . 
  i think the ukraine had some of their military-industrial capacity located there , too . 
  their tanks and weapons mostly come from kharkov ( nowhere near there and still in government hands ) , but i 'm pretty sure weapons were made in the donbass . 
  `` annexation '', 
  some of the ideas are surely worth preserving , no ? 
  some things , such as the euro and the common travel area have numerous benefits . 
  as an american who would really like to see a more multipolar world , i would love to see the eu persist , but with more respect for its member states ' sovereignty . 
  e : well , there are some downsides to those things that i had n't considered . 
  count me as somewhat swayed on the matter . 
  i agree . 
  people should be free to speak their minds , even when they 're obviously wrong . 
  that 's pretty poorly done . 
  i 'm more and more convinced that this is meant for internal consumption . 
  however , i 'm pretty sure nobody 's daft enough to buy this . 
  on the other hand , the us government is pretty liberal at handing out weapons . 
  hell , there was a huge scandal a few years ago where our atf ( a bloated , unnecessary , and arguably unconstitutional agency that regulates booze , tobacco , and guns ) pretty much gave a whole bunch of guns to mexican cartels and essentially lost them . 
  ( seen [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/project_gunrunner ) . ), 
  the upshot of this is that i would n't be surprised if we 'd been arming the ukraine or even terrorists like azov on some covert level at some point . 
  i had n't read the source article in its entirety and my russian is n't all that good anyway . 
  that said , that makes a whole lot more sense . 
  it 's not tremendously uncommon . 
  i heard from a friend at a shooting range i frequent that he 's shot a koran . 
  personally , i do n't care if someone wants to shoot a koran but posting about doing so publicly is asking for a lot of unneeded trouble . 
  there 's enough tensions between my country and the muslim world as it is and that 's a very easy way to stir the pot . 
  i guess they only have to fool their own people , huh ?
