  poroshenko 's regime has some serious cracks in it . 
  he looked like an angsty emo kid . 
  that 's close enough , right ? 
  people act like i 'm crazy when i say that the empire , while imperfect , was preferable to the republic . 
  palpatine was a net good for the galaxy . 
  everyone 's scared of muslims , american foreign policy collapsed governments in the middle east leading to a rise in extremism , and a bunch of stuff everyone already knows . 
  this all leads to fertile ground for nationalism to take root in . 
  ah , my mistake . 
  i did completely misread that . 
  still , it 's just weed . 
  there 's hardly anything damning about somebody 's character if they 're smuggling weed . 
  there are dozens of us !, 
  well , it 's a court in the ukraine . 
  i would n't expect them to render an unbiased verdict on an opposing combatant . 
  that 's just not done in warfare , sadly . 
  russia fucks ukrainian troops , the ukraine fucks russian troops and as an american , i 'm sure i do n't need to mention how my country tries enemy combatants . 
  the upshot is that i would n't take his smuggling conviction too seriously . 
  convicted by whom ? 
  that 's him , yeah . 
  we typically do that without a color revolution . 
  christ , will the ukraine ever put a government together that does n't end up collapsing in five years ? 
  e : i meant a government as a system , not a political government . 
  i probably should have said something along the lines of `` wow , can they go five years without a color revolution ? '', 
  or something . 
  it 's true . 
  there 's at least one american fighting for donetsk in the sv militia in the war . 
  he 's a pretty cool guy , actually . 
  it 's true . 
  most americans think of europe as having a mexican part , an american part , a russian part , and maybe hitler and pizza came from somewhere i think ? 
   bonus round : all public transport in argentina is now legally required to display signs saying `` las malvinas son argentinas '' so ... 
  it 's basically argentinian carthago delenda est ? 
  they ruined scotland !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/8iusuq4-f5u?t=11 ), 
  der youtuberintellektuallenproperteiuberprotektionshaftendunationereben . 
  yotuinprouberprona for short . 
  take , take , by all means . 
  there was some restriction under lenin , but compared to the tsars and later russian rulers it was a cakewalk . 
  it was stalin who brought brutality back in full force . 
  that 's why i left it out . 
  when trying to prove that not all religions are inherently horrible , hinduism is n't the best argument to use . 
  that is unfortunate . 
  it was my understanding that they 've been behind a * lot * of the social pressure against homosexuality in russia . 
  i should rephrase , in that regard . 
  in yeltsin 's case , he made things slightly better for gay people on paper but by doing nothing to hinder the orthodox church 's political rise , he set the stage for it their ultimate situation to stagnate and ultimately end up in the rather bleak place it is now . 
  under lenin , things were apparently relatively good for gay soviet citizens . 
  indeed , early soviet society was pretty liberal . 
  this pre-stalin era is what i was referring to . 
  but this is all just information i 've gotten from reading about it . 
  as an american , i 'm sure i 'm missing a lot of context and history here . 
  i 'm actually incredibly interested in russian , particularly soviet , history ; but i do n't know near as much as i 'd like to . 
  the ukraine is n't much better , with azov being so powerful there . 
  basically . 
  i would be astounded if putin did anything meaningful about this . 
  he collaborates because the alternative is another endless mire in the caucasus . 
  the chechen wars were brutal for russia , with islamic terrorists killing thousands of innocent people . 
  putin got a lot of his legitimacy in the russian public for making this conflict go away . 
  appeasing kadyrov , the little shitsucking worm that he is , is the easiest way to keep the peace . 
  the second the little shit is gone , it will be like peeling a scab . 
  the whole conflict will start up again . 
  as putin is already quite keen to suppress gay rights in the parts of russia he actually controls , he wo n't stick his neck out for them here . 
  sadly , i see no way of easily getting rid of kadyrov . 
  absolutely not , i agree . 
  there 's a line i heard many years ago that i 've always taken to heart . 
  `` any state , any entity , any ideology that fails to recognize the worth , the dignity , the rights of man , that state is obsolete . '', 
   what he 's built instead is n't remotely better . 
  yeah , i 've never heard of buddhists , taoists , or shintos having trouble with lgbt people . 
  they might have , but i 've never heard of it . 
  it 's sad to think that russia has gone so horribly conservative . 
  from the early , super open society of the early ussr to this in a century ? 
  it 's really sad . 
  i blame stalin for a lot of the trend setting , but yeltsin and putin have really fucked russia up . 
  like , the current line from the government is that homosexuality is a social pawn of nato and western expansion . 
  i mean , i know that the kremlin thinks that they 've got to find someone to blame for their problems , but the whole thing is so fucked up and depressing . 
  you have to wonder how fucked your cause is if you think taking children hostage is a good idea . 
  you 've got to be either really evil or so unspeakably desperate as to find yourself selling out your morals . 
  in my analysis , these really look like more controlled versions of the ssrs peeling away in the late 80s . 
  yeltsin and putin may have kept russia from fracturing further , but a lot of these republics are prime to strike out on their own in the coming 25 years , especially as china 's hunger for nearby resources and markets grows and america 's desire to put pressure on russia increases . 
  this is going to be a huge , huge problem . 
  the fall of russia was a problem delayed , not prevented . 
  i normally find some logic in russia 's actions . 
  however , allowing kadyrov to remain in power can only harm them . 
  he 's erratic , and when he 's run out of gay people to persecute , he 's going to become an even worse liability for moscow . 
  mark my words . 
  he may be keeping a caliphate from springing up in grozny , but what he 's built instead is n't remotely better . 
  a populist would say that people who live in a place determine such things . 
  this is why people tend to recognize taiwan as a country even though , according to international convention and diplomacy , it is n't . 
  the people living there tend to support it and the people 's republic of china does n't effectively control it so we tend to label it distinctively on maps . 
  i do n't see why crimea ought to be any different . 
  but it is n't part of the ukraine . 
  crimeans tend to be majority pro russian and the russian flag flies over the peninsula . 
  the ukraine 's claim on it has no basis in reality . 
  but the laws in effect on crimea are russian laws . 
  the people on crimea tend to support russia . 
  it just makes no sense to show it as ukrainian . 
  yeah , but kiev is n't in charge there . 
  it 's not part of the ukraine 's population anymore , at least in any practical way . 
  there 's no practical reason to show them as ukrainian . 
  is n't it sort of pointless to be including crimea in the ukraine 's population counts and maps anymore ? 
  they 're never getting it back and since the ukraine does n't control it , it 's not like it has any effect on them . 
  it does n't reflect reality to show it as ukrainian .
