  the kremlin , regrettably , seems more concerned with internal propaganda than foreign relations building like the soviets tried to do . 
  it 's quite a shame . 
  russia has a lot to offer the world . 
  native english speaker here and military/firearms aficionado . 
  if anyone has a link to the original video , i could probably compile a list of all the reasons it 's not from the us here . 
  christ . 
  as much money as the fsb and gru have to work with , you 'd think they could throw together something a little more convincing than this . 
  remember when they threw together that thing trying to pin mh17 on the cia last year ? 
  e : [ found it !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohkcqjpsld0 ) okay , wow . 
  that accent is really bad . 
  i 've never met a black american in my entire life that sounds like that . 
  i doubt anybody could get into the military with such a tenuous grasp on the english language . 
  anyway , let 's go over some other problems with this video . 
  his uniform , for example , is totally wrong . 
  he 's got a full color us flag patch , no divisional patches , and is wearing a camo pattern that i think has n't been issued since 2010 . 
  also , i think his vest and helmet are airsoft knockoffs but i ca n't tell for sure . 
  lastly , the saiga shotgun he 's shooting in this video is n't really used by any militaries or rebel groups . 
  how the hell could he pick it up off of a battlefield ? 
  furthermore , why would the weapon be in such pristine condition ? 
  red flags all over this . 
  in summation : holy fuck , russian cointel . 
  get your shit together . 
  the sad part is that as an american , i really like russia . 
  the people running it are a capable but disappointing lot , but i think their country has a lot in common with our country and we could gain a lot from working together . 
  it 's the 1920s equivalent to whiny emo myspace rants . 
  i love the brits to death , but this attitude that they did nothing horrible in northern ireland is beyond me . 
  shh !, 
  you 're interrupting the anti-russia circlejerk . 
  nevermind what crimea wants . 
  russia 's evil and we ca n't risk legitimizing the crimean people 's pro-russian sentiments or whatever . 
  having read it , i can tell you that it has proved a valuable literary influence to illiterate , angsty teenage rants on message boards for decades to come . 
  i mean , `` my struggle ? '', 
  come on . 
  how whiny and emo can you title something ? 
  people cope with crises in their own ways . 
  i 'm not saying it 's how i 'd cope with it , but lightheartedness can help people get by . 
  off the top of my head , khrushchev was half ukrainian , gorbachev 's wife was ukrainian . 
  on the military side , marshals voroshilov and tymoshenko were both born in the ukraine . 
  there are others , but i 'm about to go to bed and have n't read on the subject in quite a while . 
  not to mention that the ukraine had a huge hand in the ussr . 
  many of the top soviet generals , politicians , and planners were ukrainian in origin . 
  ah , i remember now . 
  they 've only got a single example of the craft , but the lugansk republic does apparently field an su-25 . 
  [ source is in russian , google translate helps . 
  ] ( http://lifenews.ru/news/136494 ) [ also , this picture . 
  possibly shopped ? 
  unsure . 
  ] ( http://www.ridus.ru/images/2015/2/3/267363/in_article_45bf1a6cf4.jpg ) and i 'm sure they would n't be at the * highest * level of readiness , but was n't the ukrainian military also paranoid about russian vdv drops around that period ? 
  i 'm almost certain that the shot was a case of mistaken identity and fired by separatists ; but as i 've spoken to some people in the dpr , i 'd really like to give them every chance at a proper understanding and completely rule out any fuckery from the ukraine before i go fully pinning the blame on the novorossiyans . 
  the dnr and lnr do operate a token squadron of su-25s mostly inherited from ukrainian bases and russian donations , but i doubt they 're in any really flyable condition . 
  the ukraine would do well to keep a token aa presence just for the existence of such planes , though . 
  thanks , / u/gavinzac . 
  i like to think that forethought can be an incredibly useful thing . 
  unless you 're being sarcastic . 
  with complements on the internet , it can be very difficult to tell . 
  i 'm pretty sure that most countries have a database of mentally unstable people . 
  it 's sound policy and it 's not just for gun owners . 
  besides , they 'll only ping that database for you if you try to buy a gun through legal channels . 
  anyway , it 's a false dilemma . 
  we , as americans , are supposed to have a view that our rights are natural . 
  we are n't given them . 
  they 're simply * ours . 
  * we have a right to own guns just as much as we have a right to speak our minds and worship or abstain from worship however we please and it 's a right that i would n't see taken from us in a million years . 
  if we did n't have that right , the government would find some other excuse to control us . 
  it 's the social contract . 
  they provide us security and order in exchange for liberty . 
  the details , as with any long term contract , are constantly in flux . 
  it 's our duty as citizens to see to it that our side of the deal is as favorable as possible . 
  not in the way it 's proposed . 
  magazine capacity limits ? 
  that wo n't help a damn thing . 
  i 've always maintained that proper training would instill more respect for these weapons ' power in people . 
  that respect would make people much more mindful of their impact and much less keen to abuse them . 
  make that training mandatory ( and fund it so it 's not just another classist financial barrier ! ), 
  and you 've got a quick , easy winner . 
  i 'm in pennsylvania too !, 
  west chester . 
  just moved up from georgia . 
  anyway , to the point at hand . 
  i really , really want to believe that there would be a massive uprising . 
  i like to believe that i 'd do what i can , such as my condition would allow , and i know that a lot of people share that sentiment . 
  however , look at what happened with snowden and all the other massive breaches of american liberty we 've seen just since 9/11 , to say nothing of our government 's ready willingness to sell out our interests to the highest bidder . 
  so many of those should have prompted massive demonstrations and uprisings . 
  but what 's happened ? 
  the next news cycle crops up , a celebrity drops a sprog , and america 's next top whatever comes out with a new season and suddenly everyone forgets . 
  whatever social movements do pop up ( occupy wall street , the tea party ) either get paralyzed by pacifism and lack of direction ( ows ) or else subsumed by corporate interests and end up exacerbating the problems they set out to rectify ( the tea party . ), 
  so while i would love to believe that americans would n't take such a grievous transgression against our liberty as a nullification of the 2nd amendment , i must believe that precedent paints another picture . 
  ninja edit : did you know that the millennial to snake people plugin turns occupy wall street into the great ape - snake war ? 
  because i do now . 
  any time i 've ever worked retail , i have been trained to just hand money over . 
  i 'd likely do so in any situation regardless , as it 's all insured and if someone 's robbing a store they 're probably just a sad , pathetic person who one should pity . 
  the only time i 'd shoot back is if i 'm physically threatened , as often happens during a mugging . 
  see , i 'm in a wheelchair and not really great at fighting . 
  lethal self defense is basically the only recourse i feel safe with , and if you attack someone in a wheelchair you probably are n't the sort of person i 'd feel too sorry about . 
  i would also use my gun to defend my house , because i ca n't really afford insurance and i really do n't want to leave myself and my girlfriend to a criminal 's mercy there . 
  the dynamics involved in home invasion are a lot different than those at play in a commercial robbery . 
  ninja edit : i just realized that this was specifically addressing open carry , not use of guns for defense in general . 
  making your defense more obvious , as mechesh stated , is a totally valid consideration . 
  that said , i still contend that it 's a double edged sword .
