  i can see why people might do it , but it seems safer to carry concealed . 
  americans do n't solve problems with weapons . 
  we hunt , mostly . 
  sports shooting is the bulk of what americans do with their guns . 
  you have some people who own guns for self defense , and i 'd wager that this is much better than dialing 112 and waiting for the police to arrive . 
  whether or not defense counts as problem solving is another matter , but considering that when the police show up to a violent matter in most countries , there 's often a gun in police hands , i 'd say that america is hardly unique . 
  we just trust our people to defend themselves . 
  at this point , i think we as americans are much too complacent to have a true civil war anymore . 
  you might get some southerners having an insurgency in the appalachians , but that would be wiped out by military attrition , law enforcement action , or abandonment in a year or two . 
  that just tells me that the spanish government does n't trust their people . 
  i trust my fellow citizens more than i trust my police , and nobody seems to mind police and the government having guns . 
  this deserves much more attention . 
  the lack of universal healthcare helps to strengthen a deeply systemic pattern of generational poverty . 
  it 's certainly not a direct cause , but universal healthcare in the us would do a lot to alleviate poverty and drive down crime rates . 
  i sure hope it does n't also have a pistol grip !, 
  nobody 's children would be safe if you have a pistol grip !, 
  add a barrel shroud and you 'll have yourself a wmd !, 
  this . 
  the amount of engineering in modern firearm actions is ridiculous . 
  most of the guns that people can buy to carry today simply wo n't go off without very deliberate action placed on the trigger , and only the trigger . 
  american gun owner , here . 
  i never really got the point of open carry . 
  when i carry , i do so covertly . 
  if people can see my weapon , they can probably target me more easily and try to take it . 
  better not to broadcast the presence of a gun . 
  as an american , your last part is what stands out to me the most . 
  my countrymen who debate gun laws are missing the point entirely . 
  firearms are tools , nothing more . 
  you wo n't make problems disappear by slapping superficial legislation on them . 
  if we 're to lower crime , we need increased social programs , a less pronounced gap in wealth distribution , and readily accessible mental healthcare . 
  get those up and running and you 'll fix gun crime without egregious impositions on people 's rights . 
  with that said , it 's very complicated and people would much rather slap on a bandaid than suture a wound . 
  a shame , too . 
  if the us were to enact gun control at this point , we 'd essentially be like brazil and south africa . 
  they allegedly have gun control , but guns are so common on the black market that it 's completely ineffective and only makes victims out of law abiding citizens . 
  i 've always been of the opinion that moldavia is a failed ssr that was mostly just taken from romania . 
  i mean , it basically is just that . 
  reunion with romania would be in its best interests . 
  but transnistria really should be allowed to join russia if that happens . 
  but they 're still not a de facto part of moldavia . 
  it does exist . 
  you can go there and talk to people . 
  they 've got a flag and everything . 
  it just is n't legal . 
  i wish the world would just collectively wreck the ksa 's shit and be done with it . 
  they seem to be massive exporters of tyranny and religious ignorance . 
  i wo n't say that the us is n't , but at least we have a larger aim than just building up some wahabbi wet dream nonsense . 
  he has my vote , but he wo n't get elected . 
  tumblr style nation building seems like a great way to phrase it . 
  kind of like how they wanted us to drop the `` the '' article and kishinev goes by chisinau now , i guess ? 
  i guess i do n't see the utility in changing the english language name of the place . 
  i mean , germans call their country deutschland but do n't insist that we call it that . 
  i know that the situations are different - nationalism being a factor for one . 
  i just do n't see the point in getting all stern over foreign semantics , i guess . 
  actually , belarus is quite separate . 
  although lukashenko has come to depend on russia for many things and runs a regime steeped in soviet nostalgia and the suppression of traditional nationalism ( the byelorussian language , for example ) , the government runs a fine balancing act on maintaining their own independence . 
  does anybody outside of the ukraine actually call it kyiv or is that just diplomatic services ? 
  kiev makes a lot more sense for english pronunciation . 
  nope . 
  actually , deep space nine may well be the best of all trek series . 
  normalizing ? 
  the most horrifying thing about the nazis is how normal and human they were . 
  that same capacity for evil is within all nations and people . 
  that 's why we need to be wary of it and keep the history of that era on our minds . 
  it 's a lesson that ca n't be ignored . 
  to set the nazis aside as somehow extraordinary seems like a mistake to me . 
  well , until things turned against them . 
  that tends to happen to self consuming political systems . 
  there are no good choices for america this time around . 
  we 're either getting an incompetent billionaire fascist or a crooked billionaire fascist . 
  iirc , he 's a romulan ambassador who visited deep space nine . 
  captain sisko gave him a fake message to coax the romulans into joining the federation war against the dominions . 
  however , the ambassador cottoned on to the ruse and was none too pleased about it . 
  good episode . 
  we got nothing that you want just our shitty games, 
  we 'll have the best jousters . 
  the greatest jousters . 
  we 're gon na be eating so many turkey legs , we 're gon na be sick of turkey legs . 
  i 'm not under the illusion that it will be completely alright , but i think things have a much better chance of being alright under a coup . 
  it ca n't get worse than erdogan ( barring a full invasion by is or something , at least . ), 
  you misapprehend me . 
  democracy only matters if everyone is being treated fairly . 
  anything that is n't the akp dominated democracy with its lack of basic protections for minorities deserves to be given a chance . 
  the army only acts on the civil government 's orders . 
  i 'm sure they 're keen to stop sending their boys to die in kurdistan and would be more than willing to try to broker a ceasefire . 
  progressivism also allows for the rights of minorities to be protected . 
  i would say that 's more important to progressivism than democracy . 
  ask the kurds or greek turks or non-muslims how they feel about turkish `` democracy . '', 
  ask them if they feel it 's very progressive . 
  i 'm sure they 'll have a different opinion . 
  frankly , as long as erdogan or his islamist cronies are in power , i will always welcome a coup . 
  american , here . 
  one of our states , maryland , has it as their state sport . 
  that makes it legit . 
  it 's time to bring jousting back . 
  sports are boring and jousting will completely fix that . 
  in turkey , the military has long been seen as the guardian 's of ataturk 's progressive , secular ideals . 
  they 've often been keen to keep islamism at bay and shore up secularism in the country . 
  `` temporarily . '', 
  definitely the ukraine .
