i once had an amityville-type dream . 
  i dreamt that my dad had butchered my mom with a kitchen knife and was going for me . 
  i woke up just as he was opening my bedroom door . 
  spent the rest of the night staring at the door knob for any hint of movement and it took me a whole week not to feel eerie around my dad, 
  oh no - now i can remember i also bought that game . 
  the horror ... 
  johnny 5 was the most humane character of 1980 's , bar none, 
  i second that . 
  she 'd probably walk all over you if she had the chance of attacking your beliefs, 
  just because someone sneezed while moving the saturation slider does n't mean you have ditch the whole technique . 
  you would n't kill the lumiere brothers just over twilight ( or would you ), 
  the book has a handful of pics . 
  mainly from snl ( dressed as you-know-who ) and 30 rock but also a few from her childhood and teen years . 
  the picture posted is not in the book . 
  tina writes that her best photo shoot ever was for a `` feminist magazine called bust '' and that 's the cover photo printed . 
  i 'm not canadian and i 'd be up for it, 
  poor soul of finite imagination, 
  if a baby squirrel in your area is this size then i bet you never leave your house w/o a shotgun in case you meet a grown up one . 
  where the hell do you live ? 
  japan ? 
  actually it 's slated for nov 15 ( us ) / 18 ( eu ) but i guess that can change still, 
  i 've only managed 2min and already want to smash something . 
  so people outside of us ca n't like/dislike a video on youtube ? 
  i do n't want to be nitpicking but there are some errors in the text . 
  belize is carrying a photo of palenque , mexico ( where no one had a problem w/me being a gay male - i mean no one had a problem in mexico not just at the ruins of palenque ) . 
  second , montenegro was never a part of soviet union but yugoslavia . 
  furthermore yugoslavia had a falling out with stalin in the late 1940 's and was one of the founding members of non-aligned movement ( meaning you would n't call montenegro a ` soviet nation ' in any way ) . 
  i 'm not saying that the state of lgbt rights/freedoms in those countries is different than what it says here but you should probably take it with a handful of salt, 
  my guess is that one dog is licking balls of the other dog . 
  is n't that what dogs do ? 
  full body scanners are a waste of money and a huge invasion of privacy but the solution to that is supposed to be privatizing airport security ? 
  are you kidding me ?!, 
  it never fails to surprise me how come ppl still think that direct funneling public taxpayer money to private companies ( i.e. 
  privatization ) will produce anything else than higher costs and lower security and privacy . 
  besides would it be so hard to scan ppl twice : front/back & left/right ? 
  would n't that make this supervillain scheme void ? 
  i was kind of angry with myself that a tech demo evoked so strong emotions in me but i guess that just attests to the level of artistry that went into this short . 
  this will probably get downvoted but what the hell . 
  i 'm mainly a pc player ( daily ) and less frequently go on xbox ( ~ 2/week ) . 
  i 've played a number of gfwl games ( fallout 3 , gtaiv + dlc , arkham city just from the top of my head ) and did n't have any problem with the service . 
  you could n't use your saves ? 
  i reinstalled my system ( win7 ) from scratch a few months ago and had no problems with finishing arkham city from the place where i left it . 
  you had to update gfwl to play the single player ? 
  well i guess you do n't use steam at all then . 
  i honestly have no idea why ppl get so worked up about gfwl - it 's clumsy , the updates reminders when the games start are annoying ( the same on xbox ) i 'll give you that . 
  but i actually enjoy that i can have both my steam and xbox friends online when playing . 
  you have soldiers painted on a wall of your school ? 
  what kind of f *** ed up institution do you go to ? 
  \\ - you know what 's funny ? 
  i would have given you the cure anyway, 
  \\ - you know , that is funny [ chuckles and dies ], 
  and then the incredible song by joker during the end credits . 
  it vastly improved my opinion of the whole game, 
  you have to admire the lady conducting the interview thou - a real professional . 
  i 'd just pummel the bitches senseless with the mic after 30s of listening to that, 
  i 'd advise leaving nitrous on ( i think it 's faster than hw rendering ) . 
  you can turn off that highlight in viewport conf window in visual style and appearance tab . 
  just uncheck highlights, 
  [ arctic tern by colin mochrie ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbzwv057gps ), 
  i believe it 's a far bigger problem than just the existence of gop . 
  if democrats were doing the same thing against mitt romneys of the land would that be ok ? 
  the whole us election system is a joke for enabling such voter fraud ( i believe this is the actual fraud albeit committed by state officials ), 
  from what i know this is n't the first election republicans are trying to suppress voters ( there was a large piece about it in [ rolling stone by robert kennedy jr ] ( http://www.commondreams.org/views06/0601-34.htm ) ) . 
  but the problem is that us elections make such tactics possible . 
  the focus should be reforming voting laws and not wondering every 2-4 years whether people are being screwed over again . 
  poland here : i watch it every day, 
  nice try origin , trying to get people banned from steam . 
  you have n't seen me aggressive . 
  you would n't like me aggressive, 
  - s ballmer, 
  it 's like that nightmare scene from sylvain chomet 's [ la vieille dame et les pigeons ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tioidvuipca ) . 
  creepy, 
  because there is only one stephen fry and one david mitchell, 
  as an out and proud point i find your comment offensive . 
  she looks like a love child of ellen page and fiona apple, 
  driving a nail - one person holds the nail and the other hammers away, 
  why `` forced '' ? 
  joffrey , return to your chambers at once !, 
  scottish rebels defying westminster imperial rule, 
  yes , aragon would become independent . 
  a vassal always has to be of lower tier than the liege , if they are the same tier they become independent of each other . 
  however both your sons will receive strong claims on any titles not inherited by them ( # 1 gets aragon claim , # 2 gets all non-aragon claims ) . 
  you could create an imperial title so that # 2 would remain a vassal . 
  what do you mean `` raise crown authority twice '' ? 
  a single character can change any crown law once . 
  3 ) you can also organize a plot against them . 
  if i remember correctly : ducal title with no counties in de jure territory , counties outside of de jure duchy , non-capital counties of a count , and counties in your de jure capital duchy can be plotted against . 
  that way you do n't get the tyranny modifier ( although the vassal you 've plotted against still gets revoked my title ), 
  the kingdom must either not exist or be held by the emperor/emperor 's vassal . 
  the game has so many systems and rules that every now and then i 'm wondering if i 've been missing something . 
  if you need 2 increases in crown authority then you need 2 characters . 
  that 's why i 've asked `` what do you mean '' - do you know a way around that limitation ? 
  there 's that what bme500 said but i would just add that you can not assassinate your children, 
  could that evaporation push the temperature of the water below ambient air temperature ? 
  let 's say it 's 1 degrees celsius , could the wind actually make water freeze in that temperature ? 
  i 've often heard people saying that wind causes freezing even though it 's above 0 and always thought it 's bs - object 's temperature will not drop below ambient air temperature , will it ? 
  so it is possible . 
  thanks , it 's been bothering me for quite some time now . 
  after putting a new tool on the canvas you have to go into edit mode ( shortcut : t ) to modify the last instance of a tool you 've placed . 
  also hitting shift + s makes a snapshot of the current tool being edited ( the button is in transform palette ),
