criticised for using poll results by a guy who has cited poll results to suggest scots hate the eu against all available evidence . 
  i take it we have another two years of this sort of shoddery . 
  ( it was 38 % leave , btw . ), 
  and a poll conducted after nine months of chaotic brexit limbo has shown only 25 % of scots would do so again , champ . 
  perhaps because the headline is intentionally misleading , obscuring as a minor detail the fact that only 25 % of scots surveyed actually want to leave the eu . 
  the very same poll reported in [ a different newspaper ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/mar/15/eurosceptic-views-in-scotland-pose-dilemma-for-nicola-sturgeon ) shows that only 25 % of scots want to leave the eu entirely . 
  the poll describes those who want the eu to have less power as ` eurosceptics ' , intentionally ( and misleadingly ) conflating them with those who want to leave the eu altogether . 
  extremely misleading . 
  ` euroscepticism ' is defined in this article as a ) wanting to exit the eu ( yes ) or b ) wanting to reduce the powers of the eu ( not quite ) . 
  that some scots want a less centralised eu should not come as a shock , given broad support for that same hypothesis across europe and amongst pro-eu political movements . 
  what the telegraph has done here is like me collating the responses of all scots in favour of independence and all those in favour of further devolution within the uk , and saying , ` look , 85 % of scots hate the uk ! ', 
  edit : typo, 
  i 've seen that . 
  when you ` translate ' his focurc orthography and read it aloud you realise it 's just a very pure form of scots as spoken in the falkirk area , parts of it recognisable to me as the way my grandmother and her sister speak to one another . 
  so , enough to have swung the vote the other way . 
  no more ` puny ' than malta . 
  you seem rather obsessed with the ` bilderberg group ', 
  edinburgh is almost always rendered ` edin-boro ' or ` edin-burg ' by americans , neither of which are correct . 
  we pronounce it ` edin-bruh ' ( or , in scots , 'em bra ' , cos we 're lazy ) . 
  i know - totally bizarre !, 
  i think it has to do with the fact that there is little recognition for england proper in the devolution debate . 
  perhaps that must come first for them to want to see their nation subdivided . 
  i could get on board with that if the english wanted their country divided into federal regions , but most polls and some referendums on the issue show they do n't . 
  essentially , yes . 
  however , with ireland the populations are of similar size , which would sidestep the problem we currently have as part of a ` union with equals ' with a country ten times as populous as ours . 
  ireland . 
  we share a common history , language , status , music , population exchange , and more . 
  4 scots , 1 german , 1 belarusian , 1 pole, 
  in the uk scots is dying out quite fast , thanks to a process of language attrition . 
  whilst previous generations spoke a ` pure ' form , with each new generation more and more scots words are lost as english words replace them , and eventually the two languages will longer be distinguishable . 
  part of the blame for this lies with the fact that for the last century its speakers were told that it 's not a real language , just ` slang ' or ` bad english . 
  today , despite the fact it has around 1.5 m speakers , it receives much less attention and funding than gaelic . 
  it 's a shame to see such an important part of your country 's history die , especially when the language has such versatility . 
  or , as macdiarmid wrote : * it 's soon , no sense , that faddoms the herts o men , and by my sangs the rouch auld scots i ken e\u2019en herts that hae nae scots 'll dirl richt thro as nocht else could -- for here 's a language rings wi datchie sesames , and names for nameless things * ( edit : i removed the [ apologetic apostrophe ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/apologetic_apostrophe ) from the poem - itself an example of the ignorance concerning scots ' existence as a separate language . ), 
  no , scots is historically a separate language from english , and around 1.5 million people in scotland claim to speak it or understand it in some way . 
  it is usually mutually intelligible with english , but linguistically separate from the way english is spoken in scotland ( known as scottish standard english ) . 
  scottish english is a dialect of english and scots is a language closely related to english , to put it simply . 
  the area where the traditional language is gaelic , as opposed to scots . 
  four including the european elections !, 
  * scotland uses stv only for local council elections . 
  the holyrood elections use the additional member system . 
  and the actual d'hondt method for the european elections . 
  they give you a grey one , but theoretically you can use your own , or a pen . 
  amongst scots speakers there are [ several dialects ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d5/scotsdialects.png ) , all relatively intelligible . 
  gaelic is also different depending on where it 's spoken , but far fewer people speak it . 
  english is the most widely spoken language and is the same everywhere ( standard scottish english ) with differences only in accents . 
  we actually have the same system for electing the scottish parliament , but use two separate ballot papers for the fptp and regional list parts . 
  i am in favour of an independence referendum that is n't tied to the european question at an official level . 
  i 'd vote yes to independence in that case . 
  then a couple of years or so down the line we should have another referendum on joining the eu . 
  i 'm broadly supportive of closer european integration , but i think a lot of the left-wing support for scotland 's independent membership might fall away if we have to use the euro . 
  ( i know we can get out of using it , but either way the currency question is going to force us to make difficult decisions with regards to spending and borrowing . ), 
  in the end i think the referendum debacle shows the true nature of how much scotland counts in the framework of the british state : not very much . 
  i live in a city where 75 % of voters backed remain , so there is a sense of disconnect from the rest of the uk . 
  my neighbourhood was 88 % remain , and no doubt would have been higher had eu citizens been given the right to vote as they were in the independence referendum . 
  being characterised as metropolitan elitists by vast swathes of english popular opinion ( not to mention their media ) contrasts with the actual experience of living in edinburgh . 
  ( edit : added more ), 
  in scotland and ni school holidays are june-august . 
  you forgot the wonderful scotmid, 
  # 3 for a pint of relatively week scottish beer ( belhaven , for example ) in a cheap-ish bar , pushing # 5 for a premium lager in a more expensive bar . 
  thus , a typical friday would be some wine with dinner ( # 5 a bottle ) , followed by eight or nine pints at a pub ( so # 25 or thereabouts ) with a whisky thrown in here and there ( # 4 for a decent one ) . 
  i have been known to take vodka with a mixer once the beer gets too much , so that 's # 3.50 x 4 or 5 . 
  then there 's the obligatory shawarma ( has to be che 's ) which i * think * is about # 5.50 . 
  maybe . 
  that 's around # 60 in total . 
  again , depends on what beer you drink and how snobby you are about whisky . 
  happened here in scotland only once , in dunblane . 
  then the uk tightened its gun laws . 
  has n't happened since . 
  some go for the saltire , some for the ingratiating announcements of scottishness . 
  but also i assume locals speak to them . 
  within ten mins of meeting a north american in a bar or whatever i usually know whether they are canadians or americans . 
  people who speak english as a second language fluently are also usually able to tell differences in accent , also . 
  a lot of what pass for restaurants in the uk are just bars and pubs that serve food , so often close the kitchen for a few hours in the afternoon . 
  americans i met whilst working in edinburgh were constantly perplexed by our pub 's policy of closing the kitchen at 6pm on sundays . 
  their usual complaint was , ` you 'd make more money staying open later ' , almost as if they knew the business better than we did . 
  on the contrary , if brits eat out on sundays it tends to be in the afternoon , for sunday roast dinners , and almost never in the evening . 
  i distinctly remember telling some hungry american tourists this once , only to be told that that is ` stupid ' . 
  you 're right , we are bad , but the general consensus that i gather from other europeans - specifically those from package hol destinations like spain and greece - is that scots make better tourists . 
  the opposite in england . 
  the north is industrial but poor , the south richer and more service-orientated . 
  northerners are seen as uncouth and lazy , and southerners as more refined . 
  i 'm speaking only from my experience in scotland , where a lot of restaurants are simply pubs that serve food . 
  often they close in the afternoon to allow for staff breaks and so on , during which time only drinks will be served . 
  larger restaurants will obviously serve food the whole time they are open . 
  americans : generally nice if a little too confident ( this almost seems like a superiority complex - they go into restaurants and expect food to be served all day , a table straight away , and so on ) . 
  they are also loud , which we all know . 
  they honk like geese and make silly comments , such as asking why ancient buildings in edinburgh have no ` elevators ' . 
  french : terrible at speaking english , and expect you to speak french . 
  i understand why a spaniard may expect you to know some rudimentary spanish , but french is not a global language !, 
  chinese : stop ordering two meals between ten of you and sharing them . 
  english : when they visit scotland they are generally well-behaved , except for the stag and hen dos up from newcastle . 
  very stingy - always moaning about the price of beer in tourist pubs ( what do they expect ? ), 
  and almost never leave tips in restaurants . 
  this would not bother me so much if they did not make such a song and dance out of us scots being misers !, 
  when they go abroad they are a nightmare . 
  the best way to improve your standing in the eyes of a local , apparently , is to distinguish yourself as scottish , not english . 
  i think worrying where your tv/car comes from is the lowest form of patriotism . 
  scotland here . 
  where do i start ... ?
