less managers plz . 
  this is cultural heritage sites . 
  giant 's causeway is awesome , but is an natural phenomenon as opposed to a cultural one . 
  hahaha . 
  irish at heart . 
  make sense . 
  drinkin ' * and * ridin ' are considered top priorities . 
  because depending on their reaction it may show hints that they may eventually stop denying it . 
  maybe the protestants ... 
  clonakilty is famous for both black and white pudding , there 's a [ brand named after the place ] ( http://www.clonakiltyblackpudding.ie/ ) . 
  both puddings both go together as far as i 'm aware , everywhere i 've had such a breakfast ( ireland , england , scotland ) . 
  i do n't like white that much though , much prefer black . 
  call it what you want , but * no * such cooked breakfast is worth anything without black pudding . 
  ( clonakilty preferably ), 
  that 's what i 'm implying . 
  i wonder what our emigration for young people is like , compared to others . 
  scotland . 
  from what others have said , this kind of repetitive back-and-forth and incessant nonsense is fairly typical of you from this subreddit , so to be honest , i 've better uses of my time than speaking to unreasonable people . 
  your basic failing is that you 're equating and/or mixing up : - citizenship - culture - ethnicity/ancestry some of these can be passed onto children automatically , others require certain conditions in terms of upbringing . 
  i do n't think that can be disputed , so i 'm leaving it at that . 
   their immediate surroundings , schools , locality , and traditions of the area would determine it . 
    so in other words , he 's american and has been since the 1950 's . 
  nope ^ _ ^ . 
  surroundings , schools , locality and traditions contribute to your culture * during your upbringing * . 
  he moved to the us later in life . 
   so we agree , the person that moved to ireland at a young age and spent most of his life there would be irish . 
  i did n't say anything to support that , you 're making things up . 
  both the nationality/ethnicity of the household * and * the place where a person is brought up determines the culture . 
   simply because they do n't have irish ancestry . 
    but irish americans do . 
  yes , but that does n't make them irish . 
  it makes them irish-american . 
  they were not brought up in ireland , their parents were n't born in ireland , so they can not be irish . 
  a person 's household / immediate family does n't really dictate the culture they grow up in . 
  their immediate surroundings , schools , locality , and traditions of the * area * would determine it . 
  even if their parents acted the same as they would have at home , their upbringing and environment would be much more different to how it would have been at home . 
  in the example i gave before , i would n't consider them ethnically irish , simply because they do n't have irish ancestry . 
  that 's fair enough , i guess . 
  we must think of it quite differently over here , lacking the immigrant culture . 
  if someone is born irish , they 're irish , but if they get it through nationalisation , they 're entitled to be irish citizens but i would n't necessary call them irish . 
  their children would be of course , if they were brought up here . 
  they would be entitled to irish citizenship , but i would n't call them ethnically irish . 
  i would accept his children as irish , sure . 
  grandchildren is a bit more tenuous . 
  where a person is brought up , combined with the nationality of the parents , makes a fairly big difference . 
  not at all , no . 
  if anything the irish are known for giving out about their own !, 
  yeah , i agree with you there . 
  exactly . 
  the only `` irish americans '' that people tend get annoyed with are those who proclaim themselves as `` irish '' , but whose parents or grandparents or great-grandparents were born here . 
  the difference is he was born and raised in ireland , and moved to america do complete his doctorate . 
  we would have a problem with his children/descendants calling themselves irish , if they were born in america , which is exactly the problem that irish people have that you were referring to . 
  but with campbell himself he is clearly irish , he just emigrated . 
  check out katie taylor . 
  she was literally claimed as being british . 
  saying conor mcgregor was the first from the `` republic of ireland and the uk '' is ridiculous and unnecessary , as it implies a the two countries together comprise a defined greater part . 
  it 'd be like saying saying obama is the first black president in the us or the uk , or elizabeth ii is the longest reigning female monarch in uk or france . 
  if they said katie taylor was the first x or y in europe or even western europe would be fine , but the uk and ireland together hold no meaning . 
  haha , well the british media would certainly refer to you as british , like proud british athletes conor mcgregor and katie taylor . 
  physiology or medicine . 
  that makes a lot of sense so , thanks . 
  i dunno about the states , but where i 'm from the duration of a master 's does n't matter , degree is a degree . 
  whether or not it 's a research or taught master 's matters of course . 
  just out of curiosity , is there any problem with a 2-year master 's being recognised as a 1-year master 's ? 
  surprised/disappointed at ireland . 
  what the flying fuck ? 
  stuff is amazing . 
  oh of course , has to be the real thing . 
  i want to try this ... turkish tea . 
  g'wan the bois . 
  does oxford have a definition of nation state , or even stateless nation ? 
  both of those are good examples of how the terms are unrelated . 
  the amount of autonomy that was available to the under-kings in ireland is a matter of debate , and changed over time . 
  i will fully admit that ireland was very decentralised compared to many other contemporary european realms , to its eventual detriment . 
  but since it actually gives that definition in what the role was , i guess i ca n't really refute it . 
  nation is another matter , as there is no mention of territory , land or geography in the opening definition of nation [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nation ) . 
  as i have said , nation and state are two different things . 
  nations are about * people * , not areas . 
   effectively , a ` nation ' comes under state . 
  you 're making no sense . 
  a `` nation '' does not come under a state . 
  they are two very different things . 
  the definition you gave literally said the words `` state or territory '' , and ireland is such a territory . 
  ireland was a sovereign unified political entity during much the middle ages , before the norman invasion of 1169 . 
  call it a state if you want . 
  the high king was the ruler of the island , and the other kings respected his suzerainty . 
  however , there lacked an entity of a `` crown '' that allowed the smooth succession of rulership from one high king to the next , so there was usually conflict when that occurred . 
  this level of decentralisation was common in other medieval realms . 
  so if you want to use that as a medieval definition of state , ireland was one . 
  i know about scottish history . 
  but you 're still mixing up the idea of nation and state . 
  i know that the picts eventually unified into having a king of the picts , and then combined with the irish kingdom of d\u00e1l riata in western scotland , adapted gaelic culture , and then they all became scottish rather than pictish or irish . 
  but lets say that the irish who went over in the 7th century became scottish , ruled all over all of what is now scotland , but the picts did n't adapt to that new scottish culture . 
  the picts would still have a nation - they share a history , traditions and area . 
  nation is n't a political entity like you are suggesting - there still would be a pictish nation , within a scottish kingdom , even if the picts did n't have control over it . 
  he 's wrong anyway , we were unified , under the time of the high kings . 
  the title did n't pass on smoothly to the successor though , and that was the problem - too many people fighting for the crown , which led to the whole mess in 1169 . 
  i particularly like the wording of the change that was made to the irish constitution . 
   it is the firm will of the irish nation , in harmony and friendship , to unite all the people who share the territory of the island of ireland , in all the ** diversity of their identities and traditions ** , recognising that a united ireland shall be brought about only by peaceful means with the consent of a majority of the people , democratically expressed , in both jurisdictions in the island . 
  emphasis added .
