* fist bump * allies 4 life, 
  that 's open to debate on 13 august 1862 , an attempt was made between china and portugal to sign a trade treaty in tientsin . 
  if the treaty was not ratified in two years , it would become null . 
  in 1864 the treaty did become null . 
  portugal did not get another chance to sign according to the portuguese interpretation , sovereignty over macau was surrendered to portugal . 
  in the chinese interpretation , only administrative rights were transferred . 
  `` sino-portuguese treaty of peking '' on @wikipedia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sino-portuguese_treaty_of_peking?wprov=sfta1, 
  i was n't talking about the infrastructure . 
  i was talking about gourmet touristy businesses . 
  the infrastructure is better but still needs a lot of work . 
  i * am * talking about porto . 
  there are gourmet burger shops and sandwich stands popping up everywhere and our traditional restaurants are closing down . 
  thank god for conga . 
  yip . 
  some even have mustaches ={, 
  unfortunately we 're losing our own country to these gourmet touristy businesses that are popping up everywhere . 
  my government does n't give a fuck if we burn the flag , but it * is * technically ilegal . 
  also no one attends protests in portugal , that 's half the reason why we 're in the gutter . 
  i 'm with you on the swastikas on the basis that if you outlaw swastikas , you can start outlawing other hate symbols . 
  some people think the quran is a hate symbol soo . . you see where i 'm going . 
  as for flag burning i do n't agree so much . 
  the flag is a symbol of an entire people , a nation , and it is something they hold dear . 
  i think you should never harm the flag of a country where you 're currently in , simply because it shows a huge lack of respect for a society that took you in , be it your country too or not . 
  there are other ways to prove a point that are far , far less offensive and as effective . 
  as for , let 's say , pakistanis burning the american flag , or any other besides their own , i see that as freedom of expression . 
  since they 're not in that specific country they do n't owe them anything . 
  just my two cents tho . 
  okay , so i 'm glad we agree on the same point of view . 
  the point i thought you were making , and that strikes a chord with me is the belief that , since it 's your own private property , you can do whatever the hell you want , something that i 've seen in most english speaking countries . 
  conscious disobedience can be necessary for some idiotic laws to be changed , however , one should disobey with the conscience that consequences can ensue . 
  one note : in your example you mentioned flag burning and nazi swastikas . 
  flag burning is illegal in most countries i know of , and nazi paraphernalia is illegal in some countries in europe , france included , i believe . 
  that 's why i thought you were making a different point . 
  if it 's illegal they can do jack shit . 
  i 'm all for freedom , but your freedom ends where mine begins , and if you break any laws in my country , you should get punished . 
  dude i 'm from around there , i know . 
  income tax at 40 % is kinda ok , if i were in pt atm id be paying 54 % ( 43 % maximum income tax + 11 % ss contribution ) . 
  the problem is imo you pay taxes and see fuck nothing being done with them . 
  i do n't mind paying high taxes if i can feel the state provides for stuff . 
  all we get are cutbacks and more cutbacks . 
  that 's just cause you 're not used to it ( both genetically and otherwise ) . 
  some friends of mine can stay on the beach the whole day , every day , for all of summer and not even get sunburnt . 
  almost everyone from northern europe that visits mediterranean countries looks like a steamed lobster in just a few hours . 
  not * that * high . 
  also in my experience the bureaucracy is n't worse , it 's just different . 
  still have to abide by them tho until the two years after article 50 . 
  and it 's safe to say moat of those will be applied into similar uk laws . 
  sun , prosciutto , tapas , good beer , cheap cost of living . 
  i fail to see an issue here . 
  schr\u00f6dinger 's uk : both in and out, 
  that wo n't happen . 
  as it stands no one wants fuck nothing to do with the uk and most immigrants i know are considering leaving on their own . 
  exactly, 
  i accidentally a euro, 
  bitch our coach is an engineer . 
  maximum efficiency . 
  best coment ever, 
  prices ca n't get any lower . 
  i can buy a nicely-situated 3 bedroom for 60k eur . 
  we do n't have construction going on because we do n't need it . 
  before the 2008 crash we were building like crazy , lots of new apartments never got sold . 
  well finland sounds like an awesome place to live in . 
  that 's why i want to move back home in the medium term . 
  houses are much cheaper . 
  well finland sounds like an awesome place to live in . 
  that 's why i want to move back home in the medium term . 
  houses are much cheaper . 
  investors . 
  the prevalent way of renting in london is through agencies . 
  these agencies typically manage the properties for the landlord , including dealing with , and finding tenants , for a cut of the profits . 
  i do n't know margins , but let 's say 30 % . 
  if you have a metric shitton of money , you can just buy a lot of houses and rent them out through agencies . 
  you 're completely hands off , but collect your money at the end of the month . 
  since house and rent prices are steadily climbing , this makes buying houses a really good investment . 
  problem is , it drives house prices up for everyone who 's trying to buy a house to actually live in . 
  the downvotes do n't seem to phase you huh ? 
  the whole eu thing is that i get an opinion on everything that fucks everyone over in the eu , like the uk leaving . 
  and yes , that includes everyone in the uk . 
  still , just because i 'm not originally from here i ca n't have an opinion ? 
  again , you misread my post . 
  i never said i was going to hire your engineers . 
  your engineers are probably all employed . 
  we were going to hire engineers from all over the eu who would relocate , and pay taxes in the uk . 
  you talk a big game , but you do n't seem to grasp that since the uk 's primary industry is the service industry , you 're all fucked if companies start moving cause it is n't profitable for them to sell their services from here . 
  i did n't want to go to america for a bunch of reasons , but that was one of the main ones . 
  also , i pay taxes , so it is n't free . 
  and in case you do n't know , cause you 're stuck with that backwater mentality , nationalized healthcare is the * norm * in europe . 
  so that would apply to any country here . 
  also , since i have an european health card , the uk would n't have to pay for my treatments anyway , even if i did n't pay my taxes . 
  and i 'm not pretending . 
  it does fuck everyone over . 
  that 's why everyone is so fucking pissed at this result , in case you have n't noticed . 
  no one in the government was expecting this result . 
  not even boris . 
  this was a game of chicken that went south . 
  problem is that after the referendum , every option they 're left with is shit . 
  thing is buying is almost impossible since house prices are so high . 
  but yes , if you do manage to buy a house it 's awesome . 
  it 's just beyond the means of most people . 
  i 've seen this happening cause i lived through something similar .
