   this feeds into the mindset of legions of entitled morons who think being told that they 're wrong = oppression an exchange of free speech = censorship . 
  a strategy formerly used by neonazis . 
  [ i found out about this lovely guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kevin_alfred_strom ) ( holocaust denying neonazi and convicted pedophile ) when that fake `` voltaire '' quote made its rounds :  `` to learn who rules over you , simply find out who you are not allowed to criticise '' which was completely bollocks , since voltaire lived under absolutist monarchism and never had to wonder who ruled him . 
  this quote turned out to be an edited alfred strom quote . 
  from todays perspective , that guy looks like the prototype of the alt-right . 
  he had an internet broadcast called `` american dissident voices '' , and a magazine called `` free speech '' . 
  so it 's exactly as you say . 
  they think they are being oppressed just because society has moved past their archaic views . 
  they can not take criticism . 
  they can not take the kickback of free speech . 
  that 's true for now . 
  however , i think that this situation is going to homogenise . 
  i do n't think that young people are that impressed by regional backgrounds anymore . 
  much like dialects have faded , so will the regional differences between parties . 
  what 's more important in countries like the netherlands and germany is the parliamentary system . 
  we have more viable choices in form of different parties . 
  i do n't know the details from the netherland , but here would be where the largest german parties would compare to the us political system : * cdu/csu ( conservatives ) - strongest power for a while now , lead by angela merkel . 
  they used to be the counterpart to the republicans , but with the republicans ' right shift they are now more between centrist republicans and democrats . 
  * spd ( social democrats ) - traditionally about as powerful as the cdu , but now they fell behind . 
  comparable to mainstream democrats . 
  just like the us democrats , they have lost much of their appeal by having betrayed their working class voters on different occasions . 
  * die linke ( `` the left '' ) - between a far-left socialist wing and democrats who left the spd out of disappointment , die linke is roughly comparable to the bernie sanders movement in most of its stances . 
  * fdp ( liberals ) - comparable to the libertarian party , for personal rights and business deregulation . 
  took a massive hit in 2008 when they relieved taxes on the hotel industry after receiving donations , and people came to understand what deregulation really means . 
  * green party - a couple of decades ago they used to be downright anarchist , but they have become more of a slightly left mainstream ecological movement . 
  they are now closer to mainstream democrats than to jill stein 's green party . 
  * afd ( alt-right ) - the german counterpart to the trump movement . 
  the preferred coalitions in germany run along the lines of cdu/fdp on the right and spd/green on the left . 
  die linke managed to create local coalitions with the other left-of-center parties , but were so far rejected by the spd when it came to federal politics ( which caused some to say that the spd seems to be very afraid of exeecuting their own promises , since die linke would support them in pro labour legislation ) . 
  the afd is out of options since cdu and fdp act much like the `` never trump '' - wing of the republican party . 
  this means that you have 4-6 choices with legitimate chances at forming the next government , rather than two . 
  of course you could say that in the end it boils down to two larger camps again , but the power relations between the coalition partners do matter quite a bit . 
  and when for example the green party became stronger , the cdu also found itself pressured to become more ecological . 
  die linke claimed around 8 % and 12 % in the last two elections , and are currently at around 8 % in polls , so they do n't rely on the direct mandates . 
  germany has 82 million people , over a fourth of the us population . 
  but the us do not have four times the police killing rate . 
  they have it about 160 times , which means 40 times the per capita rate . 
  calling things like this a tragedy does not cut it when it happens regularly . 
  there are * systemic * issues at work to create these giant numbers , not just a few cases of bad luck . 
  the second case was included because of how it started . 
  it was a mental health situation that ended with the patient dead . 
  [ again , not a singular case . 
  ] ( http://www.havasunews.com/news/havasu-police-shooting-devin-had-a-lot-of-heart/article_8fd7a71c-383c-11e6-8d8b-4b9f17227171.html ) in other industrial nations police is schooled to handle cases that require deescalation . 
  in britain there are cases where police detained men charging them with knives or even machetes without drawing a single firearm on them , like [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/yxhorirlfic ) and [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/ou-wd9uagk0 ) . 
  mental health interventions ending with a shot patient are not a monthly , or even yearly , occurance . 
  every single month you can find several reports of people getting shot for no good reason . 
  on 12th of december for example 73 year old francisco cerna was killed :  police said they received a report of a man armed with a gun in serna 's neighborhood . 
  an officer shot and killed serna as he stood in his neighbor 's driveway , authorities said . 
  investigators said serna was unarmed and that they did not find a gun in the area . 
  serna 's family said he was suffering from dementia and that he took walks to help himself sleep . 
  authorities later said serna was carrying a crucifix that a neighbor mistook for a gun . 
  arrest warrants and minor altercations frequently end with the subject shot . 
  or even responses to mental health crisises :  king reportedly called 911 twice in the same night , asking to speak with police before telling dispatchers to ignore the request . 
  his family said he was schizophrenic and in the middle of a mental health crisis . 
  when officers responded to the second call , they found him outside his house and shot him when he took a knife out of his pocket , police said . 
  authorities claim he ` approached rapidly ' with the knife . 
  germany actually does not have that few guns - we have 5.5 million guns owned by 1.45 million people ( out of 82 million ) . 
  its just that farandaway most of them are hunters . 
  public carry , be it open or concealed , hardly exists . 
  but you are right that even on this scale we can observe the issue with the issues you mentioned . 
  gun accidents , crime , and suicide are the highest where the most legal guns are . 
  illegal guns are of little importance even though germany has quite a few of them , particularly from eastern europe . 
  for a country like the usa its way easier to keep foreign guns under control , but the amount of legal guns creates a gigantic supply lines for illegal guns . 
  illegal guns do not materialise out of thin air - the vast majority comes from strawman purchases , the black market , and theft . 
  the amount of illegal guns rises proportionally to the amount of legal ones . 
  socioeconomic factors are of course the primary reason . 
  but guns do a lot to escalate the situation . 
  if you look at britain where police does n't even carry guns unless there is a gun on the scene , getting a gun is really making things much worse for a criminal . 
  they know that even if they get caught they wo n't get shot . 
  but if they bring a gun to a crime , the whole thing escalates to another level attracting guns and possibly even special forces . 
  but in the us ? 
  of course they will want to bring a gun . 
  other citizen have guns , and at this point they have to expect getting shot even for petty crimes . 
  some people get shot doing literally nothing . 
  in return the police gets twitchy because they know everyone could be armed . 
  the poor training quality does the rest . 
  in germany the average number of people shot by police per year is 7 . 
  there are extensive statistics tracking every incident where police used firearms . 
  we know that in 2014 7 citizen were shot to death and 31 injured in a total of 46 incidents ( which is slightly above the recent average of ~ 35 ) . 
  one uninvolved person was injured . 
  in 46 cases they shot at objects such as doors and tyres . 
  meanwhile in the usa there are no official statistics . 
  they do not even know how many people are shot by police . 
  [ it took a private journalistic project , the counted , to establish a database . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/ng-interactive/2015/jun/01/the-counted-police-killings-us-database ) they already exceeded 1000 deaths this year . 
  for 2015 the final tally was over 1140 - that 's 3.5 people per million . 
  germany is at less than 0.1 . 
  but most crucially , without official statistics there is no empiric measurement to serve as a basis for improvement and public debate . 
  romantic relationship . 
  in part that 's happening in the usa as well . 
  while the number of guns per capita has been rising , this is because fewer people own increasingly large number of guns . 
  the problem is that 1 ) there are still way too many way too poorly tested people owning guns , and 2 ) the incredibly big gun market volume still is a gigantic source for the black market . 
  `` illegal guns '' do n't spawn out of thin air , they come from the pool of legal guns - and the bigger that pool is , the easier it is to get illegal guns . 
   i just think it 's interesting how he aknowledges this modern feeling of `` needing a holidy '' , which many of us can relate to . 
  i think marx ' theory of alienation is still the best way to understand what 's going on . 
  the zombie apocalypse hype was a nice symptom to see it in action . 
  it 's all about destroying developed society and returning back to a `` natural '' style of life of survivalism . 
  the sort of work that keeps us alive but does n't * feel * like work because it 's * innate * to our species . 
  just like a gazelle or a lion does n't get depressions in the wild . 
  since people can not even think of a utopian vision outside capitalism anymore , they were left to dream of an apocalyptic end of it instead .
