there has been an open argument about that ever since the first tax disc . 
  it is not clear , while the benefits in both finance and justice of buying them is obvious . 
  if foreign countries allow their institutions to aid our criminals in circumventing our law within our jurisdiction , it is fair game to obtain this data from them . 
  if the al-quds brigades or the kgb were to support criminal activity in germany , you would n't bash german authorities for retrieving related data from them the same way . 
  which worked out brilliantly , leading to more leaks and the recuperation of billions in illegally evaded taxes . 
  both from the standpoint of justice and finance it is a great victory . 
  but of course the right wing in its oligarchy friendly view does n't like the pursuit of tax evaders and started a propaganda campaign against it . 
  in conservative federal country hessen the cdu government kicked its three most successful tax evasion investigators after declaring them unsuitable for the job . 
  their former department is now said to only do `` bmw '' investigations : bakers ( `` b\u00e4cker '' ) , butchers ( `` metzger '' ) , landlords ( `` wirte '' ) , instead of going after the big fish like before . 
  obviously they now only find a fraction of the evasion they uncovered before , but they learned their lesson : they are just an alibi institution , they are not supposed to actually do their job . 
  the thing is that these banks are blatantly helping or directly setting up tax evasion schemes . 
  you see , a simple employee can retrieve all this data about tax evasion , that 's how friggin much the bank knows about the criminal activity going on there . 
  that practically makes these banks criminal organisations - which would make leaking inside information the same as say leaking information from inside the mafia - , yet they are protected by the international political and market power dynamics . 
  the leaks are pristine whistle blowing . 
  what makes people so angry about tax evasion is how blatantly egoistic of a crime it is that is a pure act of greed . 
  even in extreme and violent crimes like murder or thieving cases there usually is some kind of diminishing back story ... 
  bullying incidents , the feeling of being excluded from society , hopelessness . 
  but tax evasion is done by the wealthy who have power , who are influential , and no material needs unfulfilled . 
  it is the truly injustfiable narcissism , a raw act of gratuitous evil . 
  and alcohol and pretty much every other imagineable substance that can be abused . 
  really the pinnacle of irony to imply the eu had a drug problem when comparing it to russia and the former soviet union . 
  but after all they already missed the irony of putting hitler and gays on the same side ... 
  oh no i was n't dismissing your points , i 'm just saying that funnily enough you seem to fall exactly into that category of people i ment in the first place . 
  and of course you do n't speak for all us-americans and i do n't speak for all europeans , yet our encounter counts towards the frequency we have with certain types of people from the respective continent . 
  that 's a quick broad-brush dismissal . 
  it seems very plausible to me that such things happen on issues that have great opinion differences between europe and the americas , for example gun control . 
  you seem quite fond of the united states and general right-wing ideas based on your rough arguments in your comment history against people who seem to even just remotely imply something us critic . 
  it seems that you are us-american yourself , and while this might serve your argument of confirmation bias ... you also most definitly just downvoted my comment that did decently so far , just in the timeframe i mentioned . 
  even though the bible i know of said `` it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of god . '' . 
  jesus constantly preached compassion with the economically weak and kept bashing on the rich . 
  it is a really weird view on religions in the usa . 
  these days i 'm starting to think that many of the systemic myths in the usa were really popularised by an elite-obedient press and political system . 
  this includes the illusion of social mobility and absolute self-responsibility ( many americans even here on reddit are very opposed to the idea that there is something such as a mathematically relevant impact on peoples ' fate ) as well as the acceptance of a `` winner takes it all '' - society in which taxation of the rich is seen as tyranny . 
  because there is more to europe than these few countries . 
  well , there are the uk isolationism efforts but i feel like those come from the political system rather than the population , because they ultimately seem all to aim at maintaining their poorly supervised banking systems ... 
  these countries that were polled here are certainly part of the absolute core of the eu . 
  it 's hardly questionable that these countries share a lot of values . 
  i feel this so strongly on reddit as well . 
  opinion is so heavily against regulation , so pro-military and such . 
  what 's funny is to observe the vote ratio of a comment through the day . 
  i had many comments on such issues ( regulation , responsibility , welfare ) that did fairly well around the central european noon , and then plummetted into negative counts in the evening when less europeans and more americans were online . 
  the colour ... reddit was an oranje conspiracy all along !, 
  klapse is colloquial and very frequent . 
  the other three are all a bit old and not used that much anymore . 
  psychiatry can be : * psychiatrie - the proper term * narrenhaus - fools ' house ( antiquated ) * nervenheilanstalt/nervenklinik - nerve healing institiution/nerve clinic ( a bit antiquated ) * tollhaus - i ca n't translate that literally , but it has a similar connotation to madhouse . 
  * klapsm\u00fchle ( short : klapse ) - a `` klaps '' is a slap or a smack . 
  m\u00fchle means mill . 
  it 's `` milling '' people who got smacked against the head too much . 
  god created the earth , but the dutch created the netherlands . 
  i could imagine that for a lot of the countries ending on - a an - ia ending was considered , but the `` i '' left out for ease of spelling or pronounciation . 
  for example ukrajnia vs ukrajna , ommitting the `` i '' and settling on ukrajna seems to make sense . 
  most of all they wo n't be able to fix the problem , unless some other drastical change happens . 
  they are unable to adress the underlying core problems that lead to terrorism . 
  one ( not the only one , but an important ) aspect of the radical islamists is that they are the modern face of `` anti-imperialist struggle '' . 
  and that might sound silly if you consider how many years actual imperialialism/colonialism are over , but if you look into what changed since then it suddenly becomes very plausibel . 
  in colonialism you have a country like britain or france go somewhere to asia or africa , occupy some territory there , and then takes the resources and force the people there to work for little compensation . 
  usually done via private businesses like the east india company , and with help of a local ruling class that was liable to the colonialists but still had plenty of power over their own people . 
  what changed when colonialism was abandoned ? 
  the militaries went home , but the business capital remained there exactly for the resources and manual labour , that was cheap in these places . 
  plenty of political influence remained . 
  in essence , the situation did not change that much . 
  since these countries obviously started from a way worse position than the industrialised world , they were never able to really compete on a capitalist market beyond the offer of very cheap labour . 
  so of the value that is created in these countries only very very little remains for their people and very much remains for the foreign corporations . 
  typical example used to be clothing sweatshops in south-east asia , now the most prominent one is tech-companies like apple manufacturing hardware in china . 
  so you have this situation where the population of a country works really damn hard but almost all the gains go to local oligarchs and foreign business , just like under colonialism . 
  this first lead to communist movements [ like that one in afghanistan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saur_revolution ) , which were eventually defeated by their own incompetence and quite some help from the industrialised world that would not want to see their foreign assets being taken over . 
  when the communist movements capsized or were distorted into parties like hussein 's ba'ath party , the gap was filled by radical islam . 
  sure they talk about religious indentity and a holy war , but what mostly fuels them is [ economic desperation and the will to repell foreign influences . 
  ] ( http://www.thenation.com/article/what-i-discovered-from-interviewing-isis-prisoners/ ) another issue are the ethnical conflicts around the arbitrarily drawn borders and nations without nation states . 
  in the history of humanity , a depressingly low amount of ethnical conflicts of this sort could ever be resolved without civil wars redefining the territories . 
  there seems little hope that such a solution could be found in the middle east , but the current fighting does create these opportunities for some groups , like the kurds who are currently building their nation state and are violently clashing with turkey in the process . 
  in all of this there is no way in hell that the leaders of the industrialised nations will do anything meaningful to cure these core issues . 
  they are exactly the face of international economic relations that keep these conflicts going . 
  [ as geographer david harvey explains western foreign policy with a woodrow wilson quote  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5q5eplgrwus&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=10m25s )  `` the manufacturer insists that he must have the world has his market . 
  the flag of his nation must follow him , and the doors of the nations that are closed to him must be battered down . 
  concessions obtained by financiers must be safeguarded by ministers of state [ i.e. 
  the military in particulary ] , even if the sovereignty of unwilling nations must be outraged in the process . '', 
  [ it 's not like anyone would survive the main gun . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/a-9jof5o5b4 ) and fire control is so ridiculously good these days , they 'd clean hit it from two kilometers at full speed . 
   in a proper free market all the companies should be competing on equal footing and the most efficient ones would win . 
  which does n't work on a global scale , unless you accept some countries reverting to de-facto colonies that get exploited without making any gains themselves . 
  even adam smith recognised the need for protective measures for a country to grow its own industry rather than immediately getting crushed by those countries with a more advanced one . 
  but even on a national scale it 's unthinkable , since regulatory capture is a thing . 
  and without regulatory organs you are in a system that is going to regulate itself outside the established state , and basically breaks down into an assembly of feudalist groups . 
  which some `` libertarians '' realise and welcome , hence the `` dark enlightenment '' movement . 
  it was a buff to the industry ... got loads of qualified workers way below the training cost , and pushed down wages tremendously . 
  that 's capitalism for you . 
  one side flourishes , one gets fucked . 
  ca n't have both . 
  do n't forget the big buff in the marshall plan dlc . 
  that 's the nature of capitalism . 
  every country tries to subsidise it 's economy to make their businesses succeed in international competition . 
  the most extreme example would probably south korea , which deliberately raised it 's [ chaebol ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chaebol ) as industry leaders to be internationally competetive - which seems to be the only way for other countries to catch up to the industrialised nations within a somewhat capitalist structure . 
  china does pretty much the same . 
  japan got there similarly during the meiji restoration . 
  when political parties claim to want to reduce debt only to maintain the exact same or higher debt as before ... this is where most of it goes . 
  a truly `` free market '' country would get crushed either by competitors or by isolation attempts . 
  capitalism is whack . 
  looks like every country has at least one of those . 
  in germany it 's the bild .
