because they did n't learn the lesson of what just happened in the us ???? 
  stop blaming the russians and sort yourself out . 
  i assume little will change . 
  i think this will show exactly how little power a president actually has . 
  the party will control him . 
  he was a puppet with a big mouth and will continue this roll, 
  you really have to wonder what sort of society we 're heading for in a few years . 
  if none of the major corporations pay tax , or the amount they pay is so small as to be negligible then how do you run a country or a region ? 
  the simple answer is to continue raising taxes on the population . 
  this annoys people . 
  this leads to racism , xenophobia and all sorts of hatred . 
  eventually a spark sets up a flame and we 're into a war that could have never been contemplated years before . 
  austerity in german lead to wwii . 
  will austerity in europe lead to war with russia ? 
  who knows . 
  i 'm assuming a handful of people turn up . 
  with the eu+us on a crash course with the russians i 'm sure they are mad to keep the british on side due to their military power . 
  so are these subsidies the method that governments are using to keep the cost of renewable power excessively high for the future ? 
  with fossil fuels they were able to use supply and demand of oil , gas and coal to justify price hikes , but now as we transition to renewable and basically limitless sources of energy we need some method of ensuring there is still some form of market control . 
  or that all irish people are alcoholics . 
  sure some are , but not all . 
  well mostly not everyone . 
  but some perhaps, 
  so it this the sign that war is coming ? 
  wonder how much it cost ? 
  game over man . 
  could you arrest apple over 13 billion owed to ireland that our government refuses to collect ? 
  just in case you think austerity works, 
  maybe they should fuck off back to turkey, 
  farming practices in the us are not the same as in the eu . 
  this story reminds me of some facebook contacts posting a story from natural news that mentions us meat or farming , which is currently banned from the eu, 
  true story, 
  whenever i read about the stuff the british did in places like africa or india it always pales in comparison to the stories about the belgians , jesus they were harsh slave masters . 
  if its touched the glass its a second class relic . 
  thats some powerful juju right there . 
  i remember my mother explaining first class , second class and third class relics . 
  nobody under 50 in that crowd , you can almost hear the creaking arthritis, 
  a couple of hundred years of bloody colonization will do that for you . 
  that said england and ireland are more like dysfunctional cousins these days . 
  we forget about the past and rarely fight unless there 's drink or football involved, 
  i know i 'm biased being from ireland , but it really depresses me that we continually see special treatment and rules being bent for the larger nations , especially germany and france , while everyone else has to do what they are told . 
  they 'll wait until the bailout is agreed , give it till the end of that week , then announce the move . 
  everyone is equal in europe , but some are more equal than others . 
  recently in the north of ireland some religious politicians were demanding that creationism be taught in science classes . 
  we still have some religious extremists in our small country . 
  you have n't been to an irish catholic school so . 
  i went to a small rural school where the priest would drop in every couple of months to speak with the kids . 
  probably not done as often these days , but they definitely still call in around the time of the first communion or confirmation to make sure all the kids are fully indoctrinated . 
  which is why my kids go to a multi-denomination school . 
  nothing takes the power away from religion quicker than education and understanding that every religion says ours is the true religion, 
  i feel the same about teaching religion in schools, 
  i love tom cruise movies . 
  i hate scientology . 
  i try to not let one thing ruin my enjoyment of another thing, 
  the current irish government is so pro-germany we 'll probably throw in a couple of billion to help out . 
  the biggest problem with a european army is the will to put it into action . 
  regardless of what people think , russia is n't invading us . 
  why attack the place that buys your oil , gas and goods . 
  you 'd just take russia down . 
  instead we 'll have never ending proxy wars in the middle east . 
  maybe we 'll even consider wars in africa next . 
  personally i think we 're only a short distance away from a war with the saudi 's . 
  its like a longer version of what happened to saddam . 
  we 've been selling them weapons and letting them away with things for ages . 
  eventually someone in the west will shout war crime and we 'll have to invade . 
  seeing as we 've sold them top quality weaponry it 'll be a longer more entertaining war than the last gulf war . 
  it 'll make great tv and make trillions for the weapons companies . 
  from the most anti-semitic to the most jewish . 
  a leading mental acrobatic it seems . 
  bet the guy is a joy to be around . 
  so flights are going to get more expensive again right ? 
  the title is pure clickbait . 
  so is this a more editorial way of saying `` almost 30 % of muslims reject state law in france ? '', 
  was this the guy that used to dress in tracksuits all the time ? 
  ireland had a census this year so we 're all waiting to see if we 've had another shift in religious belief , or non-belief as the case may be . 
  `` why i believe that the nobel prize winning financial expert with decades of experience is wrong '', 
   diane abbott has this turned into a shame your health minister thread ? 
  gross , also a measure of her size, 
  if this is a regular occurrence then its no longer a state of emergency . 
  better start legislating and reinstate the constitution then guys . 
  belgian wow they could be twins, 
  ireland had an obese minister for health for years . 
  google mary harney . 
  the cuba crisis was the russians moving nukes . 
  i suppose it would n't even be the first time the us lost a nuke though, 
  take it with a pinch of salt . 
  the story was merely to put out the rumor that there are 20 american nukes somewhere in turkey to antagonize the russians . 
  there 's very little truth in it . 
  the average irish person pays close on that when you add all the stealth taxes and charges . 
  its beginning to feel like we have began subsidizing these multinationals . 
  we appear to get almost no financial benefit in having them here . 
  they are little more than brass plate companies who do n't even employ local staff , while at the same time the state tells us they ca n't afford to invest in front line social services . 
  they will pay next to nothing in taxes here while increasing our headline gdp and required payments to the eu . 
  they 'll wash a large portion of it through the knowledge box and could always wash whats left through a charity . 
  all legal and above board . 
  its the sort of `` leak '' the is used to justify more spending on military hardware . 
  if we could only get some of those billion dollar companies to actually pay 12.5 % corporation tax we 'd be one of the wealthiest countries in europe . 
  it worked for ireland ... as long as you do n't talk about evictions , homelessness , collapse of frontline public services , hospital ward closures , increased taxes and charges , some of the highest costs in europe for food , alcohol , insurance ... 
  the lion tamer becomes the lion . 
  but he played call of duty !,
