  we 're continuing to subsidize multinationals while not offering similar tax breaks to our own . 
  thats a strange type of discrimination, 
  please do n't say `` ireland '' . 
  its the fine gael lead irish government who are doing this . 
  i ca n't remember the quote from father ted , but dougal and ted are talking about oil off the coast and why do n't the irish drill their own wells and ted says no , we 'll leave that to professionals , we 're good at b&b 's and that sort of thing . 
  i think its the most accurate picture of how ireland is run . 
  complete self-deprecation . 
  we 're no good , we have nothing to offer , pay no tax and give us a few jobs , please do n't leave ... and their gone . 
  back to growing spuds lads . 
  ireland is a country with a high cost of living for its citizens . 
  our taxes are about the eu average , possibly on the higher side , but on top of that , list anything from petrol to beer and we 're up there with the most expensive . 
  basically to run a country like ireland while turning a blind eye to billions in taxes the only route is to pass that loss on to the public . 
  successive governments have created and reinforced this notion that ireland has nothing to offer , except a low tax rate . 
  until this mentality is changed the situation will stay the same, 
  get over it . 
  if its not the americans crying because their candidate did n't win its the fucking brits crying about brexit again . 
  and both the yanks and the brits are happy enough to stick their own noses in other countries elections and bomb the middle east into oblivion , but you lose one fucking vote and its all russia russia russia . 
  the biggest problem with all this money `` just passing through '' is that not only is there no economic benefit from it , but with an increased gdp we end up paying a larger amount to the eu as the commitment to the eu is based on your countries gdp , seen as your countries ability to pay . 
  the reality on the ground in ireland is cuts to all regional hospitals and ward closures `` because of safety concerns '' , cuts to mental healthcare budgets , and an inability to deal with any crisis such as homelessness . 
  its not all doom and gloom though . 
  things are slowly improving . 
  unfortunately its glacial slow . 
  every percentage improvement is like licence to bring in new taxes and charges putting things back a step again . 
  thats some inception level inception, 
  if we 're honest , irish terrorism is over . 
  we 're in a slow peace process and at some point it 'll be easy to hand back the 6 counties , if we really want them . 
  anyone currently involved in things like `` the real ira '' are young thugs , mostly drug dealers , looking to hide their violence and drug selling under the banner sectarian violence . 
  its bullshit though and the sooner we all stop calling them anything other than thugs or drug dealers , the better . 
  if they were born in any other part of the world guys like this would be knee deep in whatever opportunity was there to hurt or kill people . 
  sociopaths . 
  just looking for the opportunity . 
  i could do with using more punctuation so i 'll give you a pass , 
  give him time , the penny will drop eventually . 
  one irish paper referred to him as a one time promising footballer ( gaa ) to highlight that he was n't always bad . 
  just like they were his only options , football or terrorism . 
  its a book of morals and parables , that does n't make the book moral . 
  thats no man . 
  he 's an asshole, 
  until we find out its the croatian language version of each book, 
  the amazon fire 7 tablets are reduced at the moment . 
  i bought one last year in the sales . 
  the battery is amazing and the screen is incredibly clear for reading . 
  the thing that gets me is the press were stoking the fires with all this fear that there might be a few bad people in the middle of the refugees streaming in from syria , but i see very little concern about the release of 35000 actual confirmed criminals . 
  priorities i guess . 
  does anyone know what happened to the 35000 prisoners the turks released to make space for the people involved in the coup ? 
  its never been mentioned since it was announced . 
  the `` migrants '' we 're drowning in are from the uk, 
  its a good comparison i suppose . 
  we 've killed the best calf for greece, 
  ireland is doing fine . 
  there 's no crisis with homelessness , no crisis with public sector pay , no crisis with hospital beds and lack of frontline services . 
  its all grand , no point in giving us a break at all . 
  the prodigal son, 
  rather than read the independents take on who the guy is would any italians like to give me a real perspective ? 
  as an irish person i have learned a few things about austerity in europe . 
  ireland is seen as the good kid , we pay our way , we contributed to 42 % of the bailout cost seen across the eurozone , we received no debt reduction whatsoever . 
  greece , seen as the bad child , has received deal after deal and does n't seem to have hit any targets along the way . 
  if you were to hold a brexit style vote in ireland today i would say it would be a very close run event . 
  i remember watching skynews pretty much daily when it first hit the scene and then somewhere around 2003-2004 just not going to the news stations anymore . 
  the 24 hour news cycle and need to have a villain to chase all the time made news channels toxic . 
  now apart from catching the news at 6 or 9 for the headlines i pretty much avoid main news channels, 
  not sure if we get cnn in europe . 
  anyone ? 
  i heard of that story only from main stream media sources . 
  mary got impregnated on december 8th ( feast of the immaculate conception ) and had the baby on december 25th . 
  thats a miracle in itself . 
  christians have no problem enjoying the old pagan winter festival and re-titling it as `` christmas '' so i ca n't see why other religions would n't enjoy having a few days off or getting paid a few quid extra, 
  this is an easy win , they 'd be foolish not to jump and do it now , although i am concerned by the thought of what ff/fg will want to add or subtract from the bill before it actually gets passed , but look , its a step and a step i did n't think i 'd see happening so soon . 
  as long as we had a conservative school teacher as a leader i thought it would never happen, 
  a thousand monkeys with typewriters, 
  now the eerie experiments will begin !, 
  its very difficult to attack dictators in authoritarian regimes when you 're standing for your fourth term as leader . 
  `` but we like her '' . 
  well all it takes is for someone you do n't like to get into power and hold that seat before you realise that four terms is excessive, 
  so when does the war start ? 
  if hillary had one then the gop would be saying it was fixed and calling for an end to facebook and more censorship needed on the internet . 
  now that trump has won the democrats are doing the exact same thing . 
  both sides just want to be in control simple . 
  i think 2016 has been marked by big political gambles that have not paid off, 
  i 'm not that old, 
  if i 've learned anything in recent years its that america cares about america and only america . 
  they 'll bomb , kidnap and do whatever they want in other countries because `` terrorism '' , but its an act of war if someone does n't respect their people and borders . 
  sorry to hear you 're off your meds again . 
  tough break . 
  europe , russia , china and us are all swimming in debt . 
  pushing billions into weapons is just stupid when we have homelessness and starvation . 
  people are easily lead by fear . 
  weapons manufacturers love a bit of fear . 
  much appreciated, 
  modern connected economies and financial systems makes global war obsolete . 
  super powers like the ones you 've mentioned would do more harm to their enemies by changing exchange rates than by dropping bombs . 
  the only reason to build a big army and sell weapons is if your country has a large part of its economy thats based around weapons production . 
  america , russia , china , germany , they can justify building large standing armies for wars that never happen . 
  all you need is a population living in the fear of war and you can spend as much as you want on weapons while shutting schools and hospitals because your country is broke . 
  a lot of recent video 's from american colleges showing all this nonsense about safe spaces and trigger warnings . 
  shutting down debate because you dislike what the person has to say . 
  guess what , xenophobia , racism and hate should make you uncomfortable , but you have to learn how to debate and speak against people who use those terms . 
  but it goes beyond that now . 
  people want to shut down anything they dislike . 
  its getting ridiculous , and potentially dangerous,
