  if the us and europe keep blowing these countries back into the stoneage then why are we confused or upset that people there follow a stoneage religion ? 
  the only way to defeat religion is through education and the only way to educate is to build schools and infrastructure , not bomb and destroy . 
  the west has people who have a house , a mortgage , a favourite tv show , we have too many things to consider blowing ourselves up . 
  take all that away and see what happens . 
  middle eastern countries have been bombed constantly by western powers . 
  they barely have electricity in some areas . 
  people with nothing have nothing to loose . 
  9/11 , saudi arabian terrorists fly planes into buildings in new york . 
  america attacks iraq destabalising the area and creating the biggest recruitment opportunity for global terrorism the world has seen . 
  buzz words . 
  if they were n't well known to police and acted alone their a `` lone wolf '' . 
  if they looked at websites or visited an islamic country in the last year they are `` radicalised '' . 
  if they were white they were right wing or suffered mental health problems . 
  so when they say spate they mean one specific incident , but then say `` on a daily basis '' without providing evidence ? 
  nice work poland, 
  just when we had settled on religion, 
  so where does a guy like this get access to explosives ? 
  the laziest term in journalism is using the words `` there has been a call for ... '' or something to that effect . 
  generally you will find that there has been one person who has asked for something , or one specific organisation while the headline makes you believe that it is a widespread movement . 
  avoid future war and genocide , lets have them both now ? 
  thanks for clarification . 
  to be honest i was n't asking to bomb tunisia , i was trying to point out the absurdity of previous governments responses . 
  for the us , they seemed to be looking for a reason to go into iraq , which had nothing to do with the 9/11 attacks . 
  i do n't believe that this individual was part of isis , he was just a waste of space . 
  bombing another country because of his actions makes no sense . 
  i think western governments have made and will continue to make the wrong decisions in the war against terror . 
  its easier to go to war when the constitution is suspended . 
  so will france join their american friends in syria or where else can they attack ? 
  i know the guy was tunisian , but they wo n't bomb tunisia , like how the 9/11 attackers were mostly saudi but that launched the war in iraq . 
  apart from mentioning ghettos and gas chambers you 're pretty close to the nazi final solution there . 
  really ? 
  well ireland did absolutely everything that was asked of us by europe including voting twice on the lisbon treaty so that europe got the right answer , and we paid 42 % of the cost of europe 's bank bailout , but we go no debt forgiveness . 
  zero . 
  its going to be decades before we finally pay every thing off . 
  but we 're seen as a success story for austerity, 
  you should add the words `` i hope '', 
  force the action or cause the action , same outcome . 
  a large section of the military were told it was simply an exercise . 
  reports are that the so called coup consisted of only 2 tanks and a handful of helicopters . 
  tbh i think it has all the hallmarks of a false flag used to take power . 
  you 're assuming that a politician understands the long term implications of their actions . 
  any look at irish history suggests they do n't . 
  america and the uk will tell us . 
  because they never had bad intelligence, 
  by reading the poster and not tearing it down you are now complicit and have been added to a watch list . 
  i did n't make it up https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_troubles, 
  back during the troubles can you imagine the reaction if the uk started capturing and deporting suspected ira members . 
  i 'm no jihadi lover but i do n't feel comfortable with suspending the law like this . 
  its a slipper slope . 
  ireland rarely gets above 25 . 
  last year i brought my wife to morocco for our wedding anniversary . 
  it was between 40-43 degrees the entire week . 
  to survive we would escape back to the hotel every day from 12-3pm , close the curtains and put on the air conditioning at full power , basically avoiding the maximum temperatures . 
  but it was a dry heat . 
  i was thinking about this over the weekend and you might be right . 
  with all the trouble in nice it might have been easier to leak the updated story on bataclan, 
  it seems unlikely that this site somehow got an exclusive that any other major new site was unable to secure . 
  add to that , that most of the stories seem to be sensational or explosive and i really do n't trust the source . 
  lets see how this plays out over the coming days, 
  sponsored by buckfast, 
  unfortunately you 're making a fact based argument so not many will pay attention . 
  complex thought is n't his specialty though, 
  europe has already raided bank accounts in other european countries so i 'm sure there 's a precedent . 
  ireland of course has already paid 42 % of the cost of europes bank crisis , so maybe i can get some sort of discounted rate ? 
  i do n't like the new germany centric eu . 
  plus if we highlighted the high level of rape associated with the proximity to international us bases it would negatively impact trumps dialogue that all rapists are mexican . 
  we need some sort of hiring embargo put in place . 
  a high ranking official should not be able to simply hop across the fence into the private sector immediately after he `` retires '' and if he is retired he should not be able to access a pension if he continues working . 
  he brings all of his insider information and contacts with him , its just scandalous . 
  we now need to question how many of the policies he was involved in ended up benefiting goldman sachs . 
  this type of conflict of interest needs to be illegal and enforced harshly . 
  when i was about 1.5 years old i got an infection and the doctor told my parents i should get circumcised . 
  there was a long waiting list and they basically forgot about it until i was almost 4 and got an official letter from the local hospital . 
  by then i had n't had any issues in a few years . 
  kids sometimes grow out of `` technical '' issues . 
  my parents decided it was best to go along with the operation just in case . 
  it was sore . 
  it was really damn sore . 
  my parents are irish rc rather than jewish . 
  unless its a medical necessity its just cruel punishment on young kids . 
  you know , child abuse . 
  i spoke with my mum about it recently . 
  she could n't believe i remembered all of it so vividly despite it happening 30 + years ago . 
  you do n't forget something like that . 
  oh there 's nothing new about that, 
  culture is a set of practices . 
  does a practice hurt someone or cause unnecessary suffering ? 
  under what circumstances should a cultural practice be protected ? 
  female genital mutilation is seen as barbaric , but yet male genital mutilation is protected ? 
  it should be banned until the child becomes an adult and decides for themselves . 
  simple . 
  do n't mistake the actions of a corrupt government for the will of the people . 
  most irish people want companies to pay their share . 
  as it stands its like we are subsidizing billion dollar companies while our front line public services collapse . 
  where was i wrong ? 
  homelessness has become an epidemic in ireland in recent years . 
  front line public services are almost non-existent at this point . 
  none of this success is trickling down to ground level, 
  its simple , our politicians do n't allow things like rising homelessness or removal of public hospital services get in the way of hitting targets . 
  if you are comfortable with walking over your citizens then business will respond .
