  and while we 're at it you 'd need really big hands ... 
  so we 're back to another way of trying to convince the public that we need a european army under german control ? 
  as far as i 've seen its always been america first . 
  regardless of the president america has consistently bombed countries all over the world searching for terrorists and the odd few civilians who get in the way . 
  i assume it could be worse under trump , but do n't think it would have been much different if clinton got in either . 
  america says respect our borders , but america does n't respect other countries borders . 
  as bush ii said , you 're either with us or against us . 
  i think it works out as if its less that $ 44,400 its not illegal , which actually reads as `` all bribes should be $ 44,399 or less '', 
  i saw the chucky and leprechaun movies when i was a kid . 
  very little scarier than a small person with an appetite for destruction, 
  more american 's are killed by toddlers with handguns every year than by muslim terrorists . 
  but hey , have you seen lockheed martins stock price , isis is great for business . 
  so are we still blaming russia or is russia sponsoring the far right ? 
  just looking for inevitable russian link the press throws up . 
  something like 80 % identify as catholic , we had a census last year and the results are due in october . 
  that being said its the older population who would be really holy . 
  a lot of the modern generation barely attend mass , numbers are really low apart from big festivals like easter and christmas . 
  we 've had so many religious order abuse cases it kind of undermines the power of the church . 
  they still have some power because politicians do n't want to fight with their religious parents it seems , but we 're starting to see better separation of church and state . 
  a massive win for lgbt rights last year with the marriage equality referendum and it looks like an abortion referendum battle is coming soon . 
  debt we should never had been saddled with . 
  but hey , what you gon na do . 
  its like a backdoor to some of the best/worst parts of tpp getting through . 
  so on the surface it looks like its benefiting the consumer but really its about cementing the profit margin for the corporation . 
  this is nothing new , the catholic church still owes the state at least 246 million for raping kids and general child abuse over the years and you do n't see our politicians chasing them , in fact they 're looking at a plan to lease buildings from the church , basically paying them state money they can use to repay the debt they owe the state . 
  does that make sense to you ? 
  if our politicians wo n't go after child rapists what hope have we for going after money from a tech company . 
  we do n't need it according to our politicians . 
  we 'd probably spend it on daft things like hospitals , schools and frontline social services . 
  our homeless will die on the streets like nature intended ( i 'm being satirical in case you needed to be told . 
  our political leaders are cunts ), 
  every sperm is sacred . 
  keeping a population poor and following a religion of the weak and downtrodden is key to the churches survival . 
  a well educated and happy society does n't have much need for gods or saviors . 
  pence is the one thing keeping us all hoping trump does n't get assassinated . 
  of course even by using that word i 'm probably added to a no fly list now . 
  not that i 'm going stateside anytime soon . 
  y' all crazy . 
  if you want stability in the world reduce poverty and give women access to reproductive rights . 
  if you want instability , do the opposite . 
  larger families means higher living costs and reduced quality of life for the entire family . 
  just a question . 
  can any of you point me to any of the russian propaganda news stories that we are being flooded with ? 
  i 'd like to see what we 're dealing with, 
  if recent stories are true , at this point the bigger industry players are writing their own laws and the department of finance is rubber stamping them . 
  darth noonan should be remembered for selling off half the country, 
  do n't forget us irish . 
  our wonderful government announced a patent box system at the same time as announcing they were phasing out previous tax loopholes . 
  basically they shut down one loophole that was annoying the eu while announcing another one . 
  turkey are just proving the point that in order for religious fundamentalism to take hold you need to collapse the quality of your education . 
  sure , but do we go for the obvious under the chin style switch like in humans , or the hidden secret switch like data from st : tng ? 
  mgm - male genital mutilation . 
  call it like it is . 
  wow , down-voted for telling the truth . 
  really ? 
  i 've got a load of kids and most of my family are atheist or agnostic . 
  you 'd think they 'd ask that question , and most do , but then the papers run stories that say 90 % of refugee children are actually 35 years old or over and most of them are radicalized jihadi 's , and suddenly a lot of people do n't want them on our doorstep anymore . 
  well its easier to sell a war without end in the middle east when the public feels like they are being over-run by the rising hoard of invading muslim refugees . 
  it was n't meant for you . 
  it was meant for the other people reading the thread . 
  thats how a comments section works . 
  secularism is growing faster in europe than islam . 
  there 's a perception that there are more muslims in europe than there actually are ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_europe ) . 
  a recent study in europe actually dealt with this showing that people vastly over estimated how many muslims were in their country . 
  so they did the trial within nursing ? 
  this sounds like it was set up to fail . 
  nursing would n't be the type of profession that lends itself to a 6 hour day . 
  if this had been done using office workers i would expect the results to have been quite different . 
  for example they stated 17 additional nurses were needed giving a 12m krone bill , so on average that means the nurses were earning around $ 95,000 which seems really high . 
  did they opt for contract staff or is that the salary a nurse earns ? 
  very true, 
  `` the country '' . 
  as a country person living on the east coast thats about as accurate as it gets . 
  in the perfect world once the costs of the road and a mild profit are taken , that the toll should either cease or drop dramatically and be taken over by the state , but it makes no sense to leave this profit stream to be managed by a private company long term . 
  its like creating a natural resource and then handing it away . 
  you see that sort of logical thinking would keep you out of a high paying job in ireland . 
  of course . 
  at roughly 25 % they were the largest single group and managed to pull together enough support to form a government . 
  i do n't have to like that a group with only 25 % support still runs the country though, 
  ireland will happily sell off a few roads through public private partnerships . 
  private company builds the roads and then place a toll on the road to regain their investment . 
  it works up to a point . 
  once the cost of the road has been regained the company is then just extracting uncapped profits . 
  also with the irish loopholes the profits face little or no tax payment, 
  in ireland we were told that all success is private and all failure is public . 
  thats why we bailed out private banks with public money and now the banks post private profits while we continue to pay higher taxes . 
  `` stripe '' could have been the irish equivalent to paypal . 
  instead of supporting an irish company , the boys from limerick now headquarter the company in san francisco . 
  its just an example of course , but throughout history ireland has a long list of successful inventors and entrepreneurs . 
  this notion that all ireland has to offer the world is a low corporate tax rate needs to end . 
  should we go all out and tell the multinationals not to pay any corporation tax at all next year ? 
  its the common problem with politicians . 
  they care about the next 4 years , what will get them re-elected . 
  if there 's a visible bump in the road but its 8-10 years down the line they do n't really care . 
  i think ireland has a bit of a trump scenario . 
  75 % of the country voted against fg and kenny , but because we all could n't agree to vote for the same crowd we end up with kenny and noonan back at the wheel again . 
  it galls me that noonan always says ireland tried our hardest to negotiate the debt and the banking tribunal exposed the fact that noonan made a total of 2 calls on the same day and got nowhere and that was the entirety of his attempt to get a deal on our debt . 
  some hero . 
  it massively discriminates against actual irish companies . 
  our government has always put more of an emphasis on helping international businesses over our own local companies .
