  interestingly ireland has zero white collar crime . 
  it happens , but you wo n't hear of anyone enforcing it . 
  now if we could only get those darned corporations to pay a couple of quid in taxes . 
  things are getting better but frontline services continue to be an issue . 
  the health service is continually being pushed towards privatization and homelessness has risen , but of course that reality is n't being portrayed in the press because it would fly in the face of the official line that austerity works . 
  thats how we call it in ireland too !, 
  hard luck germany ... ... . and suddenly the eu announces sanctions against france for budget spending . 
  ha ha ha, 
  its sad that worse massacres have been happening all across parts of africa but western powers stand by and do nothing . 
  you can chop up as many people as you like with machete but until you use chemical weapons or your actions effect the flow of crude oil , you wo n't get bothered by the west . 
  because his wife told him to . 
  jesus , not bon jovi, 
  but its the modern way to be enraged by the headline without having to read the article ! . 
  let me have my rage !!, 
  jesus thats a cold hearted response . 
  europe needs a bit of a wake up call . 
  thank you kindly, 
  its ok nigel , nobody does, 
  imgur is blocked at my office , can anyone excel that for me ? 
  `` may '' ... or may not , we 're pushing hyperbole here people . 
  facts rarely sell newspapers these days, 
  so who decides what is hate speech ? 
  how about colm or brendan !, 
  you can just stop there . 
  she 's the top, 
  initailly it was being used to feed britains standing army , as well as exports to the anglo sikh war , settlement wars in new zealand and south africa and supporting a decline in british agricultural production due to the industrial revolution as people migrated to the cities . 
  the crimean war broke out in the last year of the potato blight and they continued to feed their army from irish farms until 1856 which scuppered any chance of a recovery . 
  does that answer your question ? 
  anglo sikh war - 1845 -- 1846 new zealand - 1845 -- 1872 south africa - 1820 on as far as i can remember edited for clarity, 
  ok , yes , the british government took food from ireland to support its war effort while watching the irish starve . 
  i grew up in the west of ireland and my grandfather was a historian . 
  i think that should say `` merkel and holland want a war to justify a european army '', 
  at the height of the famine the choctaw indians raised money to send to the starving irish . 
  you can still go and see the abandoned famine villages in some of the coastal regions around the west coast, 
  germany reunites in 1990 , a wave of national unified pride sweeps the nation and they win the world cup in 1990 followed by the european cup in 1996 . 
  ireland reunites in 2018 ... ... fingers crossed !, 
  ireland gets a bad rep for alcohol , and when you read stories like this you really wonder if other european countries are worse than we are . 
  these laws seem really strange , like the government having a monopoly in owning alcohol shops . 
  really odd . 
  president douchebag the first, 
  wow , thats incredible . 
  really unfair, 
  i agree with you, 
  thanks for the feedback , good to know . 
  kind of off topic away from dickhead farage , i was recently reading that the term `` rape `` was being applied by the swedish to a broad range of physical abuse of a sexual nature . 
  i 'm wondering what swedes themselves think of this . 
  imo i think it dilutes the crime of actual rape and makes for very blurred statistics . 
  anyone else have any thoughts on it ? 
  the thing that really blew my mind in recent years was finding out that he and ian paisley were becoming fast friends and had prayed together . 
  i 'm throwing out a stereotype , who said i was hating ? 
  so living on chainsmoking and espressos is good for you ? 
  i much prefer cremation . 
  pass around whatever functioning organs i can offer for the transplant list and burn the remaining husk . 
  this type of false support is what keeps them in power and people need to realise this . 
  lots of people who never set foot in a church never mind believe half of it , still put their tick in the `` catholic '' box because mammy would want them to . 
  empty churches up and down the country tell a different story . 
  priests delaying retirement or working up to the day they die just to keep churches open because there are no new priests coming up to take their place . 
  the chruch will be dead here in a few years regardless, 
  so while the turks were mounting a fake coup to round up teachers , police and soldiers while releasing thousands of prisoners so they can make space in the prisons they were still considered for access to europe , but one mention of the death penalty and its goodbye ? 
  europes standards have slipped, 
  ireland has results due in october of the latest census . 
  i 'd be hopeful that the number drops . 
  i would guess after recent scandals this year that a census today would show an even more significant drop in support, 
  in ireland the catholic church told everyone they 'd burn in hell so a lot of politicians are afraid and a few more area afraid what older voters think . 
  simple really . 
  we just ship anyone who needs one to england . 
  i have the karma , i can take the hits, 
  it does feel like germany is much more pro-eu than most other eu countries these days, 
  so this is some proper eu propaganda then ? 
  the headline states rallies in over 40 eu cities . 
  the subheading states thousands across europe at the rallies . 
  when you dig into the facts in the story around 3000 or so were at the biggest rally in berlin , with most of the other rallies also taking place in germany , apart from one in brussels that was too small to photograph and another on in amsterdam that might have been another political gathering that was then deemed pro-eu afterwards . 
  basically pro-eu rallies across germany begging france and the netherlands to not vote for anti-eu politicians . 
  this is almost fake news by euronews . 
  i 'm a bit taken back, 
  it seems like such a strange thing to do on a week night, 
  in theory austerity works , but along with austerity , ( or cutting spending to a manageable level ) , ireland was also lumped with an excessive amount of debt . 
  if we had been allowed to burn some of the bondholders or allowed anglo to collapse properly then austerity would have been fine , manageable . 
  right now we have people saying austerity is great , we succeeded , at the same time as we have strikes growing around the country , we have hospitals reducing frontline services , growing class sizes , cuts to all frontline public services , nama are still selling public assets like they were going out of fashion . 
  basically the private banks fucked up . 
  the debt was pushed on the public . 
  the recovery , increased jobs etc , has come from the private sector again , but at the cost of cuts to the public sector . 
  its a death spiral for the public sector . 
  they 've done themselves no favors , by doing themselves loads of favors . 
  its really made it easy for anti-eu people to rally against them, 
  tight control of the euro . 
  when the rest of europe was calling for quantitative easing to stabilize their countries markets germany held firm because it benefited them . 
  finally when this affected exporting german goods they started printing money again . 
  whats good for germany is good for the euro , or thats the way they tell it . 
  thats part of it , but there 's more to it . 
  you all know the story and yet nobody cares . 
  ireland was told in no uncertain terms that bondholders could not be burned and no debt deal was possible . 
  this is a fact . 
  ireland did its own deals on the interest later , but we 're still dealing with the debt . 
  every financial expert i 've read admits this was wrong , but yet all the politicians throw their hands in the air and say sorry , not our problem . 
  ireland is then paraded as a posterboy for the success of austerity . 
  on the flip side they 're not as quick to tell you that we have a major homeless crisis , regional hospitals and services are at breaking point and our government has sold half the country to vulture funds to hit the targets set by the troika . 
  they do n't care about us , and generally mix us up with gb ,, 
  s&p are more powerful than governments and that concerns me as much as the rise of these nazi parties , sorry , alt-whateveryamacallems . 
  any day now,
