  says the guy named `` child dealer '' . 
  these sanctions may hurt businesses like shell , which is obviously heavily invested in oil-rich saudi arabia ( a quick google search turned up with 50 % ownership of several refineries and many business deals in 2013 ) . 
  however , it 's not like they are n't going to be making shit heaps of money anyways , so w/e . 
  i would guess so , or else we 'd probably be in the lead for all of europe . 
  i actually have n't driven a car in over 6 months , i get everywhere by bicycle or train . 
  ... i do n't get the point . 
  '' * god , please no . 
  what language would belgium sing in ? 
  i think you might be on to something there ... * `` look at my beard , my beard is amazing ... '' *, 
  it was n't them the audience was booing at , they were booing at recent russian geopolitics . 
  the girls know that so i do n't think they 'll be too offended . 
  if anything they should be pissed at putin . 
  i want in on that action !, 
  ... i think . 
  singing a song about mustaches ... yeah good luck with that . 
  hah , we 're not going to win though . 
  it 's like the elfstedentocht . 
  we have a chance every year , but it never happens . 
  what if the english sing in their own language ? 
  3 drinks ? 
  homophobes are not suddenly going to give up on their irrational hatred because of some territorial struggles . 
  nah , eventually a combined european-american space program will get to the moon with all their gear and find that the chinese have been setting up bases for years . 
  in soviet era romania , happiness no is . 
  only apples . 
  are n't you supposed to hide them ? 
  this is like the easiest egg-hunt ever . 
  man ... ca n't those sanctions come a little sooner ? 
  any kid can see what 's going on here . 
  these are the kind of forts i want to be attacking in the next total war game !, 
  ... i 'm sorry but i 'm not going to share that deliciousness with anyone . 
  excellent idea . 
  in the meantime , let 's exchange food . 
  if you send me beer , chocolate and belgian fries i 'll send back some licorice and herring . 
  ... somehow that deal does n't seem fair . 
  the germans , it 's an age-old tradition . 
  well , no . 
  the provinces of the habsburg netherlands signed the pacification of ghent in 1576 to form a united front against marauding spanish soldiers ( unpaid by the spanish crown , responsible for the sacking of antwerp ) . 
  once the soldiers were pulled back from the area the spanish offered the catholic nobles of belgium their original privileges back , which they accepted . 
  the nobles of belgium formed the union of atrecht ( nowadays ; arras ) in 1579 , but the northern states did not want to submit to catholic repression again and they formed the union of utrecht . 
  so actually it it you who abandoned us . 
  let that sink in for a while . 
  brother , let 's set aside our differences ... and unite against the french . 
  hahaha i just noticed my spelling error . 
  i mean , eerhm , i 'm going to bear the hell out of you . 
  rawr . 
  i wonder whose expertise you 're going to hire to create artificial islands , 
  i 'm sorry , i ca n't bear you over the overwhelming sound of an entire country speaking the same language . 
  we 'll rise up above belgium in a few years when we start utilizing our coastline for more wind power . 
  inferiority complex much ? 
  with all the shit going on in the world , ukraine , syria , egypt , you name it , and all the talk of corporate corruption of the governments of supposedly `` free '' nations everywhere ... it actually feels pretty good that the european union is still trying to serve its citizens . 
  which is exactly why weapons should be tightly controlled . 
  i 'm not saying all store owners should arm themselves to the teeth with automatic machine guns and bazookas and what-not , but something non-lethal like a tazer or pepper spray should be allowed for store owners . 
  if i beat a robber with a baseball bat and break his arm i would n't feel a shred of guilt . 
  i guess if i kill him with a strike to the head ... mixed feelings . 
  this is not about this case in particular , it 's about robberies in general . 
  law abiding citizens should not have to become victims of violent robbers because they ca n't lift a finger in self defense . 
  those robbers did not have to be there , but they were , and they were n't wearing masks for the hell of it . 
  i 'm willing to bet that this woman did what she did because she saw her shop and husband being assaulted and she tried to protect what was hers , not because she is some trigger-happy asocial bitch with a grudge against foreigners . 
  i bet that if instead of a gun she had a tazer in the few seconds that she had to act , she would rather have used that . 
  but she did n't . 
  she did n't ask for any of this and i do n't blame her for doing what she did . 
  i 'm sure a grand majority of people agree with me . 
  well if someone physically assaults me for my candy , threatens me with a gun and death , then yeah , fuck that guy . 
  there 's a big difference between shoplifting and armed robbery . 
  i 'm not saying that you should aim to kill , but if someone breaks into my home you can bet your ass that i will do anything in my power to get them out . 
  there is also a big difference between a hungry child stealing an apple and two grown , masked , armed men with full knowledge of the illegality of their actions and with intent to take thousands of euros worth of jewelry from honest , hard working people . 
  it is their choice to rob the store , and although they may not have deserved death , i do n't pity them . 
  just a few maroccans are ruining the reputation of their peers by being criminals . 
  the same goes for every other nationality . 
  - media uproar over two robbers that got shot in self-defense by the wife of a jeweler . 
  although she probably wo n't face prosecution for murder by the state there are groups demanding that she will get punished . 
  she did not have a permit for her weapon ( a pistol ) . 
  note that it 's not completely sure yet if it was her that did the shooting , authorities are being vague while the investigation goes on . 
  at the moment the woman and her husband are suspects in the murder , although they have not been incarcerated . 
  i think the right to shoot robbers in self defense is pretty self-explanatory . 
  if you do n't want to get shot ... do n't rob people . 
  no , the * secret * ones ... the gernan ones are facing the wrong way . 
  damnit , they 're onto us !, 
  to the bunkers !, 
  can confirm . 
  i lived there for about nine years , through primary and high school . 
  it 's pretty shitty but i do n't think foreigners are to blame for that . 
  the worst neighborhoods are inhabited mostly by `` ethnic '' dutch people , and they can be pretty scummy as well . 
  argentina . 
  that was kind of my point , the eu is almost powerless . 
  provoking russia by running guns blazing into ukraine would be idiotic . 
  i actually looked up `` president of ukraine '' on google , this is the name that came up . 
  i just checked it for you , the actual dutch spelling is `` janoekovitsj '' . 
  i 'm interested to see what kind of response will come from brussels . 
  it 's time to lube up the gears of democracy and send a very mean letter to janoekovytsj . 
   never entirely true  never only the sith deal in absolutes, 
  * you get a bashing !, 
  and you get a bashing !, 
  everybody gets a bashing !, 
  good point . 
  what the hell happened to flevoland ? 
  he never brings any viable solutions to the table , just bitching , moaning and finger pointing . 
  `` close the borders to all foreigers ! '', 
  yeah , great fucking idea geert , thanks for the input . 
  history is written by the victors , sadly .
