at least belgium got to keep its colonial empire until the sixties . 
  if belgium ever decided to implode into a flemish , german and french part i think the majority of the netherlands would accept flanders as a new province . 
  and not just because it 's the richest part . 
  but they lost both wars . 
  the last thing we need is another round of economic downturn ... especially with the islamic state right on the border of turkey . 
  if anything is likely to turn people to the `` dark '' side , it 's poor economic prospects . 
  most likely super advanced longships though , powered by burning pure money . 
  we 'll never know what hit us . 
  oh please , we all know where the real danger lies ... a renewed era of viking raids . 
  mark my words . 
  exactly . 
  added to that , china 's economy is just as reliant on the west as we are on them . 
  it 'd be financial ( and not to mention military ) suicide for china to declare war on nato . 
  i once had the pleasure of trying american grocery-store `` gouda '' cheese . 
  it made my inner dutchman cry tears of regret and shame . 
  gooey , rubbery , slimy shit that was more appropriate to use on hamburgers than for grilled cheese sandwiches ( which we all know is the food half of dutch college students survive on ) . 
  never again . 
  you make the mistake of assuming that all pro-russian sentiment was fueled from the outside . 
  there are many people living in the donbass region that actually want to become a part of russia , and they support the separatists . 
  many of the fighters are locals too . 
  obviously a lot of the support has come from russia , and the referendum that was held was n't valid , but there are hundreds of insiders that genuinely support the idea of separatism . 
  that percentage might even have grown , i can imagine that many of the maidan supporters that used to live in those regions have since fled from the warzone . 
  oh is that what he meant ? 
  i do n't agree with the term `` terrorists '' , it 's a term i genuinely use for people that attack innocent citizens to spread fear and confusion . 
  while they are n't exactly the opposite of terrorists , the term does n't quite fit here . 
  i would n't call the majority of them mercenaries either ... more like regular russian army men . 
  apart from all the hidden goals that these groups have , the objective that they are showing to the world is the separation of the donbass region from ukraine , so using the term `` separatists '' does n't seem wrong to me . 
  the fact that they use force instead of peaceful means to get what they want does n't change their purpose . 
  if by propaganda you mean that russia is showing the world it has re-adopted the mindset of over 20 years ago and the western world should be wary of renewed russian agression , then yes , it 's very effective . 
  you can be sure that when the cease-fire ends in 2017 , the ukrainian government will try to re-assert its authority in the eastern regions . 
  maybe this will happen sooner if it appears that the separatists are n't credible leaders of the region , maybe by suppressing its citizens or leading to a food shortage . 
  anyways , when that happens , i believe russia will just step in again and this whole thing will start right over . 
  let 's all just abandon every country that is n't as rich as we are and sit around and drink tea , scoffing at the lowly peasants down south . 
  the hague warmly welcomes all former dictators to answer for their crimes , 
  yeah exactly . 
  in his video he simply states that crimea `` decided '' to declare independence from ukraine with 93 % in favor , conveniently leaving out the fact that russian soldiers already had boots on the ground , and were in total control of the referendum . 
  dollars are one of the main export products of the united states . 
  why do you think the government can afford to sit on a huge pile of debt ? 
  almost all international trade in oil is conducted in american dollars . 
  here 's a [ video ] ( http://youtu.be/tc3tingwfqe?t=1m36s ) explaining it . 
  truth be told the guy sounds a little like a conspiracy nut , but he actually makes some good arguments . 
  well to be fair , greece 's government was responsible for the practical bankrupting of its economy , and the eu did everything in its power to keep the country afloat . 
  i actually heard it 's doing a lot better now . 
  * one of us ... one of us ... one of us ... *, 
  you 're damn right we did . 
  swamp germans master race !, 
  ah i forgot about that . 
  in that case i still would n't count them above new york , 
  it 's almost as if russians are normal humans just like you and me ... 
  those are still parts of our country , so i did n't count them as ex-colonies . 
  hahaha your username is awesome . 
  i 'm thinking manhattan ? 
  or south africa maybe . 
  it 's not like it will actually matter : if we do actually find evidence the russians will just deny it anyways . 
  they 've done nothing but lie from the start of the conflict , and they are also literally the only source of weapons for the separatists . 
  ukraine was n't using their anti-aircraft weapons at the time , simply because the separatists do n't have an air force . 
  the separatists on the other hand had taken down something like 3 helicopters and 2 airplanes from the ukrainian military before mh17 ... 
  if it was n't the separatists then who was ? 
  the whole world knows they did it but somehow that 's not what 's important here . 
  fuck you , environment !, 
  breathe my toxins !, 
  well , a theory does n't have to be true . 
  just saying it makes it a theory . 
  not that i agree of course . 
  and the notion of russia splitting down the middle is laughable . 
  honestly we should all just send our most flamboyant gay singers to the festival , it 'll drive the russians insane . 
  `` what is the world coming to !? '', 
  last year they were subject to constant boo-ing , i do n't think throwing them out would be more embarrassing than that . 
  coming from flevoland myself ... yeah this is correct . 
  almere is almost as bad , it 's just bigger but in closer proximity to amsterdam . 
  also it 's literally only the brits talking about that . 
  the rest of the world simply does n't know of his existence . 
  can i complain about the germans ? 
  * fuckin ' jerries ... diggin ' up our beaches ... *, 
  they 're already providing ukraine with huge amounts of humanitarian aid , so do n't worry . 
  they 're already cheaply buying russian oil and they will soon start buying european food at discount prices ... 
  this crisis is a godsend to them . 
  nope , it never was . 
  lots of jews were saved from the holocaust by swedish diplomats that granted them visas . 
  i think sweden has n't been at war with any country for like 200 years now . 
  and giving billions in aid to the pro-western government , but yes . 
  they are , but it still affects housing prices , which costs local inhabitants thousands of euros . 
  the house i live in currently was the sole survivor of the fire that wrecked my city in 1868 . 
  it was also the sole survivor of the time we lit our kitchen on fire by playing with candles . 
  ahh , the netherlands . 
  that last one was built by napoleon to keep his soldiers busy . 
  dude i totally died . 
  but seriously the rain only lasted about 20 minutes and the streets were never really flooded , it 's just the reflection of the water on the cobbles . 
  already someone has figured out exactly where i live . 
  scary shit bro . 
  van der poel has won best-icecream of the netherlands award this year , again . 
  we often go down there for dessert . 
  pfff , nah ... nowhere near it ... ^ please ^ ^ dont ^ ^ ^ rob ^ ^ ^ ^ me, 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/t9gtxyn.jpg ) is my window view tonight . 
  taken from enschede , close to the border with germany . 
  it 's a bit stormy at the moment . 
  most europeans have access to independent media outlets , and are taught from a young age to think for themselves . 
  there was some genuine worry about where the separatists were taking those bodies , but i never believed that they meant to shoot down a civilian airliner . 
  back then our country was just uncivilized swamp , and italy was the base of the strongest nation in europe . 
  seems laughable now .
