  nevermind that the uk would probably have its own strict and bizarrely complicated laws about consumer products without the eu . 
  it 's what a good government is supposed to do , regulate things . 
  if you stop paying the eu lawmakers to do it for you , you 're going to have to pay british lawmakers to do it at home . 
  makes little difference . 
  the main benefit of the eu is the shared common market . 
  every country that wishes to export its goods to the eu has to pay a tariff , no matter the country . 
  if the uk were to leave the eu , exporting cars might suddenly become 10 % more expensive ( i 'm basing that on the import tariffs the usa has to pay right now , found [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/dds2/taric/measures.jsp?lang=nl&amp;simdate=20160620&amp;area=us&amp;taric=8703&amp;langdescr=nl ) ) . 
  british exports to the rest of the eu in april alone were 12 billion pounds , with imports over 19 billion . 
  if suddenly a tariff of 10 % were to apply , not only would british products become less attractive to eu-member states , but it would also become more expensive to import eu products to the uk ( as the uk would also start applying its own tariffs ) . 
  i 'm being very simplistic here but 10 % of 31 billion pounds in eu trade is 3.1 billion , divide that by the number of days in april and that 's a benefit to trade of 103 million pounds a day . 
  that is excluding all incomes from eu tourism ( which will doubtlessly take a hit as well ) , a big bureaucratic hurdle to imports and exports that 'll be added once britain chooses to leave , the compounded effect of countries choosing other suppliers for uk goods once they 've become more expensive , and the fact that many jobs currently based in britain , such as in the financial industry , will be shipped overseas in order to better fit the eu market . 
  trade would n't suddenly vanish but you 're delusional if you think that it would n't take a hit at all . 
  the jo cox murder was terrible . 
  killing politicians is n't how you deal with problems in a functional democracy , which say what you will , but britain still is . 
  ... well shit . 
  that 's actually hilarious . 
  and might be true in a few weeks . 
  taking offense in something does n't automatically mean you 're right or morally superior . 
  what may be offensive to you can be totally normal to me and vice versa , and it 's irrelevant as an argument . 
  plenty of black people manage to find jobs just fine , and only a few , ignorant , small companies that are widely criticized as being racist will outright refuse an application purely because a person has a different skin color . 
  pretending otherwise is just twisting the facts . 
  on average poc may perform less well in school , but i do n't think that 's due to discriminatory teaching practices . 
  mathematics does n't care about skin color . 
  my mom 's a kindergarten teacher and although she 's not racist , she definitely sees some correlation between her kids ' attention span and motivation and their cultural background . 
  most black kids are actually quite well behaved she says , according to her the problem mostly lies with the boys that have a morrocan background . 
  i never said zwarte piet is black due to the chimney . 
  you do n't get curly hair and red lips from a little coal dust , that 's something that pc politicians have been saying as damage control . 
  it 's pretty obvious that he 's a depiction of a former black slave . 
  that 's true , people at the time believed that they were spreading civilization and enlightenment by colonizing everything on earth . 
  in a way they were right of course , as any nation that was colonized by the europeans has adopted at least part of their culture and most of their technology . 
  enslaving another human being is a pretty shitty thing to do no matter what time you live in , and i can certainly judge them for that . 
  just like the germans during ww2 , they were a product of their time as well ... ca n't blame the current germans though , obviously , as they have nothing to do with that . 
  nor can we judge the current turks for the armenian genocide , but we can all agree that it 's a shitty thing not to acknowledge the crimes of your ancestors . 
  especially if it 's genocide . 
  yeah , sorry portugal , you 're guilty of slave trade too . 
  i guess we 're kind of ... in the same boat ? 
  it 's just that only the most entitled people on this planet are actively searching for stuff to be offended about , and they 're a vocal minority . 
  it 's not that there are n't any real problems to focus on , but the real issues are ignored to give these professional `` offendees '' a voice . 
  the media happily goes along with this , public outrage is great for ratings , and makes it seem like the small , minor inconveniences are actually a huge issue . 
  zwarte piet is an issue to a very small minority , many of whom do n't understand the cultural background or are just using this as a way to draw attention to themselves . 
  instead of focusing on real issues , like for example the elevated level of teen pregnancies in black women in the netherlands , or higher crime rates , lower education levels or what have you , they choose to go after a participant in a public holiday ... 
  even if they do get their way , none of the real problems are going to be solved . 
  if anything , zwarte piet serves as a reminder of our colonial past . 
  he is a former slave , freed by saint nicoleas , who chose to stay with him and help give presents to children . 
  him being black is kind of the point . 
  right ? 
  the netherlands played a major part in trans-atlantic slave trade , we conquered all of indonesia and made it into a huge plantation , and you know what ? 
  for what our ancestors did , which we could not change no matter how much we wanted to . 
  there , how hard was that ? 
  * still not getting rid of zwarte piet though lmao *, 
  erdogan is an asshole , but at least he seems willing to be bought to take in syrian refugees . 
   in practice , they do n't have economic policy . 
  reminds me of trump , farage and wilders . 
  ... tbh both of those things helped establish some goals at least . 
  my mother works in a primary school in the netherlands and she often has one of her students translating between her and the parents during student-teacher conferences . 
  these kids are being raised bilingually and they have to teach themselves to speak dutch . 
  that understandably makes it more difficult to be totally proficient in the language , it 's not really something we can blame on them . 
  you know what helps best against this ? 
  reading stories to these kids , which is an initiative that is being undertaken in many local libraries . 
  europe is the best place in the world to live , so yeah i 'd probably do that as well . 
  eating a jumbo bag of maltesers while crying is not the same as having a girlfriend dude . 
  called it ? 
  not to mention the grand majority of the dutch people , and i bet most europeans as well . 
  also geert wilders is definitely going to try to spin this like it was all his idea to ban turkish ministers from giving speeches here while , as you said , it has the backing of basically every party except denk ( who by the way have been completely silent on the issue so far ) . 
  i now have you tagged as `` grammar crusader '' . 
  well i mean he ca n't give the syrians citizenship if he does n't publicly announce it , or else nobody would know about it and the syrians still could n't apply for jobs and school and stuff . 
  and you can bet your ass that this kind of news would go viral either way , even in a country under such sensorship as modern-day turkey . 
  i do n't think that 's going to go over well with the majority of turks ... but it sure will be an interesting shitshow to witness . 
   his campaign style is much more american-ish you can say that ... / r/the _ klaver, 
  no , it was a private project . 
  the only thing we can blame the government for is approving it in the first place . 
  construction of this castle was started in 2000 , but due to financial problems construction was halted around 2002 . 
  after that , it has changed hands a few times but it was never completed . 
  the original idea was to use it as a location to host weddings and stuff like that . 
  it 's ruined now , like our own little chernobyl . 
  apparently there are now plans to turn the castle and surrounding land into a themepark , called witchworld . 
  if it 's like westworld but with magic instead of cowboys , i might actually be okay with it . 
   it 's a documentary . 
  yeah . 
   so i 'm trying to work out why it 's supposed to be funny , because as i 've been trying to say , it 's just coming across as ` lol stupid women think better next time ' it 's funny because it takes the existing premise of `` real housewives of [ place ] '' , which follows rich housewives that do n't really contribute to society in a meaningful way , sitting around their house , coffeeshops or in bars , going shopping with their girlfriends , not having a job , causing drama for no reason , etc , and applying that premise to the islamic state . 
  for example it takes the drama of having two women show up in the same dress , and now replaces the dress with a suicide vest . 
  normal people would n't be happy about being gifted a suicide vest , and obviously it does n't matter if two people have the same one , because their only purpose is to be * blown up * . 
  so it creates an absurd situation . 
  this is called humor . 
   i 'm saying that for a woman to feel so awful that moving to a totalitarian warzone seems like a better option than her current situation , she must be going through some shit . 
  probably , but that does n't mean that she suddenly can not be held accountable for associating with a terrorist organisation . 
  much less be made fun of . 
   i do n't know if you 've read any isis propaganda , but if you believe in it , you do not ` fully know ' about the atrocities they commit . 
  you can not be serious . 
  from day one , the islamic state has committed atrocities against religious and cultural minorities , terror attacks , slavery and oppression of dissent . 
  part of their propaganda is literally executing people that disagree with them ( ever been to r/watchpeopledie ? ), 
  saying that any person that is so invested in reading their propaganda could possibly miss those , o so tiny , red flags , is simply ridiculous . 
  you 're just looking for stuff to be offended by at this point , and trust me , you 're looking waaay too deep into this . 
  it 's a show making fun of isis , and the people associated with isis . 
  i applaud it , you do n't , let 's leave it at that . 
   it does n't even mention the people in power , let alone criticise them !, 
  so it did n't mention the husbands , like when they bought one of the wives a new chain , to chain her to the kitchen ? 
  you think that subversively saying that women are being enslaved in isis territory seriously is n't critical of the ideology or the people in power ? 
  please forgive the writers of a comedy for not going into intricate details regarding the political power structure of the islamic state , which these rhwoisis obviously have so much to do with , being women and all . 
  never to mention that plenty of criticism of isis already exists all around the globe .
