  something something srebrenica . 
  `` but there are n't any tigers here ... '' `` that 's because it 's such a good rock ! '', 
  it made the netherlands into an attractive target for revolutionary france . 
  how about we start calling flanders `` the nether-netherlands '' ? 
  homosexual girls making out on the streets ? 
  hellz yeah . 
  does the union of atrecht mean anything to you ? 
  your nobles at the time of the 80-years war specifically rejected the bid for independence , which caused the continued prevalence of catholicism in the south . 
  i love that he did n't get that : ' - ), 
  how about declaring independence from a foreign king ? 
  we were like 300 years ahead of you guys . 
  i think religious people in general have more problems with homosexuality , and a large percentage of turkish/moroccan people are muslim so that would explain that . 
  i personally do n't mind if people are gay , that just means more girls for me . 
  in contrast to people from flanders who simply have insecure assholes and soil themselves in public like , all the time . 
  as always . 
  except use periods or commas in your crappy title . 
  back in highschool the teachers did use to have their own lounge which was significantly nicer than our cafetaria , but not in this club :p, 
  it just did n't feel like a thing that a teacher was supposed to be doing . 
  one moment you 're visiting berlin 's historical landmarks , the reichstag , the wall , brandenburg gate , the next moment you 're in a shady nightclub . 
  still turned out to be great fun though , i was 18 anyways . 
  kgb is always of listening ... 
  having a flat country is boring but practical . 
  what happens in berlin stays in berlin . 
  i was there with our german teacher ( i did n't even have german as a class , i did french ) and he took our entire class to a nightclub . 
  i do n't know what he told the bouncers but a lot of us were still 17 . 
  kinda shady . 
  but awesome . 
  i 'm serious about this shit , read my username . 
  also , i know . 
  dude do n't talk about kicking someone in the sack like that . 
  i 'm hoping for the last . 
  so hoping for the last . 
  if we ca n't find the guys that shot down mh17 , this guy will do nicely . 
  ... when it suits him . 
  that 's all the pretext we need to assert our rightful claim to their flemish clay . 
  those were the days man ... women had like zero influence on my actions back then . 
  since i turned 14 all i 've been doing is following my dong around . 
  do all the research you like , just watch out for zhe germans that come visiting over the border , 
  talking about hard alcohol , you should try some old-recipe dutch jenever if you ever get a chance . 
  new-recipe jenever like ketel1 tastes more like vodca , but the old recipe is something completely different and quite delicious . 
  heineken tastes the same all around the world , which is part of the reason it 's so successful . 
  it 's not the best beer around , but it gets you drunk and you always know what to expect when buying it . 
  i live in the center of a dutch town , about ten meters from not one but two cafes specialized in belgian beers . 
  one of them charges half-prize on sunday evenings , which is a perfect excuse to enjoy the best things belgium has to offer . 
  life is good . 
  got ta have a steady supply of belgian beer anyways . 
  plus flemish accents are sexy . 
  not anymore , that 's the joke . 
  yeah , try . 
  i never see any belgian cars on any dutch roads , no matter where i am . 
  we do n't just drive you guys off the road , we make you disappear , all sneaky like . 
  it all boils down to education , it 's the uniting factor in all those issues . 
  if the european union starts supporting schools throughout these countries ( more than we already do ) without their respective governments intervening , we can propagandise the new generation to be more in favor of european ideals , and perhaps change their countries accordingly . 
  this is a very simplistic view , i realize that . 
  ... well if africa would stop producing more people than it can support , europe would n't need to be a dick in immigration policy . 
  i value all human life the same but that is just conmon sense . 
  it 's actually the only non-rigged statistic out there . 
  actually , you rank on top in the statistic of countries that are good at rigging statistics !, 
  both koreas are actually brothers from the same father . 
  it 's just that the father only rewards good behavior , and while best korea is burning ants the other one is studying to be a doctor and enrolled in university at 13 . 
  as a center-left genderqueer jew-muslim-feminist atheist social justice warrior trapped inside the body of a wolf trapped inside the body of a center-right holocaust apologist i feel extremely triggered . 
  wait what are we talking about ? 
  ca n't russia 's veto be overruled by a majority vote ? 
  it worked in house of cards !, 
  dude , pretending to be allah is extremely triggering to me . 
  i 'm on the verge of exploding right now . 
  literally about to blow up . 
  and they probably only watch turkish state television at home . 
  or regular turkish media , but that 's basically the same thing by this point . 
  he gets shot in front of the bellfort , then runs past city hall , across the bridge , through the fish market ( the columns ! ), 
  and disappears in the streets of bruges . 
  he does n't run past the view after he 's shot , although there is a scene where they stand there . 
  i made a small map for you : http://i.imgur.com/aiezarj.png point a is where he gets shot , point b is where he runs off , point c is the view from the photo . 
  why do you think i went to bruges in the first place ? 
   sucks being ~ ~ one of the most densely populated areas in europe ~ ~ belgium . 
  the belgian one is n't a village , it 's a town called bruges . 
  that spot is definitely the most photographed part of it too . 
  i was recently there , had a great time !, 
  always those damn vegans ruining it for the rest of us !, 
  yeah , but it then it would n't matter anymore , obviously . 
  you can spot them easily . 
  they have a mustache , baret , striped shirt , and carry a baguette under their armpit . 
  their corrupt regimes would eventually collapse . 
  the ensuing power vacuum would probably cause a civil war of some sort . 
  that 's actually a way stronger point than the other guy made . 
  still though , we 're both not responsible for the past of our nations . 
  how about the 20 million human lives that were sacrified by the soviet leadership to destroy nazi germany ? 
  does that count for nothing then ? 
  dude , neither of us was involved with the marshall plan , liberating europe from the nazis , any colonial wars , the cold war , vietnam , slavery , nothing . 
  i get that you feel you 're standing up for your country , but we 're both just 20-something year olds arguing on a nearly anonimous internet forum . 
  being proud of the achievements of your country and being ashamed of its shortcomings is fine , but you personally did n't contribute jack shit . 
  that being said , the war in iraq and the rise of isis was definitely a result of american foreign policy , europe just trailed along because we are basically america 's lap dog by this point and `` muh 9/11 '' . 
   european powers did worse . 
  well yeah , but so did japan , the ottomans , ghengis khan , basically every tribal ruler in africa , the mayas , macedon , the egyptians ... every nation in the world at some point . 
  let 's just focus on the past 70 years or so . 
   `` but what about the indonesian independence war from 1946-1949 ? '', 
  eeehhmr ... let 's focus on the past 60 years or so . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_authoritarian_regimes_supported_by_the_united_states aahahahhhaha, 
  in general i feel that people have no problem with those of another religion or skin-color , as long as they act , behave and speak just like the rest of us . 
  if you speak dutch or at least try to , have a job or at least do something useful with your time , or something you 're passionate about , and if you do n't go around being an asshole or a general nuisance , people will generally welcome you with open arms .
