  there 's too many of you is the problem . 
  ever been to a camping with french people ? 
  i was when we played the world cup against spain . 
  all those frenchies wanted spain to win and were cheering them on , outnumbering the dutch on the camping by like four to one . 
  and that is without counting the actual spanish supporters . 
  since that day i 've lost a lot of goodwill for the french . 
  but hey , they have nice food and wine . 
  well obviously we did n't want argentina to win , they beat us in the semi-finals . 
  after that the next best thing was germany , and we both like beer , so we 've got some common ground there . 
  after all we were once pretty close to being germans ourselves . 
  every year when the `` groot dictee der nederlandse taal '' ( great spelling test of the dutch language ) is on tv it 's always one of those sneaky flemish that strip us of our first price . 
  i regularly travel from almere to enschede , and i have the choice between travelling through hilversum or zwolle . 
  both routes take about the same time , but only the train between hilversum and enschede ( the schiphol route ) has free wi-fi . 
  almere apparently just is n't important enough to deserve wi-fi on its train routes . 
  netherfog is superior to britfog . 
  i actually fully support the current monarchy . 
  willem alexander makes a good king , kind of like a father of the country . 
  minister-presidents will come and go , but he will be a stable factor and a good diplomatic asset for visits to or from other countries . 
  also we get to celebrate koningsdag . 
  we only got a pass on that because we were ( and still are ) part of the allies . 
  history is written by the victors , and if you 're the loser then every bad thing you do will be under scrutiny , while it 's hardly mentioned if you 're part of the winning team . 
  that 's international geopolitics in a nutshell . 
  no , that money was lost after the sack of antwerp . 
  the netherlands provided a safe haven for many refugees , rich and poor , from countries all over europe . 
  the dwindling in trade only happened after increasingly mercantilism policies from england and france forced merchants to only buy goods from their respective countries , eliminating the amsterdam trade hub from the international commercial picture . 
  that 's probably why she 's the leader of the austrian civilization in civ v. 
  dude , we 're still leading the charts in almost every comparison between countries . 
  we 're officially one of the best countries in the world , we just do n't have a lot of territory or population :p, 
  funny that you say that , you never won a world war . 
  the dutch golden age lasted from about 1602 ( when the voc , or united east-inda company was founded ) until about 1700 , when the power of the rupublic started to dwindle . 
  in these golden times , dutch trade , science , military , and art were among the most acclaimed in the world . 
  we replaced the spanish and portugese as the most prominent trading power in the east indies , beat the british navy on several occasions , founded the first stock market in the world , and secured our independence from the king of spain . 
  also we captured the spanish silver fleet , of which songs are still being sung today . 
  notable is 1672 , a year in which the republic of the united netherlands was invaded from all sides and barely survived . 
  malaysia airlines is n't doing too hot either . 
  member of the european union , united nations , nato , and officially recognized by every country on earth  being a province . 
  most dutch people were taught english in school , and if you ask directions in english anywhere there will always be someone willing to help you . 
  most people have an extensive vocabulary and almost all movies are subtitled instead of dubbed , which probably helps . 
  now that i 'm in college i do many courses completely in english . 
  in highschool i had a bilingual education though so my view may be biased . 
  and both countries love drinking and shouting whilst drunk . 
  when we enslave you we 'll tell you allll about it . 
  shut it , you 're not even a country . 
  also we 're the only other country in the world that commonly uses a bike to get around . 
  i always thought that my mind just made that up due to some superiority complex , but apparently i 'm not alone in this . 
  all of flanders seems so ... 
  i do n't know , gray ? 
  when comparing highways at least . 
  exactly . 
  it 's like the bodies were not treated with respect before , and now that we finally have a chance to give them a final farewell , we all just want to do it right and with dignity . 
  maybe there is a god after all ... 
  poland can into blaze, 
  that explains how long it took you to form a government after the last elections ... * `` dear mother , * * it has been 145 days without a government now and we 're nearly running out of food . 
  these people simply wo n't let us leave parliament until we reach a concession , and we all know that wo n't happen . 
  give dad my best wishes , and please send more beer . 
  * * love , * * your elio '' *, 
  well , they 're both belgian and french . 
  how many reasons to kill someone do you need ? 
  oh yeah , nevermind then , that sounds much better . 
  the americans will just sell it to their police forces , and i do n't want that to happen here . 
  unwanted weapons should obviously just be destroyed . 
  something i 'm fine with , by the way . 
  if some country gets it into their heads that it 's okay to come here and take away muh freedums i 'll cut off their balls and cook their babies in the blood of their mothers . 
  or something a little less drastic , like joining the army . 
  myeah i guess it does . 
  but did the flemish ever have an empire ? 
  sail the globe ? 
  found colonies ? 
  suppress natives ? 
  ... yeah that one time in congo , but you were a little late to the party . 
  yes it did , and you have only yourselves ( read , the flemish catholic nobles of that time ) to thank for that . 
  they could have joined the protestant uprising but decided to side with the spanish king and the inquisition , which had the 80 years war as a result . 
  my dad had to do military service when he was my age , but that has since been abolished . 
  having a professional volunteer army is simply much more efficient in today 's world . 
  all my dad had to do was sit in a communications center in some army base . 
  he was bored as shit , because he was always watching the coms for signs of war , and it obviously never broke out . 
  he did get to shoot an uzi once though , so there 's that . 
  or how it was basically a necessity in order not to be conquered by either the spanish or the dutch in that region . 
  i 'm not necessarily pro-israel , so having half the information coming from the other side ( you know , the indigenous people of the region that are constant victims of blockade and land grabbing ) does n't seem bad to me . 
  the dutch nos network seems pretty unbiased to me . 
  i enjoy watching their broadcasts as they do n't sensationalize stuff like `` hart van nederland '' ( ~ heart of the netherlands , populist bullshit , it 's like dutch foxnews ) or rtl-news does . 
  i 'm a little ashamed of geenstijl , all they do is harass politicians and make fun of foreigners . 
  very interesting idea !, 
  but who would bring forward issues that need to be adressed , and offer a solution to them ? 
  politicians do precisely that , representing a group of people with similar mindsets or interests and offer them a united voice against people with other opinions . 
  this system that you 're proposing is basically that of a ruling elite making all the important decisions , and ( newsflash ) that * has basically been the central pillar of human society for thirty thousand years * . 
  fair point . 
  but how do we keep the masses informed , and by that i mean informed about all aspects of my particular political opinions ? 
  wait your government drags you to the voting office even if you do n't care ? 
  good . 
  they should introduce that here . 
  political apatheticness is a serious problem and i guess this is a good way to solve that . 
  not for all elections though . 
  a few months ago we had elections for the regional water board ... 
  the institutions that build dykes and stuff . 
  like , what are we supposed to vote for , more dykes ? 
  or should i just be like : * `` yeah , fuck the dykes . 
  i 'm against strengthening this wall here . 
  and fuck that village . 
  it can flood for all i care .
