  it does n't function exactly the same , no , but it is our counterpart . 
  i went the international baccalaureate diploma programme and had classes in : swedish english mathematics chemistry geography spanish theory of knowledge but that 's not the standard education in sweden , and it 's not very common . 
  speaking of flairs , why does iraq have the pre-2008 flag ? 
  this subreddit had n't even been crated when iraq adopted their current one . 
  and why does `` saudia arabia '' have the flag of the arab league , and not their own ? 
  also , why is guinea called ` new guinea ' ? 
  guinea is a country in west africa , new guinea is an island north of australia . 
  no , coins are heavy , baggage weight limit is low . 
  i spent as many coins as i could on gifts before i moved back from spain , the rest ( almost exclusively 1 cents ) i left to my roommate . 
  edit : that was a lie . 
  i just found 3 spanish 5 cents on my desk . 
  uhh ... no . 
  ca n't say i was . 
  i was 3 . 
  we went to denmark . 
  visited legoland and walked along the `` exotic '' shores . 
  op , are you me ? 
  he resigned from being commissioner like ten years ago and was released two years ago , or something . 
  but , yeah , forgot about him . 
  lovely fellow . 
  ca n't speak for german , but in swedish f\u00f6rrf\u00f6rrg\u00e5r ( the day before the day before yesterday ) is n't too uncommon . 
  \u00d6ver\u00f6vermorgon is probably not as common , mostly children use it , but it does exist . 
  you wo n't find them in a dictionary since they 're recursive compounds , and therefore unnecessary to put in . 
  actually , compounds in general are less likely to appear in the dictionary . 
  but they are most definitely ` normal ' terms . 
  man , i was gon na post about [ this lovely man ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tore_hedin ) , but then you said the past 10 years ... 
  i do n't really think we have that many scandals to speak of . 
  normally when you see claims of a `` polisskandal !, 
  '' , it 's because someone broke the law and wants to blame `` the system '' since they do n't agree with said law . 
  other than that ... well , our current national police commissioner is buffoon and occasionally appears on the news making some idiotic statement again . 
  and the police has received some criticism for allegedly obscuring details about crimes committed by non-ethnic swedes . 
  whether that 's true or not , i do not know . 
  most of the evidence i 've seen about it , comes from the policy of not doing profiling and releasing information to the public before a verdict . 
  but , i do n't know . 
  maybe i 'm ignorant but i think our police are doing okay . 
  just because the rules are rigid does n't mean it easy to learn how to use them in practice . 
  learning the genders are however much like studying a vocab homework . 
  it 's a lot more difficult for me to use the subjunctive mood in spanish , then it is to memorize whether a word is el or la. 
  despite the fact that the subjunctive rules are fairly rigid , while the gender rules are pretty loose . 
  yes and no . 
  linguistically a compound is a single lexeme originating from two or more stems . 
  which since english generally have spaces separating them , they 're not single lexemes . 
  but , yes , some argue they are to be considered compounds , as it is indeed just a spelling convention , and spoken they act just like it . 
  i can kind of understand that reasoning , but they 're generally not considered compounds if there is a space . 
  but ... that was n't point of my comment anyway , i was merely responding to the `` german with its 2-meters-long words '' . 
  which , i think we can agree , english does n't have as much of . 
  there are compound words , like `` toothpaste '' , but you 'll have to look real hard to find super long words . 
   norwegian , danish , dutch and french are the only real contenders afaik . 
   obviously learning an entirely different langauge is never going to be easy , it 's all relative . 
  of course , not disagreeing with that . 
  i never said it was n't possibly among the easier languages to learn . 
  it 's just that to me the phrasing `` other than the last thing ... '' makes it seem as if that 's the only difficult thing , when i 'm not even sure it 's the most difficult thing . 
  -- also , sometimes completely different languages can be easier to learn than the fairly similar ones . 
  if that makes any sense . 
  take danish or norwegian for example . 
  they 're pretty easy for us swedes to learn , no ? 
  but because of what we 're used to , we may instinctively mess up the differences that do exist . 
  you might naturally say `` det gr\u00f8nne hus * et * '' , because that 's how it would be en swedish . 
  but that 's not how it works in danish , it should be `` det gr\u00f8nne hus '' , which , at least to me , sounds a bit off . 
   it 's pretty pointless in the end because almost everyone says `` dom '' in both cases depends on the dialect . 
  they 're not pronounced the same where i live . 
   `` en '' and `` ett '' pro-tip for anyone learning swedish : when in doubt use the common gender `` en '' . 
  about 75 % of the words belong to that one , so the likelihood of being correct is greater !, 
    other than the last thing i think swedish is an easy language if you already know english . 
  yes and no . 
  it 's similar and certainly * easier * than a lot of other languages , yes , but not necessarily that easy . 
  there are also many other things that can be difficult . 
  for example : - using a suffix rather than article to determine definiteness . 
  - the pitch accent . 
  anden ( the duck ) and anden ( the spirit ) , have different pitch when spoken . 
  - switching to the v2 word order after prepositions . 
  - pronunciation is in general pretty different . 
  - the fact that we 're a bit too happy with switching to english . 
  making it difficult for foreigners to get exposure to swedish . 
  pretty much all germanic languages use compound words , except english . 
  a lot of other languages also do too , from chinese to finnish . 
  i mean , `` kisse '' means cat here and is n't too far off . 
  actually , it is `` kissa '' in some dialects ... 
  yeah , i just checked . 
  apparently we have a few here ( who knew ? ) . 
  all the ones i 've been able to find here are under contract with the county council , and receive the same tax-funded subsidies and all take in referrals from the public ones . 
  so i do n't know what real difference they have . 
  apparently there are private healthcare providers in the country not under contract , but i ca n't find any in my hometown , and i do n't know how that works . 
  swedish smallish-towner here . 
  healthcare is n't free , but it 's heavily subsidized and people often call it free , so i 'm taking the liberty to post anyway . 
  a visit to a general practitioner costs 150 sek ( $ 17.50 / 15.70 $ ) , i 've never in my life had to wait more than a day for one . 
  seeing a specialist is 300 sek ( just double the last one ) , but if you 're there on a referral from the general practitioner you only pay the difference ( 150 sek ) . 
  waiting times vary depending on the specialist , but they have never been too bad in my experience . 
  there 's also a high-cost protection in place . 
  so , in a twelve month period , you 'll never have to spend more than 1100 sek ( $ 128 / 115 $ ) for visits , and never more than 2200 sek ( double ... ) on medicine . 
  then there are exemptions from payment . 
  if you 're suspecting something contagious , is enlisted or in jail , healthcare 's free . 
  do n't know of an private facilities here , so ... no ? 
  do n't think people would opt for it even if we had them . 
  why you got ta be mean , scandibro ? 
  you know , we eat fika like everyday in sweden and you really ca n't enjoy it without some kaka ... on another note , `` va fan '' is pretty much `` what the hell '' in swedish . 
  so when i first heard someone say `` vaffanculo '' i thought it was a swedish dude adding some a spanish slur ( i was in spain at the time ) , and `` what the fuck , asshole ? '', 
  was very much appropriate in context . 
  he did n't understand me when i started speaking swedish though ... 
   kaka reminds the word `` poop '' yeah i know , that 's why i thought it was what you had thought of .
