  that 's 62 years before someone threw your pesky one at valdemar ii !, 
   legends aside , there 's actually no conclusive proof that the swedish flag is copied from the dannebrog . 
  none of the early depictions of the dannebrog show any offsetting of the vertical bar , they 're all symmetrical . 
  what it does show is that the danish flag was with all likelihood a straight copy of the knights hospitaller 's flag , or the hre 's reichsfahne . 
  but , no one can pin point when , and by whom , the first made a ` nordic cross ' . 
  it was probably denmark , * but it 's not certain . 
  *  and , talking about copying , when will your royals stop putting * our three crowns * on the coat of arms , eh ? 
  yup . 
  the curriculum included reading about `` all '' variations of english , everything from singapore english to jamaican patois . 
  some were obviously paid less attention to than others , but scottish english and scots were both of the more in-depth variety . 
  and who 's a better author/poet than burns for those ? 
  i think our teacher had a soft spot for him too , because we had his works for the comprehensive literary analyses as well . 
  --  yeah , i really think gaelic should be taught more . 
  even if only a small percentage of the population speak it , it 's still an important part of our culture and heritage . 
  but i do n't think there is much interest in learning it . 
  i feel the same about languages in sweden . 
  we have 5 ( +1 * ish * ) official minority languages , and not one is available for study in a regular school . 
  i do n't think there 's much interest in learning them , but i really do n't buy into that argument . 
  there is n't much interest in learning about kirchhoff 's circuit laws either , nor are they ever going to be useful for the vast majority , but we still do . 
  i would rather have filled my brain with a language i rarely use , than a whole bunch of these other things i never use . 
  that being said i do n't believe everything `` not useful for everybody '' should be removed from the curriculum . 
  but i feel that languages are n't given enough attention because `` why bother ? 
  it 's useless . 
  everyone speaks english anyway '' . 
  i think languages , no matter how small , are important . 
  anyway , rant over . 
  yeah , because redditing requires * so * much of literary analysis ... 
  i figured as much about the gaelic . 
  it 's really only spoken to any significant extent on those western isles , is n't it ? 
  i guess i figured the fundamentals could 've still been taught . 
  then again , it 's not like we learn any sami language here . 
  good old rabbie burns !, 
  we analyzed his poems in when reading about scots and scottish english literature . 
  i think the poems we studied were * ae fond kiss * , * auld lang syne * and * a man 's a man for a ' that * ( sorry if i butchered the names ) . 
  yeah , i know that scots is n't really a language to be taught in the same way . 
  in some ways scots is to english what norwegian is to swedish , maybe slightly more similar . 
  sorry about the hastily written wall of text . 
  i am not a very succinct individual and this is unnecessarily long ... again . 
  do n't have time to shorten it right now . 
  so , anyway ... --  we have to study a foreign language until we are around 14 we have english from year 3 until the end of the * gymnasium * ( upper secondary school ) , minimum . 
  some schools start earlier . 
  my first school taught horrendous english , if i had n't switched who knows how i would 've sounded today . 
  our teacher referred to ` polar bear ' as `` ice beer '' etc. 
  and a third and fourth language education year 7-9 , and depending on the programme , through the gymnasium as well . 
  doing the fourth language is voluntary . 
  most probably do n't . 
  i did it , and that education was pretty ... shit . 
  all i can say in german is about what you describe : ` my name is ... ' etc. 
  the third language education was * way * better . 
  in addition , the curriculum for swedish includes the `` nordic languages '' . 
  so you 're expected to at least be able to understand simple norwegian and danish , and have some rudimentary ideas of icelandic . 
  that part of the curriculum has however decreased in significance over the years , which i personally think is pretty sad . 
  i think language education is important . 
  so , do you guys learn any scots or scottish gaelic at all ? 
  --  what made you want to study english to such a high level ? 
  tl ; dr : because i liked it , i guess . 
  i do n't know how much you know about the ib curriculum . 
  but essentially you 've got [ 6 elective groups ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tljrgl9.png ) ( plus a core everyone does ) . 
  3 of the groups you study at standard level ( sl ) , and 3 higher level ( hl ) . 
  the group 1 language has to be native level ( a/a1 ) . 
  group 2 can be on a native , `` near-native '' , `` secondary '' - , or beginner level ( a1 | a2 | b | * ab initio * ) . 
  secondary level meaning 2-3 years experience , able to hold simple conversations . 
  i mostly went with native level english because i liked the subject , found it interesting , and found english b way too easy ( my school did n't offer a2-level ) . 
  and with a dream of emigrating and eventually doctoring from oxbridge , ivy or stanford , i figured it would n't hurt . 
  also , a ( more devious ) reason was that i figured if i took english for group 1 , i could just cruise through with swedish as a second language . 
  my coordinator refused to sign off on that , for * some * reason ...  as for hl vs sl : process of elimination i guess . 
  english was fun and not too difficult , while i absolutely hated swedish and disliked the social sciences . 
  the issue was that unlike certain other classes that accumulated steadily in a linear fashion , english was much more exponential . 
  it started off nice and slow , but already at the beginning of the second semester most of my free time was spent reading , analyzing , rereading , and overanalyzing the novels for english class over and over again . 
  and it just got worse ...  i do n't regret it though . 
  very valuable class . 
  if i would regret something it 'd be going the ib in the first place , that was misguided on my part . 
  hold that excitement until you hear what type of kaka there will be . 
  a good fika is ruined without the right kaka ... 
  that is also a possibility . 
  or both . 
  it 's not by `` some guy from the guardian '' . 
  it 's an opinion column by jallow momodou , a swede known for stirring up shit and lying his teeth out to push an agenda . 
  also , it 's filled with inaccuracies and biased to hell , per his standard . 
  one example : sweden did not abolish the slave trade in 1847 , it was abolished in 1813 . 
  the last slaves were successfully paid free by the state in 1847 . 
  but i doubt facts matter to you anyway . 
  you 've clearly never been here . 
   succ\u00e5ssf\u00f6l that would n't be pronounced even close to right . 
  the e could be an ' \u00e4 ' , but not ' \u00e5 ' . 
  and the first u is closer to an ' \u00f6 ' than the last . 
  * s\u00f6cks\u00e4ssfull * would be a better exaggerated swedification . 
   changing away from their model ( such as this one ) i ca n't access the article , so this is only relevant if it 's about what the headline says , but this mandate is the fist time the greens have had any part of government . 
  diminished support for them has little to do with sweden straying from its model . 
  they greens are , and have always been , a fairly populistic party whose opinions have swayed to capture votes . 
  so i think their diminished support could also stem from a reality check from some of the electorate , in addition to their scandals with politicians who refuse to shake women 's hands etc. 
  little to do with changing away from the model . 
  that said , the political scene has , like europe in general , been changing with increased support to the right . 
  but ( in my personal opinion ) i think the emergence of sd is a false friend for this . 
  honestly , i believe most of their base comes from voters who are fed up with the seven other parties , and how ridiculously biased our media is against the sd . 
  so they vote against `` the system '' . 
   i find it funny that on reddit , sweden is either considered an egalitarian , progressive utopia or a rape-filled islamist hellhole . 
  unfortunately this is n't just on reddit . 
  i was in the us awhile ago , and met people who genuinely believed either or . 
  truth is we 're neither .
