  we 're no utopia , we have our issues like any country . 
  but anyone who claims sweden is an islamist hellhole , sure is disconnected from reality . 
  and ca n't possibly have ever been here . 
   norwegian is really only spoken in norway , although i believe swedes and to a lesser degree danes get some norwegian on their broadcasting channels . 
  not much honestly . 
  we 've got skavlan who , let 's face it , more often than not speaks svorsk . 
  i think ylvis was on some channel for a bit . 
  but , i do n't know , it 's not much anyhow . 
  we 've got more danish programming , but that too is almost non-existent . 
   it seems that the english-speaking world is unusually connected . 
  there 's absolutely nothing strange about an american who only watches british shows , an australian who visits american news sites , etc. 
  overall , there 's very little we do n't share with each other . 
  there 's absolutely nothing strange about a swede doing those things either . 
  heck , most of our programming is american or british of origin . 
  i 've seen some canadian and aussie shows on the telly as well . 
  there 's very little you do n't share with us either . 
  now , the same might not be true in the other direction ... 
   swedes would have more power than the others because of their population being larger , and that would cause problems . 
  i personally believe some clever person would find a solution to this problem though ... democratically there really is n't . 
  either all votes are equal , in which case sweden has more , or they 're weighted , in which case a swede 's vote will be worth less . 
  but that is if you group by nationality , which often is n't warranted . 
  just looking at myself i agree more with copenhagen than stockholm on * a lot * of issues , but i 'd still fall under the category of `` swedish '' . 
  we are after all culturally similar . 
  tl ; dr : no need to read this , i derailed again ... 
  thank you for the compliment . 
   -- why thank you !, 
   but ... well , i studied english a hl of the international baccalaureate ( higher level english for native speakers ) . 
  the same english education an ib student in britain would get if they chose higher level . 
  few people here go the ib , even fewer choose english a ( rather than b ) , and fewer still are stupid enough to decide on doing it higher level ... 
  but , when i make mistakes it 's most likely because of temporary brain malfunction or typos etc. , not lack of knowledge . 
  honestly , i make more mistakes in swedish than english . 
  but , yeah , our english is pretty good in general . 
  it 's a combination of things . 
  primary school 's compulsory ( year 1-9 ) , and english ( along with maths and swedish ) is a `` core subject '' you * must * pass to graduate . 
  and while year 9 english wo n't make you a linguist , it sure will be good enough for a conversation . 
  in addition , we 're a `` sub-not-dub '' culture . 
  and with the exception of cartoons specifically targeting young children , we do not voice-dub media . 
  which exposes us to more english than certain countries . 
  the same is true for all of scandinavia really . 
  also , internet penetration is * strong * here ( [ sort by percentage and count scandinavian crosses ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_number_of_internet_users ) ) , while we 're not populous enough to have a well-developed `` national internet-culture '' , so we end up browsing the english-speaking web . 
  but , we [ too ] ( https://youtu.be/uaszbm1cp5k?t=4s ) have [ people ] ( https://youtu.be/rt6cu_igf-4?t=4s ) who might not speak english as `` flawlessly '' . 
  mostly among the older generation though , but still . 
  i think some of that prejudice has to do with confirmation bias and availability heuristic . 
  i 've been googling to find them , but all i can find now is [ this ] ( http://www.norden.org/en/news-and-events/news/surprisingly-strong-support-for-united-nordic-federation ) , which does n't have the specific numbers of the result , nor is it what i remember . 
  the question is n't entirely right , it seems to more about cooperation than federation . 
  i read it in a magazine on the topic . 
  i 'm fairly certain their source was oxford research too , on mission from the nordic council . 
  and sifo . 
  but i ca n't find it now . 
  until i do i 'll edit my original comment , so it is n't disingenuous . 
  i 'm sorry , but i 'll try to find it . 
  i too would love it . 
  but ... as much as i would like to say yes , i 'm not sure it 'd work too well . 
  i 'm afraid the population difference would create a democratically skewed power structure either one way or the other . 
  we 've got three countries of about 5,5 mi . 
  people , one with almost twice of that and one with only a fraction . 
  either iceland gets no power , or swedes get little power per capita . 
  then there 's the issue of eu . 
  icelands only been toying with the idea , and the general populace of norway is still quite against it . 
  all while the other three are in general quite content with it . 
  also political system , three kindoms and two republics . 
  what do we go with ? 
  where would the capital ( s ) be ? 
  and policies . 
  we would dislike danish car taxes , danes would loathe an alcohol monopoly etc. 
  also , quite a few people are fairly nationalistic and would despise `` losing '' their sovereignty . 
  it 's only 72 years since iceland truly became independent from just denmark , about 100 years since finland gained their own sovereignty and 110 years since norway broke out of the union with sweden . 
  i personally would like it , but i 'm not sure how realistic it is . 
   a shame so many of our artists writes in english imo . 
  actually , i agree . 
  it is unfortunate . 
  i think that 's part of my problem with them , is that it feels a bit ... uncanny ? 
  since i 'm not used to it . 
  but i also find the general quality of swedish lyrics worse , but that may just be because i 'm pickier compared to english . 
  some musicians do write great lyrics in swedish , but in my experience they 're in the minority . 
   i 've watched scandinavian comedy once do you remember what it was called , or about ? 
   `` l\u00e5t den r\u00e4tte komma in '' is one of the best movies i 've watched . 
  been thinking of watching that one as i 've heard some great reviews , but i do n't know , have n't gotten around to it yet . 
  not a big fan of swedish cinema , tv or such . 
  i do think we 've had some great music . 
  and ... some abhorrent . 
  i tend to find lyrics in swedish a bit off-putting , for whatever reason , and prefer them to be in english . 
  but there are some exceptions . 
  well yeah , you would n't just make assumptions . 
  if you know they 're british but not from which country , of course you refer to them as such . 
  but i would n't make assumptions of them being british if i did n't know that either . 
  and i would never include the irish under that umbrella ... 
  i interpreted your comment as saying `` we refer to all of them as british , so we do n't have to differentiate incase we ever ca n't tell the difference '' or something . 
  the  but even then , i think we like to distinguish between the different countries and nationalities on the british isles if we are able to . 
  -- part was n't there when i wrote my reply . 
  you must 've edited it in after i 'd started replying . 
  yeah , that first part is what i meant . 
  but , in general , i find wales being referred to more of a region of england , unlike scotland which is always recognized by itself . 
  if someone goes to england and wales , they 'll probably just say they 're going to england . 
  and if they go to scotland , england and wales , they 'll say they 're visiting `` scotland and england '' , wales is kind of lumped together with england . 
  unless you 're specifically going to just wales . 
  --  but when talking about the people it 's much more common to just bunch you all up as `` brits '' , since a lot of us ca n't really tell the difference when meeting you . 
  probably even the irish , sorry . 
  not sure about that though , at least not where i 'm from . 
  in general i think people refer to scottish , english and irish individually .
