  i often did the opposite of that . 
  in the middle of summer when most people wore t-shirts , i had to resort to wearing long sleeves because apparently spf 130 + + was n't high enough for scandiskin \u2122 . 
  well , we 're the least sunny and second rainiest town in sweden ... 
  but , yeah , i 'm satisfied with it . 
  my skin does n't like sunlight anyway . 
  the summers are warm enough , and winters pretty mild . 
  but we still get some snow in jan-feb . actually , year around it 's pretty mild , which to me is n't an issue at all . 
  i used to live in spain and malta , and despite avoiding the sun like the plague , those july/augusts wrecked me . 
  here that 's little issue . 
  ^ ( edit : spelling ), 
  as i said , i do n't fully trust the accuracy of that list , as the numbers do n't add up to others i 've seen , and i ca n't verify its data as it seems to be behind a paywall . 
  we used to have some low-lactose milk ( which was uht ) available , and it may still exist to some smaller extent . 
  but in the past 10 years or so that has been almost entirely replaced by the ` lactose-free milk ^ ^ drink ' , which supposedly tastes more like real milk and is n't uht . 
  yup , it is . 
  it 's an old idiomatic expression . 
  literally : `` to shit in the blue cupboard/locker/cabinet '' . 
  it means ` to make a fool out of oneself ' , or ` to go to far ' . 
  and now i 'm imagining 3000 vikings traveling by ferry rather than 30 in a longship . 
  that 'd be a sight to see . 
  i 'm not saying you did anything wrong !, 
  please do n't take it as such . 
  it can be due to bad storage during transport , in the store , or anywhere along the line really . 
  putting it in a fridge halts the enzymes and prevents it from becoming worse , but once the fish has been broken down to any extent , it ca n't `` heal '' back up . 
  surstr\u00f6mming does n't really go bad , definitely not in two months . 
  it can last years if refrigerated . 
  they also have some of it in commercial food production , it should n't be 0 % . 
  for example store bought chocolate milk and such is often uht . 
  one thing is that arla ( big dairy brand ) has had a lot of their processing facilities handling such milk in sweden . 
  meaning it shows up on our statistics , even though the end product is sold in denmark . 
  we really have the same mentality in regards to that * thing * some people call `` milk '' ... :p, 
  no no , it 's used in other parts of europe . 
  but not as much in the dairy heaviest cultures , to us it 's blasphemous . 
  here 's a [ list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ultra-high-temperature_processing#worldwide_use ) of it 's usage by percentage . 
  i 'm not sure the data or methodology is accurate as the numbers i 've seen from swedish inquiries have never put us above 2 % , whereas this puts us at 5,5 % . 
  no matter what it gives you a general idea , just do n't put too much faith in the specific numbers . 
  uht is virtually non-existent in sweden . 
  the only place you may be able to find some are in large commercial kitchens , where they use it for the sake of convenience . 
  at home it 's only non-uht . 
  seems to happen to us as well . 
  must be something about ferries on the `` east sea '' . 
  does n't seem to happen as much to ` baltic sea ' or ` west sea ' passengers . 
  the same way it goes into a coke can opened underwater . 
  comparing it to regular pickled herring was a hyperbole on my part . 
  but as i said in another comment , i suppose it does n't have too big of an effect if you do it quickly enough and lift it out immediately after puncture . 
  some do n't do that , that 's when it 's becomes an issue . 
  you know you 've truly shit in the blue locker when you receive a patented grandpa head shake . 
  ^ ^ but ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ still ^ ^ wrong !, 
  ^ ^  ( and i do n't think that shitting idiom translates very well ... ), 
  my grandma , who moved here from \u00d6-vik , got offended by the mere idea of doing that . 
  but that 's no evidence of what 's correct . 
  so when i first saw that recommendation i actually checked with every single swedish manufacturer and a handful of surstr\u00f6mming experts ' recommendations , and not one even mentions submerging it as an alternative , some actively opposed it . 
  the largest brand here , r\u00f6da ulven , [ recommends ] ( http://www.salteriet.se/recept-tips/oppna-rensa/ ) the tilt technique for example . 
  but my grandma probably turned me into a surstr\u00f6mming opening elitist . 
  it probably does n't have too big effect if you do it quickly and take it out immediately after puncture . 
  but it is just as easy and effective to tilt it . 
  if you have a lot of grey gunk inside , it 's probably been improperly stored . 
  that 's typical for surstr\u00f6mming that has n't been properly refrigerated , as the enzymes start breaking down the fish/filets then . 
  regular surstr\u00f6mming does not have that . 
  edit : spelling, 
   you 're supposed to open it underwater no , you should not . 
  never . 
  i do n't know a single surstr\u00f6mming manufacturer recommending that . 
  rather , you tilt the can to prevent spray , submerging it in water dilutes the content and you might as well buy regular pickled herring . 
  the fermentation process continues for a while inside the can , which means gasses build up which increase the pressure on the inside . 
  what this means is that when you puncture the can , it depressurizes and which may cause some spray of smelly droplets going pretty far . 
  that 's why you normally open it away from the table . 
  to prevent this spray what you can do is tilt the can 45 \u00b0 and tap it lightly on on the ground/table . 
  then you puncture at the top of the can . 
  tilting it this way causes all the gases to rise to the top , where you 're puncturing , so no liquid can spray out while depressurizing , only gas . 
  after that initial puncture , you can lay it down and open it like normal , pour out some of the juices , and bring it back to the table far less smelly . 
  ( and just to dispel an annoying false rumor i 've seen on some of those videos : you should never , ever open it underwater to prevent spray !, 
  that 'd be like opening a shaken can of coke underwater to prevent spray . 
  sure , there 's no spray , but your coke ends up being diluted ... ) -- you do n't cook it . 
  it 's sushi 's smelly nordic cousin and is eaten raw . 
  preparation differs slightly . 
  the traditional way of eating it in ` h\u00f6ga kusten ' ( where it originated and is most popular ) is by making a sandwich using two pieces of crisp flatbread with potatoes , surstr\u00f6mming and diced onions between them . 
  where i 'm from in the south , the traditional way is to make a burrito-style roll of soft flatbread , filled with those three main ingredients and some diced chives and sour cream . 
  no matter what this is done at the table by yourself , not by some chef . 
  yes . 
  well , some of us do . 
  it 's pretty good . 
  * but * , it 's a dish , not a youtube challenge . 
  you 're meant to eat it with some flatbread , potatoes , onions and some other things . 
  never as it is . 
  that 'd be like eating only hamburger dressing and claiming that hamburgers are disgusting . 
  of course that would n't taste good . 
  it has a fairly salty flavor that complements the other ingredients well . 
  the thing people react towards and gag from is the smell , it does not smell good . 
  at all . 
  but when you 're sitting outside and the pressure of the can has been released , the smell is a non-issue . 
  other things those youtube challenges often get wrong is having improperly stored surstr\u00f6mming . 
  surstr\u00f6mming needs to be refrigerated , otherwise the enzymes starts breaking down the fish and you 're left with a disgusting looking mush . 
  in the video you liked the fish looks alright though . 
  also , it 's fermented . 
  not rotten . 
  there is a slight , but important , difference between those processes . 
  ^ ( edit : spelling fix ), 
  same in sweden . 
  england is the colloquial name , storbritannien ( great britain ) is the proper name . 
  actually you ca n't say `` the uk '' or `` the united kingdom '' in swedish , even if you wanted to .
