  welsh people get screwed over and called english again , and northern irish are grouped with the irish . 
  while if you have a group of both english and scottish people , they 're probably referred to as british though . 
  the irish are always irish . 
   plenty of welsh folk who would not be happy to hear your thoughts oh , man . 
  just to clarify , they 're not my personal thoughts ... 
  i know who you are wales !, 
  i was just trying to paint a basic but concise picture of how the general impressions of the uk are in sweden . 
  did n't mean to offend anyone , but apparently even my [ spelling ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ba5ioza.png ) did ... -- i know . 
  the idea of an independent scotland being allowed into the nordic council is quite supported here too afaik . 
  heck , quite a few of your regional flags even feature the glorious nordic cross . 
   i think there is something a bit tacky supporting the independence of a state you have nothing to do with i agree , but i do think there 's an important distinction to make between potentially being happy some country gains independence , and actively supporting it . 
  the vast vast * vast * majority of `` supporting '' foreigners i know would fall into the first category . 
  and it 's only something to be happy about if said country 's population actually wants to , at least in my book . 
   only the uk and canada have had the guts to give referenda to regions like this probably because most countries does n't have `` regions like those '' with anywhere near the support to warrant such a referendum . 
  of course there are some exceptions like spain etc. 
  but i think it has less to do with guts than it being a giant waste of time and money for most countries . 
   if other countries think it is so sexy they can organise their own plebiscites for their historic regions i mean , we could do that here , we have plenty of historical regions with distinct identities . 
  but ... not one region would get more than 10 % support . 
  not even scania . 
  probably not even 5 % . 
  to generalize ... scotland is scotland . 
  england is england . 
  wales is `` wales , england '' . 
  kind of . 
  northern ireland is northern ireland or `` english ireland '' . 
  the united kingdom is england ( colloquially ) , or great britain ( formally ) . 
  ( we do n't have a term for `` the uk '' ( sorry n.ireland ) ) scotland is often thought of being a bit separate from the rest of the uk . 
  we know it 's part of it , but scotland is ... scotland , not `` scotland , uk '' . 
  as in , scotland is only part of the uk de jure , not de facto . 
  kind of ... * ish * . 
  in my ( entirely anecdotal ) experience scotland probably has a favorable reputation compared to england . 
  with culture and values that seem slightly more aligned with our nordic ones . 
  quite a lot of people would like to see your independence , i think . 
  but i do n't know if brexit changed a lot of opinions really . 
  might have substantiated a few . 
  never . 
   people are carrying their skis and snowboards everywhere really only in alpine areas . 
  snowboards and alpine skiis are pretty useless on flat ground . 
  cross country skiis are quite widespread though . 
  in the middle of nowhere is probably where you 'll find most trails . 
  cross country skiing really is the best mode of ( human-powered ) transportation over snow . 
  snow shoes are clunky , regular shoes makes you very slow or even stuck , sleighs are good but too big etc. 
  and in the cities snow shoveling can be done to a greater extent . 
   are n't swedish and norwegian different languages ? 
  yes . 
  but mostly for political and historical reasons though . 
  in reality peninsular scandinavian act more as a dialect continuum , where one dialect gradients into the next and so on . 
  the languages are similar enough to be understood with just some exposure . 
  people who live on the border with norway , will not infrequently understand norwegian better than the scanian dialect * of swedish * etc. , because it 's similar and they 've had more exposure of it . 
   ` messerschmidt ' is a good word for a know-it-all . 
  * `` it 's actually called besserwisser !, 
  a tv-show from the 80 's , where a dumb character mistook the actual term , ` besserwisser ' , for ` messerschmitt ' . 
  and was promptly corrected by one . 
  normally messerschmitt is used satirically . 
  this is the first time in my life i 've seen someone use it to actually mean know-it-all . 
  but maybe that 's dialectal differences . 
  messerschmitt is not in the dictionary , besserwisser is . 
  -- edit : just to add , the sketch in the show went something along the lines of :  - you 're such a messerschmitt !, 
  - it 's actually called besserwisser . 
  - see ? 
  ah yes , how could i forget the famous swede descartes ? 
  victim of the illusive nationality by death . 
  here are a few : kings : - gustav i ( vasa ) : lead the swedish war of liberation againt christian ii ( a.k.a. 
  the tyrant ) . 
  - gustavus adolphus : founder of sweden as a great power scientists : - anders celsius : astronomer , physicist and mathematician . 
  created his own temperature scale among other things . 
  - carl linnaeus : father of modern taxonomy among other things . 
  also turned celsius ' scale around . 
  invented the dynamite amongst other things . 
  also founded the nobel prize . 
  diplomats : - dag hammarskj\u00f6ld : secretary-general of the united nations . 
  - raoul wallenberg : diplomat and humanitarian , helped jews during wwii . 
  artist and such : - carl michael bellman : songwriter and poet . 
  - august strindberg : bit of a polymath , mostly known for his authorship . 
  sports people : - bj\u00f6rn borg : tennis . 
  he was pretty good . 
  also famous for underwear . 
  - ingemar stenmark : alpine skier , made the hold country stop when he raced . 
  - zlatan ibrahimovi\u0107 : football player . 
  decent at kicking ball , i guess . 
  ... and many more . 
  yup . 
  we have about 65 000 shelters for housing 7 million people . 
  i 'm quite indifferent towards it . 
  in general i find small talk with strangers a waste of everyone 's time regardless of language . 
  but if you quickly switch over to english to say something you ca n't find the words for , my brain does too . 
  and then the conversation will have a high likelihood of staying english . 
  which admittedly is unfortunate if you 're trying to learn swedish and want practice . 
  do n't really know if we have one . 
  maybe * august strindberg * , as his works are typically cited as marking the end of nysvenska ( modern swedish ) and beginning of nusvenska ( contemporary swedish ) . 
  what ? 
  we do n't go there t. . . oh , right . 
  yes . 
  definitely doing that . 
  totally not spying while we wait for the next little ice age to gloriously march across the belts again and claim what 's rightfully ours . 
  we 're `` forgetting systembolaget '' . 
  if i were danish i 'd do my best to forget it too . 
  i certainly could , but ... 
  i only edit wikipedia pages when i have proper sources . 
  and as much as i believe you to be telling the truth , i 'm not sure `` reddit user / u/h2ppyme '' counts as a good reference .
