i do n't understand countries that allow paramilitary organisations to exist . 
  how is that helpfull ? 
  [ proof ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-pyyol9ngte#t=32 ), 
  well nigel farage said he does n't want to have any romanian neighbours . 
  that seems quite xenophobic to me . 
  and do n't even get me started on jobbik . 
  they do n't need many tanks . 
  the javelin can handle any enemy tank , like lets say , for example , a russian t-90 . 
  i know them , they 're the twin daughters of mr. hand !, 
  i do n't know if it made me feel european or not , but when charlie hebdo happened , i felt really sad and angry , because they were targeted for the same ideals which i have . 
  it made me relate with all those people who died because i had the feeling that it could have been me under different circumstances . 
  this is what european means to me , respecting and upholding our values be it charlie hebdo or conchita wurst . 
  even though i do n't really like her ostentatious character , probably many do n't , we have to respect her lifestyle , her freedom , no matter what . 
  that 's europe to me . 
  how will this affect the delta ? 
  bastroe channel would have affected it , but this is from ruse to the sea . 
  however , you are right , bulgaria has to get some approval from romania and the ue , but i 'm not sure how this will affect romania in a negative way . 
  really ? 
  it 's the best thing in the world if it 's coocked correctly . 
  exactly . 
  this may sound weird , but fear might be a good thing when you 're fighting corruption as we , romanians , are . 
  the problem was that , untill now , no high-position politician was arrested . 
  now things have changed , and any politician , or indeed any state-employee has to think twice before commiting a crime , and the fear of going to prison may and should change their mind . 
  dar a fost super fain , un pic de adrenalina nu strica . 
  but , 10/10 would do again . 
  i [ was ] ( http://i60.tinypic.com/25ezqpt.jpg ) at the last match . 
  it was intense to say the least . 
  i got seats right next to the magyar ultras . 
  i watched 2 minutes of the first 30 , all that time i was trying to dodge torches and fire crackers . 
  but yeah , it was fun . 
  i 'm also sorry for everything i chanted during that match . 
  wait ... what ? 
  where , when ? 
  how ? 
  this is n't turbo-folk . 
  i guess [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9f1m6ysgngo ) is closer . 
  this is wonderful . 
  why do n't we have this natioanlistic turbo-folk in romania . 
  i 'm sad ... 
  yes ... that would have been nice . 
  but instead we 've got 50 years of magyarization and after that the complete breakdown of the empire . 
  dacian warhawk , now thats a badass name . 
  we love you anyway . 
  well ... is he right ? 
  i use either garlick sauce , mushroom sauce or , my favourite , hot pepper sauce . 
  poland - the warmest people i ever met . 
  i went with a school project and stayed with other 2 friends at a family . 
  we really bonded . 
  one time we , the romanians , wanted to make fried eggs and we waited like 5 minutes for the oil to burst , we later found out it was a teflon cooking pan with some fucking red dot we were supposed to watch . 
  also , the girls ... mmm . 
  turkey - also , very nice people but the place looked like a desert , sand in the streets . 
  all kids sang the anthem in front of the school in the morning , with no regards to the weather . 
  and they had a turkish wc , so i had to undress every time i took a shit ( i was quite chubby back then ) . 
  and the ataturk statues and photos , they 're everywhere . 
  so far i have to say i 'm more than pleased with iohannis . 
  i voted for him even though i 'm a leftist , but ponta which should have been centre-left is just a retard crook . 
  the best thing is that some days , i even forget that he 's president which i think it 's awesome coming from 10 years of every-day televised scandal between the ex-president and ponta which achieved nothing , just a deep polarization and hatred in the country . 
  so yes , it is really , really well . 
  also , you have to understand how politics in romania work . 
  iohannis has theoretically almost no power . 
  but , he did n't just win the elections , he won them by a huge landslide , and unexpected result even for his most avid supporters . 
  this means that the pm , can not ignore him , as he will lose the next elections . 
  you can imagine the romanian vote as a tsunami , it comes with little to no warning and all you can do is swim along . 
  so that 's what ponta is doing , he 's appeasing iohannis , he works with him so maybe he wo n't get `` wiped out '' again in the next elections . 
  this means that iohannis can push some of his agenda even though his party is in the opposition . 
  what i trully like about him , and this is why i voted for him , is that he imposes respect . 
  he 's a man who you just ca n't ignore , he 's a true `` man of the state '' . 
  and his good image can do wonders for our developing economy , as we live in a destabilized region ( * kudos russia * ) . 
  also , in the recent polls , his popularity skyrocketed to 71 % . 
  so yeah , life 's good . 
  i wish him good luck in his next 10 years , which , as a famous romanian journalist said , will be a `` presidential regime '' under iohannis . 
  that would be the third time . 
  but hey , who 's counting ? 
  as someone who may or may not work for the romanian intelligence service i can tell you with absolute certainty that this may or may not be just a joke . 
  do you mind swapping our panonian exclave for your austria ? 
  also , we should attack algeria , and split it in half . 
  that way we get a corridor from west romanian peninsula to east romanian peninsula and you get ... well we get a corridor . 
  that 's close enough , i 'd say . 
  romania stronk . 
  from what i 've seen in the interviews with the russian soldiers , they signed a 3 year contract to become professionals , as they were conscripts . 
  now from what i understand , even if the officers tried to force their hand into signing the contract , some of them refused . 
  after that , they were taken to a training facility near rostov , but , from what the soldiers said , they knew they were going into ukraine . 
  so given the current events in ukraine , my guess is that after they ( russian conscripts ) signed the contract , they knew to some extent that they might go in ukraine . 
  now , did they want to be there , most of them probably did n't , except the warmongering fanatics but they went nonetheless . 
  good evening tallin . 
  this is bucharest calling . 
  here are the results of the romanian vote . 
  latvia - 6 points * lettonie cinq points * lithuania - 8 points * lituanie huit points * estonia - 10 points * estonie dix points * and our 12 points goes to * pause for effect * our brothers * another pause * moldavia !!, 
  and we also gave up any claims of ukrainian teritory since 1997 , even the herta region , which was n't in the ribbentrop-molotov pact . 
  and probably if there was a referendum to join romania in herta , 90 % would vote to join . 
  but , we have to see past that , so romanians in ukraine have to follow the ukrainian constitution , just as ukrainians ( from romania ) follow the romanian constitution . 
  what we can do , however , is to make sure their rights as a minority are respected , and we can help them not forget their cultural heritage . 
  so yea , we should found their schools , local papers and tv channels , grant them romanian citizenship if that is what they want , but we should n't found a 5th column , as rusia is doing , or promote separatism . 
  i do n't know about you , but i like taking a dump outside from time to time , mostly in the summer . 
  it 's nice to hear the dogs bark , the roosters doing the song of their people , and feeling that fresh summer breeze in your hair . 
  also when the bees get in the toillete and you have to gtfo asap . 
  there 's no point in discussing this isue at this moment . 
  we should focus on small steps , to bring moldova closer to the eu , and to help its economy . 
  also , maybe the most important fact , is to bring them closer to romania on a cultural level . 
  they 've been stuck in urss for 50 years .
