  trade experts say one option would be for the uk to opt out of the information loop during the brexit process in exchange for an agreement with europe to allow it begin bilateral talks before it leaves the bloc . 
  seems reasonable, 
  is it really so bizarre ? 
  he was impersonating the italian pm ... 
  spain yesterday : uk needs to calm down, 
  it 's insane . 
  true !, 
  it 's not upside down . 
  just back to front . 
  i think mods changed everyone 's flairs ? 
  i did n't even know mine was the eu flag ( i 'm on mobile ) . 
  it used to be the union jack and i have n't changed it . 
  i voted leave and found this funny . 
  ahh , that must be why the uk treats gibraltar so badly !, 
  yeah reddit is such an accurate portrayal of real life . 
  president bernie is doing a great job !, 
  yes . 
  the eib has $ 21 billion paid in capital , and the uk share of that is 16 % , or $ 3.4 billion . 
  only eu members can be in the eib so unless the treaties change that money must be paid back . 
  now read the next subsection . 
  you are aware that eu institutions have lost court cases ? 
  in reference to something you do n't like : * it 's not my cup of tea *, 
  does an estonian living in the uk have to ` pay a price ' for living here and having fom ? 
  sturgeon will definitely be the proprieter of project fear this time . 
  rather than wait until after the effects of brexit are clear she wants to scare scots into thinking it will be so bad that they have to vote for independence . 
  it will have a huge impact on scots living in england . 
  seems good to me . 
  maybe also include those born in scotland so that scots who moved away can also vote . 
  because there is no such thing as scottish citizenship so that can not be the criteria for who gets to vote . 
  the criteria in the last referendum was ( roughly ) anyone who lives in scotland and has lived there for x amount of time . 
  they did n't forget . 
  the eu just changed an awful lot and became something they were told it never would be . 
  uk had no vote to join . 
  the 1975 referendum was 2 years after we had already joined . 
  op means that approximately the same % voted to leave as support wilders, 
  ft alphaville is free . 
  you just need to register . 
  i hope they do . 
  they have lost 25 % of their gdp in this crisis . 
  great video . 
  i 've subscribed for part 2 . 
  so blame the us for europe 's lax security ? 
  you must be living in an alternative reality . 
  theresa may has never said such things . 
  because the snp was going to vote on it ... 
  none of this responded to what the other poster said ? 
  the snp have been voting on strictly english only laws , for example the vote to bring back fox hunting in england . 
  except france and germany who are n't in control of their trade negotiations . 
  british monarchs do n't abdicate unless they really have to ( edward viii ) . 
   for the first time since the debt crisis erupted , 53 % of those asked in a recent alco poll said they believed the euro was `` wrong '' for their country , with a third calling for the return of the drachma . 
   for the first time since the debt crisis erupted , 53 % of those asked in a recent alco poll said they believed the euro was `` wrong '' for their country , with a third calling for the return of the drachma . 
  https://youtu.be/uydht0hg1ik 5:50, 
  those clips are years old and only dan hannan says the uk would stay in the single market . 
  https://youtu.be/uydht0hg1ik watch from 5:50 and tell me it was n't clear . 
  iirc only one is from the time of the referendum and even then almost none of them say the uk will still be a member of the single market . 
  see this video from 5:40 for actual clips from leading figures of both campaigns , said during the campaign , https://youtu.be/uydht0hg1ik, 
  either that or op is suggesting that the uk 's economic growth is somehow an elaborate ruse ? 
  '' ... for a brief moment , before giving it up to brussels ! '', 
  see , the problem you have is that you 're projecting what you * want * to have happened on your understanding of what * actually * happened . 
  i 'm responding to the article . 
  in the end trump is just one president . 
  the demographics are very favourable for the usa & anglosphere countries vis-a-vis europe , russia and china . 
  additionally they have a proven economic system . 
  i 'm very surprised at these being the top comments on a guardian article  the desire to repatriate laws and trading freedoms has nothing to do with ` contempt ' for other countries . 
   honestly , it 's like trying to debate with a 6 year old in the middle of a temper tantrum , accusing you of hating ice cream because you 've denied them a second helping . 
  ,  i recall donald tusk telling britain that our only option was a hard brexit , so that 's what we are doing . 
  if the eu want something other than a hard brexit , they should have dropped the tough-guy attitude - we are n't greece . 
  too late now . 
  ,   amid this turmoil , at least one spaniard , 26-year-old miguel besc\u00f3s , chose to be pragmatic : last week he joined his 200,000 fellow spaniards living in the uk and travelled to liverpool to learn english and maybe work as a waiter . 
  he ca n't find a job in spain and thinks that soon it will be more difficult for him to go to the uk . 
  `` now you just buy a plane ticket and go . 
  in a few months ' time , who knows ? ''  when people who can work as waiters are heading to the uk to look for work it points out glaring issues in the eu . 
   as someone who voted remain , i despair at how the eu are burying their heads in the sand over the issues facing the working class across europe . 
  there are some others which go along with the article but i think this is a sign of the growing acceptance/support for brexit and may 's plan among the general public also shown in the latest polls . 
  but why are n't these opportunities available in amazing ireland ? 
  with a much higher ` per capita standard of living ' ? 
  why would irish people move to the uk if everything is so much better there ? 
  no-one remembers who ` lost ' the republic , so i do n't see why this would be different . 
  as you probably know many europeans live in the uk for a seasons work , and we are not discussing short term migration . 
   i think i heard on the tv british government mentioning 3 million brits , remain campaign lied . 
  literally just google it and you will see that it 's ~ 1.2 million . 
  he wrote that he has not heard any mep or leader threaten a punishing deal . 
  he must be deaf . 
  nicola sturgeon keeps delaying and backtracking on what exactly will trigger a second referendum because the polls show no change in support for independence whether or not the uk leaves ( yet ) . 
  she has a very tough job ahead of her to argue that leaving the eu/single market ( ~ 16 % of scotland 's exports iirc ) will bring devastation , while leaving the uk ( ~ 60 % of scotland 's exports ) will be a walk in the park . 
  well one country is leaving the eu . 
  call me when that happens in the uk . 
  there certainly has n't been a fall in price in london . 
  live stream it online ? 
  they did n't predict a tory majority . 
  everyone expected a hung parliament . 
  so perhaps canada would be more prosperous and powerful if they joined the usa ? 
  that chain sells mediocre food for too high a price . 
  you 're not kidding anyone jamie . 
  well the uk , and margaret thatcher in particular , did warn against the creation of a common currency . 
  it 's not their fault that nobody listened . 
  i was simply explaining how the above post linked to the echr . 
  he was wanted for a crime in jordan but deporting him took years because there was a risk that evidence used against him in jordan might have been obtained through torture . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/brexit-impact-recession-eu-referendum-credit-suisse-employment-job-hiring-a7136541.html https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/may/23/cameron-warns-against-self-destruct-vote-to-leave-eu  a fall in gdp of between 3.6 % and 6 % ; a plunge in the value of sterling ; lower house prices ; a reduction in wages of between 2.8 % and 4 % ; more than half a million job losses not apocalyptic but remain did hammer away with doom and gloom economic predictions which have n't materialised . 
  a bit of a side note here but this is why i think a second referendum would still result in a leave vote .
