  theresa 's cabinet is heavily eurosceptic . 
  there would be mutiny if she does n't commit . 
  the only possibility of not exiting comes from having a general election that results in a pro-eu government , i.e. 
  except labour is currently in complete disarray and may actually split into two parties as a result of their leadership troubles . 
  the government is in the process of hiring thousands of new civil servants to deal with this and theresa may has repeatedly said brexit means brexit . 
  this is a delusion from a london based media who can not accept the reality that the country opposes them and wants to leave . 
  see the telegraph article about this about 10 posts before yours in / new, 
  imf also does not forecast a uk recession and has the uk growing faster than france , germany and italy in 2017 . 
  did they predict any others to go down the shitter ? 
  or is that just deutsche ? 
  the uk will have to foot the bill ? 
  who the bloody hell do you think was paying for that ` eu money ' anyway ? 
  clue : there is no such thing as eu money and the uk is a net contributor . 
  the uk is a net contributor to the eu . 
  any ` eu money ' is actually just uk money and it can be replaced . 
  must be all the people flocking to the continent . 
  impossible , practically speaking . 
  ruk would be able to decide in the flag and obviously they would n't change it . 
  it is iconic . 
  by having trade deals in place with india , australia etc, 
  what is the economic argument for it ? 
  why do no other regional trade blocs copy it ? 
  honestly rip european economy if this happens, 
  rip ireland 's agriculture, 
  i accept your downvotes with pride . 
   the chairman of hsbc has ruled out moving the bank 's headquarters away from london following the uk 's vote to leave the eu . 
   speaking to journalists at a conference organised by lobby group the city uk , douglas flint said the referendum result would not prompt another review of the group 's base , writes emma dunkley . 
   hsbc , the uk 's largest bank , announced in february that it would keep its headquarters in london , in a seal of approval for the country 's attractiveness as a financial centre . 
  the decision followed 10 months of internal debate about whether the bank would be better off based overseas -- most likely in hong kong . 
   `` we said at the time we made the decision that we 'd taken that [ a brexit ] into consideration and that in the event of this outcome we would not call for that to be revisited , '' said mr flint . 
   one of the shadows hanging over the city of london is whether it will lose its highly-prized business of clearing euro-denominated derivatives . 
   it has around 70 per cent of the business while the nearest competitor , paris , holds just 11 per cent , according to 2013 data from the bank of international settlements . 
   those fears may be realised especially since fran\u00e7ois hollande , the president of france , spelt out his view . 
   `` the city , which thanks to the eu , was able to handle clearing operations for the eurozone , will not be able to do them , '' he said this week . 
  `` it can serve as an example for those who seek the end of europe . 
  it can serve as a lesson . ''  this threat too easily simplifies a complex relationship between trading and location across global markets . 
  there are solid reasons to believe that these calls will be counterproductive and consequently , not acted upon . 
   clearing houses manage credit risk in the event one party in a swap deal defaults . 
  london has become a world leader for the clearing of all types of currency-denominated derivatives , thanks largely to the widespread acceptance of english law . 
   in the clearing world the euro is one currency among many , including the us dollar , japanese yen and the polish zloty . 
  yen , euro and sterling trades are cleared in the us . 
  deutsche b\u00f6rse 's eurex handles futures contracts for uk gilts and sterling . 
   governments all around the world are quite comfortable with the idea of having currency-denominated instruments traded and cleared outside their borders -- and with many investors using highly regulated london clearing houses . 
   to demand that only euro-denominated swaps can be cleared in the eurozone is fine , however such a standard would have to apply to everyone around the world . 
   that would not only create an anomaly , it would also indicate that europe may be bringing in a measure of protectionism -- which could well prompt a retreat from investors . 
   crucially , the euro is a global reserve currency and so can be traded and cleared anywhere , just as the dollar is . 
  a demand to have euro-denominated swaps only cleared in the eurozone would represent a step back from that . 
   it may also spur tension within europe . 
  the ecb clearing house policy of four years ago -- that london successfully countered -- was largely pushed by france , and many german representatives were privately at best lukewarm in their support . 
   one unknown is whether that raises issues about competition . 
  one could not also rule out american banks and exchanges ( especially the cme group ) setting out a legal challenge to a policy that tilts the playing field towards particular european corporations . 
  the cme , for one , has form in this area -- it took the cds market to antitrust authorities . 
   overall it 's hard to see this call for more euro-denominated clearing in the eurozone as anything other than another french effort to pull business back to paris . 
  it has tried to do so in the past and if it comes to pass , some business will move out of london . 
  rules are rules , after all , and the eu is likely to try to punish the uk in some way . 
   but in the end that might be counterproductive to a continent trying to stimulate economic growth . 
  much like the financial transactions tax , which started off with a great wave of enthusiasm until the details got in the way . 
  ultimately , markets do n't like being told where to go and what to do for political and not systemic risk reasons . 
   eastern europe has launched a stinging attack on the european commission and its president jean-claude juncker , calling for a change of direction in brussels as the fallout from brexit ripples across europe . 
   ministers from across the region have called for a change in the commission 's leadership and suggested brussels was partly to blame for british voters rejecting membership of the bloc and for rising levels of euroscepticism across the continent . 
   `` we think that today the european institutions should start to admit they made a mistake , '' said witold waszczykowski , poland 's foreign minister . 
  `` there is this atmosphere that has been expressed by british society , that the call of , for example , mr juncker from a few months ago for politicians to break away from their electorates and to take care of the european concept , has been rejected . ''  he said `` at least a part of the european leadership '' should step aside in favour of new politicians and experts untainted by the uk vote to work on `` a new proposal for both great britain and europe '' . 
   estonian president toomas ilves on monday said mr juncker 's behaviour had been `` abominable '' . 
  czech foreign minister lubom\u00edr zaor\u00e1lek said on sunday he did not see mr juncker as `` the right man for the job '' , adding `` someone in the eu maybe should contemplate quitting '' . 
   the criticism is likely to raise fears of a deepening divide between brussels and some of the eu 's eastern members , sparked by mr juncker 's demand that all member states accept refugees arriving from the middle east and north africa last year . 
  poland , hungary and other eastern states refused to participate and resented the resulting criticism from western countries . 
   `` after these stress tests for europe , we have to stay united among 27 and avoid sending the wrong messages , '' linas linkevicius , lithuania 's foreign minister , told the financial times . 
   eastern european states have long been sceptical of mr juncker . 
  many suspect that he prioritises the views of western members such as france and germany and the benelux countries , and seeks deeper political integration -- something disliked by many newer members such as poland . 
   mr waszczykowski said poland might submit a proposal for a new eu treaty at a meeting on tuesday that would strip power from the commission . 
   `` these proposals are quite radical . 
  we are thinking about a new european treaty and to give the main power in the eu to the european council , not the commission , '' he told reporters . 
   at a meeting of ministers from eu states on sunday , a dozen members called for the commission to keep a low profile in the coming months so as not to inflame more anger against the eu , according to two people with knowledge of the meeting . 
   mr juncker 's representative in the meeting said the commission had no plans to change its approach after the brexit vote , one of the people said . 
   at a press briefing , a spokesperson for the european commission said that mr juncker would not step down following the brexit vote . 
  `` the commission did not call a referendum , '' he added . 
  `` the ones who were concerned by this process , should be the one to assume the lessons learned . '' , 
  same value as february ? 
  unbelievable, 
  were the english people they spoke to real or a comedy sketch ? 
  i could n't tell !, 
  actually the uk has a trade surplus with the outside world . 
  it is only in deficit with the eu . 
  the subtitles simplify what was said by skipping words and phrases . 
  in the interviews they dub over the english audio in french and write incomplete english subtitles . 
  it seems like a good documentary but this is too annoying to watch . 
  i see . 
  so sweden does n't have cleaners , manual labourers , plumbers etc ? 
  are you saying that high minimum wages deter low skilled migrant workers ? 
  if so , could you explain your logic behind this . 
  immigration from within the eu can not be controlled by governments . 
  andorra also mints euros . 
  and one for cumbria too . 
  the map is clear !, 
  she should vote to leave then . 
  good luck attracting london 's financial services with that attitude . 
  they also get posted on facebook, 
  and poland was almost last on the jury vote . 
  the coloured 50p will not be in circulation , however . 
  it includes the word downside .
