  economic fear was a big factor in the vote and frankly , the predictions just did n't come true . 
  will brexit also be blamed when the brics overtake the german economy ? 
  remember * , 
  seems like ireland only nominally had autonomy in that period https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_ireland_ ( 1691 -- 1801 ), 
  has northern ireland ever been under direct rule from dublin ? 
  why would it be irrelevant ? 
  what would it be replaced with ? 
  except the pound has been gaining/stable for a while now . 
  at $ 1.19 it 's almost 10 cents up from its recent low against the euro and it was the only currency to gain on the dollar in the wake up trump 's election . 
  there 's nothing shocking there . 
  imagine this map but for china , the world 's second biggest economy . 
  the two measures are n't really related . 
  who would buy them ? 
  ~ ~ see , that 's what you get for brexit ~ ~ brexit has n't happened yet . 
  black wednesday best wednesday of my life, 
  so they are as stupid as the guardian , independent et al. 
  that really does explain things . 
  the biggest boost was when trump was elected . 
  it went up by about 5 cents against the euro, 
  how stupid are the markets ? 
  of course it 's being `` considered '' . 
  everything is being considered . 
  of course not all but the vast majority do . 
  in the referendum independence got 45 % of the vote , and in the ge the following year the snp got 50 % of the vote . 
  and there 's a group who voted for scottish independence who want to be truly independent ( i.e. 
  not in the eu ) . 
  iirc 33 % of snp voters voted to leave the eu . 
   eu includes countries which previously endured economic hardships and currently are this makes the eu 's overall growth even more embarrassing since those countries which are not as developed will be growing faster than the uk . 
  i wonder where they would like to go . 
  my money 's on australia , canada & usa . 
  that 's funny , last month facebook told me he was moving to germany . 
  i wonder where he will be fleeing for next month . 
  what a surprise . 
  that 's strange logic . 
  even as a non-binding referendum of course it would have an impact on political discourse . 
  not necessarily . 
  see scotland . 
  what happens if they do n't ? 
  forced out of the european parliament ? 
  that was a good read . 
  do n't be fooled by the image , the article is n't talking about wilders . 
  it 's ironic that he warns against the ` rising populist idea ' that the euro does not work economically , by countering with how popular the euro is ... 
  this is the media 's favourite trick . 
  what do you think about the netherlands being in a different region to germany though ? 
  it seems like they should not be separated . 
  after predicting euro parity with the dollar for q4 2016, 
  i would say # 250m is the most accurate figure . 
  when talking about tax rates we do n't subtract government spending on each of us , the rate is 20/30/x %, 
   except near train stations ( danish people know what im referring to ) i 'm not danish . 
  could you please explain ? 
  this was really good , thanks for posting it . 
  in summary : # 350m = total eu membership fee # 250m = membership fee with rebate taken into account # 150m = membership fee with rebate and uk spending taken into account, 
  thatcher . 
   17 -- 65 that 's a big age bracket . 
  just a suggestion but i think the terms ` majority ' and ` plurality ' would have been clearer/more correct . 
  it 's interesting that the euro is less popular in czechia than in the uk . 
  i do . 
  it was essentially treated as a fact on june 24th . 
  it would be strange to rent a building with a capacity of 5,000 to house 3,000 . 
  db currently employs 7,000 people in 16 buildings in london . 
  the new building has a capacity of 5,000 people but db has not said how many staff will move into it , and the article says nothing about how many other buildings db will still employ people in . 
  well this is awkward . 
  wow !, 
  where is this ? 
  note : the author is not involved with brexit negotiations , as i assumed when i first read the headline . 
  seems like a lot of eu nationals living in the uk loose out as well actually . 
  are you arguing that a country can not be successful in the world without an eu trade deal ? 
  in the uk many people do act as if the uk can not be successful on its own at all . 
  you probably already know r/mapporn ? 
  per year . 
   under margaret thatcher , britain secured an annual rebate on its budget contribution worth more than $ 3bn . 
  as part of that deal , germany , austria , the netherlands and sweden also received money back from their contributions . 
   however , a reflection paper on the future budget suggests britain 's departure could mark the end of that flow out of the eu budget , in a move likely to cause some upset among the beneficiaries . 
  so as well as asking them to fill the budget hole they could also see their receipts fall . 
  but the uk has been ** humiliated ** , do n't you know ? 
   what metric the eu beats other countries on it 's a secret formula only federalists know . 
   is n't the eu the only single market ? 
  politicians and eu supporters obviously mean to convey that the eu has a larger economy than the usa when they recite this statistic but it 's not true , so now posters here have changed the definition to make it utterly meaningless . 
  so what are the other single markets in the world ? 
  russia + it 's satellites and the 4-nation mercosur group ? 
  that is certainly not what is implied by people reciting this statistic and you know it . 
  well in that case which single markets is the eu competing with ? 
  the 4-nation mercosur block ? 
  that would be an utterly meaningless statistic and you must realise that `` larger than the usa '' is implicitly implied by people who recite it . 
  there we have it . 
  the final answer : the eu is the largest trade block according to a specially devised , but unspecified , formula which weights population and gdp in such a way that the eu is # 1 . 
  i 'm afraid that data is 4 years old and the eu has been overtaken . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ), 
  welcome to 5 minutes ago . 
  we have established that asean is a larger trade block by population and nafta is a larger trade block by gdp . 
  your move . 
  `` biggest '' how ? 
  gdp =  usa, 
  which brings us back to nafta ... 
  a bit like asean then ? 
  which has a population of 625 million people ? 
  i thought that ... population = china gdp = usa market size/value = gdp ? 
  as for trade volume , i guess that you are including inra-eu trade which obviously makes for an unfair comparison as that would be equivalent to trade between us states . 
  i welcome any sources to the contrary . 
   biggest trade block in the world by which measure ?
