  did she answer the international questions in german or in english ? 
  previously syriza wanted a 29 % corporate tax rate , it was the imf who wanted 28 % ( the figure in the document ) . 
  i just skimmed this and it seems like a full capitulation ( and goes even further than the troika on e.g. 
  primary surplus targets ) with no mention of debt relief . 
  how on earth will syriza sell this to the public ? 
  tl ; dr. . . greece is not exempt from the laws of economics ( nor is any country ) . 
  good . 
  it had major failings . 
  spoiler : she does n't have any buttons , and reading this is migraine-inducing . 
  wednesday , august 26th at the earliest . 
  how does the story end ? 
  because it did n't predict the result exactly ? 
  check the uk and polish election polls earlier this year ... were they also corrupt ? 
  so far ? 
  the one on the right is cypriot . 
  intentional ? 
  ap today, 
  what if neither has a majority ? 
  i saw one poll that predicted 46 % yes and 49 % no . 
  i see , sorry about that . 
  that 's not true . 
  check the source http://country.eiu.com/article.aspx?articleid=613293645&amp;country=greece&amp;topic=politics  we have revised up our estimate of the likelihood of a `` grexit '' to 60 % , from 40 % previously . 
  this is not based on any polling of the votes , and it sees a 60 % chance of grexit , not a 60 % no vote . 
  this was posted and discussed days ago . 
  he said it was hidden somewhere in the building . 
  i 'm not kidding . 
  thank you for this, 
  today i saw a channel 4 news ( uk ) interview with varoufakis in which he stated that since the referendum was announced the eu has approached him with a deal that he would sign on the dotted line , and all that is needed for the deal is a no vote . 
  although these are clearly delusions , i guess this is what people are voting for . 
  edit : you can watch the interview here http://www.channel4.com/news/catch-up/, 
  wow , eastern europe . 
  also relevant : the protest on the 30th had a larger turnout, 
  to whom would she pay the tax ? 
  international positions like these are tax free for a reason ( there 's no world government ), 
   on the contentious issue of pension reform , mr tsipras requests that changes to move the retirement age to 67 by 2022 begin in october , rather than immediately . 
  i wonder if he plans to resign or call a new election before then so he can blame the new government for the cuts ? 
  would you care to explain your comment ? 
  i feel i 'm missing something . 
  should n't the second bailout predictions begin at 2012 ? 
  and initially line up with the actual figures ? 
  translation ? 
  i support the goal but this will only be achieved through national debate . 
  it 's 3am . 
  democracy ? 
  there are seven days to debate the country 's future . 
  this referendum is a farce . 
  ok , cool , 
  this looks promising . 
  the only thing i would suggest is that since intra-european flights are so cheap i would like to receive information about good deals from say spain to south america even though i 'm from the uk ( since i could easily fly to spain ) . 
  i thought it was legalised recently in slovenia too ? 
  check reddit, 
  today i read an article about the integration of copenhagen and sk\u00e5ne ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/mar/05/denmark-wants-to-rebrand-part-of-sweden-as-greater-copenhagen ) . 
  if successful , perhaps this will increase support for the euro in dk/se . 
  question could also be interpreted as believing that uk membership is good for the eu , but still wanting to leave . 
  perhaps markets see the fact that there has been no reform of the eu ( as promised ) as favourable to brexit . 
  groot-brittann\u00efe does n't include northern ireland though , which you coloured on the map , 
   david cameron having secret agents raid the guardian ??? 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  thanks for the stunning pictures . 
  i am planning to travel through turkey and georgia this summer , 
  what do you mean ? 
  for reference this year it was -4.8 and last year -5.7, 
  i believe the logic is that by taking more , genuine , refugees directly from the camps and returning unwanted migrants to turkey ( the deal includes a re-admission agreement ) there will be less of an incentive to risk it all and leave the camps and therefore the flow might be stopped, 
  i read about it in 2 english newspapers these past few days ( the times & the guardian ) . 
  unless there is a large resettlement programme i do not believe the flow from turkey can be stopped . 
  for reals this time ? 
   what is a denmark ? 
  is it full of dutch people ? 
   dutch people , confusingly , live in the netherlands . 
  am i missing something ? 
  why would anyone think that dutch people came from denmark ? 
  a real referendum ... and then a second if the answer was wrong !, 
  i know it 's unlikely , but brexit and trump actually took traditionally left wing , ` left-behind ' voters with them . 
  great news . 
  f-35s are being ordered by almost the entire western alliance http://www.reuters.com/article/us-lockheed-martin-canada-f35-orders-iduskbn0eg2xd20140606, 
  / r/europe 's wet dream, 
  well in that case they would print their currency and never be in danger of defaulting . 
  as opposed to rotterdam ... what on earth does this have to do with brexit ? 
  i have n't seen labour at 30 % in a poll for quite a while ... 
  the thing is labour wo n't find any votes in n ireland for blocking brexit . 
  they vote for completely different parties there ( mainly along sectarian lines ) . 
  but it is far from likely to do that , for reasons here and more theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/feb/25/brexit-vote-scotland-out-uk-scottish-independence it is the eu which has weakened the integrity of the uk and which will continue to weaken the nations left in it . 
  it is very much in sinn fein 's and the snp 's interests to block brexit . 
  but a large majority of constituencies are thought to have voted leave . 
  so you 're saying the uk has nothing to loose . 
  interesting . 
  that 's wrong . 
  projections for the whole of 2016 are now equal or even higher than they were before the referendum . 
  remain campaigner supported remain ... truly shocking . 
  lalala i ca n't hear you if i downvote you, 
  uk prints its own currency though and it has never defaulted on its debts so it is very trusted in the financial markets . 
  interesting , thank you . 
  so the indian deal differs from the others i listed as being the only deal to not have failed because of the eu . 
  https://www.thedrinksbusiness.com/2013/06/india-offers-to-slash-wine-and-spirit-duty/ seems like reducing the wine duty reduction faced the most backlash in india . 
  perhaps they would be more agreeable to only reducing the whiskey duty , 
  do you have a source explaining that ? 
  this suggests that a major sticking point was that eu refusing to liberalise trade in services , which i note is exactly what the uk wants as well . 
  thewire.in / 26540/many-issues-stand - in-the-way-of-india-the-eu-agreeing-on-an-free-trade-deal-in-brussels, 
  i dont know which arguments you are referring to but currently the eu accounts for 45 % of uk exports , down from +60 % in the early 2000 's and that figure goes down each year . 
  the world is globalising and the eu will become a smaller and smaller market relatively speaking .
