  that 's not right . 
  it 's not right to have the only option be : buy this inferior product for the same or similar price or get lost and do n't have anything . 
  in a way it 's kinda `` monopolistic '' in a sense . 
  if you want nutella you only have one company that controls the supply , quality , price , etc. 
  if you want a mars bar , you only have one option . 
  want cheetos ? 
  guess what , it 's a protected product and you have to buy cheetos from frito-lay . 
  each of these products is its own kind of category and if you want these ( or other ) products , you only have one company , one option to which to turn for a quality product . 
  when that company controls which product can enter your country and decides to make the ingredients less healthy to save on costs , you have no power to voice your desire for that product to be of the quality you expect . 
  you expect that the product that you bought last week under one brand in the next town right accross the border is the same as the one you buy in your hometown store . 
  you do n't know that you 're buying inferior product and the country as a whole can only stop eating the product as a response . 
  but that wo n't happen because there is a market for these products and so there is no opportunity given this setup for competition for the product . 
  rather , a company 's decision to decrease quality will simply force everyone to deal with a lowered quality . 
  this is the sort of scenario that governments are meant to regulate : when market forces can not function properly and quality , health , and misleading labelling is causing problems for the country as a whole . 
  how would you react if renault suddenly started selling a special version of their cars in your country that was more polluting , made of cheaper materials , and required more maintenance than the ones they sold in other countries , but they put all the same labels on it and sold only those to your country ? 
  it 's misleading at best to suggest that they can sell you a ` twizy ' but really end up selling you a ` twizy discount ' while hiding that fact from you by using the same label as the one they use for their cars elsewhere . 
  sure , sell it as a ` twizy discount ' if you wish , at least that 's honest . 
  but what 's happening with these food products is not honest , and it leads to selling inferior product you did not exect to be purchasing without even knowing . 
  oh , gracious , i never meant to imply anything about efficiency or quality of life in any of these cities . 
  just that aesthetically a lot can be done with or without money to make stark differences in appearance if you just put the right effort in . 
  no one wants to live in a ugly city , but without proper regulation or cooperation a pretty one wo n't happen . 
  you can buy nice property/homes/apartments for very low prices . 
  salaries are good , unemployment is through the floor ( basically none ) , businesses and industry is booming like crazy . 
  government is very relaxed and there are many things you can do in texas that would be illegal elsewhere in the country . 
  nice coastal areas but the water can be a bit cold sometimes and the beaches rocky and not as nice as the beaches in southern countries . 
  a spirit of independence and mutual respect ( lots of emphasis on being good neighbors to each other , being a good citizen and minding the community , etc. ) . 
  also low prices for things like alcohol . 
  many people into exploring nature or open spaces . 
  also , despite not having traditionally had the best cuisine , adoption of outside cuisines blended to create a new kind of cuisine based on immigrants ' foods and that new blend is pretty good . 
  a former spanish territory but there were issues and there began a popular revolt against hispanic and catholic rule and the protestants eventually managed to get their way and got independence creating a separate republic . 
  they tend to look down on/make fun of the portions of the territory they were united with to the southwest that remained catholic . 
  make fun of french speakers enough , and were invaded by france a few times in the distant past , and the french held some claims to the land but that was sorted out a long time ago . 
  got a very large number of german immigrants too , and there are a significant number of german speaking towns in a few small parts of the state . 
  sure , but older does n't mean it has to be uglier . 
  houston is newer than a lot of [ chicago ] ( http://blog.techtravelagent.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/chicago-skyline.jpg ) , but uglier . 
  do you call it the ` french republic ' ? 
  both france and czechia have republic as part of their official names . 
  i do n't like saying ` kingdom of spain ' , ` vatican city state ' , or ` french republic ' despite those all being the official names for their respective countries . 
  why should czechia be any different ? 
  just use the short form and save some effort . 
  sorry , but this is pretty ugly . 
  impressive , but ugly . 
  i think all europe needs to seriously think about tightening building codes for modern districts and cities to avoid having too many disorderly ugly buildings pop up . 
  done right , cities with modern buildings and architecture can look very nice . 
  without controls , you can get ugly things like this : [ houston ] ( http://www.ucityguides.com/images/top10/houston.jpg ) done right with appropriate controls , and even poor cities can look great : [ astana ] ( http://cs9281.vk.me/v9281045/1023/xpzodqhr_6o.jpg ), 
  sort of . 
  they 're not actually autonomous communities . 
  they 're autonomous cities without the same additional level of government . 
  also not all laws apply to them kind of like how puerto rico and the us virgin islands have their own laws which can be different from the federal laws that apply to the rest of the us . 
  it 's a complicated legal situation . 
  they 're not provinces ; they are part of the eu but have a bunch of asterisks next to their names in all the treaties . 
  they have a special tax zone ( and used to be free ports until the eu ) . 
  they 're not part of nato . 
  it 's complicated . 
  the one thing they have going for them that puerto rico and the vi do n't have is a vote in congress . 
  okay then . 
  virgin islands ? 
  tell you what , we give olivenza to portugal , but portugal becomes the newest autonomous community in spain . 
  deal ? 
  i mean , just a minor strong current would be sufficient to deter people from scaling it . 
  that 's what i most often see when i come accross such fences in other countries . 
  but truth be told i have also seen places in south africa , for instance , where landowners use electric fences with potentially lethal current . 
  i do n't think that would be legal in the eu , however . 
  what i think , though , is that any significant electric charge ( mild to moderate ) is a pretty good deterrent . 
  something i 've seen in other countries is electric fences . 
  the fences right now can be scaled en masse , but electrify it and that would be a different scenario . 
  i mean , no one really denies that they preferred to separate from ukraine and join russia if given the option . 
  it 's just that the option was given in the context of a complex situation . 
  catalonia \u2212 spain = 0, 
  he once requested a ride using his wife 's phone , but not necessarily for one of his escapades . 
  it might be that he used it for a normal reason that first time before he logged off . 
  your photoshop skills are a true masterpiece . 
  but actually that 's pretty helpful . 
  i suppose a difference is that you can be empathetic without being one of those very simple very pure/kind people like this woman . 
  sure , you have have some empathy for people while caring about other things , thus raising your area 's empathy over a cutthroat place , but i have never found such very nice , sincere people among the rich . 
  i 've also never been to africa , but i have to the americas , asia and poor parts of europe , and i 've come accross such people from each . 
  i have seen way too often that people like this disproportionately are the poorest , those who have suffered the most , and those from the simplest of backgrounds that are like this . 
  the best of people it seems often come from humble , pious , and unfortunately perhaps miserable backgrounds . 
  they learn to find joy in other people . 
  the opposite is what he 's said : if he continues and makes it to the runoff , people will be less likely to vote for him in the runoff . 
  but it 's still the same land and the same predecessors of the modern country . 
  just how i 'd say italian history includes the ancient expansion of rome , or how i 'd speak of greek history without caring what the modern state 's origins were or the fact that the individual city-states of the land that is now greece were all small individual political entities back then . 
  the history of athens , sparta , thrace , etc. 
  was still the history of greece , and the history of asturias and aragon to me is still just the early beginnings of spain . 
  not just castilla . 
  all the northern kingdoms basically existed at the fridge of the caliphates and grew fighting the moors . 
  asturias , portugal , leon , navarre , aragon , etc. 
  the modern union of these was triggered by a marriage and later a political act of unification , but the component kingdoms were already there for centuries fighting the moors . 
  compared to that the marriage is actually relatively `` modern '' . 
  the kingdoms all exited for seven centuries fighting the moors and reconquering the peninsula before the marriage and before granada finally fell . 
  everytime i hear that i get flashes of the ancestors , swords in hand , fighting the muslim invaders and kicking them out of the peninsula triumphantly while riding majestically on horseback . 
  but the whole kicking the muslmis/moroccans back into morocco is totally not politically correct nowadays . 
  and yet it 's exactly how spain was born ( and lived for seven centuries ) . 
  to be fair , as far as tourism goes avila receives a great deal of visitors compared to the rest of the country . 
  it 's just that there is no place inland in spain that receives a ton of visitors ( besides madrid/toledo ) when compared to the coast . 
  outsiders love the beaches . 
  they 've always been a little different , but the last decade it 's been a point of distraction . 
  there did n't used to be support for secession but it 's been growing since 2008 since catalan politicians love to blame every bad thing on the politicians in madrid . 
  it 's a problem of dialogue . 
  we were fine and had no real issues prior , but once the economy took a tumble madrid became a scapegoat and catalan politicians have been very successful at pinning everything on the `` evil '' madrid government and antagonizing it to their population .
