  they 've been using a boatload of government power , media , etc. 
  at their disposal to do it . 
  now , the majority of the population has been incited this way , but it 's only getting worse as the madrid government does n't know how to respond without worsening the situation . 
  plenty of other countries doing off the deep end to provide ample study material . 
  what happens when you withdraw from a union ? 
  continental free trade area ? 
  stop imports ? 
  venezuela . 
  partially cut imports/exports besides the main ones ? 
  not to mention everything happening in many other smaller countries . 
  i 'll do it : the minor , of maghrebi descent and whose large family has lived 19 years in spain , forced entry into the granada beauty salon after breaking through the outer shutters and smashing the glass door , according to the court . 
  for calatayud ( judge ) `` many minors commit crimes but are not really criminals . 
  what we do is to help them mature . '', 
  yes , this is true given appropriate government , regulatory , and economic environment . 
  but just because it 's possible to do so does not mean that greece could have achieved this . 
  quite the contrary ; it has widely been thought in economic and political circles that greece would not be able to achieve a primary budget surplus without a significant reduction in total government spending . 
  greece is not in a position where additional government spending will lead to an increase in tax income with a multiplier  1 . 
  current policy and economic reality means that increased government spending in greece would lead to increased government debt . 
  having the reverse be true is possible but very difficult in such scenarios , and the policies of this greek government and those before it have not led greece to be in a position to achieve this . 
  even the imf , which , as you mention , has voiced concerns with austerity alone acknowledge that greece would not achieve a budget surplus without drastic government reform unless they reduce spending . 
  the imf has suggested a path for greece with several different components , such as debt restructuring and forgiveness , bureaucratic , political , and tax reform , etc. 
  but greece is not pulling off the bureaucratic , political , and tax reform and it is in no position to achieve the imf 's ideal plan in the current environment , which means even by imf analysis to achieve a surplus the only open alternative without other external changes would be in working with significant reductions in government spending . 
  but that 's not true . 
  had there not been a reduction in government spending ( austerity ) , government spending would not have reached a primary surplus . 
  the surplus does not exist despite the reduction in government spending ; it 's a direct consequency of the government spending less to the point where now the government spends less than it takes in . 
  to suggest that the government would be in such a position without having reduced spending would be crazy . 
  i mean , here 's the thing ; until very recently , greece did n't have a primary budget surplus . 
  meaning that even if it had refused to pay back any of the money it owed and declared itself bankrupt , starting afresh , it still would n't have the money to maintain current spending without starting to borrow more money . 
  recently through austerity it has started to maintain a primary budget surplus , but this is a recent change , and is still quite vulnerable to slipping back into a deficit . 
  sure , but turkey is not a signatory county , so that does n't apply to them . 
  they can do whatever they like and whatever is convenient . 
  i mean , most of europe is already in one . 
  it 's just a matter of whether or not the uk decides to leave it . 
  just fyi it 's allowed * . 
  hunting and raiding i can see . 
  but you farmed each other ? 
  curious . 
  was n't that just a parody by some left-leaning people on twitter that wanted to poke fun at what they thought trump supporters were like ? 
  yeah , spain is the eu leader in high speed rail , and prices in spain are below similar trajectories in england and france . 
  i think it 's one of our strongest points actually . 
  but just because distances are so great to other european capitals , we have n't invested in such connections as much as internal ones . 
  there 's a high speed rail line being built right now to lisbon , and they 're improving the foundations for a future line to paris , but there 's not really many other places to go externally . 
  yes and no . 
  population replacement was of course practiced throughout the ottoman empire 's history , and what you say is totally true . 
  but at the end of the day , significant as the population replacement was , genetic studies have shown that the majority of modern-day people living in turkey have genes primarily derived from pre-turkish groups . 
  in effect , most of the genetic makeup of anatolians has it 's origins in that of pre-ottoman anatolian peoples . 
  populations have changes over the years , many times as directly called for by the government , but still , most people in anatolia have a primarily pre-ottoman anatolian genetic makeup . 
  last time i looked into it i believe the first cro-mangons were not r1b but their descendents were actually pushed out by r1b and others . 
  but yeah , celts spread as a ruling class and culture , not as much by population replacement/migration as people might expect . 
  `` celtic '' peoples in wales , ireland , etc. 
  have very little `` true '' celtic blood from the celtic homeland in germany and czechia . 
  just language and cultural influences . 
  fun fact : though it overlaps nicely with celtic-speaking regions of the last two thousand years ( spain , france , germany , portugal , and the british isles ) , r1b is not related to the celts , but rather to * much * older peoples . 
  like ** way ** older people groups . 
  they might have been the ones the celts replaced , actually , though it is likely that they are even older than those originally . 
  it 's up for debate . 
  it 's actually * very * contentious right now . 
  two theories prevail : there were native peoples in far western europe that may have originated in northern spain or thereabouts and spread throughout spain , france , and the british isles ( and beyond ) or that at a very different point in time/history , there were invaders from the east ( interestingly enough , though gone now some of the oldest traces of r1b are from russia ) that conquered western europe and simply were not replaced as effectively in the far west as they were elsewhere in europe , especially in the east . 
  there were massive moorish populations ( in addition to native converts ) that came in and retained their culture , language , and seperate ethnic identity though . 
  they and their descendents ( including mixes ) were pretty effectively eradicated and expelled , however . 
  i mean , greece and anatolia had basically a stratum of similar population groups within them for a very long time . 
  the anatolian peoples were conquered by the turks and turkified , but genetically are mostly not `` turkish '' in the sense that the invading turks had mostly a cultural and linguistic conquest , rather than population replacement of the natives . 
  it 's like converting non-greek anatolian peoples ( cousins of greeks ) and some greeks until they adopted a language from far away in central asia and changed cultural attitudes and religion . 
  it 's complicated . 
  austerity is n't seen as being that much of a eu issue for spain , but rather a national issue . 
  so it affects rajoy and the pp , but not any other european leaders ' popularities . 
  also the pp has been suffering lately for a great many other things ( corruption mostly ) so that 's dropped their popularity far lower than merkel 's could ever go ( unless she did something crazy with immigration , mind ) . 
  no , technically [ majority ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/majority ) means a group of the `` majority '' ( ergo more than half ; the major portion of the whole ) so 50 % + 1 . 
  absolute majority most often refers to a majority that includes not just all votes , but also abstentions . 
  so if 52 % of votes went to a and 48 % to b , but abstention was 20 % , there would be no supermajority . 
  however , a would still have a majority . 
  a plurality is the greatest group , and not necessarily formed by a majority but rather by being the largest of all options . 
  so a plurality for ` a ' might be 33 % if ` b ' and ` c ' were each 30 % with the remaining 7 % going to 'd ' . 
  to be able to plan escape routes if the need should ever arise . 
  would n't it be a priestess , not priest as that 's a word with gender in english ? 
  like cow/bull , lion/lioness , actor/actress , etc. 
  precisely what that map shows is what i mean . 
  turkey might be doing okay under erdogan economically , but its economy is still mediocre . 
  not bad , but also no western europe or scandinavia . 
  this means the economy would be an important reason for turks to emigrate to other eu countries and one would expect relatively little reverse immigration in turn . 
  their economy is insufficient to keep turks in turkey should freedom of movement be granted . 
  and that 's a major concern for current eu member states . 
  i mean for all the growth they might have , they 're no denmark or ireland . 
  their economy , when compared with the rest of the eu would give many a reason to emigrate which is the problem . 
  or do you think they 're strong enough to be a net immigrant destination rather than a net emigrant source ? 
  if so , i 'd disagree . 
  * crickets * yeah , they 've got no chance . 
  no one wants them , they are enemies with all their neighbors who would veto them and their large population + middling economy ( implying potentially massive emigration rates ) would worry all of the west and north should they be admitted . 
  they 've got no chance unless overnight they drop erdogan , change their constitution/government , leave cyprus , improve their governance and economy , and magically change some deep cultural aspects . 
  so , yeah , zero chance in today 's political climate . 
  the effects ( cut scenes and cgi ) look just like ones in spain . 
  also , bravo , newsanchor . 
  did n't expect to learn about tourism in aveiro , but i ended up hooked wanting to know more about it despite having no plans to visit yet . 
  you could team up with italy , norway , iceland . 
  maybe even disenfranchised danes , poles , hungarians etc. 
  would given the right circumstances be willing to leave the eu . 
  and you could start an economic union with them . 
  a free single market with them even . 
  maybe even call it a union . 
  i think i 'd rather be cooler than warmer , thanks .
