   certainly not a good person , still a citizen . 
  of course he is still a citizen . 
  i never questioned this . 
  i used this example to highlight how a person might be in the clear legally ( by the law a good person and a good citizen because he has not committed any crimes ) and yet not be inculpable morally . 
  this just to highlight that the law is n't the only thing that matters , and that people will very often -- perhaps even more often than not -- refer to a person as being a good person or a good citizen by means other than the law . 
  because what 's really important in many ways in our day-to-day interactions is much more complicated than the law alone , though it might be a very important factor , certainly . 
   which is why it is absurd to try and categorize it as spanish vs foreigner , as you say it 's far more complicated from the point of view of the law , it does become tricky to try to differentiate between individuals , but it is the duty of lawmakers to try to ensure that those attaining spanish nationality will be good citizens . 
  and it is our duty to be aware of who a person is , to be sensitive to their needs , and to treat them with a certain level of basic respect keeping in mind who they are as a whole . 
  it would not be right to invite a french jew over for dinner and offer him only pork and crab as a main course , but in order to treat him with that level of respect you * must * recognize that he is not just `` french '' but also has a jewish identity . 
  likewise , it is everyone 's duty to recognize that people are not just names , faces , or some national identity . 
  rather , we are all complex people and deserve to be treated as more than just a two-dimensional summary of ourselves on paper . 
  and we need to be aware of the complex nature of others when we deal with anyone else . 
  i think therefore that your last remarks about nationals of a country being nothing more than those bound together by a passport and institutions refects a very sad view of what it means to be a citizen of a country . 
  what brought together the poles in warsaw to fight against their invaders and later on to form a country with other polish-speaking catholics ? 
  what united the portuguese against the spanish invasions a couple hundred years ago ? 
  or the spanish against the french ? 
  why did the french in paris act any differently towards their rulers in 1944 than they did towards their rulers ten years prior ? 
  and why was their reaction different from the reaction of those in frankfurt in that same year towards the same indirect leaders ? 
  because it 's not just a passport or a government that unite us . 
  it is a sense of belonging , a shared culture , a shared world view . 
  sometimes a shared language or religion too , or if not perhaps just some shared belief systems , history , and ancestry . 
  what unites people within a country can even vary a bit from country to country . 
  but we are much more than our legal identities . 
  we can be proud of our country and her accomplishments . 
  we can be ashamed of how we have acted in the past and share a dream for a better future . 
  we can love it enough to be willing to die for it should invaders arrive at our doorstep . 
  and that has much more to do with who we are and how we think that simply the papers that identify us . 
  even , i think , your attitude towards nationality reflects a bit of your frenchness as opposed to what a finn or pole might say . 
  and that does n't mean you 're less right or less wrong . 
  it just means that there is certainly a lot of variation between individuals beyond what the state documents . 
  and it is great that the eu recognizes that each country has a different attitude towards nationality and that each country can follow its own path on who to consider a member . 
  though i disagree with you , i would not consider it appropriate to impose my view upon you or the french government . 
  but by the same token , i hope that no outside view will be forced upon the spanish government , nor that its ability to differentiate between degrees and types of citizenship is impaired . 
  * in varietate concordia * , after all . 
  for the first bit you wrote : a foreigner is someone * of another nation , country , or place * . 
  that can mean they are culturally foreign but legally native , or they could be the converse : culturally native but legally foreign . 
  goodness , even if you follow the royal academy 's 2 ^ nd definition of `` extranjero '' ( foreigner ) you get `` a native of a foreign country '' ( translated ) , and native status is never granted legally to naturalized individuals here . 
  that 's the whole point legally of having a difference between the two types of spanish nationals . 
  and as for the second bit : that 's very narrow-minded to consider legal status as the only reality . 
  you would n't consider a universally recognized corrupt politician in romania a good person and citizen just because the law says his corrupt acts are not crimes and he is in high positions of authority within his country . 
  nor would you consider a government agent in russia to be innocent just because he legally was in the clear when he tortured a foreigner for information and as punshment . 
  morality is not just a legal condition . 
  talent and goodness are not legal statuses . 
  and an individual 's identity is far more complicated that simply the passport he holds . 
  it has to do with his language , the way he things , the way he behaves , the way he looks at the world , the way he interacts with his fellow men . 
  it has to do with culture , tradition , family , history , and genetics too . 
  it 's the intersection of many different factors and to ignore these just to look at a strictly legal definition is a fallacy * ad verecundiam * . 
  a dictator could take power in spain next year , change the law , and suddenly everyone 's legal status and responsibilities could change . 
  but * who they are * , and how they think , the language they share , their worldview , etc. 
  would n't change in a black-and-white manner this way overnight . 
  because fundamentally there can be a huge divide between individuals with the same legal status . 
  just think of religion for a second . 
  how many people are registered as being catholic in your country , but are very much atheist ? 
  how about in germany or some other country with tithes ? 
  there 's a fundamental difference between what someone is on paper and how they actually live , think , and act . 
  to ignore the full reality and just become fixated by what is writted down on paper is to miss a huge part of what makes us who we are . 
  in spain there are two types of citizenship : birthright/origin , and granted/nationalized . 
  those in the latter category are only granted it if they are deemed to have `` earned '' it and if granting them this status is in the benefit of the state . 
  likewise , if it is in the state 's interest not to grant it even if they meet the requirements on paper , it is not granted . 
  and furthermore , granted citizenship can be revoked at any time during the 10 years following acquisition for several reasons including fraud , national security , or damage to the state . 
  it makes sense i think : if you grant foreigners a special legal status based on behaviour and the interest of the state , it should n't be a problem to revoke that status if they violate both of these conditions severely . 
  but none of this means they are by any stretch of the imagination `` lesser individuals '' . 
  no one should be considered inferior just for the passport they hold . 
  rather , they are simply foreigners who have legal status almost equal to a birthright citizen with regards to legal rights because they have merited it and the state has found this status to be in everyone 's best interest . 
  now , given that , just about everyone will refer to them as foreigners that have been nationalized rather than as spanish , for that 's what they are ( `` es un ingl\u00e9s que se nacionaliz\u00f3 '' ; `` es un turco nacionalizado '' ; `` es un ecuatoriano que ya tiene dni y papeles '' ) . 
  being spanish is n't just a legal status ; it 's far more than that , and so everday language reflects that . 
  it 's not a matter of treating people badly or considering anyone else to be your inferior . 
  not at all . 
  but i think it 's simply the case that you miss out on many important elements of cultural , linguistic , and ethnic identity if you ignore that part of what it means to be spanish . 
  i mean , you could even consider someone to be * partially * spanish as well . 
  it 's not a clear cut distinction , and there a whole lot more complexity than whether or not they have some papers in order . 
  take a look at how we treat other eu citizens in our countries . 
  generally very well , i think ( with some exceptions you occasionally hear about , but those are a very minor proportion ) . 
  just because someone is foreign does n't mean they 're a lesser person , nor does it mean you should treat them poorly . 
  and you can grant eu citizens or nationalized individuals a similar legal status to birthright citizens , but that does n't mean you have to stop recognizing that they are at some level foreigners with a special status , not spanish in every sense of the word . 
  spanish citizenship is this : a special status granted to foreigners who merit it . 
  but i consider it quite necessary for the individual receiving this special status to be at least a halfway decent citizen in exchange . 
  if as in this article , the individual violates the prerequisites for this status and his treatment with this special status is a harm to the country , i do n't see why the state should n't cease to recognize it . 
  in spain it 's fortunately legally plausible for it to take place , but it 's not necessarily the case elsewhere . 
  to be honest , i would be in favour of seeing this extended to cover all nationalized individuals found to be terrorists ( or otherwise major criminals ) regardless of dual nationality status or lack thereof . 
  for these individuals it 's no birthright : it 's merely a special grant of priviledges to be considered like a birthright national in exchange for having earned it through behaviour , residency , etc. 
  if the conditions for granting that person special treatment are violated so emphatically , it seems only fair that the status should be revoked without regard to what that person may have done with his other nationality . 
  it has a common framework . 
  though of course countries like the uk and ireland are exceptions , schengen has a common policy towards foreigners entering and the rules concerning their stay , ability to work , etc. 
  the specific requirements , documentation , etc. 
  are up to the country that processes the schengen visa ( the main destination of your trip ) , but all that country does is check to see if the basic criteria it and the other schengen countries impose is met , and whether there are other security issues , etc. 
  if everything is in order , then the processing country issues a schengen visa which is a visa recognized by all eu member states ( again , minus a few exception countries , plus a few outsiders ) . 
  so unless a case falls into either one of the exception visas or one of the exception countries , generally a foreigner wishing to enter must meet basic criteria set by the eu ( as well as a specific country 's additional criteria/scrutiny ) and will be granted a visa valid for all the eu . 
  the maroon ( not technically maroon , but i 'm not good with colours so something red/brown-ish ) passport is for normal government passports . 
  the black is for diplomatic government agents ( consuls , ambassadors , and some supporting individuals ) . 
  dark blue . 
  black is for special government passports . 
  council ? 
  i thought it was just the comission that needed to review it and propose a course of action ? 
  ca n't find anything in there . 
  almost all the posts are talking about how obama set up a fund of taxpayer money to undermine his opponents during the election and afterwards in the media . 
  this is n't anywhere in the first few pages ; at least i ca n't find it . 
  ( but yeah , scrolling through that subreddit is hard and everything is in all caps ) . 
  or just go to canada , costa rica , peru . 
  ketchup on a hotdog ?
