  should it not be blocked , the huge portion of potential voters against independence will boycott it , giving a lopsided result and low turnout which will delegitimate the whole referendum . 
  lastly , spain wo n't recognize the results and unilateral withdrawal would be economic suicide . 
  much more so than anything like grexit or brexit . 
  their economy is way too linked to spain and the rest of the eu and the spanish government would do things like continuing do demand tax from companies in catalonia so catalonia would n't be able to properly tax companies inside it without effectively imposing double taxation on any companies that operate both inside and outside catalonia . 
  etc. , etc. 
  i 'll give you two guesses . 
  whoa , whoa , whoa . 
  we 've made no such promises . 
  eh , depends on the country . 
  in spain it 's just been a political thing ( left loves underdogs and oppression and their ability to paint this picture on palestinians and the evil israeli government is perfect for them ) . 
  same thing with migrants , eu workers , greece/germany and debt , catalunya , venezuela ( prior to the end of last year the left in spain held up venezuela as a model of a good country rising up against oppressive business interests ) , etc. 
  the list goes on . 
  anything the left can do here that 's very public and has a clear evildoer oppressing an innocent oppressed victim is painted that way readily . 
  you 'll find the center and right have much less to criticize israel for . 
  basically , for everything that happens in the world , the left and right in spain paint it in different ways and draw opposite conclusions it seems . 
  so silly . 
  likewise the right in spain seems to think nothing is really a problem or a scandal . 
  oh , a bunch of money dissappeared ? 
  oh , these politicians are super rich ? 
  oh , this law is going to help businesses and harm consumers ? 
  no , none of that 's true . 
  it 's all just silly conjecture . 
  ah , sorry , thought you meant both language on the map ( swedish/english ) . 
  my bad !, 
  in english it seemed to be entirely different from its intended meaning . 
  the phrase `` in time '' normally refers to doing something at a later point in time . 
  so `` for sweden ... 
  eventually '' . 
  um , i think you misunderstand . 
  you 'll be united with belgium , but you 'll be provinces under the spanish king you 'll remain loyal to , as in your anthem . 
  which , there might be , based on the circumstances . 
  at least potentially . 
  i sincerely hope it does n't become a separate country . 
  but regardless , you 're right and it 's silly but you see a lot of facts twisted and things miscontrued with the aim to denigrate israel nowadays . 
  i really think the situation with israel is rare on a worldwide scale with regards to public opinion . 
  i can think of very few other political situations where there are such strong worldwide opinions , such hatred to the opposing sides by totally uninvolved countries and people , and such massive misinformation . 
  feels like at times if i hear a `` news story '' about israel i 'm much more likely to actually hear an opinion piece from someone with a strong viewpoint and agenda who twists facts around to suit themselves rather than actual news . 
  and that makes me sad . 
  we can do a lot to shape our surroundings into echoes of heaven and hell , really . 
  that 's both the beauty and the evil of freedom . 
  well , i guess in the future if they ever wanted to increase the speed or bury sections underground for a full metro , at least they have part of the work already done for them , and the land already prepared . 
  what i really want to see though is line 10 speed up in those parts where it 's not underground . 
  feels like a horse would be faster around casa de campo . 
  i do n't even know why all of this is so slow when above ground , really . 
  it 's not like there are n't surface trains travelling at decent speeds nearby . 
  spain never . 
  i do n't mean it in the sense of spain taking something that belonged to spain before . 
  i mean to say that pays basque ( basically north navarre ) can be taken back to join the rest of navarre and its former possessions pa\u00eds vasco . 
  having navarre and the basque country split the way they are now is a tragedy . 
  one could argue spain took away navarrese independence and that the bourbon dynasty that continued in france after the north navarrese kings deprived of southern navarre are the continued legacy of old navarre , but that 's bollocks . 
  north navarre / pays basque is losing its independence , language , and very identity . 
  the sooner they rejoin the rest of the basque provinces the better . 
  even their old bourbon monarchs are now in spain and not france . 
  we 'll take back upper pays basque then , thank you . 
  edit : rossell\u00f3 too , naturally . 
  yeah , we produce a ton more and yet everyone in the us/canada knows nothing of it . 
  most of italy 's exported olive oil to north america is just rebranded spanish oil marked up in price ( plus what they also take from a few other cheaper countries like turkey and tunisia ) . 
  since us/canadian labeling laws are so lax , they can buy spanish oil , slap a sticker saying bella italia olive oil on the jar , and as long as they only claim it was `` bottled in italy '' or `` manufactured in italy '' but not claim it 's `` italian olive oil '' , `` produced in italy '' or `` grown in italy '' then it 's okay . 
  they do this just because the us/canada for some reason think olive oil = italy , though most eu exports elsewhere are actually spanish in origin . 
  as for quality , you betcha spain makes good oil . 
  terroir matters a lot , and so there are all sorts of different olive varieties and territorial variations . 
  there are regular competitions as well ( similar to those you find with wine and other such products ) . 
  on an eu scale , normally the majority of all the top selected oils in the major competitions are either spanish or italian , with the odd greek or other one mixed in . 
  and yet , in north america , no one knows about spanish oil . 
  and our wine is n't very sought after there either ( france seems to be overly popular instead ) . 
  just a consumer awereness matter and branding issue really . 
  telefonica hate is real . 
  tried to sign up for a new optic fiber line once . 
  four months later : `` sorry , we still have n't got any free technicians available to set your apartment up . 
  plus , we overloaded our switches in your building , so we need to replace that too , but we have n't got any in stock and need to wait another month for the next batch . 
  do n't worry though , we 'll charge you meanwhile because you already have a mobile phone plan with us . '', 
  that company makes my blood boil . 
  customer service is nonexistant and what 's more , to call customer service you have to call one of those high-fee phone numbers that charge you an arm and a leg for each minute of talk time ( separate from whatever your phone company already charges you ) . 
  to anyone who is considering them as an option : no . 
  take a plan that 's only 70 % of the speed or 20 % extra in cost if you can from another company . 
  most of the competition is faster , cheaper , and more reliable anyways . 
  that company is not worth your time or consideration . 
  just get ono , jazztel , vodafone , yoigo , orange , anything at all besides telefonica . 
  also their brand is movistar , so watch out for that name too . 
  next time then !, 
  i 've only managed to go to wallonia once , and i only had two days , but once i have a chance to stay for longer that sounds like a nice plan . 
  ouch . 
  and here i thought we were improving our branding image abroad . 
  it 's been a big goal of the government , anyways . 
  i 'd say our food exports are top notch , just seems like anyone who 's not our neighbor does n't care though . 
  seriously , bruges , ghent , and antwerp are some extremely beautiful places to visit . 
  that said , i made the mistake of visiting charleroi , which might leave a different impression of the country to someone that has n't been to the nicer places . 
  no need to fill up jails to deal with the 5 % difference in votes . 
  kurdish population is about 10 % . 
  solution is obvious . 
  my pet peeve is seeing the word tyrant being used for non\u2010usurpers , but that 's less out of correctness in modern english and more out of habit . 
  also , since you 're such a pro with these , who do you think are the best matches for stalin and mao out of anyone else in the last century ? 
  eh , i think most scholars think it was a few years later than that . 
  screw you too . 
  dragon off the flag ? 
  so saxony ? 
  next up , welsh independence ? 
  i think what killed them was n't that they were eating potatoes . 
  quite the opposite actually . 
  so an englishman with no potatoes .
