if an old man thinks he can make the journey safely , he will be more inclined to . 
  if he thinks it is very dangerous , he probably wo n't . 
  likewise with children and often times with women . 
  it is mostly young men that are less concerned for their well\u2010being . 
  that said , the best thing to deal with those that cross over is to border patrol the ability to swiftly deport incoming illegals . 
  at least to me there is no logical reason why italian police on islands should be forced to find housing and food for massive numbers of illegals rather than simply detaining them for immediate deportation back to their homeland if it is extremely clear that they have just come in moments before from elsewhere illegally . 
  what in castillian/catalan is known as a consulta as differentiated from a referendo is also called a referendum in english . 
  english does not differentiate between the two . 
  romans staged arena fights against animals and between people for ages and ages . 
  hey , i mean that 's what the roman colosseum was mostly used for . 
  as time went on , gladiator fights became expensive and fell out of favour ( due to christianity and whatnot ) , and throughout much of the empire animal fights and human v animal fights also sharply declined , particularly as the empire declined . 
  the old spanish loved the human vs bull fights though , and as these were still possible after the end of the roman empire and were n't too expensive , they kept them going and formalized the fights into a completely new format with much more finesse . 
  eventually , these structured fights ( basically `` dances '' in some sense ) became what they are today . 
  how to cut american cheese : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aug9vig38i, 
  those would be the articles of confederation . 
  hey man , last time i checked , mexico was just south west of france . 
  great place to get good tacos , cheese tortillas , and burritos too . 
  only strange thing is the funny speedy gonzalez accent they all seem to have when they speak mexican . 
  man that 's a redundantly redundant way to say that . 
  for anyone else that 's very confused that an american is talking about paprika and a parliament building ( the us does n't have a parliament ) , that 's the hungarian one . 
  and the cheese looks like this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aug9vig38i . 
  pretty sure russia 's second world ... 
  inner city blacks have great friction with the police and social services , but they absolutely vote for more government regulation of banks , small and large businesses , hiring practices/employment , ( even firearms ) and they support expanding welfare programs , medicare , medicaid , public education , public transportation , employment programs , family planning programs , public hospitals , public health campaigns , public health care/insurance etc. 
  more so to do with immigration from other countries , i think . 
  the previous generation might also more strongly associate this sort of statement/belief with the wars of the last century . 
  that could very well be the case . 
  but it 's hard to deny that even in the degree of nai\u0308vet\u00e9 , having this belief helps motivate people . 
  one other note : in the us this belief ( along with people 's distrust of the government ) actually split the country in a way that many people outside the us are not aware of : right along racial lines . 
  because of historical reasons ( african\u2010americans were liberated from slavery by the government , and were born into poverty due to their ancestors ' slavery ) there is a very clear difference blacks ' and whites ' beliefs in these areas . 
  this difference means that blacks in the us are much , much more ready to accept government involvement and government regulation than their white counterparts ( adjusting for economic and social factors ) . 
  likewise , when asked about conditions of ( their own ) poverty , poor blacks ( vs. poor whites ) are much more likely to express that their inherited circumstances and socioeconomic level , availability of education , discrimination , and lack of government aid ( corruption , etc. ), 
  play a major role . 
  i 'm not saying this to pit groups against one another , or to say anyone or any opinion is wrong , but i just wanted to highlight a major difference in culture within the us that outsiders often do not know . 
  having lived in both , i would agree . 
  i also think that having too much of a heavy dose of `` it 's outside my control '' thinking along with pessimism ( europe has something like 9 out of the 10 most pessimistic countries in the world ) leads to serious problems . 
  it 's just sad to see sometimes . 
  here 's my firsthand experience : i 'm not saying they 're to blame , but i see many more young spaniards here willing to accept that they wo n't get a job in the current market ( you do n't want to know our youth unemployment ) . 
  a few years ago , when people were getting laid off left and right in the us ( 2009 ) i saw most of the young people my age without a job try to create their own ( asking around if people needed help at home , going on websites advertising help in different areas , creating business out of nothing ) . 
  for instance , six of my friends decided to buy cheap imported beer from the next state over and then partnered with a local bar to hold parties where people would try cheap beer from europe that they had never seen before . 
  after a few parties , they made enough to pay for everything and it left them with a nice profit . 
  others tried learning how to build websites and iphone apps so that they could create something in their time off in the hopes that someone would be interested and would buy their apps ( or generate ad revenue ) . 
  there was even one acquaintance who started spending more time with her camera and tried selling photos to magazines and online as stock photos . 
  when people have the perspective that they themselves bear a large part of the responsibility for their success , they 're more willing to find any means possible to succeed to avoid seeing it as their own personal failure . 
  surprising to me : mexico is not north america ? 
  i think most people in the us/mexico would beg to differ . 
  iran is southern asia rather than being central asia ? 
  i 'd just never heard of it being considered that way . 
  i would also consider a few of these to necessarily not fall into a strict category . 
  for instance , putting spain and italy is southern europe is fine , but i would never consider that they were n't also part of western europe . 
  i might even consider georgia , turkey and armenia to be simultaneously west asia and southeastern europe . 
  i wonder how much of that is just them thinking that they ca n't publicly say that they 're superior vs. actually thinking they might be superior ? 
  for the first point : technology contributes , but it 's by no means the only factor here . 
  basically what this is saying is that the purchasing power has quite significantly increased for everyone * on top of * the decreasing cost of many essential ( or luxury ) items and that in addition , the net income ( non\u2010pp ) has also increased . 
  other countries may be experiencing situations where citizens have cheaper goods , but their non\u2010pp net worth is not increasing . 
  this is particularly true in countries whose economies are not growing or are contracting and even more so when their currencies are unstable . 
  mobility in the us is significantly better than in the uk , but significantly worse than the other major countries of europe ( excluding russia and far eastern europe , as everyone seems to do anyway ) . 
  however , i do n't know what is happening to social mobility in europe . 
  it could be increasing or decreasing for all i know . 
  this is strictly true , yes . 
  i just thought that saying that alone was leaving out some of the nuances . 
  see the comments  it 's from the pew research center . 
  okay , let me try to get some good sources which go into detail . 
  meanwhile , i have the following to offer you while i look . 
  video on the topic : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubuex92ckpk edit : i found the following sources listed below . 
  source 4 studied income mobility of its period of study compared with the previous decade . 
  it found that the increase in social mobility over time was within the margin of error , therefore i must retract my previous statement . 
  according to these data ( and their associated statistical significance ) , the gap between rich and poor is growing , but everyone is getting richer in absolute terms ( adjusted for inflation ) , and income mobility between socioeconomic levels is constant over time . 
  sources : 1 . 
  data on household income shares by quintile come from here : http://www.census.gov/hhes/www/income/data/historical/household/ . 
  u.s. census bureau , current population survey , annual social and economic supplements , table h-2 . 
  share of aggregate income received by each fifth and top 5 percent of households , all races : 1967 to 2009 2 . 
  data on mean household income levels by quintile come from u.s. census bureau , current population survey , annual social and economic supplements , table h-3 . 
  mean household income received by each fifth and top 5 percent , all races : 1967 to 2009 . 
  these data can be found here : http://www.census.gov/hhes/www/income/data/historical/household/ . 
  data on relative household income mobility by quintile comes from : u.s. treasury department , ( 2008 ) . 
  income mobility of the united states from 1996 to 2005 , washington , d.c. 
  it can be found here : http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/tax-policy/documents/incomemobilitystudy03-08revise.pdf . 
  data on generational income mobility comes from : isaacs , julia b. 
  economic mobility of families across generations . 
  the brookings institutions . 
  it can be found here : http://www.brookings.edu/~/media/research/files/papers/2007/11/generations%20isaacs/11_generations_isaacs.pdf, 
  these questions are taken from a poll by the pew research center : http://www.pewresearch.org/ ( non\u2010partisan us research group ) . 
  please visit their website for the complete list of questions along with other polls you may find interesting . 
  the graphs i 've linked to all contain the id of the question whose data they represent . 
  study in question : http://www.pewglobal.org/2011/11/17/the-american-western-european-values-gap/, 
  given that the us has a much higher income inequality ( which is increasing ) , the fact that their socioeconomic mobility is also * increasing * is respectable though . 
  basically it means that the differences between rich and poor are growing , but so is the likelihood of a poor man becoming rich . 
  do n't you think though , that in your case , the school and the teacher did n't take it as seriously as they might have in another country ? 
  i find that poor teachers tend not to care too much . 
  i have yet to find a very dedicated teacher so terrible at teaching that i ca n't learn anything . 
  english is the language that 's taught . 
  it 's just spaniards do n't take it quite so seriously , so they wind up only knowing spanish + `` okay '' english ( in addition to native languages if applicable ) . 
  i 'm being pretty loose with the word `` okay '' , btw . 
  you put them next to an american teenager and they wo n't understand half of what comes out of their mouth . 
  a great big thanks to franco for that . 
  without him , english would definitely have far more influence in spain , and the regional languages would have far more influence within their respective territories . 
  frankly , i 'm okay with the strength of castilian spanish vs. english , i only lament that the regional languages are suffering . 
  i should really learn my ancestors ' basque before it 's too late . 
  romany is an uncommon way of spelling romani ( or roma/roms/etc . ) . 
  basically , this guy 's talking about gypsies .
