  do n't say such horrendous things !, 
  no one in their right mind would combine sweetened `` tomato sauce '' with salty and umami hotdog meat . 
  hotdogs need other mildly salty condiments or sides , or even just neutral or slightly oily sauces . 
  like so : [ real hotdog ] ( http://www.viennabeef.com/filebin/images/historyofchicagodog.jpg ), 
  eh , it 's a confederation and eu citizens have eu passports ( issued by a member state , but with a common eu designator and common format ) , and these eu citizens can go to any embassy or consulate of any other eu member state and be treated as if they were in their own . 
  foreign policy decisions are retained powers that each member state exercises independently , but the single market means that eu citizens live and work freely anywhere in the eu . 
  free movement of people within one continuous area in a single market with a single control policy for outside goods and services and common visa policy for nationals of other countries . 
  so the reasoning is , if the eu shares a common policy for visas for foreigners into its territory , other countries should have a single policy for its citizens when traveling to other territories . 
  if you just got a visa then this does n't have any impact on you in the slightest . 
  assuming article 5 is triggered this month , that still means two more years before the uk can do its own thing , and this visa policy move might take effect as early as this year , so there may be some overlap , theoretically . 
  still have to wait to see what the comission decides in june though . 
  nah , it wo n't ruin anyone 's economy , but it will reduce tourism growth in some places by a significant amount ( think london , paris ) . 
  currently us tourists spend more per capita than just about any other tourist in those places that receive us tourists in significant numbers . 
  so yeah , it is tens of billions of dollars in tourism money . 
  will that damage europe 's economy ? 
  hardly , but it will be an unpleasant loss for the biggest cities in the uk , france , italy , and spain . 
  eh , you could flip that data to mean the opposite : proportionally the us sends a lot more tourism money than the eu sends to the us , so the eu has more money to risk/lose if the policy change goes through . 
  but actual notification of the policy to the us ( basically requesting a change ) took place in 2014 . 
  so it was the obama administration that chose to ignore the request whereas canada , japan , and the others which were notified at the same time all changed their policies accordingly . 
  right , now compare that to the process for non-us , non-canadian nationals . 
  if it 's so easy for people in the west to have such an attitude towards kosovo , it 's easy to see how people in the east could have such an attitude towards donetsk and luhansk in ukraine . 
  ... den coninck van hispaengien heb ick altijt gheeert ... -- dutch national anthem, 
  napolitana because it 's italian and the french have no business naming it . 
  your first argument would make sense in a way if two things were to happen : there was a labelling difference to characterise the difference in the product , and if the product were comparable . 
  but what we 're seeing is that some countries do n't just get served a variant product , but rather one which is less healthy and inferior in just about every way . 
  it 's not about taste ; it 's about companies producing inferior product but taking advantage of their brand in order to sell this inferior product . 
  just as we have protected naming to ensure that products sold with certain labels meet certain criteria such as adhering to the same basic recipe , and that goods sold anywhere with a certain protected label are standardized and meet the same criteria , my opinion is that branding too should meet similar restriction because of the tremendous product confusion that can arise when significantly different product is sold with the same label . 
  consumers ca n't tell them apart , so this is a situation where the eu should step in to ensure labelling is fair and unambiguous to the consumer . 
  whether you agree with it or not , the free exchange of goods , capital , and services are three of the basic founding freedoms of the eu single market . 
  they mean that the single market is designed to help individuals and companies located anywhere in the eu purchase , sell , exchange , and move products anywhere in the eu as if this single market were a domestic market akin to that in a former pre-eu country . 
  these founding ideas also imply the tearing down of barriers that might exist to impede these freedoms . 
  if you follow the activity of the commission , you 'll see how they work towards continuing to break down barriers to these freedoms in accordance with their mandate . 
  as for this example scenario , there is no one arguing that companies should be forced to market their products everywhere in the eu . 
  but the idea of the basic freedoms of the single market mean that a purchaser located outside the marketed area should still be able to have access to the goods on a non-discriminatory basis . 
  that would suggest that if he wishes for a specific product sold within the market ( such as nutella ) he should not face discrimination based on his nationality nor place of residence when purchasing this product . 
  and what we see happening is that there is a sort of hidden discrimination whereby it is very hard to get access to the same product because even if a bulgarian were to find the product in some store , he has no way of knowing whether the product being sold is the superior or inferior version ; a problem which does not affect those outside this and a select few other countries . 
  this follows so closely to what the commission has been tasked with rectifying that i would expect the commission to address the matter through legislation before too long . 
  ah , but you see , what i tried to get at before was that many products have limited competition and that allowing identical labelling of different products accross counries impairs proper market behaviour . 
  what you said would be great and work well ideally , but stores have limited shelf space . 
  a product people hardly think of like a chocolate spread is going to be restricted in small stores and its shelf space will be small , so only one or two options will be present . 
  what is a retailer to do ? 
  stock the name brand with recognition that people have exposure to ? 
  or stock alternatives that might taste better but that people might refuse to buy because people may fear its inferiority given the lack of brand recognition ? 
  studies have shown that * brand recognition * is in a great number of cases more important that product quality in many different market segments . 
  you might have the best tasting chocolate spread in the world , but nutella has cornered the market on chocolate spreads in many countries to the point where people are unwilling to buy and stores are unwilling to stock alternatives because they simply have no brand recognition . 
  a similar case you might be familiar with is with heinz ketchup . 
  it 's a generally [ bad product when compared to other ketchups ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2011/may/26/heinz-tomato-ketchup-taste-sauce ) but it is [ very difficult ] ( http://www.mensjournal.com/food-drink/chefs-restaurants/why-it-might-be-time-to-try-a-new-ketchup-20150417 ) to compete with it , even for superior ketchups just because of branding and marketing . 
  heinz has huge resources at its disposal and that makes competing with it fraught with peril . 
  it 's gotten to the point where customers assume anything that is not heinz is a cheap unpleasant imitation , and so they simply wo n't try anything else . 
  nutella has this same effect in certain markets . 
  likewise , try going to a place like russia and finding a dark soda that is n't a variant of coke or pepsi . 
  there may be large markets for these products , but other non-quality-related factors inhibit competition . 
  so as a retailer in bulgaria if you have the choice of buying a product that is superior to nutella to sell alongside it , or instead two types of nutella , many would rather go with two nutellas simply because they know a market exists for the nutella brand , but consumers may not accept a `` knockoff '' product because of the lack of recognition !, 
  a further problem is that creating new competitors is hard , but especially moreso in these poorer eastern countries that we 're talking about . 
  if it 's hard to compete with an established country in france , germany , and austria , imagine how hard it is to compete when you have fewer resources , knowledge , and potential market size in a place like bulgaria . 
  failing to recognize that starting business is hard and significantly harder in specific markets is simply failing to recognize reality and could result in inadvertantly limiting competition or even establishing duopolies or monopolies ( something that is easy to observe as the difficulty in starting a company within that market segment increases . 
  observe the lack of competition in telecom companies vs the plethora of competition in beer ) . 
  and finally , i do n't disagree that manufacturers should be able to create products tailored to specific markets . 
  but i vehemently disagree that they should be allowed to label these tailerored products in exactly the same way within the single market . 
  doing so within the single market is akin to false advertising or product misrepresentation . 
  there is no problem selling ` nutella light ' for bulgarian audiences . 
  the problem is when bulgarians want ` nutella original ' and try to buy it but can not because they can not tell when they are buying original vs light and thus can not make an informed decision and influence the market accordingly . 
  if they had access to both products and each was correctly labeled then market forces could work correctly and the best products would sell with a differential that reflects market values . 
  by hiding this information from the market , such market movement can not happen . 
  this paragraph is a tangent , but actually as markets progress you have a large risk of seeing free market structure break down and competition * decrease * . 
  it 's surprising perhaps , but it 's easy enough for free markets to get distorted over time and have resources coalesce into fewer product types . 
  it 's why there used to be many phone brands and many phone operating systems , but now there 's only android , some ios , and not very much else . 
  it 's the reason for which diagrams [ like this ] ( http://topfoodfacts.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/brandsmed.jpg ) exist . 
  as time progresses , it is common to find a small number of competitors manage to outcompete others , gain popularity , and gain market share . 
  over time , gains in market share starve out competition and you 're left with reduced competition , potentially even leading to a monopoly . 
  this is why monopoly regulation must exist : to ensure that in cases where monopolies arise , their positions are not abused , and that competition is maintained even if maintaining competition involves market interference and monopoly breakups . 
  getting back on topic : the european single market is supposed to allow eu citizens to live in , travel through , and buy in all eu countries as if it were just one big market . 
  that means they should have access to goods and services provided in all parts of the market without prejudice . 
  in an interconnected europe , you can bet that czechs will know very well what german , austrian , slovakian , etc. 
  products are like . 
  and they should be able to access products within the market without discrimination . 
  here though , we see that there is a sort of discrimination taking place indirectly . 
  but to stay on topic : within the single market of the eu there should be an openness and a freedom for knowledge of products and access to them to be equally accessible to all eu citizens . 
  that does imply being able to know how your local products compare to german , frence , on dutch ones . 
  and that is a contributing factor to the proposed free movement of goods of the eu . 
  lastly , you discuss with the mindset that competition is going to be present , access to entering the market is easy , and that the competition itself is fair . 
  but that 's precisely what is * not * happening with these situations . 
  competition is not fair , because the consumer can not know whether he is purchasing the ` good ' version of a branded product or the ` bad ' one . 
  market entry is not possible because of limited financial resources , investment , technical knowledge , and manufacturing capacity given required initial startup capital . 
  and competition is n't necessarily going to be present because of market collusion . 
  for that last remark , take this case : romania has no equivalents to vegemite . 
  vegemite wishes to expand into the country , and given that enough people like the concept of vegemite already in order to launch , they launch a cheap version knowing that these interested parties will be enough to be profitable . 
  their competitor marmite sees vegemite 's entry into the romanian market and decides to launch its own product , but knows that since there is only bad competition waiting for them , they can launch a bad alternative product instead . 
  so they launch it , and the quality stays terrible in romania . 
  why does n't competition fix this , and why do n't the two companies start a quality war to the benefit of consumers ? 
  because vegemite realizes that starting such a war would decrease its profits on product sold by x whereas stealing marmite 's market share by outcompeting them would only allow them to gain y extra profit where x  y. 
  they have more to lose than to gain by trying to outcompete marmite . 
  and likewise , the reverse may be true for marmite . 
  what we are seeing in eastern block countries is this on a massive scale accross many product categories . 
  foreign companies looking to enter markets see the lack of competition in the country and thus enter with products that allow them to make a substantial profit . 
  and they realize that if they do not compete rigourously with other companies they stand to gain more than they could gain through competition by grabbing additional market share . 
  all it takes is for one company to start a competition war for the whole system to collapse and competition to start , but that 's the snitch : though many companies enter romania 's markets from abroad recently , all either come to the same logical decision not to compete , or else there are not enough new players to have even one decide illogically ( or logically in other cases ) to start a price or quality war . 
  perhaps surprisingly , * many * product categories can not support high levels of competition in modern markets . 
  stores have limited shelf space , consumers have limited memory , advertising costs prevent small players from competing , etc. 
  so accross many product categories , competition remains stagnant and consumers must deal with bad products .
