  what can change this ? 
  besides regulation at the short term , over the long term having more money spent in a market sector could make the calculus change and trigger a turf war to start . 
  local companies can also enter with a different set of financial constraints that allow them more freedom to compete . 
  and so on . 
  but sadly , entering a market is quite hard in many cases . 
  lets say that you noticed that nutella in your country is bad . 
  if you 're a professional confectioner in bulgaria great , but bulgaria is small ( ish ) so there are n't as many professional confectioners able to start a product line as compared to france or germany . 
  even if you are one , having the ability to lead , the knowhow to go through the product design and marketing phases and the company startup process is a big challenge . 
  and if you somehow make it through all these hurdles , you still have far more at risk than the large companies so competing with them will be difficult , especially since you as a bulgarian entering a completely new market with no other bulgarian companies involved will present a slew of challenges in its own right . 
  and so in small ( ish ) , poor ( ish ) countries of the east , competition can be hard to foster . 
  and acting as if it were easy will not result in positive change happening for consumers so much as treating the market as hard to penetrate and requiring `` help '' along the way . 
  but all of this is a sidenote . 
  my main concern was simply that customers should not be impaired from knowing what they are buying by being subjected to identical labelling on different quality products without any sort of qualifiers . 
  most especially within a single market . 
  my main point is that consumers can not know without doing market research that they are not buying the same product they expect to buy , as the branding and labelling hide that from them . 
  they might know a product through experiences in a different country and wish to buy that product , but can be deluded into buying a different product because the manufacturer puts the same label on it . 
  as for your remark : sometimes there are options . 
  sometimes manufacturers produce one variant and push that into a market forcefully by selling it as the only locally approved version ( this is the biggest problem and you see it especially clearly with digital products , but it exists in many , many other areas ) . 
  with nutella you have market impairment : nutella has created a version for some markets and pushes retailers to use this version . 
  thus competition is not easily possible . 
  for other things like detergents your point is a fair one . 
  yes , there are many detergent types and retailers can choose which to stock . 
  the same point about mislabelling still stands in this case . 
  in addition , in this case there is also market collusion , this time between retailers which know that they can charge a certain price for a certain level of product and know that consumers will have no choice but to buy such a product because all the other retailers will stock similar products knowing how much they can charge for it . 
  a smart consumer could buy product accross the border . 
  a nice retailer could buy the superior product and hope that his customers will realize the difference in product quality . 
  but if a customer buys ` tide ' detergent in one store that sells the superior product , likes it , and then sees the same ` tide ' detergent label on a cheaper package in a different store , he will prefer to buy from the cheaper store as he expects to be purchasing the same product given that it has the same label . 
  and he would be deceived . 
  meanwhile , the nice retailer will be out of a customer because his customer thinks he has found a better cheaper retailer elsewhere and will likely not know that he has actually not bought the same product . 
  free markets are great and truly fair , balance , and appropriately regulated markets are the best economic system we have . 
  but here we have breakdowns in fundemental properties of free markets that result in the benefits of free markets breaking down . 
  for free markets to work , parties need to be properly informed and have readily available access to information to allow them to make decisions in their best interest . 
  competitors must not have unfair advantages , and there need to be sufficient competitors for competition to even happen in the first place . 
  by protecting the core elements of free markets we can do a better job of ensuring that the benefits of such markets are available to everyone and that no country is unfairly affected due to a breakdown in free market structure . 
  i think you did n't really get my point , so let me elaborate on this fictitious scenario . 
  prentend that i 'm a bulgarian and that i visited france and liked the nutella there . 
  i want to buy it in my country . 
  i go to the store in my country ( not france ) and see nutella . 
  i buy it because i liked nutella . 
  but i am not actually buying real nutella . 
  unbeknownst to me , what i am buying is actually `` cheapo nutella '' , sold only in my country and nowhere else and hidden under the nutella label as if it were the same product . 
  that 's misleading customers , just as much as selling a `` hamburger '' that contains only horsemeat and rice filler is deceptive and selling `` wine '' that is actually grape juice with vodka added is deceptive . 
  it 's putting a label on a product that is not what customers expect to buy in order to sell a cheap unwanted product and to increase profits . 
  the uk has a major problem with restaurants offering customers certain fish and actually serving a different cheaper fish variety knowing that customers will not be able to reasonably do anything about the switch . 
  the same thing happens with extra virgin olive oil . 
  france in the past had an issue with such improper labels on certain wines . 
  it 's an issue of truth in labelling . 
  in addition to this , some products by their nature are not open to competition or can not effectively be competed against given an economy 's constraints . 
  how many chocolate + nut spreads do you expect to find in bulgaria ? 
  not many , and therefore if you want such a product you basically have a ` virtual ' monopoly within the country . 
  the chocolate + nut company could do whatever they want within reason and anyone who wants chocolate + nut products would have no choice in the matter besides simply having to go without any chocolate + nut product if the difference in quality got to be too bad . 
  let 's try another example : let 's say you want to buy a computer , but intel in your country only sells processors that run 70 % as fast despite using the same labels . 
  who are you going to turn to ? 
  amd does not provide sufficiently similar products in many categories , and they have n't the resources to equal intel in most . 
  who else is there for x86 ? 
  you 're stuck because there exists a ` local monopoly ' of sorts where your product category has essentially only one real option available and therefore there is not free and open competition . 
  it 's nice to say ` oh , just help there be more competition ' , but the barriers to entry into the x86 chipset market are just too high . 
  likewise , as sad as it sounds , it 's not really possible for local nutella-like companies of high quality to suddenly pop up in bulgaria all of a sudden to be able to compete properly with nutella . 
  it 's just not realistically possible . 
  what can you do ? 
  at least just regulate it so products sold under one label can not be switched for other products using an identical label without qualifiers , for starters . 
  ensure customers know that they are buying ` nutella bulgarica ' vs actual ` nutella original ' so that they can make informed decisions . 
  also demand quality standards where possible , and regulate the use of fillers and unwanted elements in products if appropriate . 
  lastly , open up the european maket further so that barriers to international trade and sales are not unduly hindered so that spaniards can buy portuguese towels without a hassle and germans can buy french wines without the barriers to trade that currently make that challenging ( language difficulties , tax issues , excessive shipping charges , etc. ), 
  i agree wholeheartedly . 
  we really need regulation to ensure that two things happen : treating brands and product names as product definitions to ensure that companies must not mislead customers by improperly labelling different products with the same label/brand/mark ( which would essentially be selling a false product to someone as they expected the `` real '' product ) . 
  and secondly , opening up the european market to ensure that eu citizens wherever they may be have fair access to the same goods and services provided to other eu citizens elsewhere . 
  what i mean by this second point is that it should not be possible to `` region lock '' their product to prohibit the sale of one version in a different country , whether forcefully or simply through contracts and market manipulation . 
  and the barriers to cross-country trade must be lowered to allow for the easier purchase of goods and services from other places . 
  capitalism is n't one company abusing their position as dominant in a certain market to exploit that market for profit . 
  it 's not hiding facts about your product or exploiting lies about it . 
  capitalism is having companies compete fairly in a truly `` free '' market ( not unregulated , but rather free as in balanced and fair ; open to competition and truly free for anyone to join in without unfair restrictions ) . 
  this is not any of that . 
  here , it 's simply companies abusing their good name in some countries to sell shoddy product elsewhere and use their market position to push inferior quality products to maximize their profits . 
  that 's not capitalism . 
  that 's not fair competition . 
  that 's abuse of power to cheat the poor and disadvantaged . 
  that 's greed , deceit , and abuse . 
  an example : back when monopolies were a major threat to various world economies and could simply squash competition , that was likewise not capitalism . 
  was it private ownership of enterprise and the means of production ? 
  yes . 
  was it companies acting to maximize their profits and to act without unfair government regulation ? 
  yes . 
  was there free and open competition ? 
  not a chance . 
  thus a situation where you have a monopoly might have some of the hallmarks of capitalism , but if you miss a big one like `` free and open competition '' then it 's not really capitalism . 
  just some bastardization . 
  here , it 's not a free market either . 
  it 's simply companies abusing their position to put their label that promises a certain degree of quality and identity to their products , and use that label disingenuously to mislead customers into believing that they are buying something that they are not actually buying . 
  here customers do not have complete information and can not make informed purchases between options in a proper manner . 
  therefore , this is not some method of fair capitalism taking place but rather an abuse of power within what should be a capitalistic system but which is bastardized for profit , just as the market was abused and capitalism bastardized when monopolies abuse their power . 
  it 's not capitalism . 
  it is , like i said , companies taking advantage of their position and a lack of proper regulation to ensure the freeness and fairness of the market for their own gain . 
  it 's exploiting weaknesses in the system in an unfair way . 
  imagine this : i really want to buy nutella that i liked in france . 
  nutella only sells inferior product in my country . 
  what am i to do ? 
  forego my desire for nutella ? 
  have a local company blatantly steal their recipe and make an exact copy ? 
  there are no options where i can buy a proper quality product that i desire .
