  gibraltar is n't part of schengen ( nor is the uk ) . 
  therefore , just like the uk has border checks on continental europeans who want cross its border , spain can have border checks on its border with the non\u2010schengen gibraltar as well . 
  it 's just the degree of border control that is different here . 
  what the hell is the guy in the first video thinking i wanted to punch him in the face and drag him to safety . 
  he is really , really lucky the windows did n't shatter and cut him into pieces . 
  also the suction could have dragged him from the window and thrown him out of the building . 
  i 'm guessing tornadoes are n't that common out there , but man , the texan in me was freaking out seeing him next to windows when you could directly see the funnel a mere quarter mile away . 
  [ it 's okay , sweden . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpbw-o9hk1e ), 
  head\u2010on collision ? 
  colour me skeptical ... 
  missing the vatican and depending on your take , kosovo . 
  also , it might be nice to include countries/territories that are not completely sovereign ( faroe islands , gibraltar , etc. 
  in the us those that have heard of these brands have stereotypes of these brands that are a little negative . 
  they 're supposedly cheap french brands that break down easily and that are almost toys compared to other cars . 
  in us cities smaller cars are very , very slowly starting to catch on , but there 's a reason that european\u2010style small and economy cars have n't sold well . 
  this is correct . 
  buy a product in one state from a different state and state taxes do not apply . 
  only federal sales taxes would apply , but those currently do not exist . 
  you filthy anti-european . 
  \u0301\u0301 [ europe , hell yeah !, 
  mind , there 's a huge difference between dry heat and humid heat . 
  spain might technically be `` right\u2010to\u2010work '' , but in reality firing employees is very hard and expensive . 
  say an employee has been working for twelve years . 
  if you wanted to fire him for no reason , in spain you 'd have to pay him a massive amount of money to let him go because he 's been there so long . 
  meanwhile in the us they 'd get a couple months ' salary and that 's it . 
  http://satwcomic.com/if-it-was-hetalia also norway and denmark : http://satwcomic.com/norway-in-denmark, 
  yes . 
  the pp has n't been particularly strong in catalonia for some time . 
  the increasing popularity of ciudadanos is exacerbating the issue . 
  however , even these `` natives '' were not the original inhabitants that spread agriculture . 
  slow , inefficient , and lack drive or motivation to do much . 
  people here often get complacent , and do n't bother doing things that are uncommon , unpopular , different , novel , or otherwise difficult or extraordinary . 
  there 's something to be said about being content the way you live , but here people are just too happy to sit back , have a comfortable time doing what they 've always done or whatever is the basic amount that is expected of them , and then spend whatever other time they have having fun . 
  great place to live , but a terrible place for getting things done or producing innovation . 
  also people are a bit too insular sometimes . 
  also you have some people that follow the left\u2010wing camp , some that follow the right\u2010wing camp , and they 're all too happy to insult each other , disregard each other 's political opinions on principle ( rather than on disagreement about content ) , and generally refuse to comprimise or to respect the other side . 
  lots to do with the civil war 's legacy in that sense , really . 
  by saying `` that 's rich '' i mean that it 's funny as it 's so fantastic and improbable in my opinion . 
  nothing to do with being hypocritical . 
  and you got ta admit , this flag does n't look half bad : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a8/bandera_de_iberia.svg/800px-bandera_de_iberia.svg.png but yeah , i 'll check those out . 
  time to pack now !, 
  they 're bickering over the word . 
  chocolatine = petit pain = pain au chocolat ( = napolitana where i 'm from ) . 
  it 's a certain viennoiserie that consists of flakey bread with a chocolate filling , but there are bloody wars fought over the correct nomenclature for it . 
  parisians say pain au chocolat , southerners say chocolatine , etc. 
  would it seem more or less retarded if i told you we created lots of versions of them , including ones like [ this ? 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0a/napolitanas_de_jam%c3%b3n_y_queso.jpg ) ( that 's ham inside it , btw ) . 
  i know using the word chocolatines is a bit controvertial , but if i called them a napolitan like everone does here in spain , only the spaniards would understand me ( napolitans is derived from n\u00e1poles , our word for naples , italy , where they were invented ) . 
  at least all the french here understand what i 'm talking about . 
  in spain we just call them napolitanos ( as in naples , italy ) . 
  well , sorta . 
  see malta has a language wish is sorta derived from a blend including arabic , which is not indo\u2010european , but it 's only been there about a thousand years . 
  before then other languages were spoken on malta ; it 's not original . 
  same with turkic and mongolic . 
  now uralic and some of the caucasian languages indeed are original as far as we can tell , and are non\u2010indo\u2010european , so i 'll concede that to you there . 
  just note that hungarians who are the largest uralic speakers are not originally from there ; they came from the east . 
  but the sami , finnish etc. 
  certainly seem to have inhabited the same area while preserving their ancient language . 
  no , you come to me  we 'll even put you on top of leon , castille , and the rest in the coat of arms [ like we did back in the day . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e8/full_ornamented_coat_of_arms_of_philip_ii_of_spain_%281580-1598%29.svg ) even your nobel prize winners say so : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2007/jul/17/books.spain come back lil ' bro . 
  we miss you :3, 
  you 're welcome to become south galicia though if you really want to unite with them . 
   side note : going to lisbon for the first time in a few hours . 
  any suggestions ? 
  ( rough ) bit of background about this : prelude : the muslim moors ( moroccans and arab invaders ) successfully conquered the old visigothic kingdoms in most of the iberian peninsula shortly after these visigothic kingdoms were created from the remnants of the roman empire . 
  the moors came in with such strength ( numbers , experience , etc. ), 
  that they managed to conquer most of the peninsula until they were stopped by charles martel ( grandfather of charlemagne ) near the modern\u2010day spanish -- french border . 
  however , the moors found it difficult to conquer those areas of the north that had a difficult geography . 
  the far north was protected by mountainous terrain was colder and wetter than the rest of the peninsula . 
  this , the remoteness , and the relative unimportance to the moors permitted the area to be relatively free from moorish occupation . 
  accordingly , the visigothic nobles from the old visigothic kingdom based in toledo decided to take refuge there . 
  though they had no kingdom , there were several different tribes/peoples which continued to live relatively free from the moors and used the old roman roads and settlements . 
  further east , in the northeastern corner of spain ( labelled basque on the map ) there was the increadibly important northern passage through the pyrenees mountains . 
  the romans had never managed to fully control this , because the local basque peoples had offered continual resistance ( indeed , they are the only surviving language in europe that is non\u2010indo\u2010european , and may be the remnants of languages spoken by some of the original inhabitants of europe , or alternatively , of the first farming people to come , depending on who you ask ) . 
  the basques as a result were the only language on the peninsula not to derive from latin , and were rather independent in many ways . 
  charlemagne conquered their biggest city , pamplona , during the period of fighting the original moorish invaders , and destroyed the city walls , making pamplona easy to conquer . 
  pamplona thus changed hands a couple times between the franks and the cordoba caliphate , but eventually the basques broke free of both and formed the indepentent kingdom of navarre . 
  beginning of map : as time went on , the tribes of the north grew in strength , and though at first they fought between each other , they fought in alliances against the muslim regions . 
  the caliphates of the muslim world also underwent turmoil , which contributed to a significant reduction in the moorish occupation 's relative strength and power . 
  asturias was founded in a remote area of the north with little moorish presence when the only nearby moors were defeated . 
  asturias began to expand and build fortifications conquering land that would become various counties . 
  some of these broke away from asturias during some infighting , and thus castille and galicia were born ( galicia rather was re\u2010established technically ) . 
  asturias a bit after its formation changed capitals to the city of leon ( asturian is a separate dialect/language , but appears on the map as leonese ) and became the kingdom of leon , and ended up absorbing the kingdom of galicia under it . 
  these christian kingdoms of the north eventually started to chip away at the moorish\u2010controlled regions . 
  at first , opportunistically , when they detected momentary weakness in defenses in regions close by to them . 
  eventually , they became strong enough to wage full\u2010strength military campaigns and wars against the moors . 
  during this , castille and leon united themselves under one king . 
  they , and the other kingdoms that gradually began to be consolidated began expanding southward displacing the moorish invaders . 
  it is important to note that in many cases , the border areas between the christian kingdoms and the moorish regions could be completely desolate , with native populations being evacuated according to the religion of the inhabitants , so that for much of the reconquest , there was a need to repopulate old cities and towns once conquered . 
  castille/leon eventually united with aragon ( who by this point had united with catalunya ) , and through the famous marriage of isabella of castille and ferdinand of aragon , all the major christian kingdoms of the north were united under a single monarchy ( whith the exceptions of the independent basque navarre , and portugal in the west , which had broken away from asturias early on and had not been reincorporated ) . 
  at this point , we are between the maps for 1400 and 1500 . 
  second half : with this new strength of a united christian north , isabel and ferdinand finished the job and removed the last traces of the moorish caliphates from the peninsula . 
  as isabel 's castille was the most important kingdom of all at the time , the monarchy chose to operate using castillian as its main language , though naturally each kingdom continued using its corresponding language for most local purposes . 
  as the united kingdoms of castille and aragon grew in wealth and power ( particularly after the isabella comissioned columbus ' explorations ) castillian grew in importance , and began to displace the use of the the closely related languages of asturian/leonese , and aragonese , among others ( some not shown on map ) . 
  also , castille decided to conquer basque navarre in the north , and incorporated it into its possesions , uniting the entire peninsula except for the portugal . 
  there was a brief period visible on the map when portugal was united under the same monarchy , but the monarchy ruled in such a way that the nobility in portugal was displeased , and through a surprise coup they broke away again and created a new separate monarchy . 
  you might notice that while all the languages under the spanish monarch tended to shrink as castillian grew in influence , catalan in the east remained relatively stable . 
  this is due to two main factors : the economic and in many ways political center of the crown of aragon in the peninsula shifted from saragossa ( aragon ) to barcelona ( catalunya ) at one point , and catalan became the primary language of the crown . 
  this crown had extensive possessions throughout the mediterranean and depended on catalan as its lingua franca whereas castillian was relatively unknown in those parts ( think sicily , naples , sardinia , corsica , minorca , majorca , etc. ) .
