my mother told me she had an uncle ( or great uncle ) who lived in the usa . 
  he apparently had a huge ranch/farm . 
  back in the 70s he used to fly back to the netherlands once or twice a year to visit family . 
  he was all american ; he wore a white suit , a moneybelt ( only notes , smallest note is ~ 10 $ ) and a big ` cowboy ' hat . 
  quite a striking appearance , also note that back then most people hadnt even seen white suits , all you see was black-brown . 
  so he was this one man in white in a sea of black , visiting his family and handing everyone some bills from his belt before leaving again after a couple of days . 
  btw my great uncle is a historian who wrote a very thick book about my mothers family , getting back in the family records a far as possible . 
  there are quite a few branches that ended in immigration to north america . 
  if i search for my mothers family name on the [ liberty ellis foundation website ] ( https://www.libertyellisfoundation.org/passenger-result ) i also found 6 results with that name in combination of the city my family is from , dating from 1893-1920 ) . 
  never really looked into it any further though . 
  so i sure have some very extended family in the usa/canada . 
  i just dont know who :d, 
  i absolutely hate to leave them open when it 's dark outside . 
  it feels like living in a display window of a shop where everyone can see you but you ca n't see them . 
  i do n't understand why most of my countrymen leave them open . 
  edit : ofcourse blinders in the bedroom , i thought that was a given . 
  i dont need to wake up at 4:30 when the sun rises . 
  also need to block that freaking streetlight out thats on window height . 
  grrrr . 
  usually socks , rarely barefoot . 
  when it 's really cold in winter i 'll get my slippers . 
  and where are you from / what is your first language ? 
  i must have missed that news item you talk about . 
  the only russian news i remember seeing/reading this week was a mh17 related inquiry and an item about a russian lgbt activist who fled to the netherlands . 
  generally i only see news about larger political matters or things that are directly related to the netherlands . 
  an item like you described could be part of the nos summer columns , correspondents abroad then show more everyday matters . 
  was that it ? 
  i was really impressed by the memeness of ljubisa preletacevic beli , a serbian politician , especially his [ campaign video . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcldw7k86gg ), 
  142 liters . . on average ? 
  how much some people might be drinking to bump up that avg boggles my mind . 
  no , not that i know of . 
  we had them for our previous coin , and various nicknames for all the different values and bills . 
  but that has disappeared too . 
  perhaps it takes time for new nicknames to emerge . 
  maybe some people use nicknames for the euro , but not on a national scale . 
  whenever work allows it , somewhere between 1 - 15:30 . usually sneak in my lunch while working . 
  dutch peoples reaction to anyone learning dutch : `` why ?! '', 
  acadamy award for best actor in case people forgot . 
  he just has a bad habit of spending all his money really quickly , then takes like any shitty film role for the money and manages to deliver some truly cringy performances . 
  i really dont like 2 +1 roads . 
  all those idiots that still try to take over as the road narrows back down from 2 to 1 . 
  it sure keeps you awake as you have to watch out for that happening every couple of kms i much much rather have 2 +2 roads . 
  the shop basically vouches for the quality . 
  if a shop skims on quality and starts selling bad stuff , the word will get out pretty fast . 
  they will ruin their reputation , which is bad for business . 
  so any coffeeshop will take care to sell good stuff . 
  cia secret head quarters in europe then . 
  that hurts man ... 
  the method we used for dutch literature in high school was actually called gutenberg . 
   also , look at the czech republic and slovakia , which used to be one country . 
  the czech republic did n't join the euro zone and slovakia did , and now the czech currency has skyrocketed compared to the euro and their economy has grown faster than slovakia 's . 
  there are a lot more variables in that equation than just the euro . 
  so it 's a pretty shitty comparison like that . 
  however if you could find a proper study that takes the whole scope of social and economic policies and demographics into account and determines how much the effect of the euro is , it would be a different thing . 
  depends on how much money he 's making . 
  you ca n't conclude that the prices in the uk are more out-of control from this information alone . 
  true again . 
  if you can get a ticket that cheap i 'd take the plane too . 
  i guess it will just depend on how cheap you can get those tickets . 
  and if the money you save on the bus us worth it to you . 
  but if op decides to travel by bus he can split his journey from berlin to paris in smaller trips . 
  a flixbus road trip will make you see more of germany and france along the way . 
  but i have no clue what kind of journey op is planning to make . 
  yeah true , but the fact that i do n't need to take public transport to the airport is saving me some more money as well . 
  getting to the airport is like half the price of the flixbus ticket already, 
  ` flixbus ' is my go to for cheap transport . 
  berlin - paris is listed at 39 euro . 
  but you can depart from many places, 
   presidential systems are often ` winner decides , loser is ignored ' systems which often causes a divide in society . 
  since political parties are always against each other . 
  the dutch were pretty good at colonizing and enslaving people in the 17th century . 
  it entered the history books as the ` gouden eeuw ' ( golden century ) . 
  uhh , i mean it was because of how trade , art and science flourished of course ... 
  i second this . 
  if they were having chewing gum then there is a lot of sticky to remain, 
  rofl , how can anyone take you seriously ? 
  clowning about on reddit like this . 
  i really hope youre just a dedicated troller , especially with that username . 
  c'mon , the netherlands is more than just amsterdam :'(, 
  0,3 l glasses are fine for me . 
  and when having dinner in a restaurant i 'm more of a wine/beer/water guy anyway . 
  also if you ask for water , most restaurants will serve you a bottled water ( glass bottled , not plastic ) , spa , chaudfontaine . 
  same for soda 's , glass bottles so small you can pour them in a 0,3 l glass . 
  must be a novelty for americans . 
  war versus spain does n't seem very relative anymore . 
  we could always split belguim . 
  we will ally with the north while you can take the south . 
  i know for trains in the netherlands ( ns ) the general rule is , if it folds you can take it with you for free . 
  if possible in the designated spot for bikes , carriages with those spots will have a bike decal and are usually at the front or the back of the train . 
  you 're only allowed to take a regular bike outside rush hour and you have to pay a fee for it . 
  oh and dont worry , your bike folds enough for the dutch trains , 
  theres no need to apologize . 
  it was clear the moment i started reading . 
  i just thought it was funny  p.s are you from canada ? 
  bit off topic , but when i saw the title i was puzzled what country ce was . 
  ee = estonia se = sweden ce = ??? 
  but i get it now , 
  if a certain ` y ' made word doesnt exist yet , you can make it yourself . 
  isnt that how language works ?
