god no !, 
  european demands do n't fit the reality of middle east . 
  implementing eu laws and protocols will turn turkey into a cucked dysfunctional hippy state . 
  we are surrounded with wars and terrorism . 
  and with strict adherence to western laws , we would be crushed by anyone in the middle east . 
  turkey should show middle finger to eu , abolish the laws which we implemented for the hope of accession , and turn back to our roots . 
  these people has no spine . 
  they used to be the biggest erdogan supporters . 
  lol ... 
  the man who runs this newspaper is an islamist preacher . 
  he has shady ties with u.s. during cold war u.s funded his organisation against the spreading of communism . 
  and from 2002 to 2012 he had great ties with erdogan but because of some monetary issues he became the biggest opposition of erdogan . 
  he currently lives in pennsylvania , us . 
  and despite the requests american authorities do n't hand him over to turkey . 
  if turkey is turning into a shithole because of incompetent leaders , g\u00fclen movement has huge responsibility . 
  the eu should pay for the migrants and refugees to fly to europe . 
  it would be more efficient and more humane . 
  europe has the means and the money . 
  get on it europe . 
  fsa is almost non-existent , there are just various islamist groups which us approaches with suspicion . 
  and ypg would n't fight a strong russian-backed assad . 
  they have been cannon fodders against isis , because in the end they would grab some land and become famous . 
  they got what they want , they grabbed the land , they became famous . 
  they wo n't risk their gains just because some american chickenhawks want to remove russian-iranian influence in syria . 
  eventually ypg may even fight against american interests in the future . 
  they are communalists . 
  idelologically they are against every value us holds . 
  but today they need us for survival . 
  i genuinely believe american foreign policy makers are ultimate morons . 
  we must be all thanking nato & us for fucking up the middle east and north africa . 
  just think about the backlash if turkish coast guard had de-infliated the refugee boats belong to syrians ... 
  but it 's ok when europeans do it , lol . 
  baww , turkish police ruin their rights to possess rpgs and anti-tank mines . 
  without 2nd amendment rights kurds will never be free !!, 
  us does n't have allies but interests . 
  erdogan made a very brave move by denying to be cannon fodders for cleaning the mess us has caused , of course they will forge some evidence to make him look bad . 
  eh , [ turks were fighting ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ottoman%e2%80%93wahhabi_war ) against wahhabi lunatics since their very existence , these people were in check , they were near their extinction . 
  french and british decided to give them a state , gees , how things turned out now ... 
  however , there are also secondary reasons why isis exists today but still us has the big responsibility . 
  their de-baathification policy in iraq was destined for doom , they thought they can pull the same stunt which mcarthur did in post-war japan , in a non-industrialized nation full of tribes and different minorities , they treated iraq as a homogenous entity - except kurdish parts . 
  they ignited a sectarian war . 
  maybe it was part of their grand plan , us foreign policy makers are known to start wars . 
  but still us has no right to point fingers to others as if they are not responsible for things going wrong in the middle east . 
  and americans ( there are many americans on this website ) are roused to believe the most illogical , hfcs-fueled fantasies to fight for the interests of their masters . 
  show these people an `` enemy '' and they 'll start barking and biting right away , point them another way , with a completely different story , and they 'll be howling that way . 
  these people were chanting taliban strong , kills evil communists and a decade later sending their sons off to afghanistan ... 
  there is no need for demagogy , asking for rights and asking for land are quite different things . 
  i 'm sure europeans and americans would treat their minorities differently if they were fighting for land and a seperate state , as we already witness in eastern europe . 
  us invasion of iraq is the main reason why there is an isis today . 
  they are just trying to blame others for their own failure . 
  so , for the russians , leaving their homes in baltic states and ukraine is an obligation , but kurds must stay so they have their own country , meanwhile they have other options like living in iran , iraq ( krg ) , syria or seeking asylum in an european country . 
  nice double standards m8 . 
  probably you also have never been there too , why do you care ? 
  your logic is total non-sense . 
  why does n't us give land to hispanics and blacks , why does n't europeans give lands to their minorities ? 
  what do you think about ukraine , baltic states and finland giving lands to russians ? 
  eh , it 's the western propaganda mate , mystification at its finest , they write the story like as if turkey had donated some nuclear dirty bomb to isis ... 
  but in reality the `` usb drives '' they found in the middle of syria has some information about isis selling oil to turkey . 
  and even i can plant some fake evidence in some random usb drives . 
  you miss the part that pkk attacks turkey . 
  turkey is quite indifferent to pkk-ypg 's fight against isis . 
  and sorry , i do n't believe american stories . 
  us has a bad habit of fraudulently concealing economic and geostrategic purposes of foreign intervention . 
  sinking of uss maine in 1898 , gulf of tonkin incident , the reason for invading grenada and panama , iraqi wmds were all hoaxes . 
  i do n't believe anything coming from us . 
  i do n't even believe that there has been a raid on isis cell in the middle of syria , where americans captured some usb drives . 
  undeniable like the iraqi wmds ? 
  right ? 
  you are obviously an anti-turkish racist skinhead who only has minimal information about pkk and turkey , but you like the pkk terrorists because they are attacking us . 
  now you can go back to your skinhead dreams where hitler saves europe . 
  there is no need to have a reasonng with these skinheads like / u/lemontolha , they will always come up with stupid reasons how turks deserve to be killed in terror attacks . 
  just think about the shitstorm if turkish parliament had invited an isis commander to give speech to parliament members , just one day before paris attacks ... 
  but when europeans do it , it 's fine ... 
  french would n't mourn for turkish people died in terror attacks ... 
  furthermore , their government supports pkk terrorists . 
  mourning for french in turkey is the dumbest thing ever . 
  fortunately our people in stadium showed the right reaction . 
  also you are a funny guy , you were trying to justify pkk 's suicide attacks directed at turks and now you talk about decency and understanding . 
  now the terrorism which you love hit you . 
  and you cry foul ... keep crying bitch . 
  islamists also fight an independence war in hope they can draw their own borders in france . 
  you should understand them and stop calling them terrorists . 
  when was the last time french mourned for turkish people died in terror attacks ? 
  i do n't remember such an instance . 
  but french government supports pkk terrorists against turkey and even in this thread french people justify pkk 's terror attacks directed at turks . 
  at such circumstances , that 's just a normal reaction . 
  mourning french in turkey is a dumb idea . 
  leftists and secular lost , that 's a good day to be humble . 
  fascist ? 
  that 's so unoriginal mate . 
  btw you reminded me even an obvious terrorist supporter like you can claim moral high ground anyhow , and being anti-turkish and talking about the sake of turks at the same time is possible if you have no shame . 
  reddit keeps suprising me everytime . 
  thanks for caring about turks . 
  it 's really appreciated . 
  your love of turks and turkey really brought tears to my eyes . 
  next time when pkk terrorists kills a turk , i 'll remember that they are killing us just because how much they care about goodwill and sake of turkish people . 
  as expected you have no dignity or whatsoever . 
  i 'd not expect much from a terrorist group supporter like you . 
  you have used pkk flair for a very very long time and you posted to justify pkk 's suicide bombings against turkish people . 
  but still it 's quite funny for a staunchly anti-turkish person , you still has the face to tell what 's better for turks .
