  greece gets its share of bad publicity in germany , but that 's about it . 
  i ca n't say that germans are made to hate anyone . 
   while it might be easy to highlight germany , the truth is simply that every other country on earth was at least as unwilling to extend money as germany ( and other current eu creditors ; using germany as a stand-in ) were . 
  germany was willing to extend loans assuming austerity assurances . 
  the united states , columbia , and sri lanka were n't willing to even do that . 
  the vilification of germany in greece is really starting to grind my gears . 
  how is it better for germany than the rest of europe ? 
  the up/downvote circlejerking is the one thing on reddit i truly hate . 
   kinda disgusted by the responses in this thread . 
  dont understand how so many of you are so ` ok ' with defending this prof. 
  i must 've been reading a different thread . 
   and to think i was like this close to accepting my job in germany . 
  thank god i declined ( and i literally declined exactly because i heard on just how racist germans are ) . 
  but to think it is this widespread and to think how all the other europeans think its the ok because ` it happens ' is just ... fuck europe really . 
  you guys are pretty fucked up overall it seems . 
  fuck you too , thanks . 
  i agree . 
  it 's like fighting fire with fire , or in this case , inequality with inequality . 
  here , invade yourselves . 
  but the eu does have a parliament , where such things are usually decided in democratic states . 
  this fixation on skin colour is such an anglophone thing . 
  the `` whiteness '' is n't the problem here . 
  it looks like a picture from the 1950s . 
  that 's what bad about it . 
  the afd wants to roll back the time , and with it all the social equality we have achieved in the last decades . 
  with hardly any armenians left there it does n't make any sense . 
  without a comprehensive survey , i would assume that this is a bavarian oddity . 
  and really - bavarian do n't consider themselves german ? 
  i can hardly believe that . 
  we are social animals . 
  we need to define ourselves as part of a group . 
  i disagree . 
  you exaggerate the differences between german regions . 
  they all identify as german . 
  and the dialects are ( sadly ) vanishing anyway . 
  the concept of a german nation is centuries old . 
  i think the title is a bit distasteful . 
  you could have asked . 
  the cities look similar , but much more run-down because they were not renovated after re-unification . 
  politics . 
  there is no sensible linguistic reason why swiss german ( and other german dialects ) should n't be considered separate languages . 
  the hungarians were a nomadic people before they settled in the carpathian basin . 
  they probably originated in western siberia , where the closest relatives of hungarian ( khanty and mansi ) are still spoken . 
  the uralic language family was originally spoken in a large area from northeastern europe to siberia . 
  finnish and saami are on the western edge of that area . 
  finnish and hungarian are n't actually very closely related - think of english and russian as an analogy . 
  i do n't like language maps . 
  they either only show official and standard languages , which does not reflect the actual variety of colloquial speech ; or , if they show dialects , they are usually very outdated . 
  the postillon is pretty good . 
  yes , this is basically the holocaust !, 
  i read in the newspaper every year that firefighters have been attacked again on new year 's eve . 
  mostly by teenagers throwing firecrackers and bottles at them in the more run-down areas of the city . 
  come on , that 's bullshit . 
  you do n't have to . 
  but it 's expected from you as a form of decency . 
  i think they were formally still part of the empire , although de facto independent ? 
  by that logic everything around the mediterranean belongs to italy . 
  right , but they were part of the empire until 1648 . 
  is that the swedish name for greifswald ? 
  you did n't grow up in germany , did you ? 
   in london i can go to specialised french bakeries , italian bakeries , asian/indian bakeries within about five minutes of my house . 
  yeah , that 's the thing of living in london . 
  in germany you would usually have german bakeries everywhere . 
  well , our lamps got brighter . 
  any law must pass through both the bundestag ( federal parliament ) and bundesrat ( federal council ) , the latter of which represents the states on federal level . 
  so merkel actually needs a cdu/csu majority in the state governments . 
  furthermore , the local and state elections often serve as a barometer of public opinion before a federal election . 
  if you give me a source for those `` daily rapes '' , i can tell you if i 'm bothered . 
   i 've got to imagine germans are feeling the strain from the refugee crisis . 
  actually , no . 
  not really . 
  it says ( very literally ) `` the poles [ ... ] killed more jews than germans during the war . '', 
  just like the guardian translated it . 
  maybe it 's a bit more in clear in german , but tbf i do n't find the english translation ambiguous either . 
  '' [ ... ] but in fact did kill more jews than * the germans * during the war . '', 
  it 's understandable how polish speakers would get confused over this , given their difficulties with the finer subtleties of article placement . 
  that puts korpiklaani into context . 
  which the german government is actively working on . 
  the plans are * to relieve the situation in syria and iraq , so that fewer people flee * to help out turkey in providing for their refugees * to strengthen the outer schengen borders * to create hotspots at the schengen border where refugees are processed * to distribute those that have a right to stay over all of europe there are lots of negotiations going on afaik . 
  but many countries are not very cooperative . 
  oh , the perpetrators of the holocaust were n't religious , uneducated or uncultured . 
  granted , they were nutcases . 
  different shades of blond . 
  this is dark blond . 
  as a part of what was then considered germany . 
  austria was n't the hre , nor was the hre germany . 
  well , i was n't talking about the hre , was i ? 
  germany here . 
  many of the most famous classical composers were german , so ... btw , i think you must include austria here . 
  in classical times , austria was an integral part of the area called `` germany '' . 
  * johann sebastian bach * ludwig van beethoven * wolfgang amadeus mozart * georg friedrich h\u00e4ndel ( also claimed by the british ) * joseph haydn * franz schubert * robert schumann * clara schumann * felix mendelssohn bartholdy * richard wagner * gustav mahler * johannes brahms edit : added . 
  it 's way too early to see any impact of the refugee situation on the economic situation . 
  apparently it 's difficult enough to get the north african states to take their own economic emigrants back . 
  right , because germany never has any interests besides ruling the world . 
  and on the other side they are pushing to make all german problems `` eu problems '' . 
  which ones ? 
  how is the euro crisis a german problem ? 
  how is the refugee crisis a german problem ? 
  it is now , but is has been an italian , a greek , a hungarian , etc problem before . 
   germans want to see greece suffer to make an example out of it .
