   after all the term genocide was coined decades after ww1 . 
  so no genocide ever happened before that term was coined . 
  yeah , makes sense . 
  i automatically assumed you were talking about kurdish . 
  reading your post again , there 's nothing that implicates that . 
  there was some uproar in israel when martin schulz made a speech in the knesset in german . 
  i can understand the hate older people still have for germany , but when younger people share those sentiments , it just makes me angry . 
  it 's not a matter of `` either or '' . 
  you can critisize atat\u00fcrk in different ways . 
  fyi : kurdish is n't a dialect of turkish . 
  it 's an iranian language ( s ? 
  ) , not even related to turkish . 
   the european parliament [ ... ] aspired once again to rewrite history ...  repeats the anti-turkish clich\u00e9s of the armenian propaganda ...  we do not take seriously those who adopted this resolution by mutilating history and law ...  what lays behind is a religious and cultural fanaticism and indifference towards others regarded as different . 
  ...  members of the european parliament may better encounter their own past and remember especially their roles and responsibilities in the most abhorrent calamities of humanity such as world war i and world war ii , well before dealing with the 1915 issue . 
  ... are they delusional ? 
  this is beyond ridiculous . 
  if there 's a message written on my dick , it should at least be blurred out . 
  i do n't care if anyone sees my dick . 
  i do care if someone records my personal communication . 
  edit : what i 'm saying is , people have their priorities wrong . 
  merkel does n't have standards . 
  that 's her thing . 
  neither . 
  i do n't . 
  seven beers are a meal . 
  but only a hypothesis . 
  that does n't qualify as `` known '' . 
  yes , i know one from school . 
  evangelical . 
  very nice and normal guy , just do n't ever talk with him about religion . 
  some wear a kippa in public . 
  that 's about it . 
  yes . 
  that 's the so-called head of the composite noun and it determines its grammatical properties . 
  i do n't know . 
  they are the ones who probably noticed the least . 
   i think it would be good if every citizen in eu would have a common language they could communicate with de facto this is english already . 
  of course not * everyone * speaks it . 
  to achieve that , you would need english to be the native language of everyone , thereby ... well , see my first post . 
   in the parliament i think translators are the best way to go though . 
  if everyone spoke the same language , there would be no use for translators in the parliament . 
  and if there 's a place where everyone should be able to communicate with everyone , it 's the parliament . 
  by making one language the official language of all eu countries , people would be pressed to speak english , fascilitating the replacement of other languages . 
  look at what happened to gaulish and etruscan . 
   ( in the end , that 's a usual and frequent process in histoy , but i do n't think that makes it good . 
  i mean , racism is usual and prevalent as well ... ) one other problem is that english is already the native language of some countries in the eu . 
  it would give them an advantage and seem unfair to the others . 
  german , for example , has more native speakers . 
   there is a lot to gain with a lingua franca , and if we choose english it would probably give english such a boost that it could become the lingua franca of the world . 
  english already * is * the lingua franca of the world . 
   i also believe that people who can easily communicate are less likely to get into conflict and increase trade at the same time . 
  conflicts usually do n't arise through misunderstandings but through diverging economical and geopolitical interests . 
  trade is already going on pretty well , i 'd say . 
  those who work in the trade business use english . 
   the loss of unique languages would be a shame , but we have already lost thousands of dialects in europe alone so why not the last few dozens as well ? 
  cultural reasons . 
  language is the primary factor for ethnical and cultural identity . 
  can you imagine a france without french or japan without japanese ? 
  scientific reasons . 
  there is an amazing structural ( i.e. 
  grammatical , phonological ) diversity in the languages of the world , and yet they are fascinatingly similar in so many ways . 
  every single language offers unique evidence for certain linguistic phenomena and could potentially be essential in ( dis ) proving a linguistic theory . 
  just google pirah\u00e3 . 
  as a linguist , this really makes my stomach turn . 
  i mean , you ca n't do anything about it if people chose to speak another language , but by all means , do n't * force * them to . 
  a lot of languages and dialects have died out or are in the process of dying out because states forced their population to speak one language . 
  i love any linguistic diversity , and it 's always sad to see it decline . 
  germany used to be extremely fragmented into small autonomous territories , which was the result of feudalism and the lack of a strong central authority . 
  prussia basically picked them up one by one , but not all of them . 
  we said you get the money once you speak german !, 
  typical greeks , never adhering to the agreements . 
  it 's never too late to learn . 
  is that so incredible ? 
  many dutch speak german . 
  that was easy . 
  i hope they were sold to , say , poland , and not to , say , saudi-arabia . 
  how old are you ? 
  kids these days ... 
  aww , those look delicious . 
  i need one now . 
   i 'm not defending or promoting any one view , but just trying to shed insight into the psychology or reasons behind the ` denial ' camp . 
  much appreciated , thanks !, 
  nobody living today is responsible for what happened 100 years ago . 
  but the turkish stance on the subject is ridiculous . 
  `` do n't critisize the glorious turkish people ! '', 
  just a technical question : would n't that make the eu de facto a confederation ? 
  congratulations to the idiots who had some fun for a few minutes there . 
  he does n't really say much at all . 
  i realise i do n't actually need the german flair . 
  here 's what i said in the original thread about the topic :  the only evidence we have of the conversation is what the indian student posted on quora . 
  i do n't know that site and i ca n't find a link in the article . 
  i just do n't want to be part of a witch-hunt until i 've seen the evidence myself . 
  for all i know , the student might have put together unrelated statements by the professor in order to defame her out of spite for not getting that job . 
  just let me be smug for a moment . 
  that 's how a lot of germans think east germany looks like . 
  the empire had been clinically dead . 
  napoleon abolished a long-outdated , powerless political body . 
   i think bild 's `` nein '' campaign has been partly about vilifying greeks . 
  yes , and they got shit for it . 
   also i 'm pretty sure your media has done the exact same thing for german people to hate everyone else .
