  i had to chuckle . 
  i am evil . 
  look at this photo whenever you wonder what the eu has ever done for us ... 
  i did n't even realise the person was black until now . 
  i first understood `` the pub-speaking dialect '' . 
  i suppose that 's not so wrong either . 
  it 's amazing how northern italy suddenly lights up . 
  i think you misunderstood the point of the animation . 
  it shows the moving of notable individuals in europe 's cultural history . 
  so , what the map really shows is where the important cultural centers are situated . 
   seriously ? 
  i think there is a little difference between 1938 and the current situation . 
  ... being that the state is chasing the chasers this time around . 
   i thought the whole point of immigrating to another country , was to get a fresh start . 
  you 're being idealistic . 
  most people emigrate to find better work and living conditions . 
  from the article : `` before the start of a pro-palestinian rally -- one of the scores being staged almost daily here since israel launched its offensive in gaza -- an organizer on a bullhorn yelled out the do 's and do n\u2019ts as ordered last week by the berlin police . 
  no burning the israeli flag . 
  no shouts of `` death to israel . '' and absolutely no repeating the slogan `` jew , jew , cowardly pig , come out and fight alone '' -- a rhyming chant in german that had become increasingly common at pro-palestinian rallies here before being nipped in the bud by german authorities . '', 
  certainly not . 
  but i think i misinterpreted your post . 
  let 's just say that scandinavia looked a bit ... unfortunate ... before . 
  that 's not entirely true . 
  it 's illegal to deny the holocaust , for example . 
  and you can be sued for defamation . 
  i hate how these protests are played up when they 're happening in germany . 
  those people in the video do n't give a fuck about the german past because it 's * not their * past . 
  edit : to clarify , i was taking about the [ video posted by / u/gtard ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2cbqxp/antijewish_slogans_return_to_the_streets_in/cjdwter ) . 
  or a sufficiently large * vihta * . 
  that 's not really true . 
  it 's just that germans are a bit annoyed about it because it 's brought up so damn often . 
  yeah , i know what you mean . 
  * ( yes , i know the hymn is instrumental . 
  why not just translate those lyrics though ? ), 
  i like the german one . 
  beautiful melody and inspiring words ( that do n't talk about cannons and blood for once ) . 
  the birthrate is usually higher in less highly developed countries . 
  you 're absolutely right about that . 
  and i think that 's exactly what gauck meant . 
  i hope that people will realize that having an able army does n't mean warmongering , but backing up one 's political influence . 
  it 's like a gold reserve backing up the currency . 
  but unfortunately , there seem to be a lot of people who think that if we 'll get rid of our arms , then everyone else will do too ... ( we have a word for people who are too idealistically optimistic : * weltverbesserer * ` world improvers ' - typical german cynicism . 
  ok , it 's sometime difficult to tell apart a follow-up comment from a counter argument , 
  germany has good technology , but i think the defense budget is comparatively low . 
  i hope i 'm not saying anything wrong because i 'm not an expert on the matter . 
  concerning the draft , you had the possibility to do social work instead , which the vast majority of conscripts did . 
  also there were many who were n't drafted at all or exempted for minuscule reasons . 
  ( in my opinion , the civilian service should have been made mandatory for both men and women instead . ), 
  i 'm not saying it does n't , just describing the situation . 
  war really has become kind of stigmatized in germany . 
  i think the germans must be one of the most pacifist peoples around nowadays . 
  that 's why the german government is so damned reluctant to help out in international operations - it 's like a political suicide . 
  president gauck got called a `` warmonger '' when he said that germany needs to take more international responsibility , even with military means if need be . 
  i agree that the soldiers should be commemorated more . 
  but in germany it 's always a tightrope walk - when you commemorate a little bit too enthusiastically , you 're immediately associated with the extreme right . 
  i do n't think anyone in germany would complain . 
  it 's just over the garden fence and what 's better than to beat the dutch at home ? 
  unfortunately , that 's far from reality . 
  you do n't say . 
  i think it would be 3.0 or 4.0 by now . 
  of course i did n't get your joke because i misunderstood your point . 
  no , i did n't get your joke because i 'm german . 
  seriously ... 
  brussels , strasbourg and den haag ? 
  why would we call a country after a band . 
  german is the native language in austria . 
  they 're german too ( ethnically speaking ) . 
  sadly , it 's many years after their arrival for some people . 
  that would certainly be an awkward conversation . 
  you would only remove a mole 1 ) if it 's showing signs of a melanoma - in that case it 's a necessary medical treatment ; or 2 ) for cosmetic reasons , which i suppose is n't usually done on children . 
  but in any case , a mole is not a functional part of the body . 
  it makes literally no difference if it 's there or not . 
  a foreskin , on the other hand , or any other part of the genitalia * does * have a function . 
  did i say anything to the contrary ? 
  circumcision destroys function as well . 
  just not * quite * as much as fgm . 
  i agree . 
  of course female genital mutilation is much more severe than male circumcision , but at the end of the day it 's all modification of a child 's body without consent . 
  it 's a tie between germans wearing lederhosen and germans being angry all the time . 
  and that 's the actual reason why germans are afraid of romanian immigration . 
  yes it its . 
  maybe less extreme than ten years ago , but still . 
  i 've been there once . 
  it sure is a beautiful country . 
  i overreacted after dealing with too many of nopebus ' comments . 
  i apologize for that . 
  you 're taking this like a 12 year old though . 
  i 've read an interesting story somewhere on that they failed because they completely misunderstood consumer behaviour in europe . 
  i think the problem is that opinions differ on what is a generic term and what is not . 
  that 's a question of semantics . 
  apparently it 's usual to call any sparkling wine a ` champagne ' in the us . 
  let 's take germany on the other hand . 
  we call any sparkling wine ` sekt ' . 
  ` champagner ' specifically denotes the sekt that is produced in the champagne . 
  so you really ca n't say `` not every champagne comes from france because there is champagne from california '' , because for a european any sparkling wine that does n't come from the champagne region simply is n't a champagne . 
  we 're talking about two different things here . 
  just as you say , the protected name is ` west county farmhouse cheddar ' , but not ` cheddar ' . 
  that 's the same case with brie . 
   this is ridiculous , because most aoc are introduced after the product is already well-established . 
  of course , that 's the nature of an aoc .
