  it 's not a patent . 
  something is only deemed worthy of protection if it has acquired a certain status . 
   when i buy corn flakes in brussels , am i being lied to because they 're not made in michigan , the place of their invention ? 
  if it 's made an aoc in america tomorrow , does that make the corn flakes i buy in brussels not corn flakes anymore ? 
  well , it would make the `` michigan corn flakes '' made in brussels not `` michigan corn flakes '' anymore . 
  i agree that the feta case is a weird one . 
  please note that only traditional styles of food that are considered part of the cultural heritage of a region are being protected . 
  again - this has nothing to do with geographical indication . 
  no , selling horse as beef is not ok . and no , beef is of course not a protected name , for heaven 's sake !, 
  we 're not paying more for bread or milk because of geographical indications . 
  this only applies to very specific products . 
  it is not about protecting `` large multinational food corporations '' . 
  it does n't matter who makes the products . 
  it 's not like all cheaper , generic products are made by local middle-class manufacturers , is it ? 
  i think you have no idea what a geographical indication is . 
  those food style names are not owned by any company or person . 
  anyone can make a food item under that name if he meets the requirements . 
  you know , you can actually buy cheap food in europe . 
   so the european working class benefits by not being able to easily afford their own food from their own region because it is more profitable to export ? 
  i see . 
  not every protected food is a luxury item . 
   but it does , it comes from the same sort of economic isolationism and protectionism which is making a financial union of eu states likely impossible . 
  the us protects its trademarks and patents as well . 
  where is the difference ? 
  because scandinavia is an island . 
  do n't take everything too serious here . 
   so who does that benefit besides the owners of those food manufacturers ? 
  the customers , because they know what they get . 
  it 's not like the * style * is protected , just the name . 
  anyone can produce a cheaper alternative . 
   europe is paying 200-300 % the price of food in the united states because of these clumsy economics . 
  sure , the us has some problems with the quality of its food but it has not had horsemeat sold as beef in the 21st century . 
  this has nothing at all to do with this topic . 
  this post belongs to the top . 
   that means popular cheeses like gruyere , brie and parmesan could all be in line for a name change , thanks to the eu 's proposed restrictions . 
  the problem , says steve stettler , who owns in brodhead , wis. , is that u.s. food makers have spent a lot of money building their brands . 
  `` how do we educate our consumers ? 
  people have spent a great deal of money on labeling , building traditions , building a name on a product , '' stettler says . 
  `` and then not being able to use that name would be kind of horrific . '', 
  just like the manufacturers of the original varieties have spent centuries in building their `` brands '' , only to have the names taken by others who do n't follow the same laws . 
  yes , sorry , that was a bit harsh on my part . 
  apparently , brie has gone the way of the cheddar . 
  there are local varieties of brie that are protected though . 
   being original is meaningless , except for economic reasons . 
  people identify with their regional or local heritage . 
  this has an emotional dimension as well . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  ca n't you have a discussion without belittling others and their opinions ? 
   why does the american or hell , anywhere but europe cheese have to be called '' parm styled '' or something similar . 
  anywhere but parma . 
  this has nothing to do with europe . 
  read my post again , i did not talk about quality . 
  a cheese that is made in the brie style can be just as good or even better than an original brie , but it is * not * the original . 
  they can call it brie-style cheese , or parmesan-style cheese , because that 's what it is . 
  is it insulting ? 
  of course . 
  is it xenophobic ? 
  definitely . 
  is it racist ? 
  yes , the term `` racism '' gets tossed around quite a bit . 
  do n't you drink beer or eat chocolate ? 
  i had to chuckle . 
  yes , i have a dark humor . 
   i do n't see how being bitter towards the legal successor state of the state that went pretty far out of its way to murder your people en masse , with no real strategic goal in mind other than killing all of you , is quite the same as antisemitism , which has no real rational basis . 
  i do understand the emotions of the victims and their children . 
  but once you get to the grandchildren , the bitterness should fade away . 
  it would only be fair to direct those emotions towards the successor state if this state failed to compensate for the crimes of its predecessor . 
  i do n't see how this is the case - on the contrary . 
  i know it can never be made right , but there 's only so much one can do to apologise . 
  yes , this bitterness is n't quite as irrational as anti-semitism , but it 's just as unfair to the people it 's directed at and only serves to increase animosity . 
   if your grandparents did n't want things to be awkward , maybe your grandparents should 've have murdered a third of all the jews on earth , because ai n't nobody ever gon na let that go . 
  that sounds like it 's my fault to have grandparents . 
  you know , if people were able to let go ( not the people who suffered , but their descendants ) , the world could be a better place . 
   your grandparents tainted your ability to have a normal relationship with jews , and the stain on that relationship is 100 % the fault of germans . 
  not my fault , and i am german . 
  whoever taints my ability to have a normal relationship is the one who is resentful of me . 
   just like jews have inherited the mark of cain that marks them as an eternal victim . 
  now let 's not get religious here . 
   modern israelis were n't murdered en masse by germans , but for some reason the mass killing of their familial relations by fritz and hans [ ... ] hello there , stereotypes . 
   [ ... ] means that they ca n't put up a roadblock to prevent palestinians from trying to pick up the grand european tradition of killing jews en masse . 
  to accuse the palestinian people as a whole of wanting to kill jews is again the same mindset as anti-semitism , just the other way around . 
  again , a lot of people suffer for the crimes of some . 
  the people who were responsible for the holocaust have ( mostly ) been punished , but i agree that there is hardly any punishing that can do their crimes justice . 
  but being hostile towards modern-day germany and its inhabitants is in my eyes not better than anti-semitism . 
  it 's racist . 
  this will always make the relationship between germany and israel or between germans and jews awkward . 
  we must leave the past behind ( but always remember it ) to have a normal relationship . 
  if anyone accused me of the crimes of my great-grandfather 's generation , i 'd punch him in the face . 
  which sounds like a justification for hostility towards german/germans/germany . 
  but i suppose lies in any other language are ok . 
  oh come on . 
  it 's not like it says `` schmetterling '' or `` g\u00e4nsebl\u00fcmchen '' ... 
  what are the recent opinion polls about this ? 
  `` grwwooorrrwoaauuwo '' `` no chewie , this one goes here and that one goes there ! '', 
  seriously , i 'm over it now . 
  screw winter , let there be summer . 
  he may be right , but is n't that true for the uk as well ? 
  you are absolutely right . 
  you should n't be tolerant towards intolerance . 
  til that welsh are gauls .
