  i think that most irish you hear ( e.g. 
  on youtube ) sounds like english that for some reason you ca n't understand the words of . 
  the intonation is exactly like in english , and those r 's are everywhere ( should n't irish theoretically have alveolar `` trilled '' r 's ? ), 
  i 'd say that welsh is the most unaffected . 
   for decades , linguists have debated how indo-european got to europe . 
  some favor the idea that the original farmers brought indo-european into europe from turkey . 
  others think the language came from the russian steppes thousands of years later . 
  to clarify that bit a little more : the so-called ` kurgan hypothesis ' , which states that the indo-european languages came from mound-building herding cultures in the pontic steppes , is the mainstream hypothesis among linguistics because the linguistic evidence ( i.e. 
  reconstructed vocabulary ) is quite strong . 
  the ` anatolian hyothesis ' , on the other hand , is mostly followed by archaeologists , chief among them colin renfrew , because archaeologically , the influx of near eastern farmers is very visible and gives a neat explanation for language displacement . 
  it is at odds with the linguistic evidence though . 
  david anthony is an archaeologist and proponent of the kurgan theory . 
  his book `` the horse , the wheel , & language '' gives a good picture of where and how the ie proto-language has probably originated and dispersed . 
  this new genetic evidence provides another strong argument for this narrative . 
  there is this sentiment that germany must not fight a war ever again . 
  afghanistan was hugely unpopular . 
  so erdogan 's campaigning in germany paid off . 
  i do n't believe erdo\u011fan ever seriously wanted to get into the eu . 
  he would need to subordinate himself ( of course turkey would be a powerful member , but still ) . 
  there must be a hidden pun to the german as well . 
  it 's a newspaper cartoon . 
  these things are churned out daily . 
  they ca n't all be outstanding . 
  the germans in the * ostsiedlung * had nothing to do with the east germanic tribes that lived there before the migration period . 
  old frankish gave rise to a series of dialects , many of which are spoken in modern day germany . 
  we do n't know charlemagne 's place of birth , he could just as well been born there . 
  his main residence was aachen . 
  there was no distinction at the time . 
  [ spot the mistake . 
  ] ( https://www.google.de/search?q=pfannkuchen&amp;gbv=1&amp;prmd=ivnse&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=5gbevy-ucoz5uogegvad&amp;ved=0cauq_au ), 
  but but but ...  net neutrality kills !, 
  -- g\u00fcnther oettinger, 
  maybe you should try and disassociate german official insignias with anything nazi . 
  too fat to fly . 
  so many ways to draw the bundesadler . 
  no unified german state . 
  but there was a `` germany '' in the sense of a german-speaking cultural area . 
  oh , and austria was part of it . 
  you should always cite the relevant bild source when posting stuff like that . 
  popular with the commenters , unpopular with the voters . 
  thanks , that 's a cool site . 
  very clear and informative . 
  now i want one for every country . 
  you should also post it to / r/archaeology . 
  it 's often used in german media to refer to both usa and uk . 
  it has no negative connotations there . 
  the question is : does merkel trust herself ? 
  merkelr\u00f6k ? 
  what kind of show is this ? 
  is it satirical ? 
  there is no gluten in tea . 
   and a significant portion of our industrial exports . 
  yeah , thanks for all the nuclear waste . 
  your perpetual argumentation is `` we did n't commit a genocide because others committed genocides to us '' . 
  the holocaust is widely acknowledged as one of the , if not the worst genocide in human history . 
  so by your definition , nothing qualifies as genocide unless it reaches the magnitude of the holocaust ? 
  english has been promoted by the ruling elite in the uk , at times forcefully . 
  a better place to look at would be india . 
  it 's sad . 
  the public mostly sees the dialects as a `` quirky regional way of speaking '' that is somehow aberrant from standard german , so there 's no real impetus to protect and promote the dialects . 
  but language is an integral part of culture . 
  it 's what defines an ethnic group the most . 
  its songs , stories , traditions are conveyed in their native language , and when this language is given up , those things are often lost as well . 
  the abandonment of a language usually goes hand in hand with complete ethnic assimilation . 
  a * lingua franca * , on the other hand , can exist alongside other languages , as it is restricted to certain communicational contexts ( trade , diplomacy , science , anything that involves communication with other groups ) . 
  english fulfills this role quite well world-wide . 
   do you think it would be reasonable to ask people to change their apartments for mud huts , microwaves for fire pits and flush toilets for chamber pots ? 
  no , and that 's a very poor analogy . 
  it would n't be reasonable for people to start speaking sumerian , either . 
   saying that we should n't try to improve some aspects of our lives only because this aspect is quite peculiar and could be studied defeats the whole purpose of studying . 
  ... implying that getting rid of languages is an improvement , which is quite the minority opinion you have here . 
   what is the point of linguistics as a science if not to facilitate a better understanding among people ? 
  to understand how language is created and processed in the brain , and thereby to explain its structural diversity and the constraints that apply to it . 
  as such , it is an extension of psychology and cognitive sciences . 
   and in this case would n't a thousands of languages evolving into a global one be like an ultimate goal or at least a major milestone of this no . 
  funny that you 're even being downvoted for referring to the community rules . 
  we only have this planet to live on and to explore . 
  cultural diversity is what makes this place interesting imo . 
  what a boring world it would be if everything everywhere was the same ... 
  linguists need native speakers to study a language . 
  studying writings , grammars or sound recordings is like a biologist looking at pictures of a dead animal or fossilized bones . 
  nice . 
  i had two semesters of finnish classes a few years ago , but i can still read that . 
  as a linguist , i must disagree . 
  here 's an excerpt from a paper i recently read ( gordon & ladefoged 2001 ) :  we can never know whether some language in the past had or in the future will have a novel method of using the vocal folds to make a linguistic contrast . 
  the occurrence of phonetic rarities such as the strident voice quality that occurs in ! x\u00f3\u00f5 ( section 2.3 ) and a few neighboring languages shows that we can use the glottis in totally unexpected ways . 
  ** if the ! x\u00f3\u00f5 did not exist , and someone had suggested that a sound of this kind could be used in a language , scholars would probably have said that this was a ridiculous notion . 
  ! x\u00f3\u00f5 is an endangered language , and we are lucky to have been able to hear these sounds . 
  ** but who knows what other phonation types could occur in a language ? 
  every language is unique and fascinating in its own way , even beautiful to some , and can yield important information for the study of human language capabilities . 
  of course , languages have been dying out since humanity is able to speak . 
  it 's part of history . 
  but you should n't facilitate it . 
  to me , a language dying out is like a species dying out or a piece of ancient art destroyed . 
  only while they 're fresh . 
  the rest get eaten or trampled . 
   `` it '' happened , no doubt in this . 
  but i do n't see the point in backwards punishing and finger pointing . 
  how is acknowledging that what happened was a genocide `` backwards punishing and finger pointing '' ? 
  everyone is pointing fingers at turkey for being so stuck up about it .
