google sais it refers to croatia reaching the semi finals in the handball european championship, 
  the `` poland is open '' , or `` jetzt ist polen offen '' is a german phrase often used to funnily describe an escalation that bears consequences . 
  to sweden and czech : i honestly have no idea i assume people are dumb . 
  to croatia : there is no real translation that makes sense . 
  the original german word was `` weiter '' , which can be referred to as in entering the next round in a competition . 
  to romania : is n't it different ? 
   no honestly no idea, 
  no one asked you , its completely off topic, 
  i dont know why people are complaining that merkel allowed the court to take over the case . 
  erdogan has also filed charges against boehmermann himself . 
  it doesnt matter if the federal government says yes or no , the prosection will take place at any rate bc a single `` crime '' can not be prosecuted two times , so both law suits would be merged into one . 
  if the government neglected turkeys bid , erdogans prosections would take its place . 
  under these circumstances she did the right thing , as she firstly stops the whole thing being a political confrontation and reduces it to a mere legal dispute , and secondly she preserves the relations between both countries ( which may not be to everyones liking , but nevertheless is kind of necessary atm ) . 
  so in the end , its just huffington post again , representing the opinion of the majority of butthurt ignorants . 
  my 2 cents, 
  i dont know much about john olivers credibility , but his show certainly has some impressive moments ( journalism wise ) : here is the source my statement was based on : [ youtube ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vu8dcyocuyi ), 
  inb4 people think that germany has 257 billion $ laying around in some corner waiting to be spent . 
  its a trade deficit , so germany exports more than it imports . 
  this will likely devaluate the euro a bit , bc there is more money in the economy than tradeable goods . 
  fun fact : trump used the trade deficit between usa and mexico ( 57 billion ) as an argument to make the latter pay for the `` planned '' wall . 
  ( which is complete bs ), 
  please , never ever choose bild as a serious source for any kind of journalism . 
  especially not when its labled ad `` bild exclusive '' or `` bild knows '', 
  well , we have found a solution here . 
  did you hear me ? 
  the system wo n't collapse !, 
  would it ? 
  be so kind and explain your thoughts . 
  true probably . 
  why is it so hard to find any kind of useful information instead of just the two camps shitting on each other with apparently fictional numbers, 
  vpn ftw, 
  i remember merkel getting ~ 90 % and she didnt look too happy about it . 
   is n't that true ? 
  no muslim refugees = no muslim refugee terrorists . 
  if the borders had stayed closed and germany had an anti-refugee policy the years before , than ansbach would n't have happenend . 
  did the attacks in france happen ? 
  they did , and france didnt take nearly as many refugees as germany did in the last 2 years . 
  the open border policy western nations follow is prone to incidents like these , not only for the last years , but decades ( e.g. 
  the first wtc attack in 1993 ) . 
   police and border protection are allowed to use force . 
  this goes from low escalation levels like shouting to higher escalation levels like physical force and as a last resort a gun . 
  why do you think they carry weapons ? 
  to interprete that statement as `` they should shoot all refugees '' is wrong . 
  beatrix von storch ( the women who made the statement ) said , that she would make border guards to use their weapons against any kind of border crossings . 
  on demand by the press she repeated that statement and said that neither women nor children would be excluded from this order . 
  i have no idea in which country you live or what morals you follow . 
  but your opinion , that it would be acceptable to shoot refugees is not only disgusting , but also goes against the [ 1951 refugee convention in genf ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_relating_to_the_status_of_refugees ) . 
  germany follows this convention , as the german ` asylrecht ' ( right of asylum ) is based on the definitions of the convention . 
  this asylrecht , in its very core , allows anybody who is classified as a refugee by the genf convention to apply for asylum in germany . 
   their party leader is a woman . 
  yeah , they mus really hate women in leading positions if they elect a woman as their party chairwoman . 
  / s i 'm pretty sure that it was n't frauke petry who said that . 
  this statement is interesting , because it shows how the afd itself is divided in several smaller groups , which is a consequence of the partys founding as an euro sceptic party only . 
   asylum is only temporary , so it should always be about remigration . 
  the name would fit better . 
  i dont think you get the point , or maybe i was n't precise enough in my statement : that reform would n't simply add or improve the ministries ability to work out the remigration . 
  it would be used to undermine the right on aslyum which is protected by the german constitution . 
   works very well in australia . 
  so you would want to deport ~ 1.000.000 refugees ( if not more at this point ) to some islands that they can not flee from ? 
  i know australia does this , but this is not remigration , its deportation . 
  and not that friendly ` lets move some people from there to there ' - deportation . 
  it 's basically the same the nazis did to the jews in the 1930s , when they built the first concentration camps : moving a whole enthnicity or religious group into fortified camps they can not escape from . 
   everyone who does n't agree with you is retarded ? 
  interesting attitude . 
  you are right , i dont agree with frauke petry . 
  a human that stupid , naive and centered on nationalistic believes must be retarded , like everyone who follows his or her way of thinking . 
  history has proven more than one time , that nationalism and xenophobia are poison to peace and prosperity . 
  i would like to add you to that group . 
  your views are full of anxiety , xenophobia and hate . 
  go and vote for trump , szyd\u0142o or hofer . 
  their agenda fits your views . 
  true story , the afd lost its last piece of common sense when lucke left . 
  he was the one who had the extremists under control ( which is remarkable as the afd consisted of members of the whole political spectrum back then ) . 
  now they just seem to lose their last attachment to reality . 
  at least you cant explain their latest statements and actions any other way : * after the ansbach attack they announced this would not have happend if they were in power and deleted that statement 2 hours later . 
  * they ( one person i particular ) said , it would be ok the shoot children and women at the border fences in the balkans . 
  * they deny the climate change and advocate the construction of new coal fueled power plants . 
  this is a point they actually wrote on their political agenda . 
  * at some point they favored the idea that women should not be employed in higher positions so they could care for a family . 
  this is literally the 1950s * yesterday frauke petry told the media that she would want to reform the bamf ( the federal ministry for migration and refugees ) into a so called ` r\u00fcckwanderungsbeh\u00f6rde ' , a ministry that is only responsible to throw illegal people out as fast as possible . 
  as a location where to deport them to , they brought up the idea to send them to a un controlled island from where they can not flee . 
  this woman is retarded and i can not picture myself having a serious discussion with anyone who supports her or the afd in general . 
  that , however , is true for almost all of the its of all bigger companies . 
  i 've heard troubling tales about the solutions daimlers uses for example . 
  they seem to be running somehow , but nobody knows why and for how long . 
  also , microsoft access seems to be everywhere in any company , which is an absolute disaster . 
  the deutsche bank isnt at all . 
  theyre in the midst of reforming themselves , so their profit is kind of low right now . 
  ( there is still one iirc ) . 
  so no more investing in eastern poland ? 
  and hummels , who was banned for a second yellow card ( of which the first one was a complete joke ), 
  that would be funny to watch , as it would only fuel their demand for independence . 
  relevant : [ tony blair ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1vwkzidsy4 ), 
  thanks !, 
  and on top of that , parts of the afd are highly xenophobic and racist . 
  i would not want to have them in power , that would certainly be a step backwards for all our country stands for . 
  i do know this . 
  however , there is a town called `` frankfurt an der oder '' , which is located in the east of brandenburg . 
  so to prevent confusion we call the large frankfurt `` frankfurt main '' and the smaller frankfurt `` frankfurt oder '' . 
  back to your assumption : the frankfurt airport is also called `` flughafen frankfurt am main '' [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frankfurt_airport ),
