aw man , that stinks - if i went i would love to hear all of the traditional songs . 
   now i 'm feeling better this was a great exchange . 
  there 's no music or dancing ? 
  i always pictured people sitting along the huge tables singing jolly songs . 
  thank you for answering that - especially with a picture . 
  this is a serious question . 
  i am not trying to be funny . 
  when you get to a guard station , do they ask for papers ? 
  or do they say documents ? 
  in the movies they always say papers . 
  my prayers to the people and families effected by this evil cowardice . 
  my god that 's heartbreaking . 
  this is beautiful . 
  years ago when i was working and i was waiting on 4 old ladies . 
  and they were talking quietly but what i could here was very melodic and nice to listen to . 
  i never do this but i asked them what language they were speaking and they asked me to guess . 
  i replied with norwegian or finnish , and they said close but wrong . 
  finally they told me it was estonian , and i said of course i heard of the country , but i had never heard the beautiful language . 
  looks just wonderful . 
  i live in los angeles . 
  you leaving for work at 8am ? 
  bumper to bumper traffic . 
  maybe wait a bit and leave at 9am ? 
  bumper to bumper . 
  `` well , maybe i 'll go at 12 . '', 
  bumper to bumper . 
  the only time you can get anywhere in a reasonable time is if you drive from 1-3 pm . 
  because at 3:30 pm the traffic home starts to build up . 
  exactly . 
  but people over here are acting like 10 year olds who did n't get the trophy . 
  people keep posting that they 're crying and sick to their stomach . 
  others are talking about upping their medication and their therapists are calling to see if they need to talk . 
  it 's shocking . 
  i 've never seen anything like this . 
  i ca n't tell if people are really upset , or if they 're addicted to facebook and it 's how they get attention . 
  but it is vitriolic over here right now . 
  there is an incredible amount of bullying and name calling on facebook right now over here . 
  and the bullies are the same people that were most vocal about getting clinton in . 
  those same people are now publicly shaming others on social media for voting for trump . 
  people are losing friends , and in some cases - family members . 
  so i hope for good things for our future , but i must admit i 'm glad the bullies and cool kids are dealing with this news . 
  maybe for the next election liberals wo n't act like intolerant nazis . 
  also more people in your country wear red slacks than any other country . 
  so you got that going for you too . 
  well , for years you must remember that trump was a democrat . 
  he switched to get the nomination . 
  both candidates said whatever they needed to to get votes . 
  i do n't think most of what trump said will happen . 
  let 's all try to be good to each other and hope for the best . 
  [ a beat ] ( http://static1.squarespace.com/static/55aef171e4b0a8d2a34abb71/55b112efe4b00150110dfd47/55d4c851e4b0e34a9ad24025/1440010683231/?format=500w ), 
  i was kind of waiting for her to threaten everyone in that room . 
  but then the clip ended . 
  holy crap . 
  that 's what i 'm doing now . 
  just finished the latest episode of game of thrones . 
  wow !, 
  beautiful !, 
  well which is it ? 
  so it 's illegal immigrants ? 
  who is reporting the rapes ? 
  but i 'm not talking about husband and wife , i 'm concerned for the citizens of the country being assaulted by refugees . 
  so if every report is being recorded that 's good . 
  having said that , the statistic is extremely high is n't it ? 
  k20 - `` well it 's high . 
  -- it 's very high . '', 
  real question : i keep seeing that sweden is the 3rd highest country in the world for rape attacks , and that the refugee situation is out of control . 
  grenades are being smuggled into your country from the balkins . 
  swedes are n't having children , and the refugees are marrying swedes . 
  where are the refugees in sweden ? 
  are they in specific parts of the cities or country ? 
  what are your ( as a citizen of the country/not media ) feelings towards refugees flooding into your country ? 
  i 'm trying to find a balance between the left and right info i 'm getting . 
  i would love to see it snow again . 
  i live on the west coast of the us , but i grew up on the east coast . 
  i remember two ways of discovering snow in the morning . 
  most of the time it was my mother saying my name loudly - i 'd groggily look to the door , and she 'd tell me school was closed . 
  i would try to go back to sleep , but most of the time i was too excited . 
  `` no school !! '', 
  i 'd hop to my window and peek out . 
  the ground would be completely white , and giant fat flakes of snow quietly danced and twirled to the ground . 
  a few times i 'd go back to sleep , but usually i 'd go downstairs to see what was on tv . 
  my best friend lived two houses away , so after breakfast i 'd journey over to his house and we would go sledding down our street , or play star wars in the snow - fighting a losing battle against at-ats . 
  then we 'd head in for hot chocolate and sega genesis . 
  the other way i 'd discover snow in the morning was early in the morning , i 'd go to my kitchen ( the house would still be dark , outside it was n't very bright - but my mother would have the kitchen light on . 
  it felt like some time in between night and day . 
  ) and again my mom would have the am station on . 
  kyw would be on ; you always knew it was kyw because in the background there was a strange but comforting * tick tick tick tick * sound . 
  they would announce the school 's identification numbers and whether you had off , or the dreaded two hours late , or even worse : that school was open . 
  when they said your school 's number , it was as if you won the lottery . 
  my dad already left for work , and my ma would give me a kiss and say , `` i 'll call you in the afternoon , i love you . '', 
  and i would say joyfully that i loved her too . 
  one year towards the evening my friends and i broke out one of the old timey sleds my family had . 
  my friend had the sweetest golden retriever you ever met . 
  he loved the snow . 
  we would pile on top of each other like pancakes and ride down on the sled , and the retriever ran next to us and licked our faces causing all of us to fall off . 
  i miss that . 
  one last one . 
  when i started high school , i was n't really friends with anyone . 
  i had my best friend , but we went to different schools . 
  my sophomore year i tried out for the school musical , and got cast .
