  yeah i know i fucked up the translation . 
  wrote the chinese part first and then tried backtranslating it , got annoyed and thought no one will check it anyhow . 
  also , deep in the context of a tattoo sounds awfully graphic to me . 
  so what ? 
  close enough ? 
  \u597d\u50cf\u4e2a\u6df1\u957f\u7f8e\u4e3d\u7684\u7eb9\u8eab \uff01 * seems like a pretty , yet meaningful tattoo . 
  * * edit : seems like a deep * ** and ** * beautiful tattoo . 
  ( s.u. ), 
  * this , too , will end like the eurovision song contest , where there are some french parts and phrases , but in the end the moderators themselves do n't even understand a word of french anymore , so they can just nod their head and smile when the frenchman announces his points . 
  everything converges to english monolingualism . 
  basic set theory . 
  try lithuanian-albanian , perhaps someone might even be able to understand you . 
  did n't have any time for romansh , did you ? 
  i just skimmed through your post and did n't realise it was not german , italian , french , english ... 
  as someone who speaks german , this writing looks grotesque to me . 
  maybe in murrica it does n't , but the term does exist , if you accept [ wiktionary ] ( http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/na%c3%afvet%c3%a9#english ) as a valid source . 
   they will be a small , inconsequential nation and state with no influence over anything . 
  they 'll probably be relatively prosperous in the short term perhaps not everyone wants all that much influence . 
  perhaps not everyone has the urge to punch above their weight . 
  prosperity and wealth without the troubles of big politics are not as bad as you make them out to be . 
  just think norway , think switzerland , think sweden . 
  do you hear the people sing, 
   chinas xinhua news agency posted a peice about russian land that was historically chinese but russia annexed . 
  china doesnt play nice either . 
  are you referring to the region around vladivostok ( \u6d77\u53c2\u5d34 in imperial times ) ? 
  whatever happened to the huge [ ukrainian farmlands ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/china/10332007/china-to-rent-five-per-cent-of-ukraine.html ) china rented last year ? 
  do n't they have any interest in getting the situation back to normal ? 
  upvote because consistent bilingualism . 
  keep doing what you 're doing . 
  pun intended ? 
  there really should be some sanctions imposed on those imports . 
  i do . 
  edit : italy, 
  that is a first world problem if i ever saw one . 
  so how often did it happen to you that all them 1000 chf bills did n't fit into your wallet ? 
  i would very much like to have the overseas thingies of france and the uk included on this diagram . 
  but alas , it is complicated . 
  they could have done better . 
  i just dislike the fact that in order to prevent bickering among the members of the eu no real people , real buildings or real art can be used on the bills . 
  it is a tragedy that a continent with such rich cultural heritage , many great inventors and artists is refusing to acknowledge that on their currency . 
  still better than the euro bills . 
  i do n't find the designs appealing , but it would be hard to create banknotes that are uglier than the euro bills . 
   i do n't think many germans [ ... ] took into account how she would likely react to russia going to war against ukraine . 
  with the elections having been held in 2013 , this would have taken german angst to a whole new level . 
   [ ... ] but only alternative regarding russian politics seems even worse . 
  there is a good word chancellor merkel likes to use in this context . 
  alternativlos , which means literally alternative-less - so there is no alternative to this politics . 
  whenever she wants to push something through , she just calls it alternativlos and everyone knowingly nods their head and lets her do her thing . 
   back then germany [ ... ] had her plans [ ... ] i love it when countries are female . 
  as for both eu and kazakhstan , i hope they do n't meddle with things that are n't really concerning themselves . 
  but i guess that eu lady is just there to enable some balance of power , and the kazakhi guy serves for some improved picture composition . 
   many spanish workers find it too hot to work and the conditions too brutal so the sweat-houses are staffed mainly by legal and illegal immigrants from africa and eastern europe . 
  one hundred thousand immigrants are thought to work in the greenhouses and many believe it is the lack of workers-rights that help the businesses to be profitable . 
  many ` farms ' have no toilets and women are often forced into prostitution . 
  seems like this industry should perhaps first rethink its own standards before they cry for help because of the bad sanctions . 
  how can anyone vote for such people is beyond me, 
  this is quite dense indeed . 
  if you compare them to h&m they are n't even that low cost . 
  ( let alone primark and the likes ), 
  not, 
   i think we 're going to have more global positioning systems than we have global positions ftfy , 
  i think compass is now officially called beidou ( \u5317\u6597 ) , which means ursa major . 
  i know , i know . 
  i just wanted to use a crazy long word . 
  leserechtschreibschw\u00e4che ( dyslexia ) on its own is already pretty rad . 
  also , the irony within that word . 
  yea italy is basically the new east nowadays . 
  if you got that deutschleserechtschreibschw\u00e4chenproblem there 's nuffin you can do about that . 
  now this is just ridiculous . 
  well now this is something european media really like to report on . 
  this wishful thinking is really making me sad, 
  no , but eu and usa did all they could to escalate the situation with euromaidan . 
  and eventually the situation got out of hand and some people took advantage of the mess . 
  that is not to say that anything is the fault of eu/usa or a direct consequence of their play with the fire , but they could have dealt the situation a bit more prudently . 
  some german newspaper ( taz ) compared the loss in those sanctions to a violent storm ( like literally a thunderstorm ) , which is not that bad , is it . 
  the numbers only work for germany herself though . 
  for other countries things might be worse . 
  cheap drones make for great promo videos . 
  love it . 
  it has such a positive vibe . 
  oh , this is just unbelievable . 
  never ever would anyone have expected this . 
  economists hate him . 
  margarine is exactly what ukraine needs since it 's being fucked by both russia and the eu . 
  not to mention the us of a. 
  that is what i meant by the german speaking population having roots but no fatherland . 
  you ca n't call them austrians , since they do not even have an austrian passport and many will actually refuse to be called austrian . 
  you ca n't call them german just because that 's the language they speak . 
  you perhaps can call them italian , but that is also sometimes frowned upon , since they do not speak italian and many do n't identify with the italian state . 
  what 's left is to call them tyroleans , which also has some backwardness attached to it , as tyrol has been split almost 100 years ago and since then the word tyrolean has mostly been reserved for the north tyroleans and separatists that still hold up the idea of `` one tyrol '' . 
  the ladins are lucky they live in beautiful valleys that are well exploited touristically . 
  so i mean , they do have money and stuff . 
  their population , however , does n't even reach half the number of foreigners living in south tyrol . 
  so what i am trying to say , identity can be an issue in alto adige / s\u00fcdtirol . 
  thank god italy is shutting us up with lots of money and tourists , otherwise it would be pretty bad . 
  so simcity 's become boring, 
  so everyone gets to choose for themselves who is half great power ? 
  well there are people who say `` s\u00fcdtirol ist nicht italien '' ( south tyrol is not italy ) while others keep repeating `` siamo in italia ! '', 
  ( we 're in italy here ) and most of the people just do n't care enough to even be bothered with those extremists from both sides . 
  also , who is it you are referring to that is one nationality ?
