sugar from their subsidized corn crops if we are talking about europe here , the sugar comes from sugar beets . 
  * you do realise not everyone here understands german , right ? 
  this would make a good costume movie set 19th century lithuania with some dramatic love triangle . 
  preferably the guys should get more screentime , as the women 's clothes look like any random traditional costume from europe . 
  this movie needs to happen . 
  i would dig that, 
  dat accent, 
  as is everything else, 
  players gon na play play play play play, 
  i 'm sorry to say this , but this is really ugly . 
  these days italian passports are among the most beautiful ones of the eu , why change that ? 
  you have a way with words . 
  sch\u00e4uble seems to clash with everyone these days . 
  the best part , which is austria suing , is missing in the headline . 
  yeah it should , but what i mean is italy should go full on spanish on this thing . 
  there will always be opposition to the bill , whether it is called marriage or civil union . 
  so just push that thing through already . 
  if italy keeps acting like this , we will end up with a mess of legislation about this matter ( e.g. 
  like austria ) . 
  if the parliament works any slower , we might just as well let the courts and magistrati legalise that thing , as they have slowly aimed to do in the last months . 
  i think this should be a non-issue . 
  just change some paragraph in the marriage law instead of copy-pasting a whole new bill which is unnecessarily discriminating . 
  also , i should perhaps consider changing my flair in this sub to the italian flag . 
  remarkable !, 
  til, 
  italy should get over herself and just go straight to dark blue . 
  if the spanish can be blue , why not italy . 
  it 's a shame . 
  just wanted to stop by and say i love your comment . 
  and the fitting username . 
  another currency prettier than the euro . 
  i feel like within the romance languages , portuguese is the odd one out . 
  then i must have been misinformed . 
  i multiplied , but i guess i was wrong . 
  this makes me think how i read in some german newspaper that germany has nothing to fear since they have isolation stations with a total capacity of 16 ( ! ), 
  beds . 
  for the whole country . 
  now i 'm worried . 
  to be fair , they do have some batshit crazy ideas . 
  i mean , a party of , what , 8 % on national level forcing their ideas on germany every election period is pretty bad , is n't it . 
  nuff said . 
  another case of gay or european . 
  silly muricans , just call it freedom cheese , if you ca n't call it parmigiano and taleggio anymore . 
  way to go , sisyphos !, 
  this headline is bad . 
  just because some madman from the csu ( which is a mad party to begin with ) says something , does n't mean anything . 
  the csu needs abwracking ( = scrapping ) already !, 
  omfg is that europa regina picture hideous . 
  what i find shocking is , as a european who has never been to the us , all i know about the states is from movies and my perception of the whole of the usa has been shaped basically by hollywood . 
  and this deep religiosity never shows through . 
  these differences in moral issues are not something you see in movies . 
  as a child , if anything , i always thought europe would be more conservative/religious than the us . 
  when we talk about oettinger , i would invite you all to learn a new german word : fremdsch\u00e4men . 
  this means feeling ashamed for someone else . 
  oettinger is an embarrassment for the eu . 
  that said , being a celebrity , taking nudes and storing them online is really stupid . 
  i feel like i 'm in / r/nottheonion today . 
  i ca n't bear this guy anymore . 
  all this mama 's boy does is talk talk talk and everybody loves him for that . 
  what he is doing is a domestic feel good programme and a big promotional effort directed at the rest of europe . 
  we can be thankful that with berlusconi having lost a whole lot of influence and being gone for good , there is a prime minister who is determined to stay for more than say two years . 
  but still , italy is not moving , it is mostly just a big show , as always . 
  furthermore : shish . 
   they poke your penis like any sane person would, 
  i hate hipster vampires , too . 
   i got yelled at by a woman that 's tough , but do n't you try to avoid ignoring red lights when children are around ? 
   i even carried 10k $ for buying a car , because ... just cash is the real deal . 
  in italy , this is illegal . 
  what a charitable company your credit card company is !, 
  oh how i would like to live in america if everything there is free and paid for by others . 
   in an interest-earning account lol . 
  and at the end of the year you can buy a pack of chewing gum with all dem dollars you got in interests . 
  i hate the snobbism that comes with subtitles . 
  or rather , the people who prefer them . 
   no , the ` first safe country ' is a guideline rather than a law no , in the eu the first country to register the refugee is the one they have to seek asylum in . 
  this is also a reason why germany is butt mad that italy sometimes just does n't register the incoming african refugees and lets them go farther north . 
  of course this policy benefits germany along with all the other northern countries . 
  edit : obviously i was misinformed , sorry about that . 
  i certainly do n't , at least not in medium terms . 
  the eu should be careful , the ukraine will still be more than the eu can chew for a long time . 
  the whole padania separatism is purely economically motivated . 
  they do n't want to keep sustaining the south . 
  it 's like germans hating to have to pay for greece and thus leaving the eu . 
  not gon na happen . 
  s\u00fcdtirol / alto adige might be a different story , however , since the cultural and linguistic barrier adds to the separatism movement . 
  u doin the bilingual / r/europe fad wrong . 
  great map , but less flags would improve readability . 
   we can work with the chinese to effectively cut moscow out of future consideration . 
  china would never . 
  it saddens me to see the situation in hungary . 
  the eu needs to speak up on this cause , although it is the people themselves who have to protest and make change happen . 
  scheduling a referendum based on a `` certain '' prediction of the outcome can backfire , too , you know . 
   then probably the piigs but ... but berlusconi is too old for that kind of thing now . 
  that woman should just book the building of daycare centers as military expenses already . 
  keep in mind some crazy politician woman did say on the swiss news some weeks ago , it is not important for the children to learn french early on ( so basically we can do away with that ) , the important thing is getting to know the culture and listening to french music . 
  i kid you not . 
  too few languages !, 
  especially if i look at the responses here . 
  on the other hand , i do n't really like talking with people that much , so there 's that . 
  i am self-concious about my chinese as it is , so i 'm sorry if i got defensive ,
