  which means more germany for all of us . 
  what is this sorcery :(, 
   people are n't going to vote for the afd more because he won . 
  right . 
  the us voted , but everything is about germany . 
  sorry to break it to you , but it was probably germany 's . 
   five of the ten strongest militaries in the world in nato ( the uk , france , germany , turkey , italy ) but turkey despises europe . 
  y' all are [ so cute ] ( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/scandanaviaandtheworld/images/a/af/sverige.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20110831215711 ) arguing about how bad winters are up there . 
  i 've been to gothenburg , it 's real pretty . 
  it must be bad in the winter , though . 
  but it 's snowing in half of europe . 
  why sweden where there 's snow from august to may ( probably ! ) . 
  just kidding ... ^ ( or am i ? ), 
   open supermarkets at train stations if you 've ever been to a bahnhofs-spar/billa/whatever on a sunday you know that austria wants sunday shopping and they want it bad . 
  to me , it 's clear that developmental aid as practised by the developed countries has not worked well so far . 
  that 's why i am curious how the approach that the chinese are taking is going to work out . 
  of course the chinese do n't do it out of charity and altruism , but they are upfront about their motives . 
  or it could go differently and the chinese help the continent develop , which is something the west has failed to do for decades . 
  perhaps the hashtag will be #\u6211\u7231\u4f60\u4e2d\u56fd # ( i love you , china ) or f *** you , china - but only time will tell how this goes . 
  because all the young people before and after this one-time-giveaway are fucked over by the government for no reason . 
  because italy is a mess and free money for people who probably need other things more is not the way to go . 
  also , i did not say anything about the middle east or bombs or tanks . 
  that 's just something you invented because your argument is very thin . 
  bear in mind , this is not money that italy * has * . 
  because italy is broke and has been for years . 
  therefore , claiming that spending * this money * on bombs is the only other alternative is so ridiculous on so many levels . 
  this is terrible . 
  i think italy tries again and again to be as shortsighted as possible . 
  congratulations , mr renzi , you did it !, 
  my dear swan now you are overdriving it . 
  we 'll always have pellets . 
  i love how people in this thread defend this by halving the numbers to `` represent the whole of the uk '' when that 's obviously statistical bullshit . 
  just another regular day in erdoland . 
  you said it in a simple way , 12:30 pm , the 44th year . 
  how strange that i do n't know you at all . 
  stumbled through the long goodbye , one last kiss , just out of spite , right when i was just about to fall i told myself , `` do n't get attached , '' but in my mind i play it back , spinning faster than the campaign that took you ... and this is when the feeling sinks in , i do n't wan na miss you like this . 
  come back ... uk , come back ... uk . 
  i guess you 're in london today , i do n't wan na need you this way , come back ... uk , come back ... uk . 
  how about faxing it ? 
  no my dear children , grandma is not dead , she is alive in all of us !, 
  she simply adapted . 
  german engineering . 
  i feel like austria is being robbed using this * technically * correct argument . 
  but my point for strau\u00df still stands . 
  they are as austrian as can be . 
  i 'm so sorry to hear that :(, 
   mozart or strauss do you even geography ? 
  nena songs are still one of the best things german music has ever achieved . 
  [ but that 's not the original ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=la4dcd1auce ) . 
  the last picture , with the tail , is just wrong . 
  that might be dependent on your bildung \u00b4 s niveau if you like doing that or not . 
  i do n't . 
  good thing the irish and the basques got their shit together these days . 
   left wing i thought they were stealing young \u00d6vp voters . 
  is that not so ? 
  so that 's what that eurovision song from a few years ago was all about . 
  til . 
  i love the consistency in the german one , but the eagle and the colors are just ugly af ; that 's not the germans ' fault , though . 
  the austrian ones , on the other hand , are a mess . 
  i bet there 's someone in your government who has a friend that does graphic design and stuff - so why not get him a gazillion jobs to do for the government instead of just one . 
  in fact - why not get him a gazillion jobs every few years . 
  it would n't surprise me if mr. kern changed them all again . 
  fresh ideas !, 
   personal-ausweis you should do away with the ugly bindestrich , though . 
  i know . 
  but i like pointing out how people from the uk * linguistically * do n't see themselves as a part of europe . 
  i know it 's not intentional , but it 's always fun to see the reactions . 
  and here 's me thinking he 's just saying the same thing over and over again with different geographical places . 
  sorta like a mailmerge in ms word . 
  sounds like some sort of eastern european nazi gay porn . 
  just wanted to quickly say i 'm really glad croatia is finally `` in this club '' . 
  and i also hope this ship is not sinking in the near future . 
  what you said about the swedish members of eu parliament is also valid the other way around : croatian politicians influencing the politics of the union . 
  yes , we should pay more attention to what 's happening in other eu countries , but we should also send good people to represent us in the eu institutions . 
  the problem is that a lot of the time , politicians with no use at home are sent to bruxelles because they * ca n't do much harm there * ( or something like that ) . 
  just look at the german guy oettinger . 
  i hope croatia does it right from the beginning , 
   from uk  visiting europe i did n't know you guys were * physically * leaving europe . 
  no it does n't . 
  but is it slanted enough to walk on and lie down on ? 
   the best ( dynamic ) performances that atrocity of a song with the ice skater on a rink the size of a piece of paper disagrees with that . 
  and i still do n't know how the walking on the canvas worked !, 
  how did sergey do that ?!, 
   ukraine  eu oh my gawd , do you guys up there in sweden not do geography ? 
  this is ridiculous . 
  russia nominates a singer in a wheelchair knowing that ukraine is not keen on making an exception for her to enter their country when others who have entered crimea via russia can not . 
  and ukraine is dumb enough to take the bait . 
  what a shit show . 
  like , did ukraine not see the bad press coming with this move ? 
  ukraine deserves all the bad press they are going to get for this . 
  that 's not to say russia is not to blame for this , but ukraine could have maybe reacted in a way that does n't make the song contest appear in a bad light . 
  the thing is , i love eurovision and it 's a shame russia and ukraine are ruining it this year . 
  but refugees do n't want eastern europe , either . 
  triggered !, 
  the song contest is the best thing ever !, 
  i know i 'm triggered by this never ending story of * in a month we will tell you when we will tell the eu that we are getting a divorce * . 
  just let the shitshow start and get this over with . 
  so it 's the economy . 
  it 's the same with northern italy wanting the south gone because they only cost money . 
  you caught me !,
