  strange fruit unites europe, 
  well when did such a thing ever happen in recent history ? 
  is n't focus just bild in a different layout and on fancy paper ? 
   how many courts of europe speak french as their language of choice ? 
  the european court of justice , for one . 
  which is also a * court * ( as proven by its name ) and [ its working language ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_court_of_justice#procedure_and_working_languages ) is in fact french . 
  it 's appalling how these beautiful pictures ( ok , some are just mediocre ) can evoke such bitterness in the comments . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.usegalileo.eu/en/inner.html#data=smartphone ) you have the official info site on devices that support galileo . 
  i 'm very excited about this . 
  i just need to wait until my phone dies of old age so i can buy a new one that supports galileo . 
  i love her music , though !, 
  i can not get used to this new name . 
  to be fair , renzi does look like a school boy . 
  the fat kind . 
  true . 
  hillary clinton kept rambling about that glass ceiling even after she had lost . 
  merkel rose to power without being idolised by that kind of #imwithher shit show that went down in the us . 
  merkel just does the job and it basically does n't matter that she is a woman . 
  and no one would trace her decisions back to inherently feminine qualities . 
  she is great , in that sense . 
  step-mom ^ ? 
   here 's what the uk did instead :   1 . 
  brexit referendum is counted you forgot : 2 \\ . 
  cameron goes home because ai n't nobody got time for this shit . 
  chaos ensues, 
  an uninspired slogan in a language that is not english ( because of one letter and a space , to be precise ) is not exactly * culturally distinct * , though . 
  * einfach freundlich * is the blandest thing i have heard in a while . 
  are they trying to attract old people ? 
  then we are on the same page here . 
  why would the eu allow pre-negotiations , if it is only to her harm . 
  why give up the only leverage we have . 
  i do n't think the eu wants to cause political chaos in the uk . 
  the uk is good at causing the chaos on her own , as the scottish independence votum and brexit have shown . 
   crossing a set of borders but one border only once as an honest citizen , i must start by being pedantic at parties : where does this go into the proof of your claim ? 
  do we even need borders for the path ? 
   of course the uk and the eu could sit down and work this out in a nice orderly fashion . 
  but you know , they ca n't , because the eu is currently forbidding pre-negotiations . 
  if the uk really wants to leave , they should make it official and file for divorce ( or article 50 , as they call it these days ) . 
  then negotiations can be done . 
  why would anyone need pre-negotiations if it 's clear the uk wants to go ? 
  the uk is stalling on the issue of brexit , not the eu . 
  you need to understand it at least . 
  the future tense pops up everywhere even when you are not talking about future events . 
  and then you need to be able to distinguish it from the passive . 
  do n't make false claims on what you need or do n't need in german . 
  these are ridiculous premises . 
  without an eu , greece would have never been in such a situation . 
  greece . 
  no , it is of course a hyperbolic statement , but just because it is grotesquely exaggerated , does n't mean that there is not a grain of truth to it . 
  just imagine italy leading europe . 
  we would be a mess . 
   saying `` this is alternativlos '' is a kind of leading no , she basically just follows the * weltgeist * . 
  this is not about wanting . 
  germany as it is nowadays is the natural leader in europe , because economy . 
  refusing this role does n't make the fact less true . 
  defecting to the good side is an excellent choice for a honeymoon !, 
  the use will welcome you and your future spouse with open arms !, 
  ps : if you end up forever alone , do n't hesitate to do the honeymoon on your own , though . 
  is n't he too old , anyways ? 
   she has some very strong principles remember the times when she was all for nuclear energy in times when germany had decided to phase out their nuclear plants . 
  and then a wave on the other side of the planet caused her to fall out of love with nuclear power all of a sudden , causing germany to do a 360 on this issue within a decade . 
  remember the times when it was all over the newspapers that merkel made a young refugee girl cry because she told her that ( as she phrased it ) we can not say that all of you can come because that would be too much . 
  and then basically everyone came when she opened the gate , figuratively speaking . 
  yeah , she got some principles . 
  i hope we get to see those during her next term ( s ) . 
  i would watch this movie !, 
  the eu has all the leverage , if they are willing to sacrifice just for the sake of making the uk bleed . 
  but when was the eu ever malicious enough to do something like that ? 
  good guy eu ... 
  some people claim that with the eu , germany now accomplished what two wars could not : subdue and dominate europe . 
  with the financial crisis , it finally happened . 
  or so they say . 
  i do n't really agree with that , though . 
  new century , new luck !, 
  when was merkel ever a leader ? 
  when did she ever * lead * ? 
  she has no vision , she is like a public official . 
  she smothers politics with her diction of * alternativlosigkeit * . 
  i actually realised i 'd accidentally made a mistake in my comment above . 
  she is not * incapable * but she is * incapable of leading * ( domestically , and even more so in europe ) . 
  and because she has such a large base in her home country and germany is doing so well economically ( maybe at the expense of other euro countries ) , germany is kind of forced into the leading position . 
  now if the * leader * refuses to * lead * , then that will be bad for the union . 
  when has merkel ever led europe ? 
  she has coerced other member states into a fiscal compact - which is a contract that yielded limited success to say the least . 
  other than that and the infamous refugee situation last year , there 's not much that i remember . 
  of course it 's not only that she is * unwilling * to lead , she is also unpredictable in her actions . 
  how is that good for europe ? 
  also , it is not healthy for a country to be ruled by the same person for decades . 
  you guys are joking now about kohl , * ewiger kanzler * , and how everything went stale during his years . 
  but you might just end up with merkel , * ewigere kanzlerin * . 
  madam alternativlos it is , then !, 
  this is the death of europe . 
  the eu does not need a germany as strong as it is with a woman in charge that 's as incapable as her . 
   i would the uk becones part of a future use no , we will implement a * one europe policy * where all countries on earth are forced to end diplomatic relations with the uk as it is a rightful part of * use proper * . 
  of course the usa will back the ungrateful province island and oppse mainland use . 
  cross ~ ~ strait ~ ~ channel relations will be tense , but it will work out fine in the end . 
  entstuckung is a beautiful word . 
  got ta love german for those creations !, 
  the english only capitalise themselves , i.e. 
  how rude .
