  it is with lombardia , veneto and all of that lega nord separatism . 
  yeah , in fact those separatists are batshit crazy . 
  ask them how the weather is and their answer will be , it would be better in austria . 
  i kid you not . 
   `` il duce '' [ ... ] and hitler struck in a deal in 1939 whereby german-speakers could settle elsewhere in the third reich . 
  yeah , no that [ story ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_tyrol_option_agreement ) was different . 
  it was either go to the reich whereever they might send you and keep your language and culture while losing your home land or stay and be forced to lose your language and your culture while keeping your home land . 
  it was just a terrible decision to burden the people with . 
  `` luckily '' the war ended all that jazz , otherwise south tyrolians might find themselves on crimea today or something like that , as there were rumours floating around at that time that once hitler had conquered the [ `` lebensraum im osten '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lebensraum ) there would be enough land for south tyrolians on crimea . 
  side note : i do n't quite remember , but the thing with putin 's annexion of crimea was a funny thing for all those separatists since they should all be in favour , but on the other hand they hate russians because of the war and whatnot . 
  what is special and difficult about south tyrol today is that it is basically a region with two major linguistic groups . 
  germans have lived there for centuries along with some italians in the southern part . 
  after the ascension of fascism more and more italians were moved here . 
  this did n't cease until the 1960s or so . 
  and while those groups get along nowadays , it 's more an unspoken two separate societies kind of agreement . 
  so now south tyrol is a country housing two groups , italians who have no roots but a fatherland , and germans who have roots but lost their fatherland . 
  the only hope , the only way to solve this is further unification of the eu . 
  no other way will work , as any referendum about secession would tear up old wounds and be pretty terrible for society as a whole . 
  what if germans are only happy when they are unhappy ? 
  chancellor merkel has my fullest confidence . 
   hey dont be mean . 
  ftfy . 
  this needs moar tunnels !, 
  i know that austria has some crazy tunnel projects going on , but the one between munich and innsbruck is something i had n't seen before . 
  yeah sure gott erhalte franz den kaiser , but i mean most probably the empire would have fallen either way once glorious kaiser franz josef had eventually bitten the dust . 
   the people of the continent are too different . 
  we have interventionists and pacifists , homophobes and feminists , bankers and farmers . 
  so how is it on your island of interventionist feminist bankers ? 
  i just hope the uk itself is n't too diverse . 
  yea i ca n't wait for conchita queen of europe . 
  in all seriousness , though , i do n't think the k.u.k. 
  glory will come back just because of some monarch sitting on the throne and being all cultural and stuff . 
  the fall of the habsburg empire was more a result and a symptome than a cause . 
  you are so right . 
  there are two options for europe . 
  unification towards a federal state or a united states of europe , thus staying somewhat important in world politics . 
  a strong europe both economically and diplomatically relies on unity . 
  the other option is staying national states and sinking into oblivion . 
  europe will have no weight in international politics and will struggle to stay economically relevant if we continue this way . 
  that is not to say that people in europe ca n't have a good life in world-political oblivion . 
  switzerland is doing great on their `` island of bliss '' , but they are politically irrelevant . 
  so if europeans want to live in a strong country who maintains some weight in international politics and diplomacy , if europeans want to stay relevant , unity is the only way . 
  if europeans want to have a nice life and want to be left alone already , just go on as usual . 
  for now it will work just fine . 
   i want to live in a country where i 'm not persecuted for me speaking my language assuming you speak polish in poland i do n't think you are persecuted at the moment and you wo n't be in the future . 
  if you speak some other language in poland or the language you speak and the country you live in do n't align in any other way , chances are you would be less discriminated against in a more unified europe . 
   believing for what i believe in chances are discrimination will become less in a united and therefore more diverse europe . 
   loving people i love , and having the ancestors i have . 
  why do you have the feeling you are persecuted in the first place ? 
  and if you already lived in a state where all of this is reality there would really be even less of an incentive for a federate europe . 
  seen that countries like germany and austria do n't even manage to have a homogeneous school system for their whole country , but have every bundesland do their own thing , we are in desperate need of standardisation and simplification . 
  and that is not even talking about the differences between different countries . 
  and then think about every other law that is different for every single country . 
  further unification would save us probably some money and nerves in the long run . 
  i , too , think a united states of europe or a federal state of europe should be the goal , but the national states are never going to give up their privileges . 
  i think they still need to expel all them spies . 
  amount of trucks given : 280 amount of fucks given : 0, 
  time for the spinn-off / r/ofeurope to rise . 
  i would prefer an album together with 27 other twin towers . 
   if your wages are n't getting adjusted . 
  that 's how germany came to rule the eu . 
  i do n't believe in adjusting the number of gratuating students ( i.e. 
  places at university ) according to the jobs available . 
  this has written failure and [ pork cycle ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pork_cycle ) written all over it . 
  if a gazillion people want to study something with media and marketing , let them study , if they want to . 
  if they do n't find the job they studied for because there is a metric fuckton of other people who studied the same thing nobody needs , well - that 's life . 
   we have far too many students in low ranking universities if everyone studied at high ranking universities , those degrees would become next to worthless too . 
  or am i mistaking here ? 
  it saddens me that italy is going down . 
  on the other hand i am happy for poland , they do deserve their success . 
   it will take many generations before we get rid of this plague upon the earth unfortunately , i do n't think we will . 
  der stern is pretty tabloidized , the online version even more so than the printed one . 
  both i would n't recommend , unless you are into dramatic stories and tragic turns of fate . 
  the cartoons , however , are pretty good . 
  the printed version of der spiegel is still one of the best periodicals . 
  okay , talking about online newspapers , i personally have come to really like the faz . 
  but that is just a personal preference . 
  die zeit is also very good . 
  i would describe it differently . 
  it is the worst of the serious german online newspapers . 
  it is not quite as tabloidised as stern or focus but decisively worse than die zeit or s\u00fcddeutsche , and the print version is still significantly better than the online version . 
  spon is getting worse every day now . 
  the quality of their articles is deteriorating by the minute . 
  and spon was n't even that good to begin with . 
  now i 'm scared, 
  ... right ? 
  even if deep down the uk would rather float across the ocean to live with her son murica than keep being stuck over here with all those terribly intrusive neighbours . 
  next up : wolves of europe, 
  fair enough, 
  first , in bavaria the cucumbers are growing too quickly !, 
  1000 tons have already had to be trown away !, 
  i think germany needs some aid . 
  have you been watching studio aperto again ? 
  just leave the fish to rot and sell it to the swedes . 
  are you saying serbia and the eu will meet in the middle economically ? 
  funny how this could be a slogan of the austrian fp\u00d6 voted for by 20 % of the people . 
   maybe future generations will think of the early 21st century as a golden age now i 'm worried, 
   we had polls if conscription as such would be abolished or not . 
  i did not claim otherwise . 
  what i meant is that the status quo prevailed over any doubts .
