  i just added the economy because i thought it must be a big economy with a country as big as turkey is . 
  i also think the eu should just relinquish this strategy of threatening not to let turkey sit at their fancyy eu table . 
  the eu needs to be brutally honest for once . 
  even if large portions of the union did n't oppose turkey joining , i still think that a country of that size is not something the eu can digest for now . 
  it 's just too big . 
  the economy is too big , there 's too many people . 
  it would n't work . 
  as a matter of fact , i do n't think we should take in any new countries in the foreseeable future . 
  who wants to join this sinking ship anyways , amiright ? 
  for italians , learning french is not an unreasonable demand if the lexical similarity is something like 85 % ( feel free to correct me with the exact number ) and grammar is in large parts identical . 
  yours is a petty argument . 
   at least they have the decency not to complain about said treatment you need to get your facts straight . 
  there 's complaints from right-wing parties all the time for petty things . 
  even though the status quo is pretty great . 
  listen to the germans !, 
  what are relative babies ? 
  can someone who knows the situation tell me what 's the general picture in terms of who supports or opposes independence of catalonia ? 
  is is just economical reasons ? 
  is it related to the different languages ? 
  and would n't that be a bit silly with catalan and spanish being so closely related ? 
  and why ca n't spain just shut the catalans ' mouth with money , much like italy is doing with s\u00fcdtirol / alto adige and the german-speaking local population ? 
   measured regularly for our passports you get measured for that ? 
  here they just ask you how tall you are and what eye colour you have . 
  i literally do n't know what colour my eyes really are . 
  i just picked one . 
  but i 'm also taller on paper than irl . 
  so there 's that . 
  issuing travel warnings for turkey should do the job , diverting the tourists to greece . 
  then let him release the refugees if he needs to . 
  using them as a `` weapon '' against the eu is the most deplorable thing he could do , really . 
  but if the eu is prepared for this , i do n't think it will be an unsurmountable problem . 
  and i hope the people in bruxelles did n't let the last year go by without planning the unthinkable . 
  there would be ugly pictures , but we ca n't let erdogan blackmail the eu for any longer . 
  they should put up a trigger warning !, 
  seriously though , i like machines better than humans . 
  silly erdo , we all know [ the wollnys are going to be europe 's future ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3d2gqwzj8k0 ) . 
   ~ ~ \u00d6xit ~ ~   ~ ~ nexit ~ ~   frexit got ta use them portmanteaus !, 
  cool guy . 
  another day , another case of * turkey or north korea * . 
  mayhaps you could ask russia if they want to split a country with you and your friends . 
  we should start playing this game called * turkey or north korea * with those headlines because i ca n't keep erdokim apart by their erratic statements anymore . 
  if by * normal format * you mean discussing whatever dull topic the * tatort * put a spotlight on , then this might be true . 
  i never claimed the * normal format * is frau merkel sitting there and chatting about her world view and potato soup , either , so there 's that . 
  ... or she just lets mutti talk for an hour because who needs journalism , right ? 
  i feel like anne will and her tv station just want to reap the sweet viewing figures using controversial topics while not discussing them in an adequate manner . 
  what anne will does is not journalism , she just lets the turkish minister say whatever outrageous things he wants without even pointing out that most of it is lying and non-answering of precise questions . 
  furthermore , i think the turkish minister hopping back and forth between languages was a joke and he should have been stopped doing so because it was ridiculous . 
  like , just stick to turkish altogether if you think your german is not good enough , and spare us this circus . 
  if you like stepping into sea urchins , sure . 
  i 'm joking , but not really though . 
  and i always thought italy does fractal politics best . 
   glad we have people like the dutch in the eu it 's a shame merkel is too weak to even react to erdogan anymore . 
  thank god someone is finally standing up against the bullshit they have been bringing on for so long now . 
  you should go there on a vacation . 
  it 's pretty . 
  ryanair flies there . 
  this is not a paid advertisement . 
  twelve months, 
   and it even has snake has technology gone too far ? 
  european space technology gives me such a boner, 
  which should be the default sorting on / r/europe anyways . 
  i ca n't anymore !, 
  with all of those * the most xy * posts !, 
  please make it stahp !, 
  also , it 's technically a province and not a region . 
  oh , i just noticed !, 
  that 's so sad !, 
  they must have been very lonely all alone with no one to talk with :( ^ ^ ( / s ), 
  china is a great country , it really is . 
  and believe me when i say that they have some very hard working people , it 's a fact . 
  and you can trust me , i know some of them . 
  they built a second hallstatt and the chinese paid for it . 
  it 's true . 
  it 's the best hallstatt you will ever see . 
  tremendous . 
  i would know , because i saw a picture of it on reddit , which is a great site by the way , the best , with a yuge amount of jpeg artifacts on it . 
  you ca n't argue against that . 
  but [ everything ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bolzano#linguistic_distribution ) [ else ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glurns#linguistic_distribution ) about the title is wrong . 
  it 's back in the headlines because we are getting sick of the lame news about trump . 
  you 're so sweet !, 
  i did open it , but i did n't scroll down after the first picture because i did n't really care enough to see more pictures of that pizza . 
  how do you bake such a thing ? 
  there is no country macedonia . 
  there is only fyrom . 
  so in a sense the headline is right . 
  and the article , i did n't read that so there 's that . 
  i hate how these posts in the comments always turn into a contest who 's the prettiest and who the ugliest . 
  i know , it 's so entertaining , right ? 
  the only thing is that now and then i have to remind myself that * this is real life * and then i 'm sad . 
  we like feeling superior to the us . 
  and with trump , we finally have a reason to do so . 
  and the media love him . 
  it 's true . 
  they love hating him and filling their pages with the most outrageous minuscle news bits about him . 
  i think the problem with the travel ban was its execution - basically over night with no exceptions and no common sense . 
  the media just want the clicks and * trump so stoopid look at this racist mad man * works well for that . 
  that 's what everyone wants to know . 
  but you will have to click to find out . 
  in all seriousness , though - i was not aware of the connotations of this term . 
  i was only loosely quoting the worst internet ads about weight loss .
