  cheap ( forced ) labour , sexism - whatever , right ? 
  now austrian politicians even want to have the civil service people help out in kindergardens . 
  price dumping on labour costs is what this is , and nothing else . 
  on top of the blatant sexism that is . 
   a surplus recycling mechanism are you referring to the target balances that got out of hand ever since the crisis started ? 
  as in , the young are in favour of it ? 
  it might be worth noting that austria is so backward the voters declined to abolish conscription altogether . 
  that was an affirmative action of the baby boomers to keep the young in this sick system . 
  `` because if i suffered it , everyone should have to . '', 
  them demographics are showing , austria . 
  yet the european court of justice still uses french as a working language . 
  germany seems to go out of her way to replace good german with bad english . 
  and the fun part is : they are even proud of it . 
  i am still waiting for airport firefighters simulator simulator to come out . 
  i really want to play something that simulates the masterpiece that is airport firefighter simulator . 
  this hurts my eyes . 
  badly . 
  talking about austria , is the whole nachname vs. familienname thing already resolved ? 
  do the married gays still get their surnames unhyphenated if they choose to take on the same one ? 
  does the \u00d6vp feel any more comfortable than merkel with the gays ? 
  i mean , having someone write a new version of the marriage law that is deliberately worse in many aspects just to discriminate against gay people is something only the conservatives can pull off . 
  stripping them of their familienname in favour of a nachname - now that is just fucking immature . 
  well , you see ... merkel just does n't feel that whole gay marriage thing in her bauchgef\u00fchl . 
  you do have to understand that !, 
  still makes me sad only berlusconi was ever able to form a government that lasted for more than three years . 
  i always thought that no one liked germany , not even the germans themselves like germany . 
  but here we have a classic case of * bei uns in deutschland ist alles besser * . 
  this is surprising . 
  just watching that press conference with merkel makes me think it is unreasonable and irresponible to let those people pull an all-nighter and decide the future of an entire country in such an exhausted state . 
  this is athens calling . 
  thank you for the fantastic show . 
  and here we go for the greek votes ... 
  i 'm afraid those things are too complicated for swabian housewives to understand . 
  we need to think more about crime and punishment here . 
  i did n't say it was a good solution , either . 
  if we are honest it is n't even an ideal solution in the us , either . 
  a 5-4 decision in court and even the need to let some unelected courts decide this is not something to be proud of . 
  one might argue that human rights are not something to vote on etc. 
  however , fact is , the eu does n't even encourage countries to adopt legislation in this field . 
  i refuse to read german media these days . 
  i get the feeling their agenda of bashing greece is showing even more than usual . 
  + + + breaking news + + + austria , belgium , cyprus , estonia , finland , france , germany , ireland , italy , latvia , lithuania , luxembourg , malta , netherlands , portugal , slovakia , slovenia and spain to leave both the eurozone and the eu and return to the previous currency of the ~ ~ german ~ ~ european mark . 
  chancellor merkel is reportedly glad everyone was able to keep greece in the eurozone , as a grexit would have been fatal for the economy of the crisis-stricken country . 
  just do it like murrica did it . 
  let the european court of justice solve this thing . 
  problem is , [ it refuses to do so ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schalk_and_kopf_v_austria ) . 
  the k.u.k. 
  is still strong in slovenia , i guess . 
  mother russia just ca n't handle the fabulousness of some of her children , is all . 
  also this issue is n't going to turn most people 's vote around . 
  so it 's easy for politicians to let it slip . 
  homophobia is one of the worst word creations of the last decades . 
  the word * phobia * is meant to designate fears . 
  we do n't say someone is semitophobe , we do n't say someone is gynophobe . 
  and xenophobia is not the same as racism . 
  why do n't we make such distinctions with * homophobia * as well ? 
  this is hilarious . 
   pkw-maut under her watch . 
  no you must be mistaken . 
  mutti merkel [ clearly said on national television ] ( https://youtu.be/iyuhd2-oxdg?t=61 ) that with her , there will be no pkw-maut . 
  if only she would be held accountable for the things she said . 
  but no , the csu gets what the csu wants . 
  they are really maxing out the 8 % of the votes they got . 
  after all , we all know how important [ family values ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/nachwuchs-seehofer-ist-wieder-vater-geworden-a-488674.html ) are to him . 
  it is unworthy of a european democracy that boasts about human rights and equality and all of those empty words to let the courts settle this . 
  basically , it 's a disgrace that the parliament does n't have the guts to make the laws they will inevitably be forced to make in the near future , anyways . 
  but who am i to judge . 
  italy is in the process of copying that whole german mess . 
  only with a delay of what , a decade ? 
  :( i am so sorry for how greece is treated these days . 
  i hope you do n't read any german media because they are really awful these days . 
  more despicable than ever . 
  yeah instead of just redacting two or three words in the marriage laws i 'd rather have the \u00d6vp write a new version for the gays , eliminating everything the lord does n't want the gays to have . 
  it is not only the reasonable thing to do , but also the easiest way to solve this . 
  germany needs the media to do an anti-merkel campaign on this issue instead of constantly hailing her as saviour of greece , defender of austerity and uncrowned queen of europe . 
  if i remember correctly her only argument on the whole issue of gay marriage has been that she personally does n't feel comfortable with the gays adopting children . 
  waiting for the courts to solve this issue is cheap and cowardly . 
  you see , only a man and a harem of ~ ~ women ~ ~ young girls make a bunga bunga . 
  that 's how god wanted it . 
  it has always been this way and it will always stay like this . 
  there is no way two men or two women can be a bunga bunga . 
  these are true italian family values . 
  this whole issue is handled terribly by the government . 
  why ca n't italy make a bold move like spain did and just open the institution of marriage ? 
  it would probably take less than amending two sentences in the marriage laws ( that i am not familiar with ) . 
  did n't the cavaliere state some time ago that he was all for the gays and stuff ? 
  why is this still an issue ? 
  just push it through the parliament already . 
  this is just ridiculous . 
  not as ridiculous as germany on this subject but still terrible . 
  i never noticed we had such attractive money back then . 
  however , a lot of people still reminisce about the times when they could buy a coffee for 20 lire or something like that . 
  next thing you know , serving suggestions all over the packaging . 
  i personally would suggest serving this infusion of everything but raspberries on a table full of raspberries . 
  the adventure bunny can skate on the saucer , if it wants to . 
  another problem solved . 
  is this why eesti can not into nordic ? 
  my native language is german , but still thank you , i appreciate the effort . 
  i cringe when i hear german pronouncing it * schemie * , though ; and i insist there are enough people out there who do in fact pronounce it that way . 
  well [ wikipedia ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/chemie ) seems to disagree with you :  chemie ( [ \u00e7e\u02c8mi  ; mittel - und norddeutsch auch [ \u0283e\u02c8mi  ; s\u00fcddeutsch : [ ke\u02c8mi ,
