just trying to help man , if you want to make a point i would edit it . 
  just leave out the swearing and the bolding and it 's perfectly fine . 
  it comes across pretty shouty right now . 
  i agree with you , but the way you wrote this really makes me want to disagree with you . 
  if the eu wants to deal with this issue as a collective , this needs to happen . 
  everyone needs to pull their weight . 
  rome = the city of rome , nothing more . 
  anything outside of the city did n't really count , and was just land to exploit . 
  with nationalism , however , it works differently because it 's about a much larger area ( the country , not the city ) . 
  nationalism did n't start until napoleon started spreading it , and it 's related to centralization . 
  you see , when you want to govern a large amount of land from one location , you need to make sure that everyone still feels represented by that government , even though they are very far away . 
  the tool to achieve this is nationalism . 
  you ca n't possibly want west armenia back . 
  it * was * armenia , but that 's the key word , was . 
  over the years , it 's become more turkish than it was armenian . 
  if you would get it back , it obviously would cause massive problems with the turkish inhabitants , and to solve it you 'd probably need something worse than the armenian genocide . 
  it 's too late , west armenia is turkish now . 
  the way it is now , yes . 
  regions further away used to be much much more different than they are now , because of nationalism . 
  yes , but national language , culture and ethnicity are all manufactured . 
  all nationalism is manufactered , at least in its roots . 
  china is more of an exception than a rule : they produce so many goods that there are n't any markets for them nearby . 
  when the aus and us markets are more profitable for the uk than the eu market , they could form a trade block . 
  but they are n't and most likely never will be . 
  why ? 
  because you lose much less money from transport when you 're trading with europe . 
  the us actually trades more with canada than with china . 
  they import more from china , but they export a lot more to canada . 
  import is also pretty close . 
  trade blocks do n't work that way . 
  while there is a lot of global trade , actual trade blocks with high intensity trade between nations rely on geographical location . 
  that 's why your biggest trade partner is ireland , not even france . 
  the kind of high intensity trade that makes trade blocks so strong is not feasable on such a large geographical scale . 
  just because you can does n't mean you should either : would you transport lead on a plane as well ? 
  there is a reason the anglo trade block is n't a thing already . 
  tbh i think a brexit turning out well for the uk is about as realistic as trump getting his wall, 
  you 're all on completely different parts of the world , so you * ca n't * form a trade block , if you would you all would be pretty much isolated economically, 
  probably most european immigrants do . 
  they normally are really reluctant in picking up the language . 
  much more so than people who live further away ( which is quite logical ), 
  next headline : `` dutch minister says he knows people who died from weed '', 
  `` 67 % upvoted '', 
  i 'm not saying it 's great , i 'm just saying it 's pretty good for such an unknown town . 
  that 's appingedam , imo one of the most underrated places in the country . 
  i do n't think many people have even heard of it in the netherlands . 
  you must have missed the eu burgercomit\u00e9 , the initiators of the referendum , saying that they do n't care about ukraine at all . 
  moreover , they said that this was the closest they could come to an anti-eu referendum . 
  the reason people are not voting is actually because this referendum is making a mockery of the democratic process . 
  the people who called for the referendum have turned it into a pro or anti eu referendum , instead of one about a trade agreement with ukraine . 
  if europes muslims in general were bombing things , nothing would be standing . 
  nah , i was more referring to the amount of terrorism that is actually prevented , which is kind of significant . 
  reddit is a very strange place . 
  all kinds of weird people who want to be different so badly started loudly supporting trump . 
  probably a lot of people from 9gag as well . 
  trump 's voter base is mostly older people , and it 's very strange to see the amount of trump memes come from / r/the _ donald because of that . 
  you could actually argue that terrorist attacks are accidents by security services . 
  ethnically , europe has been a mess for 1500 years . 
  do n't pretend there is any relation between nation and ethnicity . 
  take a break from reddit to cool down , mate . 
  i mean , he said rutte is a horrible prime minister . 
  i can take that one seriously . 
  but you have n't even told what you think causes terrorism . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's some poor argumentation . 
  just because it 's a rich town it does n't mean there are no poor people . 
  i think it 's fair to assume that there are poor people , and if you assume there are poor people , you can also assume that the economic differences are greater . 
  and the examples of well-off terrorists are examples of transnational terrorism , we 're talking about domestic terrorism here . 
  read . 
  relatively r e l a t i v e l y relative to the people around them also , look up what an institution is . 
  because you are advocating institutional discrimination against muslims . 
   that the risk of terrorism is not significantly higher for poorer countries which is why i said relatively . 
  relative to the people around them . 
  i do n't know if you even bothered reading it . 
  the study draws its conclusion from the difference between the amount of transnational terrorist attacks and domestic ones , and the amount of terrorist attacks in poor countries compared to rich countries . 
  what the article does say , is that a lack of political freedom causes terrorism . 
  i 'm saying that an institutional lack of freedom ( ie discrimination ) for muslims causes terrorism . 
  turns out your source supports my argument better than yours . 
  it 's been proven that elephants are pink . 
  source please . 
  no , because it 's different sects fighting each other . 
  what i forgot to mention in my arguments is that religious differences and relatively poor living conditions are the deciding factor , which is why you do n't see other oppressed or discriminated groups or rich people commit acts of terror . 
  i do n't see any crumbs . 
  and you 're right , i ca n't judge you on your reasoning when you have n't shown a single piece of reasoning . 
  for fuck 's sake , that 's the entire fucking point . 
  the world is n't simple , there is n't a simple fucking explanation to this like `` islam bad '' , just like there is more to the fucking holocaust than `` hitler bad '' . 
  we do n't live in a fucking fairytale , people are n't inherently good or bad , ideologies are n't inherently good or bad . 
  there is reasoning behind everything . 
  people do n't fucking wake up one day and think `` i 'm gon na kill people '' , there 's a long process and specific circumstances that cause people to think like that . 
  terrorists are n't born terrorists , they become terrorists . 
  it 's extremely naive and simple to think that . 
  here 's a thought : if islam directly causes terrorism , why do we have as few terrorists as we do ? 
  you 're such a simpleton . 
  you ca n't expect people to respect others who wo n't respect them , and it 's not the justification of killing innocent civilians . 
  what you do n't seem to understand is there are a lot of steps between being a regular muslim and becoming a terrorist . 
  it 's not muslim -  terrorist , and it 's not terrorist out of nowhere either . 
  do n't get me wrong , combating islam in general * would * be an effective way to combat terrorism , but unless you do n't care about western values at all and want to take measures that seriously defy basic human rights , you ca n't do that . 
  to reinforce my point , a lack of respect does n't directly lead to terrorism . 
  it does increase the chances of someone becoming a terrorist . 
  there are reasons why people become terrorists , just like there are reasons people become racists or xenophobes , and both reinforce each other . 
  if a significant amount of people hates muslims , they wo n't want to adapt to western culture , since respect has to come from both sides . 
  and there is also a reason for people hating muslims which needs to be fought from the root as well .
