  no chance in hell . 
  everyone needs everyone , and that 's why it 's so dumb to leave the eu . 
  you need the people in your country , you need the people in your city , but you also need the people from other countries . 
  i think india , brazil and maybe indonesia are more influential than the uk on its own . 
  anti eu does not mean leaving the eu though . 
  and in my opinion thinking leaving the eu in it 's current form is having delusions of grandeur . 
  and thinking that the uk is run out of brussels is just straight up paranoia . 
  it 's one of the largest economies , and it 's economy is completely built around the eu market . 
  and even if it was as wealthy without being dependent on the eu , it still woul n't be a world power . 
  look up the nato member list and you 'll realize how stupid you are for taking this even a little seriously . 
  if the uk wants to trade even remotely efficienty , it * has * trade with the eu , and that 's not an overstatement . 
  of course , when it comes to certain markets , leaving the eu does n't do a thing . 
  for example clothing and electronics . 
  but you ca n't build your whole economy on that . 
  one of the uk 's biggest assets is the london financial sector , because it 's the financial capital of europe . 
  yeah guess what will happen to that ... obviously , unless the uk wants their economy to be wrecked , they need to trade with the eu . 
  now to do that , the british exports to europe need to be according to european standards , obviously . 
  and even more obviously , the imports also need to be according to eu standards . 
  and in order to keep it efficient , the borders should be soft . 
  in conclusion : ** what 's the entire point of leaving the eu then ? 
  you 're against a wealthy uk then ? 
  and all the old people know is the delusion that britain can be a world power on it 's own . 
  the sun 's cover perfectly sums up my thoughts on brexit and why it 's such a terrible decision to leave . 
  `` britain 's resurgance '' ? 
  really ? 
  all it is is just some nationalistic bs . 
  because people could point at britain and say `` did n't work out too well for them , did it ? '', 
  people do n't have perfect knowledge , and you need perfect knowledge to be able to make a choice like this properly . 
  i do n't think it is either , but it does bring some misplaced nostalgia or even arrogance . 
  well tell me how leaving the eu would benefit the uk other than dreams of an independent great britain ( which will not happen ), 
  not really , because the distance in time between the dutch golden age and the european union makes it pretty hard to make a connection between the two . 
  the british empire however fell apart at the same time as european cooperation was rising , so people think there 's a connection . 
  at least unconciously . 
  trying to get the british empire back is suicide though, 
  the older people are closer to the british empire , and that 's the problem . 
  `` i found the solution , guys ! '', 
  the netherlands . 
  but that happened more than 50 years ago . 
  actually , the interests of the national oil company makes it harder to implement green policies . 
  in terms of green policies , norway is n't that great . 
  they do produce a very large amount of green energy , but that 's from dams ( economically better than importing fossil fuels ) that were built before the oil was discovered . 
  since then norway has been pretty lacking in implementing green policies . 
  does he have 100 mouse sized muslims inside him ? 
  holy shit . 
  guess where the muslims came from ... 
  guess what , lithuaninans belong in london as much as muslims . 
  he has little muslims inside him , and they 're gon na loot london . 
  dem ayrabs are takin over yurop , i 'm tellin u, 
  his dutch was miles better than the danish anchors ', 
  it 's stockholm syndrome in the same way that you do n't want to quit your well paying job , with the trade off of not being ceo . 
  about independence , you must be really jealous of the undiscovered tribes of the amazon . 
  that 's true independence right there . 
  pvv is the only party who want to leave the eu , and at most 15 % of dutch voters voted for them . 
  we are n't ready to commit economic suicide quite yet . 
  it 's always been the second largest , and with the implosion of the pvda , it was pretty clear ( in hindsight ) that this would happen . 
  it really helps to browse it like a book . 
  looks like a worst-kaas scenario, 
  it 's even funnier that in dutch the fruit and the colour are n't the same word . 
  and in turkish they are named after portugal . 
  good , it 's very healthy . 
  i 'm forced to vote left because of the roaming gangs of pvv supporters . 
  the reason i found for this is that most of these people are n't very interested in politics , so they vote for the party they hear most about , from for example their angry uncle . 
  exactly . 
  what 's even more crazy is that rotterdam has a lot of support for the pvv , even though the city would be absolutely ravaged by an eu exit . 
  probably more than any other place in the eu . 
  yeah , all rules that have an effect on trade and such are eu rules , and usually they are restricting . 
  so in people 's heads , the eu is just something that restricts their country . 
  i mean , the comments usually go both ways , but more often than not political posts ( videos ) are more right wing oriented . 
  i stopped going there after i found reddit though so i would n't know how it 's been lately . 
  i mean , imo it 's fine to be against immigration , but it 's pretty hard to provide an actual ` solution ' to immigration without breaking dutch values . 
  the biggest problem with being anti immigration is that most people who are anti immigration are also anti immigrant , which really screws up society . 
  true , but dumpert is a bit like reddit in the sense that content is user generated . 
  it 's massively popular in all kinds of circles of youth , and usually the comments and the 5 most popular vids , which usually the only videos anyone watches , are anti eu , anti immigrants and so on . 
  ( if they are about politics at all , though . 
  most content on there is n't political ), 
  i assume you mean voting ? 
  i wo n't be voting for him , but i 've been speaking to some people who will . 
  basically it 's people who blame immigrants ( i think it works a bit like a scapegoat for the crisis ) , uninformed youths who get most of their news from facebook or dumpert ( video site with a quite agressive community ) , and people who do n't care about politics but were told to vote pvv . 
  in general i think most of their voters do n't care much about politics . 
  that 's why the pvv 's simplistic and populistic approach to politics speaks to them . 
  also , with the elections coming up and politics becoming an unavoidable topic , more people start to see that the pvv does n't really have plans , and switch away . 
  if you had an article about marine le pen facing a flogging sentence , you would have had a point . 
  but you did n't . 
  this is about how to handle other cultures , not about barbaric law systems . 
  the fighting game ? 
  never underestimate domestic dumb fucks, 
  just saying , if you do n't want dumb fucks , you should get rid of dumb fucks , not just foreign dumb fucks . 
  but i 'm actually fine with having dumb fucks , they have rights too . 
   yes , a civilized world has freedom of religion but how long will that world remain civilized if you let in people that dont share any values with you ? 
  you mean people like yourself ? 
  if you ask me , if we can ban people from gaining citizenship on some basis , we should also be able to take citizenship away on the same basis . 
  point being , the people who think foreigners are undesirables frequently are undesirable themselves . 
  that 's strange , i never said i was a muslim . 
  i am not . 
  also the classic pedo tune , think of something new man . 
  sounds like you 're a bit of an extremist to me . 
  i think people like you who only think in hate should be destroyed . 
  bet you 're a nazi . 
  oh and in case you based that on freedom * or * religion , that was a typo, 
  and a civilized world has freedom of religion .
