  ** this argument holds the excact same value as yours . 
  try to back up your claims , ok ? 
  just because they go for the best choice doens ' t mean they just want benefits . 
  if you ca n't blame poles for going to western europe you ca n't blame refugees either . 
  i 'd actually like to see a study on refugees ' intentions . 
  you make some big claims here . 
  i do n't mind it , but i just think it 's rich that you 're complaining about giving away benefits while that 's what gotten poland so far . 
  not to mention the reputation of the polish immigrants in western europe . 
  before the refugees they were the target of the far right . 
  you mean like poland just wants money from western european taxpayers ? 
  yeah , it 's terrible . 
  strange how they are making such a point of refusing refugees then, 
  yeah , why would he be offended on behalf of poles ? 
  i agree that those skyscrapers should n't be there , but demolishing is a bit too much . 
  all i can say is that we were/are/will be doing much better with the `` arrogant , tone deaf , totalitarian , federalist fanatics intent on ` augmenting ' the best of european traditions until they are no longer the best of any tradition '', 
  / r/thenetherlands om te beginnen . 
  i think this has to do with economists ' obsession with the short term . 
  i should n't laugh at that but i did . 
  that is very likely . 
  not sure why you think that is funny somehow . 
  that , and you do n't want police to be vindictive either . 
  it turns out putin 's payroll is rather large ... 
  i think the only thing this will achieve is make people feel unwanted , and on top of that it infringes the freedom to wear what you want . 
  of course , there are restrictions to what you can wear , and burqas should not be an exception , on both sides of the spectrum . 
  i 'm sure iraq does n't like that their diplomats are comitting crimes and causing controversies either . 
  about juncker , in the first article you linked : he pledged that eu would take a `` reasonable approach '' to negotiations second article : deserting is a synonym for leaving , and i assume `` open arms '' refers to special treatment . 
  third article is simply a response to scotland 's request to join the eu . 
  since scotland was already sort of in the eu , verhofstadt thinks there should n't be big obstacles for scotland to join . 
  now , if can find me multiple eu officials saying that the uk should get something worse than a norway deal , i 'll agree with you . 
  a norway deal is normal treatment , anything worse is antagonistic behaviour , and anything better is special treatment . 
  you should see putin 's antagonistic quotes . 
  by the way , why should the eu give britain all of the benefits but none of the burdens ? 
  because the only `` antagonistic quotes '' from the eu regarding brexit come down to `` we wo n't make an exception for you '' but the value in protecting eastern europe is that it has big potential , and the eu needs to grow if it wants to compete with china . 
  did you forget the embargos against russia and the invasion of ukraine ? 
  russia is the most hostile they 've been since the end of the soviet union . 
  just recently they were making threats against lithuania . 
  if nato means anything to the uk , they should stay far away from russia , and even if they want to abandon nato , putin is n't really a guy to be associated with . 
  the uk does n't belong with putin and erdogan . 
  remember the whole nato thing , the one that putin is an enemy of ? 
  the uk and the eu are both kind of sort of in that . 
  and like the other guy tried to twist political assassination as `` people defending themselves '', 
  there 's also no other angle to threathening with assassination or armed revolt . 
  i was just trying to show that you can twist things the other way just as far . 
  `` an imam with questionable teachings is worse than a civil war '' genius : , 
  it 's a fine line between appeasement politics and enabling erdogan to gain power that european politicians have to walk . 
  exactly , and in the meantime the racism gets to spring . 
  let 's not start obsessing about race like a bunch of americans , it really does n't improve the situation . 
  it started with the sugar bs , and now blm is coming over . 
  if they keep it up , it will go the way of the zwarte piet debate in the netherlands , where people started acting very agressive towards black people because of they assumed they were against zwarte piet . 
  everyone has heavy weaponry at this point , otherwise it would be over by now . 
  you mean exling citizens based on their political views ? 
  sounds familiar ... 
  the world would probably be a better place if the anders breivik thing was n't so sensationalised . 
  the fact that i did n't have to look up his name says it all . 
  they let everyone decide for themselves ? 
  orban is poison to the eu with his anti-democratic views . 
  basically against everything the eu stands for , but when the eu comes with their money he opens his palms . 
  funny how similar he is to what he accuses refugees of , is n't it ? 
  for me there only two requirements to consider someone a certain nationality : they need to speak the language and they need to consider themselves part of that nationality . 
  not to mention there 's no names of people who staged the coup . 
  i also found the messages they aired on television extremely vague and weak . 
  oh and the army of journalists on his doorstep . 
  i definitely understand their frustration with london , but how in the world would a brexit vote help that ? 
  if anything it would give * more * power to london . 
  look , your whole argument is based on misinformation , and on the assumption that the uk on it 's own is stronger than the whole of the eu , and those are either straight up false or at least delusional . 
  you ca n't back up that the eu needs the uk more than the other way around , while i can prove it 's the opposite . 
  i guess it really is true that the brits are tired of facts ... rule brittania amirite ? 
  first of all , [ that 's not true ] ( https://www.uktradeinfo.com/statistics/overseastradestatistics/pages/commodities.aspx ) , the eu imports are about as `` complex '' as the exports . 
  the only difference is that almost all trade the uk does is with the eu , only a fraction of the eu27 trade is with the uk . 
  it 's quite simple really , out of the top 7 export partners of the uk , [ only one is outside the eu . ], 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_united_kingdom ) the eu has something to lose , but the uk has * everything * to lose . 
  the uk is not nearly as strong or as important as you think it is . 
  edit : forgot to mention that a chunk of the uk manifacturing industry is there to provide for the whole of europe , and in the case that the uk lose access to the single market , they will move to the eu , since that 's where the largest part of their sales are . 
  you do n't seem to understand that the uk does n't have that much bargaining power . 
  yes , the eu is worse off without an uk trade deal , but the uk is so much worse off that they ca n't afford to cherry pick if the eu does n't want to allow it . 
  if the uk maintains that they do n't want freedom of movement , they wo n't get access to the single market and that would be disastrous for the uk economy . 
  for the first question , it 's to make it easier for people to work abroad , and that 's important to get the best job distribution throughout the single market . 
  for example , there 's a lot of poles working in construction , but there 's not enough construction going on in poland , and there 's not that many people working in construction in the uk . 
  for the eu laws , it 's because a significant part of uk laws are actually eu laws , and the actual problem is which ones to keep and which ones not . 
  the problem is that there are just so many laws to do this with , and all these laws have arguments for and against . 
  also , the eu is more important to britain than the other way around . 
  if the eu significantly weakens because of brexit , i do n't want to know what happens to britain . 
  i see the european union as an extra layer of government on top of the national ones , which it kind of is , but it does n't really feel that way for me and most people . 
  what i think should happen is try and get the european citizens more involved in european politics , and european elections should be the beginning of that . 
  lol , laltvia ? 
  and apparently slovenia and croatia disappeared as well . 
  and then you drop everything, 
  you 're getting the chronology wrong . 
  first there was outrage , and * then * all of a sudden gangs were roaming around . 
  in other words , most of it was made up , just like the effects of brexit by the leave campaign . 
  that whole press conference is tragic . 
  he 's basically saying that remain was the way to go , but he ca n't say it out loud . 
  you got ta remember that this is one day after the brexit vote , and there 's still lots of uncertainty of the uk 's future relation with the eu . 
  the fact that thousands of jobs are being moved * already * is concerning to say the least . 
  that 's funny because you already had that . 
  you traded something you already have ( maybe got a tiny bit more of it ) for your great position in the world economy . 
  it 's gon na take a hell of a lot to get back to that point , and it will most likely involve having to agree to the eu 's terms . 
  it will still be dependent on europe for that , so i do n't think it can be a world power on it 's own . 
  of course it wo n't be on it 's own though . 
  competing with china , america , russia and the eu in terms of global influence ?
