  it 's not the religion as a whole that causes it , but a specific , extremist corner in that religion . 
  so when muslims ca n't drift towards the corner that fits with western values because they 're not welcome there , they 'll be more likely to drift towards that extremist corner . 
  thank you, 
  i get where you 're coming from , and no opinion can do any harm if you keep it to yourself . 
  and we should also do what we can to prevent muslims from being deeply religious , because the clash would be too big . 
  i think with proper education and most of all respect , the problem will solve itself , as the modern western world is n't a very good place for religion to spread . 
  it 's about the end result , which is polarization . 
  i feel actively hating islam will aslo accomplish that . 
  both sides of the political spectrum do n't do it right . 
  the far left is naive on the issue , and blindly trusts any and all muslim , and the far right thinks that fighting the symptoms will help , while it will actually make things worse . 
  like any problem , you have to solve it at the root , which in this case is poor integration and poverty combined with religious differences . 
  as well as / r/european . 
  but you 'd have to involve the jews somehow . 
  but if we know that we wo n't use them , and the russians or whoever else knows we wo n't use them , they 're not much of a deterrent anymore . 
  you know what 's even more convenient for the terrorists ? 
  hating muslims . 
  because that means your regular muslim will view the western world as hostile to them . 
  there 's actually no use for them if you think carefully . 
  you 'd use them as retaliation , or agressively . 
  as retaliation is dumb because by then you 're only making the damage done worse , and offensively just does n't fit with our moral values . 
  muslim extremists and fascists are each others biggest allies . 
  terrorism means europeans turn to fascism , and fascism means muslims will turn to terrorism . 
  i agree with your sentiment , but i feel like comparing muslims to nazis is sending the wrong message . 
  a lot of people do n't seem to understand how society works . 
  you can not hold people responsible for their place in society . 
  it 's not a matter of willingness or political opinion . 
  it 's the same mistake sjws make . 
  there is a reason why people are the way they are , and it is not because they felt like being that way . 
  you have to solve issues with this in the same way you would fight any other problem : try to neutralise the source , not fight the symptoms . 
  and areas where islamism is accepted as the norm are n't created by fairy dust either . 
  and they only exist in neverland . 
  maybe there are small communities where it exists , but it certainly is n't location based . 
  and before you start again , those communities are n't created by fairy dust . 
  so we should be careful of christians from libanon ? 
  and where does islamism come from ? 
  radicalisation does n't come from fairy dust . 
  way to view it from one angle . 
  part of the standard response is also that tons of people will come out and say `` see ? 
  muslims are the scum of the earth !, 
  '' , and far right politicians will use the disaster as a way to further their agenda . 
  the way the_donald responded is just utterly disgusting . 
  yeah i 'm gon na go say this is like one of those nostradamus prophecies . 
  you 're saying they should be terrorised ? 
  belgium is n't doing preemtivism well . 
  otherwise molenbeek would n't be in its current state . 
  that 's a bit of an overstatement , is n't it ? 
  maybe france and belgium are having issues , but other than that there 's not much in it . 
  i may be a bit too dramatic , but with current trends i would n't be surprised if we had something like nazi germany in the next 50 years , but without the war . 
  yeah , after wwii there was n't any fertile ground to grow nazis . 
  maybe that will be the same for muslim extremism in the future , but for now there is no reason to assume so . 
  that 's often the case with immigrant communities . 
  i do n't know if you saw the nos feature on dutch immigrants voting in ohio , but compared to them the bible belt in the netherlands is progressive . 
  apparenly naval arms , and apparantly we are the 11th biggest arms exporter in the world . 
  although that might have to do with recent changes in military budget . 
  then how come we do n't see stories that show that people do n't need to be scared ? 
  so it 's not lies if you want to believe them ? 
  jesus christ that 's so wrong . 
  how the fuck can you informally deport someone from your country ? 
  i dunno , but integrating east germany into west germany after communism would be a much harder task , but that has gone pretty well all things considering . 
  because where in islam only some leaders teach that the west is the enemy , everyone in the eastern block was teaching the west was the enemy . 
  and yes , the way to integration is to involve ourselves in their communities . 
  and what makes you think natives ca n't brainwash them ? 
  if no one takes responsibility , it 's obvious that they wo n't integrate well . 
  assimilation of muslims has n't gone very well in the past , but that does n't mean it ca n't in the future ( ie this wave of immigrants ), 
  i 'm all for expansion of the eu where it 's logical . 
  i think especially western ukraine is relevant to europe . 
  and if we were looking to accept turkey into europe only a couple of years ago , surely we can strengthen ties with ukraine . 
  the only reason why i would vote no is because it will worsen relations with russia . 
  i really dislike how the netherlands has basically been trying to pick a fight with russia over mh17 at any opportunity . 
  i think it 's such a stupid reason . 
  how about we vote on you deleting your account ? 
  no groningen means no wellfare state . 
  groningen seperatists think the same thing , but somehow i feel you do n't take that as seriously . 
  that 's because no one teaches about the hundreds if not thousands of irrelevant microstates that fall constantly . 
  there are also plenty of nations with different ethnicities . 
  if you look at a map with european seperatist movements , you can see that almost every nation has at least one . 
  yeah , let 's see how another opium war would turn out for you guys . 
  things have changed . 
  you ca n't sail somewhere on a wooden ship with cannons to impose your will on others anymore . 
  political stability is a key component in economic competitiveness . 
  my point is that it 's better to cooperate , even though it might seem like a bad idea from a distance . 
  the eu might not work very well right now , but that does n't mean it ca n't in the future . 
  people will also put their own region first . 
  do you think we are happy being exploited ? 
  hell no . 
  is anyone seriously considering ceceding , which is economically feasable ? 
  hell no . 
  it 's called ambition . 
  i rather stay groninger . 
  i do n't think combining everything and calling it something like dutch will ever work . 
  no we 're not . 
  the us can fuck right off . 
  parties usually are n't labelled extreme right , they are labelled far right . 
  there is a big difference . 
  ever had the thought that handling * millions * of refugees is n't actually an achievable task ? 
  especially if your country has only a couple of million inhabitants . 
  lebanon 's population has almost * doubled * since 2007 , and it 's not because they started breeding like rabbits . 
  if you think refugees are problematic for europe , surely you can not expect lebanon and jordania to hold as many refugees as they currently do . 
  and you can not expect refugees to stay there if they are living in huge slums with no prospect for housing * at all . 
  * as badly as europe is handling the migrant crisis , they are still the best suited for handling it .
