  that 's bonkers , really ) , but i believe the multiple appeal thing is great if you want to be sure whether the defendant did it or not . 
  i 'm sorry the article is in italian , but when i found it ( and even now , tbh ) i could n't find any english equivalent . 
  but we need to look at this from a more forward-looking pov . 
  english is already the world 's lingua franca in science , economy and most international relations . 
  it makes no sense to use an artificial language that i 'd say less than .1 % of eu population speaks instead of the language that is studied in i guess every single country in the union . 
  i remember being in paris with my brother when i was like 13 and he first made me realise how big the eu project could become . 
  i was surprised of how excited i was about that and from then on it just kept on growing . 
  it is probably true that the brits have more in common with the countries you mentioned than the eu ( even though the actual economic and political benefit form leaving the eu to join a hypothetical anglosphere is a different kettle of fish ) . 
  but i personally feel a much bigger proximity with the brits i 've known that the several turks i 've dealt with , and i 'm not even from western/northern europe ( or maybe i am , depends on what you mean by western europe ) . 
  how can you compare our cultural proximity with brits ( living standards , christian background , western ideals ) with the one with turks ? 
  i mean , i 've got nothing against turks and as soon as they get rid of their extremist wings i 'll be more than glad to welcome them in the eu , but it just does n't make sense, 
  switzerland is already in schengen , so i do n't think it 'd be that quixotic ( damn i love that word ), 
  very few of them come from arabic countries . 
  or maybe you can become a professor and teach islam related subjects in other universities , or become an imam , or move to islamic countries ... 
  just noticed it , that 's funny, 
  i agree with you when we talk about private schools . 
  for example , here in italy we have crosses in our classrooms and even though the hour of catholic religion is n't compulsory , schools hardly ever offer valuable alternatives to non christian pupils . 
  and i believe this is really , really wrong . 
  but when it comes to private institutions , i believe people should feel free to study in whatever kind of uni they like , including religious based ones . 
  i think it 's a much more complicated issue than it might seem at first sight . 
  i mean , generally speaking i have no issues with a muslim university , or at least , it does n't bother me any more than a catholic university or a jewish one . 
  furthermore , we 're experiencing a great number of muslim immigrants , and we need to accept the idea that italy , and europe in general , will have a more and more relevant presence of muslims in the future . 
  anyway , i understand the concerns of those who say we 're not ready . 
  the influence of northern league is growing a lot in the south , and i understand it has grip on the poorest and most ignorant parts of the population . 
  the risk is that the muslim community in lecce will experience the hostility of far-right movements and that would certainly not help integration . 
  anyhow , i think that if we want to fight intolerance ( which leads to segregation and increases the risk of terrorist attacks ) we need to make these people feel part of the community . 
  even though i 'm puzzled when it comes to funds coming from the gulf , i guess that the construction of mosques and even muslim unis is part of an inevitable process that i 'd rather encourage than fight . 
  so what ? 
  that is wrong and we all recognise it . 
  being more tolerant and open is what makes us * better * ( or should ) . 
  this is ( sort of ) the supreme court , so their ruling does set a precedent , although our system does n't rely on precedents as much as common law countries . 
  this is the law the court is referring to :  * articolo 54 . 
  *  art . 
  state of necessity . 
  one who commits a felony forced by a necessity to save themselves or others from a present danger or a severe damage to them , danger that was not caused voluntarily by themselves and not otherwise avoidable , can not be punished , as long as the action is commensurate with the danger . 
  sorry for the awful translation , but still . 
  i do n't think that anyone who reads this law can consider it unfair or wrong . 
  it does and it works well . 
  does n't mean it manages to cover everyone though . 
  actually , rome being capital has nothing to do with the church : in fact , the italian army had to fight the vatican and , after an actual war , granted them the half square kilometre they have now . 
  although i agree that , politically and historically , rome has a much greater importance than milan , i honestly doubt that right now it 's still more relevant . 
  on top of what 's already been told , milan 's improved quite a lot in the last few years . 
  if you came here now you 'd probably be surprised . 
  tbf milan is not just the financial capital : it 's the industrial , technological , academic and cultural centre of the country , and its metropolitan area is the largest and most populated in italy . 
  i 'm not advocating the gov ' t making milan the new capital ( and neither is the author ) , although i do think that its growing relevance should be recognised in some way . 
  yeah right dude , * totally * the same thing, 
  aka , `` the danger of a mono-language europe where that language is not french '' . 
  x-post from / r/italy : original thread [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/italy/comments/4fh6h4/poliziotti_italiani_arrestano_un_boss_mafioso/ ) . 
  because those who listened to him did n't even show up . 
  lol , how fucked can you possibly be to consider saving children 's , men 's and women 's lives a `` blame '' ? 
   probably, 
  had n't there been a quorum , he probably would have won anyways . 
  this is a referendum , it has a quorum ; it is a totally different thing . 
  edit : typo, 
  in his constitutional reform , renzi lowered the quorum to just 50 % of those who voted in the latest elections ( which should be , in general , around 30-35 % of the electorate ) . 
  however , i do agree that 50 % +1 is a very high turnout , but this is also such a ridiculously ininfluent matter that even making it a referendum was a mistake imho . 
  it should be around 80 % yes and 20 % no , although it is worth noting that most of those who 'd have voted `` no '' did n't show up . 
  to be honest he proved again and again that he kinda is : he annihilated berlusconi with mattarella 's nomination , he doomed to oblivion his internal opposition and he will probably do the same with the m5s ( either they win or lose in rome , that 'll most likely be a gigantic clusterfuck for them ) . 
  sorry , you ca n't have your pie ( a fuckload of eu money financing your government ) and eat it too ( not let those who pay for your roads and schools have a say on your gov ` t 's dictatorial policies ) . 
   vatican is not even a real country anyway what, 
   this is just federalist exploiting an atrocity . 
  it is a fact that the paris attacks could have been prevented if the national intelligence agencies had communicated key information . 
  and i would n't be surprised if it were the case for today 's bombings as well . 
  it would make sense to have 28 separate intelligence agencies if terrorism threatened each state separately . 
  it does n't though : it 's a european issue that can only be addressed with common policies and agencies . 
  it 's also worth mentioning that most boats do n't make it to lampedusa : the smugglers leave them as soon as they reach italian territorial waters . 
  how about pizza , spaghetti and berlusconi, 
  this is at least the third terrorist attack in france this year . 
  what the hell is wrong with the french intelligence ? 
  hi there !, 
  expo is pretty rad and definitely worth a visit . 
  thing is , you guys are n't the only ones who realised that it 's closing soon . 
  so , if you go there , be prepared : there 's gon na be a lot of queuing . 
  like , a lot . 
  like , a lot a lot . 
  especially for the most interesting pavilions , like japan , italy and brazil . 
  as a matter of fact , virtually every city in italy has a street or square dedicated to rome , except for milan . 
  ** we shall never surrender **, 
  this is * the * most idiotic thing i 've read today . 
  he apparently called the coup `` a gift from god '' which will allow the government to radically reform the military . 
  yeah , it 's not absurd to suspect this could be staged . 
  prolly the former , but we wo n't know till tomorrow . 
  head to the / r/worldnews live thread for the press conference, 
  link ? 
  that 's what they said on the italian national network . 
  may be wrong though . 
  sauce ? 
  erdogan is speaking live on trt right now edit : yeah that probably was n't true . 
  yeah , that is probably what the turkish guy meant . 
  apparently they 're sound bombs ? 
  quoting the / r/worldnews live stream, 
  thx, 
  sauce ? 
  that 'd be * huge *, 
  i 'm sorry , but i really ca n't support a pro-isis government . 
  there are things that even pseudo-democratic ideals ca n't prevail . 
  this is not over yet . 
  if not today , tomorrow . 
  there is still hope . 
  apparently there are still tanks on the way to the airport .
