  but i 'm not an expert , 
  the same applies to norwegians , incidentally  thanks for the reply !, 
  1989 was nearly 30 years ago , and europe was since then transformed beyond all recognition , so perhaps it might be time to update the school curricula ... psst , you guys need to join nato ... psst , 
  i 'm not important . 
  it 's a summary of sorts . 
  but just as an example of how things often look in practice , please see this long interview with poles who adored your country and tried to do business there ( not just cross-border trade ) . 
  also gives a great perspective on post-2015 germany . 
  worth a read . 
  do you imply that i have n't mentioned that they have a lot of our blood on their hands and they still have n't come clean about it sufficiently and in a way that would be acceptable to us ? 
  sure . 
  i typed all of it on a phone , and there are limits  but seriously now , we have n't forgotten , have we , but on the other hand they are at war with the dark enemy , their economy is in the doldrums , and they need our help ( and not just from us , all the help they can get ) . 
  once they make it alive , we 'll sort the petty shit , do n't worry . 
  priorities : first things first . 
  asked like that - the latter , of course , 
  we live in a tough neighborhood ... * germany * ~ our historical foe for way over a millenium , did everything they could to harm us and ultimately wipe us off the map and out of existence , so the baggage is heavy . 
  there were some changes in attitude after ww2 , but i do n't think this will last long , nor do i think it is anything more than introspection after a major loss , and a reorientation of policy/business . 
  if they can screw us over and get away with it politically , they will . 
  and they do . 
  their attitude to us is still that of hostility , exploitation , contempt , and at best cold disregard . 
  it 's a shame , but that 's how it is . 
  we follow their politics closely , carefully on a personal level , i was quite enthusiastic when i visited a few times a decade ago , loved the food , the architecture is the south , but enthusiasm of a tourist dies rather quickly in the face of harrassment and hostility , so the tourist money stream has been diverted to more deserving destinations . 
  i feel deeply disappointed . 
  also , a lot of us are worried about the self-destruction path they seem to have taken in 2015 . 
  * russia * ~ what can i say , the worst neighbor you can get on the planet . 
  only the armed to the teeth minas morgul remains in close proximity , but if things go unwell , we 'll have the devil again on the entire northeast/east border . 
  please russia , can you fuck off to mars and leave everybody the hell alone ? 
  i thought so . 
  * belarus * ~ russian proxy , fake country since 1994 . 
  walled garden . 
  they do not have much of separate history , and what they do have , they seem not to value enough to defend . 
  their language is all but dead , which is a shame , but whatever . 
  personally , i do n't care . 
  we all would prefer a stable , west oriented belarus , but the chance is almost nil . 
  apart from all tbat , i would n't mind seeing our former cities , such as nowogr\u00f3dek or grodno , on a bike , but ... nielzya . 
  * lithuania * ~ sigh . 
  they hate our guts with some vehemence and constantly harass the polish minority . 
  until they calm the fuck down and civilize , i 'm having them on ignore . 
  shame , because i was pleasantly surprised at the loveliness of their language , when i was once connecting by plane . 
  just sat there , listening and grinning to myself . 
  some deep root connections there , language wise . 
  hints of the pomeranian dialects , old lechitic nasal sounds ... eh . 
  but for now , ahem , civilize or fuck off . 
  * ukraine * ~ unreasonably perhaps , i quite like them , from the girls , through the language , to food . 
  i 'm glad so many of them come here and stay , making poland their home . 
  their strength and well being is in our national interest , of course , and we help them as best we can , on a state level as much as when aid is concerned , but beyond that , we would love to see rhem finally safe , and close to us . 
  for hundreds of years though , when they did have a choice , they chose wrong . 
  here is to hope it all changes in the future . 
  i visited & will keep visiting . 
  * slovakia * ~ best neighbor ever !, 
  i love slovakia and have ties to that country , so i 'm not going to elaborate , because it 's going to be simply embarrassing  if i were to be reborn as someone else , i know who that might be :p * hungary * ~ yeah , we do not share a physical border anymore , but we 're still neighbors . 
  love them , their girls , their food and culture . 
  news is hard to follow though , due to the language , and i resent having news filtered by wankers with an agenda , so i ignore english language news outlets when it comes to hungary . 
  * czechia * ~ our brothers . 
  we like them much more than they do us , bit that 's ok . 
  i would love it if we became closer culturally , but hey , it takes two to tango . 
  anyway , glad that at least one of our borders is safe from hordes of invading orcs . 
  * sweden * ~ we consider them our neighbor across the sea , they do not reciprocate . 
  also , most swedes i met could not point to poland on a physical map . 
  depressing , really ... 
  it could very well be less than pleasant if they have just begun learning or if they do n't give a shit as you say , but i think that those who have actually mastered the language and have n't lost a slight accent ( which takes years and years ) sound lovely , just like polish in the olden kresy . 
  getting my ( toe ) nails done , cooking late dinner ( white beans & chili ) , getting ready for a movie night ( rewatching `` underground '' ) . 
  a selection off the top of my head : * francuski piesek * - a ` french doggy ' , overly feminized , fussy cockamamie * austriackie gadanie * - ` austrian talk ' , or talking nonsense , bull hypotheses * ocygani\u0107 * - infinitive , ` to gypsy over ' - to steal from / rob someone many a reference ( among elder folk ) to debased or vile behavior , or totally shitty quality either involves a russian reference , or directly russian language word . 
  * ruski mental * ( ` rus mentality ' ) is an all time favorite . 
  ` piatyj sort ' * szwedzki model * - ` the swedish model ' - cohabitation without a civil union / marriage * czeski film * - ` czech film ' - nobody knows what the hell is going on ( does n't have to be a movie , it can refer to everyday absurd situations ), 
  ukrainian accents are super sexy . 
  i was also fond of slovaks speaking polish ( very funny ) , but it was a long time now since last time i heard some pi\u010doviny ... 
  in my case it 's 100 % contactless , about 10 % by phone , 90 % by debit card . 
  the last time i had to use cash was to pay a handyman . 
  you also need cash for some fast food stalls by the sea in the summer season , but i do n't use those . 
  i 've never been a fan of wroc\u0142aw . 
  it 's been deuglified in the last 30 years , but i still do n't like it at all . 
  many reasons . 
  regarding sunshine , there is plenty , at least for my taste ( i am not one of those who holiday in spain/greece/africa ) . 
  the sunniest months are april , may , and june - the sun is blazing all the time . 
  and then comes the top tourist season , july , which amusingly coincides with the rainy season , but there is enough sunshine still . 
  then again , i 'm out cycling in all weathers under the open skies , so i may perceive even the darkest months differently . 
  oh sure , there is no shortage of hippies out there ... 
  no coffee since 2015 . 
  giving up on neurotoxins is quite popular among vegans , but otherwise it 's very uncommon . 
  i only know one person who is n't vegan and still refuses both tea and coffee , but she is an american immigrant . 
  figures ... 
  i actually moved to what i consider the best one in the country . 
  my second choice would be olsztyn . 
  great nature , great history , personal memories from many visits over the years . 
  it 's economically disadvantaged , as is the entire region , but if money is not an issue , the quality of life there is very tempting . 
  in my mid-40s i have a bit different priorities than i had at 24 ... 
  for youngsters ( and by that i mean those below 35 ) , it is more of a lifestyle change , relative to gen-x-ers like myself , or to the een older fossils stuck in another age . 
  sports are cool , and not just footy as it used to be . 
  being active anf fit is cool , and cycling is part of that , but by no means the only . 
  this overall trebd coincided with the economic boom here , with the increase of disposible incomes no less , while at the same time investment in the infrastructure generated a sea change due to security of commutes . 
  once it 's possible to get to just about anywhere fast , it becomes unstoppable . 
  right now the infra is so good that another botteneck becomes a real issue : the lack of shower/locker infra at work , which kills the idea of year round commutes as well as long commutes for most folks . 
  unfortunately , we 're not so well off that a company , any company really , can afford adjustment investments , especially that a lot of office space is rented out . 
  also , we 're not there yet with respect to national consciousness : the social norms are not inclusive of cycling to the point that new buildings are designed with this kind of facilities from scratch . 
  that i believe will come later . 
  next decade maybe ? 
  i hope . 
  and lastly , it 's not about money when it comes to commuting mode switch . 
  whenecer i talk to anyone , it 's always about time saved , and the universal hate of traffic jams . 
  pistachios ... sometines dried figs or raisins , but mostly pistachios ,
