  it 's become fairly common nowadays , thankfully . 
  my city has the best infrastructure in the country , which is a great incentive to switch over . 
  also , it is constantly being improved and expanded , consistently , year by year , and the best thing is that new investment is planned with cycling security in mind , and that boils down to separation from general traffic , mostly . 
  cycling lanes on streets are rather an exception , than a rule , unlike in some other countries . 
  we 're behind certain places in europe ( like the intercity network in nl ) , but the progress i see is incredible . 
  i 'm really optimistic ... 
  nope , never . 
  zero ... 
  g\u00f3rny \u015al\u0105sk ( heavy industry , pollution ) & \u0141\u00f3d\u017a ( eyesore ), 
  yup . 
  it 's the dairy ... 
  plenty of these delightful things here , fairly cheap . 
  through most of the year , i add them ( 0.25 to 0 3 kg per portion , frozen packets ) to my morning soy/oatly choco oatmeal . 
  otherwise , i sometimes buy the fat ` californian ' blueberries , packed in plastic , 100g each , consuming immediately . 
  on my bike tours , i also buy them from road stalls , manned by kids or obese farmer wives . 
  \u2022 48 m2 \u2022 living room , bedroom \u2022 separate kitchen & a small bicycle-dedicated room the latter would have been a walk-in wardrobe if i had two x chromosomes , but i do n't , so it 's in tune with the mancave theme of the whole thing  i do not share it with anyone , but i do own a plant and a female mannequin . 
  on my father 's side , the roots are traceable to the early 18th century litwa , which is now just outside the country 's borders , in belarus . 
  on my mother 's side it 's the second half of 19th century , central poland , with an odd mix of eastern germany ( triple maternal ) . 
  it is absolutely vile ... a washing liquid mixed with a ton of sugar . 
  i think it might become popular in the nordic countries one day , as they love black candy , or liquorice & ammonia mixed with sugar . 
  same concept , slightly different execution . 
  poland , and if it absolutely has to be a different one , then slovakia . 
  somewhere near kezmarok/zdiar preferably . 
  wild strawberries are very common here . 
  no , i prefer them in the natural state . 
  from spices , i use ground sweet pepper for beans , allspice and bay leaf for young cabbage , and cinnamon for banana smoothies . 
  i weaned myself off sauces last year . 
  i use fresh lemon juice sometimed , but nothing more . 
  what stuff ? 
  my veggies are the main course , rather than a side , so i 'm not a big consumer of salads . 
  i do n't buy anything in bulk , and i prefer organic food , including organic green produce . 
  alnost by definition , this implies small quantities on both the supply and demand side . 
  i use small greengrocers and i get the best quality there is , because i deserve the very best . 
  when it comes to food , quality is paramount , because my health is priority numero uno . 
  oh , i forgot to answer about insta-meals ... fast food , of course : apples , bananas , pears , dates , kohlrabi , bell peppers , several cultivars of cucumbers , and all kinds of lesser fruit in season . 
  good question . 
  there is a much better question though : why would i want perishables to last for long ? 
  each cultivar of fruits & veggies has its own expiry date of sorts , and i think it 's best if man does not interfere . 
  i get my supplies fresh and consume them in order , so i have no need to store anything . 
  also , anything perishable stored in a fridge loses its natural flavor . 
  that means i have to resupply once a week , or more like 5-6 times a month . 
  hardly a titanic effort  in winter i do buy frozen veggies too , but these keep well for up to 50 hours , which is more than enough time to cook a couple dinners . 
  going to the grocery store once a week is a total non issue . 
  my fridge , unlike yours , is not filled with condiments for 2 reasons : \u2022 i do n't eat ( & store ) anything that would require a condiment , meats in particular \u2022 i do n't even own a fridge  processed foods are highly overrated and almost always unhealthy , so i eliminated them from my menu , right after i was done eliminating meat & dairy/eggs . 
  with whole plant diet full of natural flavors , processed foods & condiments are superfluous and unnecessary . 
  that said , i do use a bit of salt for cooking whole grains & starches . 
  after i 've been to latin america & southeast asia , i have to say none - euros simply do not compare . 
  even if the rest of the world did n't exist , i would have a hard time choosing from among all these negative vibes i used to get while traveling . 
  slim pickings, 
  crocs are cool , especially colorful ones . 
  i need a pair for my bike commutes to the beach , but have n't got around to shopping for them yet, 
  barefoot , of course , year round . 
  generous , kind-hearted , very curious , shallow when it comes to arts & entertainment , proud , open-minded , enthusiastic , extroverted , industrious , and ... criminally overweight , 
  greenland , because it 's a mix of poland & japan . 
  basically , a much improved poland  2 . 
  brazil , for the crazy idea 3 . 
  nepal , for shape & decor 4 . 
  canada for the leaf, 
  ok , thank you , that explains a lot . 
  still , i do n't see why frankfurt being the capital would be an obstacle to reunification ... especially for the reasons cited : the ossies discomfort/disorientation . 
  were n't they ignored pretty much anyway ? 
  the federal part subsumed the east , rather than merged with it , and one city or another being made capital ( or not , or much later ) would n't make a difference . 
  so this worry seems to have been irrational , from my point of view . 
  the other argument , about sticking with frankfurt post reunification seems valid , but on the other hand , if a newly forged germany was being dreamed of , planned for , and ultinately reached , would n't it make sense to start anew , and shed the prussian legacy of berlin ? 
  even in the 90s there was still time to make that decision . 
  what was the argument then ? 
  and , were there any advocates for frankfurt at that time , and if so , who ? 
  why was frankfurt never chosen ? 
  it 's centrally located , a large business center , financial nerve center , and a huge transport hub . 
  what gives ? 
  stephen king universe , 
  eh , do n't take it personally . 
  it 's beyond dickensian . 
  i have seen some small industrial hopeless towns with no future , but nothing on this scale . 
  i had the biggest shock of my life as i looked on from the train . 
  the ubiqutous soot , the levels of rot and grime depressed me totally . 
  i was used to grey concrete as a kid , but glasgow seemed a total hellhole to me . 
  i simply did n't imagine that the industrial devastation could be so great . 
  all black , all rotten . 
  spent one night and got the hell out of there . 
  oh , and the airport matched the city in spirit . 
  it was the worst city trip in my life : /, 
  london , glasgow , amsterdam, 
  arc ` teryx , by far, 
  uncommon , early days ... but you can get by , especially if you already managed to wean yourself off processed foods . 
  there are very few strictly vegan joints , but happily those few that do exist do n't peddle overly greasy shit that is common elsewhere , so you can grab a very decent meal , if you do n't mind the lack of variety while eating out . 
  regarding supplies , it 's surprisingly good , especially if you 're not much into processed foods . 
  you can get plant milks , organic untainted grains , all kinds of beans and what have you almost everywhere , even in very small towns . 
  the same applies to snacks , dry goods , and meat replacements if you 're still transitioning . 
  also , wonderful suppmy of organic greengrocers here . 
  this is n't western europe yet , thank fsm . 
  so even if you do n't meet many other vegans past the age of 30 , you can easily get by on your own . 
  easier still in the capital . 
  i think the best solution , a holistic solution , a vienna congress 2.0 style solution , may be that which will never be agreed : \u2022 separate croat herzegovina + bihac from bih , join it with mother croatia \u2022 join the remainder , bosnia with mother serbia , which will be more than happy to honor wide autonomy for central bosnia this also solves the ouroborous fractal border issue . 
  in a similar vein : \u2022 chop off mitrovica and join it to serbia \u2022 join the remainder of kosovo with mother albania \u2022 do the same with the northwest corner of west buldonia , but without encroaching on skopje \u2022 join the remainder of west buldonia with mother bulgaria , under regional autonomy . 
  this also solves the fyrom issues of mother greece . 
  \u2022 the only states remaining on the eu waiting list are sr & al so eu is happy too . 
  everybody happy , which is why none of it will happen ... 
  poland . 
  i vote for limon\u00e1dov\u00fd joe  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/lemonade_joe,
