  least = italy . 
  several times . 
  i would like to add bc and yukon to that list , some day . 
  oh dear oh dear oh dear ... and now i can not unsee it , like forever ... 
  football  volleyball  ski jumping  speedway, 
  when i visited sweden , i saw many restaurants adverstising ` varmratter ' on the outer windows , so something clearly is the matter with these rats ... , 
  love  best prez in living memory . 
  london is a total shithole and an architectural katastrofee . 
  rude is an understatement ... 
  it looks like our austrian experiences were similar , only i got more hate due to being polish , especially in salzburg . 
  harrassment starts at the hotel checkin , as soon as the concierge cunt realizes whom she has to deal with . 
  starts speaking gibberish at top speed , throws the magnetic card onto the floor , and disappears into the foyer . 
  i just stood there , dumbstruck . 
  another hotel , another story , with a refusal to serve the guest . 
  i could n't get hold of a manager due to late hour . 
  in vienna , i 'm having prepaid breakfast , and a maid granny picks up the phone , and yells in german that there is a thief down here who did n't pay !, 
  utter bullshit of course , but at least the manager did cone and apologize , after my morning was already ruined . 
  dropped in for a mug of mulled wine in one of the old town cafees , and had an old hag standing next to me throughout , in case i was intending to steal that mug . 
  and it 's not just the country itself . 
  on another continent , i met a group of tourists from austria , who claimed that poles did n't visit that country , and where i took the money from to pay for my trip . 
  i have never seen such hate in someone 's eyes before . 
  it nearly came to blows . 
  austria , what a country ... 
  seriously , fuck austria , forever and amen . 
  neverrrr ... 
  it 's a country all right , with its own separate language . 
  take this 1-minute video of an exchange for example and * see if the subtitles help you any * : https://youtu.be/hpvhsx0fzwm, 
  why write phonetically though ? 
  in texas there is this grassy knoll near the library ... that i like to read about sometimes . 
  it 's a vast country of some real contrasts , but i 'm hungry right now , so i 'll trivialize it as the home of tex mex , once upon a time my standard choice of chow . 
  somehow , i liked it more than the real thing  me likes . 
  ` do n't feed the narcissist ' , mama said ... 
  the best one i ever had was * corn bread * in norway , of all places ... 
  usa , brazil , poland , hong kong , madagascar, 
  * food * it used to be food , long ago . 
  as a vegan , i do n't have that problem anymore . 
  i left all the ` cuisines ' behind , my own ancestral , and those adopted later on in life . 
  it 's so much simpler now , but on the other hand , i lost some of my polish identity in this way . 
  on yet another hand , my ethnic-cuisine-free waistline is shrinking , not expanding , like it seems to be the case for everyone else , sooner or later . 
  * the comfort of nationality * again , another problem that solved itself since i stopped travelling to countries where the local tribes are hostile , and opted for spending the bulk of my vacations outside of europe . 
  it 's been many , many years now , and the relief is real , so i 'll keep at it ad infinitum , i guess . 
  it also makes for a greater contrast when i get back home . 
  from all that exotics - bang - straight into the cozy plush of my home nation . 
  otherwise , nothing really . 
  food was the really big one . 
  i wonder why we are so deeply attached to such earthly comforts ... 
  i 'm not sure there is much difference between the boomers and gen x here . 
  we 've been all shaped by the unfortunate postwar status quo to a large degree . 
  millenials also do not stand out as much , at least those born in the 80s . 
  the youngest and gen z seem to be more relaxed , liberal regarding lifestyles etc. 
  on the other hand , despite so much room and freedom , they seem somehow less happy about life in general compared to us . 
  universal rat races , the rise of tinder culture and associated epidemic of loneliness , exploding divorce rates , the disconnection ... 
  i do n't know - sometimes i 'm glad that i was born a long time ago . 
  i think emigration to the former imperialist and genocidal countries has slowed down to a trickle . 
  if the current trends continue , the flow will reverse . 
  i wish some of those who left came back , at least the industrious ones . 
  the oiks can stay where they are , of course . 
  overall , i 'm optimistic . 
  they do n't need to annex it really . 
  it 's not about the land , or even syria as such . 
  as long as there is no independent or fully autononous kurd state south of the border , the goal is accomplished . 
  in the absence of assad control , it might mean boots on the ground in that subregion . 
  any attempts at kurd institutions development will be torpedoed . 
  in particular , any cosy-up between the kurd parts of syria & iraq . 
  assad does n't have control over the northeast . 
  i think when it comes to border revisionism or long tern occupation , he might rather go for syrian kurdistan , which is perceived as a threat . 
  there are some in poland ( * tr\u0105by powietrzne * ) , but never on the scale they get them in the us , and for sure not as destructive . 
  example : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jb7vifhpmcq, 
  i had eaten at both for years , so i know the difference and i agree . 
  here though there is nothing of the kind , and i 'd rather have something , anything ... 
  the last two years convinced me that george friedman ( stratfor ) has been right , among other things that the 1989-2008 period of peace and prosperity was a fluke , an anomaly , and that `` things are back to normal '' in europe . 
  that the eu as it existed then is doomed , and that a worldwide conflict , also involving europe , is inevitable . 
  i 'm glad that i lived past forty in peace , unlike all my ancestors , and ancestors of those ancestors all the way back . 
  born at the right time , i guess . 
  almost . 
  a singularity . 
  i have been reading books in english since 1987 , so it 's part of my core identity . 
  nowadays i do n't read as much as i used to , mostly hard science & assorted nonfiction . 
  chipotle , taco bell , and any tex mex i have n't heard about, 
  i have faced hostility or worse due to my nationality almost wherever i went as a tourist in europe , so * you tell me * how bad it is . 
  i 'm not interested . 
  for poland i think i would call on the old fryderyk : https://youtu.be/-eqyj82suhq prelude e-moll opus 28 , # 4, 
  apple + peppermint or apple + aloe http://polprod.pro-linuxpl.com/sklep/img/p/1/3/9/2/7/13927-home_default.jpg https://image.ceneo.pl/data/products/48114660/f-tymbark-jablko-aloes-napoj-1-l.jpg, 
  it very well might , but in drinks , it 's sort of cucumber-y in taste ... 
  if language were not an issue , then brazil , at least for a while , due to the infatuation with all the exotics , and despite the harsh climate . 
  otherwise i do n't know ... parts of the united states maybe , or hong kong . 
  yes , processed , because if you go raw , then this happens : https://youtu.be/ce4q9sazpzm , 
  there are a few , but i don `` t remember brand names . 
  there is also an apple juice plus aloe mix on sale . 
  our specialty is apple plus peppermint , and i have n't yet tried the aloe mix , so ca n't say if it 's any good . 
  oh , and in hong kong they have aloe drinks with large granules of somethingorother floating in suspension . 
  delicious . 
  gee , what a speed read . 
  that 's a lame summary , but not unexpected . 
  you want a rant on nordstream 2 and such here , for example ? 
  no thanks , not in this thread . 
  you 're welcome to develop your perspectives wrt my country , like it 's going to be any different than the standard . 
  afaik , no , not at all . 
  i ca n't recall the original works that served as inspiration , but perhaps someone will help ... kafka is different . 
  here it 's more about a plot so obscure and complicated , with the turn of events to bring about the situation in question so unlikely , that such wizardry is only found in postmodern czech movies that no one understood .
