  i am not a military expert , but is it possible for a country to leave nato and in parallel keep maintaining their nato-made assets if they get embargo on spare parts etc ? 
  since you are from cyprus , can you provide some sources that state the greek/turkish populations ratio before the 1974 events and now ? 
  i tried to find some , but couldnt . 
  i would like to understand how many settlers have arrived from turkey post 1974 and if this settling is part of the ongoing negotiations ? 
  a similar story happened in greece few days ago . 
  the hotel sued those guys . 
  [ link ] ( https://article.wn.com/view/2017/05/28/british_couple_face_losing_their_home_after_fivestar_greek_h/ ) i remember a few years ago , there was a `` trend '' where young brits were claiming they had gotten raped after clubbing and stuff . 
  after some time , it became known that most of those cases were fake , it was a scam to grab compensations from insurance companies back in uk . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/turkey-blocking-german-politician-from-visiting-incirlik-airbase-again/a-36118595 ) it started as retaliation to the german 's resolution on armenian genocide . 
  but i guess it involves other recent events ( like germany not extraditing turkish nato officers to turkey on accusations of supporting gullen and last year 's coup ), 
  i do n't see `` soccer '' anywhere . 
  indeed . 
  but according to my knowledge , it happens to be more strictly enforced in islamic societies ( as iran/saudi arabia etc ) than what happens to christian ones . 
  but is n't being intoxicated kind of forbidden by islam ? 
  if yes , it seems to me these guys crossed already the line , before managing to cross the border too :p, 
  its for self defense . 
  how can he use that glass to defend himself if it has still beer in it ?!, 
  i dont think by putting them to prison even for life , we send the right message to potential future terrorists , especially radical islamists ... 
  its true they lost access to sea . 
  but having flown belgrade to podgorica , i can tell you the access is not easy at all . 
  so many mountains between . 
  for serbians to go on vacation from serbia to montenegro shores , was a full day travel ( by car ) , at least that 's what i was told :(, 
  having been there many times , its like they never left you . 
  you are different countries only on paper , 
  i agree . 
  but again , in principle its not right to evaluate things according to the current/near future perspective/outlook . 
  what you see today , may not be what it is tomorrow , right ? 
  although , this is a very theoretic scenario i can write these : fyrom is not threat in a 1v1 scenario , agreed . 
  were the balkans wars a 1v1 scenario ? 
  nope . 
  also , check how world wars escalate from a 2 country conflict to a multi country conflicts . 
  again , obviously this is not something we can see happening in the near future , i am just stating that the most possible valid way for fyrom to do something , would be in a multi-country conflict . 
  in our case , as you wrote , being in a conflict with turkey and having fyrom paying us a visit from the north . . because balkans . 
   who cares ? 
  you are asking who cares in a hypothetical scenario where those countries had stolen another countrys name , while they have n't ? 
  lol !!, 
  cant continue , even the example you wrote is reversed comparing to the greece-fyrom case . 
   imagine if somebody suggested that greece should be renamed to southern balkans because some parts of historical greece is actually in italy now and that it 's offensive to them . 
  the situation is the exact same the hypothetical question would be if italy decided to call themselves greece and then suggesting that greece should be then renamed to southern balkans because some parts of historical greece is actually in italy now and that it 's offensive to them . 
  you are biased and on the `` wrong '' side of history , just stahp . 
   the dispute was very close to being solved judging by the fact that fyrom has n't worked at all on a solution until now , i cant see how accurate this statement is . 
   starting his own nationalist political party ok . now i see what 's going on, 
  but is there any country that objects the above countries ' names ? 
  as far i know not . 
  so , they are probably the most legitimate hairs of the respective ancient ethnicity . 
  but as you can see , this is not the case with fyrom . 
  i am sorry to say but you have a pretty naive way of thinking the whole issue . 
  just because right now fyrom is not a significant economic/military power , doesnt mean we should ignore them and let them go with their ( current ) way . 
  besides that , agreeing that they do n't pose a significant threat towards us in a 1v1 scenario , there is always another way for them to engage in a war ; via a general destabilization/war in the balkans . 
  fast quiz : guess which country is trying to interfere/provide support to fyrom 's internal politics ? 
  tip : its the same country that does similar thing to albania . 
  fyrom is a landlocked country . 
  they would like to get their hands on some lands that lead them to sea , you can bet they would love that . 
  approved !, 
  central balkans democracy !, 
   macedonia is the name of a geographical region . 
  what else should they be called ? 
  central balkan democracy . 
  its more accurate geographically, 
  and ? 
  these people are not linked to the ancient macedonia by any means . 
  turks conquered byzantium , yet they did n't proclaim themselves byzantines . 
  nice !, 
  but something is missing ... *** calls green peace ***, 
  you 're welcome , 
  [ http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/09/22/rodopi-region-in-northern-greece-elects-3-muslim-mps/] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/09/22/rodopi-region-in-northern-greece-elects-3-muslim-mps/ ), 
  \\ #covfefe, 
  besides co emissions reduction , i would like to see a population reduction as well . 
  only then i would have faith that planet will be great again . 
  if we dont do it in an organized ( peaceful ) manner , it will be bruteforce done sooner or later anyway . 
  solid argument , well said . . at least he can work on the static trash bins , government too trash to get improvements :(, 
  who knows ?!? 
  perhaps he forgot it as he started typing , 
  good stuff , perhaps he can come over and help us out a bit too ? 
  at least we can say for sure that this guy does manage his twitter account by himself, 
  [ here is the tweet link covfefehowpa ] ( https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/869766994899468288 ), 
  i wouldnt like to have that clock ringing its a ** every 1 hour so close to me :p, 
  and the one with the best view by far among all eu offices i saw these days . 
  you can tell from the monitor 's angle that the pc is there for decoration purposes :d, 
   for merkel to publicly question the reliability of the us is extremely serious . 
  she would not do so lightly . 
  well , she is in the process of trying to convince people/eu states about changing the eu 's military budget/structure , she has to explain it clear . 
  it will help her win the argument against parties/states that are not so interested in moving towards such a direction . 
  i am sure even in germany many people would try to criticize her for increasing military budget ( and not rather spend in healthcare/schools/roads etc ), 
  in the post 's photo there is one called vezuvio ( 1st column , end ) . 
  is it wrong there too or refers to something else , no idea . 
  so nasty that even wikipedia does n't include a photo of it :o, 
  he is another 10 yo troll who has everything figured out, 
   you do realize most of the refugees are ferried 2-3km from north african coast to europe , that 's over hundred kilometer away . 
  they are brought inside italy 's territorial waters for italy to have obligation to rescue them by international maritime law . 
  same as was happening from turkey to greece . 
  you have no idea kiddo , stop talking about things you are oblivious about . 
  i see you have radical opinions . 
  may i suggest another approach that may suit your tastes ? 
  infest mediterranean with white sharks and deal with the drowning refugees as their boat has already sunk ? 
  joking . 
  seriously , military cant be used when their boat has sunk inside your territory . 
  best approach i think is to pay n.african countries to patrol and prevent those boats from coming to eu . 
   if you are willing to use military to stop it . 
  wtf ??
