  why ca n't we all just get along ? 
  europe wants american defense handouts . 
  america plz !, 
  no idea . 
  i am surprised to hear this myself . 
  i might be wrong but i suspect it 's because northern ireland is a [ net receiver ] ( http://www.factcheckni.org/facts/is-northern-ireland-a-net-contributor-to-the-eu/ ) . 
  uk is heavily subsidising ni actually , considering that the public sector accounts for about [ 30 % of northern irish ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_northern_ireland#public_sector ) employed . 
  maybe it 's just that the eu prioritise on funding areas that are net receivers ( typically areas that are in economic decline or have suffered decline ) , which is the eu policy . 
  it makes me wonder what ukip was trying to achieve exactly when they campaigned to leave . 
  they just lost precious funding and wants other countries to pay for their own expense ? 
  tough titties you wo n't be having our own slice of cake !, 
  i edited my response to provide link . 
  that 's what we would think though 82 % of income come from eu grants . 
  i was too lazy to link as i was on mobile . 
  northern ireland farmers get most of their income from eu actually . 
  edit : i was on mobile so i did n't link the claim . 
  nordie farmers get 82 % of income from eu grants . 
  i might sounds bias although i have n't heard of much substantial and compelling argument in favour leave during the campaign . 
  it is mostly about playing the sovereignty card and cost of being in the eu . 
  i mean yeah there might be some cost in being in the eu but the benefits outweigh those . 
  the eu after all give grants and aids to various sectors . 
  most people only know watered down version of their religion to be fair . 
  i take this news as the first symptom of the slow death of reason , human rights and liberty in turkey . 
  ataturk must be rolling on his grave now . 
  there 's a rent crisis here in ireland and the government is reluctant to build high rise buildings in dublin in order to preserve the historical georgian housings . 
  ummm ... this is reddit , an american website . 
  alexander and napoleon took on bigger foes . 
  this reminds me of the alleged stalin 's response to the german offer of prisoner swap between field marshal paulus and his captured son yakov : `` i will not trade a marshal for a lieutenant . '', 
  _ dials 911 _ `` there is a burglar in my house ! '', 
  erdogan : `` never fear , el presidente 's here ! '', 
  do n't choke on your -- aspirations . 
  yeah it 's sadly oxymoron . 
  i am agnostic but nevertheless i admire those who stand up to call out injustices and promote peaceful means to resolve conflicts . 
  good point . 
  there are many religious figures in history who tried to facilitate peace despite threat to their lives . 
  do n't ever take sides against the family . 
  _ cue the godfather music _, 
  well to be fair i think brexit is inevitably going to happen . 
  uk from the beginning has always been the `` reluctant european '' . 
  uk was on the table to start the european economic community but withdrew ; later on they became the founding member of efta separate to eec which pissed off de gaulle . 
  uk has always seen the then eec and now eu as a free trade area despite the ultimate aim that it is going to be a political union ( but this was n't clearly defined at the time ) . 
  soon enough , those things will be true as well for turkey under soon to be sultan erdogan i. 
  actually , no russians mean no bolsheviks since hitler 's prime agenda when he took power was to exterminate them . 
  wwii would have happened for different reasons . 
  i 'm in favour of a world government myself . 
  but i just do n't think we are ready for it given how fractious we humans still are . 
  i have thought about this actually . 
  while the eu policies are loose and this created problems because of the lack of coordination ( like the recession ) , this loose nature however have made it less easier for corporatism to thrive as you said . 
  the brexit response i get interacting with them online can be summarised to this : `` britain is an independent nation that need no supranational institution to support me . '', 
  it 's funny though that a ukip welsh mp suggested to make ireland pay for the motorway . 
  [ removed ], 
  yeah the eu is not even as imposing as one would like to think . 
  maybe i should be the one asking you instead what language you are typing in . 
  if i am not making sense , it 's because you are n't making any sense first . 
  so how does you question relate to my initial comment ? 
  what relevance is being independent from uk to europe becoming ` islamised ' ? 
  how does your question relate to the topic ? 
  there is an underlying assumption in your question that immigrants = invasion . 
  just to let you know , the british are the most numerous foreign nationals in ireland . 
  are they invading and imposing on the irish way of life ? 
  the crux of the problem relating to non-european migrants is that they grew up having values and cultures different to the western culture . 
  the problem of non-assimilation by non-europeans is that the first generation typically identifies very little to the host culture . 
  however , the children and descendants of those first generation migrants typically espouse the culture of the host country . 
  so essentially , the problem is with first-generation non-western immigrants not integrating . 
  i am not against it per se but i do n't think there is enough culture to facilitate a closer union and ensure a democratic process so i prefer the current arrangement . 
  what i like about the eu is that it has the balls to take on corporations because there is no central figure that could be easily _ lobbied _ to and member countries still has their own self-interest to prioritise that it is impossible to lobby on all of them . 
  a centralised eu could be easily be bribed and also i do n't trust having a single european army . 
  i am expecting to see a comment like this in this thread . 
  was not disappointed . 
  the eu is a loose union really . 
   got some of these friends as well . 
  most of them shared an `` article '' that basically said france is on fire and there are massive riots in over 30 cities . 
  so far on various social media i have been to , they 're often americans who cite apparent collapse of european countries and fearful that the whole world will be next . 
  i like the eu but i do n't trust if it becomes more centralized . 
  i do n't think there is quite yet the level of integration and shared culture in europe to strengthen the union . 
  besides , while the loose political power of the eu has its disadvantages , this looseness allows the eu in standing up to greedy corporate interests . 
  i think people would n't mind if yugoslavia is revived as long as the former members have mutual interest and wish to do so ; and i do n't see any reason why external parties would object to it . 
  members of former yugoslavia all pretty much had violent divorce . 
  i do n't know why you entertain the idea of a reunification . 
  there could be solidarity without forming a union . 
  i see some downsides of socialized healthcare and why some would be opposed but i do n't trust the private sector to put a price tag on human life . 
   the idea that any day you could just have an accident or fall ill and then be tens of thousands of dollars in debt sounds downright terrifying . 
  why should i be paying for somebody 's mistake ? 
  as a relatively centrist person , i never would have thought that there 'd be relatively strong adherence to centrism in politics in a given country . 
  i had a brief read about the pro-russian party you mentioned . 
  why are they pro-russian ? 
  is the party just appeasing the ethnic russians in estonia to gain voter base ? 
  seeing as how the elections went in the us despite being further from ireland than ireland is from italy , i think i 've had enough of watching politics turn into circus . 
  it loses novelty after awhile . 
   fianna f\u00e1il is currently the largest political party in ireland ( according to polling ) . 
  they are far from trustworthy . 
  that 's why i put quotation marks haha . 
  i meant that people seem to vote whom is the lesser evil , which is usually the case in most countries . 
  the irish people seem to be centrists in a lot of cases but i think ireland is left socially because of passing the same sex marriage referendum and the growing repeal the 8th movement but economically right as the country is very pro-business especially with the multinationals as you might already know . 
  there is n't really a strong loyalty to political ideologies among the general populace here although i am judging it from my limited cork bubble so i might be wrong . 
  same in ireland , as much as i agree that ireland is basically a tax haven , the companies who have set up in ireland because of the low corp taxes is what created jobs here . 
  the impression i get with uk is that they seem to be proud . 
  it 's not surprising really because uk have always been sort of reluctant to participate in the european affairs . 
  thanks for the insightful response . 
  sounds about the same in ireland where typically only the old people are religious and go to mass .
