but the ozone hole is not yet fixed so you 're still vulnerable . 
  the aussies need to build a wall quickly to patch it up . 
  i suppose it 's because europeans share a long history and intermixing of culture together that they feel some sort solidarity . 
  i think because of the consequences of wwii that europeans realised they need to get their shit together and cooperate with each other , not destroy each other . 
  the culture and history ( the post pre-columbian cultures ) in americas on the other hand is fairly young so i guess there is n't much of a feeling of solidarity . 
  in asia , well many asian culture tend to keep to themselves and we asians do n't like each other haha . 
  ( note : despite my ireland flair , i 'm originally from asia ), 
  my peers went through friendster , bebo and myspace before facebook . 
  the first three did not last as the fad faded away . 
  i was wrong , however , to predict that facebook has the same short expiry date . 
  yeah they do code switching , mixing foreign language with their own language . 
  when indians converse in full english , it 's usually because one person could n't speak another person 's language like , say , when a malayalam speaker talks to a hindi speaker . 
  i guess that makes sense . 
  italians , spanish and the irish are known for having close relationship to their families , i wonder if roman catholicism has any bearing on this . 
  haha i am not surprised r/china is mostly comprised of caucasians , seeing that reddit would be heavily monitored in china . 
  but i am talking about ones that are run by racist/regressive asians ( mostly asian-americans it seems ) . 
  r/aznidentity and r/asianmasculinity subs are pretty annoying subs . 
  according to wikipedia , what is considered be part of anglosphere is debatable . 
  so i 'm not entirely sure . 
   english is lingua franca across europe , does n't mean all of europe is in the anglosphere . 
  well yeah i think anglosphere means countries that uses english as the first language . 
  well the irish language would still be prominent had the english not came . 
  you 're request is denied and you will be bombed . 
  maybe countries considered to be anglosphere are countries whose primary language is english . 
  maybe this 10 % is coming from those who claim english as their first language . 
  i doubt only 10 % of indians can speak english seeing as india is a major place to set up call centres . 
  and english is actually used in india as lingua franca for indians with different languages to communicate with each other . 
  this was like over 1000 years ago so it 's not really feasible . 
  the irish culture is different to the french and spanish cultures , which are closer to each other due to both being former roman territories . 
  well , a lot of irish think the irish language should be abandoned altogether . 
  i think the regressive pc-ness is strictly in the western culture . 
  visit the asian subreddits and they are painfully regressive and claim white men stealing their women , claiming whites are `` sexpats '' and their heads are up in china 's ass . 
  edit : also , i am asian and i think you get the impression that we are n't `` regressive '' because our culture does n't really promote to be outspoken and to keep our heads down . 
  haha plenty of veracious claims in this thread . 
  source ? 
  poor norway , russia and the balkans , they 're not even considered europe according to this map . 
  the wwii french leadership just sucked ass . 
  i wonder how many times napoleon rolled in his grave . 
  the oirish accent . 
  the irish do n't have a singular accent and accents vary from places to places . 
  non-irish media , especially hollywood , never gets it right ( except for brad pitt in snatch ) . 
  edit : added info, 
  ironically , one of the largest group of immigrants in ireland are british although they are n't considered foreigners by law and vice versa . 
  i suppose you are right but i think europe nonetheless takes advantage of us protection to save on spending . 
  even south korea does it ; the south korean armed forces is actually still under us control and the koreans have been delaying the transfer of control . 
   what prevents war is us , not its total size ftfy :p we 're pretty much free-riding on us protection as major nato countries spend less than 2 % of gdp on defense . 
  is this really what she meant ? 
  there is an interesting casual iama from an ex-muslim pakistani woman couple of days ago claiming surge in honour killings in her country . 
  link is below if anyone is interested . 
  i do n't know the specifics in netherlands but ireland also had the same scheme for the unemployed called jobbridge . 
  a top-up of $ 50 weekly increment to pre-exisiting benefits of $ 100 per week for those in `` internship '' . 
  it has been abolished but when it was in place , plenty of jobs posted were positions that should be filled by full time and even professional workers such as butchers or shopkeepers . 
  jobbridge scheme is good on paper and i know people who were greatly benefitted by the scheme for those who have had no work experience to improve by their employability , but the scheme overall was slavery . 
  almost [ 11,000 dropped out of the scheme ] ( http://www.irishexaminer.com/ireland/over-11000-people-drop-out-of-jobbridge-scheme-early-394802.html ) early . 
  i am so baffled as to how this happened . 
  it must have been awkward for the man working for the company who previously fired him but this time he is working basically as a slave . 
  have you ever been told by someone not to do it but you did it anyway ? 
  it 's the same thing in here . 
  some people do n't like being told what to do , especially in one 's own sovereignty , and i think obama 's unusually assertive plea played some role in voting in favour of brexit . 
   `` i 'm a huge fan of barack obama , '' farage said on wednesday during a visit to the republican national convention in cleveland . 
  `` without him we would n't have won the referendum . 
  he was very helpful . ''  the us president visited london in april and made an impassioned plea to britons to remain in the eu . 
  the uk would be at the `` back of the queue '' in any trade deal with the us , he warned what does anyone think ? 
  did obama 's plea backfired ? 
   eu members have chronically underfunded their military for decades . 
  that 's because europe is `` freeriding '' on us protection . 
  of course national defense is important but militarily weak to whom though ? 
  to russia ? 
  is n't the nato already protecting europe ? 
  i have n't read the article yet but i do n't know what to think quite frankly . 
  i admire the eu overall in many ways and what it stands for despite some of its flaws but having an army seems too far . 
  it does n't look compatible enough with the peaceful image that eu is trying to adopt . 
  furthermore , i do n't know what this would mean to overall geopolitics in regards to nato and russia . 
  and i thought duterte is the only politician crazy enough to publicly order to shoot someone . 
  medieval christianity is arguably as violent and dogmatic as islam today bu the former had reform . 
  i think you misunderstood my comment , sorry about the typo . 
  i did n't mean to say that western anti-extremist activities against terrorists is `` terrorism '' in itself from the point of view of muslims . 
  i am talking about trump in my original comment not europe in general . 
  what does le pen want to build a wall too ? 
  and if you so badly want to hear it then yes , ethnic tensions will further increase due to ongoing mass immigration . 
  thank merkel for that . 
  are you happy now ? 
  geez , r/europe are so edgy ... 
  am i missing something or trump also wants to build a wall in europe not just in the us - mexico border ? 
  well in some cases , it 's hardly the people 's fault if a person assigned is too incompetent and not yet sacked because politicians are too beholden to political favours . 
  i am referring to a certain airport administrator back in my home country who has n't been sacked because of his connection to the previous president . 
  jihadists knows no boundaries . 
  if the country is involved in anti extreme islamic activities then the country becomes a target . 
  i 'm pretty sure french involvement in mali played some part as well as in libya . 
  edit : clarification, 
  that drastic change you speak of is if islam reforms . 
  because building a wall is a moderate stance . 
  the reason the public desperately vote for the extremes is that they want out of the status quo and vote for someone who are not `` part of the establsihment '' . 
  i live in ireland and at one point the sinn fein party ( who are affiliated with republican dissident group ira ) became leading in the polls because the _ less _ extreme traditional parties of labour , fine gael and fianna fail are seen as incompetent . 
  yeah there are other parties but these are relatively new and has no proven track record . 
  sinn fein did not win enough seats though but fine gael and fianna fail are both in minority government together which means status quo is maintained . 
  at the same time , in my home country of philippines , there are other options apart from duterte for the presidential election but they all have negative perks attached to them that says status quo will be maintained . 
  desperately , duterte won because he is considered `` an outsider '' and he promised to implement federalism as well as other crazy stuff like executing those involved in drugs . 
  here are the links for those . 
  https://www.quora.com/what-is-the-history-of-proposals-that-russia-join-nato http://www.reddit.com/r/geopolitics/comments/4rxm0l/why_is_russia_still_the_main_geopolitical_enemy/d55f6wl to be honest , informations regarding to russia joining nato are somehow patchy .
