  i do n't think russia would ever join nato due to conflict of interests between both parties . 
  i completely agree that one has personal reponsibility but like i said however , can you really blame the people if they are presented with limited options ? 
  when they feel that politicians are only working for their own interests ? 
  like what south park said , it 's choosing between a turd or a douche . 
  i think it 's the traditional/establishment politicians to blame for their failure to live up to their promises and duties . 
  the public felt they have no choice but to resort to the extreme . 
  i am not saying that it 's correct but one ca n't easily blame the public for doing so . 
  we 're seeing this trend right now throughout the world from trump in usa to duterte in philippines . 
  i believe that one of the eu founders said ( jean monnet ? ), 
  that it is the job of politicians to keep people away from extremes by maintaining a strong economy . 
  if i am not mistaken , in the 90s russia asked to join but nato rebuffed them and the nail in the coffin was during nato intervention in yugoslav war . 
  it will be hilarious until you find yourself being shot at by whoever the hell you are fighting because you 've been drafted to fight in wwiii . 
  rather than tackling the source of the problem , we are instead attacking the symptom of it . 
  yet we act confused as to why the far right is gaining momentum in europe . 
  essentially we are only repeating the events 80 years ago when hitler and mussolini rose to power because of public disillusionment to democracy and to the establishment . 
  well , when was the last time have you heard of a muslim indonesian or muslim malaysian blowing themselves up in the west to profess their love of their religion ? 
  islamophobe then . 
  in any case , just let the downvotes roll . 
  thanks for the response and explaining why the downvotes . 
  i live ireland but i do n't want to put a flair . 
  i consider myself a bohemian here in reddit . 
  well , chinese and koreans have tiger parents to restrict their children . 
  source : am asian . 
  r/europe has plenty of racists so expect them to comment about the man 's background and spew racist things . 
  shit , here comes the anti-muslim comments . 
  edit : wow , downvotes already ? 
  do people seriously think that no racists will comment in here to say to kick out the immigrants or say anything negative of the fact that he 's moroccan ? 
  actually , this quote is correct if the said expert happens to be on corporate payroll like frostxtq . 
   finland has such a small population that we will always be `` bossed around '' by bigger entities to some extent . 
  if we leave the eu , that entitity will become russia . 
  russia is funding these right wing parties too . 
  edit : spelling, 
  thanks for the response . 
  i do think the irish are kind people and i 'm grateful for the opportunity i have been given but the recent rise of far right in in the mainland is worrying in that ireland may also get influenced . 
  ireland does n't have a strong right wing movement but we never know what the future holds . 
  does clicking link actually lead to anything at all ? 
  has anyone tried to catch the link using a touch screen ? 
  yeah , i 'm a filipino living in ireland and i have been thinking of looking for a job there in the uk . 
  maybe the brexit and reported increase of hate crimes on foreigners is a sign for me not to go . 
  i 'm worried about my friend living in london . 
  i 'm surprised this story has n't gained traction here in reddit . 
  i feel uncertain , like fallout uncertain when the un was dissolved and eventually led to the apocalypse . 
  i imagine they 're going to water down or rid some of the harsh provisions like the provision about participating in international organisations before passing the law . 
  as was argued before , britain might try to get a privileged trade deal like switzerland and norway has with eu although the eu might intentionally slow the process as `` punishment '' to britain . 
  some people just wants to see the world burn . 
  what factors are taken into account when predicting the population ? 
  i imagine some population would increase due to immigration . 
  also add that oliver 's main audience are americans who knows nothing of the european politics so he does n't worry getting called out . 
  i 'm for remain camp but oliver conveniently skipped brexit arguments . 
  this is such a `` bad '' new reporting . 
   turkey 's upcoming referendum has polarised society both inside and outside the country as the ruling justice and development ( akp ) party continues employing a rhetoric accusing those voting against the reform `` terrorists '' . 
  ah classic dictator tactic , trying to marginalize someone with `` either you are with us or against us '' thinking . 
  would visa free travel also apply to eu citizens going to georgia ? 
   it says multiculturalism `` leads to fragmentation and segregation where culture clashes occur '' i definitely agree on this one . 
  i do n't think multiculturalism is dead though despite proclamation by some european leaders ; humanity in general simply is n't just ready yet in my opinion . 
  globalization is inevitable as people far apart become more reliant with each other and that communications and transport are becoming increasingly instantaneous that , slowly but surely , cultures around the world are finding a more common ground - which arguably could lead the world to having a global common culture \u00e0 la star trek . 
  i had n't realised france conquered india , and it 's very interesting to see that the middle of portugal was taken but not the rest . 
  what 's the dark green about ? 
  also some expats/immigrants have romanticised views of their ancestor 's homeland because they feel marginalised in the country they are in . 
  i 'm going to spitball here but maybe to do with how france handled immigration and housing ? 
  from what i heard muslim french are some of the marginalised people in france and many of them live in ghettos . 
  well that is ideal but humans are not yet ready for it . 
  people thought trump had no chance of winning either . 
  we should not be so complacent my friend . 
  your post made me smirk . 
  i thought it was brexit . 
  shortly after brexit the eu invested more providing youth-oriented programmes and creating jobs for them . 
   and those slimy politicians have zero morals . 
  if house of cards taught me anything , this is exactly it . 
  although to be fair not all politicians are deceitful and selfish but it seems that those who are tend to stay long in the game . 
   26 percent feel `` rather unsafe . '', 
  over a quarter is still something to be concerned about . 
  you can find the video of it on youtube and the politician was indeed heckled . 
  it seems that brexit politicians were just trying to score some political points by being `` anti-establishment '' which they could use to further their own careers . 
  boris johnson and nigel farage backtracked on their stances after brexit won so it 's plausible that they do n't really want to leave the eu . 
  oh yeah definitely . 
  like the [ ukip politician who wants to make ireland pay ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-38153180 ) for the use of the m4 motorway now that the eu fundings are gone to maintain it . 
  like bloody bollocks we will . 
  i never believed in `` 2016 sucks '' meme but now i definitely think that 2016 sucks . 
  rip mates . 
  your cover song of skyfall is my favourite . 
   botswana has a gdp per capita of around $ 7000 . 
  i mean that , relatively speaking , botswana is doing well compared to other african countries and other british colonies that are poor . 
  botswana has a continuous democratic government with no political instability i.e. 
  coups that disrupts it . 
   you can not look at singapore 's economic model and use it for other rich countries , let alone poor ones . 
  i am not sure what point you are trying to make about singapore but nonetheless it is as successful as the other developed countries that were former british colonies such as canada , australia , new zealand and us etc. 
  singapore is a trading and financial hub in asia as well as having a successful albeit small manufacturing sector especially pharmaceuticals . 
  botswana , singapore ( and ghana maybe ? ), 
  are former non-white dominated colonies that did well . 
  tourism . 
  people say islam needs reform like christianity did which i very much agree ; but it 's going to be near impossible because there are many islamic sects and most of them have no central authority to lead a sort of reformation unlike in christianity . 
  so that 's why erdogan is playing the goat simulator . 
   what would ataturk say ? 
  i know what erdogan would say : he 's dead . 
  apart from getting protection from the still ongoing russian assertivness , its beneficial actually in the long run having the americans . 
  they do n't accuse europe as freeriders for nothing because we save cost on the budget having them . 
  same with south korea where they continually rebuffed the handover of korean armed forces from us control . 
  american `` allies '' exploit being under american defense umbrella . 
  edit : wording,
