  i was just answering what i assume was an honest question about our weather . 
  for now , the heat wave is over as far as i know . 
  and when i say heat wave , i mean 3 days with temperatures about 32-36 \u00b0 c ( less than 100 \u00b0 f ) . 
  there 's a handful of these every summer . 
  that said , home ac is pretty uncommon ( because you really only * need * it 2-3 weeks a year ) , and with such short-lived heat spikes , there 's no way to adjust to the temperature before it 's over again . 
  it 's like the weather sucker-punches you , then stops as soon as you get your defenses up . 
  at the moment , temperature 's are down to the 25-30 \u00b0 c range . 
  [ 18 of them left their rifles on the train last year . 
  ] ( http://www.blick.ch/news/schweiz/von-schlampigen-soldaten-liegen-gelassen-sbb-sammeln-18-armee-waffen-ein-id4628592.html ) this is actually surprisingly low , considering swiss conscriptees on a train come with either alcohol or red bull included . 
  which story ? 
  all i can see is *******, 
  those guys are nice . 
  their garrison is right up the hill from where i live . 
  i sometimes see them jogging . 
  or hear them blowing shit up . 
  or see them jump out of planes . 
  or do helicopter chases * below * power lines . 
  well , we would n't want to repeat munich ' 72 , would we now ? 
  ( for the uninformed , gsg9 was created specifically after and because the israeli olympics team was taken hostage by terrorists and the situation went horribly . ), 
  i 'm german . 
  last time i tried , i drew france as a square ( it 's a hexagon , silly me !, 
  ) , the netherlands to the north of germany , and do n't even get me started on the mess that was eastern europe . 
  my ukrainian colleague was shaking his head . 
  naturally , i swapped romania and bulgaria ( sorry guys ) , but that 's okay , since neither were really where they should have been . 
  as it stands right now , fdp will be the smallest part of a jamaica coalition , if they were to be part of government . 
  cdu/fpd alone does n't have a majority . 
  more likely , we 'll keep cdu/spd , but the fpd should at least make it into parliament this time ( i hope ) . 
  or avalanches , for that matter . 
  i know , the rant is n't directed at you , but at the author of the article . 
  what the fuck kind of title is that ? 
  what does it matter who she worked for at that moment ? 
  at best , this should be a minor point in the text , towards the end of the article . 
  it 's not like ubisoft made her do dangerous stunts against her will . 
  she had a job , and she died in a snowstorm/avalanche which was largely unrelated to the job , apart from placing her at the general scene . 
  it 's like writing `` french elevator repair man jacques lejacques dies while repairing elevator for ubisoft hq '' the title puts unnecessary blame on ubisoft for no reason other than to get clicks due to people either hating on ubisoft in general or asking `` what has ubisoft to do with it ? '', 
  still the strongest party , and a cdu/spd coalition still has the majority . 
  the only other coalition i can imagine right now ( based on political views of the parties and polling results ) would be jamaica , i.e. 
  cdu/green/fdp . 
  but i doubt the cdu will stop working with the incredibly weak ( as in not having any non-shitheads at federal level ) spd, 
  and yet , as many opposers of ttip , you * severely * underestimate the influence european corporations have on this treaty . 
  as much as the us corporations want to spread to europe , eu corporations want easier access to the us market . 
  for example : the eu automotive industry is * very * interested in this deal , being stronger than their us counterpart already . 
  mercedes , bmw , fiat , they 're all pushing parts of the treaty that we might not like . 
  i 'm not saying it 's not a bad deal , but pointing fingers solely at us corporations does n't help . 
  what irritates me about ttip is the idiocy of the majority of its critics . 
  * there 's enough good arguments against ttip * : there 's real problems to indicate , industry-led negotiations being conducted with little to no transparency or possibility for input . 
  and yet the critics go all slippery-slope . 
  europe will get chlorine-treated chicken because the us will sue . 
  our privacy and consumer rights standards will be undermined or the us will sue ( note that suing has no chance to fail in the critics logic , because evil corporate judges ! ) . 
  for some reason i can not comprehend , these people declare worst-case scenarios as facts , without there being the need to . 
  i dislike ttip , but i dislike the opposition to ttip even more . 
  i believe this sort of `` oppositional populism '' is severely hurting the population 's position in discussions . 
  if you start bringing weak arguments , they 'll be shot down , and every good argument from that point can be ignored , because you labeled yourself an idiot . 
  uhh ... 
  yes . 
  yes , he was . 
  his party got 33 % in the [ november 1932 elections ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_federal_election,_november_1932 ) , which were still free elections . 
  the next strongest party ( the social democrats ) got 20 %, 
  on the one hand , that 's true . 
  on the other hand : there 's literally a billion indians , and you 'll probably never cross paths with anyone but the top 500 of that class outside of india . 
  our ( german ) coal subsidies are simply ridiculous , especially in light of shutting down nuclear plants . 
  let me make this clear from the outset : i 'm not saying we * should n't * find alternatives to nuclear power . 
  nuclear waste disposal is a big problem . 
  * but : * it 's a problem that does n't actually scale all that much with quantity , e.g. 
  a decent solution for 1000 castors will likely work for 2000 as well ( albeit with higher costs ) . 
  that said , shutting down nuclear plants * before * shutting down coal is utterly stupid . 
  coal plants have actual and relatively short term influences on climate . 
  we ca n't turn to renewable energy shouting `` save our planet ! '', 
  while keeping some of the most polluting power plants around . 
  people seem to forget the 1 year on jail time on probation and the fact that the person in question was tried for a forced kiss . 
  i agree that it does n't send a strong signal against it , but i disagree that it * should * . 
  justice is * not * about sending a signal to other criminals , but about trying and judging a suspect fairly . 
  i really wish you never tread close to any legal system in existence . 
  only if these people , like many people in this very thread decide to ignore context and most importantly , * what * these people were convicted for : a forced kiss . 
  i 'm not excusing the actions at all , but with all the calls for harsher punishments , i 'm actually more disgusted by the lynch-mob mentality . 
  these people were tried and judged fairly , to the extent of the law , but not beyond . 
  you can not try individuals on everything that has happened in that night . 
  that 's not how our legal systems work , and that 's not how our legal system * should * work . 
   the uk will trigger article 50 . 
  there 's no way around it , politically . 
  the referendum may have been an advisory one , but that does n't make it any less politically binding . 
   [ ... ]  the only way i can see how the uk could possibly stay would be to trigger article 50 , and then have another referendum at the end of the negotiations . 
  recently , i 've seen many people use `` we voted , the people have spoken ! '', 
  as an argument against a second referendum , which makes me question people 's very understanding of democracy . 
  let me start with an exaggerated example : in germany , in 1933 , the people have spoken . 
  does n't change the fact that it is now considered a bad move . 
  our democracies * already * account for the fact that the people 's will can change . 
  it 's why we elect our government anew every couple of years . 
  there 's also provisions in place for a government to * resign * before the end of their term , triggering new elections . 
  if `` the people have spoken '' is such a binding argument , * why * do we do that ? 
  i mean , did n't the people vote and elect the government for a full term ? 
  now , it is obvious that the political landscape of britain has changed significantly in the last two weeks , with major pro-brexit campaigners taking back campaign promises , and even outright fleeing the political scene altogether . 
  the potential impact this has on the voters is enormous , especially in light of the very low winning margin of 3.7 % . 
  a second referendum , while it will surely annoy the rest of the eu , is , in my opinion , * almost mandatory * to uphold the principles of democracy in britain . 
  and i think , with the fallout of the brexit becoming clearer , the time for it might well be * now * , rather than after the negotiations . 
  and let me make this clear : i 'm * not * saying we should repeat every single vote for anything ever . 
  and i * am * aware that this would set a dangerous precedent , in which a call for repeating a referendum/an election could probably be heard after every referendum/election for years to come . 
  but i still strongly feel that it 's the right thing to do , in this very particular case , which is the biggest political decision britain is faced with in the last , and probably for the next , couple of decades . 
  til there 's an english version of the german stgb . 
  yeah , the third one had weird rules in which a team could re-join the tournament when the team that kicked it out was beaten by enough other countries .
