  although these include monaco , andorra and san marino without any murders reported , and saudi arabia ( yeah right ) . 
  city dwellers are naturally disposed to being lazy , leeching on the produce procured from the heart of the earth by honest , hardworking farmers . 
  ( too easy ), 
  also , kebab and gyros are basically the same , too !, 
  ^ ( you brought this upon yourself by providing the setup , i 'm not sorry . ), 
  hmm ... if we 're going to call the uk and greece `` nearby '' , the 17 stars will probably suffice , there 's bicycles to steal and a lot of balkan to cover ... 
  but do n't worry , that wo n't happen : unifying the balkan countries has historically proven a bad idea , multiple times . 
  latvia 's flag is similar , how about them instead ? 
  that 's only 17 stars though . 
  if we make the arms one longer each , we have 25 stars , which works out once we kick out the uk and ... uh ... greece , i guess . 
  now with 100 % less idiotic giffery ( seriously yougov : why ?!, 
  the hit of terrorism on tourism is transitory though . 
  once the coverage is over , the populace forgets , and back to bodrum in summer it is . 
  erdogan being a huge douchedick has a much bigger impact on tourism now . 
  unless , of course , austrian voters are not `` sick of experts '' yet . 
  yes . 
  they bought the area in 1978 , and the local government of nearby arnsbach agreed on the current plans in 2014 . 
  legally , the activists are absolutely and definitely in the wrong here , even when you 're not counting them openly attacking rwe employees . 
  not everyone is looking for an alternative . 
  her approval rate is still round-about 50 % . 
  she has n't led us germans into any unmanageable catastrophes , despite what some people proclaim . 
  the economy does great , overall wealth is up . 
  our constitution is fine as is . 
  if anything , internal party politics need to be revised because it 's there that candidates are created . 
  the best way to do that , by the way , is to join a party yourself . 
  i forgot a `` union '' there . 
  and i mean a country that shares the lowest common denominator of the values held by the eu member countries , such as not arresting journalists or members of parliament for criticizing the government . 
  hey , it works for entering the us as a german . 
  paraphrasing here because i ca n't find the form online  were you , in any way , involved in war crimes associated with the rule of the national socialist regime of germany in the years 1933-1945 ? 
  with an emphasis on `` in any way '' , which technically makes it include victims . 
  although i guess lying on the sheet is more sensible than trying to argue about that with an immigration officer . 
   you know . 
  we do ? 
  i 'm fairly certain that if you were to ask german people about spain , you 'd get a lot of coastline and a couple of cities , namely ( in order of importance ) palma de mallorca , loret del mar , barcelona and madrid . 
  plant more tulips , maybe ? 
  that might be true , but there definitely was a time when the turkish government at least tried to look like it could potentially have european union potential . 
  i 've now come to believe that the brexit was orchestrated by the british journalism lobby , who were in dire need of a topic to write article upon article about without ever having to write something * new * . 
  remember that country that wanted to leave the eu and made a great campaign and referendum about it and such , like , this year ? 
  yeah , even * they * wo n't have left the eu by 2018 . 
  karlsruhe is also less than 2 million . 
  the only way i can count 2 million people where that dot is involves karlsruhe , mannheim , ludwigshafen * and * stuttgart , and presumably everything in between , since even these 4 cities together only sum up to 1.6 million . 
  if that is true , the entirety of this statistic is useless . 
  you simply can not compare lte prices when some of it is `` x gb lte , then slower '' . 
  off-topic , but why does a graph that is even labeled with indy 100 look like indy 100 reposted it a dozen times ? 
  is there a prohibitive tax on pixels that i do n't know about ? 
   but yeah , die linke has in parts a troublesome relationship with russia . 
  luckily they are very far away from foreign policy decisions for now . 
  their foreign policy ideas are a big reason for them being far away from foreign policy decisions . 
  wallenstein did nothing wrong !, 
  what , so you can just declare total war and that makes everything valid tactics ? 
  that 's not how the world works either . 
  you * can * use the total war argument to point out that attacks on civilians were n't uncommon and therefore they were not persecuted as war crimes , but that should not preclude the allies from * morally * owning up to what they did . 
  `` the other side were the bad guys '' is a shitty argument , and a ridiculously bad way of processing history . 
  this . 
  d\u00fcsseldorf carnival floats are basically 3d versions of charlie hebdo covers . 
  carnival floats are nothing but 3d political cartoons . 
  as such , spiking controversy is basically one of their jobs . 
  not exactly . 
  the german president has to sign the law in order for the law to be applied . 
  they have to verify that this law is formally correct ( i.e. 
  passed the legislative process correctly ) . 
  they also have the right to verify that this law is * legal * in itself , i.e. 
  does n't violate existing laws , especially the grundgesetz . 
  the latter part is pretty controversial since the boundaries are n't really set , with some people even arguing it does n't exist at all . 
  if a president decides to * not * sign a law , the legislative side can * sue * , taking the matter to the supreme constitutional court . 
  there * is * the alternative of changing the grundgesetz , which takes the 2/3 majority you mentioned . 
  iirc , the last time this happened was in 2006 , when then-president horst k\u00f6hler refused to sign a law about airspace security . 
  and it was big news . 
  i feel sorry already for both the police , and the regular protesters wishing to express genuine concern . 
  in that sense , i will also offer a genuine `` fuck you '' to the `` left-wing '' extremists who undoubtedly will set fire to some poor student 's opel corsa to `` protest against capitalism '' because reasons . 
   #europe 's laughingstock   ** with the upcoming brexit negotiations , the eu faces a london government that does n't know what it wants , and is led by an unworldly politician . 
  **   if the situation in great britain was n't as serious , this could all be quite funny . 
  the country is governed by a talking robot called maybot , who managed to not talk to survivors nor volunteer helpers when visiting the burnt-down highrise in west london . 
  on monday , negotiations about the exit from the eu are set to start , but nobody has even the semblance of a plan . 
  the government depends on a small party that offers a comfy homestead to climate change deniers and creationists . 
  boris johnson is foreign minister . 
  what in the world has happened to this country ? 
    two years ago , david cameron came out of the parliamentary elections a shining winner . 
  he 'd gained an absolute majority , meaning that the career of this cheerful light weight was heading towards an astonishing completion . 
  the economy grew faster than it did in any other industrialized country in the world . 
  scottish independence and the breakdown of the united kingdom was averted . 
  for the first time since 1992 , there was a conservative majority in the lower house . 
  great britain took itself as a universally respected actor on the international stage . 
  this was the initial situation . 
    ### cameron 's fatal decision   to get from this comfortable position to the current chaos in such a short time , two things were needed : the conservative right 's obsessive hate towards the eu , and cameron 's lack of responsibility , who put the country 's future on the line in order to satisfy a couple of fanatics in his own party . 
  what an exceptionally bad decision that was grows ever clearer . 
  that great britain has turned into europe 's laughingstock is directly linked with the brexit vote . 
    the victims are the british citizens , who were lied to by the pro-brexiters and betrayed and taken for fools by parts of their press during the referendum campaign . 
  to this day , the shamelessness knows no bounds : the `` daily express '' actually asked if the high rise fire could be linked to the fact , that the high rise was constructed in accordance to eu regulations . 
  it 's trivial to find that the answer to this question is no , but by asking them without proof , the suspicion is out and about : it 's probably the eu 's fault as well . 
  by the way : a country with a press that is partially ostentatiously disinterested in truth and utilizes a catastrophe like the grenfell tower fire for their own propaganda , has a serious problem . 
    ---------   ## in the end , great britain will be weakened in every way . 
    ---------   already , prices in stores are rising . 
  already , inflation is rising . 
  investors are holding back . 
  the economy grows slower than before . 
  and the brexit negotiations have n't even started yet . 
  with her unnecessary snap elections , prime minister theresa may has wasted an eighth of the time allotted for them . 
  how a complex endeavor like brexit is supposed to be negotiated in the remaining time is a mystery . 
    in the end , great britain will leave its most important trade partner , and be weakened in every way .
