  he speaks perfect german, 
  relax , you 're not on / r/politics, 
  i will vote spd with the second vote too , but greens with the first , because i like their candidate for my constituency . 
  aaaand i 'm going to the fridge again , 
  eurovision song contest for food ? 
  i 'm in . 
  sounds like a great idea right ? 
  oh i misunderstood you then . 
  people from other countries should vote on what their country brings . 
  let 's do it like the eurovision songcontest . 
  actually i think that is a fantastic idea . 
  let 's have a eurovision for food . 
  i do n't believe that . 
  nrw is the most populous state . 
  we will have to do a casting between our states to find out what we bring to the party . 
  otherwise there will be a revolt . 
  welcome to the internet , 
  what about the nuclear power plant 70 kilometers away from munich ? 
  we do n't have 2600 square kilometers to spare in germany . 
  people are living here and have been for centuries . 
  i am not willing to take any chances with that , however small they might be . 
  and many people here feel the same way . 
  i get that fossil energy sources are dangerous too . 
  we should get away from both . 
  the thing is that power plants are run by private companies for a profit . 
  it is in their interest to maximize that profit , and they do that by keeping the running cost low . 
  i do n't trust these companies to keep the security measures the should . 
  we had countless incidents in germany where the big operators of nuclear power plants violated regulations . 
  the oil spill in the gulf of mexico is just another example that these companies can not be trusted to do everything they can to prevent dramatic failures . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  why do you think the chernobyl exclusion zone exists in the first place ? 
  because it is too dangerous for humans to live there - after 27 years !, 
  i am curious . 
  in what way do you think nuclear power plants are a good energy source ? 
  the predomenant opinion here seems to be that they are far too dangerous , if an accident were to happen , they produce a lot of nasty waste that is expensive to get rid of and they are only profitable because the taxpayer is getting rid of the waste . 
  plus uranium is a limeted resource just like oil and coal . 
  not really . 
  that opinion is political suicide in germany , at least since fukushima . 
  yeah , shows what kind of people you attract with such a stupid headline . 
  oh god do n't go into the comment section of that article . 
  instant loss of faith in humanity . 
  ( once upon a time ... ) : i believe this educational cartoon was also broadcasted in a lot of countries . 
  they use the same characters to teach kids about history , space , the working of the body ... 
  yes , we had those in germany , they are amazing . 
  man that brings back memories . 
  [ this youtube channel ] ( http://www.youtube.com/user/eswareinmalmaestro ) has many of them in german . 
  i figured those interested could google themselves . 
  here is a few . 
  http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/authors/o/otto_von_bismarck.html beware that there are many misattributed quotes when it comes to bismarck . 
  check out his [ wikiquote page ] ( http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/otto_von_bismarck ) . 
  apparently the thing about sausages and laws is among the misattributed . 
  i was actually thinking of another quote from him , but i could not find out if it has been verified . 
  `` wenn die welt untergeht , so ziehe ich nach mecklenburg , denn dort geschieht alles 50 jahre sp\u00e4ter '' which translates to : when the world ends , i will move to mecklenburg , because everything happens 50 years later there . 
  i am german , i never joke nor lie ... ever . 
  this election campaign is the most boring i can remember . 
  i think they do that on purpose . 
  oh there are many more good quotes by that man . 
  i like that we are friends now < 3, 
  well you could start a discussion about a topic anyway . 
  it does not have to be a series . 
  just post your opinion on a topic to get the discussion going and maybe guide it into a certain direction ? 
  well we do have the `` what do you know about ... '' series that will cover romania at some point . 
  make sure to post in that . 
  i am sure we could have a good discussions on this , and many of us western europeans ( myself included ) could learn a lot about romania . 
  maybe you should make some ? 
  i would be glad to learn more about you guys , 
  what has that to do with it ? 
  the revolution of 1848 had already failed long before bismark became chancellor . 
  i think he should be very high up on the list . 
  if vienna had fallen to the turks , much of europe , certainly the balkans would have been totally different from what they are now . 
  also this guy [ ernst r\u00fcdiger von starhemberg ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ernst_r%c3%bcdiger_von_starhemberg ) , military commander of vienna during the siege . 
  he is often called the first european for that reason . 
  we also have to thank [ john sobieski ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_iii_sobieski ) for that . 
  without him vienna would have fallen and arguably a large part of europe would have fallen under muslim rule . 
  i think [ robert blum ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/robert_blum ) and the other revolutionaries of 1848 should be high up in this list . 
  many of them gave their lives for freedom and unity . 
  unfortunately they failed to achieve either . 
  i think it would be frankfurt . 
  prussia would not allow vienna to be capital , and austria would not allow berlin to be it . 
  frankfurt was capital of the german federation at that time . 
  yes but he is also the reason austria exists . 
  without him maybe germany today would include austria . 
  it 's a heart, 
  i think it has a lot to do with the fact that people associate albania to the balkan conflicts of the past decades . 
  can we bring our own beer or do we have to drink your warm ~ ~ piss ~ ~ ? 
  51 people is not many . 
  i would agree . 
  you could also argue that napoleon was pretty important to the unification of germany . 
  after all it was him that disposed the last remnants of the holy roman empire . 
  also the napoleonic wars drove the longing for national unity in a big way . 
  hell you could put that on pay-tv, 
  but many burglaries effect more than one citizen . 
  you have to set the number of burglaries in relation to the number of households ( around 40 million in germany ), 
  to be fair it is the same language . 
  we may not be part of the same country but we share the same sprachraum ( with some of the swiss ) . 
  einzeltier = single animal, 
  are you couning reparations, 
  kinda makes you wonder what would have happened if that dreadful treaty never took place . 
  northern italy, 
  a problem that austrians seem to have avoided quite well,
