  and i used to laugh at heavy rain 's norman jayden using those `` too much sci-fi for the time period '' ari glasses . 
  holy shit , the future is now . 
  it 's actually more common than you think . 
  where i live , some pricier items are also have magnetic trackers attached . 
  in example : expensive cured-air dried meat , cheese , some alcohol depending on price , smaller electronic items , and etc. 
  i always thought he was that dwarf who finds the jewel in the beginning of the movie . 
  i imagined vaccum cleaner noise . 
  you know that one bridesmaid that 's wearing those platforms is one of those ` i 'll support my tall friend by trying become tall too ! ', 
  the visitors . 
  swedish haunted house horror film . 
  damn , the build up was fucking ubelievable . 
  could watch the climax of the film . 
  too scary when i was a kid . 
  also , took a lot of effort finding it again to rewatch the movie . 
  ` young family moving in , haunted house , ghost in attic ' keywords for searching are fucking useless . 
  the last time i threw a party few yrs ago , cops came and saw me shaving my own head bald with razor , me laughing in complete drunkness . 
  i was celebrating my 20th cake day . 
  they were speechless but with ` gettin real tired of your shit , kledaras ' faces ... 
  thanks cpt . 
  i do this too . 
  wow . 
  i frown upon the `` i 'm not a unique snowflake '' , but damn , i 'm not a fucking unique snowflake ! . . 
  so , what you 're saying is that they need to . . construct additional pylons ? 
  this mod jerking with deleting relevant threads is stupid . 
  in a way disrespectful . 
  in circumstances like these even inappropriate sub is ok because it 's huge news . 
  i 'm very sorry for what has happened . 
  stay safe ,, 
  linus from lithuania . 
  do n't worry kid , we have the technology - we can rebuild them . 
  there is a huge one . 
  depending on equipment - the louder volume is tuned the more mp3 lossyness comes out even at 320 . 
   speak for yourself . 
  * spank *, 
  ha , mine 's joker . 
  aww , cute !, 
  op , are you 50 + ? 
  this looks boring . 
  like , no fun at all ( the contents ) . 
  edit : oh it 's stock photo . . 
  as a baltic dude , i was confused for a moment . 
  oh god , it 's antichrist all over again . 
  twist : your grandad is german . 
  that even most smart looking/sounding , open-minded , liberal people , communities , `` facts '' , events can be false , questionable , unfair and bias towards almost every aspect of life . 
  and it takes a lot of other people to push through and point that out . 
  it made me aware of it , and made me question a lot of things which are presented to me . 
  edit : perfect example : after finishing this comment , i open-up / r/gaming and what do i see ? 
  * '' [ false info ] sony listens to the people * ; * '' [ misleading title ] australia joins germany in condemning xbox one for being a surveillance device . 
  considered a `` major breach of privacy '' * one above each other . 
  see what i mean ? 
  i thought it was some crazy technology where a program identifies one logical colour of millions possible saturation , shades , hues , tints , values , etc. 
  of the black and white pixels and interprets them into respective colour suggestion for that particular shade of black and white/grey in those circumstances or an actual colour that was seen back then with the naked eye in the photographed place . 
  i do n't understand , did n't people understand they were being tracked since the patriot act took action ? 
  everything about spying on people daily business was/is reenacted in popular culture since , basically , 9/11 . 
  mika take it easy . 
  it reeks of alcohol and barf . 
  oh look , it 's that popular song . 
  only in quirky format . 
  was it worth it ? 
  you were 21 in these photos ?!, 
  mid 30 more likely . 
  * opens velcro nipple patches *, 
  this is like something out of gta world . 
  how long have you been sick ? 
  how it managed to get up here ? 
  yeah , still a bit awkward everytime i do it because it takes a while for everyone to look around/remember who 's who , heh . 
  holy shit . 
  i was too late to say this , but glad someone else ( and it seems a lot of ppl ) plays this game :d, 
  i like to `` beat the rain '' by racing a huge-ass rain/storm front to my home if such a possibility arises . 
  mildly dissapointed if i 'm interupted by a trafic jam or simply not making in time to watch the rain start through my window and not getting my ass wet , lol . 
  wicked !, 
  what kind of setting is that ? 
  i mean that i see the experiment instruments which are inside of the iss ? 
  and then a background of stars , space ? 
  whats going on in that gif ? 
  what car ? 
  only question i can come up right now : [ is this photo real or shopped ? 
  i believe this also works on win7 ? 
  oh , i was so hoping i find this one . 
  thanks !, 
  touch me i 'm going to scream - my morning jacket, 
  depeche mode - enjoy the silence, 
  thank you for responding . 
  how is it misspelled ? 
  what race were the atackers ? 
  foldable/rubber keyboard . 
  that shit is frustrating to type with . 
  i was thinking more of a 500mw pocket laser ... 
  nope . 
  i think theres a vid somewhere on net showing him or someone with similar dick wanking it . 
  yeah i guess some were more comfortable with leaving their weapons behind than the others . 
  michonne was one of them . 
  she wanted to play house but now reluctantly she has to stay on guard - side with rick 's pro-gun attitude . 
  when now it 's clear to her and others that everything could be lost at any moment . 
  what is the context ? 
  yeah that works for me . 
  it 's more of a meta question that i would like answered in other zombie fiction - not just twd . 
  s2 little spoiler ahead :, 
  by the way , did n't the group refuse to drink the tainted water from the bloated zombie well in s2 ? 
  at least there are some details from the creators that make my question not so irrelevant .
