detached ? 
  it 's the city folk who are `` detached '' from reality of everyday life , which causes neuroses amongst these populations . 
  it is reality of life and living in acceptance with it . 
  i agree , it 's not something pleasurable to be around with [ death ] . 
  it is good to be aware of it , though . 
  floppy silicone keyboard . 
  those things are not prepared for the world yet . 
  op was probably speeding in europe . 
  75 km/h not mph , that is . 
  adam , did you fix your bad breath ? 
  that youtube stabilization shit has got to go . 
  i 'm curious how my computer would behave if i 'd opened one . 
  hard disk partitions become red instantly ? 
  instant system freeze/blue screen of death ? 
  what ? 
  this gives a proper literal meaning to `` brb fbi '' . 
  alot, 
  you 're not supposed to use them for that ? 
  what ?!, 
  what are they for then ? 
  taking dna samples for csi reasons ? 
  in the end it was all just a dream , a mirage , if you will . 
  there was no blue shirt player , no kiss on the lips . 
  hell , even a soccer game . 
  just me , my hard-on and a sea of doubt followed by fear of accepting my true emotions . 
  never again i will let myself feel anything like this again . 
  never again . 
  tonight i shall rest ; tonight i fap alone by myself , for myself . 
  i 'm curious , where did all evacuated new yorkers go to ? 
  400,000 is a lot of people . 
  for the death of the king !, 
  ah , i now understand . 
  thanks . 
  laser point above the litter box . 
  `` but he is not always alone . 
  when the long winter nights come on and the wolves follow their meat into the lower valleys , he may be seen running at the head of the pack through the pale moonlight or glimmering borealis , leaping gigantic above his fellows , his great throat a-bellow as he sings a song of the younger world , which is the song of the pack . '', 
  to be honest , the translation to my language sounded even better . 
  lol . 
  but it 's epic nontheless . 
  when the famine was obvious , did anyone start to think about alternative ways to acquire food , to do something collectively . 
  to stand up for yourself to this threat ? 
  i 'm 22 and glad i dodged the pokemon thing . 
  did n't like it anyway when i was a kid . 
  dragonball  pokemon, 
  for a better tomorrow . 
  to see new and exiting things unfold . 
  what wonder will i still be able to see ? 
  what scenarios there will be for me ? 
  new space discoveries ? 
  a wwiii ( yikes hope not ) !? 
  awesome creations in technology , science and entertainment !, 
  [ someone is thinking very much alike ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/k6gdz ), 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  op , shut the fuck up and name the puppy twinkie like thisisyourpenis said so . 
  no need to thanks us for this awesome name . 
  no go , do it . 
  i 'm lucky that when i sleep with socks on ( in a cold winter ) i end up staying with both on . 
  is that legit jeff bridges ? 
  it 's nice but i do n't get it . 
  redbull space jump theme maybe ? 
  please be aware of homeless pets that may take shelter from cold on/by the vehicle engine where it is still worm from driving . 
  these photos show what happened to poor cat tova ( named after the auto shop who helped free her ) , who was caught in the engine belt . 
  in the morning , unsuccessfully trying to start the car , the car owner checked under the hood . 
  there he found a tangled cat in the engine 's outer moving parts . 
  the poor animal meow ` ed in heartbreaking dull sound and was completely stuck . 
  the driver immediately called animal rescue and a mechanic . 
  with the assistance of the said auto mechanic , they freed her . 
  the auto mechanic showed extreme care for her and hence the kitty was named after the shop he works in . 
  she is now recovering in the hands of animal rescue . 
  sorry , article is in lithuanian . 
  indeed , in the first photo she looked really messed up . 
  how easy is to sneak in and out ? 
  your sudden burst into other language reminds me [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zmtr0ygzuu ), 
  i really hope this is not fake . 
  also , they are lucky that no one attacked the girl in flight-or-fight . 
  i could n't design this on a computer , let alone in fucking sand !, 
  can you say that you are happy as a person , to where you come so far ? 
  despite all the wealth and fame ? 
  christianity 1:0 atheists, 
  zombies . 
  sooo if zombies always seeks eating fresh flesh non-stop in ideal circumstances ... then , when they 're full do they , you know . . poop ? 
  i think [ this ] ( http://weburbanist.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/07/banksy-photos-prints-tattoos-lost-girl.jpg ) illustrates op 's feelings about the media . 
  mine too . 
  til kkk is still around . 
  either i do n't get how to or you guys need to bring back youtube old top videos browsing back or even add by date or view count or rating , i do n't know !, 
  feels constricted now . 
  i want top of all time people !, 
  dae not understand those finance graphs , numbers and terminology ? 
  to me it 's like trying to read matrix green code ... where can i learn about this ? 
  so it begins ... 
  mostly . . 
  this is r/mildlyinteresnting . 
  first we should get the obvi question out there : are you a homeless person ? 
  you know , just checking ... 
  alejandro jodorowsky 's the holy mountain trailer song played in my head . 
  [ are you ? 
  ] ( http://www.giantbomb.com/quake/61-8015/all-images/52-162895/quakezombie/51-1746361/ ), 
  was n't there a similar panel , only with a bit different screenshots ?
