  unless that it was just the gross factor :d, 
  i feel bad for coming to this thread . 
  yeah , it 's fine . 
  just a bit of a downer . 
  so many sad stories . 
  why eyelids ? 
  is it possible for some submarine tracking systems to detect said heat dump ? 
  it 's not that small . 
  it 's like any other pop can of 0.33 l. it 's all over shops where i live ( europe ) . 
  also we have 0.5 l cans . 
  i see . 
  oh , and i also forgot to mention the [ 330ml small glass bottle ] ( http://www.carlsberggroup.com/sitecollectionimages/news/somersby/somersby%20red%20nails.jpg ) version ( best tasting somersby !, 
  and [ 1l plastic bottle ] ( http://pristatymas.freshmarket.lt/out/pictures/generated/product/1/665_665_75/101440.jpg ) . 
  500ml cans that i saw were always apple flavour in lithuania at least . 
  while other ones came in apple , pear , blackberry , etc. 
  the more you know !, 
  how can i make sms ticker show whole recieved sms text line by line in the notifications bar even if i did n't unlock the phone ? 
  or is it gone too ? 
  it says '' 2 x usb 3.0 ir 4 x usb 2.0 in the back of the pc + 2 x usb 2.0 at front , 2 x sata2 + 4 x sata3 connections , ps/2 connection '', 
  czech song refrain had that aerosmith - crazy vibe to it . 
  oh look david guetta is on now with lovers on the sun, 
  that and david guetta 's lovers on the sun came to head immediately, 
  amen to that, 
  as a lithuanian , i do n't like this shit stirring . 
  especially when everything on the political relations side is as dry as a good barrel of gunpowder and waiting for the little spark . 
  and it is so in a lot of countries dealing with russia at the moment . 
  it is really really not a thing to do for such a small country and when we are barely standing mediocre in terms of wealth . 
  sanctions ? 
  but not engage in a hybrid war . 
  this one is not our call . 
  did you just stole the exact same comment from / u/canconfirmamviking ? . . 
  ~ ~ wait what ? 
  you think baby recieving oxycontin via blood ~ ~ scratch that i see that it 's oxy ** tocin ** lol . 
  0.50 $ in lithuania too !, 
  i bet it 's all staged just for the views . 
  what the fuck reddit this was on my fp smh, 
  civilizations that would be angry if we proposed this :, 
  * north korea, 
  alphago : this is n't even my final form, 
  shittiest stream website ever . 
  what the fuck is up with buffering every goddamn second . 
  a gif could 've loaded faster . 
  no luck yet . 
  thanks for the suggestions so far . 
  i made a recording of me trying to recreate the chorus . 
  it 's embarrassing and may be not exactly correct but please bear with me , lol . 
  it was montage of a lot of cartoons and and the only scene i remember is with the ed edd and eddy kanker sisters involved with the song somehow . 
  im from eu btw it might be different montage in different regions . 
  is there a similar situation with elections that could be considered problematic in today 's other modern western countries ? 
  or is it usa 's system unique and has problems just because of it ? 
  why the fuck is this post so popular ? 
  mortal kombat new to some ? 
  do you live in raccoon city ? 
  sooo 21 ? 
  so can i use vr to play 10 + movies simultaneously and watch then like i have 10 + monitors all around me ? 
  thats still not to bad tbh, 
  i wonder if doctors take bets for what will they find when they operate one . 
  why stop there then ? 
  if it 's human life we 're talking about why not pay 100k for ambulance services then another 900k and your newborn for doctors at the hospital since you will accept any terms for your life . 
  i know it 's not the same like fixing your car but please ... 
  what happened to kassemg ? 
  is this the part where we start to not get `` it '' as the simpsons predicted ? 
  i 'm sorry if this might be false but are n't aliens in aliens and alien in alien 3 much smaller than in this game ? 
  iirc they were the size of a large dog breed . 
  alien 1979 was human size and this one is closest to that one but bigger ( ? ), 
  the only option is to use a mod that only does exactly that - remove alien . 
  and you can hack n slash through with as much noise as you like . 
  not sure about scripted moments though and how that mod handles those . 
  thats too bad . 
  but just bc i was so convinced they varied in size . 
  since that somehow made sense to me when they were so easily killed with conventional weapons by the marines . 
  smaller = easy kill . 
  yeah , i did n't get the last segment . 
  can someone explain the joke of the survey and screeching ? 
  im really curious why would one want to take pictures of such events ? 
  if you are so afraid of them leaking ? 
  do you sit with your wife and look at the photos and go ` aw hell yeah remember that time ? ', 
  does this make you horny like putting porn before sex ( exept this would be a bit narcissistic , to look at yourself even when you 're both in them and be like daaamn we 're so hot ) . 
  i 'm not judging just really interested in the thought of that . 
  is it like those people who film a concert just to not watch that footage ever ? 
  why not kick those who are the last ones to show up at the very end , even if they are overbooked deliberately ? 
  i think it was the chechnyan leader kadyrov who said that . 
  wow , that was fast !, 
  thank you so much , 
  solved !, 
  do you encounter spiders in their webs up there ? 
  why did you need a second phone in the first place . 
  iphone 7 is still the shit , man, 
  cooper station ~, 
  was there a change in style or maybe an animation clean up in season 15 with treehous of horror xiv ? 
  i remeber it started to look so polished and different in looks than earlier . 
  i believe it was too soon for the hd thing to happen ( season 20 right ? ), 
  but was there something changed on the technical side in season 15 ? 
  it 's funny how taste can differ 180 \u00b0 from person to person . 
  what you described that sucks is what i loved about the show . 
  what you loved - i hated , lol . 
  i liked when they tested exotics and show cool features and facts when i had no idea to even how i would open the door and sit in one let alone hear it roar and drift . 
  even average consumer friendly car reviews were cool since it kinda set the goal of what i would want as a daily driver . 
  i once said the they should be more like those guys from 5th gear and be more analytical , lol . 
  remember , that was when youtube was not a thing and there were n't bunch of `` dry-facts '' car review channels that you can get by really easily about any existing car .
