operation enduring oil freedom . 
  so they also feed our military industrial complexes for us as well ? 
  man , they truly are the greatest allies . 
  at least we get something out of putting up with their human rights abuse . 
  ehh depends on the circumstances i guess , recently he made very big bets the aussie dollar would fall last year , that helped it tumble below parity with the usd and then a further drop . 
  that 's actually helped our reserve bank out and our export economy . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  also , russia is n't going to be a superior model when sanctions start to further make an impact on the russian economy . 
  especially when no one has faith in the ruble . 
  although he 's mostly bet the correct way . . 
  there is plenty of economic data that suggest germany is slowing , potentially even about to enter a recession . 
  on the one hand you have german leaders pushing ` structural reform ' and austerity , and the other , france and italy pushing for qe by the ecb . 
  interesting times . 
  is n't there some statistic that by a decade the us will be a net exporter of oil ? 
  i 'm pretty sure republicans would be frothing at the mouth now at obama 's '' the 1980s are calling , they want their foreign policy back ' . 
  no , no . 
  is obviously best list . 
  take that , snoreway . 
  except for murica , where the military power is the economic power . 
  muh reserve currency !, 
  amazing what happens when you have power over your own monetary policy ... 
  oops , i should probably brush up on my geography given i thought you guys had a border ... 
  what about people who need hormone therapy like trt ? 
  not polan ? 
  cider production boomed here due to lower taxes versus other types of grog . 
  no idea mate , think i changed it once and it got stuck ? 
  born/live in australia but family is originally hungarian and have relies back home . 
  tfw never relevant enough, 
  i just noticed that the uk is a stable developed economy with competitive industries and sound fiscal policy , and it does n't have an insane dictator as its leader , lucky i checked . 
  the states are way more integrated than eu member states and yep , they still have issues as well . 
  luckily their currency is the global reserve and the fed can effectively pump money and stimulate with impunity . 
   you ca n't have a strong stable currency and a currency that you adapt to the whims of economic cycles at the same time . 
  you can strike a balance - that 's the entire point of monetary policy , to adapt to economic cycles and ` flatten ' the effect of extreme cycles . . just another word for independent . 
  the boe can do as it pleases in the interest of the uk , it can set interest rates and it can undertake qe , adding or reducing as it sees fit . 
  it 's definitely a trade off , but so far a trade off that has paid off in favour of the uk , but as you say for the financial sector or the uk itself remains to be seen . 
  credit does n't trickle down as well because no one has the desire to borrow . 
  it 's a widespread structural problem in the eu , uk , japan and us . 
  hell even here apart from those who can afford to borrow more to buy more property , borrowing is subdued . 
  as for clout , the much smaller snb has n't had that much difficulty controlling the frank . 
  you can see the real importance is the direct control of issuing money . 
  then by keeping the pound , the uk keeps its exports and foreign direct investment relatively cheap and competitive . 
  oh , not to mention they have sovereign control of their currency/monetary policy through the bank of england instead of needing to rely on the ecb . 
  http://www.creditwritedowns.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/germanys-trade-surplus.png i found it , its pretty obvious the major variable is the euro . . given the parabolic jump , as opposed to the smoother increase in the last decade as east germany recovered . 
  i do n't have the picture :( but its posted quite often . 
  it basically leapt hugely after they got the euro . 
  a possible deflationary spiral is much more likely than hyper-inflation now . 
  obligatory german current account surplus graph after the introduction of the euro . 
  is europe gon na stop the boats ? 
  us only grew 0.1 % of gdp this last quarter , so if france is floundering , so is the us . 
  so , do n't marry a french girl i guess . 
  ukraine has a treaty that guarantees its sovereignty from nuclear powers . 
  although one of the signatories is russia , they can kinda ` get away ' with crimea . 
  but not eastern ukraine and certainly not kiev . 
  thats nothing against the 6th fleet . 
  oh europe , if only we were n't half a world away ... 
  eu just revoked visas and has invoked sanctions on select ukraine officials . 
  sounds like the opposite of democracy to me ... 
  haha , feeds it ? 
  jesus , people sure are jelly of switzerland and think it 'll blow over in a breeze . 
  hypothetically , lets say the eu ` punishes ' the swiss with complete guillotine clause . 
  visas for people , and no more free trade to eu countries . 
  sounds like it would definitely hurt switzerland , given eu counties account for almost 50 % of exports , while swiss accounts for 5 % to the eu . 
  however , how many of those other eu exports * travel * via swiss roads and tunnels through the alp , or transit of people through fast swiss trains to other eu countries . 
  what 's to stop the swiss from retaliating with high tariffs for transit goods through their territory . 
  now you could say , well they can just bypass switzerland . 
  but that 's gon na cost just as much money and potentially clog up already pretty heavy transit routes . 
  maybe it 's not too bad just go around switzerland , but that still costs time for transit goods . 
  it may take decades for the eu , with money they do n't have , to built dedicated roads to account for more goods . 
  the eu retaliating too hard is a lose-lose situation . 
  do people think they 'll really spite themselves to punish switzerland ? 
  in fact , the swiss wo n't hurt that much . 
  they have sovereign control of monetary policy , their currency , one of the most historically stable currencies in the world . 
  you could say one of the most resilient and diplomatically savvy countries , up until now . 
  and they can print and control the money supply of it as much as they want - the snb is * still * imposing an eu/chf artificial floor . 
  i think you 'll see a needed show of annoyance from the eu , such as the freeze on negations of erasmus/education programs - but you wo n't see a complete break down in trade deals . 
  after all this , all they 're talking about is a ceiling on immigration - what 's the bet it 'll just be a few thousand less than what they already take in anyway . 
  i reckon that 's how the swiss council will push it . 
  huh funny , i got downvoted by just asking if it was possible the uk vetoes the clause . 
  sure are some big union fanboys here . 
  there are two small but very strong economies that currently still use its flag m8 ... long live the empire !, 
  well so what if you want them in the eu , its quite obvious the majority do not want full eu integration . 
  i 'm pretty sure its only 25 % or so that actually want to join the eu itself . 
  what if the uk vetos the guillotine clause ? 
  ( can they ? ), 
  i wonder if novak and ana need one just for attending wimbledon ... 
  whats the not in fifa14 country ? 
  edit : thanks guys , i think i have a clearer picture . 
  merry australia day !, 
  poland :3, 
  australia has banned smoking in most buildings and has already introduced plain packaging . 
  wow , this all reads very australian . 
  what ? 
  but pop culture told me all nordic/scandi women are 10/10 models . 
  this is unimpossible . 
  g-day cunt !, 
  post drunk activities , redditing ... plus its raining and shit . 
  shut up , dad . 
   :( success breeds jealousy !, 
  yes . 
  strayan english is best fucking english .
