is n't identity politics grand ? 
  i just want it back . 
  watch out , / r/tinytits , we 're coming for you !, 
  are people actually learning anything ? 
  i hear it 's pretty much one big old party . 
  edit : thanks everyone shared their experiences . 
  like everyone else , tj was a product of his times , and to a much greater degree than most of his peers , he was troubled by the moral implications of slavery and his own role in it . 
  yet i 'm sure you 'd rush to excuse the slavery practices of `` indigenous '' nations because we must understand their times/culture was different , who are we to judge a proud culture , etc etc. 
  which is why i laugh whenever argentina complains about british `` imperialism '' over the falklands ... excuse me , las malvinas . 
  [ united states of eurasia ] ( http://www.musewiki.org/united_states_of_eurasia_\\ ( song \\ ) ), 
  come now , is that any way to talk about our dear friend and steadfast ally , the al-saud family ? 
  europe : millennium edition, 
   the us never officially annex any land well , at least not since 1898 . 
  and if you want to get real pedantic , northern mariana islands in 1978 . 
  other than that , how was the play , mrs. lincoln ? 
  the metric system is the tool of the devil !, 
  my car gets forty rods to the hogshead and that 's the way i likes it . 
  yes , and then there 's reflexive anti-western sentiment that stems largely from latent marxist tendencies . 
  who 's ` we ' here anyway ? 
  the eu is n't a unified country ( as i 'm sure you 're aware ) . 
  the need to consult and coordinate with 28 national politico-military structures does n't exactly lend confidence to the idea that the eu can wage an effective strategic campaign on its own . 
  anyway , it would be an error to think that military outcomes are determined primarily by economic and technological factors , especially when it comes to two opponents that are relatively evenly matched in those measures . 
  things like internal divisions , top-heavy command structures , petty fiefdoms , ideological divisions , and so on , can greatly impair the ability of that side to act cohesively in a quickly unfolding crisis . 
  not to mention the longstanding european deficiencies in logistics , force projection , and combined arms operations . 
  yes , these could be overcome in time , but developing these capabilities after a crisis has already begun is not viable . 
  the directors of the firm hired to continue the eu application after the other people had been sacked , wish it to be known that they have just been sacked . 
  the application has been completed in an entirely different style at great expense and at the last minute . 
  france and the uk are pretty much the only two exceptions to my statement . 
  most european militaries are basically a dressed up jobs program . 
  they 're barely capable of any real operations , especially outside of their borders . 
  and emperor xerxes is said to have flogged the sea with 300 lashes when it disobeyed him . 
  they really are the wurst . 
  i thought maybe sarkozy was one of those , but apparently he is of hungarian origin instead . 
  huh . 
  kind of like ukraine is new russia ? 
  thanks , or as we say in texas , gracias . 
  why is there english on the poster ? 
  just to be cool / funny ? 
  you can go full circle on anything . 
  the extreme left closely resembles the extreme right . 
  which is why i find it hilarious how russian infowar / propaganda keeps emphasizing the `` fascist neo-nazis '' in ukraine , when russia 's authoritarian tendencies are so famous and are starting to resemble straight up fascism themselves more than neo-stalinism , with their hyper-nationalism , jingoism , and close alliance of business and government . 
  russians are no more descendants of vikings than the english are descendants of normans . 
  it was a tiny ruling class that had negligible demographic impact . 
  just get an early start on selling pieces of the new wall . 
  poor russians , always the victim . 
  wo n't somebody please think of the russians ? 
  historically , all russian cities were named putingrad until capitalist western agents got in and changed the signs one day in effort to make trouble for glorious russian people . 
  vladimir putin is too humble a man to change them back now . 
  it feels like my flag is nothing at all ... nothing at all ... nothing at all ... ( apologies for my actual flag ), 
  immigrants, 
  excellent analysis . 
  i would just add that submarine launched ballistic missiles ( slbms ) were the real game changer in ensuring second-strike capability , because these were so very difficult to counter and had a dual use : second-strike deterrence as well as the short flight times necessary for a decapitating first strike . 
  and when you add in the destabilizing possibility of `` star wars '' anti-ballistic missile ( abm ) defense systems , which potentially offered some degree of protection from retaliation , thus affording greater freedom of action , that 's when the soviets really started to realize they could no longer afford the arms race , not to mention the peace race for consumer goods . 
  i do n't mean to be alarmist but even a `` limited '' invasion of ukraine could get very ugly very quickly . 
  there 's a significant chance of escalation with nato members . 
  for instance , russian planes could chase ukrainian planes into nato airspace ( accidentally or not ) and get shot down . 
  poland could move to protect civilians or refugees in western ukraine . 
  what putin might be aiming for is a lighting blitz that decapitates the ukrainian political-military leadership within a matter of 24 hours or less . 
  there are strong indications that ukraine standing alone would fold like a cheap suit in the face of russia 's best troops . 
  putin 's best case : the invasion is relatively bloodless and the west is left with a fait accompli . 
  there will be a period of denunciations , harsher sactions and angry words , but the west probably wo n't step in to save ukraine . 
  nato 's eastern flanks will be beefed up and there will be a period of tension and increased defense budgets . 
  sweden and finland could join nato . 
  russia will cool things off for a while and not go after the baltics . 
  the worst case , of course , is a series of escalations which ends in a major nato-russia conventional war , conflict breaks out in asia , and if the russian regime feels truly threatened , things could escalate into a major nuclear exchange in a matter of days or weeks . 
  sleep tight . 
  they could meet in yalta . 
  after all , the russians are known for making iron-clad promises there . 
  probably meant pakistan , which felt endangered by the soviet invasion . 
  the real advantage of the allies was in logistics and economics in general . 
  they could afford to rely more heavily on artillery and air power than raw manpower or individual fighting skill . 
  `` mute point '' is meaningless , a misunderstanding of a homonym ( edit : homophone , technically ) . 
  however you will see it ( mis ) used often enough , and people will understand what is meant , and there will be a predictable response from the grammar nazis . 
  do n't get me started on `` for all intensive purposes '' . 
  so the moment the argentines had control of `` las malvinas '' and declared it independent and/or `` rejoining the argentine motherland '' , the uk military should have withdrawn from that moment to avoid provocation ? 
  ukraine is just supposed to go `` thank you sir , have a nice day ? '', 
  coincident interests , the enemy of my enemy , etc, 
  the most peaceful army in the world ? 
  is that anything like the world 's tallest midget ? 
  our boys will be home by christmas, 
  this is a cute quote but not particularly grounded in reality . 
  georgia is small , ex-ussr , marginally european at best , and overall a bit different in significance than scandinavia . 
  while that is correct , i think it 's safe to say they are pseudo-members , or at least stand in the protective shadow of nato . 
  i really do n't think nato would stand idly by for a russian incursion into sweden or finland . 
  all of the benefits , none of the costs . 
  ca n't say i blame them . 
  because let 's face it , membership or not , nato is not going to let russia waltz into sweden ( or finland ) and do nothing in response . 
  `` if we do not all hang together , we shall surely all hang separately . '', 
  - michael scott, 
  i think he 's just triggering keywords for the all seeing eye . 
  why would you cross-apply it ? 
  my religion is the one true religion , all the others are false cults . 
  i for one ca n't wait until all risks to society are eliminated by keeping all humans in hermetically sealed glass jars . 
  now where is my nutrition pellet ? 
  upvote for pedanticly correct , the best kind of correct . 
  i can think someone is a political hack with an agenda i oppose without thinking that it 's acceptable to throw food or racist taunts at them . 
  you 're basically placing ms. kyenge above criticism which is demeaning in its own way . 
  since when do viking warriors wait for green lights ? 
  well , yeah . 
  drugs are working capital and weapons are the tools of the trade .
