  soviet and later russian propaganda also played a large part in this . 
  when now sources like rt are banned on / r/europe outright , effectively saying `` we do n't believe anything you say '' , it is also a measure of how bad the russian propaganda is , not only its western counterpart . 
  just look at the piece of news that hit this subreddit several days ago , about the `` putin enemy '' journalist who committed suicide in kiev . 
  he left russia long time ago , went to ukraine and started criticizing ukrainian government the same way he was criticizing the russian government before ; but most people simply assumed that it was the hand of kremlin who killed him , even though he wrote about suicide before . 
  critical thinking is just non-existent when we talk about stereotype conditioning . 
  i hear a lot about how all russians are brainwashed . 
  i wo n't even contest this point . 
  but do n't you see that all people are brainwashed by the media ? 
  it 's not the case of good guys and bad guys , it 's not a hollywood movie - every single source of major news outlets has its own agenda . 
  the only winning move is not to play , i.e. 
  stop consuming the mass media . 
  no , you did n't offend anyone . 
  this simplistic explanation is plain stupid in application to any world leader . 
  do you really think that a high-ranking official with a complete control over his own security service would not find another way to satiate any of his tastes ? 
  without publicly visiting some school in the uk ? 
  do you really think that ? 
  whatever are his tastes in bed have nothing to do with his public visits . 
  he can get anything he wants for him personally , without any publicity . 
  case in point . 
  russia is not a superpower . 
  we already have some more attainable goals . 
  if anything , russia would be more interested in keeping the political status quo in moldova than initiating any changes . 
  of course , that must be it . 
  no other explanation , really , only that . 
  he was just activating a sleeper cell , duh . 
   but on the other hand it is remarkable that blaming poles for killing jews intensifies . 
  most productions ( including famous ones ) is strongly propaganda against poles . 
  this was such case . 
  welcome to the club . 
  many people nowadays sincerely believe that ussr started wwii and stalin killed more people than hitler . 
  that 's a result of several decades of propaganda . 
  i 'm fairly sure that by 2040 people will believe that poles were initiating the jew purges , and germans were just allowing them to . 
  unless something drastically changes in the media , that is . 
  you 're talking to a german person there . 
  of course he has a right to judge how untermensch behave . 
  oh , so i guess what / u/ro4ers said was not  start treating other countries as equals . 
  but  start treating other european countries as equals . 
  fuck the rest !, 
  we should treat everyone as equal , but some should be more equal than the others . 
  ukraine would have been fairly stable today if there was no coup in kiev that was followed by bloodshed in kiev and odessa . 
  and all they had to do was to wait for 4 months till the early elections took place . 
  then russia would not have any casus to take over crimea - we 've already seen that during orange revolution 10 years ago , when the actually peaceful protests ( not violent takeover of government buildings by neonazi and other ultra-nationalists ) led to re-election , and russia calmly accepted that , only waging economic war . 
  funny that a person from ukraine denounce russian propaganda without saying a word about ukrainian propaganda . 
  our propaganda is shit , with people like kiselev as the main shithead , but we do n't even hold a candle to yours . 
  how many times per month does ukrainian media warn of imminent full-scale invasion of russian forces that can take over kiev any day if the glorious eu/usa do n't send help immediately ? 
  i mean , come on , rt is at the very least on the same level ( if not at a higher level ) of quality as ukrainian media claiming that [ moscow citizens start to cook hedgehogs because of widespread hunger ] ( http://uapress.info/uk/news/show/48857/ ) or uk media claiming that [ russian football fans were secretly trained by kremlin as a part of hybrid warfare ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/football/2016/jun/18/whitehall-suspects-kremlin-links-to-russian-euro-2016-hooligans-vladimir-putin ) . 
   you `` prove '' you have n't violated the regulations by taking part in the tests and getting negative results . 
  if those tests turn out to have been tampered with by your government , you no longer have any evidence . 
  then take the tests again , in an independent lab . 
  is it not a logical step ? 
  how is a blanket ban warranted just because the system is flawed ? 
  is the competition not about individuals proving their fitness ? 
  in 2014 russia was not even in the top 10 of the nations with banned athletes . 
  then suddenly , after the political climate changed , it all moved to `` omg russia is the worst , ban them all ! '' . 
  and the most widespread reason for the failed tests right now is the usage of meldonium , which has been in use by eastern european athletes for over 30 years , yet was banned with astonishing swiftness in the beginning of 2016 ( placed on watchlist in september 2015 ) - the strangest of coincidences . 
  every olympian is doped by everything that 's not quite crossing the line , and some take a step forward . 
  even enlightened western countries do the same shit , they just cover it better by using private companies , like in that usa doping scandal in 2008 . 
  yet i 've never seen blanket bans , just bans of the users , which is actually completely accepted . 
  of course . 
  it 's the most cost-efficient place . 
  there are many alternatives , but they are either more expensive or worse in quality . 
  turkey is a sweet spot for that . 
  believe me , our girls were really pissed off when access to the turkish shores were earlier this year . 
  no better place to tan those russian bodies than turkey . 
  after this pitch i can only add : join the russo-turkish side , we have cookies !, 
  that 's not a `` positive evidence you have n't been doping '' . 
  how can you ** prove ** that you have n't violated the olympic anti-doping regulations ? 
  so , let 's say you really followed them all . 
  then a guy comes who says `` give me positive evidence that you did '' . 
  how do you do that ? 
  ah , sorry , did n't get the irony . 
  cheers . 
  imagine your whole team was banned in 2003 for [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balco_scandal ) . 
  not only the ones who were proved taking drugs , but all the team . 
  would n't you be the first one to call it unethical , unlawful and undemocratic ? 
  license is something that allows you to do something . 
  dope control is something that forbids you to do something . 
  they are inherently different . 
  you can prove that you have something ( license , in this case ) . 
  you can not prove that you do n't have something , unless that something is automatically monitored 100 % of the time ( like , say , money in a bank ) . 
  try prove that you , say , never hit a dog . 
  can you do that ? 
  of course not . 
  the burden of proof is on me , if i claim you did . 
   i think you need positive evidence you have n't been doping , rather than a lack of evidence that you have . 
  how can you provide evidence you have n't been doping ? 
  just for a second imagine that you , personally , are tasked with providing positive evidence that you have n't taken drugs . 
  how can you do that ? 
  provide video surveillance of every minute of your time in the last year to prove you did n't have time ? 
  wo n't work , the drug could be slipped with your food/water . 
  take independent tests 3 times a day for a year ? 
  way too costly . 
  so how are you planning to do that ? 
  if you want to open that can of worms , it opens up any athlete ever to be banned completely , regardless of guilt . 
  i overall agree with the political assessment ( though of course it 's not as simple ) , but not really on religious . 
  i 'm not sure why do you think having good relations with mostly christian states is a detriment for the leader of muslim world . 
  on the opposite , who else would contact with christians if not the leader of muslims ? 
  christianity , judaism and islam all have very close religious roots . 
  iirc , muslims can not even announce jihad towards christians and judaists unless it 's the war for territory - they ca n't even call them infidels ( by the book ) . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , jesus is seen in islam as a prophet ( of lesser status than mohammed ) , not as false god .
