  i really hope you do n't mean holodomor . 
   because those dirty albanians fuckers deserved it , amirite comrade ? 
  nope they did n't deserve it . 
  they never deserved neither the genocide , nor the war , nor the bombs of freedom . 
  by the way , do you consider forming kosovo a success ? 
  do you agree that the albanians deserved their right to self-determination ? 
  and i 'm clearly not your comrade , i hope you 're not really invoking communism card in xxi century . 
   i 'm really struggling to fathom what russia 's issue with the nazis was other than the invasion of russia . 
  that little thing where nazi ideology considered slavs ( the majority of ussr population ) subhumans to be exterminated ? 
  you do know that nazi treated slavs the same as jews , right ? 
  and please , provide source for your claim of ` ethnic cleansing justified ' . 
  there were deportations of communities that collaborated with nazis ( including some nationalistic or ethnic-based communities ) in stalin era , plus jews deportations , and there were no such things after stalin 's death . 
  and deportations are not cleansing , however much you might want that to be true . 
  on the other hand , usa never acknowledged armenian genocide , unlike ussr ( or russia later on ) . 
  should we really talk about ethnic cleansing ? 
  you know , if a guy says that he punched the other one because he insulted his mom , it has some merit , but there 's still a lot wrong with it . 
  ` to have some merit ' does n't equal ` nothing wrong ' . 
  well , i can also say `` the only problem usa had with the nazis is that they feared ussr would occupy the whole europe and wanted kraut scientists for themselves '' , is n't that why d-day only happened 1 year before defeat of the germany , when the red army was already on the offensive ? 
  because i can ignore the non-combat aid usa gave to ussr and all the military operations in africa and italy as easily as you discount all the times ussr asked for anti-nazi alliance before 1939 soviet and the anti-nazi war in spain . 
  get it out of your head , that was n't the only problem russia had with the nazi . 
  why does drug trafficking not have consent ? 
  the buyer consents to buy , the seller consents to sell . 
  in case of prostitution you can have a point if you mean to say that the prostitutes are all forced to work that way ( which is not as black-and-white , most still choose to work that line , but let 's forget it for the sake of the argument ) , but in drug trafficking ? 
  gdp is a measure of economy in the sense of `` people have things to sell and money to buy them '' - so why would n't those transactions be included ? 
  i guess those ` zerg rushers ' could completely wipe out japanese land forces in 9 days only because they had more zerg than the chinese . 
  yea , plausible . 
  and they could defeat germans in kursk and stalingrad by collective piling up over their tiger tanks till they crumpled under the weight . 
  and they managed to overtake german industry during the war while 50 years ago being an agricultural state simply because they threw more men at it . 
  stop reiterating this myth . 
  it was not sheer manpower , and enemy at the gates is not a historical movie that should be taken as gospel . 
  soviet engineering and tactics were at the very least on par with german after 1943 . 
  yea , because stalin was physically rooted in moscow and would be killed if moscow was taken . 
  he would 've moved to novosibirsk and ramped up the military industry further . 
  can confirm : we love frictions . 
  in eu . 
  heh , with that in mind : a lot of people in europe are trying to convince russians that everything that they believe is true in russia is really just putin propaganda . 
  it 's not endless , simply unending . 
  pushed down ? 
  do you know of that region 's history , like at all ? 
  after the first war chechnya was de facto independent . 
  in response they started building islamic caliphate ( kinda like a smaller isis ) and began exporting terrorism . 
  second war started because they invaded neighboring dagestan republic ( also part of russia ) . 
  and after the second war ended , chechnya was showered with money , everything that was destroyed was rebuilt ( using federal money ) and even improved . 
  there are literally no reasons for chechen population to want independence , as they actually tasted that , and it felt sour . 
  he does n't ask you the translation of the words . 
  he asks what those words mean to you , what are their inherent sense for you , not the dictionary explanation . 
  as in , what is ` freedom ' for you ? 
  what is ` equality ' ? 
  what is ` fraternity ' ? 
  is it all evident in your life ? 
  how prevalent that is ? 
  you can dream . 
  as long as you still suffer !, 
  so being able to appeal and get your children back from government is better than not having them taken in the first place ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  just because one politician says some populist bullshit , it does n't mean anyone will react . 
  even if it gets a resonance with the public , his concerts might be toned down - or cancelled . 
  certainly not arrested . 
  can you give me examples of other words that are also translated based on phonology , like this one ? 
  are all the words starting with ' \u0413 ' translated into english with starting ` h ' ? 
  are there no opposite examples ? 
  if that 's the case , then i will concede that i 'm wrong . 
  by saying `` it was n't our victory '' you actually invalidate all the sacrifices polish people made while battling with germans , including those who did it while being occupied or dying in deathcamps . 
  there were a lot , and a simple fact that russia celebrates it as well does n't make polish deaths unimportant or the victory less sweet . 
  you can hate russia however you like , but denying ** your own countrymen ** ancestry and not even acknowledging their part in the victory against nazism is some different level of hate . 
  even usa celebrates this victory , although on a different day . 
  poland would be wise to follow their steps , maybe calling it differently and visually separating from russian holiday if you hate it so much - but not celebrating at all is just a spit on the memory of your people . 
  they use it in spoken language , not when written . 
  as it stands , ` holodomor ' means `` killing with cold '' ( which makes no sense ) , while ` golodomor ' means `` killing with hunger '' ( which makes perfect sense ) . 
  but ukraine officials specifically use incorrect form ` holodomor ' in english so that it sounds more akin to holocaust . 
   how much more civilized the nazis seem to have been towards pows yea , [ much more civilized ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nazi_crimes_against_soviet_pows ) . 
   seriously , if russians in that area are so fond of russia , why the f * ck do n't they just move there ? 
  russia has declared itself the successor state of soviet union , so that 's exactly the place they belong in and it 's also the largest country on earth , so no room problems . 
  if you want a serious answer - because they built the place they live in and they call it home . 
  there 's a huge difference between living in your own home where your parents and grandparents were born and being a fugitive , starting the life from scratch . 
  russia is still different culturally to moldova ( or any other state , from baltics to abkhazia ) so that the population would have to adapt . 
  the same reason why all the people from eastern europe do n't just immigrate to uk/germany/france if they want to live in a prosperous country ( or join eu ) , the same reason jews do n't just move to israel when they face antisemitism - they want their home to become different , not to move out . 
   all those pro-russian people have a possibility to go their own country , and they should n't have the option to ruin other nations ' countries . 
  russia is not their own country . 
  they want to live where they live under different management/government with closer ties to russia , but it 's not their country . 
  being a successor state of a soviet union does n't make russia a soviet union 2.0 ( read up on successor states , it 's mostly for the external debt inheritance ) , as much as modern turkey is not an ottoman empire 2.0 or modern germany not nazi germany 2.0 . 
  recent asian immigrants ' rights are defended throughout europe even though they 've just moved in and never even built the place they live in ; why would the rights of these `` pro-russians '' not be upheld ? 
  all the people who really belonged to russia left a long time ago , fleeing right after the moldovan war ended ( or subsided ) . 
  those who stay do n't want to abandon their homes , they just want to be a part of a different country . 
  no they did n't . 
  we 've seen our share of ruthless dictators , but not outright thugs like kadyrov . 
  and all of that does n't matter to you , your chosen name and your post history are pretty clear that you prefer simplistic `` russia bad '' approach to any conversation . 
  you got that backwards , but that 's ( sadly ) expected . 
  the day putin goes , kadyrov will disappear . 
  yet i suspect that you might be trolling or something . 
  because no , kadyrov ca n't rule russia , he does n't have the team akin to the one that all previous rulers had - he 's a thug , and he has a small private army , but that 's not enough to rule the country . 
  when talking about climate influence on economy , home heating is one of the least important problems , really . 
  it 's much more prevalent for maintenance and cost of logistics , and severely important for agriculture . 
  for instance , a bridge that can stand for centuries in warm climate of , say , southern italy , wo n't last three decades in northern norway , as the materials become brittle at low temperatures . 
  also sharp change of temperature during the year ( going from +30 c in summer to -40 c in winter ) is not doing any favors . 
  so while that parshev guy is a looney , and climate ca n't be the main reason for the difference , it 's a far more problematic thing than simply heating your home . 
  we 're awaiting a sternly worded letter from the eu anytime soon . 
  it 's not considered a growth , especially not for consumers . 
  but agriculture grows , and it 's not an opinion , it 's a fact . 
  not much else grows currently , but agriculture does - sadly , it takes pretty small percentage of the gdp .
