  you 're one bitter mofo . 
  chill , man . 
  things might be shitty , but they are not shitty across the board . 
  at best they have capex in usd or eur . 
  of course it 's important , and thanks for the reminder , but they hire russians to work the fields/cattle , they rent russian warehouses to store the food , they hire russian logistic companies to move the food , they rent russian market space to sell it , and sell to russians - all in rub . 
  but technically , you are correct , they do have some costs in foreign currencies . 
  and overall this `` income dropped 60 % '' is bullshit if we talk about food . 
  that claim means that current income is only 40 % of the previous , e.g. 
  it fell by 2.5 times . 
  noone pays 2.5 times for food . 
  yes , rub prices went up , but at most by 30 % , not 250 % . 
   thanks for high quality propaganda , tovarish !, 
  oh , so your muddling the waters with `` income fell 60 % '' is not one , then ? 
  the rest of the bills are pretty timid in comparison to european and especially american . 
  my 3-room flat in moscow costs me ~ $ 80/month ( i own it , if i 'd rented the same apartment , the cost would 've been much higher at ~ $ 500/month ) . 
  the healthcare is mostly free , unless you need some exotic pills or serious surgery abroad . 
  public transportation costs ~ $ 240/year and is of pretty high quality . 
  50 % of the total retail is food , tobacco and alcohol - meaning it 's actually `` half the money spent is spent of food '' . 
  so after you remove the savings ( ~ 23 % of income ) , half of the rest ( ~ 38 % of total ) is spent on food , tobacco and alcohol . 
  for the whole country on average . 
  we 've undergone a referendum , and borscht now identifies as russian . 
  we 're talking about russian food producers , who do n't have costs in usd , and the food sold on internal market , which is bought with rub , not usd . 
  so the fact that income/salaries denominated in usd have dropped sharply is almost completely irrelevant to this situation . 
   hillary , kasich , and i think cruz still want one for whatever insane reason . 
  why insane ? 
  they 've calculated that ` wanting a no-fly zone ' resonates with x % of the electorate , so they will win y % share of the voters , and will improve their position by z % in comparison to opponents a and b. 
  do you really think they care about things they speak aloud during the campaign ? 
  it 's just numbers that have absolutely no relation to actual things they will do once elected . 
  if all the candidates were speaking their mind like trump does , they all would 've been hated equally . 
  and ? 
  the point of the legal system is to hear complaints of anyone and come to a lawful conclusion of whether the wrong was actually done or not . 
  theoretically you can sue anyone for anything , and demand hearings every day , and there 's nothing wrong with it apart from taxing out the legal system - before you 're fined for ` ddosing ' the courts . 
   stalin 's era was the time of the biggest achievements is the ussr history . 
  i disagree with it wholeheartedly . 
  yes , under stalin the country went from agricultural power to industrial , but most other achievements that the ussr is remembered for were made after stalin - all space achievements , peaceful nuclear power , free universal education ( education of 8 + grades in schools was paid under stalin , and payment was only abolished after his death - in 1954 ) , increased life expectancy ( ussr reached average le of 70 years , same as in europe of that time , in the 1960s ) . 
   that said , of you do not think russian oligarchs and officials use tax havens you 're sorely mistaken . 
  of course they do . 
  and they steal far more that 's already consumed on top of that . 
  bastards . 
   i fail to see how corporations benefited by the syrian or libyan wars . 
  they are hardly large enough to justify the argument the defense industry forced them on the government . 
  and if that argument is made , the same one can be made for russia about the conflict . 
  russia 's participation in the syrian conflict boosted requests for sales of military hardware by 2.5 times . 
  several new plants were built to cover those requests . 
  do you really have any doubts that military industry in the other countries did n't have any positive effect from wars ? 
   as for punishing financial institutions , the us has fined them almost $ 200 billion in the past couple years . 
  it is not perfect , but it is far worse of a punishment then they got elsewhere . 
  oh great , let 's make them pay a fraction of annual revenue and be done with it . 
  those were the people responsible for laundering drug & blood money , if that does n't warrant jail time , i do n't know what is . 
  i can actually agree that the institutions are ` too big to fail ' , but the executives are not . 
  imagine yourself as a ceo of one of the banks . 
  so , ok , you get a slap on the wrist , you 're threatened a bit , but then another cartel lord comes to you , you tell him `` you know what , i wo n't work with you , it 's too expensive ... or you pay me extra '' . 
  and you know that you can get away with it , just because you 're too big to fail ? 
  no , it 's because you run the country , not the other way around . 
   when governments from western countries are steeling money from what was left after the road works , education programs realization and so on , putin 's team firs steal 90 % and what is left is spend on social programs . 
  some solid facts here . 
  just not 90 % , 99.999 % !, 
  exaggerate more . 
  i see that my daily living improves every year , including social side . 
  i see how bureaucracy for the sake of bureaucracy is replaced with more advanced systems , i see a lot of quality of life improvements around me - granted , it 's more to do with the moscow government than with russian government , but still , i ca n't say that i do n't see anything done . 
  would i like if they stole less ? 
  of course !, 
  would i prefer for them to not be corrupt ? 
  without doubt !, 
  but current government at least does something tangible , unlike the ones before it . 
  $ 2b linked to the president is pretty bad , but overall , for the government that works over 15 years it 's a drop in the bucket . 
  i would far prefer for that money to be returned and the people who stole them jailed ( after their terms are up ) , even though i doubt that would happen - but claiming that it 's the reason we do n't have enough social programs is bullshit . 
  $ 2b is less than 1 % of annual budget - and that 's the amount accumulated over 15 years . 
  again , corruption is a travesty , and those guilty must be punished . 
  but corruption alone is not the reason we lack social programs . 
  check china , world 2nd largest economy , with even more widespread corruption . 
  stalin era was shitty , no doubt about it . 
  but ussr is not only about stalin - inconceivable , huh ? 
  stalin ruled for 30 years of the 70 year state , and he 's dead for over 60 years . 
  because , i consider the usa to be the closest western state to us by mentality . 
  they are militaristic , like to meddle in the affairs of other states , self-image as tough guys is very important to them and they neglect the more important ( in my opinion ) social issues in favor of geopolitics - exactly like russia . 
  no other reason . 
  that is to say , i do n't think there 's a lot in common in personal viewpoints - an average american thinks quite different from an average russian . 
  but at the state level the similarities are more profound . 
  we 're much closer to the usa than to australia , germany , france or norway , for instance . 
  that 's precisely what i ask : if the whole beef was about ua-eu association agreement , then why now we see that the eu does n't want it ? 
  netherlands referendum showed that no , ukraine is not needed . 
  much ado about nothing ? 
  i could understand if ukraine was a major trading interest , and russia interfered with it . 
  but that was not the case . 
  as i see , this was a show of power ( `` hey , we might not have the aircraft carriers of our american friends , but we have the whole financial system that 's far more devastating , so there ! '' ), 
  first , and ` righteous retribution ' second . 
  the eu forces russia to reconsider invasion to another sovereign nation while doing carpet bombing of different sovereign nations for decades . 
  brown lives do n't matter , eh ? 
  at least we do n't pretend to have a higher moral ground . 
  corruption is a tricky question . 
  we also have government officials jailed for outward bribery , though not as often as i 'd love to see . 
  yet ... can you imagine a poor guy without ties to one of the great families controlling usa winning the presidential elections ? 
  can a member of a different party than the demos/reps win ? 
  the general public does n't even get a vote for the president chair . 
  why do you not consider huge anonymous contributions to the electoral campaign a corruption ? 
  american government structure is really corrupt , and is a bad example . 
  i find european and australian/canadian elections to be far , far more democratic than the farce you have in the states . 
  not at russian level , of course , but still . 
  all of the candidates running for potus position are corrupt .
