  nato is the only reason our military is even big enough to be a potential threat . 
   uncle sam wo n't bomb me for us it does n't work . 
  even if the glorious us wo n't bomb russia directly , there 's no guarantee that they wo n't do it to , say , kazakhstan , which is our close ally . 
  you feel threatened by russia , we feel threatened by nato . 
  russia ( after ussr collapse ) shed much , much less blood than nato members , even including both chechen wars ; but you do n't care about it because you 're in the member state . 
  anyway , this only leads to the escalation of tensions , nothing else , and noone will win . 
  having laws about `` how to kill people '' is much better than doing it indiscriminately . 
  it 's not like we can stop killing each other , right ? 
  russia does n't care about showing cluster bombs , because neither russia nor syria ever ratified the international convention on cluster munition . 
  they are not in the list of the 118 countries that joined that convention , along with other world top weapon manufacturers ( usa and china ) , who also never signed it . 
  while rt itself might want to edit out cluster bombs simply because their intended audience considers cluster bombs illegal , it 's not an official russian stance . 
   when he invaded crimea he invaded europe and europeans pride themselves by being ruled by law not brute force . 
  no european can pretend this is true while russia is in crimea . 
  plenty of europeans do . 
  but i guess it 's a favorite `` no true scotsman '' fallacy . 
  i also wonder why do you equate ukrainians with europeans . 
  ukraine was never governed by law . 
  its current government is a result of a coup - a textbook definition of an illegitimate takeover - which is not even supported by half the population . 
  it is currently even more corrupted than under yanukovich . 
  their expat minister of economics abandoned the post and fled the country because of too many bribes offered and not enough work done , ffs . 
  and you babble here something about rule of law . 
  i do n't even see why do you consider ukraine a kin european country so much . 
  they proclaim a guy who burnt and pillaged polish villages and was an utter xenophobe ( bandera ) is a national hero , and name streets and elect statues in his honor . 
  they are ruled by robber barons , and their favorite past-time is forcefully changing the government every 5 years or so . 
  does this sound european for you ? 
  i also find it really ironic , how europeans pride themselves by being ruled by law not brute force , while projecting said brute force half a world away . 
  invasions are only bad when they are done by russia , but they are completely ok when they are done by france , poland and the uk . 
  maybe russia was just too squeamish in not spilling blood ? 
  i guess if there was enough blood spilled , then the wise and benevolent eu would actually repeat the kosovo resolution - they 've done it once already . 
   you are trying to make russia important and irrelevant are you babbling ? 
  yes , you 're babbling . 
  i 'm not trying to make anything , russia is already relevant and important to hold a permanent seat in the security council and being a major trading partner with many countries . 
  it 's of course , my country is not as important as some other countries , like usa or china or germany . 
  but it 's more important than some different countries , like , say , latvia or ukraine . 
  it 's just the way it is , it does n't make even those countries unimportant or irrelevant . 
   i do n't see any chance of russia staying in crimea . 
  ^ yes , ^ because ^ it 's ^ the ^ opposite ^ - ^ crimea ^ is ^ in ^ russia , ^ not ^ the ^ other ^ way ^ around . 
  ^ / s and you base it on ... what , exactly ? 
  stern words from the eu ? 
  wishful thinking ? 
  sense of higher justice ? 
  real question : who 's doing anything for crimea to return back to ukraine ? 
  the eu ca n't even stop the uprising in donbass , and you want them to somehow influence the fate of 2 million people ? 
  ukraine especially does everything to alienate the crimeans even more instead of appeasing them - from turning off their water and electricity supply to branding them traitors . 
  do you think after all of that the crimeans would be happy to return ? 
  just wishing something real hard wo n't make something true . 
  currently there are absolutely no signs of crimea moving away from russia , not with capital projects underway there . 
  even the opposition to putin - and i do n't mean those clowns living outside of russia without any real program , like kasparov , i mean people with a real agenda , like navalny - welcomed crimean takeover , you know . 
  so , who 's doing anything to return crimea ? 
  what 's being actually done , not proclaimed ? 
  sanctions on crimean citizens ? 
  in my opinion , the only chance for crimea to return to ukraine is if somehow a spineless leader ( akin to yeltsin ) that is completely under the influence of foreign countries becomes its leader again and releases crimea - and then ukraine will have to invade it again . 
  another option is if russia disintegrates akin to the soviet union . 
  both of those options are possible , but not really probable . 
   meanwhile europe and the west just grow stronger and benifit from the situation because now every country in between desperately wants to move west . 
  good for them . 
  no , really , without any irony . 
  i really admire europe , i just find this `` holier-than-thou '' talk hilarious . 
  for the past 25 years there 's more blood on europe proverbial hands than on russia , even including two chechen wars . 
   as for nato putin is its best recruiter and you wil see far more of it . 
  that 's probably true . 
  i think if the usa was n't as militaristic , nato would 've already dissolved decades ago , but right now , yea , it 's correct . 
  the opposite is correct , too . 
  if nato would n't exist , our rabid nationalists would n't have a real target for funneling their rage . 
  repeating something ad nauseum will not make it true . 
   russia has no voice in crimea it has . 
  you can argue that it has no legal right to ( which i can argue against , but at least it has some merit ) , but actually it has voice and it has complete power over crimea . 
  saying that it does n't is pure denial . 
  it 's russia that pays local population pensions and funds its budget , it 's russia that builds infrastructure there - not ukraine . 
  so however legal or illegal it is , it 's a reality . 
  crimea in its current state belongs to russia , however much you might say that `` it will remain part of ukraine '' . 
  i think it 's only a matter of time and political bargain before it 's acknowledged as such by europe , simply because russia is a far more important trading partner to the eu than ukraine is and will be in the foreseeable future . 
  it might take a decade , but it 's a more realistic scenario than disintegration of russia , and it 's the only way crimea would go back to ukraine in the next 20 years . 
  if you really feel that the question is important to you , i urge you to actually go to crimea and ask around , how people feel about the change and what 's really going on , who 's in charge , and how welcome would the potential return to ukraine be . 
  unless you want to say that their opinion is unimportant , which would be highly undemocratic . 
   if anyone wishes to live under russian rule they are welcome to move to russia actually , crimeans preferred to have their self-governance , not moving anywhere . 
  they preferred to have their voices heard . 
  it was possible in the ussr ( where crimea had its partial self-governance ) , yet it became impossible in ukraine . 
  as a part of russia , they can get it again , because russia is a federation , with many self-governed federal entities , and not a unitary state , like ukraine . 
  it 's impossible for crimea to survive on its own , but russia is preferable to them than ukraine . 
  does that make it clear ? 
  they keep their homes , their lives , but get their voices heard and needs met as a part of russia , unlike as a part of ukraine . 
  that 's all this is about . 
  if ukraine had given them what they wanted , if it did n't neglect its needs ( being busy squandering the budget ) , the situation would 've been far less clear-cut for the crimean population . 
  yet ukraine opted to strip them of their own parliament , appointed the non-local governors and never did anything to help with infrastructure . 
  you ca n't simply move 2 million people . 
  some individuals can move , but not the whole peninsula . 
  there 's also a difference in choosing the country you swear allegiance to and abandoning your home - too bad you do n't want to even consider that as an option . 
  `` if anyone wishes to live under russian rule they are welcome to move to russia '' - it 's a simple `` my way or highway '' , in application to millions of people . 
   for crimea to become part of russia there would have to be a free and open referendum held across ukraine by the ukrainian government . 
  ukraine made it pretty clear that they will never give crimea any self-governance , they will strip all the rights of those people for self-identify and never allow them to do anything without explicit kiev approcal . 
  in return , they simply forget about them . 
  russia did more for improving the crimean infrastructure in the lousy 2 years than ukraine did over 20 - that should already speak volumes , as building infrastructure was never russian forte . 
   as of when putin ordered the `` little green men '' to invade ukraine he permanently blocked any chance of crimea joining russia what this is i do n't even ... crimea has already joined russia , it is a russian district for all intents and purposes apart from europe and ukraine throwing a tantrum about it . 
  it 's not funded from ukraine , it 's not supplied from ukraine , it does n't pay taxes to ukraine and it does n't swear allegiance to ukraine . 
  and on top of all that , apart from a reactionary minority with radical views , the population is happy with the outcome . 
  how in hell was it `` permanently blocking any chance to join '' ? 
  can you maybe clarify what you actually meant ? 
  because that phrase made no sense . 
  they are russians - ethnically , an they voted to secede from ukraine several times , and ukraine always crushed it , and took away any kind of self-governance they had .
