  but even that does n't really matter - your government structure is way , way less potent than in russia . 
  your country is not ruled by politicians - politicians are simply hired managers , akin to ceo of a company who answers to the shareholders - yet the shareholders are not the citizens , but corporations and wealthy families . 
  remember how obama promised change and hope ? 
  do you really think that if he was free to act , he would involve the us in lybian & syrian wars ? 
  so , corrupt politician being punished in the usa is really not a big deal . 
  and the fact that hsbc only got a mediocre fine for blood money laundering , and noone even got jailed is telling far , far more about american corruption . 
  we tolerate putin 's corruption the same way you tolerate huge banks and companies corruption . 
  i mean , apple and google are very popular , as they bring the whole world new toys - who cares that they use tax havens ? 
  your system is far sneakier , and is actually really brilliant . 
  our corruption is out in the open ; yours is hidden behind proxies . 
   because to me the difference between putin and erdogan is nonexistant . 
  actually i too seem to see quite a lot of similarities . 
  they are alike , even if the power source is a bit different ( military vs religion )  i think the people can handle it and sooner or later they will . 
  yea , but not quite now , anyway . 
  and , well , the thing is not about a strong leader is that it 's easier to manage sneaky entities like international banks if you have that one . 
  i do n't find the american way of meaningless leaders that only decide some internal questions while external policies are dictated by corporations , and with untouchable companies , any better - while the strong leader can be jailed after a revolution or even just a change of power ( as you can see with a lot of strong leaders from the eastern europe ) , a company can not . 
  ah , ok , that clears it out a bit . 
  dunno why did i expect a constructive dialogue from / r/europe , really . 
  you expect to only talk to shills , it seems , as it 's so far easier to simply exchange insults . 
  i must sadly inform you that i 'm not that easily offended . 
  try ` yo mom ' joke next time . 
   being friendly does n't mean that you have to bend down and accept our values as your own . 
  yet , the west is not really friendly towards russia . 
  at least the media is not - and i 'm not only talking about the newspapers or partisan talk shows ( though those do n't help ) , but even on the more basic level . 
  for us , the west is personified by the usa , and that state was never friendly with us , apart from a short time right after the collapse of the su . 
  hell , just check the sheer amount of movies depicting russians as dumb brutes at best and corrupt criminal villains at worst . 
  and really , hostilities ? 
  there 's no war with the west that i 'm aware of other than the whole sanction thing . 
  we do n't view the west in general as the enemy , though usa is certainly an opponent at the least - and their meddling with ukraine that arguably led to maidan turning violent just proved it thoroughly . 
  i remember putin saying something along the lines of `` if we wanted to start a war , our tanks would 've taken warsaw in two days , but we 're not going to do that , it 's crazy '' - and european newspapers brimmed with `` putin claims russian tanks will take warsaw in two days !, 
  '' , which caused poles to demand for heavier nato presence . 
  that 's how hostile russia is and how amicable the west is . 
   we do n't want to destroy russia , we want a friendly neighbour who we can trade with , not one who threatens us every now and then . 
  yea , ideally . 
  yet the eu put the sanctions on russia , using that peaceful trade as a weapon . 
  i do n't mind sanctioned individuals , they deserved it - but sanctioning access to the banks ultimately punished the common people without even touching the government . 
  did you hope that we 'd start the revolution ? 
  bad miscalculation . 
  and why ? 
  because you ca n't stand bloodless takeover of the crimean peninsula , while waging real bloody wars in the middle east for decades ? 
  was that , i dunno , jealousy ? 
  ukraine was n't even part of the eu . 
  and the eu does n't even want it . 
  yet you are eager to start punishing us ... did noone really see what was coming afterwards ? 
  our propaganda used this to utmost effect - it really fueled the whole `` us vs them '' attitude . 
  were those sanctions really worth it ? 
  where was the eu when ukrainian economy was supported exclusively by russian infusions ( that 's not our propaganda , that 's what [ head of imf actually said ] ( http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/imf-chief-lagarde-hurdles-blocking-economic-growth/ ) ) for 15 years ? 
  where 's the whole `` russia is hostile to us in the west '' when referendum on eu association with ukraine failed ? 
  it seems to me that the eu is ready to exert its power to punish russia over ukraine , but not to actually help out ukraine when it 's in dire need . 
  i do n't deny that our current stance towards the west is hostile . 
  yet it 's mutual , not a one-way street . 
   furthermore , yes , ukraine right now is in a bad place . 
  but you ca n't deny that the annexation of crimea and the proxy war in the east has nothing to do with it . 
  annexation of crimea did n't influence ukraine all that much . 
  most nationalists were actually elated to have the `` unproductive drones with russian slave mentality '' removed , they just wanted the land back . 
  the ato in the east , on the other hand , does influence its economy . 
  it also shifts the power structure . 
  yet both these events do n't prohibit the country from initiating reforms or lustration , as the current government proclaimed . 
  only enemies of the current government are punished , and corruption is so huge , the baltic-born minister of finance just retired to not deal with it . 
  can you also blame the rebels ( ok , with russia , if you want ) for that ? 
  the failure of ukraine is not because of rebellion in the two small regions , but because nothing at all has changed in its power structure - some crooks were replaced with different ones . 
  if there were at least some positive changes in the ukrainian government , which failed due to lack of money or shifting the country to military rails , you might 've had a point - but they 've not even been started . 
   i wo n't lie , i do n't like putin . 
  as far as i can see he has led russia in a very hostile manner for the last few years . 
  i do n't like him too . 
  i might have liked him in his first two terms , but not nowadays . 
  some of his internal policies are heavy-handed , and someone else could 've handled it better . 
  his decimation of the journalists will have a long-term negative effect on the country , as well . 
  but i do n't think anyone could handle the western hostility ( see what i did here ) without sucking up , as was usual . 
  and anyway , he 's not as bad as most alternatives - the mildest guy who had a chance to replace him peacefully ( prokhorov ) was a diehard capitalist in the worst sense of the word , favoring 6-day work week for proles . 
   if you were a good little sheep that did n't make a fuss then you are right that it was n't that bad with a little oversight here that over 99 % of the population were those `` good little sheep '' . 
  you really , really overestimate the number of people prosecuted by the state , especially after the stalin era . 
  at its peak , gulag system had 1.6 million people convicted - and not only political prisoners , like many assume , but common criminals , from swindlers to bandit murderers . 
  just as a comparison , right now usa has over 6 million prisoners . 
  yes , you ca n't compare the conditions , soviet prisons were actual hell - yet it was not by far as widespread as media makes it . 
  and after the gulag system was dismantled , the number of prisoners sharply fell . 
  so actual people who were thrown to prison to rot for their views were not that common , just by sheer numbers . 
  after stalin 's death , in a group of 1000 people , maybe one was convicted for political reasons ; there were other ways for the state to show its displeasure - by inhibiting promotion or shuffling to menial jobs , disallowing participation in international or state-wide activities , public shaming ( which was a really big thing then ) etc - and it 's not something altogether different to an american announcing himself a communist in the 60s . 
  was it intimidation of people for their political views ? 
  yes , it was , and it was shameful . 
  was the prison term possible ? 
  yes , it was . 
  yet unless you actively sought confrontation with the state , you were generally left alone . 
  of course there were outliers , of course there will be anecdotal evidence of people been framed etc. 
  but stalin era was not the whole soviet union . 
   the problem people have nowadays with putin is that he 's emulating some of the behavior the ussr had and that worries a lot of eastern europeans . 
  and again , russia is not ussr , and does n't even strive to be . 
  there are almost no signs of going that way other than desire for a large powerful state , whatever the rednecks might say . 
  i do n't see what kind of behavior emulating the su you see - propaganda fever , maybe ? 
  i see nothing else that can be construed as `` back to ussr '' mode . 
  russia is a pure capitalist state . 
  even evil putin does n't go around in military uniform , he wears a business suit - for a good reason . 
   there is no reason to not be a pro western ally . 
  uhm , there are many reasons not to . 
  starting from having different set of values to being put off by consumer society as a whole . 
  i 'd say there are less reasons not to be than to be , and in the spirit of your answer that 's true . 
   there was no reason to attack ukraine during their inevitable change to a pro western country other than to try and keep the old world order alive . 
  inevitable change to a pro-western country ? 
  we might talk about different ukraines here . 
  ukraine now is more corrupt than 3 years ago .
