  i 'm fairly sure the rebels do n't really want to join russia ( at least most of them ) , just to be independent from ukraine . 
  ^ ^ i 'll ^ ^ play , ^ ^ even ^ ^ though ^ ^ it ^ ^ will ^ ^ cost ^ ^ me ^ ^ the ^ ^ downvote ^ ^ train ^ ^ and ^ ^ `` putinbot ^ ^ shill '' ^ ^ blame . 
  because ukrainian army has never stopped shelling donetsk and lugansk in the last 2 years . 
  because people are dying in donetsk and lugansk districts . 
  there are multiple videos with corpses , shelled cities , with people who never were part of this power struggle or decision to separate from ukraine dead by ukrainian army . 
  yea , you can accuse the foreign power or `` terrorists '' of crimes , but why would same crimes be allowed for your own army , especially when it fights alongside batallions like azov ( which is ultra-nationalistic non-army entity armed by an oligarch separately from the state army ) . 
  oh , and because it 's very easy for ukrainian media to cry ` wolf ' about how russians are shelling them , while their country is not even in a state of war with russia . 
  i 'm not saying `` there are no russian soldiers in ukraine '' , because i do n't know or care about that . 
  just think logically : if russia was really shelling their villages , would n't the border be already closed ? 
  even if state of war is not announced , would n't trade embargo be ? 
  yet you can freely move from russia to ukraine in your private car , with minimal inspection on the border , ukraine still trades with russia ( even though the volume declined , mostly by russian initiative ) ... nothing seems fishy ? 
  so i do n't want to whitewash anyone shelling the villages , but at the very least it 's selective reporting that pushes an agenda . 
  do n't you see , why is this reported now ? 
  ukrainian government popularity wanes , after trump elections their hope for american intervention is becoming slim , so they will be pushing for the military actions to force europe to give them funds , via military or economic aid `` against the russian aggression '' . 
  simple question : if the russians were `` 100 % the bad guys '' ( to use this ... simplistic term ) , why do n't the ukrainians hold up to their own minsk-2 promises ? 
  let evil russians violate their part , but they would keep the promises . 
  my answer is : because doing so would mean nothing to distract the population from the failing economy and rampant internal corruption that still rules the ukrainian government . 
  do you have a different answer for this ? 
   but russia is still the more destructive and dangerous force . 
  yea , tell that to people in iraq and libya , who had their societies destroyed by the west . 
  oh , yea , i forgot , people outside europe do n't matter . 
   russia on the other hand , wants to support seperatist movements in its neighbouring countries and it wants its oligarchy to gain control over your major industries . 
   the eu wants simbiotic relationships , while russia wants parasitical ones . 
  funny thing , as ukraine right now is selling its industrial assets to the west to simply survive the hit from reduced trade with russia . 
  and what 's the answer for this ? 
  `` sorry , ukraine is not going to join either nato or the eu in the foreseeable future '' , which results in their wish to escalate their conflict in the east to get at least some help from the west . 
  so much for wanting `` stable functioning democracies '' and `` symbiotic relationship '' . 
  ask greek and spanish youth about this `` symbiosis '' . 
  do you believe for a second that  it would rather have you be unstable , if it ca n't control you directly . 
  hmm , which other countries abide by this , i wonder ... no , ca n't put my finger on it . 
   as long as russia exists in its current petromaffia-state form , it can not be relied on in the long term , it has destructive incentives within its government destructive to whom ? 
  to the eu ? 
  so far i 've seen more destruction coming from the eu to russia , then vice versa . 
  just the thought of russia using its gas as a leverage is seen as bullying , but slapping financial sanctions is somehow not . 
  fair thing , right ? 
  and that attitude was coming from the very beginning , when chechen terrorists were praised as freedom fighter ; when destruction of the aggressive georgian army that shelled both the peacekeepers and their own villages ( much in the way like russia was shelling chechnya , which was called `` despised militaristic acts of a ruined empire '' , iirc ) was denounced as the imperialistic tendencies and unjustified invasion , and when the bloodless and popular takeover of crimea is blamed as a crime much higher than utter destruction of iraq and libya . 
  europe only cares about itself , but gets pissed off when others do the same . 
  it views russia as being destructive , while being destructive to anyone outside the eu as well . 
  as a sidenote , i think it 's a pretty mad world where the beacon of democracy ( as europe calls itself ) does less good for the world outside it than even imperialistic , pragmatic china - just ask africans about it . 
  what you seem to not understand is that `` russia wants to demolish the eu '' is not coming from nefarious desire to take over europe . 
  europe is uneasy about having a large capable military near its border - now imagine how russia feels having a far larger and more expensive military near its border . 
  as own army is already being improved as much as it can , the only way to shift the balance is to destabilize the potential enemy . 
  a lot of times i see people , especially from eastern europe , complaining about history , and how shitty it was to live under soviet government . 
  now imagine you having various powerful countries on your border that have a history of invading your own , killing of millions of your people , all the while preaching that they 're the good guys . 
  we 've seen it numerous times over the centuries . 
  just in the last century , ussr lost a huge number of people in two world wars , ten times more than all of the western europe combined - if that does n't make you paranoid , i do n't know what will . 
  look at the attitude poles and latvians/lithuanians/estonians have towards russia , and understand that russians have similar attitude towards europe , moderated by the fact that we finally won our wars and expelled the intruders . 
  we opened ourselves to the west in the 1990s , acknowledging our mistakes , and got ruined economy and broken lives while europe applauded how good we 've become . 
  please , it 's not about `` new bigger badder russia '' conquering europe . 
  at least nowadays it 's about not losing the power to repel anything while having inferior economy . 
  as a russian , i always said that usa and russia as countries have much more in common than , say , usa and china or usa and the eu . 
  both have a bully foreign stance , both have a pretty serious patriotic feedback ( though the reasons for patriotism are different - russians are way more jaded than dreamers of usa ) . 
  of course , there are differences internally and socially , but externally , the countries are very close to each other . 
  yes , in pure capability , russia is not as huge as usa , no argument about it . 
  but locally , my country can only be really challenged by china ( with which we have far more amicable relations than with eastern europe ) . 
  and it 's not just pure numbers that show for it - morale and sense of ` just cause ' is on a completely different level than in western europe , but pretty close to all of those `` murica ! '', 
  attitude . 
  abkhazia is not recognized as a sovereign entity , a separate country . 
  it does n't hinder any dealings with russia . 
  transnistria is the same . 
  crimea is a part of russia , which is a pretty big difference . 
   also almost no one recognises crimea as part of russia currently i can quote your own words :  but a lot can change in 20 years . 
  crimea status is now simply a bargaining chip in dealings with all countries but ukraine . 
  there 's a far greater chance that sometime along the line the recognition of the status quo of that area would be traded for some favor with the west , than russia willingly giving out the territory just to score points with the west . 
  also , imagine some russian leader several decades from now gives out crimea back to ukraine ... do you think there 's even a remote possibility of not having another guerilla war there ? 
  crimean citizens would rather be completely independent than go back to ukraine , and would take arms . 
  nah , he has a very high bar for treason for anything not involving russia . 
  russia is the prime evil , so if anyone even thinks of doing something for it , then it 's automatic treason and an evil deed . 
  they are not ` roaming ' , they live in their cities . 
  check the geography , 2 districts announced independence and their cities were shelled down indiscriminately . 
  the ` russian bandits ' are not roaming outskirts of kiev or lviv , you know . 
  even disregarding that ukraine itself is not considering the donbass situation a war , it had economic devastation long before any hostilities . 
  read [ this article ] ( http://carnegieendowment.org/2012/03/09/underachiever-ukraine-s-economy-since-1991 ) back from 2012 , made by carnegie endowment - it 's not some russian propaganda , it 's plain fact . 
  ukrainian economy was always a joke , and [ it was kept alive by russian money ] ( http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/imf-chief-lagarde-hurdles-blocking-economic-growth/ ) . 
  it 's very convenient to blame everything on russia , but the fact is that ukraine does n't have an option to enter the eu in the next 20 years or so , and any government that makes moves towards eu will not survive the next election , however pro-european it might be , because one of the things that would require is doubling the costs of living for common citizens while removing job opportunities - how do you think the people would react to that ? 
  so it 's much easier for the elites to simply steal whatever they can than to actually solve problems . 
  come on , the minister of economics that was hired from the baltics has abandoned his post and fled the country not because of war or russian influence , but because of rampant corruption that held after the `` revolution '' . 
  where would he go then ? 
  minsk would be an option , but then it would be `` belarus is just russia 's pawn '' now . 
  and several top members of usa government were openly and actively supporting maidan , so any ally of usa ( including the whole eu ) would 've simply handed him out . 
  he only had 2 choices : go to some neutral country and hope it would n't give him out , or go to russia-affiliated country that would definitely not give him out . 
  yanukovich was n't `` pro-russia '' , please stop that . 
  if he were , ukraine would 've been a signing member of the customs union , which is putin 's pet project . 
  yanukovich was always milking both the eu and russia for favors , all the while amassing personal wealth . 
  he never had any allegiance , but clearly understood that as usa supports the maidan , eu would n't help him against it , that 's why he asked russia for intervention . 
   well i think that iraq was n't a very unified society at all . 
  with shiites who had been suppressed for a long time and sunnis who were n't going to accept second rate citizenship , while in the north kurds were slowly inching towards ever more independence . 
  compare that to ukraine where they have had their own kind of nationalism since the nineteenth century and the nation has known periods of unified independence since the first world war . 
  ukraine is basically split in halves with , let 's say , ` ukrainian nationalists ' in the west and center and ` russia supporters ' in the east and south . 
  that 's the crux of the issue with donbass and crimea now - the nationalists took over the government and started aggressive anti-russian policy , which pissed off the eastern ukraine , and the rest is history . 
  now , if russia invaded and took over kiev in 2015 , we 'd see lviv & ivano-frankovsk regions on fire as much as we see donetsk & lugansk regions right now , just with an adjustment that russian army is far more deadly and competent so we 'd see even more casualties . 
  who wants that ? 
  while the political allegiance is less potent than religious , i would n't call ukraine as being non-fractured . 
  it might not be at the level of iraq , but still internal conflict is ample . 
  why would he do that ? 
  we all know that the troops were not deployed to suppress maidan rioters in kiev , so why would he try to conceal that ? 
  yanukovich might 've made the request , but putin did n't need/want to intervene there . 
  otherwise noone would 've stormed the government buildings . 
  the map shows data from 2010 , how could their abortion rate go from 0.2 % to 17 % in 1 year ? 
  something 's fishy .
