  spain and italy have lower gdp ( ppp ) . 
  and for our military complex you should compare ppp , not nominal , because most of our equipment is locally produced , with some small exceptions . 
  and in gdp ( ppp ) russia is # 6 in the world , behind china , india , japan , germany and usa only . 
  of course there are countries which are bigger , that 's why russia is in top 15 ( nominal ) , not top 3 . 
  they are comparable , though , their gdp is not even double of the russian gdp . 
  so again , you ca n't really call it `` not much money '' . 
  5 % of russian gdp equals to 3.2 % of italian gdp , with much higher purchasing power . 
   there are much better ways to use your tax money . 
  education in example is a good investment . 
  our education is not too bad to improve it fast . 
  it 's still on the horizon , true , and i overall would prefer it , but still , there are several counterpoints here : 1 . 
  good education without good quality of life leads to brain drain . 
  you will educate your citizens just to see the brightest leaving for greener pastures , effectively nullifying your investment and giving it to other countries . 
  higher levels of education is a much more competitive market than weapons . 
  you ca n't compete with harvard or oxford just by throwing cash to education . 
  but if you already have a top-notch military complex , you can compete with top weapon manufacturers if you throw money at it . 
  our system of education is too different from european/american . 
  while our schools are at least as good as european , making our higher education institutions competitive will need a complete overhaul of the whole system - at the very least , merging research institutes with education institutes , or we 'll never appear in the international ratings . 
  improving education is not what we really require now to improve the country . 
  we have a lot of brilliant scientists and good research done - we just ca n't use it properly , and turn new discovery into innovation . 
  what we need is a strong middle class , but that is a problem that is not solved with education - we need some social & political reform to do that . 
  there 's no indication that quality of education is really driving countries wealth up . 
  chinese education is nowhere near even current russian one , even after all their attempts , but china is in top 2 world economies , and they reached it through cheap labor force , not better education . 
   dissent and suppressing popular opinion is oppression . 
  of course . 
  we can have different definitions of the word `` popular '' though . 
   out of thankfulness for the ukrainian government for letting them return did n't they return prior to formation of modern ukraine ? 
  they were allowed to as early as 1967 , and even before ussr collapse the forceful migration was condemned and called illegal by ck kpss . 
  all of that was before the ukrainian flag even got the status of official . 
  and about the flag ... it 's not linked in any way to ukrainian flag . 
  they had the same colors back in 1917 ( they were used in all crimean flags ) , and damga that is used has its roots in turkish middle ages . 
  there 's literally nothing linked exclusively to ukrainian flag , and whoever tells you it is , is just retelling ~ ~ propaganda ~ ~ a certain misconception . 
  russia 's gdp is in top 15 of the world . 
  i would n't call it `` not much money '' . 
  not comparable to usa or china gdp , but still not that low . 
  1 ) of course in their language they 'd use different words . 
  but turks and tatars sold so many slavs to greeks that the whole word changed its meaning . 
  2 ) really . 
  really . 
  there are ~ 280k crimean tatars living in crimea . 
  if you showcase persecution of even a thousand of crimean tatars , it 's not even 0.5 % of their total population . 
  extrapolating anti-russian activists being shut down to the whole population and make it about nation/race is dishonest . 
  yes , it does irk me . 
  but not as much as it irked me to be completely ignored in the world politics . 
  let 's be frank here : the only things really good things our country produces are fuel , weapons and food . 
  fuel is kinda developed , food is facing huge competition and weapon production was in the shitter . 
  the best way to advertise your weapons is by showcasing them in some real action , and that would be impossible without a good standing army . 
  after initial syrian strikes , the number of orders for our weaponry increased by 400 % ( per some reports ) . 
  a nice side advantage is that the army now has much less corruption and that awful hazing system ( ` dedovshina ' ) than it had 10 years ago . 
  the military salaries became competitive , turning the generals off selling away the assets . 
  i really welcome this . 
  so while it certainly irks me , and i think that this reform could 've been stretched in time slightly more , we needed an army , because it would ultimately serve our economy . 
  though still , over 5 % is kinda yuge , 3.5-4 % would 've been better . 
  i know that this opinion is unpopular , but 1 ) the right of the crimean tatars `` ancestral homeland '' is also debatable , considering that they , together with turks , were the reason for the word `` slave '' in english being of the same root as `` slavic '' ; 2 ) most crimean tatars are right now living in crimea without serious problems , it 's only activists who are related or directly part of the organizations like mejlis who suffer . 
  anyway , you can accept this fact or not , that 's your right . 
  if you make the maps on your site , you 're free to not add crimea to russia . 
  demanding that others conform to your point of view does n't really smell of plurality of opinions or democratic principles , do n't you think ? 
  well , it 's only 5.39 % because it 's in the middle of overhaul of the huge military that 's been neglected since the 80s . 
  looking at the bright side , per capita figure for `` that country '' is much more modest . 
   it 's `` hanged '' when referring to a person if you consider cameron a person . 
   you mean sans turning us into puppet state and draining our resources for over 45 years ? 
  huh , poland had resources that ussr lacked ? 
  that 's news to me . 
  but whatever , you might even be correct in that . 
  ussr dissolved , that country is no more . 
  it did n't go out with guns blazing , it was done peacefully . 
  what more a country can do than to commit suicide ? 
  you do n't blame modern germany for 5 years of systematic elimination of your citizens , somehow . 
  maybe because it 's not nazi germany at all ? 
  yet you do n't want to extend the same to russia , because it did n't pay you hundreds of billions euro , probably . 
   and we should be best buddies no we should n't . 
  why would we want to be best buddies with poland ? 
  poland never ever did us anything good , remotely , on the opposite , it often invaded us , was invaded by us and we had a lot of wars . 
  it does n't have anything really important for us , it wo n't be included in our economic union in the foreseeable future . 
  the population is really hostile to us , also . 
  best buddies ? 
  no way . 
  but not being enemies is really expected . 
  our people are actually really-really similar - both are clinging to the past suffering , constantly seeking external enemies , very conservative and `` practically religious '' , both are in the process of conversion from soviet past to modern future . 
  and while the history dictates that we wo n't be friends , there are no reasons for us to be enemies . 
   and that same upa is a reason that our support for ukraine is questionable ? 
  and my grandfather was fighting against upa mind that . 
  that 's the thing , upa is ancient history , but its founder is deemed a national hero in ukraine right now . 
  statues in his honor are erected and streets are named by the same very government that 's killing off their own citizens . 
  and you consider that all of this is preferable to bloodless takeover of crimea . 
  imagine stalin branded a national hero in russia . 
  not just revered by some elderly people or clueless youths , but actually promoted on the national level , with new federally funded statues erected , tv programs covering his heroic deeds and history books amended to show how he was the best thing that came in russia . 
  you 'd lose your shit and state that russia is going back to ussr ( though ... you already do that , so there 's that ) . 
  but ukraine doing that is completely ok , and you support that government fully , because it 's against the empire of evil . 
  i really envy you . 
  such a clarity of vision : there 's the empire of evil , and there are the glorious saviors . 
  it must be so nice to live like that , so easy to tell right from wrong . 
  to protect yourself from that empire of evil you 've joined the coalition members of which ( including your own country ) participate in unprovoked wars non-stop , indiscriminately killing people half a world away - and you dare paint yourselves victims . 
  yea , everything from russia is poisonous ... like what exactly ? 
  what did russia in all of its 25 years of history did to your country ? 
  established high oil prices - is that it ? 
  or you 're suddenly in love with ukraine , which brands the person who torched polish villages just for fun as the only national hero ? 
  is that it ? 
  `` but stalin '' is not an argument , really , that monster is dead for over 60 years , and russia is not ussr , not even close . 
  need nato ?
