  come on , do you really believe that there are whole countries with 1-2 % rates ? 
  it 's not about market knowledge , it 's about culture knowledge . 
  you can learn about markets in briefs , but if you actually learn a foreign language , you will absorb some part of its culture on the way , it 's almost inevitable . 
  and understanding the foreign culture is an asset in itself , both in negotiations and market knowledge . 
  monolinguals are often disregarding that side of learning a language . 
  that 's why almost universally if a foreigner is trying to speak your language , he 's seen more favorably than someone who does n't try to ( unless you 're in uk or usa , where it 's taken for granted ) - because she 's trying to understand your culture . 
  english is not simple . 
  spanish , for instance , is much simpler . 
  english , while having a great quality of easy permutations of the verbs to nouns etc ( ` verbing ' the words , if you will ) , is still pretty rigid , and the huge difference between pronunciation and writing with giant lists of irregular verbs makes it by far not the simplest language . 
  it might not be as difficult as chinese , japanese or hindi , but certainly not simple . 
  the thing is , you can easily learn english just by watching throngs of movies and reading books . 
  english is also an official scientific language , so almost all the scientific publications are printed in english . 
  internet is dominantly english . 
  so the point the op holds is that mechanical simplicity can easily be offset by the ubiquitous materials of all kinds that help you learn the language . 
  english is my third language , and out of all the languages i speak , it 's the easiest to maintain ( apart from my native russian ) . 
  i work with chinese to maintain my chinese ; i listen to spanish songs to maintain my spanish ; but to maintain english i just browse the news and watch popular tv shows . 
  pretty ironic that usa , known for overthrowing other countries ' heads for over 50 years , could be so easily manipulated ... or it was n't . 
  i also like how uncovering dirt on politicians is seen as a power grab from russia , and not just a skewed journalism these days . 
  i think the people who uncovered the watergate scandal would be oh so bitter . 
  i 'm sorry , are you saying your election system does n't work ? 
  or it does n't work only if someone you do n't like is getting elected ? 
  it 's a bit funny that you do n't even notice that your comment is at the same level of hate for democrats that you denounce them for . 
  while it 's easy to dismiss the commenters as putinbots , the truth is that actually there are a lot of people with a real hard-on for hard stance towards the west in general and putin in particular . 
  absolutely free of charge . 
  those are the same kind of people who are proclaiming ` murica as the mostest enlightenest and powerfulest country of the whole universe . 
  do n't tell me all of those are in pay of fbi , please . 
  just to clarify : the services these ` anglo-american schools ' are not what you 'd call ` robbing children from their education . 
  i can tell because i attended one for 2 years . 
  they are generally pretty expensive as schools go ( which is a double-whammy in a country where over 95 % of schools are free , with only token payments for optional security and better food ) , and they mostly teach the anglo-american history and language ( very good quality , no doubt ) , but all the other areas are of lower quality than your generic free school if they are even present in the curriculum . 
  i 'd rather my kids studied math & physics in a russian school , and only attend this anglo-american school to get a better english language skill . 
  these schools are generally seen as `` schools for kids of rich parents who hate the country they live in '' , though it 's not quite correct . 
  so no , it 's not `` robbing children from their education '' , not by far . 
  just a thought : it really sounds like you two are discussing horses or some other livestock . 
  i do n't mind , just an observation . 
  unquoted article in wikipedia is not a proof . 
  if the quoted source is reliable , only then the article can be seen as a proof . 
  otherwise it 's an opinion of the author . 
   russia is as shown by source . 
  sorry but your opinion does n't matter here . 
  only definition applies . 
  oh , of course , wikipedia , a freely edited encyclopedia , is certainly prevalent . 
  did you know that wikipedia in different languages contains different information on subjects ? 
  using wikipedia as a source is considered a bad taste , you know . 
  it states that russia as of 1990 is considered one . 
  not the current one . 
  you know nothing , jon snow . 
  no , sorry , russia currently is not an oligarchy . 
  to qualify for that putin should have independent competitors , and he does n't have them . 
  oligarchy = multiple independent rulers that jointly rule . 
  that was the case in the 1990s , when every region had a wealthy entrepreneur who were collectively nicknamed ` oligarchs ' , because they were independent from each other . 
  oligopoly is the analogue for oligarchy for corporations . 
  intel & amd form an oligopoly on consumer cpu market - they definitely have the most power in the market , with all the rest being very small competitors , but they actually compete for it . 
  monopoly is when you have a single company dominating the market , and we all know what unchecked power does to people . 
  american top families ( such as bush and clinton ) can be , at a stretch , seen as oligarch clans , because they compete for power without allowing others to participate ( though we now see that 's not quite correct , trump victory is the best proof that usa is not quite an oligarchy ) . 
  ukraine has vanilla oligarchs everyone having their own agenda . 
  current russian structure is something between kleptocracy and monarchy ( without the inheritance part ) , or , if you wish , despotism/dictatorship . 
  putin 's word is final , he does n't have competitors , and the parliament will accept any law he backs . 
  he is popular , but he 's certainly not an oligarch , he 's beyond that . 
  if he were , the sanctions would hit him . 
  and how is that different from what i told you ? 
  it says that power is within a small group of people , but in russia it 's concentrated in putin 's hands . 
  yes , he has his team , but they do n't enjoy separate powers and they are acting as one front . 
  oligarchy implies several independent parties that control the country . 
  as you can see `` such states are often controlled by a few prominent families '' - note ' a few ' . 
  even absolute monarchs in europe had their courts and vassals who wielded power , yet they are not characterized as oligarchies . 
  otherwise , if you use just strict `` not one person = oligarchy '' , all the countries in the world are oligarchies , regardless of anything else . 
   my comparison put russia with chechnya in contrast to georgia with south-ossetia . 
  not russia with south-ossetia in contrast to russia with chechnya . 
  ok , i misunderstood you then , my apologies . 
    russia 's goal in south ossetia was not to annex the territory , it does n't have the same rich historical or strategic value as crimea  yet that 's what 's happening . 
  nah , we do n't need that territory anymore than we need transnistria . 
  and even they do n't really want to join , not completely . 
  so no , annexation is n't happening , most parties are content with having the territory proclaimed independent . 
   like the answer to : `` georgia is fighting a war against a much bigger stronger opponent that it 's certain to loose . 
  do they want to keep fighting it ? '', 
  that 's the thing . 
  in my opinion , the actual reason for the georgian conflict was n't even south ossetia . 
  russia was pretty much fucked in the 1990s , and the experience of the chechen wars showed how inapt was our army . 
  georgia under saakashvili , on the other hand , had several years of us army training . 
  the whole thing conflict escalated so fast simply because georgia ( and probably usa , but there 's no evidence for that ) was hoping russia would n't dare to invade , and even if it invaded , would be easily beaten , as the forces to commit would 've been very limited . 
  and worst case scenario , there were always us soldiers , who would call for help . 
  yet what actually happened is that russia responded in superior force and destroyed the georgian army pretty fast , and usa never came to their help ( apart from media frenzy , of course ) . 
  mind you , it was not as one-sided as it would 've been today ; the russian army was in disarray , and that 2008 conflict highlighted a lot of problems , which is why the military reform began right after that war . 
  i 'm fairly sure that russian defense ministry were also eager to get into this conflict , as it triggered the inflow of funds afterwards . 
  so all in all it was not the case of georgia seeking an all-out war with russia . 
  it was betting on russia not being fast enough , strong enough or brave enough to actually invade ; it also severely overestimated its forces , and the outcome was n't expected - as was evidenced by the famous scene with bewildered saakashvili eating his necktie . 
  and after russia proved that its military is still capable of something , demonization of russia in europe and usa began . 
  you wo n't find a lot of positive foreign language news about russia since 2008 , while negative things are being retold ( like the common ` russian population is shrinking ' or ` it 's all oil price and nothing else ' ) . 
  ok , so a representative of 100k people have the same weight as a representative of 300m people . 
  makes no difference . 
  care to explain ? 
  andorra is a member of un since 1993 . 
  usa is a member of un since 1945 . 
  both voted in crimea case . 
  both countries counted as 1 vote . 
  of course , who cares about actual human beings , presidents are the only important people . 
  100k people of andorra having the same weight in votes as 300m of usa is a very strange situation . 
  i 'd say the problem here with either voice counting or voting as it is . 
  un is ultimately a diplomatic arena , not a club of likes and dislikes . 
  unsc should have voting , because that 's what it 's designed for ; but un general assembly is a place of talks , not of decisions .
