  back in 2005 when my grandmother had broken a thigh , we had to procure blood for transfusion and pay bribes to the doctors just to get the surgery going ; in ~ 2013 , when my second grandmother was diagnosed with intestinal cancer , she had full 14-hour surgery and now has lifetime care without us paying anything , there was no shortage in any medicines , up to and including chemo ; the doctors even declined our voluntary payment as they had suitable salary , and instead asked to make donation to the hospital officially . 
  when i wanted to get the official measurements ( \u0411\u0422\u0418 ) for my apartment in 2007 , it took me 4 weeks of standing in lines with strong encouragement to just pay a bribe to get the docs i needed fast . 
  speeding tickets were almost non-existent , as you just paid a bribe to the road officer . 
  today it takes me several hours over 2 days ( 1 day to request , 1 day to take results ) to get the data from ` my documents ' office , without standing in any lines and without any bribe hints ; and most speeding tickets are issued automatically via cameras and paid by electronic means . 
  that 's just some small sample of how corruption has diminished . 
  i do n't want to attribute it all to one guy , as i do n't have this unhealthy fixation on putin as the western media and foreigners have ; but to talk about `` regression '' in russia when i see how things are progressing is just another type of propaganda which fills the western media . 
   he does n't even reallize what 's the problem with one man being in rule of a country for a 16 years in a row and wanting to continue . 
  believe it or not , i 'd prefer someone else take the reins . 
  but overall i do n't see it as a huge problem : look at post-wwii germany chancellors ( de-facto rulers ) for example . 
  adenauer ruled for 14 years , kohl ruled for 16 years , merkel already rules for over 11 years ; and they made germany from a ruin that was in a powerhouse that is . 
  so is there a problem in the term itself ? 
  nope , and we should n't stop with our `` war on corruption '' , so to say . 
  and we 're nowhere near the end result . 
  i do n't even think we can reach that in another 20-30 years , because the corruption runs deep ; especially not in distant cities . 
  but saying that we regress can be said by either a person who can not see the facts clearly ( out of personal frustration in life if he lives in russia , or plain ignorance for a foreigner ) , or someone with an agenda . 
  we 're better , it does n't mean that we 're in the best position already . 
  life is not black & white . 
  do n't you see that you contradict yourself ? 
   napoleonic invasion was provoked by leaked russian invasion plans so french invasion was justified by these plans , it was defensive in nature , you mean to say ? 
  but ussr doing absolutely the same in the beginning of wwii is somehow aggressive imperialistic tendency . 
  yea , that 's right . 
  come on , napoleon has invaded russian empire not because he was afraid of invasion , but because he had imperialistic ambition , it is clear from reading his diaries . 
  ussr , on the other hand , had spent 2 years approaching all the european powers to form an alliance against germany , yet uk and france refused . 
   ww2 started off with germany and the soviet union attacking poland together not together , get your facts straight . 
  there was no coordination of armies , no common goals . 
  and it definitely was n't the first hostile act starting the war - poland itself has invaded czechoslovakia first ; and a year before there was sudetenland . 
  but that is conveniently forgotten to push the rhetoric . 
  `` but what about [ molotov-ribbentrop ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molotov%e2%80%93ribbentrop_pact ) ! '', 
  - yea , which was a year after the [ munich agreement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/munich_agreement ) , where britain and france have decided that it 's better to allow germany and poland invade other countries and do nothing about it than believe the red beast . 
  and if you actually read the pact , there 's nothing there about starting the war or battling side by side - it 's a non-aggression pact , stating `` if anything starts , this is our area of influence and that one is yours , and we wo n't mess with you there '' . 
  also do n't forget that ussr was on the brink of war with poland over the sudetenland crisis , as it had a defense pact with czechoslovakia . 
  poland is not some innocent body there . 
  ussr was preparing for defensive war with germany , and it was severely unprepared , buying time with everything it could . 
  and even that did n't stop us from losing tens of millions people to the nazi war machine . 
  but today the role of britain and france in kickstarting the wwii is downplayed , while a nap is made equal to full-blown military alliance . 
  because russia is bad , and europe is good . 
   russia has been expansionist for all of its history . 
  just because you get invaded when you start losing does n't mean you do n't start the fights . 
  yea , so the reason wwii has started was that russia was expansionist ? 
  and napoleonic wars were also defense from russian expansion ? 
  i 'm fairly sure afghanistan , vietnam , iraq , libya , syria and all the other wars were also there just because russia is expansionist . 
  somehow . 
  europe is always blameless . 
  yet when russia shuts down ngos financed by the usa and the eu , who sponsor our far left ( those who wail `` russians are genetic slaves '' ) , it 's seen as a crackdown on liberties . 
  double standards , nothing new . 
  so , before we had 2 groups of thieves , now we have 1 . 
  and that 's not an improvement . 
  then what constitutes an improvement ? 
  changing the laws to make stealing legal , as is the way of the west ? 
   ah , so it 's okay when russia ( and apparently now soviet union is just russia ) invades everybody left and right , because everyone else did this . 
  no , soviet union is not `` just russia '' , but russia ( as rsfsr at that time ) was invaded as well . 
   in addition somebody else pointed out that ussr invaded poland at the start of wwii . 
  yea , and germany has invaded it earlier and poland itself has invaded czechoslovakia even earlier . 
  and european powers actually supported germany invasion of sudetenland a year before that ( despite protests from ussr ) , kickstarting the war . 
  `` he hit me first ! '', 
  is only a defense for small boys , the results are what matters - and the results were seen in the course of the war . 
  wow , and i thought `` everyone who disagrees with my point of view is a traitor '' is a bullshit from soviet-style dictatorships . 
  was n't ready to hear that coming from a progressive european . 
  i wonder if you realize that by denigrating someone with something petty , you 're actually playing in their favor ? 
  if people can laugh at someone , they will have less reason to hate and/or oppose them . 
  it 's the whole `` yea he 's bad , but he 's worse than me in some aspects '' lowering the threat level . 
  most jokes about kgb and cia/fbi being stupid were actually created inside those agencies to reduce hostility and internal threat level . 
  i face the reality every day . 
  putin occasionally murdering a journalist is bad , but by far preferable to fucking grenades thrown in the buildings in broad daylight as a part of racketeers intimidating fledgling businesses and not being able to feed your family properly without working for some shady thugs . 
  you have absolutely no idea how corrupt was ussr and what happened in russia in the 1990s . 
  what we have now is bad , but it 's far better than what we used to have . 
  so it 's not ` regression ' . 
  yes , there was enough historical aggression , but in all the major conflicts it was europe who came invading to russia , killing off major part of population . 
  small wars involving only 2-3 countries were a thing , and everyone invaded everyone ; but in large wars consuming whole europe - napoleonic wars , wwi , wwii - it was the other way around ( well , less so for wwi itself , but far more for the intervention during the russian civil war of 1918-1921 , that followed wwi ) . 
  when you lose over 20 million of your population in a course of 5 years because a certain european power has decided to play conquest , it 's hard to not laugh at the accusation of `` russia invading europe '' . 
  oh god `` regressive nature of russian politics '' again . 
  there 's less low-level corruption in russia now than 20 years ago . 
  much less . 
  yes , the government is still stealing in huge amounts , but daily life is not nearly affected by the corruption as it was . 
  i do n't have to pay a bribe to the doctor to get my free surgery , unlike 15 years ago . 
  i can pay my speeding tickets faster and legally online rather than bribe the regulation officer . 
  i do n't have to bribe an official to get government register documentation for my apartment faster than in half a year anymore . 
  of course there 's still huge problem with corruption , but when matters are improving , it 's by definition not `` regression '' . 
  and about homophobia ... it 's not about politics , it 's about society . 
  politicians do n't really care about that issue , the bill limiting overt display of homosexual affection in front of minors was very popular ( and the punishment for violation is a token fine , not imprisonment , like the west believes ) ; in moscow and spb there are many gay/lesbian bars active openly . 
  yes , the society is still very conservative , and views the deviants very negatively , but it 's not a problem that 's solved politically , it simply takes time . 
   did the ukrainian battalions initiate the shellings first or did russian-backed combatives and advance brigades initiate after minsk 1 and 2 ? 
  it 's not a question of who was first or second . 
  i highlighted that if both parties violate the agreement , one side can not be `` 100 % the bad guys '' , by definition . 
  it 's not like this rebels/guerillas/separatists , however you call them , are assaulting kiev . 
  it 's about ukrainian army assaulting the rebelling cities and districts . 
  if there 's a ceasefire , let the rabble violate it , but if you 're an army with strict orders to not violate it , you would simply stop the assaults and retreat to safer position - that was not done . 
  so it does n't really matter who was the first , it 's not a fight of schoolkids . 
  if the army did n't stop the assaults , it means the soldiers never received the orders in the first place . 
   are there ( primary ) sources to back up your claims besides rt ? 
  i do n't even use rt. 
  i have enough sources from actual people living in the area that the shellings do n't stop . 
  hell , even [ rferl reported ] ( http://www.rferl.org/a/ukraine-russia-creeping-offensive-escalation-fighting/28268104.html ) that ukraine starts creeping advance before avdiivka was attacked . 
  i could n't care less for the combatants , but innocent people die , civilian buildings are destroyed . 
  yet when that 's done on the ukrainian army 's side , the western media is screaming havoc ; when that 's done on the donetsk/lugansk side , then the western media is silent , ignoring the issue , simply reinforcing the idea of `` only russian army fights there , and they 're the bad guys '' . 
  that 's dehumanizing the enemy , defacing the civilians just because they 're on the side of the conflict that the west considers `` bad '' . 
   what are each sides motives ? 
  ukraine government 's motive is to escalate the conflict to prove that it needs help from the west ( read : more money to steal ) and make it harder for trump and other western politicians to build better relations with russia . 
  russia government 's motive is to keep the conflict active so that ukraine does n't join nato ( read : expand its power ) , but not escalate it to the full-blown massacre . 
  rebels ' motive is to go on with their lives without submitting to the government that prefers shelling to the dialogue .
