  the problem with `` more than half of un members '' is that , for instance , three baltic states with total population of under 6 million have the same number of votes as china , india and brazil with 2.5 billion people . 
  and if you add even smaller countries like andorra , then the discrepancy becomes even more convoluted . 
  to win un votes you do n't need to have a lot of people support you , you just need to have a lot of small countries vote for you . 
  and that applies to all situations , not only kosovo/crimea . 
  we had no option of those billions not be stolen . 
  there was only a choice between those billions being stolen and moved to offshore bank accounts by our oligarchs , or being stolen as a change of hands for our industry that still works for the country . 
  oh , and i do n't know about crumbs , but i know this : in the financial crisis of 1998 , people were buying salt , matches and canned food in fear of the future . 
  in the financial crisis of 2014-2015 , people were buying smartphones and cars to convert their free cash before it dropped in value . 
  do n't you see the difference ? 
   an oligarchy is when a very small group has the wealth and power which is russia no , that 's called income inequality and a pyramid of power . 
  while there are many wealthy people who keep the bulk of russia 's wealth , there 's noone who disputes putin 's power base . 
  yes , it 's not just a single man , it 's his team that holds the power , but they are not separate ( as in the case of oligarchs ) , they have a single purpose and goals . 
  oligarchy implies several entities that may or may not cooperate . 
  for instance , in pre-maidan ukraine ( i have no idea what it is like right now ) , yanukovich had to take decisions jointly with other oligarchs , like kolomoyskiy , boyko and prihodko - putin does n't consult with our wealthy people , it 's the other way around . 
  that 's the difference . 
  i 'm not blaming the west for the collapse of the union . 
  i 'm simply highlighting that a by-product of the collapse was a negative attitude towards the west , and list the reasons for it . 
   so you both have a region you consider part of your country , in both you find citizens mistreated & attacks launched from the region . 
  in chechnya 's case you invade to stop the trouble . 
  you claim it righteous . 
  in georgia 's case it 's the exact opposite ? 
  the difference is that chechnya was a part of russia for several hundred years and never was a part of another country or officially independent . 
  south ossetia even now , after the won war , is not a subject of russian federation - it 's considered to be either an independent country or a part of georgia , depending on the source . 
  russia 's goal in south ossetia was not to annex the territory , it does n't have the same rich historical or strategic value as crimea ( i doubt there are other places on earth that do and not yet belong to russia ) - it was to maintain their independence . 
  in chechnya the reasons were different , and if they did n't abuse their self-governance in the ways we saw , the whole russian history might 've been different . 
  also , while georgian conflict was purely political , chechen was both about establishing lost dominance and battling the covert invasion - chechnya in both wars had highly trained foreign specialists ( mostly explosive specialists ) and external funding , we suspect coming from saudi arabia or affiliated states , using the modern terror cells tactics out of nowhere , so it was vastly different in reasons . 
   it 's not like you guys were out to stop the conflict of course it was planned beforehand , military operations of that depth within a foreign territory are not done at a minute notice . 
  and of course we were out to stop the conflict - when georgia spent 4 years building up their forces with the overt help from us army , and was proclaiming that it would use force to stop the insurgency of south ossetia . 
  as you can see , after the 2008 conflict , there 's no more shelling of cities in georgia , the president who authorized that is now a wanted person ( which does n't stop him from being a figure in ukrainian politics , ironically ) , and relations between georgia and russia are now much more amiable . 
  if that 's not ` stopping the conflict ' , i do n't know what is . 
  anyway , the west outcry was about russia shelling tbilisi ( georgian capital ) , taking over and going on a blood conquest . 
  that was not the case , do n't you agree ? 
   after it all russian annexed it all again  it only enforces the believe among those that it was a landgrab especially with kadrykov & co on the throne . 
  chechnya never left russia . 
  it was always a subject of russian federation : in soviet times , during the wars and currently . 
  it was given a wide autonomy after the first chechen war , but was still a part of russia . 
  kadyrov is basically one of the local warlords who head enough sense to be bribed into peacekeeping the area instead of waging war . 
  he 's far preferable to islamic caliphate that was proclaimed on the territory of chechen republic . 
  chechnya between two wars was turned into a smaller version of what isis is now in iraq , and thank god our army could destroy it while it was small despite the state of disarray it was in . 
   & then came georgia which made people distrust even more & on that one i stand with em . 
   all whilst in the west the last big internal wars i 'm sorry , did you just call georgia a part of russia ? 
  georgia is another country , and even international observers confirmed that georgia started shelling the peacekeepers - georgian president was sure that russia would n't retaliate because the us army would save him , which it did n't . 
  and despite all the outcry the western media started , russia did n't even take any major cities in that war , just destroyed the georgian army and retreated back to its borders within two weeks . 
  i do n't see how that situation is even remotely relevant to chechen wars . 
   and putin did n't increase living standard of russia . 
  high oil prices did . 
  i do n't want to credit exclusively the president with it , but it was not only high oil prices . 
  while oil is the russian international trade balance cornerstone and is what dictates the rub/usd fx rate , it 's much less significant part of gdp than in countries like saudi arabia or norway . 
  yet in the same 2000-2015 period , with the huge increase of oil price , russian gdp ( where oil takes ~ 30-40 % part ) grew at 4 times the speed of saudi arabia gdp ( where oil is 85-90 % ) . 
  that speaks that not only oil prices created that , but handling that money properly , and improving the economy as a whole . 
   russian government is the one rooting against you . 
  the angry you feel about this is misdirected against west ha , ca n't i be displeased at them both for different things ? 
  it 's not `` either-or '' relation , you know . 
  you do n't seem to understand the word ` oligarch ' . 
  oligarch is not just `` a rich crook '' . 
  oligarch to monarch is what oligopoly to monopoly - a ruler , one of several more or less equal in power to others . 
  1990s oligarchs were enjoying a lot of power , which made them de-facto rulers of the parts of the country . 
  current rich entrepreneurs do n't enjoy that power , so they ca n't be considered oligarchs . 
  if they had real power , then western sanctions would 've had a more profound effect , and putin would n't be able to continue his policy uninterrupted . 
  good examples of oligarchs could be found in latin america and ukraine today , even though ukraine started working on reducing their number . 
   reality is objective and they lie against it . 
  so being patriotic equals to lying against reality ? 
   people must be punished for lying and enciting hatred . 
   he leads russia into abyss . 
  economy is tanked , russia is bogged in two wars at the same time , number of enemies increases each year , together with internal pressure . 
  i 'm sorry , -5 % gdp is not ` tanked ' , it 's milder than in 2008 . 
  bogged in two wars ? 
  we made bank on syrian conflict , if anything it boosted our economy by additional military equipment contracts at the cost of average war games . 
  ukrainian conflict is not even a war - your own defense minister does n't call it that - there are just some outdated machinery and some new electronic toys tested there , it does n't even have air support or army relocation , or it would 've been seen across the globe . 
  so no , russia is not bogged in two wars , crimea is a much bigger money sink than both ` wars ' combined . 
  what number of new enemies did we make in 2016 ? 
  i think it 's the usual suspects , no ? 
  internal pressure like what ? 
  government support is higher than it 's been since 2005 . 
  our liberal opposition discredited themselves even before the eyes of liberal citizens . 
  even milder government opponents , like navalny , lost a lot of support in the last years . 
  so what internal pressure are you talking about ? 
  so , the question is , should you be punished for lying and inciting hatred , by your own words ? 
   i once again fing that expressing more or less proper pro-russian opinion is impossible without that . 
  maybe that 's because you consider ` proper ' opinion something that 's not really pro-russian ? 
  just a thought . 
  ussr collapse was not caused by the elites , it was caused by the overall , let 's say , ` crisis of faith ' - both the elites and the people became really disillusioned with the whole communism ideology ( especially as communism is not achievable in communities larger than ~ 1k people ) , and the tension in the society grew . 
  ussr could never be defeated in any war , but it was soundly defeated in peace . 
  of course the elites caused the fail of democracy , even though they were helped a lot by common people . 
  i do n't shift the blame away from gorbachev , yeltsin and gaidar , and most people always blamed them . 
  but to deny that the media helped to nurture the resentment towards the west is to shift blame , too . 
  one of the reasons for the collapse of the union was the belief common people held that in the west everything is much better , and learning that the west lies as much as our dear communist party did , just in a different way , was a shocking wake up call . 
  to simplify things ( a lot ) , people said `` ok , we agree that we were wrong , we 're at your mercy - we will abandon our destructive ideology and will follow your way of life , because it 's superior '' - and then we got fucked in the arse by the crooks , both in the elites and among the common people ( bandits and racketeers ) , while the enlightened mentors applauded . 
  yes , the crooks are guilty , and they are to be blamed , but is it surprising that we have no warm feelings towards the people standing in the lines , applauding that rape , even if they did n't mean to do that ? 
  as far as an average russian person sees it , when we suffer - the west applauds ; when our living conditions improve - the west condemns us . 
  and it did n't start with ukraine or even georgia - many people still remember how chechen terrorists , who made living by kidnapping and blowing up people , were lauded as ` freedom fighters suffering under delusional moscow regime still clinging to obsolete soviet ideas ' by the west . 
   do propaganda job either because of patriotism or as they are well paid too . 
   they may not even get paid for it then they are not troll brigades , they are simply people speaking stuff you disagree with . 
  is n't one of the tenets of democracy a free speech ? 
  why is saying `` putin is a kleptocrat who must be jailed '' is just a normal opinion , but saying `` putin is a great influential president '' is following a propaganda ? 
  i mean , if you assign that value , then i can call half the / r/worldnews and / r/europe ( and all of balts around here ) western troll brigades , but that would be factually incorrect . 
   he is a personal buddy to all of them . 
  he either subdued or exiled ( some to prisons , some to foreign countries ) all of the oligarchs who mattered . 
  i would n't call a man who extorted my money at the threat of destruction ' a personal buddy ' . 
  if you refer to the modern ` oligarchs ' , they are not .
