   a coup d'\u00e9tat , also known simply as a coup , or an overthrow , is the sudden and illegal seizure of a state , usually instigated by a small group of the existing government establishment to depose the established regime and replace it with a new ruling body . 
  a coup d'\u00e9tat is considered successful when the usurpers establish their dominance . 
  if a coup fails , a civil war may ensue . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coup_d%27%c3%a9tat )  also maidan was not a coup in any normal definition of the word . 
  maidan itself ( as in the peaceful meeting of people protesting against president ) was n't . 
  storming the government buildings and toppling the government , which was later replaced by people who already were a part of the government , was . 
  you might argue that it was closer to the [ revolution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/revolution ) than a coup , but i fail to see complete restructuring of the country that follows the revolution , and for all intents and purposes , for russia coup or revolution were the same beasts . 
  if russia would react to an unfavorable outcome  i simply reject as an absurd piece of propaganda that maidan was a `` coup '' or that good relations with post-maidan ukraine were impossible ( that is until crimea and the war in donbass ) . 
  your rejection nonwithstanding , good relations were possible , of course . 
  crimea is a very , very special case , which is really hard for foreigners to understand . 
  and even after crimea , if ukraine reacted to donbass separatism movement with negotiation ( like it actually did in odessa and kharkiv ) and not with tanks and helicopters , i 'm fairly sure the relations could 've been more amicable . 
  first 6 months neither the separatists nor the ukrainian army wanted to fight , and there was no sight of the mysterious russian reinforcements . 
  nowadays - yea , russia supports donbass , i have no doubt there are some special forces and a lot of russian military materiel there , but at first the seps were effectively alone . 
  of course the separatists ' absurd demands of complete separations were bullshit , but giving them at least limited self-governance that did n't allow secession would 've cooled a lot of hot heads - and instead they received artillery shelling of civilians . 
  but i digress . 
  the whole donbass situation is pretty nasty , especially after that plane that the separatists have downed . 
  but claiming that toppling of government as a result of maidan was lawful change of power is a complete delusion . 
  do you imply that any politician who is generally positive towards your country is deeply in your country 's pockets ? 
  russia reacted that way because he was still friendlier than new government , and because he was a legitimately voted president . 
  the elections were 6 months away , and he even agreed to conduct earlier elections - but maidan crowd somehow decided that waiting for 3 months is too long . 
  russia always viewed whatever happened in kiev after maidan as a coup , so that was their reaction . 
  and yes , yanukovich was more in favor of russia than the people coming after him . 
  most loud voices of maidan who subsequently filled the parliament were the remnants of the orange revolution ( like yulia ) or people having the same views . 
  but all of that does n't mean that he was a kremlin agent or bought by putin . 
  he was a ukrainian crook , stop shifting blame . 
   ukraine was in the hand of russia for decades under janukovic . 
  if yanukovich was so deep in russia 's pocket , ukraine would 've been in eurasian economic union ( putin 's pet project ) long time ago , along with belarus and kazakhstan . 
  yanukovich actively resisted that , trying to sit on two chairs , getting cooperation with both eu and russia at the same time . 
  if he was just a pawn , he 'd follow kremlin 's orders much , much more . 
  the only master yanukovich had was his own money . 
  he was a crook and a corrupt piece of shit , but he certainly was n't exclusively pro-russian , he was pro-yanukovich . 
  3 posts above :  the bear wanted the entirety of ukraine now :  i did n't say russia wanted to occupy the whole of ukraine . 
  you really did say that . 
  unless you meant some other ` bear ' . 
  i do n't support him , but thanks for your input , your frenzied point of view is appreciated . 
  i actually agree with this statement . 
  we ourselves do it all the time , and only brainfrozen guys like / u/psilokinesis have an issue with that . 
   go after his cronies and his money they did just that with sanctions . 
  did n't work . 
   instead of building new north streams , look for alternatives to russian gas and oil to embargo russia first , north stream is not only profiting russia , it 's profitable for eu . 
  noone likes to have the goods they paid for not appear just because some middleman decided he was n't paid enough , which is why this pipeline was initially created , to decrease the role of transit countries on the safety of the gas shipment . 
  second , the alternatives are scarce . 
  main alternative would be middle east , mostly saudi arabia . 
  i understand that ukrainians would rather fund the devil than russia , but i strongly suspect that not all eu people would like that . 
  being dependent on russia 's supply and dealing with it from time to time is much less problematic than being dependent on middle eastern supply and dealing with them . 
  remember the oil crisis of 1977-78 ? 
  saudis are in position to do much more damage to eu than russia ever will be upon the countries that rely on their fossil fuels . 
  so while i understand your intentions , it 's not that simple - and mostly it 's not that fast to implement all those changes . 
  it 's not enough to issue a trade embargo on russia and watch it collapse , because it will have a huge cost for eu itself , and why would they want to hurt themselves only to damage some bully ? 
   estonia has a very recent history of it 's own language taking precedence that was only supplanted at the behest of soviet bootheels . 
  this gives them a vested interest in maintaining the integrity of their country against a state which explicitly practiced cultural cleansing and mass deportation to ensure the subservience of it 's conquered people . 
  i completely understand that . 
  but the methods they chose to enforce that are akin to apartheid , and not really suitable for a modern enlightened democratic country . 
  that 's the difference . 
  do you really think if that exam is so easy as the baltics state , and if the people will learn it as a part of earning their citizenship , they would really speak it in day-to-day life ? 
  no , people will still speak english and russian . 
  this exam changes nothing for preserving the language , but it does irritate a lot of people . 
   the soviet occupation of the baltics began 70 years ago and involved intense and recent repression of the occupied nations culture , government and language . 
  occupation of the baltics was really mild in comparison to what brits did to ireland and scotland ( unlike the stalin repressions later ) . 
  there was no prolonged war , there were no constant rebellions - and there was no even equivalent to ira . 
  i also remind you that the baltics did n't suffer stalin for 50 years - after his death it was a pretty good place , generally better than the rest of ussr , without repressions or deportations or any other horrors . 
  yes , russification took place , and i do n't support it , but now they are doing baltification instead - simply said , they follow in the steps of the culture they hated so much . 
  and in the end the baltics also were let go non-violently , much like ireland you spoke of . 
  and seeking peaceful solutions does n't work if only one side does it . 
  there never was any intent , however distant , to rectify relations from the baltics , their whole external policy for the last 20 years was to distance themselves from russia as much as they can ( not that i blame them , but it 's not a friendly gesture , do n't you think ? ), 
  - why can russia maintain really amicable relations with , say , finland ( which we had wars with and which supported our arch-nemesis ) , armenia and khazakhstan , but not with the baltic states ? 
  because it takes two to dance tango . 
  of course , i do n't imply that russia was really forthcoming , but the intent of the baltics is crystal clear ; if they tried to mend relations , i 'm fairly sure they would 've been much better now . 
   if you refuse to accept estonia 's rights to do as it pleases because it opposes your politics but support 2 provinces in ukraine 's right to secession because they 're sponsored by the kremlin i do n't refuse to accept estonia 's rights `` to do as it pleases '' ( though i do n't see anything inherently bad about it - various countries always meddled in other countries ' affairs , just look at the clusterfuck in the middle east now , or british colonies before , or spanish colonies even earlier ) . 
  i do n't support it , but accept it - i simply highlight why it can be seen in such a negative light . 
  in my opinion , any immigrant must follow the rules of the country he/she lives in , however stupid those rules are - but that does n't mean that you should keep silent about that stipidity . 
  and actually i do n't support 2 provinces right to secession . 
  i think the whole donbass situation should 've been avoided - and it could 've been avoided like it was in kharkiv and odessa provinces , by simple negotiation . 
  though i still support , and will support secession of the crimea , because it was effectively stolen from russia ( not without our own president participation , of course ) in 1991 , and its pleas for even some level of auto-regulation were unheard for 20 years . 
  and northern ireland joined uk peacefully ? 
  or scotland ? 
  they were completely separate countries before britain bulged in , no difference apart from the age . 
  yet you support spreading english language . 
  is n't that incredibly disingenuous to simply sweep away your own conquest and denounce others ? 
  anyway , forcefully taken or not , the baltics were a part of ussr . 
  if you follow all the conquests , then western half of ukraine must not follow ukrainian rules and conform with ukrainization just because it used to be part of poland . 
   no , i said it 's understandable if you want to force your own citizens to speak a language , and not understandable if you want to force somebody else 's citizens to do so . 
   i 'm not sure what was confusing about `` russification was a problem for a number of reasons but principally because it was russia forcing it 's language and culture on other nations over which it held influence . 
  this is estonia forcing it 's citizens to learn an acceptable level of estonian . '', 
  estonians were soviet citizens , thus your point does n't make any sense . 
  if it is ok for estonia to demand knowledge of the official language from their citizens , it 's also ok for ussr to demand knowledge of the official language from their , is n't it ? 
  we 're not talking about russification of poland , which was never in ussr , we 're talking about one of 15 soviet republics . 
   it 's because russia was forcing it 's language , culture and entire system of government and doing things on another country . 
  again , it was not russia forcing another country . 
  it was ussr forcing its own citizens . 
  i actually agree with you that forcing the culture on people is bad , and i do n't understand why other countries do n't learn from our mistakes . 
  your other points also talk about how russia influenced other countries . 
  but ussr was a single federal country . 
  baltic states , ukraine , belarus , kazakhstan , armenia and others were akin to your wales , scotland and northern ireland , not countries outside your border . 
  i repeat , if we 'd talk about russification of poland , hungary , bulgaria or romania , i 'd agree that your point is correct . 
  but we 're not . 
  demanding language knowledge for certain positions is something i fully agree with - if you 're going to work with people , you damned better know the most widespread languages in the country . 
  see how canada has most of the job offers only for bilingual people . 
  demanding that you know a certain language just to vote for the government is another matter entirely . 
   russification was a problem ... because it was russia forcing it 's language and culture on other nations over which it held influence  i 'm in favour of stricter language requirements on immigrants to learn and practice an acceptable level of english .
