  well , imagine yourself starting paying double for gas just for the ` peace of mind ' . 
  and the funny thing is , even if poland stops buying the gas from russia altogether , the ` peace of mind ' will never arrive . 
  to achieve the said ` peace of mind ' for poland only one thing needs to happen : russia must disappear in a puff of smoke . 
  without blinding emotions , was it the case some time in history ? 
  russian government likes to flaunt gas threats , but it never actually used cut gas supply or reneged on the contract with paying customers . 
  for russia , limiting gas supply in trade is the equivalent of using nukes in land warfare . 
  the fact that gas prices can become better with the gas terminal is true . 
  saying that pipeline gas is more expensive than lng from terminals is false . 
  if russia had decisive influence in ukraine 's politics , ukraine would 've been a signing member of the eurasian economics union , which is putin 's personal pet project . 
  yanukovich always tried to milk two cows at once - eu and russia - while lining up his own pockets . 
  so while russia had a certain influence in ukraine 's politics , it was more of a case of being a trade partner for about 50 % of the whole trade and a close wealthy neighbor - as much as the eu . 
   truth is we should just let go of countries that have such toxic leaders because they have zero interest in our project ... as in , you should just give up on the whole eu idea ? 
  because i 'm fairly sure over half the leaders of the member states could n't care less about it . 
  well , maybe the reason is whatever you do is aimed at alienating russia ? 
  if your politicians even explored the idea of co-existing without wild claims , i really doubt you 'd be made bad guys . 
  i mean , russia actually fought a war with finland , and finnish troops at least helped out with the siege of leningrad afterwards , parts of ex-finnish territory still are parts of russian federation today ( like karelia ) , but finns are not painted black even by our rabid media . 
  there 's no image of finland as a place where russians are hated , and it should be attributed to the level-headed policy of both countries . 
  lithuania strives to be a scandinavian country , why not act like a scandinavian country ? 
  there 's a difference between opening of islamic schools and importing imams and providing grounds for wahhabism , do n't you think ? 
  we have tons of islamic schools and imams in russia , with a huge muslim population , and somehow wahhabism only took root in chechnya and dagestan during the time when our government was weak . 
  i do n't recall of any wahhabism flourishing in tatarstan , where over two million muslims peacefully live . 
  do n't equate muslims with wahhabi . 
  ignore that guy , he 's clinically unable to articulate anything positive about russia . 
  and while we 're on the topic , even in ww2 the soviet military was never adopting the tactics popularized by ` enemy at the gates ' and similar movies . 
  kill/loss ratios were very similar on both eastern and western fronts , it 's just that eastern was that much larger . 
  it 's inherent for any control . 
  you have to push people buttons , and common buttons for large number of people are pretty limited : disgust/hate , trust , fear , anger , anticipation/hype , envy , pride , greed ( and probably several more ? ), 
  - and some of them are easier to push via mass media , like pride , anger and fear . 
  that 's why all the governments , however benevolent , are pushing down fear/anger in addition to patriotic pride . 
  nah , it 's different on many levels . 
  the gas must flow , and he who controls the valve , controls the heat . 
  so yea , there 's a matter of ongoing control involved , like increasing price tag to show your disaffection or giving discounts for political/economical favors . 
  with nuclear plants it 's different . 
  rosatom can build the plant , and can even maintain it , but it 's pretty easy to get the consumables elsewhere , and even maintenance can be taken over by the local specialists ( which can be a problem in certain asian countries , but not a problem at all in europe ) . 
  so inherently it 's a `` buy once '' good vs `` subscription-based '' service . 
  no , i mean uncovering dirt on power figures . 
  investigative journalists do a lot of dubious and barely legal stuff to get their information . 
  yes , i agree there 's a clear distinction between actually breaking & entering and digging through trash cans , and hacking is illegal , but still , why is the focus of the public on the act itself rather than the contents ? 
  i mean , were n't the people who were hurt by this hacking those who proclaimed `` if you have nothing to hide , you should not fear mass surveillance '' ? 
  hacking is only legal if those in power do it - so convenient to be have the legislative power . 
  it used to be called `` investigative journalism '' . 
  now it 's called `` hacking '' and `` influencing the elections '' , if the results of said hacking are not what the mainstream media wants . 
  just imagine for a second that some truths about trump were uncovered by some hacker group . 
  of course those would be lauded as heroes guarding the democracy from being taken over by this monster . 
   woah there cowboy , where exactly am i saying that life in russia is getting worse ? 
  it certainly got better . 
  it usually does , that 's how world economy works . 
  this whole thread in the post is about ` regressive nature of russian politics ' . 
  regression = getting worse . 
  so i was answering to the thread topic . 
  i also never attributed the improved qol to the strongman position or even our government . 
  i just find it odd that people are keen on blaming the governments for anything , but praising them for nothing . 
  i mean , if a president/queen/chancellor / whoever is responsible for all the shit that happens in a country , does n't it make them responsible for all the good stuff , too ? 
  on the topic of the government i , for one , can see that ours is both competent and corrupt , which is bad , but still a welcome change from both incompetent and corrupt . 
  i 'd welcome competent and non-corrupt government , of course , but that 's not realistic , not in ten years . 
  and if you have to choose between corrupt & competent and pure & incompetent , i 'd rather choose the former , because the latter ( in my personal opinion ) would be even more disruptive . 
  from my point of view , the western people are slaves to their delusions about democracy and freedom at a much higher level , especially as they rarely have those . 
  but i 'm just a slave , i ca n't have an opinion that master race has . 
  whatever , there 's no sense in arguing with a person who slams the labels on the whole nationalities with such an ease . 
  thank you for your insightful opinion . 
   the russian people have got to be some of the most subservient people on the planet so long as they 're serving other russians . 
  here we go again , `` slave mentality '' etc. 
  nothing new . 
  the tension with the government was growing up until the ukraine . 
  then we saw what happens when you overthrow the government and even the people who still hate putin noped away from ideas of riots/revolutions . 
   ` implying that russia is a special case and it requires a strongman to keep things stable ' - narrative brought to you by the state media , controlled by a strongman . 
  stop putting words in my mouth , please . 
  foreigners ' fixation on putin is annoying , really . 
  it was not exclusively putin who had achieved that . 
  while in the last years his rating skyrocketed ( mostly due to the foreign policy ) , overall he 's not worshiped , but considered an effective and charismatic ( if shady ) manager , which is a very welcome change after a very long streak of incompetents ruling the country . 
  common people deserve the most praise for decreasing the corruption , but somehow the west ca n't even fathom that . 
  despite what some fanatics say , there 's no term `` putin 's russia '' in russian language , do you know that ? 
   every post-soviet state underwent the 90s you are talking about . 
  funny how democracies moved forward and mostly talk about the 90s in terms of fights for independence , while russia remembers the horrible time because out of all the post-soviet states , the 90s with rampant banditism and flourishing of mafia were felt mostly in russia , kazakhstan and ukraine ( even in belarus the effect was much milder ) - the most wealthy parts of the former union , where there was something very valuable to steal and own . 
  being a democracy is not a pre-requisite for not having to suffer - just look at ukraine , which changes its whole course via democratic elections every 5 years or so ( well ... before 2015 that is , when they preferred military coup ) . 
  of course , if you consider only the enlightened baltics the true democracies , then your argument is solid , i guess . 
  but really , governing a ten - or hundred-million country is on the whole different level of complexity than the one where the whole population is less than a district of moscow . 
  and that 's not denigrating , it 's just that the complexity increases with the number of people , size , production capabilities and total economy size . 
   no , the reason wwii started was because france , great britain and russia were vindictive assholes , leading to the next generation of pricks like hitler and staling trying to reclaim lost glory . 
  well , honest thanks to including france and gb in the list , but kinda strange to see you exclude germany itself . 
  because , however you spin it , germany has started the war . 
  and yet again i see that `` hitler and stalin '' together , as if ussr wanted that war . 
  do you know that stalin had a nervous breakdown and had n't been seen for 2 days after the hostilities started ? 
  ussr was n't ready for a war , all the annexations were a stalling mechanism , and the result of this unreadiness is seen in the combat failures in 1941-1942 . 
  if ussr were ready , it could start offensive wars ( mind you , history does n't acknowledge `` what if '' statements ) , i think stalin had the balls , but not in the late 1930s or early 1940s , not by far . 
  the whole premise of the war was defensive in nature , even if part of the defense was occupying nearby states to slow down the enemy . 
   stop trying to play the victim all the time and own your bullshit like everyone else does . 
  i 'm not playing victim , but really ca n't see how `` everyone else '' owns up their bullshit . 
  stalin is a butcher for ` holodomor ' , but churchill starving indians in exactly the same manner is somehow not . 
  ussr was invaded and lost over 20 million people , including a huge number of people to nazi purges , yet half the globe thinks that uk and usa have won the war , and nazi were targeting mainly jews ( there were 3 times less jews killed by nazi than soviet people ) . 
  mind you , after the war was over , the role has changed . 
  then ussr was the aggressive state , forcing the ideology on half the europe ; but even then , just remember that before 1950s soviet tanks in germany were the only reason for usa not to nuke the hell out of the soviet union . 
  what came after ( the whole domination of the eastern europe by military means ) is by far the biggest mistake soviet leaders made , and one of the reasons why the union had collapsed in the end . 
  that damage is irredeemable . 
  yea yea , strong hints like `` he might be a paid shill , but i do n't accuse anyone '' coming from a guy in the baltics is nothing new . 
  every time anyone is not 100 % negative about russia , someone comes to chime in how that 's brainwashing . 
  ca n't you grasp the idea that life in russia improves , despite what the liberal media is telling ? 
  i can disagree with a lot of stuff our government does , from crackdown on morals , capitalistic church promotion , half-way meddling in donbass to taking away half of our pensions ; but i can not reject that life becomes better over the years . 
   everything you hear from sarkat11 is exactly what being told to us by tv and internet ( yes , thats a thing in russia ) propaganda i do n't even have tv at home , it 's just a source of lies , \u0437\u043e\u043c\u0431\u043e\u044f\u0449\u0438\u043a ( zombie-box ) as we call it . 
  and i do n't need propaganda to tell me how much better stuff is now .
