  that depends on what you mean by ` escalate things ' . 
  direct military action against turkey ? 
  of course not , it 's not the way of civilized beings to retaliate in full force for an isolated incident . 
  expanding your activities in the contested region and getting economic revenge ? 
  that 's precisely what 's going on . 
    you also allude to the ` false flag ' operation . 
  i guess that the bombings of civilian buildings and hospitals , and the whole kidnapping business were also false flags by fsb ? 
  the militants ( including kadyrov ) did a lot of shit and had to be stopped . 
   russian federation , at the most optimistic case scenario , had let some incidents to happen and used them as an excuse to invade chechnya with a government that had nothing to do with the incidents , and even offered a crackdown on the warlords that are responsible or accused of these very incidents . 
  rf ` allowed ' those ` isolated incidents ' just to use it in their vile plans ? 
  sounds like the whole `` 9/11 was allowed by fbi & cia '' to me . 
  maybe rf allowed the other terror acts too , including tram explosion last year and plane this year ? 
  why the hell would rf ` allow ' the terror acts ? 
  it 's not like it needed some justification to use the forces at that time . 
   but no , chechnya is not a safe or a good place for living ; that rape , torture , kidnappings , and other crimes or human rights violations are not just widespread and systematical but also committed by the ruling body itself that is backed by one of the strongest country 's in the world , and as place that no law is present other than the kadyrov himself . 
  huh , really ? 
  i visited grozny two times in the past 5 years ( for friends ' weddings ) , and while i saw some things that were out of place , like widespread use of machine-gun fire as a celebration device , and extremely clan-based power structure ( from what i could see and hear ) , it was not a land where rape , torture and kidnappings are systematic - people were mostly polite and friendly , you would n't find that in the oppressed land of terror , and their small-talk was about which cars are best and which clothes to wear , not about how to leave the state or just spouting propaganda out of fear . 
  by the way , both times i went there i did n't feel unsafe - of course , i had the local guy escorting me , but all my initial fears were unsubstantiated . 
  i do n't doubt that kadyrov 's rule is a harsh one , but i think your claim is a bit over-exaggerated . 
  awful things happen to those displeasing the warlord ? 
  no doubt . 
  they are systematic ? 
  really doubt . 
  do you actually live there now ? 
   but objectively speaking they were horrible people of course , i do n't even think to argue that . 
  just explain the background . 
  thanks for the insight , some details i did n't know . 
  they still do n't change a lot , but at least you separate the state and the militant groups , i should 've made more effort for that , too . 
  i actually really pity the chechen civilians who were caught in the crosshairs of that war . 
  the militants ( \u0431\u043e\u0435\u0432\u0438\u043a\u0438 ) were mostly not of the same cloth . 
  the problem is the conflict was between two local powers - russian government/military and the islamist militants ( many of whom were imported to chechnya , it 's evidenced by great skill in minelaying and sabotage operations that chechen natives had nowhere to obtain ) . 
   and the invasion had planned before the war of dagestan . 
  of course it was . 
  all military operations are planned ahead . 
  even now we have plans for nuclear war , or alien landing , or the rise of the old gods . 
  it does n't mean that all the plans that the military is saber-rattling are given a ` go ' . 
  not long ago the military claimed that it would take 2 weeks to take kiev and they have plans for it - look , a year later kiev is still there . 
  you also allude to the ` false flag ' operation . 
  i guess that the bombings of civilian buildings and hospitals , and the whole kidnapping business were also false flags by fsb ? 
  the militants ( including kadyrov ) did a lot of shit and had to be stopped . 
   on the other hand , russian federation had kadyrovtsy as the ally in the second chechen war , and ruling the chechnya by kadyrov and his paramilitaries that are known for murder , torture , rape , kidnapping and other numerous crimes and human right abuses . 
  i would be ashamed to even open my mouth when it comes to these issues , if i were you . 
  of course , the other militants were angels in comparison !, 
  they did the same and more , but were bought by the different country , that 's all there is to it . 
  kadyrov is not chosen for his shining personality , he 's simply the warlord that could be bought and stays bought , and who can keep order ( = keep the foreign militants out ) . 
  he 's the scum and i never alleged that he 's not , but appeasing one of those villains is much better than starting third chechen war , do n't you think ? 
  the same principle why saddam , being an absolute awful piece of shit , kept his country in check better than democratically elected nothingness now . 
  it 's not about common citizens , it 's about the imported radical islamists who flow freely . 
  do you really think that some noble peaceful figure could be a head of chechnya , when it got influx of foreign militants and funded from the ( i guess ) saudi pockets ? 
  no way , it was either those militants or russia-bought militants . 
  i think it 's high time for kadyrov to go now , he played his part , but at that moment there was no other way , really , if you did n't want to continue the conflict . 
  i really think that chechnya today is a much better and safer place to live in than the one of 1990s . 
  do you disagree ? 
  ca n't give you proof right now , it would mean picking up newspapers from 15 years old . 
  if you want to disregard my claim because of it , please do . 
   so you are saying in the first chechen war russia used only '' police '' and not military to attack chechens of course not . 
  there was infantry and some tanks and even some planes , but it 's widely known that police force ( omon , akin to swat in usa ) from st. petersburg and other places were moved there , as the military forces were just conscripts , and the police were better trained for urban operations ( and still widely inappropriate in the war zone ) . 
  first chechen war was also a very wierd war , where military was not allowed to work as they wanted to - no hitting valuable objects like the oil refinery , not giving authorization to pursue the militants when those were dispersed in the worst times etc. 
  it was a clusterfuck and mostly used by russian side to grab some money ( like the notoriously ` vanished ' 2 billions of cash and assets sent by train that noone ever found ) . 
  our ex-oligarchs played a huge role in the result of the first war . 
   turkey had the right . 
  well , during the cuban missile crisis , the soviet commander of the sub not only had the right , but the obligation to start shooting nukes . 
  he showed restraint , and the world is better because of it . 
  even nato says that turkey was trigger-happy , and there 's no love lost between that bloc and russia . 
   its only after russia had completely disregarded this and launched the second chechen war did people there become much more radical . 
  there were terrorist acts and rampant kidnappings even before the first chechen war , and after they were only escalated . 
  do you even know why the second chechen war started ? 
  because `` peaceful '' chechen republic , which got its de-facto independence and had its own self-governance , invaded neighboring dagestan with military after proclaiming creation of the islamic caliphate . 
  they already proved to be ultra-radical before russia restarted the war , and this time it brought not just police officers , but actual military , and started with destruction of the oil refinery ( = main source of chechen income ) and other valuable assets . 
  i really hope you just did n't know the facts rather than willfully twisting the history . 
   stalin . 
  ruthless murderer , more people died because of him than because of hitler . 
  and yet some russians see him as positive figure . 
  why ? 
  because official now portrait his victims as `` necessary sacrifices to save russian nation '' . 
  stalin was literally worshiped in his time . 
  did you know that more than a thousand people died while attending his funeral simply by being crushed and stomped in the crowd ? 
  millions came to pay respects . 
  he was the type of leader that north korea wishes it had , people died in the war with the battlecry `` for motherland !, 
  for stalin ! '', 
  in the war . 
  the common attitude was `` he does everything for us , for all the wrongs those near him should be blamed '' . 
  it was not before his death and when khrushchev aimed to put an end to the cult of personality and unveiled his crimes when the population even learned about that . 
  now imagine you lived through the war with the image of a mighty leader , and then his successor calls him a murderous thug . 
  would all people turn 180 at once ? 
  and those people would have kids . 
  so those are the people who support stalin still , mostly elderly . 
  of course there 's another type of people who now approve of stalin - youngsters who eagerly dismiss any crimes with the handwave `` they must have deserved it '' and `` at least there was peace '' . 
  it 's the same twist of mind that enlists people into neo-nazi groups . 
  general attitude towards those who say that stalin did nothing wrong is either `` senile irrelevant grumpy babushka '' or `` weirdo '' . 
  it 's not because of official attitude , which is really mild - for instance , there are as many tv documentaries supporting stalin as those unveiling his crimes and purges stalin , and as you know tv is controlled by the government . 
  it 's not as one-shaded thing as you make it out to be . 
  i feel for you . 
  putin is also not as widely loved by russians as the west seems to imply . 
  we do support him , because he 's the best one from the crop , but it 's not an insane love or fanaticism . 
  many are looking forward someone milder , even if from the same camp , like medvedev was . 
  ok , russia was warned , and the plane was shot down . 
  that is understandable . 
  why then are you so surprised that russia reacts to it ? 
  is it the game where `` if i warn you to punch you for your insults beforehand , you should n't punch me back , it would be unfair '' ?
