  imagine for a second that a part of poland ( say , podalskie ) becomes a part of belarus - peacefully . 
  poles living there do n't want to be considered belarussians , they have their national identity , and they want to secede . 
  yet they are denied . 
  then all their self-governance rights are removed and they are told that they are a part of unified belarus . 
  then belarus completely neglects all the needs of that region for 20 years , and when local unrest happens , some thugs are shipped to the region to incite fear in the local population . 
  and later some `` wise '' guy from the internet comes and says `` they are in belarus , they are none of poland 's business . 
  if they want to live in poland , they should just move there '' . 
  of course , abandoning your home is the best way to settle this . 
  but it 's not really possible to relocate 90 % of the district 's population . 
  it 's not like they suffered daily to leave like fugitives or asylum-seekers , of course not - it 's just that their identity was shattered and their voices were n't heard . 
  the attitude `` if you want to live in another country - emigrate ! '', 
  is a very popular one . 
  why did n't poles emigrate from the eastern europe when they were a part of the warsaw pact if they hated ussr so much ? 
  there were possibilities to do that , many took it , but most stayed . 
  the iron curtain in poland was nowhere near the strength of the one in the ussr or eastern germany ... but somehow most people preferred to stay and go on with their lives , because it 's where their home is . 
  and it 's true everywhere . 
  people are keen to live in their homes . 
  they just want their homes to be governed by people who listen to them . 
  was n't it the reason why ex-soviet republics were so keen to leave the union ? 
  why do you deny crimeans that ? 
   as you know america had nothing to do with ukraine or georgia oh , sweet summer child . 
  of course america is blameless , it 's not like its favorite past-time over the last half a century was staging coups in foreign countries and training foreign military . 
  why would anyone suspect that they 're involved ? 
  they had absolutely nothing to do with that  why should russia 's neighbors bear the brunt of something that russia wants ? 
  because your own citizens are always more important than foreign citizens . 
  it 's true for any country in the world . 
  you 're a hypocrite if you tell me that 's not how you think . 
   also you in effect admit that the invasions of ukraine and georgia were about what russia wanted and not about anything the us did or did not do . 
  oh my god , i unveiled a terrible secret : countries do what they do because of something they want !, 
  please , alert the media !, 
  how come ukraine never had any problems with invasions before they got a coup with nazi parties spearheading it proclaiming to ban russian language and promising to bring `` trains of friendship '' to crimea again ? 
  how come russia did n't invade ukraine when it had orange revolution a decade ago ? 
  i 'd say that something ... err ... encouraged russia to act harshly , do n't you think ? 
  it 's naive to think that russia would not react to usa meddling right at the border , especially with the country russia has spent tens of billions of dollars to not let it sink into anarchy . 
  i do n't think that maidan was created by the us , but i do think that without their meddling it would n't turn violent , the president would 've still been ousted , the elections later would still get poroshenko on his throne - but there would n't be any problems with crimea or donbass . 
  imagine for a second - peaceful protests start in mexico . 
  then dmitry medvedev and head of fsb suddenly visit it - completely innocent , unrelated visits , after which the protests suddenly turn violent , the government is overthrown , and the new government , formed with the inclusion of drug cartel people , proclaims ban to everything american and orientation towards cooperation with russia . 
  are you sure the usa would simply say `` well , that 's ok , it 's their sovereign right to do whatever they want to do '' ? 
  i somehow really , really doubt it . 
  and usa is the most powerful country on earth , they are not threatened in any way . 
  but all of that is irrelevant , is n't it ? 
  what matters is that you still consider russia to be the same country that 's killing people wholesale , the same that ussr was 60 years ago . 
  do n't you see that your favorite protector is much closer to that ussr than our country is ? 
  how many civilians died to russia 's aggression ? 
  and how many civilians died to nato members ' aggression ? 
  bloodless takeover of crimea is lauded as an ultimate crime , while training terrorists and invading countries with 5-6 figure casualty lists is considered bringing democracy . 
   poland is afraid of russia because russia is in the habit of invading poland and killing a lot of people and now putin has started invading countries like poland again . 
  and why does putin feel the need to invade neighboring countries ? 
  because he 's a maniac , i guess ... or because both european countries that russia has invaded in the last 25 years had been strummed up by the usa ? 
  georgian military was trained by the usa , and saakashvili was very trigger-happy to use his new army , and was fully convinced that if russia actually fought back , america would have his back ( naive fool ) - his requests for american intervention are well documented . 
  ukrainian coup ( it really was n't revolution , unlike it was lauded - nothing has changed afterwards , so it was a simple coup ) was only possible because a peaceful maidan protests became violent - right after top american politicians , including mccain , nuland and the head of cia visited the country . 
  those people never showed any interest in visiting the country when it was peaceful , funny , eh ? 
  so , well , if your country starts getting violent after visit from some american `` world-changers '' , you might have something to fear . 
   russia has a lot of land . 
  if they want a buffer zone then pull their military back from their border as far as they want this buffer zone to be . 
  yea , right , and leave all the cities where 60 % of the population lives to the invaders . 
  why should they suffer ? 
  poland also has a lot of land . 
  why not share it with glorious arstotzka ? 
  well , have you tried to look at the thing from the opposite side ? 
  russia has to maintain a huge army , because the west has a habit of invading russia and killing off a huge chunk of its population . 
  it happened in 1240 , in 1609 , in 1812 , in 1918 and 1941 . 
  many , many times over the ages , and the closer to modern times , the more frequent and devastating those invasions were . 
  so it 's a mutual escalation . 
  poland is afraid of russia because russia is afraid of nato . 
  because , you know , there 's a whole alliance next to its door that was created with a sole purpose of defeating russian military , and whose members ( including poland ) are waging offensive wars non-stop in the countries that do n't pose any immediate threat to them - so much for the ` defensive ' alliance . 
  you have n't answered a single of my questions , yet again throw some op-ed pieces to me . 
  have you thought for a second that there can be a different point of view ? 
  that probably not all is shiny in that mighty georgia if the whole district wants to separate ? 
  i know that when chechnya wanted independence , russia was in dire state , so no surprise there . 
  why do you automatically assume that russia is the only real culprit here , why ca n't you understand that both ossetians and crimeans feel more support from russia than from the states they were ( and are , in case of ossetians ) a part of ? 
   let me guess . 
  it 's all propaganda i 'm fairly sure that if i post russian articles with opposite views , you will call it all propaganda . 
  probably no , it 's not propaganda . 
  but it 's definitely only showing one point of view , the one that resonates with the audience . 
  there 's no market in showing russia as benevolent or even neutral , there is , however , a market in showing russia as an imperialistic aggressor . 
  even though it 's proved by the independent european commission that georgia started aggression back in 2008 , and the historical fact that russian armed forces retreated back after destroying georgian army , without taking the capital or ousting the unfriendly leader ( like you-know-who would 've done ) , you are still blaming russia for everything . 
  both georgia and ukraine shell civilian districts with indiscriminate artillery barrages , that 's considered ok and fully justified by the benevolent west , because they are fighting off foreign aggression . 
  when russia did the same in chechnya - it was painted black , as a militaristic state crushing down on freedom fighters . 
  double standards are ingrained in the western media no less than in russian , and it 's nothing new , really . 
  so no , that 's not propaganda . 
  it 's just a position that only shows whatever sells . 
  when in doubt - just blame russia , it 's much easier that way , consumers resonate with simple answers . 
  stop calling names , please , it makes you sound like an angsty teen and not a polite person interested in discussion . 
  ussr also announced that the policies towards eastern europe were a mistake , it was done in various times between 1987 and 1989 . 
  it also decided to dissolve itself as a direct continuation of that attitude , admitting that the policies were wrong . 
  if killing your own country peacefully , without external pressure , is not an admission of mistakes made , then i do n't know what is . 
  germany had to admit their wrongdoings after it was beaten to a pulp and occupied , not because it simply decided to do so . 
  i guess you prefer to ignore it . 
  oh , and ask greece now how they love germany for their ` live and let live ' attitude . 
  you do n't need to annex the countries when you can dictate their policies from afar . 
  germany 's guns are not shooting bullets , they are shooting things like austerity now . 
  i 'm totally sure that austerity ruined more lives than crimean annexation did . 
  by the way , citing opinion pieces as a source of information is nice , but not constructive . 
  i can cite a dozen opinion pieces that blame georgia , and saakashvili personally , for the conflict , how his mismanagement and over-reliance on the usa military resulted in that conflict . 
  georgia is still not aligned with russia , but somehow the president responsible for the debacle is now a wanted person in his own country , no wonder he miraculously considers himself a ukrainian now . 
   nope , people are blaming russia for the very well deserved shit they should be blamed for . 
  absolutely nobody is blaming `` everything '' on russia , we 're just blaming you for being asshole bullies , for annexing others , ** for implementing ruthless dictatorial regimes throughout eastern europe etc. 
  ** errm ... what kind of ruthless dictatorial regimes throughout eastern europe did russian federation implement ? 
  i also wonder why do you blame us for annexation as if it 's some ultimate evil .
