  at the same time , in the center of kyiv , the `` peaceful demonstrations '' caused over 100 casualties , and it 's backed by the west . 
  i hope you do n't mean the ultranationalist crimean tatars and that funny organization mejlis ( who are not even representative of all crimean tatars , shocking , right ? 
  ) , they are not common citizens , they are political activists , who actually did acts close to terror - cutting off crimea from electricity lines so that common people would suffer . 
  if you count together the total number of people who directly suffered under russian rule of crimea because of politics ( including mild offense like warranted search in an apartment ) , you would n't even get over 50 people . 
  meanwhile , ukrainian army straight killed off over 1000 of their own civilians nearby , before any reports of russian materiel came . 
  let that sink for a second , please . 
   in syria all foreign countries are cooperating to fight isis . 
  that 's the goal . 
  do you support isis ? 
  even russia hates isis . 
  funny , but us goal in syria is not isis alone or even first - it 's major goal is to remove assad ( a democratically elected ruler , who is still supported by half the country ) , which is repeated ad nauseum by the us speakers . 
  battling isis is secondary to that . 
    if it was in russian interests , both donetsk and lugansk would 've been annexed in 2014 , and noone could 've done anything about it . 
   thanks for proving that russia is a war mongering state . 
  this discussion is over . 
  proof of russia being a war mongering state is that it did n't annex territories outside of crimea even though it had the ability . 
  i guess just because i have a dick but do n't use it without consent , it automatically proves that i 'm a rapist ... does n't it ? 
  nice logic !, 
   why is russia invading another country ? 
  why is russia sending weapons to pro russian separatists in ukraine ? 
  the absolute same reason why eu countries and usa are sending weapons and training troops in the middle east or in europe ( remember kosovo ) : because it 's in the interests of their countries . 
  russia is not interested in ukraine joining nato , or even keeping its current government , so it does what it can to disrupt that . 
  also , it has a moral high ground - pro russian separatists did n't start shelling kyiv , they were indiscriminately shelled by their own country just because they did n't support the armed coup in the capital ; but ultimately , even the moral high ground is a moot point . 
  there was not a single civil war in history ( well , that may be an exaggeration , but at least 99 % of them ) without some kind of foreign help for one or both of the sides . 
   your apologetic rhetoric is pathetic . 
  you even admit russia is supplying weapons that kill people in a foreign country . 
  it 's not even in crimea . 
  it 's in ukraine 's territory . 
  yup , i admit it . 
  right now there are at least 4 other conflicts on earth where the west does absolutely the same , and considers it right , just and not anyone else 's business . 
  syria alone has a much higher scale of foreign intervention . 
  do you condemn that , too ? 
  if not , you 're a hypocrite , if you do , then you 're an idealist . 
   is russia going to `` peacefully '' annex donetsk as well ? 
  i very highly doubt it , if it was in russian interests , both donetsk and lugansk would 've been annexed in 2014 , and noone could 've done anything about it . 
  avdiivka is not in crimea . 
  it 's not even on the border with russia . 
  it 's a small village on the northern outskirts of donetsk , within one of two rebelling districts . 
  take note that the whole separatist movement is still battling within their own districts 3 years later . 
  would n't you battle whoever was shelling your own city ? 
  separatists are not russian en masse . 
  they do have help from russia , but they are mostly ukrainian with a deep splurge of intenational mercenaries . 
  hence the name , separatists - people who want to separate from ukraine ; russians do n't need to separate from ukraine , they are already in a different country . 
  ukraine is not in a de facto war with russia . 
  it still trades , it still maintains contact , its own president still has factories in russia . 
  it just makes a fuss as if it 's in a war , to explain the failures of its government . 
  if ukraine has more good news about its economy , there would be no need for this farce - and i really hope they get it , as common ukrainians deserve good news , not this bullshit . 
  this is a publicity stunt to appease ultra-nationalists , and very unpopular in ukraine , too . 
  by closing off social networks to the whole population ( and not just , say , government employees ) you 're not stopping the intelligence feed , you 're just inciting unrest . 
  estonia still has a russian minority , who you probably do n't communicate with . 
  also , the whole population of the baltics is just very very small , so for statistics your countries can not make a huge influence . 
  even ukrainian or kazakhstan users of vk outnumber the whole population of the baltics by an order of magnitude ( might be exaggeration , but close to that ) . 
  that 's why vk is the facebook of post-soviet area , much like qzone is the facebook of china . 
  with that said , i live in moscow ( a city with over 15 million people ) , and about 80 % of people i communicate with use facebook , and not vk . 
  but i do understand that my personal evidence is anecdotal . 
  poland was n't a part of ussr . 
  vk is highly popular in 12 out of 15 former ussr republics ( 3 remaining are the baltic foster children ) , though in some ( like georgia ) it 's less popular than alternatives . 
  if you count by population , and not the country count , the percentage is much higher - the baltics are very small ( if loud ) . 
  to clarify , it 's a good anti-septic that is ubiquitous in russia , akin to iodine . 
  so it does its purpose pretty good . 
  it 's pretty hard to wash away though . 
  political usage is the same as throwing red paint on the furs , only without blood symbolism - it smears a person ( literally ) and makes life a bit awkward for them . 
  i believe his idea was that general russian population will not accept a liberal/libertarian head of state , and instead would opt for a hardliner . 
  putin is by far not the most oppressive guy even from his own inner circle , and the chances are high we 'd get someone even scarier , and not navalny . 
  navalny could make a moscow/spb mayor , because those two cities are in general more liberal . 
  i really doubt he 'd have overwhelming nation-wide support even without all the persecution . 
  it did n't quite went ` overdrive ' . 
  it 's business as usual here . 
  repressive laws just changed the direction , witch-hunts and crackdowns are way milder than they were in 2002-2005 . 
  state media became more aggressive though , true . 
  it just was not highlighted as much in the western media , because noone cared . 
  now that russia is a universal bad guy again , you picked up on that . 
  as someone who lives in moscow and works a lot with our far eastern colleagues , we also have a notion of `` do it before lunch before the far east goes to sleep '' . 
  one thing about delegating decision power to the local offices also has a lot to do with ( do n't laugh ) corruption . 
  not necessarily corruption of the people outside moscow , but definitely with the government representatives outside moscow . 
  moscow government officials are much more fearful to lose their place or to be reprimanded by their own authority and as a consequence are much less keen on taking bribes - and if they do , it 's for such huge amounts that the decision goes to business owners , definitely not to some regional manager . 
  while central corruption is certainly huge in pure amount , the common , low-level corruption in moscow is way lower than in places like ufa , vladivostok , tyumen or yakutsk ( oh do n't let me get started on yakutsk migration and customs officials , they are simply uniformed thugs ) - and those are large cities , smaller towns are even worse off . 
  edit : also one thing to note is that most large companies operating in moscow only employ a small minority of muscovites . 
  most of the employees are coming from all over the country , and they are not only no better , but often worse in relation to those outside moscow . 
  even the phrase '' \u043f\u043e\u043d\u0430\u0435\u0445\u0430\u043b\u0438 \u0442\u0443\u0442 '' can mostly be heard from immigrants who lived in moscow for 10 + years , and as such consider themselves original muscovites . 
   the ussr is in no way better than nazi germany . 
  both are equally worse . 
  in many ways better . 
  ussr existed for 70 years and was much , much larger in both area and population than nazi germany that existed for less than 20 years and if the total amount of victims of soviet regime would even be equal with nazi ( which is not , however you want to spin it - it 's customary to say that stalin killed off more people than hitler , but that is n't the case if you listen to historians and not propaganda ) , it still means that ussr was better . 
  but whatever the headcount , the basic premise matters the most : nazi germany planned to cull whole nations , using wanton genocide to promote the aryan race . 
  soviet state never had this goal , even if stalin used genocide as a method to achieve his targets - and later soviet rulers did without this atrocity . 
  this is the difference : for nazi germany the genocide was the goal , and if it won the war , then most of eastern european population would cease to exist on purpose . 
  pretty funny to hear that from a german , when the stereotype of germans is that you have no sense of humor at all . 
  i guess it 's also true , then ? 
  there 's plenty to laugh about , and even dark things like corruption are constantly laughed at . 
  that still is pretty funny , as russia and germany never had borders together . 
  if you check the whole history , you will see that ussr actually was opposed to germany several years before molotov-ribbentrop , and urged most european powers to limit hitler 's power trip . 
  as stalin clearly understood that soviet industry was not as good a german , and he 's just cleansed the red army , he was playing delaying tactics , to get advantage in both industrial and officer corps areas . 
  that 's why he started the winter war , that 's why he invaded poland - to create a buffer while he builds up forces ; and that 's why hitler planned on quick conquest , because only that would stop stalin from achieving his goals . 
  stalin was actually less aggressive in terms of `` flame of world revolution '' than his predecessors and party mates . 
  he still viewed eastern europe as the ussr sphere of influence , but in terms of wwii the conquests were meant to be deterrent for germany first and foremost - and if it was not for that , i think nazi would cleanse a hell of a lot more people than they actually did . 
  but i completely understand that it 's not an excuse for all the atrocities done by the monster that stalin was . 
   a few years later , however , stalin became a bit too ambitious . 
  it 's not as one-sided , actually . 
  please remember that certain american generals proposed to create a nuclear belt ( i.e.
