  people annexed are happier than before ( well , an overwhelming majority are ) , extensive modernization of the region that was ignored for decades by its previous government are done , but somehow a simple metric of people happiness is discarded in favor of cold laws ( which are not even laws ) . 
  russia did n't have the right to make people happier !, 
  would you be amicable if the crimean population kept suffering under the rule of the government that ignored it ? 
  i get it why ukraine is pissed off , but why is europe ? 
  it 's not like there 's any other place on earth like crimea , it is clearly a special situation , it does n't mean that russia is going to continue annexing territories - or half ukraine at the very least would 've already been russian . 
  but well , go on hating . 
  it 's not like we 're in the popularity contest . 
   yeah and nazi germany was n't germany etc. 
  errm , are you treating modern germany as the third reich still ? 
  but somehow you consider it 's correct to treat russia as ussr . 
  so we should despise romania for crimes done by antonescu ? 
  good to know . 
  i prefer to not live in the past , thank you very much . 
   this is n't something new with georgia , or crimea , bad , bad examples . 
  georgia was the aggressor in the conflict , and while there was intervention by the russian army , it retreated back in a week . 
  it did n't topple the antagonistic regime or even announce sanctions , just broke the georgian army that was shelling civilians . 
  and crimea was taken ( almost ) bloodlessly , was widely celebrated by the local population which still prefers to be in russia by a wide margin - with the exception of some borderline terrorist organizations like mejlis . 
   the easy way is to force them to love you you ca n't force people to love you , so it 's a much harder way . 
  the thing is , russia does n't need people to love it - it 's a nice perk , but ultimately useless . 
  but at least not blaming it for absolutely everything shitty in the world , like some of our less scrupulous neighbors do , would be better - blame us for something we do , not for everything else . 
  `` oh , look , our economy is in the shitter/corruption is rampant/people are leaving the country ... are we bad ? 
  it 's just russia 's fault ... somehow '', 
  russian federation is not ussr , you know . 
  ok , for one comment i will ignore all your ad hominem and calling me a brainwashed idiot . 
  i never allow that in a conversation usually , but ok , you seem to be really ... ahem ... passionate . 
   there is 0 chance our culture will disappear . 
  ok , if you believe that . 
  i wonder why do you try so hard to distance away from russian culture then ? 
  if there 's no threat from it , if it 's nothing alike , then why ? 
  you 're a part of eu , and its mainstay is multiculturalism . 
  the only logical reason is to protect your own culture - and it 's understandable , because there are really few bearers of it , purely numerical , and i fully support that desire - but claiming that it is n't the case bears question : why ? 
  i do n't see that attitude even in poland , and think that 's because polish culture is already well-established . 
   compare belarus and lithuania economically and you get the imagine why we do n't want to be close allies of russia . 
  so much maximalism . 
  do n't you think there 's a wide , wide gap between `` being close allies '' and `` being utter adversaries '' ? 
  finland , germany , france , bulgaria , china are not close allies with russia , but somehow are not adversaries . 
   there is no other side , baltics do n't want to have anything with russia , other than watching them how they 're waving dick to us , russia ca n't do anything . 
  yea , that 's why the first supporters of georgia ( who 's proven to be the aggressor back in 2008 ) and ukraine ( who burned their own civilians alive and praised it ) were from the baltics . 
  you do n't want to have anything with russia so much that you are rushing to support anyone outside your borders to do the same . 
  it 's not just ignoring russia , it 's being actively anti-russian . 
  just an example . 
  if i do n't want to have anything with , say , neo-nazis , i will avoid them , and maybe fight back if i 'm directly confronted . 
  but if i actively seek out anyone who 's against them , providing them support and pledging alliances with them , it makes me an anti-nazi activist , and not merely minding my own business . 
   russia is the one making big deal out of defensive alliance . 
  if it 's such a non-entity , then why did you join it and asked it for help so many times ? 
  and , i dunno , maybe it 's not that unreasonable to make a big deal out of ` defensive alliance ' that consists of ~ 40 % of the military might of the world that was founded with one reason - to fight your own country ? 
  especially if the members of the said alliance are known to wage offensive wars all over the globe . 
  yea , sure , stupid russia is simply over-reacting . 
    all these `` pay us for decades of occupation ''  never i have heard this , never i have seen this on tv or anything , nobody fucking cares about it , we just want to live our lives , we do n't live in past like russia does , piss off with your propaganda already . 
  oh , really ? 
  you do n't even know the facts of your countries diplomatic relationship and you call that our propaganda just to cover your own ignorance ? 
  do n't you know about [ this ] ( http://news.postimees.ee/3388405/baltic-countries-preparing-to-claim-occupation-damages-from-russia ) ? 
  latvia alone calculated the damages at over 300 billion euros , and already demanded that from russia in april 2016 . 
  the commission that calculated the damages is sponsored by the governments of the baltic countries and was active for over eleven years , ffs , it 's not just some quick populist move . 
  but i guess they do n't talk about it inside the baltics . 
  this is one of many examples of your governments going out of their way to proclaim how they despise russia because of something done to them in soviet times . 
  that 's almost a definition of butt hurt . 
  and you proclaim that your countries simply want to be left alone , huh . 
  and being independent from russian gas is actually something i completely support , because it 's based on economic needs , and not just building political capital . 
  that is actually not an action of butt hurt , that is completely level-headed decision , and , again , i fully support it . 
  the more options any sovereign country has , the better for everyone . 
    even though russia did nothing drastic towards the baltics  being enemy since middle ages ( xiv c. ) , blahblahblah way to edit comments !, 
  i 've said that russia did nothing drastic towards the baltics ** in the last quarter of a century ** . 
  if we go back to xiv century , we all have our grudges , europe is a very torn place in general . 
  you baltic patriots are so keen to scream about ussr crimes towards your population , and so keen to beat a dead horse , that you forget that russian federation is not ussr , even though some people wished it was like that . 
  russia nowadays is much closer to modern europe than to ussr , it 's a completely different country . 
  if you think it 's not , then it 's you who know nothing about it . 
  i 've lived both in ussr and rf , and they are nothing alike , even despite all this patriotic fervor . 
   your government - apes that sit at kremlin are reason why we are trying to distant ourselves as much as possible from russia . 
  you 're trying to distance yourselves from russia simply because you fear that your culture will be absorbed , not because of some talks from foreign politicians . 
  you are afraid that your self-identity , which you are still developing , will be smudged . 
  it saddens me greatly , that a significant chunk of that self-identity is being anti-russian , but it 's not something unique . 
  i think it 's really self-destructive to be identified by your hatred ( or at least utter intolerance ) towards someone or something . 
   we 're in nato and they 're not , so russian government is still butt hurt that they 're getting out matched by usa in everything other than nukes and that we 're on usa side . 
  while i agree that the russian government is still butt hurt , this is a game that both sides play . 
  while our government might not like what the baltics are , it 's nowhere near the level of butt hurt your government has towards russia . 
  all these `` pay us for decades of occupation '' and calling immigrants colonists , immediately supporting anyone who alienates russia regardless of who that is etc speaks volumes . 
  it 's not like russia feels threatened by the baltics - their stance is considered utterly annoying , but not more . 
  if the baltics disappear , there wo n't be any huge victory or relief in russia ; but if russia disappear , the baltics would rejoice and celebrate for decades - even though russia did nothing drastic towards the baltics ( other than some intimidation that never bears fruit , for which you answer with condemnations ) in the last quarter of a century . 
  if that 's not an indication of butt hurt , i do n't know what is . 
    there 's no image of finland as a place where russians are hated , and it should be attributed to the level-headed policy of both countries . 
   you must be blindly brainwashed if you believe russians in lithuania feel like being hated by everyone , my russian neighbour lives happy life and my childhood best friend was russian . 
  you misunderstood me . 
  i was n't speaking about russians in lithuania - they 've chosen to live there , i do n't really care about their feelings . 
  i was speaking of lithuania image inside russia . 
  we know pretty well the top russia-hating countries are basically the baltics , poland and western part of ukraine , the others ( like romania , czech republic etc ) do n't even come close . 
  it does n't mean that any russian citizen is hated there , but russian state certainly is . 
  hmm , what kind of `` more cost than just financial '' does , say , poland incur right now ? 
  it 's rabidly anti-russian in politics , and should be a prime target of all those `` non-financial costs '' , yet somehow still gets its gas on schedule , because it 's a good paying customer . 
  oh please , the baltics had really anti-russian foreign policy stance long before even georgian conflict , let alone any annexations in ukraine took place . 
  was there ever a documented issue of gazprom not selling the gas to any country that was willing to buy ? 
  i stress the word `` buy '' . 
  ukraine failed and delayed payments many times , it 's a very unreliable buyer . 
  many countries have harsh attitude towards russia , like poland and the baltic states , yet never had problems getting the gas . 
  prices might be different , but actual shipment for paying customers was never an issue . 
  free market in action . 
  ukraine is a very bad example here , as it 's one of the few countries that consistently fail to pay their bills . 
  a customer that has a history of non-payment and/or delayed payment and still demanding discounts higher than the top-notch aaa customer is a bad customer , however you want to spin it . 
  and while some less scrupulous politicians like to ` threaten ' europe with cutting the gas , it never happened and will not happen unless there are dire circumstances . 
  as an example , some russian politicians threaten to nuke everyone , yet the only country that actually used nukes is a completely different entity on the opposite side of the world .
