  i find it heartbreaking how people outside of russia think that . 
  of course there are some who worship stalin still , mostly older people who never saw any repressions . 
  but if communism and ussr are debatable , stalin himself is not considered a hero by a majority of people . 
   do you understand that the only reason that china 's not been as blood thirsty is because western dominance is what 's been keeping them in check ? 
  no , the main reason is that chinese supremacy , and the whole zhongguo shtick , were crushed by european powers twice . 
  so now they have a nation-wide ptsd when it comes to declaring china supreme . 
  of course they will bully the neighboring states . 
  every large wealthy country does that ( or at least has a history of doing that ) , no exceptions . 
  that 's called geopolitics . 
  yet while bullying is around , china right now is less militaristic than both us and russia . 
  i understand your concern because of the close proximity , but it is a simple fact . 
  how many wars did china participate in after wwii ended ? 
  how many governments did it topple ? 
  how many areas did it annex ? 
  it 's not that china is innocent or blameless . 
  it 's just that it 's calmer than the other top 10 nations . 
  why should i read chinese history books ? 
  if you read history books , every single country on earth was a bloodthirsty conqueror , if it existed a hundred years ago . 
  i mean , come on , switzerland was known for its elite mercenaries , is it the same as nowadays ? 
  maybe you should learn a bit of chinese history , too , doncha think ? 
  their whole ancient way of life was utterly destroyed first by opium wars era , then by granddad mao , then by the hunger . 
  then it was reinvented by dengxiaoping . 
  of course china will not be squeamish in crushing opposition . 
  of course it had things like tiananmen square massacre , and they can apply violence . 
  but the fact is that internationally china in the last century is far less bloodthirsty and violent than most countries of europe , let alone usa . 
  how many countries did china invade with military in the last 50 years ? 
  how many wars did it wage ? 
  they are pretty content with buffing up their economy , then science , then they will take steps to make their country a better place to live ( they 've already started laying foundation for that ) , and only after all that they will turn imperialistic ( which is inevitable , really ) . 
  but currently they prefer to buy stuff than to conquer it ; they have the 3rd largest military on earth , but who ever saw it beyond its borders ? 
  they are less militaristic than poland ffs !, 
  but if you want to dig in history anyway , china historically was never known for being a good conqueror . 
  on the opposite , china was conquered many times , and assimilated its conquerors in their culture - before it encountered european civilization , with an even stronger culture , science and industry . 
   not just buying the government , like the american yea , only americans do n't buy the governments , they fund the rebels and have those governments overthrown . 
  in bloody revolutions that are followed by a decade of misery . 
  by now usa bombed a fuckton of countries even after the cold war end , just to sate their hungering military industry , and it was china who rebuilt most of those places . 
  just check how africa turns out to be , with chinese companies building the basic infrastructure , while us is more concerned with color of a blue/gold dress . 
  i judge by deeds , not by potential . 
  i see that usa is willing to annihilate anyone simply because they can , and china prefers to buy in first , only resorting to violence if other methods fail . 
  please tell me which is preferable . 
  i 'm actually talking to ukrainians in kharkiv and odessa on a daily basis . 
  mostly they vehemently blame russia for being so inactive that they have to suffer the current government . 
  in 2015 i heard `` where the hell are your fabled tanks , did you just abandon us ? '', 
  too many times . 
  of course i understand that it 's just one point of view , and not even the most popular in ukraine . 
  but you forget that half the population actually opposed the current pro-western government and the lack of positive change it brought with it . 
  it 's cheaper to just buy the world then to nuke it . 
  china 's way to omnipotence is not ruining the world surrounding it , like america 's , it 's to become first omnipresent . 
  they simply do n't need to use the nukes . 
  are you for real ? 
  ' a wave of t90 ' in france is as possible in the next 10 years as a potent gendarmerie force willing to fight them off . 
  hint : currently both do n't even exist . 
   the world forgets that 's the key part . 
  germany had its arse kicked in wwi , it did n't stop them from going all ham in wwii . 
   but it all depends on what the us is going to do with regards to nato what ? 
  it all depends on whether or not there 's something valuable in invasion for russia . 
  you act as if the only thing that keeps out the russian hordes out is the glorious nato and usa . 
  putin does whatever is better for russia ( at least how he views it ) , even if it 's not something that 's better for other countries . 
  he does n't do things just because it would fit a comic villain . 
  ask iraqis , libyans , and iranians how that is `` simply not true '' . 
  also , breaking news : russia and ussr are different countries , whatever the rhetoric . 
  they are founded on different principles . 
  nice piece of prop talk here , but kinda insincere . 
  there was no democracy between 1991 and 1993 , there was a state of almost anarchy . 
  the shelling of the white house was done because gkchp who occupied the seats wanted a return of the soviet union , not promotion of democracy . 
  yeltsin in his first years was far more democratic than the guys in charge at that moment . 
  only later yeltsin proved to be a power-hungry drunkard whose understanding of democracy was `` do whatever the west tells you , regardless of how poor the decisions reflect on your own people '' . 
  democracy ended not in 1993 with tanks shelling the white house , it ended with financial crisis of 1998 , which effectively collapsed our banking system and spiraled our economy down - and that 's when people decided they do n't want this kind of democracy , where politicians throw juice in each other faces and brawl in parliament , and common people lived in fear of bandits and could n't find decent work to pay for food . 
  my city is # 2 for me , heh . 
  dehli  moscow  mumbai  madrid  paris  mexico city  london  shanghai sounds about right for finance + metropolis combo , though dehli is probably there only because of low rent budget . 
  he also left the country much larger , subdued the most aggressive neighbors , and had established the strong governance , that left the rus a dominant force in the region . 
  you should also remember the time was not quite the enlightened humanitarian age of today . 
  malleus maleficarum was published just 45 years before his ascension to throne , and the notorious spanish inquisition was still active ; the whole europe was consumed in witch-hunting fires and torture was a routine way to interrogate criminals . 
  this was also the time of crusades , which were simply authorized raids with pillage , rape and torture widespread . 
  so while we can frown upon it now , at that time it was a simple way of life - torture was as much a part of life then as jailing is now , even though it was despicable . 
  so while he was an unstable ruler , in just 14 years of his reign he achieved more political goals than many tsars in centuries before him . 
  that 's why he is remembered , certainly not because of the oprichnina or massacre of novgorod . 
  there were only a handful of russian rulers who achieved the same : ivan iv , peter i , catherine ii , and to a lesser extent josef stalin . 
  personally , i do not like this fascination with bloody tyrants . 
  but i can understand why they are considered great . 
  i do not share, 
  thanks , that was interesting !, 
  apparently , us had several factions . 
  one faction wanted to nuke the whole soviet border to prevent ussr aggression , isolating it with radioactive desert , and another was willing to conceal the information just to keep things calm . 
  i really do n't think the us knew the details , or even cared that much . 
  but never thought that the tankies were that powerful in western europe , especially in 70s and 80s . 
  the west was really antagonistic with the soviet union after stalin 's death in 1954 . 
  there were 1.3 million people in gulag , and over 60 % of them lived . 
  stalin ordered executions of about 400 thousands people . 
  there were approximately 5 million people dead in the 3 year famine that you obviously mean . 
  on the opposite side , over 5 million dead jews and over 3 million dead soviet pows ( yea , people usually ignore [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_mistreatment_of_soviet_prisoners_of_war ) ) alone . 
  9 million dead soviet civilians ( 2.5 million dead in german labor camps , literally worked to death ) , over 3 million dead civilians in other eastern european countries ( excluding jews in concentration camps ) . 
  and that is disregarding direct military casualties of the war . 
  on top of that , remember that stalin did n't kill because he was simply a bloodthirsty villain , he simply did n't have any regard towards a human life . 
  hitler actually planned to exterminate most non-aryans , which included the whole population of eastern europe . 
  please do n't mistake me for approving what either of those monsters did . 
  stalin was a monster , and his positive achievements still ca n't counterweight that . 
  but get the facts straight , because in another couple decades people might think `` hey , hitler was not that bad , there were more bloodthirsty villains , maybe he had a point '' . 
  are you implying that ussr silenced western historians ? 
  it was the case for eastern europe and ussr itself , but how could the soviets force their enemies to keep hush hush ? 
  and i never claimed that it was exclusively western propaganda .
