  smart ones still enjoy their dungeons ... scary thought . 
  a little bit of background on why elder people believe tv so utterly : because they lived under ussr where government tv and newspapers were the only news sources , and people really believed ( as in ` had faith ' ) in the government . 
  they 've seen how everything is explained , there were almost no doubters or sceptics . 
  it 's very difficult to even explain to my grandmother that their generation caused the collapse of the soviet union - she still believes that it was caused exclusively by the bad people from the government `` who lied to the people , while we trusted them '' . 
  they ca n't see their own fault because they did what they were taught , they believed in the communist party and lives were better with each day - i mean , she saw how a country destroyed by the world war became a superpower , flew to space and was overseeing half the globe , all the while her own quality of life improved . 
  so now she sees the same : the country was destroyed by `` that liar gorbachev and that drunkard yeltsin '' , but is now back to normal , where quality of life improves and the international community has to take us into account - in her mind , it 's back to normal , how it was back in her youth , so she slides back to her old beliefs . 
  and that means believing everything you 're told during official news . 
  it goes even deeper than that - she intellectually and logically understands that the tv is lying , but emotionally she does n't accept it , because she 's old and used to be like this , literally saying `` i 'm too old to change , only grave will fix me '' . 
  but for the younger educated population it 's different . 
  while we do support some of the government actions , we criticize them a lot and surely do n't believe everything we 're told by tv . 
  we have access to other types of media via internet - both to non-government news sources and social media with differing viewpoints . 
  but the older generation is a problem in these times . 
  too bad news sources without bias or agenda either do n't exist or have the coverage of a dozen people . 
  of course , that 's precisely why it 's not done - too much cost for what profit exactly ? 
  there 's no geopolitical or social advantage in outright conquering ukraine ( outside of crimea ) - ukraine is only useful to russia as an ally or a neutral state , not as conquered territory . 
  but you compared the ` unsuccessful ' russian invasion of ukraine to the georgian war , which is blatantly incorrect . 
  they are completely different beasts - there 's no progress in ukraine not because ukrainian army is that good , but because the goal is mostly defending dnr/lnr territory , not advancing to kiev . 
  i still think the whole donbass conflict is a mistake . 
  ukraine would n't be able to pile it all on russia so successfully if there was no ato in donbass , and the dissatisfaction of the people with the current government could n't be mitigated `` but dem moskals are killing us ! '', 
  - russia could 've gotten friendlier regime by now without this war . 
  probably there 's another reason for that conflict , like fear of nato expansion . 
   beyond any reasonable doubt , there was russian machinery and russian soldiers . 
  that does n't mean a full might of the regular army . 
  there were no tank battalions supported by artillery , airstrikes , proper ecm warfare and naval support . 
  i 'm fairly sure that ukrainian army , even with the inclusion of the volunteer brigades like the infamous azov , could really stand to proper airstrikes protected by advanced aa , followed up by tank + infantry sweeps . 
  while i understand that you 're joking , still to clarify : it 's not partition , it 's simple lack of a proper sign in english alphabet . 
  in russian the name is * \u041f\u043e\u043b\u044c\u0448\u0430 * , '' * \u043b\u044c * '' meaning '' * soft l * '' - we have a separate letter signifying that the letter before it should be pronounced soft ; there 's no such letter in english alphabet , so common way to put it in latin transcript is to just add apostrophe sign . 
  in addition , it 's damn hard to become ever employed in the financial sector if you 've ever been to jail . 
  of course , those actions are direct political ( = government ) intervention in the free market situation . 
   is putin being tyrannical in addition to his wartime actions ... with respect to eu food imports ? 
  of course he is !, 
  that 's the point . 
  and you propose that eu adopted the same style of leadership . 
   no one believes the us is trying to annex iraq . 
  to turn pakistan into a us territory . 
  what the current russian government is trying to do is forever have the outlying lands around the russian federation be effectively part of russian and how is that worse ? 
  compare bloodless annexation with the followup need to care about the population , because they are now yours , with just bombing the shit out of countries and never caring about the consequences . 
  many more people died from a single drone strike on pakistan wedding than during the whole crimean annexation . 
  and crimean population is generally in support of that action anyway , apart from a minority within crimean tatar diaspora ( and even half the tatars are at least indifferent , only the mad activists who cut off electricity for civilians are opposing ) . 
  those sanctions that you mention do n't really affect common people lives . 
  but the limits imposed on using american and european financial resources directly led to sharp fall of rub/usd exchange rate , and influenced the lives of common people . 
  for the government it 's not a big deal , as the budget is denominated in rub , and weak rub offsets low oil usd price - the budget decreased by far less than the rub fell down . 
  for common people it meant that all the imported goods skyrocketed in price . 
  simple example : i buy salmon at my nearby supermarket , and we usually have 2 types - norwegian salmon and karelian ( russian ) salmon ; 2 years ago they cost approximately the same , with norwegian one having ~ 10 % higher price , nowadays the difference is almost 110 % . 
  imported clothes became completely insane in price , at least in moscow . 
  not with that attitude !, 
  he 's still saying that , if you cared to read the interview . 
  he just says that the sanctions are negative , but will help out internal market in the long run . 
   the kids usualy have n't actualy broken any laws themselves . 
  but the rest of russian population did ? 
  i mean , the sanctions do n't punish decision-makers , they punish common people . 
  i wonder why the muggiest of all muggers would propose that . 
  afraid of competition ? 
  or fucking up other countries is a part of manifest destiny and is exceptionally american ? 
  do n't try to make russia the biggest villain by stifling market economy and democratic principles via prohibiting companies from trading wherever they want . 
  does it not go against all that your own constitution stand against ? 
  of course , but suggesting is one thing , and prohibiting others is another . 
  if some companies decide to stop working in russia due to the political decisions - let them . 
  just do n't stop the ones that want , because that 's not democratic , that 's tyranny - and it 's precisely what that / u/lolmonger wants to do . 
  sorry for `` no you '' response , but seeing all that bullshit from an american ? 
  i could take it from a german or french or especially dutch , but an american saying that aggressive foreign policy is abomination and must be punished ? 
  are you masochistic ? 
   it sounds extreme , sure . 
  is it more extreme than murdering and displacing thousands of people ? 
  that 's what putin did . 
  hmm ... that 's what numerous american presidents also did , with way more bloodshed and for much longer . 
   i think russia 's actions in crimea and the donbass were unbelievably low class for a modern nation . 
  why should the west tolerate it ? 
  the eu ? 
  i think usa 's actions in iraq and pakistan are unbelievably low class for a modern nation . 
  why should the eu tolerate it ? 
  say what , i would openly agree to such outright ban of all russians from european products if all americans also join us . 
  unless you want to tell me that all those middle eastern countries do n't matter because they are not in europe , and as such are fair play , being filled with the ` untermensch ' . 
  really , man , get a reality check . 
  what my government does in donbass is bad , but artificially isolating the whole country just to `` teach those barbarians a lesson '' is outright stupid . 
  in post-soviet russia , president trains pr . 
   apparently so , not reading solzhenitsyn can be ` apparently ' viewed as hiding the truth and whitewashing the history . 
  reading him is ` apparently ' viewed as scaremongering of `` you have it good now '' . 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't ? 
   the gripes your country has with the usa is that they wont allow you to strong arm other countries , throw your weight around and support dictators . 
  yea , because it 's their job , right ? 
  do n't pretend that usa has some kind of benevolent agenda . 
  they simply support their big progressive buddy ksa . 
   as for saudi threats , i never heard anything about it . 
  what happened ? 
  it was much discussed at that time : [ one ] ( http://en.alalam.ir/news/1551009 ) , [ two ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/saudis-russia-sochi-olympics-terrorism-syria-2013-8 ) , [ three ] ( http://www.infowars.com/saudis-threaten-russia-with-olympic-terrorist-attacks-unless-it-abandons-syria-support/ ) . 
   he ruined his project of euroasian union the project was ruined as soon as maidan grew violent , if you mean inclusion of ukraine in it . 
  i really hope you would not contribute maidan to putin , too . 
   he crippled russian economy and destroyed growth . 
  well , ok , i agree . 
  crippled and destroyed are a bit strong words ( economy started to grow in november , for instance ) , but still , that was the price paid . 
   antagonized numerous middle eastern states ai n't it the other way around ? 
  i remember saudis threatening to initiate terror acts during the olympics before the whole ukrainian affair even occurred . 
  i never followed american political scene , but if all of that is true , it 's pretty easy to see why that us president would be highly favored in russia . 
  that 's precisely all the gripes we have with the usa . 
  and if the whole excuse `` but usa also does it '' vanishes , we 'll also become better ( at least i hope so ) . 
  but i do n't really see how that kind of candidate can win the race , sadly . 
  please note that / r/russia consists of mostly russian emigrants . 
  there are maybe 5 people actually living in russia there . 
  most vehement supporters of putin , as well as his haters , on that sub are not even living in the country .
