  basically you say that `` it 's ok to force language if it 's english , but not ok if it 's russian '' . 
  your suggestion is precisely the ` russification ' with another language . 
  it 's bad , inherently , and i do n't approve it - language is not something you want to mess with . 
  just look at the backlash russia receives for russification now , and look at the backlash ukraine and the baltics get from forcefully promoting their languages . 
  that 's what i do n't get - the countries who suffered the most ( if you believe them ) from being forced to learn foreign language now do absolutely the same - there is no inherent difference between russification back then and ukrainization right now , for instance . 
  it 's like deathcamps victims setting up their own deathcamps , they literally follow the questionable steps they hated in the other people . 
   it 's only helpful to business and social integration ... to ensure all it 's citizens speak the same tongue . 
  i fully agree . 
  it is helpful , and most people will do it of their own choice . 
  but when that ` help ' is being shoved down your throat , would you like it ? 
  imagine being forced to learn german ( or french , or greek , whatever ) just because you 're a member of eu . 
  you 'd call it ` bollocks ' and possibly even join the throng of people voting for leaving the eu . 
  i 'm all for learning foreign languages , hell , i myself know 4 languages , but because it allows me a broader view , not because some guys in the government deem it valuable to ` protect their language ' . 
  you really think that estonian language would go extinct if they do n't force its knowledge on people who can live without it in their own country ? 
  then why have that language at all ? 
  we have more than a million tatars in russia , generally only tatars speak tatarian , and mostly in their own republic . 
  that language survived literally centuries despite not being an official one outside the republic . 
  if there are enough speakers using the language , it will not die . 
  i do n't believe that estonian would go extinct if its knowledge not required by law to obtain citizenship , unless all estonians suddenly stop speaking it . 
  it 's not about extinction , it 's about domination . 
   having two cultures speaking two different languages leads to a segregated society . 
  in our largest nationalist republics , bashkortostan and tatarstan , people are mostly bilingual . 
  of course you will learn a second language if you want to communicate efficiently . 
  it does n't mean you have to enforce it on legislation level . 
  i agree that there 's that attitude , but less so from the people who actually live in the baltics . 
  they 've made their choice , they live there for decades , they never went back to russia even though it 's pretty easy now . 
  but suddenly the place their families live in became unfriendly to them - much like it was for the baltic citizens right after ussr absorbed them . 
  i really do n't think there 's any reason for holding that condition other than pure spite `` you were bad to us , now we will repay in kind '' . 
  i also think that it 's pretty stupid for those russians living there to not learn the language to pass the exam - there are better ways to struggle for keeping your identity than keeping the `` no u '' attitude . 
  well , i 'm not very good at jokes . 
  though i think if i had a different country flag , you 'd be less critical . 
   instead , you could say the russians are being inconsistent because they were happy to force the baltics to learn russian , but then suddenly find it unacceptable that they have to learn estonian . 
  of course it is consistent , because russia is not ussr , and understands that russification was a problem and mistake ( we 're not big on announcing our mistakes , but it does n't mean we do n't acknowledge them internally ) . 
  it may not be apparent behind all the shouts `` cold war never ended '' and `` russians are coming '' , but russia is really different from ussr , even compared to the mild gorbachev period , and civilians have far more rights than before the collapse . 
  it is completely consistent to abandon a stupid idea of forcing everyone to learn the same language - people will do it by themselves if it helps them to communicate . 
  i mean , it 's not just russia 's idea , most countries in the world do n't require you to learn local language to be considered a citizen . 
  how many american citizens do n't know english ? 
  how many german citizens do n't know german ? 
    coup , `` russian intervention '' , ukrainian civil war  these are just russian weasel words to push their false narrative . 
  erm , what ? 
  i was n't talking about some `` ukrainian civil war '' , i was talking about russian civil war that followed 1917 revolution , where western powers initiated intervention as soon as the country was thrown in the chaos following the fall of the government . 
  absolutely the same thing is seen now in syria ( even without the coup , just statewide rebellion is enough ) , and not long ago in serbia/kosovo . 
  some things never change . 
  i mean that if one military had that problem , there 's nothing to guarantee any other military wo n't . 
  if there 's a coup in your government , your borders are open - just look at russia in the beginning of civil war ( at the start of xx century ) with multiple countries launching their intervention , or even syria right now . 
  ukraine had whole military bases in crimea , the problem was not lacking people , the problem was a complete paralysis of the command structure . 
  it 's not an intervention , or demand to worship . 
  noone cares if poles worship it or not . 
  russian officials are trying to assert dominance , and they write sternly worded letters to do that . 
  it 's neither an intervention nor an enforceable demand . 
  it 's a diplomatic equivalent of trashtalking the counterpart . 
  it would be intervention if russia would invade with military force and force the parliament to vote for whatever they wanted . 
  it would be a demand if they threatened to , say , cut off gas or bomb a city . 
  this is just posturing and trying to bully someone without having a leverage ( or rather without having an adequately small leverage ) . 
  while i can understand why people can feel pissed off about it , but it 's certainly not intervention . 
  hehe , so true . 
  most of the ` horrors ' ( like , 95 % of them ) were done in stalin era , and that bastard died 60 years ago . 
  i guess they are really highlanders that never die . 
  i agree that it 's overly dramatic . 
  if russia keeps calm and carries on , this is too alarmist . 
  if russia `` goes full mental '' , that force is not enough to even delay the army for a couple of days . 
  well , scratch that , if russia `` goes full mental '' , the earth would become a hard-to-live-in place . 
  this is more of a morale boost so that citizens feel more protected , then a real countermeasure . 
  i really fully support this , without irony . 
  we have a lot of nationalities in russia who think they do n't need to learn the language of the country they are living in - and we 're translating all the official documents for them and never question their citizenship . 
  knowing russian language is n't mandatory to be a russian citizen . 
  i 'm fairly sure most countries in the world follow the same suite . 
  i think that 's why many russians think it 's preposterous to be forced to learn a foreign ( to them ) language . 
  while i personally think they actually should just follow the rules of the land they live in instead of bitching about it , their attitude is understandable . 
  i mean , back when the baltics were forced to learn russian to remain citizens , noone liked it , and still moan about the forced russification . 
  but now you 're doing the same but to different people . 
  kinda ... inconsistent . 
  plot twist : russia will invade australia next instead of the baltics !, 
  invasion of poland took place and is shameful , you 're right . 
  but stalin was not in alliance with hitler , any historian will tell you that . 
  of course he had the pact and even shipped some weapons , but it was with the goal of postponing the war , because the whole soviet military doctrine of that time was pivoted on a strong officer corps , and stalin has just finished purging the old guard . 
  ussr simply needed more time , the wwii would not have been as destructive to the country if the su joined , say , in 1944 and not 1941 . 
  all the efforts were directed towards postponing the war , not allying with hitler , and the appeasement was the only strategy stalin could 've adopted after all the western countries rejected his aid and alliance offers . 
  he also tried to get more buffer space between ussr and germany by grabbing parts of poland and finland . 
  also do n't forget that stalin was a monster who never valued human life , much less foreign human lives , if they furthered the goals . 
  i 'd say , stalin was as much in alliance with hitler as polish people burned jews in concentration camps . 
  which still does n't invalidate the fact that invasion of poland should n't have occurred , as it did n't do much to postpone the german army and alienated a neighboring country , not even talking about the atrocity done in katyn . 
   as if russia 's economy was n't already in shambles . 
  russia 's economy was in shambles in 1991 . 
  it was pretty close to shambles in 1998 . 
  even the crisis of 2008 was pretty mild , and current one is also that . 
  even 5 % economy contraction is not ` shambles ' , especially when we still remember the hyperinflation and complete destruction of the whole sectors of economy . 
  when we had a crisis in 1998 , people were lining up to buy salt and canned goods . 
  when we started to have crisis in 2014 , people lined up to buy cars , tv-sets and smartphones . 
  we 're far , far away from the breaking line . 
  of course , the economy is not doing good , and we are now lagging behind usa & china even more . 
  but russia is still top 20 economies of the world , and shows no signs whatsoever to fall down from the list , and in case with turkey , hurting their economy is far easier for us via things like tourism , which are really replaceable . 
  if we 'd live by the words of sputnik , we 'd keep iron curtain up and never leave country at all . 
  while media opinions are considered , they are really secondary to things like climate and budget , at least if the country is deemed friendly . 
  sputnik is bollocks . 
   russia is no beacon of `` moral high ground '' in this conflict ? 
  yea it has . 
  overall ? 
  of course not , even your beloved usa does n't have it . 
   if he 's not going to take the chance to escalate things ( in which case , i 'll concede , it was the west who looks foolish ) , then he is indeed the one who looks dumb .
