  would you also expand this to all the non-militant citizens ? 
  to the kids and women who never took arms ? 
  `` but they are not your people if they rebel '' is a very limited viewpoint . 
  if they are not your people , why do you care if they separate then ? 
  if they are your people , why do you shell them without negotiations ? 
  minsk agreements are constantly violated even now , and way , way more often from the ukrainian side - even now kyiv does n't show any desire to give even limited autonomy to those regions , preferring to kill more of them . 
  hell , even pro-european ukrainians who hate russia still see their current president and his internal policies as a failure - his ratings are lower than yanukovich 's were before maidan . 
    also , as to the vatniks in eastern ukraine - last time i checked they are being killed en masse , not the other way around . 
  you do n't see kyiv or lviv being shelled and destroyed , you see those `` vatnik nests '' being demolished . 
  bad example . 
   they 're not being killed just because , ukraine is trying to reconquer the territories that unilaterally and forcefully broke away . 
  yea , that 's all fine and dandy , but your point was that those vatniks were ready to kill you , for which we see no evidence , but everyone sees ample evidence of an army shelling their own citizens - indiscriminately . 
  i like how you think that thoughtcrime ( ` be ready to kill ' ) is a proper justification for actual crime ( killing ) . 
  do n't you see any contradiction ? 
   also , how do you think that 's seen here when a nation with already the world 's fucking largest country needs to get bigger and bigger and bigger at the expense of its neighbours i think it 's seen bad , even if that 's not quite correct ( really , crimea is a very , very special issue , there are no others like that on this planet , not even donbass ) . 
  i also think that 's no excuse for shelling your own population with artillery or arming ultranational fanatics . 
   we sure as hell are not interested in those vatniks like in eastern ukraine who are ready to kill us for some mother russia ideology and yet can also vote for our future . 
  so you 're interested in having them contribute to your economy , but still be unable to vote for their future ? 
  they are still a minority , they ca n't decide major issues for you . 
  do n't you see the issue here ? 
  imagine if , for instance , the majority of your country decides that they hate eu and want to have nothing with it , because , i dunno , eu strangles your proud country with their nonsensical laws and taxes , whatever . 
  your opinion is opposite , you consider eu to be good . 
  and because of that you 're stripped of ability to voice your opinion and prohibited to vote . 
  would that not totally suck ? 
  also , as to the vatniks in eastern ukraine - last time i checked they are being killed en masse , not the other way around . 
  you do n't see kyiv or lviv being shelled and destroyed , you see those `` vatnik nests '' being demolished . 
  bad example . 
   firstly from the fact that there are over 100 million russians and even if all central asia moved there , you 'd still be the majority . 
  secondly , i ca n't see tajiks or uzbeks demanding their language to be official because there are so many of them there . 
  thirdly , we did n't exactly invite our russian minority here , moreover , most estonians were probably against them arriving . 
  first - you still outnumber russians by a fair margin , and it 's not like there 's a huge influx of russians in the baltics . 
  this point is moot and irrelevant . 
  second - russia has tons of official languages in separate regions . 
  all of our laws are available in multitude of languages by request - or even by default in the areas with a majority of other nationalities ( like tatars in tatarstan or bashkirs in bashkortostan ) . 
  i do n't see that being a problem , like at all . 
  you do n't give up your main language just by providing laws and official documents in the other . 
  most people still know russian even if there 's no pressure for them to do that and their native language is official , just because it 's more convenient to know it . 
  third - we also do n't invite unqualified people from uzbekistan and tajikistan here , if anything , they are a drag on the economy ( because they send most of their earnings back home , instead of spending it in the country ) . 
  it 's not an argument at all . 
   estonian ? 
  barely 1 million speak it the number is irrelevant as it 's still a vast majority of people in your country speaking it . 
  from your own words , just 80k people are stubborn non-citizens who do n't want to assimilate . 
  so why in hell should you still cling to those stupid laws that only feed our propaganda ? 
  it would be much harder for our less scrupulous reporters to paint the baltics black if those laws did n't exist . 
  you 'd simply improve your image and the only cost would be 80k people not learning estonian . 
  most companies you know are going to collapse this century . 
  i mean , the century has just started , we have 84 years ahead of us . 
  if you can find another place on the planet which holds a whole russian city with a huge naval base , which has over 90 % ethnic russian population and which tried to join russia for over 15 years , then yes , of course we 'll go for that piece of land next time . 
  slippery slope fallacy is just that , a fallacy . 
   yes it was poorly thought out like all of putin 's plans . 
  he just ca n't plan long term . 
  hmm , maybe you can point out who on earth ( apart from ksa , of course ) planned oil price of $ 30 ? 
  if the oil was at $ 70-80 , crimea would have much more funding . 
  while there was such a thing as ` friendship trains ' in the past ( where ultranationalists from western ukraine came to crimea to physically abuse anyone who had pro-russian sentiments ) - around 2004-2007 - and there were some claims to repeat that from the leaders of ultranationalist organizations , i do n't think that crimean population was that much concerned about that . 
  it was more of getting what they 've wanted for ~ 15 years . 
  i can completely understand the sentiment some people are having now , as crimea did not become a paradise overnight , and i understand the resentment towards russia not showering them with gifts and cash . 
  i still think that the view expressed in the article is a view of minority , most people are glad they 're not in ukraine now simply because economic situation right now in ukraine is even worse than in crimea . 
  you mistake unitary state with nation state . 
  nation state can still be a federation/confederation . 
   what is more , we 're not really thrilled by having a large group of people here mentally living in russia . 
  ** not only is that generally bad ** , it just happens that we have quite different views from russia , and not only in politics . 
  why ? 
  your country is a part of the eu , which is promoting multiculturalism , yet you think it 's completely ok to shun other cultures just because you do n't like them . 
  we have a lot of people who are living in russia , but mentally are in their home countries . 
  many uzbek and tajik immigrants are speaking very broken form of russian , and sending most of their earnings back home , not even trying to integrate into society - they are too busy working . 
  the only issue people have with them is their low income level resulting in higher crime rate . 
  if your culture is strong enough , you should never fear other cultures , but welcome them . 
  would n't it be better to strengthen estonian culture and language use by less forceful methods ? 
   would ditching russian in public use be forcing ? 
  yes , of course it will be . 
  forcing people to only speak one language in public is ... barbaric . 
  even ukraine does n't do that to russian language , and that country has more reasons to ban it . 
  maybe i misunderstood your `` in public use '' words ? 
  i think there 's a very fine line between `` we 're not historically multi-ethnic '' and `` one country - one people '' slogan . 
  some people might not even see that fine line . 
  i meant that it might not be accurate due to low or rare contributions ( did n't mean to bash it ) . 
  i would , but i live in moscow , and it 's a fairly updated city . 
  if i see some , will contribute , of course , it 's a very useful resource . 
  wow that 's an awesome database ( even if it 's not that accurate ) !, 
  thanks a lot !, 
  i knew a lot of things are expensive in usa , but had no clue it 's that bad . 
  monthly pass for their godawful transportation is 4-8 times higher than ours ? 
  ouch . 
  if you join the army now , more chances to visit syria than ukraine . 
  no thanks . 
   so kyiv is now a much better place to be financially not kyiv , it guys in kyiv . 
  not all professions have the salaries tied to usd rate , even in ukraine . 
  you should note that all the salaries are monthly , not yearly , and do n't include annual bonus and the like ( because those are not guaranteed and change from the company to company ) . 
  the standard of living is calculated by total yearly income . 
  this is after federal and local taxes ( ex-unified social tax , ~ 30 % ) , but before pit ( personal income tax , 13 % ) . 
  usual structure is : you have a salary of 100 . 
  it means you get 87 , paying 13 to the government yourself , and your employer pays another ~ 30 over to various funds . 
  so if you have a salary of 100 , you get 87 and your employer spends 130 . 
  the 30 % part is volatile , depending on your cumulative annual salary ; once it gets over 700k rub ( = 10k usd ) , everything over is only taxed at 10 % . 
   i agree , mostly because the sanctions schedule the eu agrees to is n't nearly as harsh as the us wants . 
  funnily enough , us wants eu to ramp up the sanctions , but does n't follow through itself . 
  we 're getting a new american plant opened ( = direct investments ) soon - maybe that 's why eu is not so keen to listen to us proposals ? 
  it 's a clear case of `` do what i say not what i do '' . 
   how do you prepare for 5 years and then fuck up like that after 1 week ? 
  well , stupid ones get caught .
