  and i can understand how some people can completely turn to fervent support instead . 
  you , my dear / r/europe , make it much easier to love my country by just ignorantly painting it black . 
  and also there are many people who support our government who are simply idiots . 
  no denying that . 
  what 's sad and ironic is that back in 2014 , when maidan was just starting out and was n't even violent , common russians predicted precisely that to common ukrainians : you will trade one crook for another crook , no reforms will be made , and you 'll only be screwed once more , as you 've already been back in the days of orange revolution a decade ago . 
  we were called idiots and trolls , and that if maidan succeeds in removing the corrupt president from power , ukraine will become european in five years . 
  what 's tragic is that we were right and they were wrong . 
  this is one time i 'd far prefer to be wrong . 
   but the attempt to counter lie accusations with `` your jokes are n't funny '' makes me really angry . 
  i agree , that 's stupid counter . 
  you really do n't understand , do you ? 
  it 's not that we want to support this kind of idiocy . 
  it 's that the available options are at the very least not better . 
  if you think that putin can be replaced by a pro-western liberal leader , you 're completely deluded . 
  he can only be replaced by someone milder from his own camp ( best outcome ) , or by some raging nationalist , who would start real warmongering ( worst outcome ) . 
  and problem with media is that ours is not up to the western media standards in deviousness ( sp ? ), 
  and consistency . 
  they are learning . 
  now you can see these kinds of mistakes and errors in the reports and joke about them - imagine that in 10 years you wo n't find them , would n't that be , i dunno , scarier ? 
  your mistake is that you think that crimea used to be in a fully open , transparent and liberal country before it was occupied by an evil empire . 
  the problem is that ukraine before all this maidan situation was not so much different from russia - just had distinct split of the population and way poorer , the other things , including human rights and corruption , are almost the same . 
  so it was n't like the crimea went from the shining beacon of democracy to an awful tyranny . 
  it went from one corrupt country with human rights issues to another . 
  but somehow you think that now surveys are not to be trusted . 
  if anything , ukraine never had the funds to develop anything in crimea , while russia does have them - and that 's all there is to it . 
   most of them have a residence history less than 70 years most people have residence history less than 70 years , as you need to be 70 years old to have that . 
  less russians are afraid of the government now than 10 years ago . 
   the russian economy is in shambles it 's not . 
  it 's headed there , but even in 2008 the crisis was harsher . 
  we see a widespread increase in prices for everything , but not the massive layoffs that were common 8 years ago . 
  this current crisis is more dangerous because it lasts longer , but so far it 's milder than the one of 2008 . 
  it might become uglier soon , but it all depends on oil price , you know . 
  contraction of economy by less than 5 % is not `` in shambles '' , not for the country that still remembers the contraction by over 90 % back in the 1990s . 
   life expectancy is in free fall absolutey incorrect . 
  life expectancy in russia [ is steadily rising ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_russia ) - it was 59/72 ( male/female ) in 2000 , 63/75 in 2010 , 66/77 in 2015 . 
  is that called `` in free fall '' ? 
   and there 's little hope for short to medium term recovery no hope for short-term recovery , sure . 
  medium-term noone knows . 
  why do you think there 's no hope ? 
  and we with government in general . 
  eastern europe is just one big unhappy family . 
   japan and germany both japan and germany killed a lot of people . 
  crimea takeover was ( almost ) bloodless . 
  99 % of the ato casualties belong to ukrainian army and the population of the rebelling districts , not some districts around them . 
  ukraine caused far more deaths in this conflict than any pro-russians . 
   fires were started inside the building as well oh yea , they burned themselves to death . 
  is n't it a recurring trend ? 
  rebels shell their own cities , pro-russian citizens burn themselves to death . 
  of course , the other side is absolutely blameless , as ` they had it coming ' . 
   lugandonia so , you 're one of those nationalists then , i take it ? 
  it 's useless to talk with you then , you 're stuck in your own point of view . 
  of course . 
  here 's [ stratfor report ] ( https://www.stratfor.com/forecast/decade-forecast-2015-2025 ) . 
  cia report itself is a bit harder to find , as it was 10 years ago , but [ here 's the summary ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/cia-angers-russia-by-predicting-break-up-of-state-within-10-years-58297.html ) from the independent . 
  what 's your personal forecast for the time when russia finishes collapsing ? 
  just to set a reminder . 
  cia forecast back in 2005 was that russia would collapse by 2015 . 
  stratfor now extended that to 2025 . 
  i wonder what your forecast would be . 
  they are russian citizens , that 's enough to scream `` glory to russia '' . 
  nationality is secondary . 
  i know less bashkirs and tatars who hate russia than ethnic russians . 
  most of our extreme liberals ( with the stance ` does this filthy country still have any chance to atone ? ' ), 
  are ethnically russian . 
  have you even read your article ? 
  a gang of thugs that included 3 russia nationals did it ; nationality of others is not given . 
  eastern ukraine is swarming with mercs of all nations , why do you single out russians ? 
  if a russian guy robs an american bank , it does n't mean that `` russians are stealing american money '' . 
  and you mixed donetsk and luhansk ( typical ) . 
   and russian-supplied thugs attacked peaceful pro-ukrainian demonstration in odessa . 
  oh yea , so peaceful that they had guns and killed them with molotov cocktails . 
  just watch the french report ( masks of maidan ) to understand what happened . 
  neither side was completely peaceful , but only one side burned 50 people alive ; and even before the burning there were 6 casualties , with 4 of them being pro-russian - so much for the `` peaceful demonstration '' . 
   turkey warned russia repeatedly to stop violating it 's airspace . 
  yup . 
  so now russia warned turkey that their planes will be shot once they fly anywhere near other russian jets . 
  so by your logic they will be in their right to shoot down turkish jets . 
  just because they warned turkey . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  placing nukes in cuba by ussr was seen as a huge mortal threat by the usa , regardless of what was done before . 
  and that was a mutual agreement of two sovereign friendly states that in no way touched usa . 
  somehow cmc is still regarded is one of the most dangerous moments in the nuclear arm race , even though cuba and ussr were not violating any laws or agreements and were free to act as they wanted . 
  same way , inclusion of ukraine in nato will be seen as a huge threat by russia - regardless of the reasons that led to it , regardless of the mantra `` it has nothing to do with russia , let ukraine and nato decide '' . 
  and russia now is nowhere near the strength of nato , so it 's even more threatened by its advancement to the borders than usa was during cmc . 
  luhansk was shelled by ukrainian army . 
  people in odessa were burned by pro-ukrainians . 
  how that was done by pro-russians ? 
  our officials and media always lie . 
  but in this instance even the west agrees with russia , which is saying a lot . 
  that 's why i usually try to get news about these kinds of disputes from western sources . 
  i wonder why do you believe your officials and media ? 
  are you trying to say that ukrainian officials and media are not lying ? 
   are you comparing prices in bulgaria and macedonia to ukrainian ones ? 
  how much gas do these countries buy ? 
  1/100 of what ukraine buy ? 
  both countries are almost completely reliant on russian gas and not that wealthy . 
  but they can afford it and do n't have disputes . 
   ukraine not reliable buyer ? 
  then why did you sell gas to it at all ? 
  because we 're just that generous !,
