  she did n't back then , she does not now . 
  lies and more lies . 
  common tactic to dehumanize a perceived enemy . 
  i wonder what do you base that on ? 
   hell russian federation even made dozens of monuments to man who orchestrated it russian federation did n't . 
  local authorities or even unrelated to government citizens did . 
  i understand that ukraine , being a unitary state , has to authorize everything , but local regions , and especially republics , have wide authority over things like that in russian federation . 
  and not only russia did that , slovakia ( which is generally not very pro-russian ) , ukraine ( and not only in donetsk/lugansk ) and georgia also erected several in the last 10 years . 
  even usa has one . 
  it does n't mean that russia as a whole has stalin worship . 
  and stalin did a lot of things during his reign , he 's not only known for his atrocities . 
  i doubt that you 'd be against monuments to churchill , while he had orchestrated the same atrocity against indians , openly stating that their deaths are not as important as british economy , which resulted in over 3 million deaths . 
  russia as a state is actually pretty indifferent to that problem . 
  crimean administration and museums are outraged , but kremlin treated the whole problem as ` meh , whatever ' . 
  this is actually a very confusing case . 
  the gold was found in crimean territory , by crimean archaeologists , kept in the crimean museum and borrowed to amsterdam museum for the exhibition . 
  now there 's this ambiguous state of crimea . 
  poroshenko openly claims that crimea is still a part of ukraine ; putin states that crimea is a part of russia . 
  there are differing opinions on both sides - for instance , the curator of russian hermitage says that the gold should be returned to the crimean museum it was taken from , while the curator of moscow museums openly stated that the gold belongs to the country , not to the museum , so must be returned to ukraine . 
  funnily , if amsterdam follows official ukrainian government stance that crimea is still a part of ukraine , nothing prevents them from returning it to the original crimean museum . 
  failure to do so will also indirectly be the recognition that crimea is now russian , which is not something ukraine wants . 
  but that can be overcome by ukraine ordering the gold to another museum . 
  another issue where politics meddle with things like culture . 
  very annoying . 
  it 's less about extreme poverty ( moldova , belarus and ukraine are much poorer ) , and more about lack of prospects in the siberian cities and towns that used to have huge manufacturing plants in the past , which are standing derelict nowadays . 
  and easy access to middle asian drugs , which bolster the suicide rates . 
  that data is actually a bit outdated . 
  in 2015 the rate was 17.1 , and in 2016 it 's expected to drop to 15.4 ( no data for december yet , obviously ) . 
  still not low , but not as high as in the map . 
   russia would certainly be conducting criminal activity as a nation state first , it needs to be proved that russia as a state authorized it . 
  second , a state can not be conducting criminal activity unless it violates one of the international conventions it signed , which is the basis of the so-called ` international law ' . 
  countries are not liable to other countries laws - what you call a crime , can be an authorized military/espionage activity . 
   think about it : a nation state performing state-sponsored crimes against parties in another state , and with a political agenda , too - that is what is certain . 
  that 's so cute . 
  do you think that american drone strikes are legal in the countries they do them ? 
  do you think coalition wars in the middle east are legal in those countries ? 
  do you think any of the espionage missions , that are conducted by all countries since time immemorial are legal ? 
  countries do that all the time , non-stop , that 's the way the game is played . 
  yes , but it can officially request to do them . 
  being authorized to hack someone 's terminal because of fraud suspicions is commonplace . 
  you 're deflecting again . 
  is hacking illegal ? 
  yes . 
  that does n't make the uncovered information irrelevant unless you 're in court . 
   you know what , i think i 'll break into your house tomorrow because i think you may have some kinky porn somewhere . 
  but hey hey hey , if you have nothing to hide you have nothing to fear from home invasion , right ? 
  does that sound reasonable ? 
  if i loudly proclaim that i do n't have any kinky porn , and you find it , it at the very least makes me a liar . 
  if i loudly proclaim that i do n't violate any laws and you find evidence of me violating them , it makes me a criminal - regardless of whether you have committed a crime or not . 
  whether the evidence is admissible in court or not is a matter of a certain set of laws in any given country . 
  but forgiving politicians for shit they do just because it was obtained illegally is simply mental acrobatics . 
  yea , because government-level funding is what makes or breaks a hack based on social networking . 
  you do n't need millions for that ; i do n't remember lack of funding stopping watergate . 
  anyway , nsa and its european counterparts do have more funding than russian fsb ( i mean , come on , europeans like to highlight how russia is broke and its economy collapsing ) . 
  it 's their direct responsibility to highlight these damning facts , yet they choose not to . 
  come on , if it 's so easy for an illegal hacker team half a world away to uncover some dirt , how much easier is it for a legal government agency working on its own soil ? 
   hillary was a terrible candidate but if it was n't for russian involvement she most likely would 've won this is a fallacy . 
  it 's not because of `` russian involvement '' , it 's because of her own actions . 
  those actions were simply being covered by her exemplar status . 
  it 's like saying that enron management was criminal only because of whistleblowers . 
  do n't you find it ironic that usa with its mass surveillance program could n't uncover those facts ? 
  it 's either the proof of utter negligence and incompetence or of blatant corruption - choose one . 
  is n't that a work of police or journalists to uncover dirt on the candidate russia supports , then ? 
  well , nothing stops opponents of those candidates from hacking back . 
  it 's not like russian hackers are so unique that they 're the only ones with that power . 
  and the argument `` let 's disregard the wrongdoings of a subset of politicians simply because we do n't know about wrongdoings of another subset of politicians '' is a st. . . range one . 
  it 's like saying that we should pardon the criminals simply because other similar criminals were n't caught . 
  since when has uncovering the crimes or dirt on prominent politicians become anything other than investigative journalism ? 
  since when has the method of obtaining incriminating information become way more important than the information itself ? 
  it 's not like the elusive `` russian hackers '' had lied about the information , they simply uncovered it . 
  there 's a 100 % foolproof method of overcoming russian hackers problem - do n't violate laws . 
  boom !, 
  headshot !, 
  total hacker immunity !, 
  all your votes are belong to us . 
  you are on your way to dedemocratization . 
  take your time . 
  yea , that 's why the professors in higher school of economics ( one of the top two economic universities in russia ) openly preach maidan-style overthrow of putin and still go on teaching . 
  closing off a third-tier university in a city with hundreds of them is certainly an evidence of authoritarian crackdown and absence of freedom of speech . 
  then again , saying stuff that amounts to `` there 's nothing good in russia '' is something that 's expected from the representatives of the baltic states . 
  i 'd be more amazed of the opposite . 
  at least we had leaders . 
  it is only healthy skepticism if you distrust both sources . 
  even here in your answer you are openly saying :  it 's undeniable that russia 's influence over the world would benefit from a splintered west implying that it 's the worst outcome - i would n't use words `` unquestionable evil '' , but the negative attitude is clear . 
  and really , state media is considered something inherently more distrustful than `` independent '' media that belongs to a single person ( rupert murdoch ) and openly shares the same agenda in various sources . 
  at least state media does n't hide the fact that it has agenda , unlike the independent one . 
  but overall i agree with the healthy skepticism attitude . 
  most thinking people simply disregard mass media claims and attempts to change opinions . 
  is n't french flag all white ? 
  he was n't a strong believer in liberte , though . 
  yet they were , and starved , and mutilated . 
  just not by the central government , but by local fief lords , who were absolutely free to do whatever to their subjects before 1861 . 
  some were better , some were worse , but it happened . 
  also , the whole revolution was not caused by evul lenin . 
  if tzar did n't authorize shootings of peaceful demonstration on the red square in 1905 ( known as bloody sunday ) , there would n't be enough support for his overthrow from the public 12 years later . 
  do you really think all of that was done without reason ? 
  and yea , stalin times were really , really harsh , but a lot of that was because tzarist russia was falling really behind europe , being a rich , but decadent feudal agricultural country with mostly illiterate people ( with the exception of nobility and merchants ) , and insanely fast industrialization meant pushing people to the limits - stalin chose terror as a motivating factor ( because he was a monster and did n't see an easier option ) . 
  and while i do n't want to excuse his crimes , some of them might 've been avoided if the tzarist regime thought more about innovation than about nobility wishes and glorious wars . 
  also , imperial gendarmes might not have been as cruel as nkvd thugs , but they still imprisoned and tortured anyone who spoke against tzar . 
  london is a very popular place for some very rich men to retire , as it 's easy to afford luxurious way of life and very easy to keep in touch with the business .
