  britain is also a very classist society , so if you 're of the higher class , you will get to be treated like one . 
  it can also be considered `` of glory '' , not `` of words '' . 
  old slavic names in rus ' both for people and cities have the ending `` slav '' - which can be translated as ` glorified for ' , ` known for ' or simply ` glorious ' . 
  though glory is kinda wide knowledge , or ` word of a mouth ' , so still kinda close to ` words ' . 
  no , stalin knew there would be a war with germany , and he approached multiple european states ( from uk to france and austria ) to form an alliance against germany . 
  but european powers considered germany to be contained and did n't want anything to do with communists , so they refused . 
  let me remind you that ussr strongly opposed the 1938 [ munich agreement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/munich_agreement ) signed between uk , france and germany that confirmed sudetenland annexation , and molotov-ribbentrop nap was signed only a year later , when there was no other choice to postpone the war . 
  maybe because hitler was never allied with ussr . 
  yea , we all know about a molotov-ribbentrop secret deal , but that was still a non-aggression pact , not a declaration of alliance . 
  and it was only signed after all the other european powers refused to actually ally with ussr against germany . 
  the war was inevitable , so that pact was a way to postpone it to build up the military , which is definitely not the alliance . 
   the sm-3 does n't have a surface-to-surface capability yes , it does n't . 
  nato has also invited russian military to check on the systems whenever they like . 
  yet ... when you get that base up , what stops you from suspending the visits and replacing the system with another one ? 
  american army logistics capability is legendary , and if they want to change the system to a nuclear-capable one , or even a straight modern high explosive ( which can be more powerful than wwii nukes ) , what would stop them ? 
  well , if ukrainian prisons are similar to russian , then she would be very lucky , or would need to be deeply connected , to survive even 3 years there with that kind of sentence . 
  well , you may prefer quality of life in richer countries , but dislike the general direction of its politics and government . 
  it 's not like this is a on/off switch - you may like some aspects and dislike the others . 
  or as one arab told me once : the best place on earth to hide from american bombs is in america . 
  and just to clarify : i 'm not pro-putin , and i actually live in moscow , russia . 
  you also kinda mixing `` pro-putin '' and `` not hating russia '' . 
  unlike what everyone says in the west , putin and russia are not synonyms . 
  failure of post-soviet russia ( if you mean the 1990s ) is generally considered to be a responsibility of russian government led first by gorbachev , then by yeltsin , both are mostly hated in russia . 
  of course , advisors from usa and france , who helped our government shape the new economy which bankrupted most common citizens and threw the country into the lawless anarchy filled with crooks and bandits , are also blamed , but mostly as `` they did it on purpose , you ca n't trust the foreigners '' - prime blame is still on our government . 
  not since 2014 , since 2008 . 
  i do n't remember any news painting russia positively after georgia . 
  of course it only came back double after 2014 . 
   because there is nothing to admire about russia i really love how that is the main trend in the discussion involving russia . 
  because if the country does something you disagree with , it must absolutely be a shithole . 
  of course , russia can only be reviled , hated or pitied , and anyone who admires it is a simpleton with no taste but for the state-funded propaganda . 
  because that 's the truth which any free-thinking european , who is only consuming independent media sources , must adopt and live by . 
   and i doubt heavens will split delivering down to earth a more popular candidate we already have a functioning model for that , citizen . 
  he will simply appoint the heir , who is absolutely unknown to the public , and the public will accept him . 
  it was already done when putin himself came to power out of absolutely nowhere . 
  of course not , you can see it by ushanka worn . 
  it 's obviously late august . 
  yea yea , good old `` it 's all in oil price ! '', 
  saudi arabia 's gdp and life quality had increased at one quarter of russia 's in the last 15 years , and they are full petrol-economy . 
  and oil & gas are only ( surprise ! ), 
  16 % of russia gdp - even norway is more dependent on it than we are . 
  oil is very important as it 's our main source of foreign currency , and as such has a huge impact on fx rate ( and the price of imported goods ) , but overall oil is not everything here . 
  and oil prices or not , life expectancy , quality of life , average salaries - all increased much more than under soviet rule with the same spikes of oil price . 
  it 's not only about getting huge cash , it 's also about management . 
  you do n't quite grasp it : it 's not that we do n't see , it 's just that we 're mostly jaded enough to see that the current state of affairs is at least not worth than the options we had . 
  putin , despite his cleptocratic tendencies and his absolutely crippling desire of protecting his inner circle , is a more competent leader than we had since forever . 
  yeltsin was a drunken idiot who allowed the country to be plundered and flushed both our reputation and wealth down the drain . 
  gorbachev 's only redeeming quality was his understanding that something got to change with ussr - but the way he changed it , he simply allowed the country to be destroyed and fragmented , while the more benevolent option was available ( just look at how china handled it ) . 
  guys before him , most notably brezhnev , did nothing of value , just following traditional values while closing off the iron curtain . 
  i can go on about all the failed rulers up to catherine the great , but the result is that even with all the corruption , putin is the best leader that we ever had . 
  i really wish there was someone better than him , though , because his drawbacks really start to show to the level that i consider leaving the country . 
  so , we see the rights and wrongs , we just accept the wrongs , because they are smaller wrongs . 
  american financier bill browder was one of the sharks who came to russia to bask in cheap profit by plundering the country in dire times . 
  and he faced an even bigger shark , got burned , and now is on a crusade about magnitsky case for over a decade . 
  `` honest people '' does n't cover mr. browder . 
  you paint a picture of naive businessman - which is an oxymoron in itself - who believes in pure good , but he is n't that . 
  he was scheming with oligarchs , and his main mistake was underestimating the power that a new president would command , he assumed putin would be another yeltsin , and that the oligarchs can get away with anything . 
  the death of magnitsky is a tragedy , and i really wish people were prosecuted for it . 
  it is a dark stain on my country 's reputation . 
  but please do n't mistake mr. browder and similar financiers for honest good people . 
  honest people do n't come to profit of other people misery , yet browder definitely was one of them . 
  internal service and goods market . 
  we have huge internal consumption , that 's how we managed to survive the plummet of the ruble in 2014 - fx rate dropped by half , but the prices rose ~ 15-20 % . 
  weapons and nuclear power plants are important export items , but they contribute less to gdp . 
   socialism is based around the idea of disempowering the individual , which has drained the continent of all entrepreneurial spirit and belief in one 's own capabilities . 
  no , it 's not . 
  theoretical socialism is about the society of equals , whose needs are met and who give away fully . 
  modern scandinavian countries are way closer to socialism ideals than ussr ever was . 
  socialism is about empowering society through empowering individuals , not robbing their power . 
  also , entrepreneurial spirit has nothing to do with belief in one 's own capabilities . 
  do you think top scientists must have entrepreneurial talent to invent stuff we dream about ? 
  do you think teachers do not believe in themselves ? 
  what about artists and writers ? 
  the world does n't revolve around business alone , it 's a false dichotomy . 
  while i also do n't share the view that our economy is `` house of cards '' , as it proved its resilience several times in the last 15 years already , it still can not be compared to the variety and resilience of the us economy . 
  and while political scene in usa is a mean joke , politics have less impact on their economy than in russia . 
  so , despite the whole `` petrostate '' meme ( which is funny , as oil & gas are < 16 % of our gdp , even though over 70 % of exports ) , i agree to the major point that russia is less stable than usa . 
  first of all how dare yo u ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  is n't medinskiy the dumbass who proclaimed that `` russians are so unique , it 's like we have an extra chromosome '' , which caused the most facepalms i can remember for an official 's proclamation in the last 5 years ? 
  if that 's him , then he 's simply an idiot . 
  yea , i think some parts of western europe and places like australia are exempt , but mostly because there are no real hostility between the parties - when you talk about countries like belgium or netherlands . 
  but not all of the western europe is like that . 
  uk is not , for one , and the last french election also showed how utterly uncompromising the parties are , and how involved a common person must be in the political process . 
  i think it mostly describes the whole world . 
  not just balkans , russia and usa ( countries on the opposite sides of the world ) are absolutely the same in this regard - either you 're putinist or a member of an opposition ; either you 're a democrat or a liberal , no middle ground , never . 
  politics are more important than life itself , and nothing trumps politics . 
  if you 're a political activist , you 're to be loved/hated , but respected , and if you dare to not care about politics , then you 're a mindless drone and probably buying into the opposite side 's propaganda . 
  and if you double dare to have both positive and negative opinion of both sides , then you 're a provocateur , shill and a filthy human underbeing . 
  it 's all the same , common discourse , in almost all countries - some are milder than others , true , but usually that 's the only difference - the volume of outcry , not the nature of it . 
   the us and the eu did n't annex territories from other european countries . 
  russia literally sent troops and tanks to hold crimea at gun point while it `` democratically '' voted to join russia . 
  all those who opposed this were either killed or went missing . 
  nice , lies and bullshit , as always . 
  the fact that the eu and the us do n't annex territories after destroying them is not something positive . 
  look at how awesome they handled iraq ... where 's that fledgling democracy ? 
  oh wait , it was replaced by isis , in the vacuum of power that was directly created by the western intervention . 
  if instead us/eu annexed iraq , they 'd have to rebuild what they destroyed , and restore order . 
  and investments in crimea skyrocketed after annexation , as ukraine completely neglected that region for over 22 years . 
  the western intervention destroys and goes home , the russian intervention does n't destroy and stays to assert order - guess which is better for the locals ? 
  who was killed or went missing in crimean annexation ? 
  the whole body count of crimean takeover was 3 people , 2 of whom were russian soldiers .
