  they may be wealthy people , but they do n't wield a fraction of power berezovskiy or abramovich held in the 1990s . 
  that is actually not a joke , but usually they play snowballs . 
  only local kids are smart enough to make breaks every 10 minutes so that your cheeks do n't freeze up and get permanent damage . 
  then you can see the point . 
  while there really was a significant role of the western advisors ( namely sachs ) in the decline of russian federation in 1990s , the people here in general do n't blame the west , they blame yeltsin and gaidar for not being strong and wise enough to lead the country differently ( or , from the mouths of harsher people , for outright betrayal ) . 
  but the fact that while my mother weeped in the street because she could n't afford to buy fruits for my younger sister even though both she and my father worked 2 jobs , the west applauded how democratic our country has become , and how the progress is so good now that we have democratic elections and threw away our soviet past . 
  then our tvs were flooded with american movies that depicted soviets as an ultimate force of evil , and western ads ( there were no ads in ussr ) with happy smiling people living in luxurious houses , consuming all types of stuff we did n't even know were needed were taken by many as `` you filthy peasants do n't even know how to live a good life '' . 
  all of that built up so much resentment , that almost completely consumed our west worship that actually led to the collapse of the ussr . 
  nowadays we certainly understand that the ads and movies are just an industry to get your money , and that the western culture is much more about make-believe than about truth - so we adopted that . 
   kremlin 's disinformation campaign that was led by thousands of paid trolls had an impact that 's especially funny , because trolls from olgino are not leading anything , they are a bunch of low-paid students that are not educated enough to snipe a normal job . 
  and those guys are spending over 95 % of their paid time on facebook , vkontakte and twitter - for instance , reddit is almost unknown and is generally considered ` just another collective blog with censorship , like lifejournal ' by the majority of russians . 
  those guys are a joke even among russians , however convenient it is to blame that anyone who is not anti-russian is a shill . 
  you 'd better beware official government disinformation units , which i have no doubt exists in our country as a part of fsb . 
  did i say anything about ` unwarranted sanctions ' ? 
  sanctions are adversarial by nature . 
  do n't you think if russia , or china , or india , or any other country would impose sanctions on , say , the uk for taking part in iraq war , that london would n't retaliate ? 
  reasons or lack of them do n't matter , actions do . 
   westerners criticize their governments for that , while russians praise . 
  russians criticize their government all the time . 
  it 's a national past-time . 
  yes , putin is very popular , and is considered a very efficient manager and the person who puts russian interests above everything , including the opinion of the mighty west ; but the government ( and especially the duma , with united russia party ) is criticized all the time . 
  even if all the `` fake news & hacking are all coming from russia '' is true , i 'm sorry , but i do n't see why we should criticize our government for undermining the countries that have been very adversarial for us in the past . 
  is n't it good to retaliate towards the countries who denounce us constantly , create fake news about our country , spread lies and put sanctions on us ? 
   also , westerners do n't point fingers at russia for `` doing the same '' when they get to know some crap about their governments . 
  i 'm sorry , but i think you understand `` westerners '' slightly different than we do . 
  [ usually they do ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbfcrnm-zyy ) . 
   the current regime in russia is presenting stalin as a hero it does n't . 
  at best it 's a neutral stance , fully acknowledging both his crimes towards the soviet people and historical value in defeating nazi germany . 
  even if the current government has warm feelings towards ussr as a country , it 's not about stalin at all . 
   bandera was arrested by nazies ( nazis ? ), 
  on the 5th of july 1941 yea , and released 2 days later . 
  he was only arrested in earnest in september . 
  but i agree , he personally did n't burn those villages - as stalin did n't personally starve all those people . 
  his organization that followed his ideals did . 
  but we digress . 
  i just pointed out that erecting monuments is not a sign of state-wide support . 
   also you still have not answered how you commemorate the victims of the famine . 
  we have commemoration of stalin victims ( all of them , without separation to famine , gulag victims or anyone else ) every year on october 29th . 
  what we do n't have is a popularized state-wide show like it is in ukraine . 
  we do n't create a name that 's similar to holocaust just to get more attention from the other countries and earn sympathy points at the expense of other countries . 
  famine ended over 80 years ago . 
  we had even more people dead soon afterwards , in wwii . 
  should we make a show of how we deeply care about all of those people every year ? 
  caring about living is harder than solemnly mourning the dead , so we do that instead . 
  all the outrage at putin and russia in the last 5-8 years can be summed up with `` how dare they play our game with their own goals ? '', 
  finding dirt on politicians , manipulating public perceptions , creating a political system where spending billions on elections is a norm , overthrowing legitimately voted presidents , waging wars half a world away etc were all present long before putin was even born . 
  the western media is not outraged for stuff russia does . 
  it 's outraged that upstart russia does it , instead of some other , `` good '' country . 
  `` he retired close to a decade ago '' is considered to be a fair point , while almost all of the topics about russia inevitable recall stalin 's crimes , while that guy is dead for over 60 years . 
  it 's not easy , because the powder keg only exists in the minds of those who never lived here . 
  the idea that tatars or bashkirs can rebel and try to secede is laughable for both ethnic russians and tatars/bashkirs . 
  most nations are completely assimilated , with only powder keg existing in the caucuses region , which is why kadyrov is paid that much money to hold them in check . 
  while it is possible that some separatist movements can appear in the next 10 years ( noone can be assured that they do n't ) , there 's no ` powder keg ' currently . 
  of course we all love him . 
  i personally worship his divine shadow three times a day , right after i finish eating an eastern european baby . 
  there are people who love him , the same way there are people who hate him . 
  trying to spread the dozen small busts installed in various towns as a countrywide love of over a hundred millions people ( not all of whom are even russian ) is a nice way to generalize and obfuscate . 
  ukraine is erecting memorials to bandera , who was a nazist , guilty of burning down whole villages just because of the nationality of inhabitants . 
  does it make ukrainians nazi-lovers ? 
  of course not . 
  yet you do n't extend the same to our country . 
   what russia and especially what stalin did to ukrainian people . 
  stalin was georgian , so blame georgia for his deeds . 
  oh wait , you ca n't , because georgia is your friend !, 
  why is russia blamed for the things ukrainian bolsheviks did to ukrainian kulaks by the order of a georgian despot ? 
   because you need to announce a protest so the mayor can ensure public safety , if you do n't the mayor ca n't ensure safety and may shut it down . 
  you wo n't believe it ( of course ) , but same precise reason is used in russia . 
  that 's why even peaceful meetings need to be authorized before - those people did n't do it . 
  and those guys in the article were simply detained , not arrested or jailed . 
  kulaks were not a part of a national group . 
  kulaks of all nationalities were targeted . 
  kulaks were a part of economic group , not national , ethnic or racial . 
  his comment was about exterminating the sub-class of ` kulaks ' and replacing it with collective farms ( kolkhozes ) . 
   enslavement on collective farms . 
  sorry , your third point is not correct . 
  there was no enslavement on collective farms , it 's not how kolkhozes worked . 
  roughly it was a way to eliminate the old pyramid structure : serfs pay ( in natural or service form ) to barin ( feudal landowner , think baron or count ) , barin pays to tzar . 
  as tzar and barins were eliminated ( usually physically , via execution or emigration ) , the direct ` taxation ' of the people was needed . 
  but the classic taxation was based on `` souls '' , i.e. 
  per person . 
  that made a problem with ` kulaks ' , wealthy serfs and farmers , who had a lot of accumulated wealth but paid the same tax as everyone . 
  and as there was no way to learn how much they owned , and taxes were crippling to average people , only decentralization ( by reintroducing the alternative to local barins ) could handle those , and that was against socialist beliefs . 
  the idea of a kolkhoz was made , where everyone in the community worked together on a state-owned property , and received a portion of the results directly - e.g. 
  not `` you farm , you keep everything , then pay a tax '' , but `` you farm , kolkhoz keeps everything , kolkhoz gives you the part you need '' . 
  kulaks were disinterested in joining kolkhozes simply because they got more by using their own property , so there was a need for restructuring - and stalin , being the monster he is , decided to simply starve them out . 
  but i digress . 
  kolkhozes never had ` enslavement ' , they were actually voluntary ( to a less degree under stalin , but still voluntary ) , which was the crux of the problem . 
  ideally , kolkhozes were a way to redistribute earned goods between government and all the people in the community , and disallow the creation of new elites on the low level . 
  they never were about enslavement , they were about equalizing everyone . 
  maybe because islamophobia really is n't racism ? 
  there 's a huge difference between a human race and a human belief . 
  you opt for a belief , you do n't opt for a race . 
  racism is hatred towards something a person is not able to change or choose ; belief-based hatred is very different , it condemns the choice of a person , not his inherent quality . 
  while both are hatred towards a wide array of people , their essence is different . 
  that 's why the distinction has to be made , and it 's not just semantics . 
  if you use the same word for every bad deed , we will soon devolve into black-or-white mentality , into classical `` bad guys vs good guys '' . 
  it 's a very simple thing to do , but is ultimately a step towards idiocracy and opinion manipulation . 
  i think he means people from volga and stavropol regions , who also died in throngs . 
  do n't make all of it about ethnic ukrainians . 
   the problem is that russia does not care about how many russians died .
