  christians to muslims are roughly like catholics to protestants on a higher tier . 
  of course , that does n't stop the most reactionary muslims from doing just that . 
  so overall , i do n't see why bonding with christians would be seen as bad by non-radical muslims . 
  well , ok , if you go by things like unnamed `` science '' , and stress that i do n't have education . 
  you fail at basic math and even that does n't seem to faze you . 
  i guess i should flush my phd diploma then , because some random guy tells me that on reddit  also if you really understand anything about this topic you know that these numbers are good so , $ 2.5 b net profit of nokia ( half of which is from discontinued operations , aka passive income ) , is better than [ $ 5.5 b net profit of huawei ] ( http://www.huawei.com/en/about-huawei/annual-report/2015 ) and [ $ 23b of samsung ] ( https://news.samsung.com/global/samsung-electronics-announces-fourth-quarter-fy-2015-results ) , in your opinion ? 
  or you compared quarterly results with yearly ( a common rookie mistake , not expected from the scholar such as you ) ? 
  i wonder in what universe $ 2.5 b  $ 24b . 
  also , so nice of you to call $ 24b profit pathetic . 
  let 's compare something else , then !, 
  which kpi would you prefer ? 
  revenue ? 
  capitalization ? 
  how about [ top mobile brands ] ( http://www.phonearena.com/news/top-10-smartphone-makers-in-q1-2015-sony-and-microsoft-drop-out-of-the-picture-chinese-phone-makers-take-over_id69643 ) , the field where nokia ruled supreme 10 years ago ? 
  is there any kpi where nokia is better than these two `` crappy '' companies ? 
  i guess not . 
  but it 's still a very good tech company , while the others are shit , because reasons . 
  / s nokia is in an ok position for a company that was basically thrown away from the market . 
  it is a better company than many . 
  but it 's nowhere near its past glory , and even `` making money out of air '' is a good severance package , but it 's not a healthy sign . 
  if it grew at the rate of ` crappy ' samsung , it would 've had $ 30b + profit now , and in the fortune 500 list . 
  i know you russians for some reason love china but propaganda has no place in business . 
  what propaganda ? 
  huawei , a company that was a rather small corporation that just started to branch out in international scene 15 years ago , now has both higher net revenue and net profit than nokia , which was a leader in telecom same 15 years ago . 
  what propaganda am i giving to you ? 
  just some facts that does n't conform to your point of view ? 
  `` omg how dare he say that some chinese upstart can be in even the same ballpark as our holy scandinavian company ??? '', 
  - is that it ? 
  i 'm not saying huawei is a very good company , it has a lot of problems , but it 's still in the expansion stage , where profits do n't really matter , and already overtook many of the western competitors . 
  passive income is a good way to stay alive , but it 's not the endgame if both your revenue and profit shrink . 
  yes , nokia did better in the last 3 years , but that only partly offsets their failure before . 
  nokia and microsoft were examples of how not to lead business just 3 years ago ( your education should 've given that to you , if you had it in the first place ) , both companies did make some steps to offset it , like ms with its surface tablets ,  google alphapet , microsoft , apple if you want to see some real tech companies making money . 
  alphabet and apple are good , no doubts about them , and they are the top tech companies in the world . 
  they would 've been a good example . 
  microsoft made several huge blunders with win8 and their first line of mobile phones ; they 've since made very good progress with correcting that blunder , after sacking steve ballmer and the move to win10 and a pretty successful surface line . 
  so yea , they are much better examples , which i already highlighted . 
  you know the problem with passive income ? 
  it is a very nice source of cash , but it ca n't be maintained indefinitely without significant r&d expense . 
  and r&d costs a lot of money , and nokia , unlike , say , ibm or microsoft , do n't have that . 
  are you sure nokia will have the same level of passive income in 10 years , after samsung replaces their patented tech with something different ? 
  passive income is awesome for an individual . 
  it is not for a company . 
  do you think google , apple , microsofit , cisco would 've been market leaders if they switched to passive income ? 
  why do you even defend nokia so much , it 's a known case of how a company can fail . 
   why do you keep talking about nokia anyways ? 
  communism has fallen , big and slow companies are not what drives growth in today 's world . 
  in every advanced country most people work for small to medium sized firms . 
  i just highlighted that your example of nokia is a very poor one , which got you started at how they are actually in far better position than companies with better revenue , income and growth . 
  what does communism have to do with anything ? 
  first , communism was never even achieved ( which you might 've known , if you had any education / s ) ; second , china looks pretty fine at being # 2 gdp in the world under a communist party governance , and you ca n't call it irrelevant or failing in good faith ; third , i never said a word about communism , just that western liberalism is not the only way of doing successful business . 
  microsoft , apple and google/alphabet are big and slow companies , walmart ( top 1 in fortune 500 , you know ) is as cumbersome as it can be , it is a dreadnought . 
  small and medium-sized firms are all fine and dandy , but they are not the market drivers . 
  small/medium companies might be nicer places to work in , especially if you do n't really have high ambitions , but they wo n't be setting trends . 
  the best outcome for a small/medium company is to produce an innovation that makes them in a large company . 
  you know , i see that you have some theoretical knowledge , but your knowledge of telecom market leaves a lot to be desired . 
  please study things harder if you wish to ` educate ' other people . 
   umm it 's like 30 or 20 billion company and they make nice profits . 
  all possible because of education . 
  guess what the average salary in tech ? 
  yea `` make nice profits '' is not a success story . 
  wan na see it in dynamic ? 
  simple comparison of net revenue in billion dollars : company | origin | 2015 | 2006 -- | -- | -- :| -- : nokia | finland | $ 14b | $ 51b samsung | n.korea | $ 47b | $ 14b huawei | china | $ 60b | $ 8b going from the innovative lead on the market to the royalty-reaping underdog is not a good example of how good education triumphs over repressive societies , or huawei would n't see a 650 % growth where nokia has seen 73 % decline . 
  if you wanted to make an example , you could 've chosen a company like cisco , ericsson or even apple , and that would 've been a better point . 
  nokia , while still a multibillion dollar company , is not a story of success , it 's a story of how a successful market leader can drop down fast for being inefficient and non-adaptable . 
  tech salaries are oh so captivating , but the business reality is kinda harsher . 
  nokia failed so hard that it 's not a good example of efficiency . 
  it was a brilliant tech company that simply collapsed , while , say , samsung is alive and prosperous . 
  of course it 's good to receive some free cash , but that 's just a small part of expense for a big company . 
  they could have so much more . 
   yea this was kinda my point . 
  you need to be smart and efficient , no need for basically any natural resources etc. 
  stupid and unfree people can never reach that level ... 
  yet somehow china is still far more relevant to the world economy than italy . 
  i 've listened to a lot of talks on how democracy , freedom , free speech and free market are imperative to success and strong economy , from a wide range of western academicians . 
  yet somehow they can not explain how china and japan got their success without those things . 
  hell , forget about china , usa is # 1 , and it had blatant apartheid till 1960s ( when it established itself as a world leader ) , and is not even a proper democracy right now , unlike many countries in europe . 
  i mean , come on , employees from nokia and alcatel are right now teaching huawei , zte and xiaomi how to conduct business ... yet where are those very nokia and alcatel , while those chinese companies are slowly taking over the market ? 
  maybe , just maybe , there 's more than one path to success ? 
   but do you actually believe that hiring soldiers and not paying them well helps russia somehow ? 
  increased military spending in russia has almost nothing to do with hiring soldiers ; for instance , the number of officers was cut down by 60 % , and number of soldiers is more or less stable , as they 're mostly draftees . 
  it has a lot to do with modernization of the vehicle park ( including introduction of drones and new tank platform ) , basic weaponry , stuff like new uniforms and most important part - improved logistics . 
   why would you use the ppp ? 
  because we 're talking about military expenditure . 
  our country , and most other leaders in the field , does n't purchase the weaponry and does n't hire mercenaries . 
  for military budget ppp makes far more sense than nominal . 
  just compare the salary of a soldier in , say , france and russia ; or compare the costs to make a mbt . 
  russia will have far less costs . 
  that is why in the question of military expenditure for any country with a developed military complex gdp ( ppp ) is a far better metric . 
  for consumer goods , it would be different , unless you 're a place where most of them are produced ( like china ) . 
   italy is over 2 times bigger , not bad for a relatively small country that everyone considers poor in europe it 's not , 1.8 t for italy , 1.3 t for russia , [ nominal per world bank for 2015 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_\\ ( nominal \\ ) ) . 
  and while italy is a relatively small country , it 's in top 3 for gold reserves in the world , has a lot of financial holdings , a huge economic sector , lots of trade and an immense industrial sector - second only to germany in europe . 
  it 's a world leader in its own right , not simply a small country . 
  i do n't know who considers italy to be a poor country , really . 
  edit :   5 % of russian gdp equals to 3.2 %  i really wonder where you studied economics :d i really wonder where you studied math . 
  5.2 % of 1.3 t is the same as 3.6 % of 1.8 t. 
  i was even more generous to italian gdp . 
   all the academics agree on the importance of education and all the entrepreneurs agree on the importance of capitalism . 
  you have a lot of good points , but just pouring money in education and hope that someday it will bear fruit is only good if your economy in general is doing good . 
  when it 's not really healthy , you need to go for shorter cash ( in a manner of speaking ) . 
  err is it a pissing contest ?
