  / s russia sells to whoever buys . 
  if the contract is signed it expects payment - like any country or company in the world . 
  most countries use credit , but not all of them abuse it . 
  ukraine is not reliable because it fails to pay the debts , and that 's it . 
  would you prefer to see no gas sold to ukraine from russia at all ? 
  because that would hurt ukraine much , much more than russia . 
   for what reason ukraine refused to buy it from russia and prefers to buy it from europe ? 
  because it strives to get a better price from europe ( but we both know that it 's a temporary solution , which is why the talks are still ongoing ) . 
  it does n't prefer to buy from europe just because europe is reliable , it tries to get a better price . 
  another reason is russia is not trying to tolerate the chronic non-payment from ukraine and demands prepayment , while european countries are more lenient . 
  it 's all about the money . 
   maybe because russia is not a reliable sellers which changes prices or refuses to supply gas depending on one person 's mood ? 
  does this sound reasonable to you ? 
  russia never refused to supply gas `` depending on one person 's mood '' , the gas export is too important to toy with that . 
  ukraine , on the other hand , really loves to renegotiate the prices once it understands that it ca n't pay . 
  changing the price was done after sevastopol base rent discount ( ~ $ 100/1000m3 ) evaporated as ukraine no longer held the base . 
  the base price of $ 385 was agreed upon by [ eu , ukraine and russia ] ( http://www.osw.waw.pl/en/publikacje/analyses/2014-10-08/gas-negotiations-ukraine-russia-eu-war-attrition ) back in 2014 , [ later in 2015 ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/energy/trilateral-talks-ukraines-gas-supplies-fall-apart-315892 ) russia gave further discount to $ 286 , last year went beyond the contract terms to lower it to $ 240 - and still ukraine demanded even lower price !, 
  to quote the article : * russia had earlier offered to keep the price it charges ukraine through the end of september at $ 247.18 per thousand cubic metres of gas . 
  that figure represents a $ 40 discount from the price russia had the right to set under the terms of a prior agreement . 
  * * but novak ( ... ) suggests that ukraine was asking for the price to be lowered by about $ 86 per thousand cubic metres -- more than double the $ 40 moscow had submitted at the talks . 
  * even germany , the golden preferred buyer , gets its gas at the minimum of $ 220 , and ukraine , the buyer with the worst payment history wants less . 
  oh , so russia was just doing a hissing fit out of nowhere to intimidate the only glorious country on earth . 
  and decided to cut the gas just because it did n't like the prosperous ukraine . 
  this must be just something that multiple english-speaking sources agree upon , but still somehow caused by propaganda . 
  but ok , let 's forget all about this theft altogether . 
  do you really imply that ukraine was a reliable buyer and never had any problems with payments , price disputes and earned the right to have the lowest prices in europe ( because you compare to germany , which is a golden preferred customer , you know ) ? 
  bulgaria and macedonia ( not the wealthiest countries ) paid over $ 500 when ukraine demanded their price to be lowered from $ 170 to $ 80 just because it did n't want to pay . 
  does that sound reliable to you ? 
   and this guy is russia . 
  because that bastard killed some of the family members afterwards to annex part of the house . 
  first , almost noone was killed during `` annexation '' , unlike in other parts of ukraine . 
  luhansk shelling ? 
  that was not russia , you know . 
  second , it 's more of taking abused child into custody before it suffers more while the broke parents are knifing each other . 
  but sure `` killed some of the family members '' . 
  you heard ? 
  it was lower or at the same level as to germany , even considering that germany is the ultimately trustworthy partner that 's ordering huge amounts and had never had a problem with payment , receiving large discounts because of their reliability , and ukraine was absolutely the opposite . 
  before the gas disputes the gas price for cis countries was much lower than to any country in europe . 
   ukrainian `` unreliability '' or russia using gas for blackmailing ? 
  do you even know [ history ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russia%e2%80%93ukraine_gas_disputes ) ? 
  * a serious dispute began in march 2005 over the price of natural gas supplied and the cost of transit . 
  during this conflict , russia claimed ukraine was not paying for gas , but diverting that which was intended to be exported to the eu from the pipelines . 
  ukrainian officials at first denied the accusation , but later * ** naftohaz admitted that natural gas intended for other european countries was retained and used for domestic needs ** . 
  * the dispute reached a crescendo on 1 january 2006 , when russia cut off all gas supplies passing through ukrainian territory . 
  * ukraine admitted that they were stealing gas going via transit , and only after it was cut off , they were pressured by europe to comply with the contract terms . 
  i guess that 's pure russian `` blackmailing '' , while ukraine was completely reliable ? 
  sevastopol base was not free rent , ukraine received a huge discount on gas for it , almost 40 % . 
  and still failed to pay . 
  and gas transit through ukraine was never cheap , especially due to unreliability of the ukrainian side in the past ( the whole deal with stopping the gas or diverting it inside the country instead of transit to europe back in 2006-2008 ) . 
  saying that ukraine was propping russian economy is like saying that one guy who buys your bread at half-price or outright steals it ( when there are dozens of guys who buy it at full price or even at premium ) is feeding your family . 
  rent is actually pretty cheap in russia , as most of the population own their homes . 
  for instance , for my 3-room apartment in moscow i pay 7k rub ( = $ 100 ) monthly , and it 's considered high , usually it 's closer to 3.5-4k rub ( = $ 60 ) . 
  food generally takes a higher percentage of your monthly expense . 
  unless you 're actually renting the apartment from some other guy , which can be expensive . 
  but then it usually means you 're living in a city with higher wages . 
  switzerland , a fully-landlocked country , is home to the most badass soldiers in europe . 
  before xix century they effectively exported special forces . 
  in the middle of xix , they started building up the banking system as a means to stay neutral . 
  none of the issues in the article would matter if there were no powerful belligerent states that can threaten any country . 
  sadly , we 're not living in the unicorn world . 
   first you need to understand that in russia courts have 95 % conviction rates . 
  second you need to understand that the legislation system is not like in usa . 
  if there 's a decent chance the case will not resolve in ` guilty ' verdict , it will be dismissed by the judge before going to open court ; the court function is more of choosing the punishment . 
  fyi , japan has absolutely the same court system with over 99 % conviction rate . 
  older russian ( or rather ex-soviet ) people are far more gullible when it comes to tv news . 
  that comes from a lifetime when the tv news and state newspapers were the only reliable sources of any information ( still skewed , but when you have no options , you do n't really think about it ) . 
  so they believe that with all their hearts . 
  just as an anecdotal example : my grandmother wanted to go to a farmer 's market located in the other half of moscow because 30 years ago it was a very good place to get fresh vegetables ( but could n't go as she has severe pain in the knees , and despises taxi service ) . 
  i went there and saw that the farmer 's market disappeared long ago , and even made photos - still she did n't believe me , thinking that i was mistaken , because ` youngsters nowadays ca n't find their own arse with both hands ' . 
  and only after she saw a short report on tv that this farmer 's market was abolished to make way place for a new electronics shop , she believed that it was gone . 
  most people younger than 40 ( or even 50 ) are different . 
  internet is the main source of information for increased number of russians ; most educated 20-30 y.o. 
  do n't even watch tv news . 
  just imagine a person who never even heard about marvel/dc comics and is completely unfamiliar with the whole `` super-hero '' concept seeing something like avengers . 
  why are people dressed like that ? 
  why do they have these powers and everyone around is ok with that ? 
  why is the mythological scandinavian god of warfare and thunder is running around usa spouting not really funny one-liners ? 
  what the hell is wrong with that plot ? 
  who are these guys and why are they called heroes while destroying cities ? 
  why do n't police arrest them ? 
  of course , it 's not a very good example , as the movie is action-packed and has merits due to something happening all the time on the screen , not relying on the story and plot as its highlights , but it would still be very confusing . 
  same with father frost - if you do n't know the mythological background of the classic fairy tale , you wo n't be able to appreciate it . 
  still , the female protagonist acting was beyond awful . 
  while i 'm not the fan of the guy ( he really announces crusades against the windmills , without the long game in sight ) , all the cases against him are so circumstantial that half the russian population can be jailed for less . 
  for instance , any of the lawyers in the company ( forbes 500 international giant ) i work did the same consultations as he did . 
  he might not be as innocent as a newborn child , but he 's definitely on the completely different level than the people he 's exposing . 
  the fact that the only case that the government could 've used against him was that dubious consultation for `` kirovles '' , where he was n't even a beneficiary , already speaks volumes on his relative innocence . 
  i find that poles and russians are actually very alike socially . 
  both countries are very conservative , with strong pack mentality ( aka - one guy did something outstanding = we 're proud of it ; one guy did something shameful = we apologize for him ) , and with attitude towards motherland that is a mix of pride , disgust and defensiveness . 
   for some reason , i do n't think you 're being fair here . 
  it 's like people in eastern ukraine were some peaceful people that did n't agree with changes in kyiv and they 're being killed for that . 
  yea , they armed themselves and demanded autonomy . 
  they did n't march to kyiv with those arms , they were sitting in their home cities . 
  did ukrainian government even try to negotiate ? 
  no , they just sent their army , and once the army started deserting , armed ultranationalists . 
  i do n't think what donbass separatists demanded was fair or even realistic . 
  but shelling living quarters just because there are active militants there is the same shit our country did in chechnya , and was universally condemned for - with the difference that the rest of ukraine was not touched by donbass terrorist attacks like russia was hit by chechen terrorist attacks and kidnappings . 
  neither did donbass separatists assault surrounding areas like chechens did . 
  but chechen wars were an imperialistic crusade , and donbass ato is something just and good ( they do n't even call it a war , despite fighting for over 1.5 years ) . 
   i kinda would n't include such people as my own that are armed and fight for other country already .
