  given that russia just launched a first strike on someone who is not a threat to it , the us is going to pick eating 20 million dead americans over 160 million dead americans any day of the week . 
  you 're completely incorrect . 
  we 're not talking about icbms here , we 're talking about backpack nukes and tactical nukes used in a local conflict . 
  the outrage will be huge , but how is using a backpack nuke different from high-yield bombs ? 
  if you think that any large country will risk full-scale icbm retaliation just because a small nuke in a small country obliterated some 1000 soldiers , you 're deluded . 
  usa or eu will never risk any of their cities targeted , unless there 's a real war between major powers - they will use other methods first , but certainly not launching all their nukes . 
  noone is going to sacrifice their civilians because someone somewhere used a certain weapon . 
  you do n't see eu starting wars just because some militaries in asia use cluster bombs , do you ? 
  not fanatically , do n't believe media bullshit . 
  he 's viewed by most as `` at last we have a leader that is n't total shit , improving stuff at home and having balls to not play agree-monkey to anything the west says in the international arena '' . 
  most ( at least most educated ) people know that putin is n't the ideal god-emperor who needs to be worshipped , but at least he 's competent , which is a far cry from our last ... erm ... 5 or so country leaders . 
  yes , we all know of his corruption and power trips , he 's got tons of criticism , but overall , in the current climate he 's the best thing we have . 
  i would prefer to see medvedev back , as he 's more liberal and oriented towards `` go high-teching not oil-pumping '' future , and less militaristic , but their policies are not that different overall . 
  and we have a very strong `` do n't you dare shit on our guy , it 's our prerogative ! '', 
  vibe . 
  we can criticize our president , not the guys who sucker punched us in the 1990s . 
  that 's more of the reason of his skyrocketing ratings in the last couple years than anything else - and yes , it 's exploited by our propaganda machine . 
  another reason is russia went on prospering under putin , and foreigners who claim he 's an ultimate evil are automatically viewed as `` you do n't want to see us prosper = you are our enemy '' . 
  and if you remove the whole putin 's team from power , i really doubt that some eu-loving liberal can become a president . 
  more likely that will be some hard-ass with far more offensive and imperialistic tendencies , waging wars on all the neighbors , that will plunge us back in the 60s . 
  maybe in 3-4 years there will be a better option than putin , but currently we - and you - are stuck with him . 
  he is the better choice , even if that 's because he eliminated any serious opposition . 
  i really hope we can get a new , softer leader soon , but not right now . 
  tl ; dr it 's not fanatical worship as you make it sound , it 's more of support of the guy that made our country prosper . 
  actually , no . 
  well , if you consider a full-blown nuclear exchange with obliterating whole countries - of course it 's a fantasy reserved for the next time russia faces full-scale invasion ( thanks , we 've had our fill in the last 300 years ) . 
  but simply using nukes in battle ? 
  why not ? 
  usa did it in war with japan , aiming at civilians , and that was pretty effective . 
  if russia goes to war with some small country and drops a nuke or two on its armies , do you think the world would suddenly trigger all their nukes and self-destruct ? 
  of course not . 
  it would open a huge can of worms , but wo n't lead to mad . 
  the problem with economics is that by enforcing its policies you already change the way people interact , and that people are both logical and illogical animals at the same time . 
  there were numerous experiments by economists where they replicated human economic behaviour in controlled conditions ( leisure park icecream economy and prison cigarette economy experiments come to mind ) , which is as close to lab conditions as it can get . 
  in layman terms , it 's akin to traffic , where you decide that running left line on an autobahn is faster , people see that , move there too - and left line is suddenly the slowest just because of your actions . 
  hell , medicine is not as predictable as we can see , and our bodies are explored for thousands of years - yet it 's still a problem to come to proper diagnosis and people die all the time due to doctors ' mistakes - and economics as a scientific field emerged about two hundred years ago . 
  also macroeconomics ( especially international ) are really complex . 
  there are literally tens of millions factors that define it . 
  it 's the quantum physics of economy , where there are mostly assumptions . 
  when physicists ca n't really come to consensus about black holes , noone starts saying `` pfft , physics is not even a science , just look at all that guessing , they contradict each other '' - probably because there are far less people influenced by physics research than economics . 
  there are some stereotypes about several siberian cities as well : omsk - a city where noone can leave and wierd shit happens . 
  twilight zone wierd , and local population is ok with it . 
  chelyabinsk - where the toughest of the tough live , enduring any hardship up to and including eating stones , going naked in -273 c and staring down charging bears . 
  tough , but not very smart . 
  any northern town - places where people wear huge funny furry hats and ussr still present . 
  of course any major shift in any country 's philosophy will result in bloodshed , it 's how people work , sadly . 
  should we remind you of all the blood spilt because of the religions ? 
  starting with crusades and ending with armenian genocide and isis ? 
  most religious countries on the planet are the source of the terrorism , aka indiscriminate killing of the civilians . 
  generally they do n't ` afford ' it . 
  they receive the watch as a gift from some lobbyists . 
  since 1980, 
  georgia also believed that back in 2008 . 
  all usa did in that conflict was complain about the lost jeeps ( and launch a media campaign , of course , but that goes without saying ) . 
  poland and baltics are wise to only rely on themselves , they are a natural alliance . 
  usa is known to abandon its allies half a world away . 
  i bet they already explained it when they moved in . 
  also , i do n't quite understand how punishing the ex-oligarchs that fled russia and withdrew their funds from the country would negatively affect russia . 
  can confirm . 
  i work here in moscow in a company where all the personnel is fluent in english , in a large multinational company . 
  not a single person i spoke to even knows of reddit . 
  in / r/russia there are maybe 5-6 people who actually live in russia . 
  do you really think ukraine 's economic problems are caused by putin ? 
  please read up on their [ history of economic impotence ] ( http://carnegieendowment.org/2012/03/09/underachiever-ukraine-s-economy-since-1991 ) , written in 2012 by carnegie endowment . 
  while ukraine 's political situation is a different matter , their economic status is of their own making . 
  chechnya was de-facto independent for several years between first and second chechen wars . 
  guess what they did with their freedom ? 
  i 'll keep you from guessing . 
  they started up ` islamic caliphate ' with the main business of kidnapping and ransom , much like isis beta-version . 
  then they invaded bordering dagestan republic ( part of russia ) - and that started the second chechen war . 
  after the wars ended , chechnya was rebuilt , billions were poured there . 
  it now prospers , even in comparison to the time before first chechen war ; yes , it 's far from paradise , especially due to local corruption , but at least it was modernized with all the infrastructure not only restored but upgraded . 
  and yet , even though people were taught that chechens are not the enemies , enmity remains . 
  there 's a difference between nationality and ethnicity . 
  a lot of people with russian nationality self-identification are not ethnically russian - they can be jewish , ukrainian , belorussian , even bashkirian or korean by ethnicity and still be russian by nationality . 
  the report is about ethnic russian , not russian nationality . 
  it 's still not `` 3 people out of 12 million '' , that 's a fallacy . 
  number of people even remotely interested in gay parades at the most generous estimation will not even be close to 100k , including those who hate them . 
  not 12000k , most are completely indifferent or at least passive about the issue . 
  most gays i know ( of both sexes ) , including the two i 've just spoke to on lunch break , do n't even think to go on some parade just because their preferences in men/women are different from majority . 
  they think that 's a dumb way to spend time , and would rather go on a date instead of fighting for some rights that are not even threatened . 
  it 's anecdotal evidence , true , much like yours , but it 's there . 
  you should always add `` in europe '' . 
  invading independent countries ** in europe ** in 21st century is absolutely f. . inappropriate behavior . 
  for the world outside europe it 's all fair game . 
  false comparison . 
  there are no 12 million gays in moscow , why would straight people - or even most gay people - feel the urge to conduct the `` pride parade '' in the first place ? 
  by that time you might not have a physical body at all . 
  either through some technological breakthrough , or through a more mundane nuclear conflict . 
  future is both hopeful and scary . 
  i admit i was wrong about ethnic cleansing definition , mistakenly considering it to be linked to killing , not deportations . 
  in that case - yes , ussr participated in etnic cleansing in stalin era . 
  not russia , though , ussr . 
  yet mass deportations and imprisonments were primarily done due to political reasons , not the desire to introduce russian supremacy , like you allege . 
  yes , there was the whole jew deportation thing , which i agree was ethnic-based , but the others were not . 
  ethnicity was never a big deal in ussr ; for instance the crimean tatar deportation was not based on ethnicity , it was a result of the crimean tatar community collaboration with nazi in wwii - yes , it was not selective , as stalin was big on family punishment , but without that collaboration it would n't have happened . 
  there were throngs of nationalities in ussr , singling out one of them was not done to preserve national purity , but for political reasons , to break down any semblance of power structures based on clans ( as can be seen in the middle east or even central asia nowadays ) , to enforce centralized rule . 
  ethnic cleansing in ussr were not done to replace local ethnicity with russian ( or ukrainian , or belorussian or whichever ) , it was done to replace local ethnic values with soviet values , which is a significant difference - russians ( being a major who were against soviet regime enjoyed as far a ride as those oppressed ethnicities . 
   russia has n't even acknowledged the shit it itself did like what , exactly ? 
  do you have examples ?
