  and it 's so pro-western , that eu does n't even want to associate with it . 
  ukraine today is much closer to the 1990s of russia than to modern europe . 
   the military alone will not make russia great again . 
  of course it wo n't . 
  like industry alone did not make germany great again . 
   china doesnt care about russia at all . 
  china cares only about money and power ( like , even moreso than other countries ) . 
  if there is money to be made and power to be gained by caring about russia , it will . 
   but try and mention politics and youll get the most retarded pro putin bullshit you can imagine . 
  its like talking about gun rights with a liberal american . 
  suddenly the common sense gets thrown overboard and the brain defaults to what has been pressed into it from infancy . 
  and somehow you assume that common sense has nothing to do with supporting putin . 
  it 's almost as if you alone have the real truth , and all the rest are deluded and mistaken . 
  did n't you think that from our point of view you are deluded and mistaken ? 
  or maybe not that , but your background and upbringing instills a different set of values - like you default to what has been pressed into you from infancy ? 
  it works both ways , you know . 
  you are completely sure that putin 's actions are inherently evil , senseless and disruptive to the point where other opinions must be faulty . 
  you said it yourself : rationally thinking , outgoing people , who live in germany - not some rednecks by any count - just start supporting that monster . 
  maybe there 's a reason for that support that you just ca n't see ? 
   let 's not pretend this anti-russian sentiment came from nowhere of course it did n't . 
  every country has something to be hated . 
  yet i do n't recall people saying `` fuck italy and all italians '' over berlusconi , even when he had pretty positive approval ratings . 
   most used to believe russia was becoming more integrated with the international community . 
  i do n't quite think that `` integrated '' is the word we used here . 
  `` sucking up '' was more of the term . 
  the problem with the western society is not that it 's bad - it 's the best we have on earth . 
  the problem is `` our way or highway '' point of view - whoever wants to deviate from one true path of freedom and transparency is ~ ~ literally ~ ~ figuratively devil incarnate . 
  and anyway , i do n't think we 're not integrated in the international society - just not integrated as a part of us-eu bloc . 
  would you say that china is not a part of international society or that it 's not integrated into it ? 
  and yet , china has more differences with eu than russia . 
   and given putin 's approval ratings , people believe what the media is printing . 
  that 's where you 're wrong . 
  approval ratings are not because of media frenzy - well , scratch that , not only because of media ( of course it has its effect ) . 
  approval ratings are that high because of a high number of factors , and getting back the national identity is much more important . 
  every country in the eastern europe has it the same way . 
  when ex-warsaw countries regained their complete independence , their first struggle was to find the identity . 
  some who were hurt less , like bulgary , did n't spend much time , others , like the baltics , still do it . 
  they found a part of their identity is hatred towards ussr and love towards free european values , which you can see even in this very post . 
  our part of identity is being an independent and sovereign actor on the international scene - note how being loved by foreigners is not part of it ; and we did n't have that part of identity for two decades . 
  you know the most common reaction about crimea takeover ? 
  `` oh my god , i did n't think our government had the balls to do just that '' . 
  because we were used to us being cautious and subservient , afraid of angering the west , appeasing , if you like . 
  that 's why the ratings skyrocketed , not because of imperialistic tendencies . 
  and the fact that crimea takeover was ( almost ) bloodless just scored more points . 
  media simply capitalized on that patriotic frenzy and makes sure the fires do n't dim fast . 
  it also serves as a counterweight to western media , which was very quick to compare putin to hitler and bloom with wwiii warnings . 
  not that i like that . 
  i simply refuse to watch tv these days , because it 's obnoxious . 
  i also dislike that reputation of being a strong brute is so popular . 
  but i do like that we regained at least some portions of our identity , and i see that people are seeing to the future not grimly , but with hope and joy , as it should be . 
  `` who cares about your thoughts even if they are correct , we will still believe in the better future ''  the one thing that ukraine really gained in this revolution a break from russian influence . 
  yea , that 's correct . 
  i 'm not sure that break is long-lasting , given how ukraine ca n't seem to improve on its own and eu just gave it a middle finger , but if it is and ukrainians are ready to suffer for that break - all the kudos to them , i really support that . 
  the former situation where russia was sponsoring ukraine for some intangible gain was much worse for both countries , in my opinion , if you disregard the geopolitical issues . 
  i think both our countries will be better off without one another . 
  the even funnier thing is that corruption in ukraine is higher now than under yanukovich , who was a hugely corrupt crook that deserved to be hanged . 
  and yet you consider that a victory . 
  your whole comment is one huge ad hominem . 
  ca n't you be better than that ? 
   who gives a fuck what the russians think . 
  they stand on no ground from which they can criticize others without criticizing themselves . 
  you do n't even understand . 
  guy # 1 says that a will happen if maidan succeeds ; guy # 2 says that b will happen if maidan succeeds . 
  maidan succeeds , 2 years later b happens . 
  but who cares what guy # 2 said , even if he was correct ? 
  he has no moral high ground in this case !, 
  that invalidates the truth completely !, 
   when people think of corruption , few would say poroshenko is the first thought that pops into their head . 
  putin , on the other hand . 
  in usa ? 
  of course they would . 
  in ukraine ? 
  heh , unless you watch the media , people do think that poroshenko is a corrupt fuck . 
  his rating is lower than yanukovich 's was before maidan , you know - and that 's not because people think he smells bad . 
   let me know how it goes when you get back from the gulags . 
  gulags do n't exist for over 50 years . 
  there are lots of free and living russians who openly defy putin and even issue ultimatums to him . 
  they are not hunted down by secret police . 
  your ludicrous final line just undermined whatever point you wanted to make . 
  ussr is definitely our history , but not our present . 
  and you equate ussr with russia with ease , which is why i think my country now is not as bad as i thought it is . 
   maybe you ca n't fathom your government actually being that bad oh , believe me , i can fathom . 
  your mistake is assuming that ussr treated russians any differently . 
  if you were n't inside kremlin walls or a part of the ` apparat ' , you were the same peasant for the system . 
  the difference is that warsaw pact countries had at least some access to the western world , we did n't - which was both a blessing and a curse . 
  what i do n't believe is that living in ussr was `` living hell '' or `` unending torture '' . 
  it was tough , and we were limited in many aspects , but there were good things that are easily dismissed - from no unemployment and lots of free clubs for children to free apartments and healthcare . 
  certainly , the good things do n't offset the bad ones or even compensate for them , but ussr was simply not the place where secret police stood at every corner and shot anyone on sight for thoughtcrime , as many younger redditors assume . 
  there were a lot of places on earth where living was far , far tougher and harsher , which younger guys born after ussr collapse do n't seem to comprehend . 
  anyway , why are you beating the dead horse again ? 
  ussr does n't even exist anymore . 
  you know , 5 years ago , before i discovered reddit , i was much more critical of my government . 
  seeing the amounts of shit that the western media and some of our `` western partners '' drop on my country , i was sure that the common people were as dismissive and critical thinking about it as we are about our media . 
  but now i see that a lot of foreigners really cling to the notion that ussr was the empire of evil with unending suffering , that there was never no place worse , and that nothing good can ever come from that place . 
  i see the reason why many western expats are scared to come to russia - fearmongering is so widespread it 's awful . 
  most foreigners still believe that the population of russia is dropping , that the only reason for observed prosperity is high oil prices , and that all our country is just some kind of gulag where you are expected to be prosecuted for any transgression unless you bribe the police . 
  we are judged - harshly - for every bit of bad thing we do , and most of our achievements are dismissed with a wave of hand and a snarky remark . 
  in the eyes of many redditors , the only two reasons to support the russian government are being a shill or being a brainwashed dimwit . 
  and in the face of that my attitude actually changed slightly . 
  i became more appreciative of the good things happening to me and mine , and of the good part of our government .
