  i can understand the attitude `` russia got what it was asking for '' , what i ca n't is `` well , that 's it , we 're done here , why do you overreact now ? '', 
  it 's not like russia starts invasion to turkey or shooting down its commercial marine . 
  purely economic sanctions , and turkey considers it `` emotional response '' . 
  funny of you to say that . 
  russia is in a far better position after the turkish attack on the plane . 
  it got moral high ground , another boost to support at home ( people were starting to go `` wtf are we doing there '' and now it 's `` they got one of ours , fk em , let 's bring more military there '' ) , finally have justification to bring advanced aa there - before it was hard to justify bringing s-400 there , and now it 's not to help an unpopular guy out , but to defend own assets - and also got a harder bargaining position on the economic front to turkey . 
  turkey , on the other hand , only got a boost to the self-image and internal support ( `` hell yea , we can take over anyone , do n't mess with us '' ) and ... that 's about it . 
  they did n't even defend their pet turkmen with that , only strengthened the resolve of the russian command . 
  so i do n't know what you are silently enjoying , really . 
  turkey done goofed , dude . 
  you can transport gas in other ways if you need some small quantity . 
  if you need enough to support the whole country , nothing beats pipelines , which is the fastest and cheapest transportation method , even sea tankers are more expensive . 
  also , gas , unlike oil , is harder to transfer via a ship , because you need a special lng terminal for that , which is also not that fast to build . 
  still faster than pipeline , but overall costs for gas will skyrocket if pipeline is no longer used . 
  this is all theoretical though , turkey needs to do far more shit to get russia to even talk about stopping gas . 
  unlike ukraine , turkey actually pays for gas . 
  first , pipelines are neither cheap nor fast to construct ; even in your own territory , on the plains , 1km of pipeline costs about 1m usd ( roughly ) , more if you need to cross mountains or water . 
  just see how long it takes russia to build a proper pipeline network to china and india . 
  i remember claims that it takes about 10 years of oil/gas export to recover the costs for the pipelines ' construction expenditure ( that was for chinese/indian pipeline , which is a really ambitious project , might be lower for turkey ) . 
  second , the only source of lng close enough to turkey that 's not russia is iran , and we all know that iran is much friendlier towards russia than turkey , and they wo n't be able to cover the turkish needs completely . 
  on the other hand , while russia can afford losing turkey as a customer , it wo n't like that because extra cash is always welcome and it will be harder to move the lng anywhere else . 
  net loser would be turkey , by far , but still not something to consider offhand . 
  which leads to the next point . 
  third , i fully agree that turkey would n't freeze . 
  it will take a lot more escalation for the gas card to be played by russia , because it 's a huge trump , and russia has other leverage against turkey , like tourism income , which will suffer even if official russia-turkey relations are mended in the next 3 months , as common people are much less forgiving , and there are other options for tourism , like bulgaria , spain or thailand . 
  tourism is a buyer 's market . 
  and who else would be those troops on the ground , i beg to ask ? 
  apart from syrians and iranian , i do n't see any option . 
  turks are clearly not interested in fighting isis while there are kurds about . 
  western countries will not send their troops , not after the iraq fiasco . 
  they will train and support locals , sell or even gift them weapons , but wo n't go themselves . 
  same goes for russia and china . 
  the `` moderate rebels '' will never pose a real threat to isis . 
  in case they won and toppled assad , they would rather carve a little piece of country for themselves and be done with it , proclaiming victory and coming of a new order , kurds will go on harrassing turkey and half the groups of ` moderates ' would go on fighting under isis banners . 
  so , really , only syrian and iranian armies remain . 
  yea , in all 15 seconds it got the warnings . 
  turkey issued warnings when the plane was 13 and 5 miles before the border . 
  do you know the velocity of a military plane like that ? 
  it takes literally seconds . 
  i actually think that it will be all politically . 
  but after that several turkish jets will go boom somewhere , and without clear origin . 
   and russia probably does n't want donbass ... after it bombarded and robbed it . 
  do you even follow what happens there ? 
  russia bombarded and robbed donbass ? 
  wtf ? 
  was n't it the glorious ukrainian army together with volunteer brigades that repeatedly shelled donetsk for months even before the separatists got heavy weaponry ? 
  was n't it glorious ukrainian army that stated that they have the right to indiscriminately bombard civilian districts just because `` terrorists '' are hiding there ? 
  i mean , ok , i understand that you hate/despise russia , but can you be so blind to deny that ukraine started shelling their own civilians ? 
  maybe separatists ( and russia ... and putin personally ! ), 
  shelled their own cities ? 
  i do n't want to excuse the actions of separatists , not after that tragic mistake with the plane that they were too pussy to even admit . 
  but how were the donetsk civilians guilty ? 
  did they deserve the shelling ? 
  i really doubt that without selling candies to russia ukrainian economy would collapse . 
  president 's fortune , on the other hand , will suffer far more , which is why it will go on . 
   ukraine just struggles for freedom last time i checked it gained freedom and independence almost 25 years ago . 
  having trade agreements is not a sign of a jail , you know . 
  poland used those 25 years to become a prosperous country , and ukraine squandered them away . 
  read up on [ this ] ( http://carnegieendowment.org/2012/03/09/underachiever-ukraine-s-economy-since-1991 ) , willya ? 
  this article was written before this whole conflict by carnegie endowment , so it 's not just wild russian propaganda . 
  russia is not trying to annex ukraine . 
  crimea - yea , but that 's a separate case , russia should have never lost it to ukraine in the first place , which was a matter of hot debate in the 1990s ( fk yeltsin 's decisions ) . 
  do you really think that donbass would still belong to ukraine if russia wanted it ? 
  unlike crimea it has no strategic value . 
  i have no idea , it was not my designation . 
  i was just pointing out that the war with all the dead people was not significant enough for the president to stop selling candies to the aggressors on his country . 
  ` minor war ' is something interesting . 
  it 's so minor that the ukrainian president still sells chocolate candies in russia made in his factories . 
  must be really minor , i guess . 
  thanks for that , it made much more sense than just wild `` ah , but they cheat '' attitude of many other people . 
  i wonder if you have the same opinion about france shootings . 
  i mean , france started bombing isis first . 
  they create more and more enemies for europe . 
  you reap what you sow . 
  am i doing it right ? 
  the logic is the same . 
  of course , but that was done on the level of government and army , not by some volunteers who simply did it . 
  the difference is that the government later rebuilds what it destroyed . 
  it destroys the property , but it 's not left in that state after the conflict is ended . 
  as were the burned moscow in 1812 rebuilt , as were russian , ukrainian and belorussian territories rebuilt in the 1960s after the wwii ended , as was chechnya completely rebuilt after the second chechen war ended . 
  so the state makes a decision to destroy something with the full understanding that they will have to rebuild it later . 
  but when some `` concerned citizens '' do that , they have no plans to rebuild it afterwards . 
  they just destroy , and let someone else care about rebuilding . 
  they do n't make decision to destroy with weighing all the options , they just strike out at non-militants . 
  that 's the underlying difference . 
  ukraine still treats it as an anti-terrorist operation and not war ( not even civil war ) . 
  and will go on calling it that . 
  while that makes sense , it 's not like the electricity is given free of charge . 
  crimea pays for that electricity , and for the poorest country in europe that 's not something irrelevant . 
  the whole situation is sad , really . 
  the actions of a group of far-right idiots only deepens the hate , and even ukrainian government is not crazy enough to sanction something like this , especially when together with the crimea , half of kherson district will also be deelectrified . 
  this is pure terrorism , aimed at common people for them to create tension and pressure on their government . 
  thank god there were no deaths ( yet ) , but overall it 's insane . 
  the user chewbacca does n't even live here . 
  and anyway , some anecdotal evidence is no evidence , especially for a multimillion country . 
  we have people worshipping hitler , satan , aliens and cthulhu , it does n't make it widespread . 
  i think it 's more to allow russia to show the finger . 
  come on , even baltic states natives understand that it 's a populist move from some politicians and nothing else . 
  i could understand them asking for apologies , but reparations are just plain stupid . 
   i find it heartbreaking how the russians have been conditioned to treat stalin as some misunderstood hero .
