you are completely ignorant of what leaded up to yanukovych declining to sign the eu - and of the conditions of everyday life in kyiv and ukraine at the time . 
  was it signed afterwards ? 
  afaik yatzenyuk declined to sign it for at least 4 months , no idea of the current status . 
  there was a problem with government subsidiaries to the population , and requiring reforms , which would force doubling or tripling the cost of gas to common citizens . 
  and if you even try to imply that nowadays the quality of life in kyiv and ukraine are better than before maidan ( yea , right , with hryvnia down in the drain , empty treasury and calls from the government to start spend less electricity and start saving ) , you must be living on mars . 
  even in russia , where the financial difficulties are much , much milder , the same lifestyle costs 20-25 % more than 2 years before - in ukraine it would be 80 % -100 % higher . 
  and if you ever took a bank loan in foreign currency in ukraine , you 're nothing short of screwed . 
  the only people who would not notice a difference are the ones paid in dollars/euro , obviously , but those are very small minority . 
   and it was not ukrainian soldiers who began shelling donbas . 
  there is russian regular army there and this is a fact . 
  even the presence of `` russian regular army '' there does n't make indiscriminately shelling the civilians without even trying to evacuate them or initiate peace talks just or even acceptable . 
  that `` russian regular army '' is not shelling kyiv , you know . 
  how many civilian ukrainians died in their homes from the actions of their own army under the `` terror regime '' of the corrupted yanukovich ? 
  how many young men were scared to go to work or institute just because they can be forcibly sent to fight the `` russian regular army '' in donbass ? 
   crimea would have happened regardless , it had been planned for years . 
  source , please ( preferrably non-ukrainian source , as we all know that ancient ukrs were not the source of life on earth , as some of the modern ukrainian `` scholars '' claim ) . 
  i 've seen reports that crimea was planned 2 weeks before , but nothing about years . 
  unless you mean military contingency plans , which cover every situation possible , even alien invasions and nuclear attacks on moscow captured by enemies - those plans do n't mean anything real , you know . 
   you are repeating stereotypes and not facts . 
  so are you . 
  yea , the president ran away without any cause , i guess . 
  it 's not like he actually agreed to conduct the elections ahead of schedule and all the other demands and still was chased by an angry armed mob was gathering outside the rada . 
  and mps voted without armed ultra-nationalists standing outside the rooms . 
  oh , and the actual quorum was also reached , too . 
  so when armed citizens take government buildings by force and facilitate the change of government it 's not called a coup . 
  and voting whlie being guarded by armed men is free of duress . 
  then you 'd say that crimea seceded peacefully too ? 
  because what happened there was mirroring kiev ( only with much less blood and with support of 90 % population , not ~ 60 % ) . 
  so you mean to say that situation was so dire that waiting for 6 months was completely out of the question ? 
  i guess now people are not imprisoned without a fair trial - they are simply burned alive or shelled with artillery , that 's an improvement , do n't you think ? 
  maidan initially gathered not because of the police brutality or unfair imprisonment , it was mainly anti-presidential and for eu cooperation support . 
  the police were shooting at protesters in one square of the capital , not all over the country ; and those `` non-violent '' protesters were throwing molotov cocktails at the police ffs . 
  it 's not like there was only one side to it . 
  i still agree that yanukovich had to go , but you chose probably one of the worst ways to facilitate that . 
   poroshenko is a man of business and despite corruption and doubtful connections , he managed to build an international business with a clean reputation and an actually good and popular product . 
  i fail to see how being a good entrepreneur ( read : being good at expanding personal wealth ) is a much better background for the executive power of a country . 
  that 's great for being a good minister of commerce , not president . 
  running a country is completely different from running a company - a country does n't have to earn maximum profit or operate with a competition ( apart from international trade , which is a province of a minister of commerce and probably minister of finance ) , it has to spend as much as it can efficiently - the government is effectively the ruling body of a non-profit organization with the ( ideal ) goal of improving the population and finding its niche in the world . 
  it 's so very different from anything else that any type of skill is useful . 
  my point is that presidents should be judged by their actual deeds , not their background or credentials . 
  and while i wo n't deny that yanuk was a piece of shit , i 'm not convinced that poroshenko is much better , despite his background . 
  he expands his own wealth ( despite claims that he 'd sell off all his private companies , his capitalization has increased many times over since becoming a president ) , while the income of an average ukrainian drops , all the while ordering the military to attack cities without evacuated civilians . 
  i mean , he might become all you think about him in the future , but right now i do n't see how one thieving oligarch is better than the other . 
  at least yanuk did n't have the gall to order the military to attack civilians , you know . 
  and anyway , i still do n't understand why ukrainians could n't postpone a coup till after elections . 
  you could 've had a chance at peacefully electing the same poroshenko if you just waited 5-6 months ( or even less , yanuk agreed to earlier elections ) , as it happened after the orange revolution , and if yanuk somehow rigged the elections - then you 'd have a much more legitimate background on overthrowing him . 
  that 's why i also think maidan failed - it was never meant to be a violent coup , which it ultimately devolved into . 
   the real problem is that by maintaining putin in power , you probably prevent the emergence of better leaders that reasoning goes both ways though . 
  by keeping him there we also prevent the emergence of worse leaders . 
  and while it 's nice to hope for the best , we had a looooong streak of inefficient rulers and really shaky past . 
  sacrificing the better in order to avoid the worse is good in our book , at least for now . 
  in a decade , that might change . 
  while we all long for summer , spring will do if it means no winter . 
  and what changed ? 
  did you find anyone better ? 
  all the guys who are currently in power are the same ones . 
  poroshenko was feasting with yanukovych at his dacha several years ago . 
  he 's the same type of greedy oligarch , he simply was in the power not that long . 
  and i would n't call his reign a time of peace and prosperity either , especially as most young adult guys are scared of being drafted to fight in the ato when they go to work or institute . 
  while that 's true , even before putin the opposition did a fine job of discrediting itself . 
  one of the leaders of the opposition to the oldschool soviet-style governance , a liberal named yavlinskiy , invited the bunch of harvard economists whose advice did more destruction to the russian fledgling economy than anything else . 
  the liberal parties ' popularity waned ever since . 
  they did the talk , but once appointed to actual government positions did nothing that they talked about . 
  so it 's not just putin killing off his enemies ( he 's more famous for killing the journalists than politicians ) , it 's more of his staunchest opponents being raving mad . 
  of course , now there are more real options at opposition , starting with some of the formerly putin 's guys , but they will have to earn the reputation the hard way , after the fiasco of the ol opposition . 
  the collapse of ussr even happened due to mutual desire of both the ruling party and the people to abandon it . 
  gorbachev was really serious about his reforms - he still had the means to establish the terror state stalin-style , or even use military to intimidate the neighbors khruschev-style , but everyone understood that it 's a deadend . 
  hence the dissolution of the warsaw pact and soon the union itself . 
  after the collapse of the ussr we basicaly prostrated ourselves before our new western overlords ( economically speaking ) . 
  we acknowledged that planned economy does n't work and asked for help in rebuilding . 
  what we got in the end was monetarist economy that plainly did n't work ; there were american and european consultants from various endowments - but mostly the harvard team invited by yavlinsky , leader of one of the newly founded liberal parties in russia - that should 've helped rebuilding russia as a capitalist state . 
  they advised on doing the privatisation of the economy using the free vouchers given to every citizen ( that we could exchange for shares of the state-owned companies ) and other means that ultimately failed - most vouchers were either bought out by savvy future oligarchs , or scammed away through various newly formed firms ; people were overwhelmed with the number of new companies and abundance of advertisement . 
  remember , there was no such thing as mass advertisement in ussr - there were literally 2 ads in the whole union and they have n't changed for years ( `` store your cash in sberbank '' and `` fly aeroflot planes '' , there were also things like `` drink beer '' and `` eat crabs '' but those are not ads per se ) . 
  people were dazed and confused . 
  the changes to the state economy they proposed also implied basic economic knowledge of the common citizens , like ` keeping your savings in the banks and taking loans ' , which the soviet citizens were completely oblivious too , and being uncertain in the future kept the cash at home , thus resulting in the bank system to be irrelevant and deepening the hyperinflation . 
  the hyperinflation also led to the `` prosper '' of the stock & bond market - which was also deemed good by the consultants - but the `` prosperity '' came to the point where it was far more profitable to simply buy government bonds than start a business , which unsurprisingly resulted in a huge collapse and the first russian financial crisis in the late 1990s . 
  all the while we were praised for bold financial reforms and going the right way by the west while the whole population apart from a very small percentage suffered . 
  you can read a bit about the history from one of the consultants [ here ] ( http://jeffsachs.org/2012/03/what-i-did-in-russia/ ) , but just take it with a bit of salt , as he really tries to look good there . 
  all of that was also spiced up by the complete distrust toward russia as a new entity , and open support only as long as no free will was demonstrated . 
  for instance , the chechen wars were fast painted as oppressive regime killing the freedom fighters , completely disregarding multiple terror explosions and people abductions done by those same `` freedom fighters '' . 
  the result was that we saw that the west is far from being gracious in victory . 
  we surrendered in hopes of actually improving our lives and instead got what most regard to as being raped . 
  of course the consultants are not the only ones - and not the main ones - to be blamed for it , they were n't decision-makers , but overall a rare person believes in the west 's goodwill nowadays . 
  what 's most disappointing is that there was a will to actually make russia another european state . 
  there was a huge hope on behalf of people that we could make a difference . 
  i 'm not even sure the west was deliberate in the attempts to ruin the country , probably the consultants simply failed at their job and our government was none too stupid to not recognize it and carry on . 
  but anyway , the history is now with us . 
  i think you 're partially right . 
  it will take much more than a couple of years of recession to stop praising his management , so we 're in a win-win situation : either we get improved economy soon , or our president 's unanimous support starts to crumble . 
  both are good in my book . 
  but it 's unfair to simply attribute the rise of russian economy to energy prices . 
  lots of countries were dependant on those , but have seen less of a rise . 
  saudi arabia is almost completely reliant on energy prices , but its economy only rose at 1/4 rate of russia over the last 15 years ; same with norway or canada . 
  of course , those countries did n't have to climb out of the pit that our stupid government and western economic consultants put it in 1990s , but i 'm not sure it 's that much easier ( if easier at all ) . 
  usa certainly did target civilians with firebombs and nukes . 
  number of military casualties was very small proportionately to civilian , and while nukes are highly advertised , firebombing the cities and towns was ongoing for a long time and total casualties from that was almost the same as from the nukes . 
  you can proclaim whatever you like , but if your attacks result in 70-80 % of the civilian casualties , you are targeting civilians . 
   mad is n't a real thing , at this stage russia can best hope that it can cause the us and european nato to write off a few major cities while they are on the receiving end of a nation-ending strike . 
  in the scenario you created , the us , uk , and france would all be sorely tempted launch a first strike if russia starts randomly dropping nukes on small countries . 
  russia 's arsenal is no longer what it was even 20 years ago , it can not weather a first strike and still have a substantially survivable deterrent .
