  which makes it at least 400m above the lowlands !, 
  you only noticed that now ? 
  i feel it in the earth . 
  i 'm sure bulgaria does n't mind . 
   mediterranean union why not just call it magna graecia , it 's almost the exact same borders . 
  no matter what the nationalists say , we would . 
  why do i get the feeling this post is brigaded hard ... 
  more likely erdogan has 13 years to arrest them for being gulenists/terrorists/whatever . 
  i support half of that plan . 
  maybe a major event will bring enough support for emergency powers on the president . 
  like a terrorist attack ? 
  these things can happen , right ? 
  extra points : shit on the confederate flag . 
  if he was smart he would have retired 20 years earlier . 
  what do you mean * were * ? 
  once a metalhead , always a metalhead . 
  i 'm not sure how things work in albania , but generally you do n't send the army for domestic missions . 
  damn , the uk is weird . 
  we do n't paint our houses like this anymore , except for those that still live or own such traditional houses . 
  and you are correct , it is done to deflect heat from the sun . 
  not attacked , but fyrom claimed ( and still claims i think ) that the greek macedonian region is `` occupied '' by greece and their `` brethren '' needs to be `` liberated '' . 
  not sure if it still is a nato issue , but our allies were n't exactly on our side . 
  traditionally it was done every spring . 
  i assume more often nowadays in places like these . 
  i do n't disagree that we are alone . 
  and i agree with your other comment that only greeks can be trusted to defend greece . 
  but imia is also a bad example because it is between two nato countries . 
  in my opinion , the best example of the lack of solidarity is with the fyrom dispute . 
  mostly it includes `` we will sell you weapons at a discount '' . 
  the way the west treated cyprus was shit , but you ca n't really blame nato for not defending a non-nato country . 
  when you rely on an uneducated population to get elected , you have every incentive to attack education . 
  i 'm not buying that they do n't get it . 
  why , do you not like our current former king ? 
  brutal . 
  dude , you are the one that said their nuclear arsenal is obsolete , i only said it can still destroy a country . 
  you can fear it as much or as little as you like . 
  you are downplaying the threat of a nuclear power , but i am cherry picking ... 
  okay . 
  just because they ca n't compete with america does n't mean their nukes ca n't destroy a nation . 
  is n't luxembourg actually older than belgium , though ? 
  even by a few decades ? 
  what makes their nuclear arsenal obsolete ? 
  i suggest `` notmacedonia '' . 
  they can call themselves `` notmacedonians '' too . 
  i doubt that in our current polarized environment nd would be quick to support syriza , especially if the deal would require concessions on our part ( and it would most certainly do ) . 
  do they also plan to cut off chalkidiki 's legs and turn them into islands ? 
  what a stupid map . 
  as long as he 's not a karling . 
  from what i remember we sent a lot of help to turkey and our relations were at an all time high due to this . 
  or maybe it was just our media exaggerating as always . 
  doom of the minoans ? 
  a nationalist and a socialist , now what does that remind me of ... 
  multi-pass !, 
  a multinational military command elected by popular vote ? 
  are you serious ? 
  we actually defined it as asian since forever . 
  pretty sure she loves it . 
  turkey had all but abolished the space helmet until gollum took over . 
  is it closer than putin 's and trump 's though ? 
  thanks for the answer . 
  but it only applies to the caliph , a title that has been abolished for a century . 
  all muslim nations have been hereditary monarchies throughout history and many remain so today . 
  this is the first time i read that islam is somehow against that . 
  how is a hereditary monarchy un-islamic ? 
  chicken too ... 
  you bring random tweets with like 10 retweets or so , meanwhile in reddit there are subreddits that call for liberals to be literally thrown from helicopters . 
  do i have to link them for you ? 
  go away or we shall taunt you a second time !, 
  i like aliz\u00e9e . 
  she was katy perry before it was cool . 
  damn youngster , i actually used them for one year before it was abolished . 
  we used to think neonazis were just a few angry trolls here , then golden dawn came third in the general elections . 
  they are real . 
  they 're not joking . 
  check out some of the ` alt-right ' subs and you will see these people call for genocides and post comments like ` hitler did nothing wrong ' and ` france needs pinochet ' . 
  they are nazis , plain and simple . 
  some elder women in greek villages still wear a scarf similar to the hijab . 
  so the moment we take one step forward , we look back at those that have n't yet with contempt ? 
  a frenchman on election day without a french flag . 
  you 're not fooling anyone . 
  i support people voting , even when their choice is not mine . 
  i do not support telling people what to do . 
  so vote . 
  on not . 
  it 's your country . 
  do n't let anyone tell you what to do . 
   but humans need to be free to give up their own freedom . 
  that 's nonsense . 
  we have plenty of laws specifically to prevent the voluntary waiving of basic human rights . 
  free to give up their freedom ? 
  would you support voluntary slavery ? 
  it 's more than just headlines and reddit . 
  i sincerely hope you 're right , though . 
  i agree with that . 
  yes . 
  i think he means her : https://www.instagram.com/stam_tsimtsili/, 
  it 's 100 times cringier to listen , consider yourself lucky you do n't understand . 
  delet this . 
  i love how the portuguese are correcting each other in this thread . 
  we are so much alike .
