   anymore lol, 
  plenty of real tomatoes in greece too . 
  do n't worry , they will . 
  i 've read somewhere ( i think it was in / r/greece ) that voting no is like throwing up . 
  it 's disgusting and you try to avoid it for a while but it 's inevitable . 
  that 's what i 've been advocating everyone i know : not what to vote , but to actually vote , for whatever they believe . 
  plz gib envelopes, 
  that would be a waste of perfectly good olive oil . 
  but but i thought nationalizing is what the evil communists do !, 
  i never heard of anyone retiring at the age of 26 !, 
  that 's absurd !, 
   greek culture has to change and modernise dramatically . 
  greeks must learn to pay taxes , reject corruption , stop oligarchy , diversify your economy , invest in industry . 
  i never saw any of these things in the proposals made by our debtors . 
  such an enlightened and compassionate comment . 
  god no , saving the banks is what got us in this mess in the first place . 
  we should had trademarked that stuff ages ago . 
  there 's plenty of spain and portugal to blame if we leave . 
  you have triggered the americans , now we 're gon na get ~ ~ invaded ~ ~ liberated for sure !, 
  it 's an independed newspaper published by former editors of a major newspaper going bust . 
  i 'd say it 's pretty legit , more legit that most major media in greece . 
  thanks obama . 
   greece printing euros of their own against ecb `` dictate '' . 
  each country retains the ability to print money anyway , agin from the treaty , no one can legally prevent them . 
  this is a hot debate here in greece , do you have any source for further reading ? 
  you seriously think a marxist revolution is more likely than a military junta ? 
  under the circumstances i am more afraid of a military junta than a marxist revolution . 
  you guys are obsessed with communists . 
  there is absolutely no risk of that from greece . 
  you should be more concerned with the nazis of golden dawn . 
  this is gay . 
  bad phrasing maybe , but it does n't really matter to the unemployed person that will get the job . 
  anyway , like i said i am against early retirement . 
  if you think the hard left of a 36 % party is powerful enough to stage a marxist revolution in the middle of the eu then i do n't know what to say to you . 
  yeah sorry , my reply was also meant as a joke . 
  please use a ` joke ' tag next time , it 's a serious issue for some . 
  to create job positions ? 
  ( i do n't agree with early retirement , just pointing this out ), 
  paranoid much ? 
  leave greece alone plox, 
  i 'm sorry , i meant were does your father live , that he can sustain himself without money . 
  that reads like a press release from the opposition tbh . 
  this sounds fascinating , were do you live in greece ? 
  in a case of a serious disaster i 'd take a sack of rice over an iphone anytime . 
  no , those are in mykonos . 
  are n't you people tired of that old `` 50 year old greek pensioner '' argument ? 
  it 's been debunked so many times it 's not even funny any more . 
  capital controls need to be agreed by the minister of finance . 
  i give them 5:1 . 
  that is , it will take 5 isis fighters with assault rifles to kill 1 swiss guard with a halberd . 
  lol i thought i was the only one . 
  just because something is theoretically possible , does n't mean it would happen . 
  even if the syriza government wanted to do that ( they do n't ) they would face strong opposition from the vast majority of the people . 
  plus , the army would never allow it ( whatever that means ) . 
  why would greece leave nato ? 
  why would turkey ? 
  what does nato even have to do with this ? 
  this is correct . 
   the nazis of golden dawn golden dawn does not support the government , that 's just blatant misinformation . 
  also taking some marbles to foreign museums . 
  i know you 're just joking , but the sad truth is that in times like these the rich become richer and the poor become poorer . 
  thus my post about media exaggerating things . 
  i understand your concerns and i would feel the same way in your place , but there 's really not much to worry about . 
  that 's from years ago and it is a very controversial subject . 
  there 's a lot more to it , but i wo n't open that can of worms . 
   also what good does it make to explain that it is about a show to a foreigner if you think that , then do n't explain . 
  but you clearly said  a politician ( member of the government ) announcing a military channel which just did n't happen . 
  this is misinformation . 
  fair point , although the violent protests have been grossly exaggerated by media . 
  no , you did n't said that . 
  you said he proposed for a channel . 
  how does this affect your decision ? 
  honestly curious . 
   the average wage [ ... ] in greece 2000 if i recall corectly you do n't . 
   a politician ( member of the government ) announcing a military channel kamenos ? 
  i thought he announced a show about the army , not a whole channel . 
  or income ... 
  this post is heavily biased and therefore bullshit . 
  what does grexit has to do with this ? 
  this gives some well-needed perspective for us south , thank you for your post . 
  i anticipate some mildly strong language . 
  they 're neo-nazi , why do you try to find reasoning ? 
  yes they can , most greeks do n't even know who tolstoy is . 
  again , this favorability is born out of desperation . 
  there is already slavery in greece . 
  check the manolada case . 
  favorable of russia , not nessecarily russian culture and it does n't mean they do n't do it out of desperation , like / u/omortag said . 
  60 % of greeks like russian culture ? 
  source ? 
  do n't listen to that french guy , you can always claim that the belgian flag is similar to the german one . 
  upvoted for the sdf-1 . 
  are you describing greece or bulgaria ? 
  because this fits greek corruption perfectly . 
   nor i have issues with different races , just dislike the russians you 're funny . 
  seriously people , stop connecting everything to putin . 
  most of the time it 's true though . 
  i 'm jealous . 
  the author of that article has gone to great pains to present everyone in a negative light . 
  except maybe the conservatives . 
  damn they sure seem like they are oppressed in a country they rule themselves .
