  now they want to emigrate themselves ? 
  oh the irony . 
  edit : you may argue that the country had the right to block its borders or that its own people will emigrate lawfully but you ca n't deny it 's still even a little bit ironic . 
  me too , 
  we have a law against insulting religions , [ a guy was convicted ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elder_pastitsios ) for it . 
  til . 
  thanks . 
  this could n't describe greeks any better . 
  except if he had a deadline and finished it at the very last minute , in perfect quality too . 
  i am surprised you guys let china have us . 
   greek catholic i am so confused right now . 
  and if it was just serbs and monte ... nevermind . 
  i am more disturbed by the divided cyprus . 
  no country in the world recognizes the occupied northern part except the one occupying it . 
  china is doing some colonizing on it 's own . 
  they 're spilling their tea . 
  not really . 
  there was movement of workforce , according to each era 's capabilities . 
  there were slaves that were transported across continents centuries ago , and even in ancient times . 
  in the future we may move workforce across planets , it would n't diminish modern practices . 
  homophobes are thinking about cocks way too much . 
  like most such maps that are posted on reddit . 
  are you suggesting kids should carry guns when they go to school ? 
  individually , the films were not bad . 
  i like skyfall the most . 
  but i just dislike the serious tone the craig movies have . 
  we should have copyrighted that name millenia ago . 
  apparently , for those that did n't bother to vote the impact is not so great either way . 
  well , he is right about the bond movies . 
  yeah he 's probably a canadian agent . 
  you are wrong . 
  there was consensus among the major parties to support turkey as long as they westernize enough . 
  maybe it was a hypocritical support , based in the certainty that other members ( including cyprus itself ) will object anyway and we would n't appear as the bad neighbors , but the support was there . 
  and we really believe that a more westernized turkey would be less of a threat to us . 
  at the same time , greek is spoken in southern albania . 
  and give back our marbles too !, 
   lgbt community could attend to the parades in istanbul at 1600s that sounds fascinating , got any more details about it ? 
  we were actually supporting turkey 's bid for that reason . 
  but since erdogan they seem to want to join without doing any of this . 
  since this obviously will not happen , erdogan is throwing a fit and blames europe . 
  and then he 'll try to get elizabeth 's place . 
  he said so some time ago . 
  especially in a knock-out game against germany . 
  why ? 
  you voted to remain in the uk , you get to decide as uk . 
  i find it hypocritical that both of you do n't have a country tag . 
  he 's really trying to appear as such though . 
  and you can fix your image . 
  just vote erdogan out . 
  finnish him !, 
  have fun mate . 
  easy there sovereign . 
  how is rome only partially european ? 
  cyprus may indeed joined because of greek pressure . 
  that does n't mean that otherwise it would be dismissed because `` it 's not european '' . 
  it most certainly would be because the eu did not want to have to deal with the dispute with turkey . 
  greeks until recently have been living in turkey for millenia , the place was under byzantine rule until the fourth crusade . 
  iran and afganistan were conquered by alexander . 
  are n't those european enough ? 
   none of this crap in japan either japan had gas attacks some years ago . 
  dude , i know what i saw . 
  it was yours , was n't it . 
  put your own flag up before you tell another country what to do . 
  the deleted post did just that . 
  `` not all muslims are terrorists , but all terrorists are muslims '' is what it said . 
  so many people in this thread seem happy . 
  put a flag on , first . 
  europe has seen plenty of non-muslim terrorism . 
  i approve of this plan . 
  nazi standards mostly . 
  wait , defending your fellow countrymen is nationalism now ? 
  turkey is . 
  norway seems so weak without sweden supporting it , like it hangs from a thread . 
  only in countries that can not afford german goods anymore . 
  you have n't heard what your minister of finance said about the european south ? 
  interesting or no , i think the general public is getting tired of excessive sensationalism . 
  go away , you 're ruining the narrative . 
  there is no such thing here . 
  we roast lamb on easter . 
  who would n't celebrate that ? 
  we wont mind . 
  you still have n't put a flag on your name . 
  go troll somewhere else . 
  that someone had his country under turkish rule for centuries . 
  has seen places that had greek populations since time immemorial destroyed by genocide . 
  is very wary of turkish aggression , and is vigilant against a real invasion from a proper military and not some imaginary threat of an immigrant army . 
  but what can a troll like you understand . 
  a comment that bases its argument on my flag will not be answered unless the commenter also has a flag . 
  there must be some photoshopped picture of palpatine with erdogan 's face . 
  have you heard the tragedy of the prequels ' awesomeness ? 
   that 's just one example that 's the most extreme example and you know it . 
  it 's also the country that influences all the others for the worse . 
  i also see some merit in the argument . 
  but oftentimes we forget that many of them tried for liberalism in the sixties and we literally told them no and installed dictators in their countries . 
  such issues are never black and white and that 's why i hate mindless generalizing . 
  never said anything about optimism . 
  i just hate all the `` this culture is incompatible with western values '' talk of late . 
  because one action defines a culture for all times , right ? 
  the germans oppose liberal ideas because they had hitler 80 years ago . 
  turks are currently swayed by a populist .
