  that shady and over-inflated banking sector was accepted with no objection in the eu . 
  the russians are willing . 
  the chinese too if i 'm not mistaken . 
  if bankers and politicians are strawmen then who is to blame ? 
  so do you think that eu actions so far are solving the problems , in greece , cyprus and elsewhere ? 
  why ? 
  if you do n't want to give the money then do n't give the money . 
  i block ( mostly ) all ads anyway and i do n't want searches to be relevant to me , i want them to be relevant to the thing i 'm searching for . 
  milk & marmelade at home , coffee at work . 
  just like golden dawn 's . 
  people think that being elected in office gives you a carte blanche to do whatever you want . 
  that 's not how it should work . 
  yes , people elect their government and then get screwed by it . 
  are they responsible for electing corrupt politicians ? 
  they are , but when everyone is corrupted what can they do ? 
   the roads they use had to be paid i do n't know , we have been paying for roads for years in advance and still we have no roads, 
  relax dude , no one is trying to take your money . 
  i would answer with the `` good things '' the nazi party did for the germans but the downvotes speak for themselves . 
  yes and no . 
  the everyday greek has realized he 's been tricked by the corrupt system to think that tax evading was the smart thing to do . 
  yet the government puts more and more taxes to those that already pay , while doing very little to catch the rich tax evaders ( owing tens and hundreds of million euros ) . 
  if this continues , i fear it will create even more tax evaders from people that legitimately can not pay any more taxes . 
  in greece , if you do n't tax evade , you are considered a fool . 
  that apparently lied to its citizens . 
  yes , stronger nations force weaker ones to buy from their companies things they do not need . 
  do n't act so surprised about it . 
  it was the corrupt politicians and not `` the greeks '' . 
  also genoa and geneva . 
  i like how britain seems to be drifting away from europe . 
  you guys are so backwards . 
  we have had such glorious achievements decades ago . 
  nowadays , we are finally reaping the rewards !, 
  i see the so called `` macedonians '' are in a downvoting spree ... 
  there was that guy and his dog living in the streets near my house , where a lot of restaurants and fast foods are . 
  they used to give him food , but one day , someone offered him a job . 
  he declined , and they stopped feeding him . 
  he left shortly afterwards , but his dog left behind . 
  apparently the dog was smarter than him . 
  you have no idea what purchasing power is , do you ? 
  besides , it 's not my quote , it 's our minister 's . 
  stournaras recently admitted that `` one can not live with 500 $ a month '' and yet he keeps taxing those people . 
  what is the logic behind such move , since those people will either refuse to pay taxes or starve to death . 
  last time i was in hungary , it was some national holiday ( st. stephan i think ? ), 
  and the streets of budapest were filled with supermodel quality women . 
  or maybe i was just not looking at the fat ones ... 
  exactly . 
  it 's not that there is no corruption ( there is a lot ) , it 's the fact that even in these circumstances , nothing is done to fight it , wich make people even angrier . 
  i though it was some dude chilling in the sun . 
  they clearly invaded the place . 
  who 's the guy pushing merkel out of the way ? 
  `` freeeedoooom ! '', 
  i thought it was the dark speech of mordor . 
   the wealthier you are the less you suffer from that can be argued for most economic situations . 
  i thought belgians were the taller . 
  as if the average greek could magically put every corrupt politician in jail ... 
  if you try to troll , that shit have gotten old now . 
  or do you really fail to realize that greece is crammed with immigrants because we do honour our agreements , otherwise we would had send them to germany or wherever they want to go years ago ? 
  are you really implying that greece is full of jobs that we do n't take because we are `` workshy '' and we should give them to immigants ? 
  / r/europe 's commenters never cease to amaze me with their ignorance and their thinly veiled racism . 
  so let 's just dump them all in greece , right ? 
  there were desolate areas in the south last time i visited , some 8-9 years ago . 
  glad we 're not the only ones that found it weird . 
  did i got a pitchfork for nothing ? 
  great , now i have to pay for it , too . 
  especially german tanks . 
  finland ? 
  really ? 
  where in his post did he blame germany ? 
  and they called the greek demands unreasonable ... 
  dem glorious polders . 
   the beauty of a single currency is that an euro in greece is an euro anywhere else . 
  that 's a nightmare , not beauty . 
  are you saying you would be more inclined to pay for greece if you had good weather ? 
  why did you bring it up ? 
  are we to apologize for our weather now ? 
  what the hell was that post ? 
   the influence of the greek orthodox church to the people has reach an all time high . 
  source ? 
  i get the opposite impression , people are fed up with the church refusing to help in such times . 
  what do you mean ? 
  this is her good mood . 
  depends on the bad , but probably yes . 
  better than some previous imf estimates . 
  too many cuts in education . 
  you are now a moderator in / r/pyongyang . 
  the imf dissagrees with you . 
  plenty of threads for serious discussion , let us have some fun at juncker and farage , ok ? 
  thanks for that , i needed the laughs . 
  juncker certainly is . 
  they 're having so much fun over there . 
  at least he has a job . 
  you speak as if we have n't cut any expenditures already . 
   now that the currency deal has been flatly rejected , this debt is effectively worthless . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't understand this . 
  took him long enough . 
  ok then , i 'll give it second try tommorrow with a more clear mind . 
  i 'm sorry , i started watching and saw that guy saying how our bridges our payed by eu funds ... what does that have to do with out vote today ? 
  i sincerely hope our `` no '' vote is n't taken as `` flipping the finger to everybody '' , because it really is n't . 
   is n't ketchup a bit capitalistic ? 
   glorious tsiproketsap from imaginary tomatoes is n't i assume you took those posts at face value too ?
