  this seems crazy to me . 
  are the waters there always calm ? 
  what 's preventing the tunnel from flooding during a storm ? 
  it also means paying huge taxes for it , because owning a home somehow translates to having an income . 
  oil . 
   being the centre of attention everyone 's so keen on saying that . 
  i think varoufakis , for all his faults , is been over-demonised by the media and the opposition . 
  i mean , if you want to call someone a narcissist , call adonis . 
  eh , it 's not like our economy was n't already ruined ... 
  a survey ? 
  made by who ? 
  dailymail and barenakedislam ? 
  while the well documented abuses by catholic priests an individual crime story ? 
  i 'm sorry if i ca n't take you seriously . 
  damn dude , why would you want the details . 
  seriously now ? 
  you can blame politicians for ordering the war . 
  you can blame soldiers for doing the killing . 
  you can blame religious figures that started the religions that fuel those wars . 
  you can blame the industialists , bankers , lobbyists or whatever secret society you think is behind everything . 
  but if you want to blame someone for the rape , blame the rapist . 
   muslims are o.k and love getting married to 13 years old girls [ citation needed ], 
  yeah , better to spend a few more than gamble your life with a girl from a country with serious aids problems . 
  i think the upvotes for the previous link and downvotes for this one speak volumes of the mentality in / r/europe and , i 'm afraid , europe . 
  if by `` never '' you mean `` recently '' , then yes . 
   other eu countries like who ? 
  are there really countries that would like to join but are sceptical because of greece ? 
   working on that for quite a while now europe in a nutshell . 
  i think they have two . 
  why do you bother with a troll named trump for emperor ? 
  triggered . 
  how does leaving your car out helps ? 
  you 're not seriously calling the persians `` primitive fucks '' . 
  what has this sub become . 
   turkey is n't in eurovision this year though . 
  so they do have something to be proud about . 
   how the fuck would i know what they were like ? 
  there is a thing called history . 
  relax , we 've been calling those lands asian centuries before you arrived . 
  it has nothing to do with you . 
  this only works when people have money to spend . 
  dude , it clearly says georgia europe in the title . 
  ^ note ^ to ^ self : ^ answering ^ a ^ joke ^ with ^ a ^ joke ^ does n't ^ always ^ work . 
   a far left government lol . 
  by the time we 'll be in the 21st century it will be 2316 . 
  you take your small victories when you can . 
  that 's probably it , thanks . 
  it 's not an open threat but it is threatening . 
  you did n't actually expect them to say `` stop or we 'll nuke you '' , right ? 
  did n't bush jr. threatened to use nuclear weapons in the middle east ? 
  this thread is brigaded so hard . 
  greece had a lot of nazi collaborators that were glad to hand over jews but also had many people that went to great efford to protect them . 
  sadly , a lot of those collaborators got in positions of power instead of jail/execution for treason after the civil war that followed wwii . 
  this unfortunately left a legacy of nationalists , fascists and neo-nazis that led to what is today golden dawn . 
  and yes , this vandalization is probably their doing . 
  but saying that greece is `` notoriously anti-semitic '' when there is not a single incident of hate crime or discrimination against jews is a gross exaggeration and , frankly , as racist and offensive as anti-semitism itself . 
  plevris is a notorious fascist and those people are anti-semites by definition . 
  to add to that , greeks are too prone to believe in conspiracy theories . 
  i think that after the emergence of golden dawn , people are more conscious of such things . 
  not to my experience . 
  against the israeli government , yes . 
  unless you consider it the same thing . 
  popular opinion in greece is very pro-palestine , at least to my experience . 
  do n't you think that erdogan needs to lose for the people to replace him ? 
  i doubt he 'll ever go away if he wins . 
  damn , that 's a good looking trashcan . 
  it 's one thing to subsidize what you like and another to close what you do n't . 
  we have a former king living in england , you can have him if you want . 
  you can even claim descent from the byzantines if you like . 
  what 's the point of posting these lists when you do n't actually use them and make up your own stuff ? 
  i looked for greece , saw no seperatist movement ( no crete ) and only found a greek seperatist movement in albania that does n't exist on your map . 
  it 's even weirder in greece . 
  i find it hard to believe that this man had his papers done the same day he arrived on the island . 
  greek authorities are nowhere near that fast and efficient . 
  what , no austerity , no memorandum , this sucks . 
  atilla vs. alexander , best battle of all times . 
  only the muslims , the rest were just poufs . 
  sorry mr. jackson , but they are . 
  no they are n't . 
  shut up , they totally are . 
   at the very beginning the very beginning would be their country of origin , not the greek coast . 
  even then , a lot of people would still risk it rather than face the advancing armies of jihadists . 
  send a signal to whom ? 
  smugglers do n't care if the boats sink , they get their money anyway . 
  refugees do n't get a choice to cross the sea or not either , they are boarded on boats on gunpoint . 
  and i 'd rather not have my life dictated by machiavellian princes . 
  yes , punishing the people is sure to make an arrogant leader see the error of his ways . 
  maybe they do n't flair up because they are afraid of discrimination . 
  i know i 'm sick of greek jokes , although they seem to have moved to turkey/russia for the time . 
   every few months some idiot posts this image here like it 's new lol . 
  you have to admit this time is relevant . 
  as far as i know , this has n't been verified by either greek or turkish official sources . 
  shooting down a plane that violated that airspace for mere seconds ( if that flightpath we saw was correct ) is a bit excessive . 
   not that 16 yr olds have the brightest opinions they ca n't be worse than 86 yr olds . 
  probably working for spectre . 
  indeed , it was in ghent . 
  because ideas , mr. creedy , are bulletproof . 
  unfortunately , that works both ways . 
  have been to belgium . 
  your waiters are super friendly .
