  at other times it 's also best to let go of pragmatism and be principled . 
  syriza leads the latest polls by 15 % against 2nd nd . 
  their popularity is certainly not failing . 
  this shows no euros actually going to greece , they go directly to our debtors . 
  fyi , no euros have actually come to greece from this bailout . 
  i thought you had refused to take part of that bailout and your share was divided among the rest of eu members . 
  you 're not paying any bills anyway . 
  he seemed awfully unaware that varoufakis had to do the same here , though . 
  too soon ... 
  the sad thing is that it works . 
  what about greece then ? 
  the fanatics are always the most loud , do n't get discouraged . 
  i do n't think so , in matters of security the countries have the final say . 
  that did n't sound xenophobic at all . 
  i disagree . 
  a lot of people speak about our failed anatolia advances and most agree that this led to our defeat and that `` we had no business trying to conquer the fucking anatolian desert '' as you said . 
  you are right about the atrocities , but saying that noone speaks about it is wrong . 
  one thing the nationalists never bother to explain is what will they do with the local population . 
  there are more turks in instanbul than there are greeks in the whole of greece . 
  we will be a minority in our own country . 
  what makes dodecanese more `` greek '' than other islands , like lesbos ? 
  that 's the dream of every nationalist here since forever . 
  [ the burning of smyrna . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_fire_of_smyrna ), 
  he could replace jeremy clarkson at top gear . 
   there 's rumours coming out of germany that greece might have found it 's deus ex machina til that germany is syriza 's press room . 
  `` putin saves a kitten from fire '' `` another pathetic attempt by russia to invade europe '', 
  it actually did stop the imia crisis from escalating further . 
  with that reasoning , we might as well dismantle our armed forces completely , since the only country that threatens us is one we can not defeat . 
  i think you are mistaken that we would lose horribly though . 
  i agree that nd are bad neoliberals , just like pasok were bad socialists and syriza , wether by outside pressure or their own incopetence is too early to tell , seem to be bad leftists . 
  that does n't mean nd is n't persuing neoliberal policies . 
  samaras seems to favour a more centralized governance and maybe that 's what 's bothering you . 
  but then , this is what makes a lot of people associate nd with gd . 
   it is the truth.if truth is insulting to you , that 's your problem.pasok numbers deflated by feeding mainly syriza ( now it holds almost the same percentage syriza used to hold hmm ... hmmm food for thought ) . nd numbers deflated by feeding anel and laos . 
  to answer in one post , i was n't insulted because you claimed that most of syriza 's voters come from pasok ( although it 's more complicated than that ) , but that you claim to know their motives for voting syriza . 
  there seems to be a lot of greeks lately that say they do n't support nd , but pasok is corrupted and syriza is worse , while anel are secret fascists . 
  i fail to see what a non-extreme alternative to those parties would be , besides maybe potami . 
  but you did n't critisize syriza , you critised anel ? 
  i laugh with the fact that everyone somehow discovered that anel are close to the fascists of gd but did n't care when laos was in a coalition with pasok . 
  nd is not a [ neoliberal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neoliberalism ) party ? 
   since the 1980s it is a term used primarily by critics of the resurgence of ideas associated with laissez-faire economic liberalism beginning in the 1970s and 1980s , whose advocates support extensive economic liberalization policies such as privatization , fiscal austerity , deregulation , free trade , and reductions in government spending in order to enhance the role of the private sector in the economy . 
  neoliberalism is famously associated with the economic policies introduced by margaret thatcher in the united kingdom and ronald reagan in the united states . 
  the transition of consensus towards neoliberal policies , and the acceptance of neoliberal economic theories in the 1970s is seen by some academics as the root of financialization with the financial crisis of 2007 -- 08 seen as one of the ultimate results . 
  can you tell me what nd did not do , according to this simple definition , to make you say it 's not neoliberal ? 
  your post is oversimplifying things . 
  syriza had dropped to 4 % for a while , but had about 7 % on average , reaching more than 10 % -12 % during the gregoropoulos times . 
  today 's voters did n't just appear overnight . 
  and claiming that they are `` mostly ex pasok members who thought they could somehow keep the old system that brought us to bankruptcy '' is just insulting . 
  syriza is a leftist party that seems to have accepted the memorandum under pressure . 
  nd on the other hand is filled with neoliberals that would be glad to extend these policies for as long as they could . 
  i am sorry , but `` originally opposed the memorandum '' is n't fooling anyone . 
  getting cheaper gas and selling fruit is `` doing business '' . 
  i do n't know what `` alliance '' you 're talking about , it 's not like we left nato to join a russian coalition . 
  in fact , there is a nato country that is n't imposing sanctions on russia , but nobody talks about it . 
  they remind me of tourists that complain that their favorite places have become too `` touristy '' . 
  maybe you do n't frequent this sub much . 
  it 's all the left 's fault nowadays . 
  are they the same people who think muslims equals terrorists ? 
  i 'm fishing for concrete answers instead of knee-jerk reactions . 
  forty years of protests in greece taught me that tear gassing rarely provides law and order . 
  and those refugees are more desperate than the average greek protester . 
  so i am asking again . 
  how is tear gassing going to solve anything ? 
  are you going to tear gass the refugees to move them from the railways ? 
  whats stopping them from moving there again ? 
  are going to use tear gass to force them into the trains and buses ? 
  i mean , in the end , it may come to this . 
  but it should come after consideration as a last resort , not as the reaction of a trigger happy authoritarian government like the one we 're discussing here . 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  thanks !, 
  how would tear gassing the refugees help in any way ? 
  no source to the actual poll , we do n't even know the questions . 
  what utter nonsense . 
  i do . 
  i remember saying they are born thieves and that their culture promotes that . 
   it means americans have virtually changed their opinion of gay people overnight . 
  or maybe it means that after this stopped being an issue in politics , biased polls also stopped . 
  polls show muslims are terrible . 
  * but polls can not be trusted !, 
  * but dude !, 
  they 're killing gays in their coutries * not really , no . 
  * polls show muslims are terrible . 
  they 're also killing gays in their coutries . 
  ... what a nice , circular discussion !, 
  how is it the left 's fault again , ffs . 
  you 're right , i just noticed that . 
  although it does n't make much sense . 
  i 'm not sure i understand . 
  all three areas where under european control at some point , so they have to be included . 
  that 's exactly what the albanians were saying when they were mass immigrating here in early 90 's . 
  thankfully , they integrated rather well . 
  i guess greece and rome are n't european enough for the map author , otherwise turkey , persia and afghanistan should be included . 
  put greek subs on it and it will reposted on a daily basis . 
  `` i have three testicles . '', 
   you jail them for 40 years why not for life ? 
  dude , you sound like you 're organizing a propaganda army . 
  you generalize as much as she did , only you do it more elegantly . 
  she 's probably a fascist , in no way she is representative of all greeks . 
  not really .
