  it 's not anything that ca n't happen to anyone ( just look at the us ) . 
  we need to be vigilant , especially we here because there 's no telling what the sultan will try . 
  but people and countries change . 
  sometimes for better , sometimes for worse . 
  sometimes it takes blood and tears but they can change . 
  saying that they ca n't because of their culture is the same type of discrimination your people suffered for centuries . 
  no offence , but i always thought that greece was gondor and turkey was mordor when i was reading the books . 
  you did , right until you called him a moron . 
  then you lost all credibility . 
  :p besides , we have cyprus . 
  they vote for us in eurovision . 
  a different form of coffee is still coffee . 
  what are you trying to argue here ? 
  if it is that greek and turkish cultures are different , i know little about everyday habits of turkish people to have an opinion . 
  if it is that our culture does n't include spending many hours in ( different ) coffee shops drinking ( different ) coffee , then you 're wrong . 
  frappe is coffee ... 
  what are the major issues in the netherlands today that would cause such a divide ? 
  imagine if occitanie declared independence from france under the name of catalonia . 
  they call themselves the real catalans , they endorse maps of greater catalonia with your territory , they erect statues of famous catalans of past times . 
  kaliningrad has its own gdp ? 
  fingers crossed . 
  people living abroad tend to be more conservative , at least that 's my experience with greeks . 
  125 comments here as of this post and no one mentioned what the most popular one is ? 
  and some nice statues in the louvre , and a few more in venice , etc etc. 
  maybe you were the unlucky one if you had bad experiences . 
  sorry if you did . 
  greek culture nowadays is nothing but drinking coffee ... 
  if you get sunburn , apply yogurt . 
  sounds like finrod had a kid with a latino woman . 
  half-elf , half-mexican , full badass warrior against morgoth . 
  same here . 
  i thought half of britain was in spain too . 
  maybe that 's where the confusion comes from . 
  you sweet summer child . 
  yeah yeah `` we may be shit but the other side is equal shit '' . 
  i 've heard that a thousand times . 
  judging by the majority of people that use this phrase , anyone that does not share their bigoted views . 
  the results are not faked ; the votes were legitimate . 
  it is the voters ' responsibility to educate themselves properly on the issues they 're voting for . 
  what is more terrifying is that the people that have fallen for this will never admit they were fooled and will continue to scream `` fake news '' . 
  i 'm really scared for this world . 
  so europe is divided between the green empire and the beige empire . 
  who the hell chose the same two colors for the whole map ? 
  your right wing extremists fight with police ? 
  amateurs . 
  yep . 
  check the other comments . 
  as a kid in the 80 's that was the best thing after star wars . 
  i preferred the space one . 
  still one of my favorite space cartoons ever . 
  austria is a bit further away from the ocean . 
  are we the only country with unchanged borders ? 
  hungary looks close but i 'm not sure . 
  they have fried chicken , we have gyros . 
  i 'd say close enough . 
  can you make one without the uk ? 
  it 's in english ? 
  subbed too . 
  it did ? 
  the eu stands at the edge of a knife . 
  stray but a little , and it will fail . 
  edit : it seems / r/europe did not appreciate my silly fellowship of the rings quote . 
  thanks !, 
  it 's all nice and well to call for the dismantle of other countries ' union . 
  i wonder what would they say if our ambassadors would call for texas independence or something like that . 
   the military in the us chose for trump much more than the national average source on this ? 
  if france leaves , the eu is over :(, 
  not to mention that nothing stops trump from changing his mind again . 
  that 's just bullshit and you know it . 
  a matrilinear marriage , that would explain it . 
  now you know he looks like the map of portugal . 
  twitter is n't very big in greece , the results are probably skewed by french users . 
  not that he 's not popular here , but i doubt he 's the most popular . 
  when greece will be able to get a new loan to pay back the old one . 
  this sub is usually anti-something . 
  it used to be anti-greek , then anti-russian , anti-turkish , now its anti-british . 
  it can be anything in the future , maybe anti-french if le pen wins , who knows . 
  i would n't take it too seriously . 
  really ? 
  i could n't tell . 
  never underestimate the people 's ability to forget . 
  too late for that . 
  aliens . 
  i figured , but it misses half of europe ( portugal , scandinavia , british islands and half of balkans ) . 
  wtf is this abomination, 
  most greeks have no idea either unfortunately :(, 
  `` christian '', 
  i did say mindset . 
  thoughtcrime thankfully does not exist . 
  but go on , bulldoze your way through my post with your hyperbole . 
  they 're getting frighteningly closer to the mindset of the jihadists . 
  more likely , the poorer you are , the more reason you have to pray to a god for help . 
  belief in god is n't necessarily blind . 
  same with the other things you mentioned . 
  that 's probably what the british are going for . 
  it is enough we got thrace , we can get agean turkey with the next map . 
  nordic is more epic though , norse reminds me of morse code . 
  greece can into space !, 
  greece can into baltics !, 
  *** [ triggered ] ***,
