   some of my fellow southern and eastern europeans seem to have forgotten much faster . 
  i completely agree . 
  there are people here in greece that hate on immigrants even when they themselves have relatives abroad . 
  it really defies logic . 
  you are grossly generalizing . 
  let 's hope scotland does not become independant and ruin it for you . 
  lol , i have n't even seen one , i 'd hate to loose it like that . 
  it 's more that a month 's pay nowadays . 
  you really like to look different , do n't you ? 
  what role do the 500 $ bills specifically play in money laundry ? 
  i facepalmed too . 
  i am also surprised by germany 's percieved trustworthiness . 
  what made germany have such a high reputation compared to , say , sweden or the netherlands ? 
  i noticed that * you * said australasians , but * i * asked about australians . 
   australia is a continent comprising mainland australia , tasmania , new guinea , seram , possibly timor , and neighbouring islands . 
  ... if you want to be so anal about it . 
  ok , new zealand was a bad choice , how about new guinea ? 
  would you call their people australians ? 
  also , not all people of asia are referred to as asians , people from middle-east are not . 
  yes , but no one refers to all the people in asia as asians . 
  no one refers to new zealanders as australians . 
  there is context for everything . 
  no it does n't . 
  they also make great baklava , how about that ? 
  in greece , we are always confused when the italians are sending `` auguri '' . 
  omg this thing really is word , i though you guys were joking !, 
  then we will find another `` booming '' economy with shitty wages to admire . 
  most english i know think charles wo n't make a good king . 
  is this the general consensus ? 
  almost went to war with russia ? 
  you are grossly exaggerating . 
  when i pass some under-construction highway here in greece , i see big signs saying `` this project was funded by the ministry of transportation and the eu '' or something like that . 
  and i think how lucky i am to be a member of the eu . 
  this is what i mean . 
  i was n't implying a message to come with the meals . 
  but it will help present the eu more favourably nonetheless . 
  everything * is * fine for a visiting tourist , it 's the locals that are suffering . 
  and change alot of the stupid anti-eu mentality in the country . 
  thank you . 
  so it is an administrative division within the roman empire , is it not ? 
  i sincerely believed those places had serbian names that where changed at a later time to fit the macedonian language . 
  but i probably should have phrased my comment better . 
  i apologize . 
  how dare they pollute the seas with such filth !, 
  at least you tried . 
  it 's their loss . 
  hey man do you own a taverna or what !, 
  great suggestions if i decide to visit south !, 
  what is fud ? 
  it 's not weird for fyrom to be called macedonia , what is weird is their attempt to steal their national identity from the greeks just because they happen to live close to alexander 's land . 
  it 's like turkey claiming ancestry from ancient greeks of ionia of hittites or something . 
  you reported my posts ? 
  they did n't contain the words `` racist '' , `` nazi '' ( 3 times now ) , `` moron '' , `` bullshit '' and `` fuck you '' . 
  do i not have the right to my opinion ? 
  i do n't decide anything , it 's a fact that those minorities excist . 
  and greece is n't falling apart , why did you ask that ? 
  oh , another one to attack the greeks in general . 
  for one , he has a hungarian flag , so i see little reason for him to be provoked . 
  second , the story has relevance to me , since it contadicts my country 's official policy . 
  third , are you honestly saying that my posts justify calling me `` racist '' , `` nazi '' , `` moron '' and `` fuck off '' ? 
  ~ ~ three ~ ~ four times you have insulted me , without any provocation . 
  you have your beliefs and i have mine , but since mine are different , i am a racist , a nazi and a moron . 
  you also told me to `` fuck off yunanistan '' before it got deleted . 
  excuse me if i do n't take you seriously when you say you do n't hate greeks . 
  fyrom consists of serbs , bulgarians and albans . 
  they desperately seek a unifying national identity to keep their country from falling apart . 
  ca n't say i blame them for that , but their claims to out ancient history are rediculous . 
  i do n't speak german so i do n't know what this map is supposed to show . 
  this macedonia engulfs almost all of albania . 
  i guess the fyrom should claim their history too . 
  they live in a territory they named macedonia . 
  bloodline is not that importand , culture and language is . 
  first you accuse me of racism , now of nazism . 
  you still do not answer as to why this language should be named `` macedonian '' . 
  and why all this hate for greece ? 
  greek and latin have little in common . 
  `` macedonian '' and bulgarian are a lot more similar . 
  but of course , you ignore the fact that even if this is indeed a separate language , it should n't be called macedonian , as it has nothing to do with the greek that the ancient macedonians spoke . 
  also , can you elaborate on the `` racist '' part ? 
  do you even know what yunanistan means ? 
  `` macedonian '' is a slavic dialect with serbian and bulgarian elements . 
  it has nothing to do with the ancient macedonians that spoke greek . 
  i do n't think greeks actually believe merkel is hitler but exaggeration is often used to make a point . 
  blooming economies ? 
  everything that costed 100 greek drachmas , the day the euro came costed 1 euro ( 1 $ = 340 drachmas ) . 
  blooming greek economy was a lie , like the rest . 
  tired already ? 
  you should have been in the european south ... 
   no new ipads or laptops for you in that case . 
  that was a shitty comment to make mate . 
   the scandinavian model is based on a homogenous and hard working people . 
  as opposed to what ? 
  are n't for example the germans homogenous and hard working enough ? 
  nothing , i just typed my thoughts and pressed save ... 
  nothing to see here . 
  but since you probably wo n't find anything on the party , you can keep banning members until there 's none left . 
  what do you mean the party not the members ? 
  a party is it 's members . 
  is n't everyone trying to save their own dirty money ? 
  it 's what happened in greece 's case , with german and french banks exposed to greek risk .
