  i like plasma rifles :(, 
   extreme austerity mean no way to fuel corruption . 
  as a greek under extreme austerity , i laugh at such silly ideas . 
  you were under byzantine control for a time , which can be considered mostly a greek empire . 
  does that count ? 
  you are , an ex-colony of rome . 
  preparing for atomic warfare and actually persuing one are two different things . 
  and the point of this article was ? 
  hey !, 
  leave my welcome alone !, 
  so did cyprus . 
  top image has one circle too many . 
  probably that , since they have a core on crimea . 
  it 's foolish to think you can win them all . 
  that 's conservative politics everywhere , not just the uk . 
  i do n't get the downvotes . 
  this is simply the sad truth . 
  yes , i realize his post was probably sarcastic . 
  since you seem to know , why do n't you enlighten us ? 
  no islands were actually mentioned on the article , and tbh i have n't heard of such cases on islands . 
  the rest of it is correct though . 
  so , everytime something like this happens , are we obliged to provide similar incidents from the other side ? 
  the story is what the story is . 
  not , as long as they listen to the nationalists . 
  and you can predict that happening in 2075 how ? 
  short answer : nothing . 
  this applies to every other country besides greece , we learn nothing about any other country besides glorious greek motherland . 
  clearly , the serbian minority of kosovo should declare independance . 
  i see your point too , but the question then would be whether these 2075 muslims would be considered pakistani ( or whatever ) or englishmen . 
  so do we . 
  that would n't be a bad idea , actually . 
  the roman empire fell because of multiculturalism ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
  you need education for that . 
  not necessarily , but this woman allegedly gave birth to 6 children in one year . 
  people are up in arms because they were collecting child benefits for supposedly having a baby every 4 months . 
  everyone in greece knows that throwing away food is a sin !, 
  prepare to be democratized . 
  resistance is futile . 
  not this debate again ... 
  it is estimated that about 50 % of policemen voted for gd . 
  i 'm afraid that your post does n't accurately describe the situation . 
  responsibility . 
  i 'm just having a bit of fun at the idea of `` discovery '' , do n't take my comment too seriously :p, 
  you forgot that the greeks discovered the whole northern mediterranean coast and the phoenicians the south . 
  not all 10 % of their voters are murdering fascists . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  there are plenty of banned parties in europe , many of them following nazi ideology like gd . 
  exactly . 
  if they were only working inside the institutions , there would be no need for a ban . 
  that 's like saying that because the majority of the people think our politicians should be hung , we should make it so . 
  making them illegal will achieve two things : 1 . 
  it will strip them of their parliamental priviledges ( like the right to carry arms ) and it will ( maybe ) divert voters to more moderate parties ( although they may send them even further to extreme right ) . 
  it will take pressure off the right wing ruling patry , that right now is trying to appeal to the nationalist voters . 
  they will probably move to an even more extreme party . 
  it has happened before . 
  they ca n't distance themselves from the svastikas tatooed on their skin . 
  quality of life in denmark is so high though . 
  gd used to have those small numbers before the crisis . 
   there 's even some overseas parts of france that are n't part of the eurozone and still use the franc . 
  this is interesting , any link for further reading ? 
   putting even 1 % of the oil/gas money to research projects would be massive for the country only if they are actually put to good use and not end up in the hands of friends and relatives , like every single time . 
  exactly this . 
  most employers in greece will choose the cheapest worker over the best , and in times of trouble will fire their older , experienced personnel to hire new , cheaper ones . 
  it 's alright , we do n't care for your sympathy . 
  besides obvious ones like democracy and philosophy and alexander 's conquests , my personal favourite is our maritime achievements and the colonies we set across the mediterranean . 
  from iberia to the black sea the coast was riddled with greek ( and phoenician ) colonies , some of them important cities even today . 
  is n't the powerless ep a big part of eu 's democratic deficit ? 
  how is limiting ep 's power going to make eu more democratic ? 
  how reliable are polls in germany ? 
  some people are obsessed with control . 
  they take great pleasure by telling others what they can and ca n't do . 
  if they could tax free thought , rest assured that they would . 
  same thing happening in greece . 
  there are more greek immigrants around the world than in greece , and yet some people blame our own immigrants for everything . 
  it gives me great hope that people around the world seem to finally be tired of this shit . 
   the majority of them do not give a fuck about ert . 
  this is true only because you say it 's true . 
  as a counter-argument , i will mention what vaksevanis said about the ratings and how they where scewed to favour the private stations [ \\ ( article in greek \\ ) . 
   ugly , but legal this is debatable . 
   most if not all of the working class people will be hired again i do n't trust this government to hire the right people . 
  do you ? 
  ert has 700 journalists for 3 tv channels and several radio stations all over the country . 
  and ratings have nothing to do with it . 
  as for the hate on unions , it is expected of samaras . 
  he is following on thatcher 's footsteps afterall . 
  yes . 
  companies exist ( or should exist ) to provide goods and services to the people . 
  so is in greece . 
  i call bulshit on the `` no news '' . 
  a [ reaper . 
  you seem to not mind when people emigrate to other countries , when at the same time say that it is crazy for those countries to accept them . 
  i do n't think people move because immigration policies enable them to . 
  most people would rather stay in their country . 
  they only move when they absolutely have no other option . 
  the policies of the recieving countries have little to do with it . 
   powerful unions that actively try to regulate away the kind of simple low paying jobs can you elaborate on this ? 
   [ accepting asylum seekers ] is the craziest thing a country can do . 
   my countrymen go where they can and please . 
  you are contradicting yourself .
