i 'm sorry , but i find it hard to believe that people would `` not give a shit '' losing a part of their country , especially in the balkans . 
  did the english not give a shit about scotland ? 
  do spaniards not care about catalunia ? 
  and still that does n't make him a racist . 
  i think it 's obvious that he 's a serb , but why call him racist ? 
  greece also had 7 years of military dictatorship and yet the nazi party has 10 % now . 
  never underestimate the nationalists . 
  or maybe the only one where it is politically favourable to complain . 
  sicily is the most popular , but personally i prefer nice . 
   that can be said for the majority of countries with a long history . 
  so you agree with me . 
  national identity is more than just a name . 
  just because we have been calling ourselves romans does n't mean we had ceased being greeks . 
  that can be said for the majority of countries with a long history . 
  society has rules . 
  deal with it . 
  least favourite : turkey . 
  most favourite : turkey . 
  do n't ask . 
  and progressive tax exists to make sure those that could not take the opportunity ( or were n't given one at all ) are not penalized . 
  but i guess we 'll just have to agree that our political positions are different . 
  again you are generalizing . 
  attending a univercity is free , but the cost of living in another city is n't always . 
  plus , your family may be in such financial trouble that you have to sacrifice your education in order to work and help them . 
  please , consider all possibilities . 
  you do n't have to get angry . 
  but not everyone can afford a higher education . 
  some people are born in riches and others are born in poverty . 
  some people benefit from economic turmoil and others are ruined from it , through no fault of their own . 
  i 'm not saying there is no merit in your opinion ( there is ) , all i 'm saying is  this is n't as black and white as you 're making it seem . 
  you assume that everyone with a high income has worked hard to earn it . 
  he may very well have inherited it . 
  you assume that everyone with a low income is just lazy , and he could earn more if only he worked harder . 
  but that 's not how it works in real life . 
  this is n't as black and white as you 're making it seem . 
  i blame it on the scary colours . 
  all their neighbours except hungary have more pozitiv than negativ , so i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  can you put merkel 's face on lady justice ? 
  not really , everyone knows putin is arming the rebels , you do n't wait for an official admittance that will never come . 
  no one is declaring their arsenal during war . 
   lying to the world declaring he doesnt do such things is what caused this catastrophe that does n't make much sense . 
  why would they do that ? 
  we do , it 's called the champions ' league . 
  there are some who say that the british empire is alive and well , with the capital moved to washington dc . 
  am i the only one to think that every politician talks like this in private ? 
   so this is why i 've downvoted nearly all of your posts . 
   redditor for one day . 
  `` shut up and get our help already '' . 
  speak for yourself , i have no love for putin 's authoritarianism . 
  family support . 
  more than i make , which is nothing , as i am currently unemployed . 
  i still pay property taxes for my house and car . 
  in a thread about politics in spain , your post is meaningless . 
  what does europhilia has to do with love or hate of royalty ? 
  it 's also the most popular delivery food in greece . 
  that was sad and funny at the same time :(, 
  so you 're saying they risked going to war , in order to acquire a vacation resort ? 
  look , a simplistic `` just like the west '' comment is meant to be sarcastic . 
  of course the west is not as authoritarian as russia . 
  but unfortunately we are not the bastion of democracy we used to be , not in a lot of coutries at least . 
  this confrontation with russia should help to illustrate our own slide to authoritarianism , not make putin appear as this month 's bad guy . 
  sure , send anyone that dares post a controversial opinion to / r/conspiracy . 
  the fact is that in many western countries : - * the media spew blatant propaganda * . 
  i do n't think anyone disagrees with that . 
  - * the agencies report what they 're told . 
  * not everywere , but in a lot of western countries . 
  - * the people are not allowed to manifest their views on the street . 
  * demonstrations are drowned in tear gas , people are pepper sprayed for no reason , etc. 
  - * people are afraid of their government . 
  * again , not everywhere , and not to the extent that happens in russia , but the nsa revelations are way more than / r/conspiracy circlejerk . 
  just like the west , then . 
  you can leave a shelter anytime you want , stop playing with words . 
  indeed , we are almost as lazy as the mexicans !, 
  you do n't bring many arguments to the discussion ; your post was pretty much meaningless . 
  we actually do have slaves here in greece . 
  the worst thing is that people that do n't bother to vote are the ones that complain afterwards . 
  as a greek , with our own nazis on the rise , i feel your pain . 
  i find it intriguing that the french overseas territories are part of the eu and the isle of man is n't . 
  two greeks agreeing on something !, 
  quick , take a picture !, 
  can i get a job in one of those companies ? 
  many greeks , especially non-atheneans , avoid the islands because of the extra trouble and costs of transportation . 
  greece has a huge mainland coastline , with excellent locations that you do n't have to get a boat to reach . 
  just avoid the island with the lady that turns men into pigs . 
  first time i learned about gyms as free shower was in [ that excellent blog post from ' 06 . 
  ] ( http://www.violentacres.com/archives/32/drastic-measures/ ) it made a big impression in me , i remembered it immediately when op said about the gym . 
  and greece claims lineage from the ancient macedonians . 
  so when the slavs of fyrom come and claim the same thing , it is them that are disputing our claims . 
  now , you may think it is a silly issue , but you do n't expect us to just back down like that . 
  `` here , have some history , we have so much ourselves we can practically give it away '' . 
   there 's still an unbroken lineage from the old days please elaborate . 
  that is a very simplistic point of view . 
   it is a big factor but hardly the most important one . 
  i 'll have to dissagree here . 
  i think most of greece 's problems can be traced back to corruction . 
  if we are not recovering , it is because we are n't really fighting corruption . 
  not all of europe , but they did/do have a dream of a pan-slavic empire . 
   but we could make an invasion very costly and therefore far less likely . 
  if nukes do n't make an invasion costly , i do n't know what does . 
  realistically , if you ca n't or wo n't trust your allies , you can only do this by acquiring nuclear weapons .
