  all that time i was thinking kilkenny was a south park reference . 
  about tree fiddy . 
  we have been called both gay and pigs but not both at the same time . 
  it 's an improvement i guess ? 
  i remember reading about a town , i think in germany , that removed traffic lights and that made drivers more careful . 
  good luck , just ... do n't make another no man 's sky . 
  that reminded me of regular ordinary swedish meal time . 
  we are so good , we are the best at being poor too . 
  ask anyone !, 
  that 's what paradox games are there for . 
  turkey did invaded cyprus , it 's not like it 's unprecedented for nato . 
  i guess diplomacy and international laws were on their day-off then . 
  i really do not understand why articles that are already proven to be misleading are not removed . 
   india share of global gdp was 23-30 % for most of 2000 years . 
  when british left in 1947 it was less than 4 % . 
  what was the reason for that ? 
  were there attempts to divide bosnia even during the yugoslav period ? 
  after playing `` find the croats '' with this map , i give up . 
  where are they ? 
  edit : found it !, 
  thanks . 
  i grew up surrounded by communist states . 
  i know very well how shitty communism handled things . 
  i also know how shitty fascism/nazism handled things too . 
  we had those people here . 
  in spain too . 
  not to mention italy and germany . 
  i just ca n't accept it dismissed so easily . 
  `` i would choose fascism in a heartbeat '' is a very disingenuous thing to say , and it makes me think that whoever says it is a secret sympathizer . 
  many times it 's true , i agree . 
  but in this post , people took a single chart as an opportunity to say how bad communism is . 
  it 's like , to use your example , taking a chart of jewish population in germany , noticing the decline during hitler and saying `` nazism is bad , kids . '', 
  not to mention those that say fascism is preferable to communism , like it 's a competition for which authoritarian dystopia is less shitty . 
  notice that i said anti-communism , not anti-stalin . 
  fuck stalin . 
  and fuck hitler , too . 
  btw , where did you see an anti-hitler circlejerk in this thread ? 
  username checks out . 
  the anti-communism circlejerk is strong here . 
  there are even a few that claim that fascism is better . 
  good job / r/europe . 
  again you conveniently did n't mention george papandreou who artificially inflated the greek debt to force the imf on us . 
  and saying that simitis did well ? 
  the same guy that got us on the euro on fabricated statistics ? 
  no , we understand that erdo\u011fan has huge popular support on the purges . 
  we still do n't like them though , because they remind us of the darkest moments of european history and also of similar purges from known dictators . 
  he is pro-erdogan . 
  whether this equals pro-turkey remains to be seen . 
  what about the other two thirds ? 
  if you arrest him just to make him pay a fine he will be a martyr . 
  you need to find a way to press more serious charges and imprison him or at the very least remove him from his position as a religious authority . 
  death penalty for what crime ? 
  according to google , distance between turkey and china is 5,946 km . 
  as a comparison , distance between france and russia is mostly the same ( 6,217 km ) . 
  would you say that france is between spain , britain and russia ? 
   turkish politics are extremely complicated all countries ' politics are , do n't act like you are some special case . 
   china wat, 
   on their `` military '' i see where this is going . 
  it 's the same flip-flopping he did with israel tbh . 
  easy to say , but it is we who have to live next to that paranoid madman . 
  it 's true though . 
   all but uk and poland france , greece and turkey have same military expenditures ( as gdp % ) as the uk . 
  estonia has more than poland . 
  so i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  it 's the same here . 
  if you wanted to achieve anything worthwhile you had to move to athens . 
  you did n't address any of my points but i do n't care to be honest . 
  i just made a joke . 
  i really do n't want to have to that discussion again . 
  another one that says i 'm blaming others . 
  where in my post did i do that ? 
  i 'm just questioning europe 's desire or ability to offer real solidarity . 
  we have n't seen much in greece ( yes our situation is our fault ) , we have n't seen much in ukraine either . 
  hell , cyprus is being occupied for 42 years , they joined the eu and still nothing happened to solve anything . 
  at most i expect some strong words and maybe a loose embargo . 
  and where in my post did i do that ? 
  and what does that article have to do with anything ? 
  i do n't get your point . 
  you 'll get your money back anyway , it was a loan not a gift . 
  as for `` cultural problems '' i 'd rather make no comment at all , as it would n't be a nice one . 
  anyway , there 's no need to turn this into a discussion about greece . 
  my post was more of a joke but some people are immune to them . 
  judging from past years , allow me to be skeptical of european solidarity . 
  germany does n't have * millions of syrian refugees * , no country in the eu has . 
  what millions ? 
  see how merkel encourages those dirty immigrants to murder people with d\u00f6ner knives !, 
  it 's all her fault !, 
  `` help help i 'm being repressed ! '', 
  the greek crisis started a lot earlier than 2015 , just saying . 
   the family he later stabbed rescued him how fucked up must someone be to do such a thing . 
  why kill them all when you can kill a few and terrorize the rest ? 
  if some will not be sufficiently terrorized , they could be killed at a later time , for a different crime . 
  i would n't call that `` might '' , not is it comparable to what hitler did . 
  ~ ~ hitler was n't elected . ~ ~ apparently i was wrong , disregard this post . 
  i 'm sure if war was waging in your country you would n't wait for permission . 
  in fact , that 's exactly what happened during the yugoslav war and i do n't recall any country building walls to stop anyone . 
  they were n't even immigrants to their country , they were only passing by on their way to germany . 
  with your logic , they will make other countries worse by moving there . 
  especially when it was obvious the migrants never intended to stay , only cross the country on their way to ( mostly ) germany . 
  did n't they recently constructed a wall so that they wo n't have any migrants ?
