  what a silly , oversimplified statement . 
  what life can they expect to find in greece ? 
  not having people shooting at you is great , but you have to make a living in your new country and we do n't even have enough jobs for ourselves . 
  how about not funding extremist groups to overthrow governments you do n't like ? 
  you ca n't quarantine the source though , you can only quarantine yourself . 
  that 's a good way to describe muslim countries , but not muslims in europe . 
  they can have normal relationships if they want to and not `` be a virgin well into their 20s '' . 
  so while you can blame their society for rapes caused by recent immigrants ( which , as far as i know , are almost non-existent ) but for rapes caused by people who grew up in europe , you can only say that this individual is scum . 
  are you saying that the syrian refugees are the cause of the recent terrorist attacks ? 
  i thought it was the kurds . 
  and i hate calling them isis , as the name of the ancient egyptian goddess . 
  you ca n't make a single search on her nowadays without getting a ton of results on them . 
  if they hate the name d'aesh , all the more reason to call them that . 
   farage could n't even win a seat in the uk parliament was n't that because of the election laws rather than his actual votes ? 
  first they came for the greeks ... 
  why ? 
  it 's not like the refugees can just buy tickets to the mainland . 
  go away , captain barbosa . 
  czech republic sounds a bit silly , no offence . 
  should we also call the people czech republicans ? 
  europe has a lot of little trumps , they 're all over the place . 
  now that 's something you do n't see very often . 
   what final solution do you suggest the greek goverment should use ? 
  everyone implies that final solution but no one has the balls to actually say it . 
  they all wash their hands , expecting us to do it and then blame us for our lack of humanity . 
  fair enough . 
  i personally believe that comments like these should stay , so everyone can see where people really stand , but i respect your decision . 
  i 'll remove my own comment . 
  seriously ? 
  that guy said `` a coward like you '' , `` traitordom '' , `` parasitic method of diversion '' and `` a parasite as yourself '' and then asked everyone to not have a discussion with that person , but i am making personal insults ? 
  we do , but those people are not going to become atheists/seculars overnight . 
  we 've been looking for ways to piss off germany , it seems that all we have to do is build a few nuclear power plants . 
  so give us money to do it !, 
  no worries , we have a leftist government that tries their best to nationalize our corruption again . 
  they should privatize their cheating like the rest of the civilized world . 
  do rapes happen because feminists do n't bring up the issue ? 
  nevermind , i 'm tired of debating this thing all day . 
  it seems everyone has an agenda nowadays . 
  i 'm out . 
  good night , and good luck . 
  you blame ... me ?!, 
  seriously ? 
  wtf !, 
  she could call the police . 
   it must be our culture that 's responsible our culture is responsible for the rape ? 
  i did n't attack the above poster , i criticized his post . 
  it 's not that i blamed him for being romanian like you blame me for being greek . 
   the solution to this problem is n't as intricate as whatever sociologist tend to present it , rather , it 's all about cultural compatibility . 
  excuse me if trust a qualified expert more than a rude somebody on the internet . 
  no wonder my fellow greeks do n't tag up anymore ... 
  i am sorry , what does that `` neckbeard '' comment refer to ? 
  netheir me , nor the poster i replied to mentioned the word . 
  i blame the rapists ... crazy , i know . 
  it was a bunch of 15-year-old kids , you pussy . 
  let 's just stick to what the laws call for , ok ? 
  forever is a long time . 
  i would generally agree with you , but the original article mentions nothing about their origin . 
  still , it 's here . 
  what a masterpiece of a post . 
  let 's blame ultra-feminists , weak progressive leftists , mention trump a bit , white-guilt , anything / r/europe circlejerks about these days . 
  i am surprised you were n't able to fit muslim immigrants somewhere in this rant , it would have been a perfect 5/7 post . 
  well done . 
  ** tips fedora *, 
  or blaming the left again ? 
  good luck finding a job that pays that `` average '' here . 
  some interesting descriptions i gathered from the thread . 
  can you guess who is who just by them ? 
  - the irish guy looks like a hobbit . 
  - the greek guy looks like a hobgoblin - hungary looks like a german porn star from 80s . 
  - slovenia 's president is often reffered to as barbie doll . 
  - luxembourg has a dapper duke . 
  - niinisto ( finland ) , stop staring into my soul . 
  - the proudest looking guy is by far king felipe from spain . 
  - best-looking one is the romanian imo . 
  he has a slight case of a palpatine face , better watch out . 
  try austria , that worked well in the past . 
  you do n't fix a problem by keeping it out of your door . 
  they might not stay anyway ... 
  i do n't know of anyone that still compares prices in drachmas , not even the old people . 
  although sometimes we use old prices in conversations to point out how expensive everything became after we switched to the euro . 
  so glad to see european solidarity in action . 
   even the greek are afaik resonably happy with germany right now . 
  we literally ca n't afford not to . 
   now imagine , how many get through . 
  you seem well informed , how many do they ? 
   through debt country not editorialized at all . 
  i am surprised this is the case . 
  our own gypsies all speak greek , christians and muslims , even though most muslims also speak turkish . 
  tell me about it . 
  how much did your border change , though ? 
  i was only joking , i am aware of this little piece of history . 
  i even have a friend that comes from a half-polish family . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  if people think ( and hope ) when they say `` we wo n't tolerate them '' , that we 're going to go full nazi on them , they should think again . 
   they wo n't tolerate a growing muslim minority what exactly do you mean `` we wo n't tolerate '' ? 
  what do you think we will do ? 
  i would too , but they do n't accept immigrants from greece . 
  what political mood ? 
  the media calling greeks lazy and corrupt ? 
  and it 's a better idea to dump them all in greece ?
