  love for ones country is what ireland is bult on , generation after generation of stories being told of bravery and martyrdom , songs of people like wolfe tone and james connolly will never be ignored , the day an irish flag is lowered and an eu one takes its place is the a snowball survives in hell . 
  2 plus 2 is only 4 though at the end of the day , the majority of people would never be for such a thing , if the eu landed troops in ireland you would think michael collins had rose from the dead , and for the love of god i hope that never changes . 
  i 'm glad most people do n't . 
   not saying anything on the bullshit he talks and attacking me because i point him out , you freaked out and told him to go back onto / r/the _ donald but he never actually posted there from what i seen , you did n't call him out on anything you just freaked because he has a different view from you . 
   thats what you get defending right wing populist lies . 
  i did n't defend any `` right wing populist lies '' mate i simply pointed out you sperg attack . 
  seriously the people who have eu flairs seem to be so fucking unstable . 
  `` do n't give your opinion on a forum '' well done . 
  they let emotions rule their policy making ability which is a massive fucking no for any politician , a ruler or ruling party needs to make the decisions that are tough , that upset people but will better the country be it in the long run or short run , these people ca n't do it , they are too focused on trying to make a make believe world where everybody loves each other and guns are melted down to make fucking hospitals or something . 
   except from the horrors because their farmers and workers wanted communism well they were n't very fucking smart now were they ? 
  should n't have been murdered but i and any sane person would pick the us over the soviet union . 
  still were n't liberated , they were n't under nazi occupation were they ? 
   peace is at stake lol, 
   go back to r/the _ donald and try your subversive lies there i went back a week into the lads posting history and he did n't have a single post there , what is with this fucking attitude of `` everyone i do n't agree with is a donald trump `` aka adolf hitler '' supporter . 
   all the countries in south america , central america oh yeah i remember when the nazis occupied brazil . 
  anything you disagree with . 
   they waste their time and energy with this pointles crap so like every single green party in europe ? 
  did n't know culture only meant 1940/41, 
   ireland produces a lot of food and beverages which are exported around the globe a lot of other countries do the same for much cheaper though , we focus on working for companies like ibm and microsoft and give them tax breaks hoping they do n't fuck off . 
   hurray now it 's our turn : / nah you lot have a massive base already for jobs in home grown companies , we have fuck all . 
   the conservatives turning the uk into a low-tax paradise for big business pulling away that irish investment :( i do n't blame them one bit why should i expect any other country to worry about us ? 
  we let ourselves be whored out to foreign companies for years now , because we ca n't create our own jobs . 
   it seems to work rather well . 
  just wait maybe 6 years or so then we 'll see how sustainable this is , also this growth is n't everywhere in the country , living here i can tell you a lot of things are the same they were in 2010 , dublin doing well means fuck all for me or anyone else not living or working there . 
  not to mention the amount of jobs multinationals give us which can just be swiped away at any moment because they have power over us , another countries company can hold our government to ransom and let them away with paying fuck all tax it 's a fucking joke . 
   it 's another circlejerk thread, 
  okay read everything you said and i can go though everything and explain why you 're wrong , but i really ca n't be fucked , so all i 'll say is go and ask actual fascists about trump , i mean honest to god by the book ones because donald trump is not a fascist and i can only imagine your reaction when you see actual ones like the lovely people over at / r/nationalsocialism, 
   ww2 then was hitler using nationalism to get closer to his goals where did i say or imply `` nazis were n't nationalists '' ? 
  just because they were nationalists does n't mean everything they believed in was nationalism you dope . 
  it 's not an empire it 's a co-prosperity sphere , 
   guy hires a devout racist as his chief advisor , nope not a racist . 
  i do n't even think there is literal proof that bannon is a racist to be honest but i 'll take your word for it , anyway i asked you how is trump a fascist , fascist , you still have n't answered . 
   his chief advisor being a racist is irrelevant to him being a facist ? 
  yes ? 
  since you know , bannon is n't him ? 
   nationalism also caused two world wars in europe i did n't know that germany backing austria to go to war with serbia because a serb murdered the arch-duke which triggered many alliances and had a few warmongering generals go rogue is counted as `` nationalism '' the franco-prussian war was nationalsim , not ww1 , ww2 then was hitler using nationalism to get closer to his goals , believeing in a master race is n't nationalism . 
   you do n't believe his chief advisor is racist ? 
  that 's irrelevant , i asked you how trump is a fascist and you never answered . 
  lol this is so cringy . 
   nationalism and other trumpisms nationalism is a liberator of people and has done great the world over , i mean unless you thought it was better when 5 empires split europe between them ? 
   dismiss evidence yes shit evidence from shit sites , if i started giving you infowars articles you would hardly take them as gospel would you ? 
   if you agree with alt right just say it , why be such a coward ? 
  why are you acting like i have something to hide lol ? 
   his chief advisor . 
  oh so not trump then ? 
   his father was arrested for punching a cop at a kkk rally . 
  so not trump then ? 
   he got investigated for refusing to rent his properties to black families . 
  `` investigated '' i went to 2 pages of google results for this and among the top results were motherjones , hillaryclinton.com , vox.com , huffingtonpost , the independent and finally the daily fucking mail , and when i got to the second page of results , it started to turn from `` trump would n't let blacks get houses '' to `` trumps father would n't let blacks get houses '' so they were n't even consistent , and seeing how his father was in charge that means it was donald , so again pointless . 
   be a man , if you agree with this stuff grow a pair and just call it what it is , do n't hide behind pansy assed snowflake semantics like a bitch . 
  lol , i asked you how is he a fascist and you ca n't even give me eveidence of one dictator like action . 
   well if you ca n't handle an opposing opinion mind your own business getting a lecture on racism from somebody who denies the armenian genocide is n't not being able to handle something , it 's common sense , also it does n't prove trump is a fascist so ? 
   the young turks into the trash it goes , i 'm not going to hear a lecture in racism from a fucker who denies the armenian genocide . 
   4 years of kim jong-orange in what way is trump anything like a dictator ? 
  do you people even realise what you are writing down ? 
   79 votes above the threshold this place is a fucking joke . 
   obviously the eu ca n't be held responsible for wars between countries that are not in the eu . 
  the eu is n't why there was n't any wars between countries after ww2 either , everyone in western europe was against the ussr so did n't squabble between eachother , and anyway what country would even be looking for war after ww2 ? 
  no country wanted one or had the capacity for one , while everyone on the other side was under soviet control , hardly going to be fighting eachother then are they ? 
   anyone that would compare the troubles to , say , the seven years war is simply wrong . 
  i never did though so it 's pointless , it was still a 30 year civil war and to just go `` nah it 's not a real conflict though because the 7 year war was worse '' is retarded . 
   ok , let 's make it countries in eu then . 
  yugoslavia were not in the eu , so that 's immediately ruled out . 
  okay so just move the goalposts  but let 's face it , it was not a major war on the scale of the 30 years war , any of the succession wars , crimean war , wwi or ii or any other conflict in those eras . 
  you never said major wars , you said war , which it was . 
   number of wars in central europe since eu : none . 
   central europe lol what cherrypicking , just leave the yugoslav breakup which had more ethnic cleaning than enough to make pol pot wince , or you know the 30 year civil war in northern ireland , central europe fucking hell what 's that 6 countries ? 
   right wing neo-fascism `` if i stick the word `` neo '' in front of words it makes me sound smart ! '', 
  what a fucking leap man . 
   economic refugees hahahahahahaha , alright mate you let them live with you . 
  posted to / r/europeanfederalists good god the larping you people do . 
  gr8 b8 m8, 
  i love the attitude here of `` britain will be fucked without the eu '' is shared by the same people who go `` scotlans will be better off out of the uk '', 
  they 'll show the french vanguard do n't freak , i mean the fuckers were compared to the spartans at thermopylae . 
  common sense wins out . 
  tolerance ^ ^ ^ ^ tm at work again . 
   all this gender fluid bollox didnt exist well to be fair it still does n't, 
  wow really makes you think ... ... ... 
  this paper broke watergate , now look at it . 
  i do agree it 's quite morbid . 
  on that scale ? 
  to be honest it 's insignificant in the grand scale of things , jesus we had ethnic cleansing all over the place in the balkans not 30 years ago and the un did n't even give that much of a fuck . 
  i honestly would n't say it would be in the top 15 . 
   surely equality would be a near 50/50 ratio ? 
  you see a normal person would think this but these people are n't normal . 
   also helps not having weirdos in the class i think all of the worlds problems can be solved by what you said . 
  i do n't know man , it 's not exactly the worst thing that 's happened in europe in the last 100 years . 
   you 'd rather be poor as fuck as i heard . 
  hope you do n't enjoy any of the benefits of the eu now , then . 
  right first of all you said `` i do n't delude myself into thinking my country would mean a lot on the world stage '' i never said that or implied that , why you thought you could outright lie when there is written proof is beyond me but okay , second of all , i said that in relation of there being a single european state , and again you for some reason outright lied when there is written proof stating otherwise . 
   nope . 
  i do n't delude myself into thinking my country would mean a lot on the world stage without the eu . 
  where did i even imply this ? 
   ireland would get screwed over by any major power fuck really ? 
   i 'm sure they also praised themselves on their fighting skills during the irish famine . 
  does n't even make sense but alright . 
  you like living in fantasy lands do n't you ? 
   soviets was biggest contributor to victory if the uk stayed out of it then russia would have been invaded far earlier , i 'm talking maybe 4/5 months , germany also would have been able to direct more troops , supplies and equipment to the eastern front . 
  no i do n't and i 'm happy that we have those deals , but if the ultimate goal is as you hoped for a single european state , i would rather be poor as fuck and be able to call myself irish than be known exclusively as `` european '' what the heroes of my country died for , what my own family fought and died for was not to be another province in somebody elses empire . 
  i asked you two questions in my previous reply and you did n't answer any of them and just rambled , you are thick as fuck .
