   \u2642 what did he mean by this ? 
   go on and wage another independence war then if that 's what 's good for ireland . 
  where did i even imply anything like this ? 
   separate from uk what the fuck are you on about ? 
  we 're and independent country , if you mean ni that 's a different issue totally . 
  most schools are geared towards girls nowadays i think , boys ca n't be boys at all , even in things like pe they wo n't just let the lads play football because it usually excludes girls , so they have a massive list of shit sports for students to do , most teachers in ireland tend to be girls as well and from i 've experienced are far more harsh on lads than girls . 
  also as we all know universities are full of weird sjw types nowadays and sort of cater towards them again from what i 've seen and lads are sort of left behind , i mean look at this in nuig https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwjwnoiy_84 what type of enviroment is that to be in ? 
   real life is not like that . 
  you want europe to unite under one flag and you 're trying to tell me how the world works ? 
   do you think ireland would be able to negotiate ftas that are just as favourable as the ones it is in under eu terms ? 
  do you think our heroes of 1916 willingly gave their lives for a trade deal ? 
   and how is that a bad thing ? 
  jesus christ  we need to unite to remain relevant , else we will get terms dictated as the uk is about to find out . 
  the bigger fish eats the smaller fish . 
  i hope your kind never gets to power , because that is insane , and thankfully no sane fucker would ever be part of that . 
   european army yeah thank fuck , because that would really be pointless and show that the end goal of the eu is one state . 
   however , to cling on it like some ratty security blanket that was passed down from your great grandpa however ... not really what he 's doing though is it ? 
  he 's making a point about how much economics plays a part in british policy . 
   how it will hurt ireland off topic but this was inevitable , being so reliant on foreign companies for jobs is fucking retarded especially when you 're a small country like us , you give the companies power rather than your government having it . 
   blocked progress while they were . 
  god this is such a weird thing to say for some reason . 
   some of you brits still can not let go yeah people should just let go of arguably the worst thing ever , people should forget it happened and the lessons learned from it . 
   many things worse than communism i do n't know , stalin and mao did n't exactly give it the best advertising did they ? 
  inb4 `` not real communism '', 
   or one party ( uk , russia )  uk what are you talking about man ? 
  yes the tories have a majority now , but the last government they had a coalition , with the lib-dems , before that it was labour , that 's 3 parties that were in power in the last what 10 years ? 
  how is that one party by any means ? 
  typical greeks not paying debts . 
  well you should have gave venice its money then should n't you ? 
   that 's true ... because communism has n't been implemented `` it was n't real communism guys ! '', 
  oh god you people are hilarious . 
   soviet russia went from a semi-feudalist backwater to inventing the first satellite in under 50 years ; in the mere attempt at achieving communism america got to the moon with capitalism though . 
   cuba no longer has child homelessness and has developed some advanced medicine ; in the mere attempt at communism , i bet you would much rather live in switzerland or germany though would n't you ? 
  where would you rather raise your family ? 
   vietnam kicked the ass of the best military in the world . 
  oh yeah i remember that going communist gives you a +5 in guerrilla warfare . 
   examples of the wonders pulled off by capitalism `` what about this thing though , it 's just as bad ! '', 
  capitalism has a lot of successful examples , communism has literally none at all and has left nothing but destruction in it 's wake and it still hoovers in the gullible youth , the naive and straight out stupid . 
  no but total economic stagnation and or collapse , millions of deaths due to starvation , no freedom of press and a police state do . 
  ... ... . so you try again , then your retarded system collapses but that 's okay because it 's not real communism , so you try again , then your retarded system collapses but that 's okay because it 's not real communism , so you try again , then your retarded system collapses but that 's okay because it 's not real communism ... ... 
  lower education does n't mean `` without higher education who 've never read a book on economics in their lives '' education means fuck all in relation to this anyway , how many people who are counted as having `` higher education '' are doing degrees like art , teaching , english , history , or the majority of degrees that have n't anything to do with economics ? 
   because they 're ordinary people mostly without higher education who 've never read a book on economics in their lives . 
  this place is mostly anti-brexit i 'd say maybe 80-20 against it , are you saying the all those people against it have done most of the things you just listed ? 
  jesus christ stop talking down to people because they do n't agree with you . 
   ni after reunion with roi than scotland than wales and finally ... 
  ignoring the first two for starters , if you seriously think wales will ever go independent you should stop larping . 
  anyway we probably wo n't take the north back until they stop being leeches . 
   you ca n't even understand that this is a possibility ? 
  yet you ca n't seem to understand that sticking your head in the sand and ignoring the blatant problem of radical islam might have something more to do with their own beliefs rather than a response to the treatment they recieved from the west . 
  why is it always the people with the eu flairs that are always for turning the other cheek and just ignoring this problem ? 
  so would most people after the fucking mess labour left the place in during the 70s . 
   my fetish is a united europe pathetic, 
  it is relevant ? 
  you came out with shit about the human race and wrote my response in relation to that , meaning it 's relevant . 
   it 's just the only way we 've ever tried because our species is dogshit . 
  god i hate people like you `` human race is worst race we are all shit people '' fuck you mate if you hate humans so much then you lead the charge in getting rid of us . 
   majority of british voters believe brexit was wrong decision . 
   however , 45 per cent of the 1,590 surveyed said they thought it was the wrong decision . 
  why must there always be lies ? 
  why do people keep posting from this rag that could n't even stay a rag ? 
  because most people on this sub agree with what it 's saying . 
  worse than that to be honest , brietbart source most things in their articles , these fuckers are like the sun . 
  people post the independent articles like they 're the word of god but then call other sources out for being `` unreliable '' have such a lack of awareness . 
  labour i think was the name of the party that did in britain . 
   the late 18th century this here is wrong for a start , nationalism was around for a fucking far longer time before that but it never took off in a major fashion until after the napoleonic wars . 
  nationalism once seen as something that united oppressed people to fight against the big empires to achieve freedom , now frowned upon so another big empire can be created , what the fuck happened that people now support this ? 
  especially on the left where a superstate is more popular than on the right from what i 've seen , how can someone who is left-wing support their own country losing independence ? 
  whatever region the candidate you do n't like is popular in . 
   we are not the nationalist exceptionalist xenophobic nation how exactly is celebrating st.georges day any of those things to begin with ? 
   there is more than enough wealth and resources in this world to ensure that none have to . 
  yes there is , but everybody would have to pull their weight , and you try and get your fair share from shitholes in africa so everybody can be equel , it 's impossible  you 're so insistent on avoiding the basic question of ` are you payed low wages for menial work ? ', 
  i 'm paid a tenner an hour for 9-5 work in a mix of things , be it heavy lifting , or packing boxes , it 's good wages and i can live comfortably on them . 
   i was wondering when you 'd show your true 4chan colors . 
  hahahaha what the fuck man ? 
   being part of the exploited class does not make you a lesser human being . 
  something you do n't seem to understand . 
  well according to you i 'm part of the `` exploited class '' and i 'm doing well so go figure . 
   99 brits out of 100 would tell you that she is a figurehead . 
  they would be wrong then ? 
   find me a single important way she has exercised control over the government in her lifetime . 
  i 'll be waiting . 
  the question was n't that she has exercised power it was whether or not she had that power , which a quick googl search can tell you she does . 
  now i have answered all of your questions and frankly i 'm bored of talking to a socialist who denies all examples of socialism failing . 
   i mentioned before that if you lack human empathy this discussion will go nowhere and it seems i was absolutely correct . 
  maybe one day you will experience poverty , homelessness , etc. 
  and develop a sense of sympathy . 
  because you ca n't help everyone it 's impossible , there will always be somebody at the bottom . 
   only an insult if you have a typical capitalist mindset that treats people who work low-paying jobs as subhuman . 
  tell me , is my description of what your situation is like inaccurate ? 
  let 's set aside your being triggered by `` sweatshop '' for a moment and focus on : yes it is inaccurate , very inaccurate , because me and everybody who works with me are happy were they are , i do n't know why you assume i work in sweatshop conditions . 
   typical capitalist mindset that treats people who work low-paying jobs as subhuman . 
  you are actually retarded if you believe this . 
   right so it 's poor people 's fault for being poor , so they can go fuck themselves amirite ? 
  christ . 
  just because you work a low paying job relative to fucking millionaires does n't mean you 're poor you mongoloid . 
   dude she has zero actual power over the government . 
  the queen of england is the definition of figurehead . 
  if your argument depends on semantic gymnastics , maybe it 's best to admit it 's wrong and save everyone time . 
  she can sack the pm if she wants , she can also appoint one or any minister that is . 
  she can suspend parliament and she can recall it , she can refuse to give royal assent or she give royal assent to anything parliament puts forward how is that no having power ?
