   now cleese complains that there are no competent people for doing the work ? 
  or maybe just maybe it 's a joke , imagine a comedian making a joke , maybe it 's a mix of both him not liking may being in charge and a joke !, 
  imagine that , imagine there being a shade of grey instead of just black and white !, 
   you 'll be at least 16 years old . 
  are we going to ignore this entire place was wanking over `` le funny lord buckethead xd '' in 3 threads ? 
  how ? 
  in what way is that hypocritical ? 
  he voted leave but is obviously not happy at the people who will be conducting the talks , you do n't have to blindly support everything like some zealot you know ? 
  in fact most of this place should take special attention to that last point . 
  and they should be treated in the best way possible . 
  t. nutcase, 
   ira/ulster bombings not to be able to occur ? 
  stop trying to compare the ira with people who go out of their way to murder innocent children just because . 
   all nationalists are bad . 
  lies . 
  so is narnia but i have all the information i want on that as well . 
  i do n't give a fuck if the eu is pissed at us it 's not our problem if your unemployment is 10 %, 
  i would say anything is a sexual orientation if you ask the right person . 
  i do n't like this . 
  my comment was tongue in cheek m80, 
  by who ? 
  who would be so batshit insane to invade europe ? 
  russia does n't have the economy to handle war at a serious capacity for long and if they did you and the brits would have them cut to pieces within 2 months . 
  you can fuck right off , this is the type of shit that pushed brexit through , the eu will continue to get more and more centralized , through little things until those one-state europe weirdos cream themselves and that can fuck right off . 
  we have the defense forces and we have peacekeeping forces , i do n't want to see down the line in 50 years our lads being killed in fucking latvia or something because they would n't heel the european co-prosperity sphere ^ ^ tm, 
  you know , like when you dock a dogs tail and it makes them buffer . 
  if you use the daily mail as as the measuring stick there is no hope for you . 
  what a strange character he was , to start his fucking war for white supremacy he murders 70 white people, 
   bet they blame the eu . 
  when people die but you still need to bring up brexit somehow . 
  it 's a joke man . 
   anti-islamic right wingers 7 words into the sentence and you already show your true colours not just the right wing have problems with islam you dope . 
  say what you want about the ira but they were the gentlemen of terrorism , i mean what terrorist group gives you a warning that there 's a bomb and tells everyone to get out safely before setting it off , others should take note . 
  great argument . 
  that 's insane , that 's `` the goyim know shut it down '' levels of fucking weird , they 're mods on a fucking internet forum not the nkvd . 
  which is why it 's so popular here . 
  it 's just a phrase , it is n't a literal question . 
   everybody lives this way if they 're born poor absolute bullshit, 
   there are footballers making # 50 million a week . 
  there are no footballers making that a year let alone a week man . 
   it 's weird that we live in times where we vote for people who sell arms to the the house of saud , yet see a man as dangerous when he wants to help those that need it , i do n't like either of them , corbyn wanted a powersharing deal with argentina over the falklands , lands that argentina have never owned in their entire history and lands where all the inhabitants identify as british , corbyn was n't looking out for them was he ? 
  corbyn is a tool the only reason labour gained seats this election is because may is even more of a tool , the only party that seemed to have their heads screwed on were the libdems and i personally find them a bit too left for me , and then poor tim had to get ousted because how dare he be christian . 
   i have no issue with people working hard and being successful corbyn does though , that 's why he believes in a maximum wage , because fuck people who worked hard to get where they are . 
   who want to horde wealth define this , is this people who are stealing and using illegal ways to gather wealth from others and hording it for themselves , or just rich people who have more money than the poor in general ? 
   i 'm more impressed at those who are managing to attack muslims there is one comment saying muslims at the very bottom of the thread , and even at that blaming muslims for the fire is still more on topic than going `` hurr hurr muh encryption laws '', 
   internet surveillance and state of emergency , please !, 
  +9  theresa may is going to propse that we need to be able to break encryption , because reasons ( score hidden )  early reports that the fire had used whatsapp in the past 100 days . 
  +27  if we had known what the construction workers were feeling about installing that plastic into the building , when they were communicating over the internet , government agencies could have intervened earlier . 
  also if we had known where every person is located exactly in every moment of their life , than emergency services could have reacted even more appropriately . 
  +9  also , discussing/debating the reasons why the fire started is pretty normal , i do n't see the problem . 
  how the fuck is the tories encryption policy at blame for this ? 
   but there are chronic problems that must be addressed . 
  not in a fucking thread about people dying a house fire , holy fuck that is ghoulish as fuck , if i used this as a way to attack corbyn i 'm sure all his little online warriors would n't hesitate to get on their moral high ground and shout down . 
  people have died in a fire and there are people here using this as a way to attack may ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with you people ? 
   maybe that is what a good business man is . 
  to be honest it sort of is , whether it 's putting prices up before a sale and then cutting them down to their original price or coning people out of their home for magic beans the business world is fucking cut throat , you have to be ruthless or fall to the dogs , it take a very very principled to stay very clean in that line of work . 
  he 's a billionaire a well renowed one at that , to say he is n't good at buisness is just wrong , just because you hate him does n't mean you can just blindly say he 's terrible at everything , i hate corbyn but i ca n't say he is n't fucking great at campaigning , if it was 2014 i would imagine you would agree on saying trummp is not only a good buisnssman but a great one . 
   who 's to say what trumps dad reasoning was ... any compatent buisnessman would know better than to give their buisness which they built up to someone they thought was n't good enough , that 's what the whole loan deal was , donald got the 1 million dollars and had to pay his father the money back plus interest meaning he had to successfully make money on it , and i would imagine it to be quite a substantial amount . 
  lol -1 seriously you ca n't say that he is n't a good buisness man i actually ca n't fathom what mental gymnastics you would have to do to come to that conclusion . 
   that defense has been getting worn pretty thin on trump ... 
  if you actually believe that trump is stupid then you are straight up wrong , a stupid person would n't have the fortune that he has for a start because his father would n't have trusted him with it if he was n't at the very least adept at buisness . 
  he is n't stupid , there is absolutely no way you stay that high up for that long if you are n't a crafty wee bastard , does n't matter how well connected you are you need a high enough degree of intelligence to stay that high up . 
   they also have boris boris is far far smarter than what he lets on , his public persona is just a great way of looking very simple and non threatening . 
  hahaha jesus wept you are sad . 
   simply because we are not talking about them in a thread that has nothing to do with them . 
  okay this the 6th time now , `` when sinn fein is brought up or mention in / r/europe people are more willing to either ignore or brush their controversy under the carpet '' you are insane . 
   oh did it go over your head . 
  a little gem for everyone else in / r/europe . 
  why are you acting like this is interesting enough to garner an audience , i made an observation and you are trying to make it something more than it actually is , now you 're freaking out . 
   this discussion is about the dup and due to your whataboutism , you want it to be about gerry . 
  will you fuck off with that shit . 
  i 'm not trying to fucking move the focus to gerry , i am merely stating that people are generally more quiet on here about sinn fein which is true , it was just an observation . 
   you clearly have issues . 
  go start a blog or something . 
  you say after going on a sperg soliloquy . 
  lol you replied to another post i made in another subreddit and you 're saying i have problems haha go outside man . 
  why are you acting like him more than likely ordering the murder of an innocent mother is something to just ignore ? 
  are we just going to brush over that ? 
  the fact he was obviously in the ira but wo n't admit it as well ? 
  why should we happily point out how insane the dup are and just brush everything from sinn fein under the carpet ? 
   we are saying that is not true . 
  on here it is , in real life it 's not , there for the 5th time now . 
  i 'm not defendning the dup at all , i 've said this like 4 times now , in general when sinn fein are brought up in / r/europe , people either do n't bring up or are very forgiving to adams , a man who probably ordered the murder of an innocent woman , that is literally it . 
   for medical emergencies , not as a personal choice . 
  in 1987 , the alan guttmacher institute collected questionnaires from 1,900 women in the united states who came to clinics to have abortions . 
  of the 1,900 questioned , 420 had been pregnant for 16 or more weeks . 
  these 420 women were asked to choose among a list of reasons they had not obtained the abortions earlier in their pregnancies . 
  the results were as follows 71 % woman did n't recognize she was pregnant or misjudged gestation 48 % woman found it hard to make arrangements for abortion 33 % woman was afraid to tell her partner or parents 24 % woman took time to decide to have an abortion 8 % woman waited for her relationship to change 8 % someone pressured woman not to have abortion 6 % something changed after woman became pregnant 6 % woman did n't know timing is important 5 % woman did n't know she could get an abortion 2 % a fetal problem was diagnosed late in pregnancy 11 % other hmm really makes you think  even so , yes , the option for euthanasia is a realistic choice at that point . 
  i just said sick people who ca n't live independently , i did n't specify what was wrong with them , my neighbour is old and needs his nephew or carer to go to his house everyday to help do things , he ca n't be left alone because of his age and health , but he still enjoys life , and you think a realistic option for him , is putting him down like a fucking dog ? 
   but because it does not infringe on anyone else rights , babies have rights as well . 
   and the person involved can take that decision on their own , it 's their choice . 
  you ca n't choose if another human who has a 99 % of being absolutely fine can live or die , just like i ca n't go into a maternity ward and pick which babies live or die , whether they are inside a woman does n't even come into it . 
   there are thousands of people who want a healthy , white child - ftfy . 
   white oh you 're one of those people , i see , no point talking to you then , i can just imagine the obnoxiously loud neon hair and 15 facial piercings already . 
  edgy . 
   it 's not able to live on its own , people are allowed to detach parasites from their body . 
  late term abortion is a thing , also many sick people ca n't live independently , would you kill them ? 
   why should we create an additional burden to put on that system there are thousands of people who want a child and ca n't have one or would happily adopt a child do n't act like you care about the state . 
   because what happens to my body and life is not yours to decide what happens to it .
