   since when do communists want that ? 
  do you know what communism is ? 
  you do know what power the state has in a communist regime ? 
  it controls everything , everything is run by the state . 
   his economic policies were indeed libertarian , or at least the closest approximation of libertarianism you could get in ' 73 . 
  introducing such unpopular policies required a great deal of terror , you could get arrested and tortured for anything . 
  really ? 
  it takes terror to implement capitalism in a country that 's inflation was at 1000 % ? 
  anyway having a free market does n't automatically make you a libertarian , britain belives in a free market would you under any circumstance call them libertarian ? 
   that 's not how any of it works . 
  i never said anything about it i just wrote what they believe ina very abridged version and to be honest it is more honest , the government taking my money to pay for someone who 's addicted to drugs does n't make me a charitible person because that money was forcefrully taken off me , if i went into my own pocket and gave that money to help the drug addict that is charity and that is what libertarians believe in . 
   throwing in a few surnames does n't really help your case , i can do the same . 
  you said libertarians do n't understand economics when they do , both gladstone and hazlitt were classical liberals of the same school of libertarianism , basically the father of it to make it short , the latter is one of the best renowned and well respected ecoonomists of all time and you 're saying he did n't have an understanding of economics ? 
   libertarians are all peaceful and shit i never said they were peaceful , but again they tend to be because they are ( in a very sweeping generalization ) isolationist in terms of foreign policy they do n't like foreign wars and wo n't get involved in them unless they truely believe the countrys future can be at stake . 
   unless you 're a commie pinochet was n't a fucking libertarian though , and anyway there is absolutely nothing wrong with hating communists , anybody who thinks the state should run your life is a fucking idiot . 
   because their views boil down to unabashed selfishness combined with disdain for others ' welfare unbashed selfishness ? 
  libertarians are the biggest advocators for charity , they believe that the government taking your hard earned money whether you earn a million a year or 20 thousand a year is wrong because it 's not charity it 's the government taking your money giving some of it back and expecting to be praised to put it shortly . 
   as well as a terribly bad understanding of economics . 
  free market capitalists have the best understanding of economics in general and capitalism together with the rights of the individual is what libertarianism is . 
  unless you think you understand economics better than people like gladstone and henry hazlitt . 
   see what i 'm talking about ? 
  no what does this have to do with pinochet throwing communists off helicopters and in the grand scheme of things why libertarians are bad ? 
  it 's about throwing communists out of helicopters , now what group hates communists ? 
  in fact what group likes communists apart from them , 
   pinochet was a full blown fascist , and the libertarians were ok with the means necessary to achieve such dramatic changes . 
  that does n't make sense though , libertarians do n't like a powerful state that 's the whole point of it , they hate fascism as much as they hate communism , that 's like a communist being laissez faire . 
  i have n't seen any libertarians praise pinochet but i would assume it would be for his work on the economy which in fairness was a massive improvment from what he took over . 
   korwin that 's one guy man , hardly a fair representative of all libertarians who are by definition for the individual . 
  i would imagine one ca n't be a libertarian and take away rights of an individual it sort of goes against the whole ideology . 
   my guess is that there were hillforts there , since it 's on the border of two counties which could have been at war with eachother in ancient and medieval times , and they have since deteriorated . 
  you would be surprised how steep it really is , and it 's far enough away from the road which i would assume is just built over old roads from the clann times , i ca n't remember which clann had power over this part of the country but seeing how it was close to the border with ulster i would assume at some point it had some sort of purpose . 
   but let 's at least be consistent in our application of these norms . 
  oh you would be surprised how insane you sound to some people . 
  the queen has a decent amount of power if she wanted to she could do a varity of things like dissolve parliament . 
   no wonder libertarians jerk off to switzerland . 
  that 's a bit confusing are you saying that libertarians jerk off over switzerland because they did n't give women voting rights or because they were against the federal government ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  yeah okay turkey will invade the balkans again going through two eu countries and nobody will even blink yeah total sense . 
  joining the war on the allies side would have been suicide and would have definitely killed a lot of swedish people , they would n't have made a single bit of difference and would have just been steamrolled like denmark , norway , poland and france , they did the smart thing i would have done the same . 
  you are living in a fanstasy land my friend . 
   we do that ourselves ( rightly so ) rightly so ? 
  you self hate because your government was put into an impossible position and made the smart choice to save its own people ? 
  that is insane . 
   hard to tell . 
  no it 's not , turkey is bordered by two eu member states , how exactly are they going to get passed that ? 
   there is not way out for the balkans to escape the political pressure that obviously will be put on them . 
  or what ? 
  what is turkey going to do ? 
  if you believe the balkans will fall under turkish control in the forseeable future you are to put it nicely very simple . 
  no they should n't there is no way in gods earth that turkey will be invading the balkans any time in the forseeable future , this is n't medieval europe i would hope the eu and un would see problems with their member states being fucking invaded . 
  lol you got proved wrong then changed the subject . 
   does n't change the fact that your currency and whole welfare state is thanks to your cooperation with the nazi 's and horrible dictators and warlords . 
  what the fuck did you want them to do ? 
  `` yeah we 'll just go to war with nazi germany who just dismantled france and poland '' i suppose you hate sweden as well for supplying them with iron during the war ? 
  well i can just tell that this thread will be filled with different opinions that will all be accepted and one side wo n't be downvoted to the very bottom for no reason . 
  how did it come to this ? 
  how did it come to people posting about a persons body language ? 
  in fairness there is left wing people then there are / r/latestagecapitalism people which has a weird amount of followers on reddit, 
  a massive majority of ireland does n't want an eu army , we hardly have our own . 
   but fortunately you only represent a very tiny minority on your island . 
  really ? 
  a german telling me what the irish think ? 
  are you serious ? 
   in 2007 france and germany decided not to support the invitation of georgia to nato not to provoke russia . 
   in 2008 russia invaded georgia and basically grabbed two `` separatist '' regions as it did in transnistria and ukraine so you 're saying nato is enough of a deterrant on its own ? 
   just because you 're on some backwater island somewhere does n't mean people in other regions do n't feel threatened . 
  i 'm sure the uk never bullied you either and you always had such good relations as you have now . 
  not relevant in any way . 
  i honestly believe a lot of this place is borderline insane , i have never seen a group of people like the really pro-europe group here so obsessed with the reaction of the other side , complaining about said reaction ( or action over something ) and then talk absolute bollocks in such a smug way , then if anyone dare disagree with them it goes straigh to `` fucking / r/the _ drumpf is fucking raiding this place '' they will then accuse others of living in a fanstasy land while thinking everybody will happily jump into a single european state , speaking of which nationalism is horrible except scottish nationalism because reasons , and they are very smart and mature as seen with 3 seperate `` le funny lord buckethead xd '' threads . 
   that does n't mean that in the future it will be like this or that we can just do nothing and think everything will be like it is today . 
  that is fear mongering `` everybody give us troops because at some point in the future somebody may be able to to threaten europe '', 
   if there was an attack of an eu country by who ? 
  who would be that stupid as to attack europe ? 
  seriously think for a second and think of a single threat that has that much power that it would be able to sweep the eu aside and british and american help ? 
  it does n't exist , there is nobody on this earth that holds that power, 
  not really since most of the country never seen the money , also that 's a fucking terrible point `` we gave you money now give us your sons '' you can fuck right off . 
  well if you read the article you would see it was one fucking mep  on thursday , an attempt by the conservative mep julie girling to block the full ban will be voted on by the european parliament 's environment committee not all of the tories , because as usual the guardian is lying because it 's a tabloid dressed up like a broadsheet . 
  https://philebersole.files.wordpress.com/2011/06/27602.gif wow look all those easy targets for big bad russia to invade , we surely need an eu army  says a guy from the country literally the furthest away from any potential outside enemy true . 
  so why should an irishman die against his will for another country in the absolute miniscule chance that russia decides to attack a nato country ? 
   we need to be able to defend ourselves from what mr juncker ? 
  from a russia that does n't have the economy to keep a war going for any serious length of time ? 
  there is no need for an eu army , this is just another way for it to become more centralized , europe is n't under threat from anywhere , oh well nick clegg said it was just a `` dangerous fantasy '' looks like farage was right . 
  right so friendo . 
  over the queen wearing a hat ? 
  ca n't say i am , very fucking confused to the massive wank circle over it i will say . 
  a circle is n't the same as an upside down pyramid without a tip . 
   i know someone , somewhere on this island . 
  a hard brexiter just became a staunch republican too . 
  because the queens hat has the same two colours as the eu flag ? 
  this is rare as fuck to be honest . 
   women are surprisingly empowered in iran , at least when compared to saudi arabia . 
  stephan hawking is very active , at least when compared to a dead person . 
  `` i seem to see ` the river tiber foaming with much blood . ' '', 
   she managed to trigger hardline brexiters !, 
  there is n't a single comment here that shows anything near triggering what are you on about ? 
   venezuela ahh venezuela the latest victim of the socialism meme . 
  i wonder did chavez realise that giving the poor a fuck load of money due to oil prices splurging up would eventually fall apart once the price went down and create a massive dependence on the state . 
   you think it would be better with johnson or farage ? 
  maybe cameron ? 
  i will never understand the attitude of `` every politician i do n't like is stupid , those fuckers are smart , far smarter than you give them credit for .
