  it was quite cut and dry , the only people who should make laws for the irish people is the irish government . 
   the ability for the irish to vote on what treaties the country enters into and have their concerns heard and addressed seems to go well with that . 
  we did n't give the right answer the first time around so they threw it at us again , and they would have kept doing that until we gave them the right answer . 
  no i 'm not , i understand what those men were fighting for and it sure as fuck was n't that . 
  and if you are n't irish you should n't why should the choice of an irishman effect a man in say austria ? 
   the `` people who fought in the war of independence '' would have been delighted to see democracy work so well in ireland . 
  as i said , pearse and collins did not die for the irish people to sheepishly vote yes on a referendum not created by the irish government , they died for the irish to rule themselves and only by themselves . 
   they could have simply refused to do it ... yeah but to what reaction from europe ? 
  not a friendly one . 
   its not like after the first vote they listened to irish concerns and then amended it or anything . 
  we voted against it and that was that , that is what the people of ireland said , the second result came because we knew it would just keep being thrown at us , we had no leverage , if we kept voting no i would n't expect the fatherland to be very kind to us , and as i said , the people who fought in the war of independence , the people who martyred themselves in the doomed 1916 rising , they did n't die for us to sheepishly vote yes on a referendum that the irish government did not create . 
   they lost their sovereignty !, 
  ! 111 the eu forced the lisbon treaty vote on use twice because they did n't get the answer they wanted the first time around , if michael collins knew that he died so ireland could be held at knifepoint by another foreign government he would turn in his grave . 
   it 's time for the eu to start an independent news broadcaster . 
  yeah that sounds amazing ca n't see anything wrong here , i 'm sure no biased reporting can possibly come from such a thing . 
  nationalism is the best thing to come out of the napoleonic wars along with the concert of europe . 
   sinn fein are not even in power and their fanboys are already trying to rewrite history . 
  what ? 
  first of all i 'm not left wing so i do n't vote sinn fein , second of all nationalism inspired by the gaelic revival and the leaders of 1916 are what spurred us on going into the war of independence , wanting a free irish republic is what people fought for nothing else . 
   the easiest way to rob the people you 're supposed to govern is to wave the national flag with one hand , while the other rifles through their pockets . 
  the best thiefs i think the world has seen usually hide behind the flag of socialism and communism , so much to the point even today it 's socially acceptable to say you 're a communist , people like castro , mao and stalin never got what they had coming to them while the people who wave the nationalist flag are usually compared with hitler . 
  what does that even mean ? 
   nationalists always cause damage to their own nation . 
  nationalism is the reason my country exists , if it was n't for nationalism all the old empires would still be around , it was nationalism that killed austro-hungary , it was nationalism that created germany , nationalism makes it far harder for foreign countries to control other countries . 
  can i have more buzzwords please ? 
  the 18-24 bracket would be in the demographic who have the best turnout now though . 
  it was more more stable than it was now , so was libya and so was iraq . 
  that 's exactly what you want a fucking countdown quiz to find a criminal suspect, 
   `` democratic triumph over their evil colonial english oppressors '' once you realise most people here are teenagers who think in politics there is a black/white divide of good guys ( anything to the left ) and bad guys ( anything to the right ) then it becomes much more clear . 
  that is insane . 
   same reason they were n't allowed publish photos of the suspect in germany despite there being a warrant out for his arrest . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  what the hell is the reasoning behind this ? 
  lisbon was forced on us again after we rejected it , that is something the eu did , that is borderline fascism and i want no part of anything that can do that to an independant nation . 
  funny how it was the tories pushing for europe in the 70s and labour was against it , now it 's flipped around , i wonder how many people who were against joining in the 70s want to stay in it now . 
   was the country saved by her ordering the defenceless 40-year old general belgrano sunk outside of the british exclusion zone and her crew denied assistance , with 300 + dying ? 
  they should n't have fucking invaded the falklands then . 
  they should n't it 's just stupid , nobody would care , it 's not the current governments fault that cromwell butchered us  white americans are expected to apologize for slavery this is just retarded only like 2 % of people owned slaves in america . 
   canada apologizing to its natives `` sorry for taking your land , we wo n't give it back , but sorry anyway '' that 's insulting more than anything . 
  unless you have went through what the russians did to the georgians then you ca n't possibly be rational . 
  i never said it was right , i said it 's understandable , how many georgians were killed by the russians during the invasion ? 
  during the soviet era ? 
  the land they see as theirs still under russian control ? 
  it 's very understandable . 
   the brits should apologize for their crimes why should they apologize for the sins of their fathers ? 
  i agree 100 % they were pure butchers that are painted as plucky little heroes but an apology for things that happened where nobody is alive that can remember it is useless , bloody sunday made sense , siege of drogheda does n't, 
  i expect nothing and want nothing off the brits for those , it was under a different government in a different time , we more than likely would have done shorrible things if we were in a position of power . 
  georgia has a lot of reason to hate the russians to the point you ca n't blame them for acting that way . 
  the tsar was though , and his word was final , if he did n't want war he would n't have mobilized his troops on the austrian border for one . 
   the same way shooting of franz ferdinand was n't the cause of wwi this wo n't be the cause for another war . 
  it was more countries follwing the alliences than anything else that caused ww1 though , it was never meant to happen , the russians , the tsar at least was up for war , wilhelm tried to prevent it by talking to nicholas but it was too late , moltke already had the ears of the austrians before holweg could tell them to not mobilize , france was having nothing to do with staying neutral if russia was to get involved , it was just fuck up and fuck up in those 37 days after the assassination , even if austria just did what wilhelm wanted and just attack quickly and end the war before russia knew what happened i doubt a full scale war would have happened . 
  it 's funny how the people you disagree with are always the idiots . 
   my claim was that a disturbingly large portion of the us population are indifferent to nazis . 
   and it is from personally seeing white supremacists go unchallenged repeatedly while making racist threats and expressing support for nazi ideals in general , and of hitler 's actions specifically . 
  never mind man , you live in your dreamland i actually ca n't be fucked getting into this . 
  i think it 's stupid as well , i 'm a believer in that only people can give words power , if you do n't give it power it means nothing , you ca n't hurt someone with a word , but unfortunately all people do n't think like me . 
  i asked you what did you base your claim on and you said kentucky because you lived there , you have no proof , it 's a stupid claim . 
  i never said it was right but it 's to be expected , doing nazi salutes in germany is fucking retarded . 
  okay so you 're saying the majority of people in kentucky do n't mind nazi salutes ? 
  by that i 'll assume you mean neo-nazism ? 
   do you think this makes you look like a good person ? 
  never said that at all , it 's to be expected though , if you to fucking germany and start doing nazi salutes you need to realise people will be angry and will do something about it , it 's common sense . 
   my point was that a disturbingly large portion of the american populous seems to have no problems with nazi salutes . 
  where did you get this from lol ? 
  you seem like a stable human being . 
  that 's the usual attack on trump supporters so i just used it as an example . 
  just because somebody does n't agree with you does n't mean they are evil nazis , get some perspective , i 've also gotten about 30 angry messages since i watched the football lol . 
  they had every right to beat the fuck out of him for acting like a prick, 
  if you say something fucking stupid and get battered that 's your own fault . 
  free speech does n't mean there is no consequences . 
  unless the neo-nazis in america and this guy are related in someway it is 100 % irrelevant . 
   we kind of deserve it for electing him . 
  oh my god i hate this shit so much , trump was elected for a reason , people did n't just vote for him because they 're `` racist rednecks '' the people who voted for obama in 2008/2012 are the people who voted for trump , he promised them jobs , he promised to look after them and to stop illegal immigration , but people who get angry over this do n't experience what they are going through , they do n't know what fucking messes places like the rust belt are because they live in the suburbs and do n't have a clue . 
  what did obama actually do ? 
  he raised the debt more than any president before , he was bombing something like 7/8 countries and then got the nobel prize , his obamacare was a disaster and left a lot of states with only one insurence company with a monopoly and went into libya getting rid of gaddaffi leaving libya now a total fucking shithole , he was n't some magical being placed on earth by god . 
  that was obvious , did n't need sherlock holmes to figure that out . 
   it 's their political landscape that pisses me right off . 
  very irrelevant to bring up in a thread about a drunk guy making a nazi salute in germany . 
   some wow you 're so nice . 
  i have a feeling you do n't particularly like americans . 
  the old morbid curiosity . 
   considering that it was written as a victory march for the fall of paris in 1871 frances fault to be honest , if they did n't want to hear it they should n't have been fucking stomped . 
  do n't know what he expected to be honest . 
   sub-irish they 're sub something alright . 
  germany seems a bit low on accepting jews :\\ ^ ), 
  pepe 's been about for years man , he 's only been the news recently because hillary went insane and started calling it a white power symbol . 
  in a white continenent ? 
  i 've said it once and i 'll say it again , it 's always the ones with the eu flair . 
  collecting them neetbucks . 
  nothing will happen , nobody is that stupid to actually use nuclear weapons . 
  you literally said `` it only can take freedom away . '', 
  the ira used the gun to get the irish freedom , you are wrong and big hippie at the same time . 
   they basically have a 2 party system thanks to the fptp system that keeps independents out . 
  i did n't say the voting system , i specifically said party variety earlier on , the libdems , tories and labour are all very different parties , we do n't have that , we have two centrist parties that have so little difference in them and a socialist party that ca n't get its priorities right , that 's basically it . 
   they might not have actual independents but they have backbenchers in the two main parties that function the same way and are responsible for brexit . 
  the people voted for brexit . 
   also currently they have the `` money grabbing '' dup propping up the tories . 
  the dup are an actual party though , how many independents once they get into fianna fail or fine gael hardball those two like the dup did ? 
   it only can take freedom away . 
  i remember the ira using harshly worded letters to get the brits out .
