   saying `` i have history on my side '' is an argument ? 
  really ? 
  what book should i crack open to read it ? 
  what sources ? 
  you lot and the brits guaranteed poland and did nothing , you watched has hitler dismanelted versailles piece by piece and did nothing , even though mein kampf fucking lines out exactly what hitler wanted they let him chip away until it was too late . 
   it might surprise you but people during different times consider different choices the smart/correct ones . 
  they guaranteed poland , they did n't do anything about it , they watched as hitler took all of czechoslovakia and did nothing , they let him build up momentum . 
  they and france guaranteed poland , neither of them did anything when the time came for action . 
   then you 'll complain how the versailles was too rough on the germans ? 
  rhineland was german territory , was it not ? 
  it was you lot who wanted a tough treaty . 
   i fail to see how that is relevant . 
  did germany beat france and uk because of the sudeten ? 
  you literally let hitler take an independent country after he said the sudetenland was the last thing he wanted . 
   here 's a fun game : post your comment on / r/askhistorians . 
  let 's see it shot down . 
  not an argument . 
  yes or no , did you lot let hitler get away with retaking the rhineland ? 
  yes or no , did you lot let hitler take czechoslovakia ? 
  yes or no , did you guarantee poland then do fuck all about it ? 
  i literally have history on my side here , you have snarky quips . 
   but hey , this is / r/europe and everyone 's an expert here . 
  you lot and the brits let hitler get away with everything , you let the rhineland be retaken , you let all of czechoslovakia be taken and sat there and did fuck all , then you both guaranteed poland and did fuck all . 
  '' ... in the event of any action which clearly threatened polish independence , and which the polish government accordingly considered it vital to resist with their national forces , his majesty 's government would feel themselves bound at once to lend the polish government all support in their power . 
  they have given the polish government an assurance to this effect . 
  i may add that the french government have authorised me to make it plain that they stand in the same position in this matter as do his majesty 's government '', 
  people in ireland just fucking cream themselves if they are mentioned in anyway at all in popular culture which annoys me to no end . 
  everybody hates the government and thinks it ca n't do anything right , then wants said government to be in complete control of most things in the country . 
  you lot would have been fine if france had invaded germany instead of just sitting there and going `` do n't worry poland we 'll help eventually '' hitler despised you lot , when you were conquered he said `` never again will an independent poland exist '' or along those lines . 
  i was saying that charity/volunteerism is a big part of capitalism . 
  volunteerism/charity is a massive part of capitalism actually , a lot of people see it more effective than social benefits and the like . 
  the fact that anarchists actually exist today is amazing , it really takes effort to be that stupid . 
  you are specialist . 
  do you know what edgy means ? 
  why would i give a fuck if you can see my post history ? 
  i do n't give a fuck not really relevant to anything . 
   everybody who disagrees with me is a troll t. spanner, 
   your own nationalism and pride be-damned . 
  coming from an irish man , good god . 
   you 're connected by being 15th cousins and sharing a delusion with historical figures . 
  4 millions of people are n't a community on their own . 
  jesus christ you 're like one of those 14 year olds that discovered nietzsche and now act like nothing means anything, 
   but the `` irish nation '' is n't . 
  it 's called ireland . 
   there 's a bunch of people living in ireland who think they 're mystically connected , and some goes for other countries history and genes are now classed as `` mystical '' wow i 'm always amazed by the insanity i find here every day . 
  ireland is real , `` muh federal europe '' is n't, 
  fucking hell , this sub is just full of fucking weirdos living in some fanfiction world . 
  it 's always the ones with the eu flags . 
  willy was n't that bad , he was erratic at worst , he never wanted a massive scale war in europe , he just wanted a quick clean austrian victory over serbia for revenge and leave it at that , it 's when other people get involved shit goes nuts , he 's even noted to have said `` gentlemen you will regret this '' when his generals made him sign the document to allow mobalization . 
  nothing wrong with shelling dublin and that 's from a mick , the anti-treaty ira were threatening irelands republic ironically enough and the free-state looking at the bigger picture had to get them out to show that we could govern ourselves . 
  do people actually believe he 's a russian puppet ? 
   who began wrong . 
   what 's progressive about having an unwanted child ? 
  that baby has no choice whether or not it lives or dies , who are you to decide that it dies ? 
   or allowing a mother to suffer pnd for something they did n't want ? 
  killing a child is worse than pnd ( which is rare by the way only 10-15 % of women suffer from it )  how about the progressive benefits of an unwanted child going through an abused childhood due to being unwanted ? 
  who the fuck says it will be abused ? 
  who the fuck says they have to keep the child ? 
  does adoption not exist ? 
  does accepting responsibility not exist ? 
   abortion is a basic human right i would say protecting the right of the most innocent among us is far more important . 
  that makes up an absolute minuscule amount of abortions it is not common at all . 
  it is not , killing an unborn child because of a convenience issue is just horrible , i have no problem if the child is already dead , will die , or the mothers life is in danger , that is just a no win situation , but the idea that you could have a one-night stand , not use protection , then later on find out you are pregnant and can just kill the child is barbaric , it 's not progressive , it 's not protecting the rights of the woman , it is the murder of a child . 
  do you actually believe that ? 
   i 'd gladly take some terrorists if it meant not having to worry about the safety of my girlfriend when she 's returning from work late at night maybe it 's because it 's early or maybe this just does n't make sense . 
   yeah , nevermind that these `` debts '' were bogus to begin with , and people demanding fantasy money from us was the direct cause for a series of events that cumulated in ww2 to begin with ( and did not stop us from waging war on virtually all the world for five years ) . 
  i guess the world just had learned it 's lesson . 
  you were paying back the money fine until the wall street crash , hitler was n't making any ground until unemployment rose . 
   we did not get our `` debts cleared '' , we just got an extension until there is a formal peace treaty ... which will happen never . 
  `` which will happen never . '', 
  so you got them cleared ? 
   also : the uk got around three times the funds from the marshall plan than we did , so ... britain had a global empire to fix , west germany had west germany . 
   so you ca n't just say ` the catalonians are spanish - they 're in their own country ! ', 
  if you 're not equally willing to say that the irish were british and were wrong to start a civil war for independence . 
  it 's hypocritical . 
  no it 's not , it is absolutely nothing like ireland at all , we never joined willingly , we never had the same right as the english until the 19th century or in the case of northern ireland the late 20th century , britain never flooded our country with money compared to other regions in england itself , we did n't have any autonomy until grattans parliament and that was taken away in 1801 , we had two completely different cultures and languages that were n't connected whatsoever . 
   so whatever they do seems to be working . 
  be left wing . 
  you got all your debt cleared though because west germany was needed to be running at full capacity , you would n't have been well off if it was n't for a start . 
  not really , we are n't from the island of britain . 
  do n't blame me if you do n't know how it worked . 
  which united the two kingdoms into one . 
  the king of aragon willingly tied his country to that of castille , there was no conquest . 
   i would support the catalonians declaring their independence and ridding their country of foreign interference . 
   foreign interference they are spanish you clown . 
  start a war against the hand that feeds you ? 
  against a government that has done nothing at all like what the brits did to us ? 
  mate that 's insanity . 
  so if i remember the details correctly , within 2 days of a referendum not recognized by the spanish government being a `` yes '' win , catalonia will declare independence . 
  yeah okay spain will totally recognize that . 
  this is / r/europe he can most definitely be this stupid . 
   placing around 700 soldiers at the border is a miltary threat yeah you 're right i mean if you look at the signs we should n't be shocked that austria is currently in the process of the most quiet sabre rattling in history . 
  i really find it uncomfortable to know people like you exist and are so blind to what is happening . 
   but antifa are fine despite destroying stuff . 
  oh my god please read about those nutjobs they are fucking insane , they even attacked an innocent man in ireland on the bus because they disagreed with what he said , they are fucking pricks . 
  up next book burnings !, 
  wow what a free society !, 
  labours policies in the 70s were socialist , but that 's okay because you do n't even believe in that , it 's not `` real socialism '' . 
  real socialism being what exactly ? 
  i have a few examples , communist china , ussr , vietnam , all failures of course , yet people still fall for the socialism meme .
