they would n't have had to reform if the catholics were treatedlike people though . 
  to be honest it 's easier than english to learn , it 's all very direct in terms of phrasing and what not . 
   \u00a8 they \u00a8 what was the point for this . 
  i hate all those condescending terms , they are n't children , they are n't stupid , i 'll call them black , they 'll call me white , that 's all it needs to be , nothing else . 
  i still say black people , so i must be pure scum . 
  let 's not forget you look cool as fuck when you smoke . 
   well there used to be this one group of catholics well done you managed to turn a civil war into a religious conflict . 
  out of context this sounds hilarious . 
  i forgot christians regularly go out and shoot up places . 
  sick thing is , it 's the same god . 
  fucking deadly football source . 
  ireland does n't have or need an army , we have our defense force and some go to peacekeeping missions , we 've seen enough bloodshed over the last 800 years and there is no way in hell we will agree to this . 
  really hitler lied !? 
  are you serious !, 
  nope , nope nope , no more centralization . 
   you have an irish flag  i 'm speaking about northern ireland . 
  hmmm . 
   also , you do care about england . 
  you 're obsessed with england . 
  how ironic , all unionists do is suck englands cock . 
   yup , i am of course the guy `` pretending to know about stuff '' you are , you have n't a clue about northern ireland in the slightest and have n't shown that you have any knowledge of anything that happened in the north , you had major unionist paramilitary groups that were allowed to operate , you had biased troops , you had fucking vigilantes , and every step for peace , sunningdale , anglo-irish agreement , every single one of them were stopped by unionists , they did a hell of a lot worse than the ira has ever done and they had the backing from the government . 
   what the ira did was extremely wrong why are you acting like this is unique ? 
  `` oh the big bad ira they killed civilians '' when you have a much worse combatant in britain , they could have prevented the whole thing but did they ? 
  no they ignored the human right violations and when they finally fought back they had the audacity to act the innocent , that 's what 's annoying , it 's revisionism the whole way down , unionists are the ones that brought the gun back into irish politics , unionists are the ones that started the troubles and unionists are the reason so many young irish men joined the ira in the first place making it relevant again in the first place , if they treated catholics like people none of that shit would have happened . 
  why are you pretending you know about stuff you have n't a clue about ? 
  if i went out with my friends and said we were the ira , would that make us the ira ? 
  no it would n't because the ira was and always will be reactionary , the only time it will appear is when the public wants it to appear . 
   is the ira a terrorist organisation in your mind , or not ? 
  everything active after 94 are `` terrorists '' reality is they have no power at all , basically street gangs . 
   there were no good guys there was one massive bad guy though who could have prevented it from even happening . 
  you 're fucking stupid then , the uvf started the whole thing in the 60s , the ira was nothing until the early 70s , but of course you know fuck all about northern ireland but you 'll pretend you do . 
  the ira has various splinter groups since the pira split in the 70s , some more radical than the others , they are n't the ira that were the late 60s early 70s even up the 80s , the ira represent nothing because the actual leaders agreed to the ceasefire in 94 and even as far back as sunningdale , it 's like comparing pro and anti treaty ira you ca n't do it , yet people bring up `` the ira '' like it 's just one group , they acted independently the chain of command was n't as tight , they were nothing like isis in the fucking slightest yet comparisons are made all the time . 
   pretty much any terrorist organisation had some initial justification . 
  they were n't fucking terrorists until later though , they had a just cause to fight the brits and the real violence was a retaliation to british cruelty , if the ira kicked the brits out of the north nothing would be said because they would be on the right side of hostory , but instead i have to keep reading ill-informed shite about the ira whenever a terrorist attack is brought up . 
   were not angels were n't angles ? 
  they fucking sided with the unionists , they blatantly showed special treatment to the protestant population of northern ireland , they were supposed to peacekeepers , they were supposed to be neutral but they made it worse , they are the reason the ira became more hate fuelled in the 70s and 80s , bloody sunday alone sent hundreds of young lads filled with fucking hate and fear to the ira . 
   but are you really trying to defend an organisation that bombed civilians in crowded streets , outside pups , outside barracks . 
  you do n't have to condone the conduct of the british military to condemn the ira . 
  they would n't even have appeared if catholics were treated like fucking people , catholics had their votes taken away , elections gerrymandered , the apprentice boys of derry knowingly hurt their own fucking city by forcing o'neill to move the new college to colraine in case catholics got education and or jobs , the prime minister of ni brookborough if i remember correctly said `` i would n't hire a catholic to do my garden '' these were people in their own fucking country treated like dogs , the ira became prominent because of the fucking nazi germany like treatment to catholics , the fucking b-specials , vigilantes who would roam the streets and beat catholics were fucking funded by the government for fuck sake . 
  the british army willingly opened fire on innocents killing many people , some barely into their teens then covered it up for 30 years , do n't act like the ira started the attacks  if you support the ira , you support the use of terrorism . 
  you know fucking nothing of ireland or the ira you think you do but you do n't like 99 % of retards who post about them . 
  stop comparing them to the ira , the ira was reactionary to the abuse of the brits , fucking stop comparing them . 
  yes , but i ca n't be bothered . 
  no political view was being pushed , he said what we were all thinking , nobody was shocked , nobody seen that he was afghani and went `` wow that 's a surprise ! '', 
  i ca n't hear you over all my independence . 
  michael collins , the man willingly signed his own fucking death warrant for ireland . 
  the damage control is actually surreal to see . 
  what 's right wing about not being shocked about the background of the attacker ? 
  we all knew once we heard about it . 
  no agenda pushing do n't even pretend you were n't 99.999 % sure what the background of the attacker was . 
  ahh ahh ahh i think you 'll find mr wellesley is a jackeen . 
  for comedy reasons i hope you 're from catalonia . 
  never said that or implied that at all , what done is done no amount of `` in our thoughts '' comments will fix the fact that someone boarded a train and tried to go full woodsmen . 
  completely different situations . 
  a page full of empathy is n't going to make it go away . 
  where did i say i wanted a wall built ? 
  the walls in israel have been a great success . 
  the nazis are an amazing group , they are human nature on a massive scale , they truly thought they were saving germany and that state of mind , it 's almost sort of admirable in a morbid sort of way . 
  show trials 2 : turkish boogaloo . 
  ww1 was worse , it was a totally pointless war that was destined to happen at one stage or another where 19th century politics met 20th century warfare , ww2 had a goal of saving europe at least , ww1 destroyed and was the cause for nearly everything fucked today , no ww1 means no ww2 no decolonization , no fucking warzones in the middle east with britain able to keep shit under control , no power vacuums to tear countries apart , a much better world really . 
  just want to chip in , the ira where fighting the british army , ruc , b-specials and other paramilitary groups , you have to take that into account if you want to be fair, 
  yeah the soviet union for example had no religion , that worked well . 
  the eu has caused its own problems , turning trade agreements into a state is dodgy as fuck to begin with . 
  it 's amazing the mental gymnastics people do to defend people who will happily murder children . 
   that is precisely why there was an attack in sweden . 
  right so you 're blaming the west for the attack in stockholm ? 
   this shit happened because of the us and allies deciding to invade iraq after 9/11 and totally destabilise the whole region . 
  yes that 's why there was an attack in sweden !, 
  when are we just going to call a spade a spade and admit these fuckers are attacking the west because we are infidels in their eyes ? 
   they benefitted from the empire just like scotland and wales did . 
  hahahahahaha, 
   what is that ? 
  your little state . 
  you remain uninvaded and not in war either by being in a geographic nightmare to invade or by maintaining a fucking huge military . 
  it has very little to do with national temperament or `` seeing enough wars '' . 
  it is though , it 's in the same vein as to why our police force are unarmed . 
  not really relevant to ireland though ? 
  socialist countries are typically defined by a fucked up economy though , venezuala , ussr , china until they opened their markets , vietnam , cuba , chile , the list goes on . 
  conservatism is n't the only ideology that uses free-market and capitalist economics . 
  also you do know why britains economy was in such a mess when thatcher took over ? 
  never said we did . 
   not because you are some peace loving hippies . 
  and the fact that ireland has seen enough war and frankly do n't want to see more , if it was up to me i would cut us off from fucking everything switzerland style , no eu , no nato , no defense treaties with anybody , absolute neutrality to the point that we will shoot you down if you fly a military aircraft over us and we are n't informed . 
  difference is socialism has a track record of fucking everything up because economics is apparently optional in a socialist world . 
  never trust a news source that was so shit it could n't stay a paper . 
  because they do n't exist and people are just annoyed the uk left the eu so they make up reason like `` muh empire '', 
  they are being openly abused by the muslims though as in right now , and no other party is offering anything near a solution , it 's quite cut and dry to be honest but you do n't want to try and make the connection . 
  right so let 's just lay this out , gays and jews are being openly abused by muslim immigrants , these parties are the only ones who are even pointing in the direction of slowing or even limiting immigration and stopping this extremism instead of burying their heads in the sand , so in turn the gays and jews vote for these parties and then you call them `` useful idiots '' for doing what is common sense . 
  right so . 
   currently gays are a great political prop against muslims so they are pretending to like them . 
  once they get what they want in regards to muslims they will throw the gays under the bus asap . 
  but it 's the gays themselves that are voting for them , it 's obvious that they have a problem with their treatment from muslims , the same as the jews . 
   vice might as well started posting buzzfeed lads , on the other hand if spain invaded gibraltar i would would absolutely be on the brits side . 
  it 's a `` people who acknowledge faults and stupidity in left wing governments are fascists '' episdoe, 
   when you go all the way to commies they 're are just about the most conservative people you can find conservatives at least know that communism is a fairytale and does n't work . 
   the link is that eastern european nationalists often portray western europe as a place of decadence where the traditional family has been eroded by liberal policies . 
  nothing to do with nationalism though , since western europe also has them . 
  there is no relation between the two though , irish nationalists for example were nearly all socialist . 
   drumpf i ca n't believe that there are people who non-ironically use this term, 
   they are just not vocal about it .
