  why though ? 
  think of this in 1939 eyes , why would ireland do that ? 
  18 years since the end of the irish-anglo war , and only a couple of years since the end of the economic war , we hated the brits more than the germans , why would we let britain use our ports and let ourselves be a target ? 
  what use would our ports be to the royal navy ? 
  the biggest ports we have capable of holding say a cruiser would have been at dublin and would we fuck let the brits use our capital as a hiding spot . 
  they gave the ports back by 1938 , them using our ports would n't have done anything beyond making them a target for the luftwaffe , that is a stupid thing to ask of ireland . 
   so was the uk please explain to me what ireland could have done , honestly i am very willing to listen to a scotsman lecture an irishman on how they did n't fight the nazis . 
   unless you were irish 40,000 men badly equipped no airforce no navy `` just as guilty '' jesus christ . 
  replied to me and deleted your comment but here 's my reply anyway the treaty ports did n't exist by the time war broke out , they were handed back to ireland , why would we let the brits use our ports and let them become targets for the luftwaffe for no gain at all ? 
  they would n't have helped in the slightest . 
  so the same way communists get power using `` everyone will be free and equal '', 
   how else to disenfranchise blacks ? 
  lol are you saying that blacks are inheritably criminals ? 
  emigration is n't the same as fucking floating to florida on a raft . 
   professor leman , who describes himself as `` tribal labour '' in blogs , added that portraits lining the main entrance are `` almost entirely white middle-aged men '' and will be replaced with a `` wall of diversity '' . 
  this is so fucking sad . 
  if castro was so good why did people try to escape en-mass for for decades ? 
  never seen that happen in ireland , or france or britain or denmark or sweden or etc etc. 
  and they are all capitalist , every socialist country though seems to have people wanting to escape for some ** strange ** reason . 
  relative to most people castro was an evil dictator , which funnily enough he was . 
  i 'm trying to get my point across while being very careful as to not get 25 messages describing how much i 'm a imperialist murdering cunt . 
  those lands that you would conquer before hand , we could go back and forth until we reach the dawn of man but what happened in 980-1450 is not relevant when talking about modern times , a great deal of people in those regions were german and were happy being german until they were pushed out . 
  what was the point for it then ? 
   that stoled territories from poland like gda\u0144sk and pomeralia ? 
  yeah totally legit . 
  about as legit as when poland stole them . 
  those lands were then german for many hundreds of years until the german people were driven out after ww2, 
  i agree with all of that due to obvious reasons but borders were fucking beautiful looking before ww1 and that is more important to me . 
  that 's the weakest argument for castro i 've heard yet . 
   and i personally think that ireland should be part of uk : ^ touche friendo . 
   but lands lost by germany after first world war were taken from poland during it 's partitions 1772-1795 . 
  i actually do n't have that much problem with those lands being returned , places like posen for example . 
  the lower half of east prussia i 'm a bit iffy due to things like demographics and the teutonic orders borders and whatnot . 
  personally i think you should be split between germany and russia :\\ ^ ) seriously though i do n't like at all the land you got from ww1 and ww2 from the germans , especially parts like silesia , pomerania and east prussia , especially the latter seeing how it is the homeland of the germans on a way . 
  guinness is nice ya spud , bit heavy but tasty . 
  venice has always had a strong identity , they had a very long history of being a decent power in the med be it on land or on sea . 
  also a country that to be honest has land it really should n't have . 
  sinn fein is also very open at praising castro , a joke considering how even with communism and `` everybody being equal '' he still ended up being very rich while thousands tried to sail to america on rafts . 
  the man was a prick . 
  actual neutrality at work . 
  oh you posted that in the wrong sub friendo , you 'll probably be swarmed in a few minutes by very condescending and smug men who know better than you . 
  there 's a joke about eunuchs and turks here somewhere . 
  ahh i can imagine powell looking down and wondering why nobody fucking listened to him . 
  nothing wrong with that , having a head of state like a king in a constitutional monarchy is good , gives people someone to look up to and take pride in , like george vi in ww2 . 
   it 's like being right-wing but without being racist or homophobic do people actually believe being right wing means racism ? 
  truth hurts . 
   zimbabwe oh god i 'm angry and sad already . 
   also let 's not forget that not all cultures are compatible . 
  europe needs to work on self-protection to preserve it 's culture and way of life . 
  you know what 's really strange , that is very understandable and not at all racist or wrong , but it feels like it is , and i would n't mention it loud to people around me , how the fuck did that attitude of `` we should n't protect our way of life '' come into our society so strongly it 's a stigma to mention it ? 
  used to be those high birth rates would go down as education and life expectancy go up , but since the west basically spoon feeds africa they still have 5/6 kids that live longer but that means more foreign aid etc etc. 
   yes , but britain was snubbed by france when france chose to ally russia , which meant that two of britain 's ancient enemies had now gotten in bed with eachother . 
  britain did n't give a fuck as long as germany was contained and france and russia did n't fuck around near the colonies , yes at the time britain was closer to germany but that changing due to wilhelm ii and the fact not a lot of his family actually liked him . 
   without ww1 the british army would have likely crushed the irish rebellion in brutal fashion and you 'd still be a colony of the empire . 
  not really , 1916 was during the war and got crushed , which in fairness everybody knew would happen , we won via guerrilla war , the brits sent over hardened ww1 veterans who really did n't give a fuck , we won because they got tired first , it took from 1919-1921 but it happened . 
   obviously oppressing poland , annexing bits of france , and worshipping war is pretty bad ; now in fairness poland was n't exactly innocent itself , it was once a massive power that invaded a lot of countries itself , and france pushed into german land which the germans reclaimed . 
   britain was enemies to france ( napoleonic wars ) and russia ( the great game ) . 
  britain should have allied germany , that would have made more sense as we were culturally and diplomatically closer to the germans umm what ? 
  britain had been friendly with france since before the crimean war and without a shadow of a doubt after the franco-prussian war , as for russia they became closer with them due to asian interests , they did n't really llike eachother no but they were cooperative and the royals got on better than with willy . 
  britain would never have been primary allies with germany anyway because it was also in their interest to support the second strongest continental power , be it austria during napoleons time or france post 1871 , they were n't hostile by any means but they would never have let them expand anywhere without getting involved , allying germany is not in any way in the interest of britain at any point . 
   you can argue that the french should have stayed out of the war do n't think you can , russia was their ally on the continent , you either fight with them or let germany pick you both off seperately . 
   ww i was more a shared blame by all great powers not even that , lone wolfs and that little anarchist prick is what caused that fucking mess , war came so quickly because of so little people . 
   nationalism sadly it 's not gone . 
  fuck off with this , nationalism is one of the greatest things that has every been seen in our time . 
   never again germany kind of stupid knowing that it was the absolute monster that was the prussian military that built germany , also sickens me that they still blame themselves , it was n't them they should n't be ashamed , you do n't dwell on that shit you move past it , yes acknowledge it , but to hold it as a burden is stupid , germany has always been tied to its army and i think that should be something to take pride in , moltke the elder and fredrick the great being stand outs obviously . 
  all of which happened because of ww1 , not the balkan wars , but they did n't have the effect of ww1 at all . 
  what do you mean ? 
  the whole `` boris is stupid '' thing is amazing , especially how well it works , he 's a crafty bastard and very smart . 
  the belle \u00c9poque , what a time it would have been to live in , it also really sadly reminds you that ww1 is the worst thing that has ever happened in our modern history . 
  communism vs fascism , if only they both lost . 
   we literally ca n't imagine how africa would have turned out . 
  the zulus went to war with spears and bows against the brits who had breech loading rifles , it is very safe to assume they would n't have excelled at any great pace . 
  okay then explain to me how basically a volunteer army with no navy , aircraft or tanks are supposed to stop the german army ? 
  a country that still was n't anywhere near good economically and you wanted them to go to war against germany and then use irelands neutrality as way of reflecting the fact the brits and french left the poles to their fate ? 
  fucking great argument mate . 
   and ireland sat on its arse and did sod all to help right to the end . 
  we had an army of 40 thousand at it 's height , no tanks , no airforce and no protection from enemy aircraft and no navy , we also did n't guarantee poland and czechoslovakia , to try and compare france not doing anything and fucking ireland not doing something is beyond stupid . 
   apart from your leader signing a condolence book for hitler , after details of the holocaust emerged . 
  no point explaining this unless you know what type of man dev was , we also let british pilots escape over the border and gave weather warnings and updates to the allies , german pilots did not get freed and we certainly did n't give them weather updates , dev did that to show that we did not have to follow britain , it showed our independence , he was n't stupid . 
   it is a problematic statement to make ewwwww  why is africa fucked ? 
  french and british colonialism is a good place to start looking for answers ethiopia was never colonized and only taken by italy for a short period and it was nothing compared to europe at any stage . 
  holy fuck he 's straight forward is n't he ? 
  nice one . 
  i really worry for you if you actually think i 'm saying it directly towards him , you must be taking the piss . 
  poland would n't be independent until the fall of the soviet union , they failed in their intial task . 
   was based on ridiculous amounts of luck and a surprise element . 
  most of that `` luck '' was just knowing that the brits and french would do nothing though , hitler even thought they would let poland fall without a word . 
  oh jesus wept what is wrong with you people ? 
  it 's a phrase that is used in ireland and england a lot as far as i know , it basically means `` your people '' which it was , the french . 
  forgot the word `` not '', 
   do you think they purposefully lost ? 
  absolutely not . 
  do you not think that maybe not letting hitler break up versailles and then annexing a totally independent country would have averted all of it to begin with ? 
  it was chamberlin who let hitler do what he pleased until it was too late . 
   `` did fuck all '' ? 
  britain and france both declared war . 
  then sat about for 9 months . 
   again stop using `` you '' it 's beyond stupid . 
  it was n't / u/low _ discrepancy doing shit there . 
  jesus christ i was aiming towards the french , you have a french flair , it 's quicker than writing out `` the french '' every time .
