  how could you possibly know this if they are n't vocal about it ? 
   nationalists ... what the fuck does nationalism have to do with the rate of single parents ? 
  what exactly is the link here ? 
   i broke down crying when they cut the radio broadcast i was listening to to announce this had happened , as a mod , a frequent visitor of that area , and as someone who calls the nordics my home , because i knew there would be people on reddit treating this even as if it were their christmas morning you cried because of potential comments on reddit ? 
  some of you fuckers need to go outside . 
   the panic buying the day before just because of one day without alcohol people who did this are sad fucks who obviously have a drink problem . 
   the eu needs to enforce this at gun point . 
  t. adolf, 
  that 's okay mate you ignore what 's right in front of you for whatever reason you choose to , to have a moral highground i suppose . 
   do n't . 
  talk . 
  shit . 
  oooh you 're hard . 
  emotions are the most dangerous variable in politics , you should never ever act out of emotion . 
   we had a radical jihadist minister , who encouraged people to travel to the middle east to fight . 
  how the fuck was this even allowed ? 
  seriously enough what the actual fuck is wrong with your government ? 
  it 's like they 're naive children . 
   without one , the other two could n't have done anything yes they could , after kursk there was only one way the war in the east was going . 
   terrorist attacks have happened frequently in major western cities over the past couple of years . 
  why though ? 
   therefore they are a part of living in a big city in the current world we live in these days ( in contrast to times when this type of terrorism was n't as frequent ) . 
  of course it 's horrific and unacceptable but that does n't mean it is n't true . 
  not the point though , they should n't be happening at all . 
   the causes of terrorism are obviously more complex . 
  nah it 's quite simple , the se fuckers want to destroy the west and that is what they are trying to do . 
   these days the fuck do you mean by that ? 
  what causes this exactly ? 
   as sad as it is for me ; a ` european superstate ' is still a fantasy for now , one day hopefully but i imagine we 'll all be long gone before that ever happens get fucked , you ca n't just have god knows how many countries lumped into your `` superstate '' and expect them to be happy , ireland would never be part of such a thing and i 'm glad would n't be either , how can anyone be for that ? 
  are we forgetting of those communists on the eastern front ? 
  have to love the guardian telling people what 's good for them , the people of gibraltar were happy with what they had and that 's that  their stance has echoes of hardline unionists and loyalists in northern ireland , who for generations said `` never , never '' to sharing sovereignty with republicans and nationalists -- until they were finally persuaded it was actually in their own interests to do so . 
  very different fucking situations but it would be unfair to assume anybody at the guardian would even think about that . 
   southern irish anthem jesus wept . 
   appears to be some sort of anti-english , ira propaganda piece , which strikes me as very childish . 
  well you know honoring the men who gave their lives to have an independent country after hundreds of years of oppression seems fairly fucking logical . 
   this is was conservatism looks like . 
  the idea of `` it was better back in the days '' are just another way of saying that you 're afraid of the future . 
  ahh there it is the good old `` there is a black and white divide in politics ''  i hope it wo n't be too far gone when the poisonous old is gone for the current youth to move forward again . 
  `` i want old people to die because they do n't vote the same as me '' well done lad really showing how forward the left is , wishing death on people who dare use their votes to express their opinion . 
   independent wow i 'm sure this is totally accurate . 
   spanish navy goes into waters that are n't theirs  tells the uk to grow up what ? 
  daily reminder that corbyn thinks britain should give argentina shared control over the falklands even though argentina have never actually owned the islands in their history against the wishes of the islands population because reasons . 
  your source was yahoo news , your points did n't actually line up with what was in the article , you then say trump is a fascist because he did n't say he was n't a fascist , are you 12 years old ? 
   great , he 's still in the fascist corner . 
  i just want to point out that according to , because trump did n't deny being a fascist that makes him one , despite nobody actually asking him that . 
   if someone wants to discriminate an entire religion ( muslim ban ) if he was wanting to ban muslims why did n't he ban indonesia then ? 
  the country with the largest population of muslims ? 
  hardly a good sectarian is he if he forgot about that . 
   and calls for special identification for a religious group literal quote `` we 're going to have to -- we 're going to have to look at a lot of things very closely , '' wow look at that he did n't actually answer anything so that mean he 's for it , and seeing how he has n't done that your point makes no sense . 
   so unless you have trump marching at an antifa march , antifa being the people that dress in black and attack people in the street for political views ? 
  ahh the real anti-fascists . 
  mate i asked you first and you did n't answer , you 're talking shite, 
  explain straight up how trump is a fascist . 
  yeah the unionists , who are irish people in denial, 
  because catholics were treated as second class citizens , they were openly discriminated against for example the pm of northern ireland once said `` i would n't hire a catholic to do my garden '' they had basically no voting rights because of gerrymandering and laws such as needing to own a house to vote , but since the catholics could n't get jobs they could n't own a house , then you have the b-specials , lovely state funded vigilanties to would attack catholics and let the protestants get away with sometimes literal murder . 
  to be honest with you the ft is a top paper and deserves the money , always has top notch writing . 
   mostly because of religion and shit . 
  not really , mostly over the fact that the dup managed to scam the people of ni out of hundreds of millions and their leader wo n't fuck off meaning sinn fein basically have to sit and watch them punch themselves over and over . 
  nobody gives a fuck about ni apart from the irish to be honest and it 's been like that since the 60s , no change now . 
  good luck ? 
  i 'm a die hard nationalist but taking in the worlds basket case at the moment wo n't end well and to be honest it 's the unionists fault , britain wanted to fuck off out of ni , ireland wanted ni back and the nationalists obviously wanted to join us in the 60s/70s but no , that was n't allowed instead this tiny state unable to keep itself afloat without britain pumping money into them managed to become more and more dependent on britain to the point the private sector is probably some lad on a bike selling papers , i do n't want them back until they at least fix themselves enough that they do n't plunge us into throwing money at them like stripper for the rest of time . 
   it 's their fault we 're leaving without a plan . 
  this is nigel farage of ukip who had one mp , i mean of course he would be the man the fucking tories look to for a plan . 
  / r/ireland is full of hipsters who hate anything popular and are the most boring cunts alive and wank over weed at every given opportunity while pointing out that anything not borderline communism is far-right lunacy . 
  * almost forgot the hardline fedora tipping atheists that believe every single problem of the world is caused by religion and think they are above anybody who is religious . 
  this place also makes it out that being a nationalist is basically saying you want to gas jews , except of course it 's scottish nationalism then everyone has a good old wank over it . 
  remember coming across that thread when it went up , hones to god it 's fucking horrible , just because older people used their fucking vote the way they wanted it means they are racist cunts because `` muh students do n't get a future '' it was the fucking students the first time around that did n't want to join the eu , fuck that thread and fuck the stupid beanie and framless glasses wearing cunts who gave such retarded opinions . 
  juncker is n't exactly the brightest bulb, 
   and get another ira on their hands no you would n't the ira came about due to oppression of the irish , the scots have supported the union in a good majority for a long time . 
  ahh yes because university lecturers can never be wrong !, 
  bismarcks legacy is the nation of germany no matter how you spin it , that is a great legacy . 
   everybody 's modern nation state is a result of nationalism lol , hardly an argument . 
  debatable but anyway , my nation would not exist at all without it , we would still be under british rule , that turned out great for us as well . 
   the ` old empire ' mode of governance was much preferable to nation states , it 's actually a much more robust model . 
  we should go back to it . 
  it provides more regional autonomy and deeper integration on issues that matter . 
  that 's why eventually europe was basically split between 6 great powers who all went to war leading to the destruction of 4 of them . 
   because it 's short sighted , an emotional reflex to perceived threats often with terrible outcomes for everybody involved . 
  let 's just ignore the fact that nationalism is what destroyed the old empires , austo-hungary in particular and let 's also ignore that my country came about because of nationalism but sure that had a terrible outcome for all involved as we have seen , let 's also ignore that ms sturgeon is a nationalist and everybody seems to have a hardon for scottish independence around here . 
   which was a stupid decision anyway because it destroyed europe 's balance of power . 
  no it did n't prussia was already a part of the concert of europe . 
  the point was to prevent anything on the scale of the napoleonic wars , ( which it did until of circumstances which bismarck warned wilhelm of ) the balance of power just shifted from france to germany . 
   the historical legacy of germany 's way too rapid rise to power in europe is a giant clusterfuck sorry of course how stupid of me , i mean the proper thing to do would be to unite bit by bit very slowly to make sure you do n't upset a balance of power that did n't actually change that much until years 43 years after the final unification war and 24 years after he left government after warning wilhelm of possible consequences of being too aggressive . 
  you still have n't answered my question . 
   `` will ever have ? '', 
  as in including leaders we have not had yet ? 
  you 're venturing into religious prophecy territory here i think so , he set out and did exactly what he said he would achieve , prussia went from a continental power playing second string to france to ** the ** continental power , they were an industrial powerhouse and had an army only the brits could match , he united the germanic people under one flag , he is the father of germany . 
   also the legacy of bismarck is n't really that great  is n't really that great i 'm sorry but that is objectively wrong , that is like one of the most stupid things i have ever read , he fucking created germany , he was a master at foreign relations and predicted events such as ww1 to great accuracy after his death , he broke the french dominance of the continent , he managed then after creating germany to keep a web of alliances to stop germany from being encircled . 
  how can you say this mans legacy `` is n't really that great '' ? 
  also you never answered my question . 
  no fucker would support ni as separate nation , the fuckers have no private sector and i do n't really want them back until they have a shower and sort themselves out , they 've been leaching off britain for years now and if britain could they would have fucked off years ago . 
   nobody could ever accuse nationalists are being intelligent . 
  what type of statement is this ? 
  what 's the link between being a nationalist and being stupid ? 
  i would n't call bismarck stupid for one , he 's the best leader germany has and ever will have ,, 
  what a stupid comparison . 
   the way democracy should work . 
  that vote changed our constitution , the irish constitution was changed because of a vote of a foreign government and that foreign government had complete power over us if we did n't agree , look at the treatment of greece for god sake , germany had their debt wiped clean by britain after ww2 even though britain itself was hardly rolling in it , it was debt forgiveness that let germany rebuild after the war not this hounding and aggression like towards the greeks and it would be naive we would be treated nicely if we did n't kiss their feet , that is n't what the people we hold as heroes died for at all . 
   good to know you can see into their minds and project forward 100 years as to how they would have applied their beliefs in today 's context . 
  that 's quite the talent .
