   again , your alternative to an imperfect solution is just letting them die ? 
  it 's their own fault , nobody elses , if i fuck up my entire life through concious bad descisions i would n't expect other people to just bankroll me  sweatshop-style as in working for pitiful wages while working one 's ass off . 
  the fact that you 're working an unskilled job means you 're likely one of these people , unless your country has implemented a high minimum wage , forced employers to provide benefits , etc. 
  ( eeeevil socialist measures ! ), 
  if you live with a parent , that would also make it all much easier for you . 
  are you actually trying to explain my financial situation * to me ? 
  * i 'm nothing like a sweatshop worker an it 's an insult to even compare the two . 
   none of the countries listed match that definition . 
  parties have called themselves this or that , but that does n't make north korea a `` republic '' . 
  i would say lenin was definitely a socialist though , and even he found out that a free-market was needed finally letting people have disposable income before he died . 
   now point out to me a capitalist country ( with no strong elements of socialism , such as nordic system ) where there is n't massive inequality and essentially a socioeconomic caste system . 
  ireland , everybody is more or less grand here , but this stood out  massive inequality one gets paid according to the laws of supply and demand , builders were rich as fuck 12 years ago but 5 years ago struggled very badly for work , it workers for years had to emigrate to get jobs but now can stay in a very quick growing industry , one gets paid according to ones skills , not need , `` inequality '' as you call it can mostly be put down to education and career choices , many people like simple jobs were they are n't paid highly because it does them . 
   for practical purposes she has little to no influence over politics . 
  technically speaking it is a monarchy , for any practical purposes whatsoever it is not . 
  she still has final word on every bill that passes through , she is the head of state , whether she uses her powers is irrelevant . 
   so send him to rehabilitation center . 
  christ 's sakes man , how is your solution of letting him die on the streets penniless and miserable any better ? 
  right take every junkie off the street and rehabilitate them , because that will work with a 100 % success rate and is obviously plausible . 
   `` it works '' ? 
  yeah , at the expense of millions upon millions of people who are shoved to the bottom of the pyramid and engage in sweatshop-style labor to ensure the luxury of the privileged few who are higher up that pyramid . 
  sweatshop-style labour ? 
  mate i work an unskilled job that i got straight out of school and i 'm doing great , no fucker in ireland is working in `` sweatshop-style ''  now point out to me a single country where that has been implemented . 
  you mean like in the soviet union where the socialist party took over ? 
  or china ? 
  or venezuala ? 
   i love how heartless rightwing dickheads get off claiming that social darwinism and human suffering is `` the superior '' or even `` only '' way . 
  it 's the only way that works man you 're acting like there is a proven second way that people are ignoring . 
   great britain is a monarchy in name only . 
  try a country where the government is actually controlled by a king , queen , emperor , etc. 
  i 'll be waiting . 
  no , the queen can turn down anything parliment puts through , she just does n't and stays out of politics , that 's what a consitutional monarchy is , she signs off on everything that is put out more or less , germany had a more hands on approach under wilhelm i/ii for example . 
   i would agree to have the government use my taxes to give him enough food to eat , a place to sleep and shower , and money for methodone treatments . 
  yeah he 'll take the money and then get what he really wants , unless you want to police his life . 
   so we should motivate people to work with the threat of poverty , misery , starvation , death , etc. 
  it is a barbaric system , essentially social darwinism . 
  it works though , if you can get on well enough just sitting on social welfare why bother work ? 
  what is the actually benefit there ? 
  you 're idea is too just give poor people money until they are n't poor which is insane . 
   socialism has never even been implemented in any country in history . 
  had to skip your last point to get to this , i love this , `` muh real socialism never been tried '' yes it has and it 's failed well done here 's you http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/193/128/993.gif i love that socialists can be totally broken by just one question `` where has socialism worked ? '', 
   one thousand years ago you 'd be arguing for monarchy because `` history has shown that nothing else works '' . 
  i can give examples for monarchies that work though , great britain you ca n't give me an example that socialism works, 
   `` starving '' is a shorthand for suffering in various ways , including actual starving , but more commonly poverty , homelessness , etc. 
  what about people who have caused their own downfall ? 
  would you give your money to a man who is just going to spend it on heroin ? 
   why would n't people work for the chance to get more money ? 
  the ubi ensures they can live a decent life , not anything more . 
  why work when you can live in the lovely safetynet you have just created ? 
  why bother ? 
  starting to see a trend here about wealth distribution  i wish it were but that 's not the point . 
  i think it is because you sort of admit that despite history showing us time after time that socialism is a failed system you still want it , which shows that you 're a few cards shy a deck . 
   if everyone can live a decent sort of life , that 's basically mission accomplished . 
  yeah just live in the safetynet and let the rich pay for you great system . 
   how about my country which is still worse off than it was under the dysfunctional soviet system ? 
  same goes for ukraine , for example . 
  that happened because the soviet union made it happen with their retarded system a lot of post soviet countries had a rough start , ukraine used to be the breadbasket of europe , then the soviets happened . 
  anyway georgia has been doing alright these past few years , the economy is growing rapidly and it 's improving slowly all around . 
  also i did ask you how any of the countries i listed improved due to socialism , and you could n't answer it , because you ca n't . 
   liberal capitalism is great to live in if you 're high enough up the pyramid . 
  not everyone can be , by definition because any other system does n't work as well . 
   letting all the people it could save starve ? 
  why do you assume it would go straight to the `` starving '' ? 
  and how many starving people are in this country that the rich have to be fucking taxed at 50 % ? 
  what then ? 
  these people find out they can just sit on their ass and rake in someone elses money so do fuck all , learned helplessness and it 's seen all over the world with aid money given by the west . 
   i said capitalism with elements of socialism , which as far as i know is exactly what it is . 
  it 's completely based on a free-market system which is a big no-no in any type of socialism as far as i know , because people can be taken advantage of . 
   not an argument . 
   also not an argument . 
  true though , not a single country has come out better due to socialism , look at literally any country that has/had the socialist party in charge , in fact i 'll list a few , russia , china , vietnam , cuba , venezuala , if you can tell me how a single one of the counties i 've mention have improved due to socialist economics and policies then fair enough , also remember why thatcher came to power it was because the former government implemented socialist policies and left the uk in a mess . 
   it 's called human empathy i 'm sure it is until you have to hand over your wages . 
   what i described is not actually full-on socialism , just something like a more extended version of the `` nordic system '' which is capitalism with elements of socialism . 
  nordic socialism is a myth and it 's been proven false many times , anyway socialism of any kind is a cancer on the world  being taxed at 50 % of your wealth when you earn a million euros per year leaves you with a massive 500,000 to do with as you please . 
  oh yes i 'm sure they should be grateful you only want to take half of their money . 
   honestly i would prefer pure socialism over that , but people have such knee-jerk reactions to the word itself that i 'm not optimistic about the chances of that happening . 
  and rightly so socialism does n't work , it 's a made up fairlytale thing that adults should n't buy into . 
   they will be able to clean up any tears of theirs with wads of 100 euro notes , believe me . 
  that does n't matter you 're still saying that because they have money it 's right to take it away from them just because other people are worse off , that 's life . 
   the answer is that they are sitting on top of massive piles of money while people roam their city suffering , homeless , etc. . 
  many homeless people are that way because they were stupid enough to start taking drugs or are alocholics , why should the rich have to deal with all the dregs of the day ? 
   putting even half of that wealth towards fixing the latter is an act of basic human compassion . 
  of course they wo n't do it themselves , so a bit of outside motivation is necessary , let 's put it this way . 
  half of that wealth ? 
  tax all their income at least at 50 % ? 
  are you actually insane they would all leave the country and as i said whatever jobs they created would also leave the country making it worse than what you had at the start and if you 're being taxed full board at at least 50 % what the fuck is the point at going to college for 4/5 years or even more to get a doctorate if you know you might n't get even half of your income because people out there have n't done the same ? 
  where 's the incentive to work ? 
  why not just get a 9-5 job and leech off the rich ? 
  this is called socialism and as history shows it never fucking works . 
   if you go to work every day knowing you 're working towards destroying the earth , and still do n't give a shit , then you 're an asshole no matter how you look at it . 
  i have a feeling you 're unemployed and or retarded . 
   taxes on the rich . 
  why should you punish somebody for being successful because others are n't ? 
  the rich already pay their fair share , you tax too heavily and they 'll fuck off with the jobs they create . 
   are you denying they created subs like the_frauke and le_pen to try to infulence germanys and france politics on reddit . 
   infulence germanys and france politics on reddit . 
   on reddit . 
  you are actually 100 % pants on head retarded if you believe this . 
   the_cheeto is trying to influence the french election with terrorism sometimes i have to remind myself how fucking stupid people on this place can be . 
   the ira have killed more people in terrorist attacks then all the islamic terror attacks in europe , that does n't invalidate the islamic terror attacks , even though the ira killed more people . 
  i really wish people would stop bringing the ira into it since they have literally nothing in common with isis and would n't have done anything had catholics been treated like humans in ni,
