   yes . 
  capitalism is incredibly hostile to any attempt at socialism . 
  socialism does n't work , britain already tried it , led to 20 years of maggie thatcher because labour fucked everything up . 
  no it ; s very common for teenagers to be atheist , most people go through a phase of being being atheist because they think it 's a simple answer to a very complex question . 
  that 's exactly what i said , i do n't want my taxes going to propping up the welfare state you lot are keeping alive , as far as i see it it is your problem until they are sorted out . 
  i 'm all for unification but not if it means i 'm being taxed at 50 % so jack in belfast can get his dole because all the jobs are bascially public sector in ni . 
  a united ireland if it happened tomorrow would kill us , i do n't want them back until they resemble something not on life support . 
   but the reason was a bad leadership , not a lack of weapons or technology . 
  russia had less field artillary than germany and had less machine guns , more money had been diverted to forts , they were under way with modernizing but by 1914 they still needed time , germany was far better equipped . 
   and germans did not expect that russia would be able to send that many forces so far inside german land so early . 
  i 'm sure they did , they knew that russia had already mobilized 1 million men on the austrian border , moltke and wilhelm to an extent were very paranoid men . 
   eh i do not believe in this . 
  he clearly believed that germany was able to beat both neighbours according to schliffen 's plan . 
  he could only go on what his officers told him , he did not want what would eventually happen . 
   and for this they were ready to risk an open war with germany . 
  no , grey was very adament to make sure no war would break out , one of the main criticisms of grey is that he would n't threaten war as a deterrant and this predates the july crisis , the naval agreement with france and the guarantee of belgian neutrality is what changed this . 
   it 's not true . 
  tzar have still very strong position and was very popular not really , bloody sunday and the 1905 revolution show that he definitely was not . 
   also russia was actually better prepared than anybody expected that 's true but they were still years behind germany , russia lost 250,000 men in trying to invade west prussia at the start of the war . 
   same could be said about austria which needed something to strenghten the unity of the state and union . 
  as it turned out for both empires it was `` win everything or loose everything '' kind of game . 
  that is true , austria however was heavily influenced from berlin . 
   kaiser wilhelm wanted to break `` the siege '' i.e. 
  the franco-russian alliance and also give to the germans rightful `` place under the sun '' as a one of the greatest powers . 
  that 's true but he did n't want a war on two sides , he was in the end pressured to mobalize the german army and is reported to have said `` you will regret this , gentlemen . '', 
  very bad diplomacy is another major factor , sir edward grey did n't like using the threat of war as a deterrant and that could have been used , a lot of lone wolfs had great influence as well , basically a lot of fuck ups and miscommunications . 
   this is demonstrably untrue , as history shows they were willing to risk an open war , as they ... did . 
  germany declared war on france using the pretext of an aeriel attack on nuremburg war was going to happen either way , anyway they had to follow russia for 2 reasons , germany and austria could easily take russia by themselves , and germany strenghtening the whip hand in europe is not something france wanted , and second of all not going through with the alliance would mean they would be isolated and probably would have to face germany again without the insurance of russia attacking in the east . 
   the czar and leadership felt russia was prepared . 
  russia was not , they did n't have a proper railway system , the economy was a mess and germany had them outnumbered in heavy artillary and machine guns , russia had men and only men . 
  for example in december 1914 russia had 6,553,000 men . 
  however , they only had 4,652,000 rifles . 
  reforms had begun yes , but infighting and general complacency slowed them down . 
   the narrative of `` inevitable decline '' when it comes to the hapsburg empire is not true , fair enough i 'll give you that but to say the empire was running at maximum efficency would be wrong , nationalism was still strong within the empire and the military was terrible , serbia repelled them twice and during one of their attacks they marched right into the serbian artillary target range , they would n't have gone to war at all if it was n't for germany that is why despite serbia accepting the ultimatum they invaded . 
  i am baffled by this man , germany had the force to back up their threats , austria was beyond superannuated by 1914, 
  not really , britain did n't want war of any kind because it would n't benefit them at all due to their reliance on international trade , the only thing they did n't want was german domination of europe , france was afraid of germany and this showed when they allied russia , an empire that was the polar opposite to the democratic bastion of france , they wanted alsace-lorraine back yes but they were n't willing to risk open war with an enemy that destroyed them 40 years previous , russia was that far behind the other countries and people were getting very rebellious against the tsar due to pogroms and murders of men joining trade unions , austria was falling apart due to nationalism and franz ferdinand knew this and was going to reform the empire to a more federal state giving regions more autonomy , he himself married a czech and was ridiculed for it . 
  kaiser wilhelm just wanted to build up his navy to match the brits before anything else and when gave austria the blank cheque wanted them to invade straight away to avoid russia getting involved , the real prick that got everything going was mr motlke who believed in a great teuton-slavic war to basically make russia heel towards germany , he also wanted to live up to his uncles reputation ( he was the one that captured paris and led germanys armies in the franco-prussian war ) he also believed that all empires fall apart unless they dominate and destroy others , so he pressured austria to not fear russia because he wanted a great war to happen . 
  a lot of people point to scandanavia to prove that socialism works as well , not knowing how you lot actually work . 
  best timeline would have been if princip died before getting a chance to ruin europe . 
  just a reminder that clinton is one of only 2 presidents that have been impeached . 
   my school did a survey and 70 % said they didnt believe in any god . 
  schools are very rife in this attitude , how many 14 year old atheists exist because they think they are smarter than others but never actually pondered why we exist in the first place because they just go to / r/atheism and criclejerk , 
   fuck me if the telegraph is n't a rag . 
  the telegraph is a good paper what are you on about ? 
  it 's not the mail or independent . 
  anyway she is loved by many people ( here being an example ) by people who scream how liberal they are , the fact she is pro-refugee and pro-eu is a massive plus for the liberals that support her but most of those people are n't from germany so would n't know about how conservative she is in some social aspects . 
   i understand why many people do n't want to see that they have homophobic opinions . 
  this is the sort of attitude that really fucking sickens people , just warping everything so that you can get the moral high ground , i know this is off topic but it is a massive reason why trump won , people acting like they were better than trump voters , constantly talking down about them , like they are savages , creating massive `` us vs them '' dynamic that played right into trumps hands , and i fucking hate it , stop acting like everything is black or white , it 's more complex than that . 
  in my locality it is exclusively them , i have n't heard a peep from the farmers . 
  oh no no my friend , it 's different here , these people organize independently and try and police what people do using a sense of a moral high ground , these are the latte drinking and gucci wearing middle class guardian reading wankers that are ruining everything here , they love the sound of their own voice , these people actually protested an expansion to an oyster farm because it would ruin the water quality , oysters actually help keep water quality to acceptable levels . 
  he 'll be too busy posting to / r/atheism talking about how enlightened he is compared to the sheep . 
  oh yeah , my dream is an ireland that is totally self sufficient which i honestly believe is possibly if we get our shit together , that way we can be out by ourselves and watch the world go by while we live in peace , and all our bread comes from cavan . 
  will we fuck , we are in a good position for it , especially tidal energy on the west coast but there are a lot of bored fuckers about the place that will say renewable energy ruins their view , i would take that and be able to power all of ireland with energy created only by ourselves . 
   but is n't this just proving the point that ireland is better off inside of the eu than outside of it ? 
  not really it just means we are completely tied to the eu , if the eu wanted they could fuck us around and make us dance and we could n't do a thing about it . 
  the uk can get out because of it 's power relative to the eu , the economy is massive and its reach long , the small countries like us and the czechs are stuck until the end , i do n't know about the czechs but ireland basically needs the eu to keep running so we 're pure fucked . 
  ironically liberal europe should be the ones supporting this . 
   hate facts sweet jesus . 
  god the swiss are so based , the rights of the individual are so prominent in switzerland . 
   simply because they 're irrelevant to my life . 
  that 's all fine and dandy for you the ordinary person but you ca n't as a high up politician simply sell out british citizens it 's just not right , the people of the falklands fought and died for their homes and rights as british citizens for corbyn to just leave them out to dry and then talk about how he 's a man of the people is very hypocritical . 
  do you mean like people actually bullying gay people , or using `` gay '' as an insult ? 
   62 % upvoted hmmmm, 
  does n't hurt to add to it though . 
   not what i wrote . 
  true , but i think it 's safe to say if it was may you would be all over it . 
   nobody gives a shit about the falklands until it 's time to bash corbyn i think it is relevant seeing how it gives an insight into what his foreign policy would be like and power sharing with a country that never held the islands does n't exactly show off qualities of a strong leader . 
  so because it 's about corbyn it does n't count ? 
  he says he 's for the people and yet was willing to powershare british citizens homes with a dictatorship , it is absolutely valid to use . 
  not really the same though is it ? 
  because a depending on situations all sides could be correct . 
  blair got you involved in iraq , brown is the one who increased public spending massively despite growth falling , labour and their policies for nationalizing near everything in the 70s near wrecked the uk economy and lead to the torys having to fix it , that 's before your time though so let 's just look at now , just to clear something up i do not like the current tories one bit and probably dislike them as much as labour . 
  corbyn is a very good campaigner no doubt about that he is `` for the people '' but only if they are on the island of britain it seems , when the falklands was invaded by argentina a country which never actually owned the falklands if i remember correctly he wanted a power sharing agreement with them , he basically just left the people of the falklands out to dry , they all seen themselves as british citizens and fought against argentina risking their lives , they would have been just abandoned if corbyn was the leader , not exactly very nice of him . 
  corbyn then wants a maximum wage that is just wrong any way you want to spin it , if the ceo of a company creates the company say a million a year through advertising and deals made , why should their wage be capped so the person at the very bottom who 's job could be done by anybody get some of it ? 
  would you take the wage of the man at the bottom to give to the homeless man on the street ? 
  the disparity of wealth is exactly the same ? 
  you ca n't dictate the economy like that it does n't work . 
  the only actual benefit he has over may is that he is an actual human , he sold the people of the falklands down the river whatever way you look at it . 
  no somebody who thinks there is a black/white divide in politics and that there is one good side and one bad side and to vote for one side basically means you are evil . 
  there is no point is there ? 
  it 's just going to be back and forth while every reply you have will have a smug undertone to it because you think you know what the average voter who is n't being interviewed by cnn or written about in the huffington post cares about , you just read and see what you want to see and everything else is wrong . 
  ohh do n't i know it man . 
  it was always on the cards , once you have a common currency , a common market and an actual parliament an army is n't a fantasy at all it 's but an inevitability , i 'm telling if nobody else speaks up this will keep getting more and more centralized . 
  according to some people i 've talked to here you should be greatful because of all the money they gave us during the bailout and so the sons of ireland may yet die in a foreign war for a foreign government just like what pearse died for . 
  after reading all that i 'm going to say this , trump voters did n't vote for him because they thought as you said `` his voters thought the undeserving who would get their healthcare cut were the blacks '' that 's just bullshit they voted for him because he promised to bring jobs back it is that simple , to places like michigan and ohio that is absolutely massive , hillary basically promised those people nothing , she even thought some states were so safe she did n't even bother putting a lot of effort into that , trump however was everywhere , that means a lot to these people , the working class saw trump as the person who would get them jobs and to be honest he 's done decent on that front to keep those promises , the same reason people voted for obama , the `` yes we can '' attitude , he will get you jobs that is what matters to those people not blacks getting healthcare cut that is just insane . 
   and look at trump : his voters thought the undeserving who would get their healthcare cut were the blacks ... you do realise a lot of the people who voted for the trump are the ones who voted for obama in the last 2 elections ? 
   to the articles of consumption and is classless and stateless ohhh the old `` it was n't real communsim '' nonsense , i think that 's all that need be said . 
   where did you get the idea ? 
  you just sort of brushed aside the absolute power that the state has in a communist regime like it was nothing  and how much was it ? 
  how much would you pay if it were n't for the taces ? 
  i do n't know man whatever i found a reasonable amount , i was n't going to be handing over a weeks wages if that is what you 're asking . 
   gee , that book sure is n't simplified . 
  it 's a rundown on how economics as a whole work and has got nothing but praise , are you actually going to sit here and say he was n't a great economist ? 
   ` socialism is when the government does stuff ' oh my god are you an unironic communist ? 
   what charities have you donated to in the last 3 months ? 
  where did i say that i was a libertarian ? 
  and if you must know the rnli . 
   there 's more to economics than austria and chicago , you know ? 
  what the fuck does this mean ? 
  people when they read economics in one lesson did n't go `` we 're in britain so this does n't apply to us because he 's in austria '',
