  a baby is n't your body and you ca n't spin it any other way , if you support late stage abortion as i stated above this is what you find okay doing  `` the second step is to remove the fetus . 
  either a local anesthetic or general anesthesia is given to the woman . 
  a cannula is passed into the uterus . 
  the cannula is attached by tubing to a bottle and a pump that provides a vacuum to remove the amniotic fluid from the uterus . 
  usually , a second trimester fetus is too large to be removed from the uterus by suction alone . 
  forceps are inserted into the uterus through the vagina and either an arm or leg of the fetus is grasped and pulled off the body of the fetus and out of the vagina . 
  after the four limbs are removed , the forceps are used to crush the head of the fetus so that it will be small enough to be evacuated from the uterus '' this is way a late stage abortion is performed , babies can usually survive outside the womb independently at this point , this is murder i do n't care how you spin it . 
    because the actual human here is the mother , she is a breathing , dreaming , talking , thinking creature shaped by other human beings and who has value and different roles , and her life is more important than the one of a fetus . 
  does n't give a right to kill something that will be born in less than a year . 
   in your eyes , a woman loses her status as a real human with rights the minute she falls pregnant to be less than a fetus . 
   loses her status as a real human with rights yeah when a woman gets pregnant i do n't let her have the right to life , or shelter , or food , or water , or let her vote , or let her own property , i forgot about that , what a load of shit , that is absolute insanity . 
   does miscarriages raise the same emotion abortions do in you ? 
  of course they fucking do , why do you think when couples have miscarriages they usually have horrible grief over it ? 
  who the fuck has a miscarriage and goes `` oh well it 's just a bunch of cells '' what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
   a fetus is not a person . 
  what constitutes a human life exactly ? 
  if someone stabs a pregnant woman and kills the child they will be charged with double homicide , why is the fetus count as a child then ? 
  when does a fetus become a human then ? 
  after 3 weeks when it has its own independent heartbeat and pumps its own blood which can be a different type to its mother ? 
  after 8 when it has brain activity ? 
   i believe a woman 's body is their responsability , no ones elses i do n't get this argument , especially if you say this and are for late term abortions , it 's another human not the womans body . 
   but sf have literally nothing at all to do with a tory / dup coalition i never said they did , i 'm talking about in general on / r/europe when irish politics is talked about which is rare to be fair , people seem to be full on sinn fein and sort of ignore or do n't know about how they were the political wing for the pira . 
  i mean on / r/europe , i mean i 'm all for dup bashing but sinn fein are n't exactly clean as a whistle . 
  remember when brianna wu left herself abuse on her profile but forgot to switch profiles ? 
  i wonder what would happen if i posted something from say ben shapiro would it get this much praise , how can anybody take this idiot seriously ? 
  if he did n't have the accent the yanks would get sick of him . 
  dont forget powersharing the falklands with argentina , a country which never in its history controlled the falklands . 
   well first of all sinn fein is n't being involved in the coalition talks . 
  i mean in general when they are brought up . 
   but republic of ireland ? 
  i mean you are a republic due to lacking a monarch , the only one on the island since we have a queen and unambiguously irish . 
  no you see if we said we were a republic in 1935 for example we would bascially be saying that the 6 counties are gone and only the 26 counties count as ireland , now nobody gives a fuck , like nobody would get offended if you said `` repbulic of ireland '' it 's just that our offical name is literally `` ireland '', 
   but that isnt the history when we adopted `` republic of ireland '' dublin claimed the 6 british counties in the constitution , this was a bit of a pickle for any british diplomat or politician to acknowledge . 
  well we did n't really want to say we were a republic at all because we did n't control all of the counties , in our constitution it says `` 32 county '' though . 
  i think you missed my point , the actual name of the 26 country country is ireland , that 's the offical name of our country . 
   in the case of ireland it 's a rejection of their claim to the north . 
  ireland is just ireland actually . 
  i 'm surprised people are only coming to see what nutjobs the dup really are , then at the same time i never see this bashing of sinn fein and gerry adams who denies ever being in the ira and has been mixed up in the murder of an innocent woman . 
  a lot of people in scotland are just sick of the snp just going on and on about a second referendum , that 's one part anyway . 
   people may very well be talking the same way about enda kenny that you are of sean lemass . 
  i would n't say that now , but enda given the fucking mess he was dropped in has done well enough . 
  sean lemass is the best leader we had and i do n't anybody will ever top him , an absolute hero in my eyes , but i was n't about then so i ca n't say what the general opinion of him was . 
   that period when ireland was one of the richest countries in the world only in cities to be honest , most rural areas missed out on this wealth . 
   not just skill to be honest i would rather the cabinet to be skilled rather than representing genders . 
   that just seems to me like the same argument for never raising the minimum wage , despite the fact that inflation means it buys a lot less now . 
  you know what in some degrees he is n't far off , wanting a maximum wage sounds like something you would do to transition into communism , not saying that 's why he wants it obviously . 
  when there 's no alternative being offered they are though , that 's why i assume they have an alternative in place so the people who are losing what work they can get stay in the workforce . 
   today we live in modern day liberal democracy , it is horrific to even hold a rifle i think all boys should have the opportunity to learn things like this when they 're small , i do n't mean just learning how to hold and use a gun , but survival skills in the wild , mechanical skills , how to use tools properly , you know typical lad stuff , because frankly we 're getting a bit useless . 
  we all know corbyn is anything but central though . 
   unfortunately the private companies have priced bus eireann out of the profitable routes leaving only unprofitable ones ... 
  so they 're screwed . 
  not to mention the very high wages and costs for bus eireann , when you 're guaranteed money either way you get lazy , compare that to private companies who know they have work hard to stay competitive . 
   why bother having a minimum wage ? 
  surely if we abolished it then that would create more jobs , right ? 
  not really my point though , i 'm saying you ca n't just get rid of them just like that , it would just make things worse overall ( in the short term anyway ) with people being put on the dole , i would say tweaking them a bit would be better . 
   they were never deregulated . 
  over here it 's a different story , our private bus companies are amazing and the national ones are shite , competition just makes everyone try harder , i do n't know the story fully in england but here we could have maybe 3/4 companies all running for one route so that 's a factor obviously . 
   refuse to make `` false promises '' on immigration i 'd guess this means not actually limiting it at all and maybe even letting more people in because corbyn does n't want to hurt anybodys feelings . 
   ban so-called `` zero hours '' contracts what happens to all the people who are on those contracts ? 
  they wo n't all be hired and will eventually just end up on the dole , then again it 's just a sentence , i can only assume they have some sort of plan . 
  i also seen on bbc that they want to increase tax on businesses to 26 % from 19 % why ? 
  that 's not how it works , you 're just making businesses suffer , they create the jobs , they keep people off the dole , if they make more money that usually means more people get hired , this is just stagnating growth if anything . 
  again the leader of this party wants a maximum wage . 
   nationalise the energy industry  nationalising railways and bus firms have they learnt nothing from the mistakes of the labour party of the 60s and 70s ? 
   yes god forbid some jackass is forced to defend his arguments and realizes he has no idea what he 's talking about . 
  or maybe i just ca n't be fucked ? 
  i have no idea what you 're on about lad and to be honest i really do n't care . 
   little irredentist fantasy . 
   thinks a single european state is viable lol, 
   the definition of what a federation is you tit . 
  `` democratic people 's republic of korea ''  which is a movie script , not reality . 
  not really , ireland ca n't survive outside the eu , we 're dependent on it for so many things . 
   a ) nobody has any idea what a `` single european state '' would look like so you petulantly demanding a poll for one is a bit dishonest then why show me a poll that has literally no relevence to anything i said ? 
   it shows massive support for the eu which seems to fly in the face of your opinions and generally lends credence to the fact that you 're wrong . 
  wanting to be in the eu is n't the same as wanting to ( as the op said ) being in a single european state under one flag  that and everyone else just telling you you 're wrong in this thread , yes because / r/europe has no massive bias in favor of the eu , and that means eveything these people are saying is true , because something like 4 people out of `` 1,430,666 '' means i 'm wrong and they are right . 
   `` hey this knob thinks we 'll be ruled from brussels . '', 
  a single unified state needs a capital , seeing how this where the eu is based i do n't think it 's a massive fucking leap to assume that 's where the capital would be . 
   `` nah he just reads the british papers and laps up every allusion he can find to absolute monarchy and does n't think for himself . '', 
  all this projection  `` so he does n't even know we 're massively in favour of the eu in a general sense , then ? '', 
  in favor of being in the eu = / = wanting to be part of a european flag under one flag . 
   `` do n't think he cares mate . 
  he 's probably one of those i 've - got-my-opinion-and-damn-the-evidence types . '', 
  `` oh so a brexiter ? '', 
  `` yeah . '', 
  hahahahaha , yeah you showed me mate , you created an argument in your own head and had it go the way you wanted it be and then tried to use it as evidence , holy fuck that is amazingly retarded . 
   a federal eu is only possible through the approval of the member states . 
  says who ? 
   i do n't see how else you would do it . 
  forcing them if this eu army gets traction , making them dependent on the eu for grants and subsidies so much that your country becomes nearly utterly dependent . 
  how the fuck is that the same as ireland being part of a single european state ? 
  right mate , you ask the people around you `` do you want ireland to be part of a single european state ruled from brussels ? '', 
  and see what reaction you get . 
   they want to be part of a federal eu ? 
  if a federal eu was under way i would say there would be little choice for the members involved at that point . 
   did he fight for independence just for independence 's sake or did he fight against oppression collins fought so the only people who could determine the future of the irish people was the irish , not britain , not france or germany , we are now tied to the eu , our fate is tied to it , that is not what he fought for . 
  i do , most people do n't want a single unified europe only larpers on here do . 
   you can still love your country in a federal eu . 
  you stories and songs will remain . 
  the flag of ireland wo n't be lowered , but will fly proudly next to the eu flag . 
  no fuck off , collins did n't die to be part of a federal europe fucking hell that 's not independence if you 're ruled from somewhere else other than your capital .
