  ( and it required brexit ) to not be in an ever more centralized eu that has moved more and more away from the original premise of a free trade group , a `` european army '' went from a `` dangerous fantasy '' to something that `` should be considered to protect ourselves '' , to stop paying money to support countries in the eu that just take money and put in basically nothing . 
  that is what they want . 
   cnn tying to find any qoute from anyone to backup their agenda mate cnn would n't lie , they have proven over the past year they are the most reliable news source in the world . 
   one can easily argue that `` leaving '' is not accomplishing anything . 
  so , to paraphrase you , `` 60 % activey want pain to be inflicted just to be able to feel superior and different '' if you like being wrong yes. , that is complete shit , those words are more twisted than john wayne gacy . 
   nothing but a capitalist stooge  a typical blueshirt hello / r/ireland welcome to the thread . 
  it is no way as anti-irish as it is anti-british that is just insane to suggest . 
  i do both if i can be fucked , but this sub is just drowning in anti-british shite ever since brexit , the amount of fucking threads were you have to wade through wave upon wave of foreign people telling brits what brits think about x and pretending overall they know more about britain than britain and it 's insufferable . 
   so you do n't mind people telling outright lies about us and europeans upvotes said lies no not really , i 'm going to fucking police everybody on muddy history  but attack an irish poster you seem to give a fuck about him . 
  because all he does is talk shit about the brits and pro-brexit people , nothing else just talk nonstop shit . 
   why do n't you defend your people unstead of attacking them i 'm not moses they are n't `` my '' people if someone is acting like an idiot i 'm not going to defend them because of a flag . 
   in this thread alone there posters calling us nazi supporters typical r/eurpoe upvotes it knowing it 's a lie . 
  not my problem i do n't give a fuck if someone calls me a nazi supporter . 
  it 's true though , you go over to / r/ireland and make a thread talking about the positive side of religion or a pro-life argument and tell me they are n't pricks . 
   i only see one toolbag here and it 's not them . 
  how will i ever recover ? 
  because he 's a prick . 
  \\  acting like a normal person means you 're a lick arse wow really made me think . 
   * roleplays as country * fuck off man the greater states of united federal europe of super socialism is real . 
  seriously larpers on this sub are sad as fuck . 
   what do you mean `` you people '' ? 
  toolbags, 
  you 're reading text you have no idea what mood i 'm in . 
  no , just bored of the constant cycle of `` the church killed my family , if you do n't like abortion you 're a fascist , a / r/thathappened story about somebodys son standing up to their racist and sectarian religion teacher at age 4 , then a massive wank circle about weed and the social democrats '', 
  the telegraph is a good paper it 's an insult to put it up with those rags . 
   i did n't bring nazis into this thread , that was someone with an english flair . 
  i never said you did i used something called exaggeration i just said you are always being really condescending and hateful to the brits and it 's sad as fuck . 
  the irish on reddit are the saddest most pathetic weirdos i have ever come across , they are so obsessed over playing the victim , there was outrage on / r/ireland because a fucking jackie chan film had the ira in it and it `` had the problematic stereotype of the irish '', 
  you just have a hate boner for the uk and need to express it fucking everywhere , seriously everytime i see your name it 's nearly always either going `` le stupid brexiteers xd '' or '' the brits are fucking nazis '', 
  you do n't get it man it was n't real communism , so we 'll just try again . 
  they printed it , an editor or sub-editor seen those articles and thought `` that 's good enough to show the world '' that is their standard of quality , they are a tabloid made to pander to people who only want to hear about the magic doings of the shit they believe in . 
   the fact that you ca n't tell what an editorial is , and use editorials as your basis that a news organization sucks , is the real issue here ... 
  if you take the huffington post as a serious news source you are an idiot , it is a massive left wing leaning rag that nobody takes seriously and for good reason , it 's a shit tabloid like the mirror or the sun , the ft it is not . 
  if you need someone to point that out to you i think that friendo is the `` real issue '', 
  what self respecting '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' `` news source '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' would allow articles of that fucking stupidity ? 
  oh i know you just need to see / r/unitedkingdom for that . 
   ironic that exactly you say that , lmao . 
  not really . 
   but i understand that in your world talinh the piss out of trump is not right . 
  sad !, 
  where did you get the idea i 'm a trump supporter ? 
  so much projection because i called huffpost out for being nothing but retarded dribble . 
  not fake , literally the first result when googled http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-steak-well-done-disqualified_us_56e8267be4b065e2e3d747ce http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-well-done-steak_us_56ec54bbe4b084c672203a4b it is a shit news source and should n't be allowed to be posted , the sun is n't allowed and this shit should n't either . 
  huffpost is pure fucking shit https://imgur.com/a4ra8kt  only t_d / alt-right types seem yo.have a problem with it . 
  or maybe people who actually want jounralism to be above `` muh feelings '' or `` tell me what i want to hear '', 
   huffingtonpost.co.uk jesus christ, 
  it 's a british publication, 
  what a peaceful time we live in when things like this are seen as potential problems . 
  i can just bet this thread wo n't be a massive fucking circlejerk about how stupid americans are . 
  that poll is like asking a communist if they like capitalism , / r/ireland is very loudly pro-eu . 
  not surprising we 'd be fucked if we left it , we are totally dependent on the eu and it 's sad it 's like that . 
   it 's just the threat of souring relations with a country that has nukes is not a good idea even if nukes would n't be used over ukraine i think russia is a bit smart for that , everyone knows nobody would use nuclear weapons due to mad, 
   they do have nuclear weapons you would have to be very fucking stupid to even mention nuclear weapons over something like this , who would actually use them ? 
   who 's talking about giving them or anyone else a choice about it ? 
  as soon as we have the eu army we just go into russia and do the colonial thing again . . 
  the fucking delusion of you idiots . 
   it was originally created as a place for discussion from the premise that `` the european union is generally a positive thing for europe . '', 
  so pro-eu only gotcha . 
  what a fucking shitheap that sub is . 
   too many alt-rights , conspiratards and plain old racists came here i used to use / r/european and i can tell no thread has ever looked like that , you 're just angry that people disagree with you . 
   may have what a non-story this is . 
   if you do n't even try to integrate them sure or if they do n't want to integrate which is the case with a lot of them . 
   though culture is not fixed and eternal the roots stay the same though and that can be destoryed . 
  just by seeing the source i 'm going to assume this is total shit . 
  it 's a `` stats are racist '' episode . 
  inviting in people who do n't assimilate while your own country has a declining birthrate and population growth can most definitely lead to the death of your culture . 
  you are n't even worth partitioning . 
   kaliningrad do n't call it that, 
  they can keep it friendo , i do n't want to be subsidising fiscalblackhole the county ^ ^ ^ ^ also ^ ^ ^ ^ pomerania ^ ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ ^ german, 
  must be hoi4 is it ? 
  that game left such a sour taste in my mouth , paradox dumbed down a great war simulator for meme blobbing shit , if i wanted that i would have play eu4 not buy a second game for it . 
  silesia is german, 
  i 've already explained all of that in my other post . 
  israel is n't sitting on a high horse though when talking about say germany though . 
  first of all , i have read these things over the course of about a year and a half , i would n't bring it up if they would n't exist because that would be pointless , second of all i 'm not wallowing at all , third of all you want the sources you find them i do n't have to prove shit to a nobody on the internet . 
   i 'll be waiting lol fuck off man you want sources get them yourself . 
  called out over what ? 
  why are you trying to make this more than what it is ? 
  it 's hypocritical to attack one nation for doing x when another nation you have friendly relations with is doing far worse across the board . 
  now the eu could attack him for this , but then again how many of the nations in it are friendly with the saudis ? 
  you could easily go on a rampage conquering lands nowadays if you really wanted to , just as long as the great powers do n't give a fuck . 
  ahh we still do , it 's just not written down anymore . 
   mhm , curious `` real world '' you got there in which people do n't care about atrocious comparisons . 
   seems like you 're in bad company in real life . 
  are you taking the piss ? 
  like seriously taking the piss ? 
  you 've never heard anyone refer to anyone as a grammar nazi for example ? 
  or do assume when someone says that you should go `` stop doing that , the nazis commited crimes against humanity ! '', 
  what type of weird bubblewrapped world are you living in ? 
   it 's my right to tell you that . 
  and it 's my right to tell you that you should avoid going full rainman on comments made with obvious hyperbole . 
   just shows you in a light in which your `` argument '' can easily dismissed . 
  why does everything have to be an argument ? 
  why can one not make a passing comment without someone fucking disecting it trying to find meaning ? 
   what 's the point of a hyperbole that makes no sense in the real world ? 
  in the real world people do n't as i said disect everything that everyone says , you can make a passing comment to someone without someoen trying to make it like it 's an argument you put forward . 
  is hyperbole not allowed ? 
  i obviously know that they are n't commiting crimes against humanity . 
  which is why i said it was a specific group . 
   they bombed many innocent civilians even if catholics had legitimate grievances .
