  the sample size was 1001 people not exactly a great sample size for a country near 300 million people , in fact the sample size was used in europe as well of 1000 people , but even if you ignore that and go off the original statement of `` gay acceptance in the us is on a terrible level compared to europe '' it 's still wrong , most of the countries in the map provided in europe are only a bracket above the us , excluding germany and spain , you have russia which is 4 brackets below the us , poland which is one bracket below and greece which is in the same bracket so let 's do math and figure out the numbers using the highest percentage in each bracket us vs europe and you get for the us 194 million for gay acceptance and for europe using the data provided you get 331 million all rounded up and assuming everything is on the extreme end of the spectrum of each bracket so in this hypothetical european state of 528 million and an average acceptance percentage of 63 % ( assuming the highest rates of all the brackets given ) are accepting of gays in society compared to the 60 % of america , which in no world is `` us is on a terrible level compared to europe '', 
  i just donated my life savings match me . 
  good thing they are n't in saudi arabia then . 
   the trump administration and his lgbt stance trump has no problems against gays at all and you have no proof to prove otherwise you 'll just believe what you want to believe . 
  absolutely nothing just shit he hears about on reddit . 
  mate i had a conversation with a man here who was honest to god convinced that bannon was behind the terror attacks in europe , i called him retarded and got banned for a month in my view a acceptable sacrifice . 
  well of course he does , he 's french . 
  look at the source , ukip had less bias on brexit than the irish times . 
  cool nevada, 
  i 'm proud to be irish , not proud to be european that 's just too broad . 
  mate what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  it 's more about social issues i think , i can sort of get where they 're coming from though , because we rely on multinationals for a fuck load of jobs so it ends up they can basically fuck with us if they want , i want small business to flourish in ireland , i do n't have a problem with big companies because why should you hate something for being successful but when it 's a multinational having your country by the balls that 's a different story . 
  they went full on when castro died , speeches about how great he was and all that shit , back during the war of independence they whole thing was socialist from top to bottom some of the ira were full on communist ( and some still are probably ) which is excusable because by that stage you did n't really have anything to go on in 1921 , by 2017 though they should know it only brings ruin . 
   that was easy for us normal people . 
  death to the kulaks comrade !, 
  that 's fair enough i 'll trust you on that since i lost my source . 
  okay comrade . 
  you might be right i 'm recalling from a source i read that i can no longer find but i believe in denmark hiring and firing people is really easy and in general businesses have basically no red tape on them compared to america where there is a surprising amount of regulations and whatnot . 
   the problems are n't nearly as significant in denmark with high wages and low unemployment despite a literal fuckton of government interference . 
  it 's far easier in denmark to start up a business and get rid of underperforming employees than in america though believe it or not , and the high wages are countered by the massive amount of tax that is being paid and the high cost of living . 
   far as i see it you need the free market but government interference is done correctly ( investment in infrastructure , education and small business ) can help greatly . 
  that can but the problem for me is that is never just stays small , suddenly more and more handouts are being paid and people on social welfare are wondering why are they not getting more money when `` big business '' are etc , frankly i ca n't write everything out in a small amount of words without rambling , so i 'd advise reading books like `` economics in one lesson '' by henry hazlitt , he gives a great rundown that i really ca n't do without going off topic . 
   wages are stagnant but costs of living are rising , youth unemployment is increasing and whilst this minimum wage certainly would n't decrease it i imagine increasing employment through lowering wages ( effectively lowering when its stagnant and costs are rising ) and taxes will eventually lead to violent revolution . 
  now it 's not going to lead to a violent revolution that 's a bit out there , but anyway , all these problems are caused by government interference , bigger government means more interference which happens in socialism , if the government fucked off and let the free market work things would be a lot better . 
   because it 's not ? 
  of course it 's not socialist !, 
  i mean it 's only the socialist party in power with socialist president in a country where basically everything is nationalized that does n't sound like socialism at all !, 
  `` at the heart of venezuela 's economic chaos lies market distortions . 
  petrol is sold at less than 1p per litre , costing # 12 billion in state subsidies . 
  price controls mean that it is unprofitable for small businesses to sell staple goods , creating shortages . '', 
  wow i wonder what caused that ? 
   then what is the nordics ? 
  another failed socialist state ? 
  they are n't socialist for one https://fee.org/articles/the-myth-of-scandinavian-socialism/?gclid=eaiaiqobchmit8vagoi61qivo7ftch1kiackeaayasaaegjr8_d_bwe, 
  sanders is probably a just man , but he does n't understand how things work , now i understand how fucking smug and condescending that sounds coming from a literal nobody on the internet , but socialism does not work . 
  for example sanders wants a 15 $ minimum wage and then wants to help young people get into work , if you have a 15 $ minimum wage a small company is n't going to fuck about with a young person with no experience , they will want someone who is experienced and then second of all they might n't be able to afford it at all to actually hire someone , it has the same logic as `` why not print more money '', 
  world of warcraft gold now has a better exchange rate than the bolivier , a games currency that is n't regulated and is created through enemies that never stop spawning can buy you more in venezuela than its own currency can , how in 2017 with absolutely no evidence ever of it ever working , people are still socialist and communist , it is the meme that just wo n't die . 
  i see it 's another case of `` it 's not real socialism '', 
   a commander in any given civil war is , by necessary , only going to be popular with about half of the population . 
  that makes no difference it 's been nearly 100 years since the civil war , if the anti-treaty side won we would have been fucked , it 's well documented how the ira was running on empty by the time the treaty came about , we only got that treaty because of mick , i would say far more than 50 % of the population love him . 
  that 's true but they never dropped the name , they were always `` the romans '' up until constantinople fell . 
   they also survived because of a prusso-phile russian tsar who turned around his troops and lots and lots of british financial support that paid for a whole army of mercenaries on the rhine . 
  you take russia out and you still have austria and france to deal with , france being the foremost power in the world at that stage and austria not exactly the weakest of kingdoms , little prussia managed to beat them off time and time again . 
   and if you asked many germans nowadays , they would n't say the army is the thing they are most proud of modern germans can argue all they want , germany was formed with blood and iron , and that is history . 
   i 'd reiterate prussia does not equal germany where bavarians for example would be far more proud of their historical figures . 
  what do you mean by this exactly ? 
  as in bavarians seeing themselves separate ? 
  what i 'm saying is that fredrick basically is germany though , he was german he was born in berlin , he made the army with a state , germany has always been proud of it 's army , the army to germany is like the navy to britain , and he made it the unstoppable force during his time , and it is because of fredrick that prussia prevailed in the 7 years war despite being outnumbered many times over in the continent . 
   nothing you said even addresses the point i made about fourier because it does n't matter what i say you 'll just come back really aggressively for no reason . 
   christ , so you even know who he is ? 
  i do , nothing in great detail about him no , but i do know him and his main creations and discoveries , no need to act how `` le smart '' you are man because nobody cares . 
  prussia formed germany though , and it was fredrick who turned them into a huge power in europe and really cemented the great military tradition of germany . 
  seen your post at the bottom of the page you obviously have a problem with great politicians and leaders , and judging from your username i do n't think you are very good to actually discuss things with , you seem the type of person who says `` drumpf '' unironically . 
   i 'm quite sure ireland 's choice would be current president `` literally a leprechaun '' higgins . 
  he does absolutely nothing , you have michael collins who willingly and knowingly signed his own death warrant to bring peace to ireland and create the first independent unified irish state and you pick the reverend from postman pat . 
   d created the hellenistic world which would form the basis of the byzantine empire . 
  the byzantine empire was just the roman empire man . 
  should have been , napoleon was by far the greatest frenchman ever to live . 
   should have been clement attlee attlee has no business being there , if you want to attack churchill for being a prick what attlee did when getting out of india was insane , he fucked the place up and tensions are still high as ever there . 
  have time for hume , bono can fuck off , gately should n't be there at all , mick collins should have won by a landslide , or lemass . 
  so am i , i would have thought him or fredrick ii both being vital in the creation of germany . 
  i do that 's why you are n't allowed into the club and have sit there looking over at us . 
  no fuck off you develop a private sector and then you can come in . 
  do n't be sad . 
  that 's fair enough but i 'll remain skeptical . 
  deleted your reply but here 's mine since i bothered to write it out . 
  i just do n't believe that it 's diverse enough no matter what it says , there are 250 million people in the eu and they are n't a one group of people like say 80 million germans , people in ireland have nothing in common with someone in germany or spain etc , so if one group who are say very pro-eu or very anti-eu in general on a national scale get more people than the other it 's going to be very skewed . 
  `` finally , 68 % of europeans feel they are citizens of the eu , which is the highest level ever shown by this indicator . '', 
  that 's all we have , we do n't know how this question was phrased , or who it was asked to and in what quantities and so i 'm not going to blindly accept it . 
  that 's true for a lot of things , but the eu is made of near 30 odd different countries the people in germany are obviously going to have a massive difference in opinion to someone in england or rural ireland . 
  did n't read lol . 
  i said once and i 'll pretend people care and say it again , the north should not be given back until it is sorted out otherwise it will fucking drain us of money for god knows how long , they are on life support and once the plug is pulled it will fall apart . 
  yeah , they are propped up by the uk , if they left everything would go to shit and it would be dumped on us which is n't something i want . 
  not really , i 'm just saying i do n't put a lot of faith into them , there is what like 250 million people in the eu ? 
  you 'll need a massive sample size for that to be accurate , and i personally know not one person who would describe themselves anything other than irish/british etc , do n't worry i 'm not attacking you special club you goon . 
  i always find these polls funny because i never know a single person who has ever taken one . 
   let 's go get some facts instead , shall we ? 
  there 's that smug attitude , exactly what i said would happen . 
  i was being sarcastic friendo . 
   `` what do you hope you 'll have after brexit that you could n't have had without it '' i 'm not a brit , but i would assume it would be a nation where laws are n't made in brussels and they are n't paying hundreds of millions into a system where countries that should n't be in it in the first place receive that money and give back basically fuck all . 
  look at this , i 'm after writing out once again what i wrote at the start of this it is once again looping around , exactly what i said would happen , fuck this i ca n't be fucked . 
   `` yeah , yeah , something like that , exactly what i meant '' . 
  wanting to leave the eu because it was getting more and more centralized is literally the same as what you said , what else could that possibly mean ? 
   who wants to make decisions , though ? 
  will john doe make any decision ? 
  no , it will still be made by theresa may & co. `` oh , but theresa may represents us ! '' . 
  yes , and she represented you in the eu as well , eu simply could n't build a common army if uk disagreed . 
  people voted for the tories to be in power , they did n't just fucking gerrymander the election , that attitude is obviously skewed here on the internet because about 80 % of people are left wing . 
   so tell me again , what is the accomplishment of brexit ? 
  what do you have now , that you did n't have before ? 
  brexit has n't happened yet you cabbage . 
   `` the principle that decisions about the uk should be taken in the uk '' yes as i said they do n't want to be part of an ever centralizing eu , they want to make the decisions , that 's a blanket term for things i have already mentioned . 
   `` stop paying money to support countries in the eu that just take money and put in basically nothing '' . 
  the money being given to the eu was a big point and that using the money given to the eu could be spent internally instead . 
   citation needed are you serious ? 
  you want a source on what brexiters wanted ? 
  if you do n't actually know what they wanted then this pointless , how can you carry this on if you know nothing of what the other side wants ? 
  i know exactly how this is going to go , you want me to go and bring you articles from wherever and then you 'll just disregard all of that and go to your trump card `` they 're racist xenophobic assholes look at this independent article '' and it will just loop and loop of you glazing over everything i say while you have a permanent sense of smug about you . 
  then i 'll start getting more replies from eu federal larpers telling me how stupid i am , it 's pretty much the same every time . 
   what exactly was the accomplishment that brexiters wanted ?
