   how you can fucking do that you fuckhead ? 
  in the age of internet just fucking lie , you brigading fuckhead pieces of shit . 
  fuck off to whatever dickless discord page you come from , retard . 
  jesus christ man , that is fucking specialist right there , maybe go outside some time . 
  no fuck that all of our heroes did n't give their lives so we can be ruled once again from another country , going by the results it really does show how disconnected this place is from the actual populace . 
  i do n't mean to actually mirror what is happening in britain just have the variety in parties and lack of money grabbing independents . 
  glass houses friendo . 
  he might lie but he 's not fucking retarded . 
   the more intelligent a person the less likely they are to vote conservative/ukip . 
  imagine having your head this far up your own ass, 
  did boris johnson ever say that driving after eating is as dangerous as drink driving ? 
  you do know that boris is n't stupid ? 
  he 's very smart , far smarter than most people give him credit for , he 's not actually the person you see in public . 
  you are , you really really are . 
  sounds like a fucking stupid incentive . 
  seriously ? 
  what an absolute slap to the face of actual workers , what is the incentive of working ? 
  what a terrible system , jesus christ . 
  i am actually ashmashed by irish politics , you ever watch like question time or daily politics on bbc and people are so much more articulate . 
  we have fuck all variety , no actual conservative party or libertarian/classic liberal party just 2 centre parties and socialists who just obsess over unification . 
  then we have independents , basically people who just wait until one of the big parties give them a big pay day , and then these fucking idiots propped up as a protest vote . 
   this sub has transformed in - there are us altright 's trolling swarms clicking down anything which is negative towards brexit , critical to the usa ... `` everybody i do n't like is alt-right '', 
   the ira has n't gone away there are many dissident groups around still and attacks happen quite frequently just not on the scale of before . 
  the ira of 1972 is not the ira of now , and has n't been since about 1985 . 
   independent country in eu honest to god i would be able to buy ni on my own , you would go bankrupt a day in . 
  well you know , helots were always kind of cool . 
  the government already pumps more money into it per capita than most of europe , obviously something very wrong is happening along the lines . 
  there was a nurse who could hardly speak english that dropped an old woman that i know after intense chemo ( because she needed to walk because that 's what you do to 80 year women when they are so weak they ca n't stand up by themselves ) and ended up killing her because the painkillers given due to this fall were stopping anti-biotics from an infection due to her weakened immune system , this is the lovely irish health system , god help us if it is ever fully socialized because at the moment the government already spend more than average on healthcare and this is the shit we get . 
  or what ? 
  you 'll have a bonfire ? 
  jeremy corbyn ca n't even denounce a fucking dictatorship without trying to make people who are actually suffering share the blame because it makes socialism look bad , he is a twat of the highest order . 
   if ireland wants real power over the uk we will send our boys over for a punch up . 
  mate fucking keep ni i do n't care it 's a shithole welfare state that is kept alive by your tax money . 
  holy fuck the damage control over on their thread about it . 
  on / r/ireland i saw somebody on plus 15 for literally calling the young fine gael group the new hitler youth , in total seriousness . 
  same thing then . 
  [ when you ca n't even call out a fucking dictator without somehow making the people living under another failed socialist state share the blame ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/193/128/993.gif ) what a fucking dickhead that man is , for the sake of the united kingdom and overall fucking good in the world i hope he never becomes pm, 
  this fucking shit was n't even good enough to remain a paper , this is basically a ghost that just refuses to die . 
   russia is n't part of europe nor of the eu why do people keep bringing the eu into this ? 
  europe is n't the eu , nobody refers to the eu as europe or vice versa that 's just moving the goalposts , russia also is in europe and while you can argue landmass the actual people are overwhelmingly in europe and has always been seen as european through history not asian . 
   it says a lot about your country when you 'd rather be compared to poorer , non-western countries than to actual western countries that 's because it counts just as much as germany does , you ca n't just go `` no i do n't want this country to be counted or this country '' you either compare it properly or not at all . 
  the last two points are n't relevant so i 'm not going to answer them but off the top of my head i know that the top 4/5 universities in the world are all american and that the us is ahead of most european countries in the education index and that america has i think the highest 5 survival rate for cancer or among the highest and that the healthcare problem is due to other factors . 
  mate the london attacker was on television on channel 4 with the isis flag and nothing happened meanwhile people were arrested for tweets . 
  this is one of the memeiest things i have ever seen , please for the love of god tell me that sweden one is serious , i mean it 's hilarious either way but it would truly be magic with the whole `` sweden yes '' thing , love how irelands new flag is the leinster flag with 4 stars , still better than the one we now though . 
  not him but the ft is the be all end all of papers , they could tell me 2 plus 2 is 7 and i 'd believe them . 
  we 'll see what happens and i will guarantee you fuck all will be done . 
   also act upon that . 
  by doing what though ? 
  the strongly worded letter approach ? 
   the author is president of cambridge university student union 's black and minority ethnic campaign i love how you have to go to university to get that stupid . 
  never that 's when but trust people to act like they can get the damn chair for badmouthing religion . 
  i just skipped to the bottom because i 'm not wasting my time after you moved the goalposts . 
   firstly , i did n't switch anything , i had eu in my head right from the start until i realised you were including russia . 
  secondly , i never got proven wrong in the first place , europe , including russia , is still more accepting of gays than america . 
  not including russia only makes me more right . 
  all you 're arguing here is how wrong you are . 
  the original point was `` europe '' not the eu , not western europe but `` europe '' the continent , and even with that it barely is by 3 % not what the original point was which was `` gay acceptance in the us is on a terrible level compared to europe '' that 's the point that was argued and using the data ** you ** provided it 's not true , and that 's not including the balkans which are n't exactly the friendliest towards gays . 
   no i was trying to compare countries that are actually somewhat on par with america in economic and political regards . 
  some of eastern europe still does n't have much democracy , economic or press freedom , stable infrastructure/economic growth , and you want to compare yourself with them . 
  oh i get they do n't count because it does n't help your cause gotcha . 
   eastern and southern slavs are historically separated from western slavs . 
  for example , most western slavs have their languages influenced by german , and many of them just straight up speak german . 
  they are slavs , they came from the same place , what happens after is irrelevant because they are still part of the slavic people of which russia is apart of . 
   you picked the 3 biggest european wars and then put `` etc. '', 
  because you did n't know any more of them involving russia , did n't you ? 
  those wars only have connection with russia because the perpetrators in all situations decided to invade russia , so russia crushed them . 
  it 's not like either side had strong connections to russia , or asked them to join the war on either side . 
  by comparison , in most of those wars , european countries were connected by bonds , monarchies , friendships , treaties , pacts , etc. 
  the only pact i know of was in ww2 , molotov-ribbentrop , and it was only a `` let 's not kill each other '' pact . 
  i would think the 3 biggest events in european history that all involve russia would count them as part of european history to be honest but that 's okay because it 's obviously not trueeuropeanhistory ^ ^ ^ tm i could also throw in the 7 years war and the great northern war if you want , that 's another two of the top of my head . 
  i just skipped the rest because you changed the goalpost because you got proven wrong  when people say `` europe '' , they tend to mean `` western europe '' . 
  they would be wrong . 
   personally i prefer to use `` eu '' over `` europe '' because of this confusion . 
  so yeah , if you want to be pedantic , europe is only slightly more accepting of homosexuality than america , but in terms of what people tend to think about when they think of europe , as in , the eu , they are much more accepting , by a long shot . 
  i love how it went from europe to the eu once you got proven wrong . 
   hahahaha , i get it , you want to compare the worst of europe with the average of america . 
  because it counts , you ca n't pick and choose what counts to make your side look right . 
   whatever . 
  russia is ethnically , historically , and linguistically disconnected from europe in so many ways , they have very few shared beliefs , entirely different politics , and 75 % of russia is in asia . 
  i forgot europe had no slavs , i forgot that only russia uses the cryllic alphabet , i forgot that russia has had no connection with europe historically , apart from you know ww2 , ww1 , napoleonic wars etc etc. 
  i also forgot that russia is the only orthodox christian nation in europe . 
  are you fucking trying man ? 
   it 's literally not though . 
  75 % of russia is in asia . 
  their background is entirely disconnected from us , their languages are n't even slightly related . 
  the vast majority of its people live in europe , like overwhelmingly . 
   their languages are n't even slightly related . 
  does the balkans not exist to you ? 
  do you just have a massive blank under austria of just undiscovered land ? 
  cyrillic is the standard script for writing in belarusian , bulgarian , macedonian , russian , rusyn , serbo-croatian standard serbian , bosnian , montenegrin and ukrainian . 
   we still manage to be less homophobic than you . 
  is n't that embarrassing enough ? 
  oh and , russia should n't be included at all i 'm irish for one and second of all russia should absolutely be counted , second of all a lot of europe had no data , i can only speculate what would happen if you added eastern europe and the balkans how much it would be effected . 
   the average of all european countries minus russia is just over 70 % does n't matter because russia counts . 
   of course , adding in slightly less educated and advanced areas of europe gives you an advantage , but why do you want to compare yourself with them ? 
  because it 's europe and it counts that 's why . 
   it 's relevant because you are complaining about muslim immigration i 'm not though , i never mentioned immigration . 
   but not christian immigration and people . 
  nor did i even imply anything like this . 
  not really relevant seeing how these people are muslims though .
