  that is when shit gets very complicated , because the ira splintered in many different groups after a while and a decent amount of those bombings came from very radical splinter groups that are n't recognized as being the ira of the 60s to maybe the 80s , they had a policy of bombing financial centres to basically cost the brits money and to get them out and would warn them before the bomb would go off to get people to safety , a weird sort of gentlemen club terrorism and obviously that was n't going to always work out and it led to many deaths , other then just wanted revenge for what happened and targeted civilians which is fucking horrible , but when you look at the stats , the uvf and other unionist groups had far far higher rates of civilian killings both number wise and percentage wise if i remember correctly and nobody ever mentions this , personally the north can stay leached to britain for the time being , i do n't want my taxes to be going to a place that basically has no private sector and basically running us dry , once they sort themselves out i 'm all for it . 
  then i hope sparta comes around soon and knocks shite out of it . 
   i 've seen pro ira comments upvoted too many times to count . 
  now that is a very complicated matter that will get very nearly angry about because most people outside of ireland have no idea what they are talking about when they bring the ira up , especially when the troubles are concerned and i 've written enough times about how the ira works and why it gained support in ni during that period to ever write it out again , people never mention the vigilante groups attacking catholics , the actual police attacking catholics and the pm of ni openly saying that he would n't `` hire catholic to do his garden '' and of course the gerrymandering and laws that made it so nationalists basically lost their vote . 
   the oil boom and thatcher were a real thing not made up at all no i 'm pretty thatcher was real mate . 
  it 's fucking more like japanese imperialism than nationalism `` be part of our co-prosperity sphere that will protect you from war and evil russians and if you dare leave we will fucking cripple you financially '', 
  yeah that 's right mate get 100 % factual evidence shown to you and you just stick your head in the ground and shout `` i 'm right i 'm right '', 
  irish people on reddit are the most annoying and precious pricks you will ever meet , / r/ireland is just a horrible little hugbox that is either constantly wanking over anything to do with drugs or moaning about what the brits did 120 years ago and it 's the same here for the most part . 
  i 've said it once and i 'll say it again , it 's always the ones with the eu flairs that talk the most shit . 
  i do n't know if i missed a joke here or something but i imagined they were on about hitler since he got into power when his support started to go down , that venezuela thing is a bit random though . 
  early blair could have done a nazi salute in front of a crowd of jews and they would clap him , he was an amazing character . 
   avoid the wars and immigrants , keep the money . 
  switzerland ^ ^ tm, 
   this is the statistical gender pay gap . 
  like in `` all women combined earn less than all men combined '' . 
  there is nothing wrong with this though . 
  you used to in the liberal party but that went to shit after socialism became big , the libdems now are just a weird husk of what the liberal party used to be that would make people like gladstone and asquith cry . 
  it would n't at all , even since my day 8/9 years ago schools have become more and more `` everyone is a winner '' type of shit , boys just love showing that they are the best and that 's what our teachers for the last 2 years did all the time for us , it makes things much easier to do and learn rather than `` okay everybody team up to do x '' and you get nothing for being first or whatever . 
  but then again if they do n't want to teach that 's fine why should it be a problem as long as the education of young boys are at risk ? 
  ( which it could be after some research ), 
  a lot of colleges now have scholarships just for women or for ethnic minorities ( i 'm pretty sure those exist ) ucd even uses the point that more women go to the college than men as an advertising reason on their handout , it 's getting very stacked against the lads . 
   lesigh jesus fucking christ what age are you ? 
  what 's edgy in saying only men and women exist ? 
  edgy is saying things like `` fucking transgenders are subhuman trash i 'm going fucking kill them with my bowie knife with flames on the grip '', 
  macron reminds me of a classic liberal from what i 've read from him and that is fine by me , anybody who puts the individual above the state is good with me . 
  not really , i know that there is more to it than what the comment that started this said it was and that it is nothing like britain and ireland . 
  it would be better to ask a macedonian that . 
   explain to me the reasons why the two cases are n't relevantly analogous ? 
  that will ages to write out everything so i 'll do a very short version , britain after ww2 did n't care about anywhere but britain itself , if they could they would have fucked out of ni as quick as anything but a big population of ni wo n't allow it as they seen themselves as british , so they have to portect what is technically their people even though it goes against what they actually believe nothing at all like greece and macedonia . 
  fair enough . 
  it has , for about a month after the elctions he could do no wrong , now it 's mainly negative in this thread . 
  you ca n't compare ireland and britain to greece and macedonia that 's just over simplyfying it, 
  final resolution on paper , nobody actually cared since we declared ourselves a republic . 
   every irishman and his dog flips out over the term `` british isles . '', 
  i do n't , i do n't see us part of the british isles but i wo n't sperg out like the people on / r/ireland, 
  what are you talking about , we 've never had a naming dispute that was anything more than just trying to annoy the brits , and that was sorted by 1949 you know 24 years before we joined ? 
  that 's a very simple way to look at it . 
   ( then again what nationalists are n't ? ), 
  ohh boy this again . 
  the attitude for macron has seemed to have taken a complete 180 in the last 3 weeks or so . 
   yes they were invaded but did n't fight . 
  now that is just a pointless statement to make they were still involved in the war and damage was done to their homeland . 
   there was 20 years beetween ww1 and ww2 and there is 70 years since war between eu members now . 
  why do you willingly ignore that impact of the treaty of versailles and the wall street crash for ww2 ? 
  the german returned to berlin with the reputation of being undefeated in the field , people were wondering how such a peace came about when just a few months before they were within shelling distance of paris , this angered a lot of people and hitler used that to garner support , in ww2 germans knew fine well who lost for a start , also having your country cut in half does that to you . 
   seriously ? 
  ever heard about the militarization of the iron curtain ? 
  ready for war is a lot different to actually willing to go to war , the cold war never went beyonf proxy wars because of mad and other reasons that are n't relevant , no country was war ready apart from america and the soviet union the rest had other things to worry about . 
   not true for belgium or france . 
  i do n't know about italy . 
  netherlands and luxembourg did n't fight in ww1 i never said `` just belguim and france '' though , and luxembourg was invaded in ww1 . 
   it was joke . 
  big wars in europe did n't start at ww1 so saying there would n't have been a third one is ... 
  the franco-prussian war is a far cry to what ww2 or even ww1 was , `` on war '' shows a good explanation on why smaller wars do n't gave weigh to massive total war as the years went on , and people do n't like total war , total war does n't help anyone , war becomes a deterrant more than a means to an end from as the years went on . 
   nothing to do with what i was saying : at the end of ww2 , countries were ready to fight again . 
  so stating that weariness would have stopped eu countries from fighting each other is stupid . 
  what countries ? 
   true on the overall but there was more countries involved . 
  if we go country by country it is n't true for most countries in the ecsc . 
  if you only include the countries that were involved in in ww1 ww2 still has far more destruction and death than ww1 and it was far more expensive as well . 
  it had , lol . 
  on the scale of ww1 and ww2 ? 
  no it did n't and if you want to go that way the eu did n't stop the yugoslav wars , you ca n't say war between small powers trying to establish themselves counts and then say the yugoslav wars do n't count because they were n't in the eu . 
   war weariness did n't last long as it could be seen how fast the iron curtain was militarized . 
  and if it ` s n't enough there are tons of historical exemples were war weariness did n't last long ( ww1 --  ww2 ) . 
  the eu did not stop war between anyone in that period , the countries in the west were all against the soviets as a common enemy they were n't going to start fighting amongst themselves for no reason . 
   and if it ` s n't enough there are tons of historical exemples were war weariness did n't last long ( ww1 --  ww2 ) . 
  ww2 had far more destruction and death than ww1 it is n't even comparable , germany was never invaded in ww1 for one point and britain had n't been bombed to hell in ww1 , ww2 was fuelled by hitler using the anger of the germans against versailles and the `` stab in the back myth '' because the germans beyond the high command really had no idea how bad things were on the western front , by ww2 everybody knew who won and who lost . 
   countries were war weary as fuck after ww1 . 
  and it was the balkan countries that carried that war usually , greek-turkish war being standout and of course further up with the polish-soviet war and if you want to add wars of independence ireland stands out , war however between the major powers did not happen until 1939 due to terrble peace conditions at versailles spurring the german people mixed with the wall street crash , i wo n't go into detail but had versailles been fair then hitler probably would n't have gotten as popular as he did , meaning no war . 
  do n't be pedantic the point is the same , the reason this is upvoted is because people agree with it , if something against the grain was posted it would n't be anywhere near this high up and would be hovering on 1 point . 
  mate read the web address '' . europe.eu '' it 's obviously just pro-eu shite , if somebody posted something pro-ukip from a website very obviously biased for them or ukip themselves you would n't even finish the title of the article . 
  do you honestly believe war would have broken out again for a 3rd time in europe between countries who were war weary as fuck without the eu ? 
   or some ultra libertarian ideology libertarians believe in borders , they are actually very for borders due to the extreme belief in property rights even ancaps believe in that . 
   this could be seen as a parallel to extreme atheism and liberalism . 
  liberals believe in culture and communists are usually atheist anyway . 
   no borders for trade or people  culture does n't matter the only category this lunacy fits into is college student communism . 
  too fucking insane i think you mean , you can hardly think that that communist utopia shit can actually work do you ? 
   when the christians have also invaded muslim lands plenty . 
  the muslims invaded europe first though , taking christain land first not the other way about . 
  what type of olympic level mentel gymnastics are you doing to compare not letting in millions of migrants in to scrapping the fucking geneva convention ? 
  the uk had plans to invade us as well , from our perspective nobody was on our side , the germans however had a history of helping us in our struggle for freedom so a lot of people leaned towards them . 
  because both are valid points , us giving our ports to brits to use only gives hitler a bigger target to attack , stretches the raf and puts even more people at risk and for what ? 
  what does ireland get out of it ? 
  apart from death that is . 
  does n't effect us in the slightest if poland gets conquered we had more important things to worry about . 
  again why would we help our greatest enemies against people who in recent years were our allies ? 
  discussion , the entire point of this thing . 
   i take it that you 're an idiot brexiteer you literally said that brexit was because of peoples hatred of `` brown people '' you are in no position to question the intelligence of anyone . 
  you are n't a fucking diplomat you are on an internet forum you spud . 
  that 's a fucking big if , you are assuming for one that more ships would have been diverted to convoys and second of all you 're assuming these tiny little ports will just not be hit by the luftwaffe at all and then assume if they were ireland would allow british ships to stay seeing how the best ports we have are being bombed to fuck and we have fuck all money . 
  did you just copy and paste this from something ? 
  first of all it 's weirdly written like it was taken out of context and second of all again why would ireland and why should ireland give its ports to its greatest enemy putting its own people at risk to shelter british ships ? 
   most cops are power tripping republicans . 
  they use bogus charges on african americans to put them in jail so they ca n't vote . 
  all that proof you posted really won me over m80, 
   but to say that you could do nothing is just wrong . 
  not really , it would have been literally nothing in the grand scheme of things and might have even helped the germans by giving them a nice big target to land on while stretching the raf even more . 
  at what cost to irish lives ? 
   for one , let the british navy resupply and take safe harbour at your ports .
