congrats on somehow misunderstanding the comment . 
  the eu , spreads the cost of sanctions though . 
  it would not fall entirely on those nations . 
  i travel often cross country to see friends and family , if i book early enough , it is often as cheap to fly as it is to train . 
  this blows my mind but i am okay with the 2 hour journey instead of 7-9, 
  +36 1 302 2484 is the number to call for the nz embassy in hungary ( budapest to be precise . ), 
  if you call that number they should be able to give you any advice you need , i hope . 
  i love that everything in like with the uk is 1600-1800 , but the uk ? 
  no , screw you !, 
  logic, 
  but ... american violent crime per 100,000 is more than 800 % uk violent crime per 100,000 which is more than twice the closest western competitor , 60 % of american murders are gun related . 
  on reddit , where we ask for facts , figures and law . 
  how is this not so , so obvious ? 
  edit - 6 % of uk violent crime is guns , we just really like hitting eachother . 
  a huge number of those 200k are engaged with the subject . 
  getting to simultaneously hit 200k aware and interested parties with one action is absolutely good value for money . 
  my view is a little limited but every russian i speak to is pretty bothered by these things , although i am aware a russian person i meet gaming and chatting in english with europeans is not really a good view of russia !, 
  years of fake elections , economic policy based on $ 100/barrel oil prices that will bankrupt them , reduction in civil liberties , year upon year of lower real terms wages . 
  plus , they do n't have their own blue cheese cultures so getting a nice stilton is near on impossible . 
  i would be much more willing to fight for a european armed forces than the uk armed forces ... 
  interesting thing to learn about myself . 
  the cons will soon be launching a huge we love the eu campaign , their backers love the eu , they just needed a bit of the racist vote not to leave . 
  the referendum was intended to divide and control the voting pool , whilst applying pressure to the eu when the cons were desperate to remove the rights of british workers . 
  they never intended to leave the eu , i would n't be surprised even to see the sun , mail , murdoch news to suddenly swing in favour . 
  if there was demand for it , i am sure people would find a way to open a smokers only shop . 
  but smokers can go into non-smoking resturants , so you deny yourself 75-80 % of you potential customer base and gain access to nobody exclusively . 
  this would be a really , really dumb idea . 
  so smokers go outside to smoke . 
  our freight rail system is incredibly efficient , well networked , one of the largest and most successful in the world . 
  it is only the passenger rail that is fucking shit . 
  to be fair it worked pretty well for him, 
  hahaha , yeah , the uk , dealing with tax evasion . 
  sure . 
  right . 
  i believe this . 
  england specific , there are something like 43 substances commonly found in na food that is banned in uk food because of potential adverse health effects . 
  this is why sugar free gummy bears in the states give you gi tract irritation . 
  the regulation out there is a lot lower and more prone to cost cutting and such . 
  eg - america has fructose syrup in most things in place of sugar because it is cheaper , even though it is demonstratably worse for you and tastes worse , because it is cheaper . 
  you can transfer this all as the answer . 
  to be more precise , it 's a great way to combat children in general . 
  i 'm all for no war or famine in europe , myself, 
  this is actually that percentage of people who bothered to reply from the zones targeted , people with strong hatred tend to reply more readily to such things and as such skew `` unbiased '' surveys . 
  i would n't take it to heart . 
  an englishwoman running a government entirely in opposition to the elected mandate who should call a snap election to legitimise her own position before she is labled simultaneously a joke and a dictator ? 
  i did n't suggest anything except life in the eu was better than life in the uk outside of it for the period of my neices formative years and early development . 
  something i believe firmly , i want her to have the best possible opportunities she can , so i made an objective and rational decision based on available information . 
  you got me real good though , well done , you absolute legend . 
  my sister is scottish and i honestly hope scotland vote to leave the uk because i love my neice and feel she have a better chance at life attached to europe, 
  aside note , there are not twice as many people alive now as their were in the mid 1960 's, 
  i have been poor enough to think about stealing in the past , i have done so only once , almost entirely because of cctv . 
  it was extremely obvious you were being sarcastic , do n't fret . 
   mil mi 24 oh yeah , who * does n't * love bulbous and lumpy , damn it looks like bags of rotten rubbish , so sexy . 
  thanks for the detailed reply !, 
  out of interest , why ? 
  do n't worry i got it, 
  but , we 're the greatest , you said it !, 
  i was n't invoking it in defence of anything , i stated that england created the echr , that 's all . 
  i just think it is note worthy that we have changed so much as a country we are now wishing to pull out of the accord our country birthed , bringing forth massive improving welfare to europe . 
  yes such as the horrendous tortures committed by scientists such as eduard wirths in auschwitz and the infamous japanese `` unit 731 . '', 
  alongside the treatment of citizens , conscription practices and other matters , but mostly i was referring to . 
  `` horrendous torture '' and not `` hanging '' with the words `` horrendous torture '' . 
  the echr enforces , in part , workers rights , so predictably , the tory party as a whole wants to make it significantly easier for companies to control , hire and fire their employees , alongside the usual jazz of changing or minimising mandatory holiday periods . 
  so , pretty much regardless of what they say , they are in favour of leaving because their donors are . 
  i did n't say anything about the contents did i ? 
  just the body . 
  you seem to have been reading `` fake-post '' ... 
  the echr ... which england created ... and force europe into at the end of ww2 ... to prevent the horrrendous tortures of ww2 . 
  the guy in charge of the health care system has a first cousin and an uncle on the board of bupa . 
  an epidemic * ^ ^ ^ ^ sorry, 
  thank fuck they introduced the listing system . 
  i have so many friends on the european mainland and god i wish my country would just fuck off and leave them to enjoy being in a part of the world that aims for progression and improvement . 
  yes if there has ever been something that has been good for me personally , having my citizenship ripped away against my will and reducing my home from the most progressive , forward thinking group in modern history , to a country that has n't represented my views in 30 years , supports tearing up of human rights and in general * wants hatred * is good for me . 
  people really have just utterly discarded the 48 %, 
  my dad buys the mail on sunday for the cryptic crossword . 
  we 're all made redundant by technology by 2035 so its kinda just a head start i guess . 
  i assumed most people just scrolled through their front page, 
  we get to join the same system as norway and the like , its nto actually leaving the eu , so to speak , we are still forced to stand by all eu rules and laws , we just have no governing say in eu policy and subsiquently do n't pay 1 % of ou gdp as tax to run the eu . 
  also , leaving the eu is a stupid idea which is a perfect example of why you don ; t let the public decide forign policy ever . 
  i am ruddy terrified at this `` lets leave the eu '' idea the uk government seems to have , its become fashionable to blame the eu for everything . 
  the world , in my view , needs to focus on integration , as soon as we stop having to worry about being scared of our global neighbours , we can focus on developing quality of life and the future of humanity . 
  whether that be , galactic travel or building an ai that extincts us . 
  incidentally , chinese . 
  not a language , the major language of china is mandarin , chinese is a ~ ~ race ~ ~ nationality only !, 
  edit : dude below me said it , it was true . 
  whoa , i read the title of this and thought i was in 1938 . seriously though , this is not a good thing less seriously . 
  `` golden dawn . '', 
  could n't possibly sound more like a comic book bad guy group . 
  i was intending to convey the situation lobbying is conducted in is wrong , rather than political discourse in general . 
  although it will never be a fair situation when every joe blogs on the street gets to simply pick the best evil whilst the richard bransons of this world get to decide what those evils are . 
  political discourse itself is fine , but should never be in private and certainly never without an opposition present , the us and more recently the eu has a lot of `` of course we were n't buying his vote in congress/parliament . '', 
  morally ambiguous bullshit , when the lives of 500million eu citizens can be irrevocably changed by a decision made without their * knowledge * let alone their consent , something is very , very wrong . 
  in the uk , the current conservative government has stated more than once `` lobbying will be the next big scandal . '', 
  whilst refusing to put in place legislation that will in any way control or hold the firms accountable , all the while privatising the nhs based off of lobbying by a firm they are now paying a large chunk of # 250million to convince the british public it is in their best interest , the irony being double stamped in because of a conservative drive to `` remember the wars . '', 
  with the nhs being the main good think to come out of ww2 . 
  tl ; dr - political discourse good , private lobbying bad , the conservative government really does deserve a bloody good funeral . 
  i literally can not understand why lobbying is legal , at best it is attempted bribery of a person in a position of power . 
  at worst , when those bribes actually work , well , i have always been of the opinion abusing power over millions of people for personal gain should be treason , especially when its lobbying and the politicians actually have to say . 
  `` sure thing company , i will gladly meet with your client . '', 
  willful , deliberate , and frankly rude !,
