do n't mind me , i 'll just be over there , growing my beard . 
  ^ ^ just ^ ^ kidding , ^ ^ i ^ ^ could n't ^ ^ grow ^ ^ a ^ ^ beard ^ ^ to ^ ^ save ^ ^ my ^ ^ life ^ ^ ; _ ;, 
  has any mention been made about rebuilding the stuff that was destroyed ? 
  did anyone get in trouble for it ? 
  and i 'm not asking entirely sarcastically , i do n't know what happened after the monuments were destroyed . 
  i really disagree that things have changed much . 
  albanians and serbs would still love to get at each other 's throats as much as any other time . 
  the people who did that in 2004 did n't just go home and realize the error of their ways , and neither them nor their society taught their children to think any better either . 
  case in point : [ removing that ww2 monument after the whole presevo monument affair this year ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acifztjuwdi ) , which was just a blind outburst of nationalistic hatred , since the monument was built to the resistance fighters of ww2 , who included albanians of the area as well . 
  it was destroyed by idiots just because it was built by serbs . 
  not only that , but you see policemen just sitting around doing nothing . 
  i mean , i 'm not saying there are n't idiots on our side , but saying `` yeah we 've changed so much and become enlightened , it 's those damn peace hating serbs causing all the trouble '' is disingenuous at best . 
  agreed . 
  pizza burek and apple burek are all perfectly valid forms of burek . 
  and that 's what i 've found in nis . 
  burek was invented here , and we still try to lead in burek technology . 
  we 've had this 2009 or so . 
  also taxed are cds and dvds and writers for them . 
  scanners , printers , photocopiers , and anything that can play back or record video and audio . 
  the law was implemented by tutelage of european copyright organizations . 
  i guess they wanted to check out how much they can possibly get away with here first . 
  25 for 4mbit . 
  i 'm switching providers asap . 
  i 'll probably go with orion . 
  you 're also required by law to carry your id with you , they can bring you in to ascertain your identity and fine you if you do n't , but the police almost never do that , they sometimes use that as an excuse to bring you in if they think you 're up to no good . 
  i 've been frisked twice , both times i did n't have my id with me . 
  they nearly arrested me once , the other time they searched my backpack , but they were nice about it . 
  both times i asked what 's going on , and there had been a robbery nearby so they were looking for the people who did it . 
  oh , and once i was also frisked because i was drunk off my ass and a cop saw me ripping ads from a newspaper stand . 
  also did n't have my id on me . 
  the cop was the nicest person ever , apologised a hundred times for searching me , told me `` sorry , but if you were me and saw you , would n't you do the same thing '' and let me go . 
  nato was hoping that people would revolt , blame milosevic for the war , and bring the whole thing to an early close , which was n't a bad assumption considering the mass of protests against him before the war . 
  it turned out that the people blamed the west , they were shocked and defiant and morale was relatively high . 
  even the most pro-west people were n't having it . 
  the rts building was pumping out most of the propaganda at the time , and propaganda was one of milosevic 's biggest assets . 
  the chinese embassy accident was due to somebody accidentally inputting the wrong geographic coordinates , and of all things the bombs ended up hitting that particular building . 
  whoops . 
  the grdelica train was hit twice , with the pilot going back for another run . 
  i was there when cluster bombs were flying over my city . 
  the stated target was more than 5km from where the worst casualties were . 
  the bombs were scattered over about half the city , and its most densely populated areas . 
  we 're not in the wwii age of `` cover it with bombs , and you 'll hit what you were aiming for too '' ffs . 
  honestly , saying that a nation has nothing to be proud of is ignorant . 
  serbia does have a long history and a rich and colorful culture . 
  every culture is interesting , and has bright spots in it 's history . 
  it 's not wrong to like your culture , the problem is in the extreme . 
  when people get blinded , and start to take too much pride in something their forefathers did , and start belittling people from other cultures and places thinking their heritage makes them superior when it starts growing xenophobia , hatred and prejudice . 
  it also makes them easy to manipulate . 
  these extreme sentiments tend to draw from history , and center on the bright spots , but not current events . 
  germany was n't a good place to live in when national-socialism started growing there , but the ideology centered around the past , and some way to return to the better days of yesteryear . 
  it was also easy to convince people that those inferior guys living amongst you or next to you are at fault for what 's happening . 
  there 's variations of that in every extremist right group . 
  the greater serbia movement was basically dead and buried in the nineties . 
  denial of war crimes in srebrenica are a few retards , who get the media 's attention because lolsoedgy . 
  i disagree . 
  there is a problem with extremist hooligan groups , but the problem is n't slved because the institutions are either unwilling or unable to stop them . 
  racism is very irrelevant to the average serb , apart from roma there are practically no people of other races living here . 
  and even concerning the roma thing , serbia is no worse than any other country in europe . 
  the problem does exist , but it 's not as prevalent as the article or you would describe . 
  when an extremist political group ( obraz ) is banned in serbia for violating the consitution for hate speech , it goes unnoticed in foreign media because that does n't make for a bombastic headline . 
  some hooligans boo and harrass a footbal player - serbia is racist # 1 . 
  meanwhile , golden dawn beats down immigrants , using any opportunity they gained with their political increase in power , france forcibly relocates their roma population and extremist groups go on anti-roma marches in countries all over . 
  the problem that does exist with a significant part of the population is nationalism , and in that people harbour grudges against nations from the balkans that have been at war with serbia in recent history , even though they could n't care less about someone who 's from england , france or japan , or the colour of their skin . 
  but why religion specifically ? 
  we all get mocked during our lifetimes . 
  why would someone offending my religious beliefs be illegal , but anything else goes . 
  someone can mock the way i look , the clothes i wear , my lifestyle , but only when they go into religion , the state steps in . 
  you say that anything can be discussed , but the manner in which the guy was expressing his opinion on that facebook page is why he should be jailed , but the thing is , that manner of expressing yourself is allowed if you do it on any other topic . 
  i kind of understand what you mean , i 'm not even religious , but 90 % of the posts in / r/atheism piss me off . 
  i see atheists behave like dicks to religious people for silly reasons all the time . 
  but then again , i see people behave like dicks to people for silly reasons in general all the time too , but they do n't get to go to prison . 
  they have the right to be dicks , and i have the right to flip them off and walk away . 
  laws are there to protect society as a whole and individual citizens ' well being , not to protect your feelings . 
  that 's some bullshit right there . 
  cops love them some roma bashing more than anyone else . 
  afaik he was against joining the eu , but changed his mind in the last second when he realized it would get him more votes . 
  he 's whatever you want him to be really , his party is an offshoot of the nationalist radical party . 
   i 'm sorry that you feel that way about the balkans , but if nato had not intervened more people would have died . 
  europe can not sit back and allow ethnic cleansing to take place anywhere , if there 's one lesson this continent should have learned over the past hundred years it 's that . 
  bombing serbia and preventing it 's forces from acting on civilians was a good cause . 
  but that 's the thing , they did n't really prevent ethnic cleansing . 
  look at the demographic of kosovo before the war vs. after the war . 
  with the exception of the north part there are virtually no serbs living there anymore . 
  there are so many displaced people from kosovo living in any given part of serbia today you would n't believe . 
  what i 'm saying is that while the bombing efforts kept serbia 's military pinned down , the kla was given free reign to burn down villages , kill civilians and make everyone flee from their homes . 
  i 'm pretty sure the serbian military would have done the same things if they 'd not been pinned down , but they did n't really prevent ethnic cleansing if they were only stopping one side , did they ? 
  nato however got a pretty good deal out of it - the largest nato base in the balkans today is situated in kosovo , which has a pretty good strategic position , considering it 's on a relatively narrow straight between central europe and the middle east . 
   afghanistan suffered from a lack of planning , vision and goals not so much really an issue with nato rather than with the people involved in nato . 
  the people involved in nato are nato . 
  what do you judge an organisation by if not by the nature of it 's operations . 
  the bottom line is , an organisation founded on mutual defense was used to attack and invade a country . 
  nato 's european members were naturally less than excited about it . 
   make no mistake , russia is not europe 's friend we can not afford to appear weak to a nation that is fuelling our economy 's and has no issue in turning off the taps to exert influence . 
  the missile shield is ridiculous though , but again i do n't think this is primary a nato concern . 
  oh i never thought russia is europe 's friend , but they 're fuelling the economy throught business deals , which should be negotiated by those means . 
  every country will and does exert influence through business , why is russia special in this regard ? 
  what i 'm trying to say is , nato is setting itself in a position where they are threatening russia in a military sense , and russia is naturally not pleased . 
  is it justified to get better deals on the price of gas by threatening with guns ? 
  if russia were threatening europe by military means , i could understand surrounding it with military bases , but i have n't seen any of that yet , just taking the cold war rethoric out of the closet , dusting it off and using it once again . 
  i 'd honestly like to know more about the good pile .
