  i missed out on a lot of stuff because of it . 
  make them suffer has a great vocalist . 
  that 's fucking metal, 
  it does n't tell when they start but try musixmatch . 
  it syncs lyrics to the songs, 
  i like louis c.k. 
  it is but it 's still sick as fuck . 
  the singing parts remind me so much of enter shikari for some reason . 
  dat framerate doe, 
  yeh . 
  he 's the hypest . 
  holy crap did you see that guy go through the table ? 
  the facility is fine with it . 
  but be careful ... you never know when * they * might send an [ anti-bootleg bot ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dipbv1i.gifv ), 
  do the wew, 
   bain : alright gang ... whatever you do ... do not pursue lu-bu, 
  but muh nanomachines !, 
  my brain does not get what i 'm seeing here . 
  this is probably what it feels like to look at cthulhu, 
  * `` you would n't download the necronomicon . 
  thank mr skeltal, 
  the dislikes do n't matter at all . 
  he 's still getting views . 
  and yeah . 
  people are stupid . 
  it 's just a thing that jordan does . 
  this mene is dead on arrival imo : ^ ), 
  see wat i did there ? 
  have to agree with the other guy ... nexon is the only company i legit hate . 
  i want the whole game to be a big citadel dlc . 
  420 blaze it i guess ... 
  taken from the beginner 's guide and i pretty much agree . 
   suicide season ( 2008 ) : this is bmth 's bridging album , bringing in elements of their first two releases , as well as introducing things that have stuck since . 
  notable is the emphasis on being melodic . 
  bmth bring in choruses and singalongs , often accompanied by catchy riffs . 
  breakdowns still live , and they do n't shy away from getting very heavy . 
  oli 's vocals ( which people were piiiiiissed about ) get very much more metalcore , as he yells his way through most of the record , compared to showing off his range on cyb . 
  aside from that , i think that the guitar work on this album , which shows off the band 's slipknot influence , is one of the most major changes . 
  the style of riffing is very groove oriented , and emphasizes quality rather than technical quantity . 
  electronics are also brought in in this release , though more in a `` nu-metal '' way than they are used now . 
  the album is a lyrical step up , as well , as oli begins to write about personal issues and feelings ( that are n't just anger ! ) . 
  if there was any real `` starting point '' for the band , i believe that this would be it . 
  it provides a nice mix of their different sounds throughout the years , and allows you to go either backwards or forwards in their catalog . 
  tpiy is alright . 
  ai640 is the fucking hypest shit i 've heard in a long time . 
  looking at something `` complex '' also helps ( in my case at least ) . 
  i have weird line patterns on my ceiling and i get easily lost in thought when i 'm lying in my bed and looking straight up there . 
  [ we 've been debating if we should come out and say our * body count * ], 
  ahh ... yeah . 
  1st one was literally me . 
  crappy idea . 
  2nd one was an edgelord demon . 
  i was 15 dammit . 
  3rd one was an alien . 
  he was the voice of reason but he kinda died off . 
  nil is staying with me till the end . 
  and please do n't push the `` you killed them '' stuff on us . 
  we do n't have a lot of remorse or empathy . 
  now i want a complex drug mod . 
  breaking bad in skyrim, 
  jet steel ca n't melt beam fuel, 
  hey so you 're like an intern expert , right ? 
  what the hell do they eat ? 
  every time i try to feed them they throw up their ribs . 
  can i use lazor whips ? 
  i do n't like raising my voice . 
  i could hire that guy that yells literally all the time . 
  never change , dex . 
  forgot to link this beautiful site, 
  you 're still rong, 
  a potato . 
  ok , guy ... it was actually adamantium ... so ... 
  what is going on in this image, 
  the other one in volkihar looks better since it 's in a castle . 
  i just had sexe in a lucid dream . 
  just zombie them and kill them, 
  pat because i feel like he would have a shiv to shank someone with . 
  woo li was the child of lu bu and a short haired created character in my dynasty warriors 8 empires playthrough, 
  pretty sure that piece of woolore is still strong . 
  i 'm not an optimist so my bets are on concept art of nothing specific . 
  i 'll probably watch some space scumbag tj lazor . 
  [ they 're relatively good replacements tho ], 
  i almost forgot about the bullets !, 
  even though they 're the ones doing the killing . 
  blood ? 
  what kind of bukkake videos have you been watching ? 
  what if 2 bands used same lyrics on different songs ? 
  holy shit is he going super saiyan ? 
  context : team four star came up with new head canon in their dbz xv let 's play . 
  there is one actually with miniguns and stuff . 
  i think ... maybe i was dreaming, 
  i really like it . 
  it reminds me of northlane . 
  if you 're not a fan of screaming and unclean vocals `` node '' has a lot more cleans than the old albums with adrian . 
  it was pretty meh to me as well but his voice grew on me . 
  i hope you get diarrhea you fuckign bastart, 
  how about this ? 
  do n't * look * at the wall . 
  as in ... do n't focus on it . 
  just keep your eyes open .
