  `` 2 alien narutos '', 
  ca n't wait for the sequel `` we 're wolves '' . 
  vildhjarta 's latest album sounds like garbo, 
  defs a snob, 
  it sounds like a dnd monster, 
  did i miss one season ? 
  i do n't remember that or the famous cat mittens . 
  what season is that ? 
  to me it 's like that ' a the spirit . 
  not what i wanted but it 's pretty good for what it is . 
  i 'm the opposite . 
  will it be before s3 as a prequel or before as in time travel tho ? 
  is that legal ? 
  seems like a big exploit, 
  we suck up capture targets ... so there 's that too . 
  they can do it . 
  please tell me what 's happening . 
  i 've been catching up on vidya games and did n't watch the videos . 
  i like it this way more, 
  when assassination is your business it 's not that bad . 
  [ the best it 's gon na get ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gk9ccs1m5tu ), 
  explain like i 'm 5 : chim, 
  so basically existential crisis but you become omnipotent , whatever that means in tes . 
  here 's what i do n't get . 
  do you get teleported to another plane of existance or do you just lay there in bed thinking about life ? 
  confused , aroused , honored , homicidal and suicidal . 
  dammit !, 
  i really like that idea . 
  but there 's always more that could be done . 
  like the nemesis system from shadow of mordor . 
  that mechanic could make the repetitive quests so much better . 
  example : `` go retrieve these magic books . 
  watch out tho !, 
  there be bandits there ! '', 
  you whack some jobbers and encounter the chief , he threatens you , you whack him a bit and burn his beard off . 
  you take the books back and get money . 
  next quest is pretty much the same . 
  damn . 
  but wait !, 
  the chief survived and learned some magic . 
  he has fire resistant armor and can zombify his dead friends . 
  that 'd be great . 
  i believe in the theory but i ca n't help feeling like a fool . 
  getting deeper into metal . 
  looking for something like behemoth . 
  one of my favorite things about them are the lyrics . 
  i like nergal 's colorful vocabulary . 
  and please , something recent that has audio quality . 
  it 's really off putting when it sounds like an old radio . 
  i know about the raw sound deal . 
  but i really like hearing every string and the vibration of screams and growls . 
  hentai foundry . 
  i 've only written stuff for school but the idea of doing something on my own has crossed my mind a few times recently . 
  my teacher said that i could be an actual writer so there 's that . 
  i do n't think i need motivation , i 'm just lazy . 
  but i kind of wan na do it even if it 's just for myself . 
  how the hell does anything exist ? 
  what if nothing ever existed ? 
  i love thinking about nothingness and ending up nowhere with it every time . 
  just how time is relative to the observer ? 
  there might be aliens that see everything in wireframe, 
  my mom does n't believe in left and right socks . 
  they 're all the same to her . 
  it baffles me, 
  the rebels scum stormed the downed freedom star and killed many brave troopers . 
  ^ / r/empiredidnothingwrong, 
  brutiful ? 
  i like this word . 
  the ones i 'm wearing do n't feel or look the same when you switch them . 
  itachi is cool , right ? 
  this could be cool too ? 
  please be cool, 
  ** i do ** . 
  that was fucking weird . 
  they did n't even really deal with the fact that naruto got deapthroated by a crow . 
  i 'm not arguing about this anymore . 
  that thread is a goldmine . 
  thanks , guy . 
  memekids will flood us . 
  vote for trumperino so we can build a wall too, 
  unlimited money ... sounds sweet, 
  man ... 
  i wish i liked this game . 
  i did n't like any part of it sadly . 
  the story and the setting is boring and the dice combat is really not my thing . 
  is a group of trumps a `` trumpede '' ? 
  looks like a cerberus armor from mass effect, 
  the god damn cleans . 
  what is that accent ? 
  found this lying around from around a year ago http://imgur.com/nl2p2cx, 
  i 'm listening to lost isles right now . 
  screams are top notch . 
  but my bones grind themselves together when he says `` floorboards '', 
  the edit is from a year ago . 
  the original is ancient, 
  i usually get `` ugly milfs in your area . 
  do you want to fuck her ? '', 
  what 's this from ? 
  i found movies to be the best for us . 
  look up floorboards if you really wan na know,
