  i enjoyed indigo for a bit , then i lost it at the simon says part with the bugs in the office, 
  push it through the wall and all the way for summer slam, 
  i do n't like how bioware ends their games . 
  i do n't mean the gameplay part . 
  the story part . 
  it should be a bit longer , and less pictures , more in engine cutscenes, 
  like ... not die , buy a huge baller mansion for shep and for the crew members , go hunt with garrus , get drunk with jack , research stuff with liara , toss people out of the airlock with javik , draw a hitler stache on ashely while she sleeps , decorate the living room with sovereign parts , let mordin make a cure for the drell and later let him experiment on basking sharks , have pet varren , a vorcha butler , put hanar in my aquarium , drell bodyguard and krogan bouncers . 
  there is no `` real '' reason not to, 
  i hate sunny days , makes me pissed . 
  i love when it rains , or just cloudy . 
  i 've never met one , the people i know are idiots who just like to get drunk , smoke and party . 
  i 'm pretty sure that they do n't even know what a sociopath is, 
  i doubt that it will get better than this . 
  i tried it and its pretty janky . 
  now , im not a modder but , i guess it has something to do with animations and that dragons were not meant to be player controled . 
  also , flying fast around the world would probably make the game unstable because of all the loading . 
  remember that time they told bmx not to beat him up ? 
  70 % of all that salt was woolie, 
  i may be a supporter of kenny ... but you made the right choice, 
  cthulhu saves the world / s, 
  plus , he was n't even there for half of those countdowns, 
  yeah , just like big babies, 
  god dammit !, 
  i really want to play as big bad kenny, 
  just do n't let woolie dress her up !, 
  highly disturbing, 
  the website needs a better player . 
  for now i 'm watching it on yt . 
  what is happening ? 
  i love naruto ... but i really hope there are no more fillers . 
  i wish tell tale games did something like this, 
  i had that problem too . 
  i hesitated to finish it for a month . 
  and then it bombarded me with feels , and they actually hit me . 
  no other game ever did that . 
  i really wish it was like this , constant supply of helium for the voice actors . 
  but its probably just audio editing, 
  do these count ? 
  [ here come the reapers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gq29ujhbixw ) , [ we are one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzhqqbz78-s ) and [ commander shepard ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hey-2ovpf9c ), 
  yelling at my cpu and gpu, 
  dat single digit fps tho, 
  something probably escaped from the woolie hole ... * whips out a saltlick on a stick *, 
  i do n't think it 's fixed , but this guy has some kind of solution, 
  kelthad : too everyone having issues with dismissing matt , pat or woolie i have found a solution which i have tested . 
  i do n't know if this will make them go all the way back to riverwood when dismissed but if you attack them while they are your follower then sheathe your weapon immediately after they become hostile they will forgive you but still leave your service . 
  i just punch each of them 3 times and put my hands down and that did it . 
  with ufo you can set followers to ignore friendly fire or not so make sure you set them to retaliate if anyone attacks them when you want to dismiss them and set them to ignore it when you just want to kick ass . 
  nightmode hype !, 
  in far cry 2 you could break lights , but not in 3, 
  guys , is there a full live vid ? 
  or a list of all songs ? 
  i think pat is turning into that vampire dog from dusk till dawn, 
  ubi , shitlord of peasantry confirmed, 
  they dug a grave already , now they 're filling it with barbed wire and gasoline, 
  i still feel the summer games drought, 
  brote actually got really fucked by machinima, 
  i think he was also in castle, 
  on my end its black background and blue text . 
  night mode off , style on, 
  liam 's childhood will be spent on a machinima document , and pat will probably become that dog, 
  phew ... so my 9500 gt can run this i guess . 
  gon na have to grab myself a gtx soon, 
  fuk ur faith, 
  did n't cybergaben say `` maybe in 2333 ... these things , they take time '' ? 
  here lies pat 's skeleton, 
  with a straw ? 
  cooler than cyclops, 
  is there a swamp with stink lines nearby ? 
  i hate centipedes , worms and fockin ' cock-a-roaches, 
  some guys are requesting a ric flair ama too, 
  * sticks fire axe into the ceiling * dio is fucking awesome, 
  ** [ info ] ** : hype is currently in effect , please get hype, 
  well you 're either gon na give $ 100 to some guy on the internet , or you can ... ya ' know ... arrr, 
  those are the best parts . 
  `` look to your left '', 
  * woolie looks to the right * ,, 
  `` your ... left '', 
  * woolie steps to the right and continues staring *, 
  i fucking love the kleers !, 
  somebody 's getting fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucked !, 
  there is a video of only cutscenes . 
  it 's 5hr long, 
  i wo n't lie , i really want this game . 
  i tired of playing the goody two shoes , i need more postal-ish games . 
  no , i 'm not a crazy murderer , i just like being the villain in games . 
  also kids , do n't try that at home, 
  he actually is pretty shitty , i havent seen a good evil protagonist in a while . 
  what if next year is a reboot ? 
  `` shitstorm '' with a really slick font ? 
  for those who want a full playthrough ( why would you want that ? ), 
  check out inside gaming , they did it . 
  it was a long journey, 
  i sometimes ... 
  i always wish the earth was one continent-one country so that way everything would be equal, 
  the dark souls videos are like drugs ... 
  i ca n't get enough of them , and there 's not enough, 
  it will be * on time * , relax . 
  mighty boosh rocks, 
  next time try playing with som - ... * lots * of lube, 
  more screen time = less blazing time,
