  nice popo, 
  my mistake . 
  i play too much vidya and watch too manny utubes to do that, 
  skyrim goes super saiyan, 
  and go to / r/skyrimmods . 
  they have a lot of useful tutorials if you have no idea what you 're doing . 
  do n't know about you but playing paragon feels really weird to me . 
  the worst game i 've ever played . 
  it 's just a mess . 
  man , i love giants . 
  been playing around with the untamed mod a bit and had a giant in my pack . 
  i heard another enemy giant closing in at me ( probably cuz i killed his mammoth ) . 
  he started chasing me . 
  and then * my * giant sent him into space . 
  '' * your thu'um enchants your nearby allies ' weapons , allowing them to attack faster . 
  that 's pretty shitty if you ask me . 
  where 's the creativity ? 
  i personally use daedra hearts as bongs . 
  it 's for summons too ? 
  well that makes it better . 
  but it 's still pretty lame . 
  the mortal kombat x launch trailer was pretty hype . 
  on mobile ca n't link, 
  he could have gone to highschool with aleks 3 years ago . 
  new spawn place ? 
  thank fuck ... 
  we ** are ** reddit ... 
  so who is this guy anyway ? 
  in darkness all of us look the same . 
  i ca n't see him ? 
  well , i should have a 60s but i dunno where it is ... maybe because i 'm commenting from my phone . 
  not driving . 
  it does n't work anymore . 
  some other faggot shows up and demands gratitude . 
  boom !, 
  take that australia . 
   other way, 
  well necrophilia is still illegal tho ... 
  as well as * these * nuts, 
  parasye , death note , tokyo ghoul s1 , black lagoon and attack on titan s1 . 
  oh and all of jojo . 
  yes !, 
  worlds are colliding right now . 
  but the hat x hat combo tho ... 
  i 'm actually pretty open online . 
  yeah , sure there is a bit of anxiety but not nearly as bad irl . 
  what a nice guy . 
  t'was really spooky . 
  thank mr skeltal, 
  `` i 'll kill them all ! '', 
  oh shit , it 's getting hype !, 
  like ... he 's ... fuck . 
  light . 
  she 's fucking crazy and i love her because of that . 
  kek, 
  they do n't call him jarl ballin ' for nothin ', 
  that 's some high quality shit right there ... 
  worse than a `` witty '' youtube comment . 
  thanks for reminding me that i need to finish the movie . 
  power outage at the birth scene . 
  yeah it was pretty interesting . 
  i thought he was going to zip around and cut their necks like butter . 
  but nope . 
  got smacked down . 
  but i still love when mcs get, 
  murder boners though ... 
  i wonder ... 
  doctor : `` ooookayyyy mr. cat ... we are done . 
  now you can look in the mirror . 
  from now on you 're a majestic eagle ... cat ... thing ... 
  aleks from [ the creatures ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/thecreaturehub ) . 
  [ the subreddit ] ( / r/thecreatures ), 
  that . 
  i hate when random people on the bus talk to me . 
  they do even when i wear my earphones . 
  next time i 'll tell them to shut up . 
  that looks so * fucking * stupid ... 
  i love it . 
  do n't forget to use uber code wooliem, 
  i feel ashamed , but what is the history of `` thesw1tcher '' name ? 
  maybe i know but i forgot . 
  lucky * ( ? 
  ) * you . 
  only old people try to talk to me . 
  this is also how you deliver shit in open world vidya . 
  is this just for the steam version ? 
  if not , how ? 
  well , the predator could be a total asshole and use all of his weapons and devices . 
  or , he could be like that predator from predators 2010 . 
  when he fought against the yakuza dude , 1 on 1 with the wristblade . 
  could be against an archer ? 
  primitive weapons are effective ( arnold fought against him with jank jungle weapons ) . 
  after a while of screaming your throat gets used to it . 
  that 's how metal vocalists do it . 
  would love to see all of them play this at one point . 
  we both got intp . 
  seems pretty accurate . 
  well , i 'm not really emotional anymore . 
  who cares . 
  and logic ... is the logical choice .
