  edit : i did n't mean to make a pun . 
  melt and pour me into a capsule and launch me into space, 
  nightmare waifus , here we come !, 
  then you 're not a pokemon . 
  dude you just mukked in my mind, 
  yeah , that 's dumb . 
  but i just stole this , so i dunno, 
  kids , uhh ... find a way, 
  it 's probably made by a / mu/fag . 
  it 's literally in the picture , doude . 
  pick your music and that 's what you are . 
  what would you call an uncountable number of pokemen ? 
  not the same guy , but these are the search results for ckn, 
  can you get it out ? 
  does it hurt ? 
  i should probably watch this, 
  you should post this to / r/cyberbooty, 
  [ glass him ], 
  i loved widow ep and was kinda disappointed when i heard the new singles . 
  it grew on me and it 's fucking awesome, 
  ze bad game begins, 
  everybody fucks in skyrim , that 's why you have n't seen any, 
  why do all of the bots sound so retarded ? 
  maybe you should n't kill while wearing a fur suit, 
  you should check out cum town - rape science episode ( it 's a podcast ) . 
  there 's a great segment about this, 
  well , you probably should because it 's really good, 
  that 'd be theft . 
  you have to copy it, 
  in the shape of a skull, 
  look how salty they are in the preview video comments, 
  it 's raining cum, 
  all aboard the dongsnap train !, 
  the wall just got 10ft wider !, 
  rip, 
  binging that series a few weeks ago was one of the best things i ever did, 
  it is my canon . 
  i only know about what the factions are , and i read about all the crazy shit spess mehreens have inside their bodies . 
  and i looked at some slaanesh pictures, 
  man , i love anime but i * love * shitting on anime . 
  most of it is like a dumpster fire but sometimes there are good things in the dumpster like logh . 
  i already had psijump so i just got a bunch of research points . 
  i was pretty much fucked . 
  a fe neighbor put a leash on me , so i could n't purge or wage wars anymore and the prethoryn were already all over the galaxy . 
  i 'm basically the opinionated alt chick, 
  well , shit . 
  first thing i see is people digging the new darke complex album and vincent in the thread . 
  seems like a cool place, 
  warscore should go imo . 
  i cleaned up like 3 enemy fleets with no casualties got like 3 % . 
  they destroyed my mining stations and i 'm at -1 % . 
  ok , friend, 
  could be a feminine penis . 
  nothing gay about that, 
  i 'm saying ... that if i did that i could imagine that it 's a feminine penis . 
  and that i 'm not gay at all . 
  i 'm not gay . 
  i like drawn girls with dicks . 
  100 % do n't like dudes , i checked . 
  is n't that version shit ? 
  all i know is , i like girls with dicks ( vag is not required but welcome ) , because dicks shoot goo and that 's kinda hot . 
  * `` probs cause your sexuality is definatly not as straight as you might hope . 
  it might not be pride parade in a jockstrap gay but ya aint scared of a penis . 
  welcome to anime_irl . '', 
  i just do n't like war in general in stellaris . 
  what kind of omnipotent apex being is stopping me from getting all of the planets ? 
  there 's probably more things i ca n't think of right now . 
  sounds like a stupid argument but i 'm so mildly annoyed right now . 
  god . 
  not shown in game - ethan doing the sleeper hold on jason, 
  there should be a government like the prethoryn . 
  they said i could be like the zerg or the tyrannids . 
  and then i play the game and it 's like ... 
  my fungoid warmongering materialist empire is n't that much different from those peaceful bird guys . 
  there some fine classical music on [ that page ] ( http://owlgrenade.com/pepe/pepe%20gallery.html ), 
  i was expecting ear rape and things like that . 
  it was quite pleasant, 
  the galaxy is gon na roll me, 
  they should get a different outline color or something . 
  whatever it is , it needs to stand out, 
  good ... now do it again !, 
  i said that i would quote you that one time . 
  your quote will always be in my res macros folder . 
  forever, 
  i think you should be able to switch your ethos late game . 
  centuries of warmongering should be able to fuck you up, 
  i do n't care about victory conditions . 
  i want more things to do in stellaris . 
   live with the fact that the only bug to be squashed is you as a ruler, 
  sounds like something a future purge victim would say, 
  nick is the leader . 
  he 's the cumdad, 
  try rings of saturn , make them suffer and carnifex . 
  maybe even vildhjarta if you want some sick heavy djents, 
  i was on team sevenbase for a while but then i found out about the powers of bodyslide . 
  what does uunp offer ? 
  one of my favorite albums this year . 
  every song is good , even the rap ones . 
  moth tracy sounded weird at first but i really like him now . 
  i have like 4 orange empires in my game .
