  it 's basically digital rape . 
  did you replay it with the dlcs ? 
  the extended cut makes it not so horrible , but who fucking cares about the ending anymore . 
  the best dlc is citadel . 
  you 'll have feels, 
  dude . 
  if you love shepard and his crew members you wan na play citadel . 
  i do n't wan na spoil anything but i loved every moment of it . 
  it 's different from the usual save the galaxy stuff . 
  it 's the last dlc to send the trilogy off with a bang . 
  citadel is the community favorite, 
  there 's this, 
  both . 
  i 'm not a satanist or gay but i do love me some baphomet dick . 
  while we 're talking about web series ... people told me to look at arknthology . 
  is it good ? 
  piss !, 
  i knew i got it wrong somehow, 
  stay asleep , cthulhu, 
  i think i 'll have my revenge on you tomorrow with my own curse . 
  i 'm fuckin doing it right now http://i.imgur.com/nz1lewr.png, 
  actually no i do n't like that comment that i just made . 
  i 'll reply here , ok frend ? 
  here 's your free curse http://vocaroo.com/i/s0a9virqqc2u, 
  that was a pretty good charge up . 
  i spit on my monitor when i noticed the metronome at the end fuck, 
  edit : i 'll do more tomorrow , it 's 3am, 
  i did n't even look at that menu . 
  you just made me machinegun my brain with noise, 
  ok this for sure has to be the last one . 
  brace, 
  is this satire ? 
  try soundcloud ? 
  or soundgasm . 
  the 2nd one is for audio porn so i 'd go with that one, 
  also , rip, 
  this is actually the sound of me eating, 
  so , what do you think of the story i 'm weaving ? 
  no not really . 
  it 's basically skeleton horror connected by a loose plot of nothing . 
  imagine an 80s era digital skeleton that screams at you . 
  or something like that i dunno, 
  no i was reading some lovecraftian names . 
  then i said `` piss piss piss give me your piss alex '', 
  yeah , he went to that place with those ghouls and climbed those giant steps . 
  then he met the piss monster that ate his leg . 
  ok , seriously tho , listen to this fucking shit when you have the time, 
  pretty good, 
  yeah those electronic sounds are actually me chewing but i put them through some audacity shit, 
  that 's what it 's supposed to be, 
  i can probably come up with something like that, 
  wait that 's actually a word someone used before ? 
  piss !, 
  too late, 
  look inside you, 
  dooting wo n't save us from their wrath, 
  twonkle twonkle is up . 
  made me think of dead space , but i did n't play it that much so i do n't know what i did . 
  put some clickity clacky mouth sounds in there too , like predator or those guys from last of us, 
  you just gave me an idea for a new screech, 
  i have now . 
  i started doing this yesterday when / u/mega _ toast read all of jtd mods ' usernames at the same time . 
  most of the things i do with my mouth and audacity alone . 
  the only thing i needed from the internet are the horned toad noises and an acoustic version of twinkle twinkle little star . 
  yeah , i watched predator like 100 times . 
  i learned how to do that, 
  that thing annoys me so much . 
  how hard is it to understand ? 
  i remember turning the volume down to 10 % when i first looked at this, 
  go to history and variations . 
  i like to think that they actually did growl, 
  i think there 's too much hair color . 
  how about `` open this pit up you cunts '', 
  i 'd recommend looking at / r/corejerk for inspiration, 
  i ca n't get into the cleans at all . 
  that accent makes me wan na puke, 
  well ... you only read our names . 
  i made a spook . 
  counter spook my spooks then if you 're not too skooped, 
  yeah !, 
  ca n't wait for some spoos, 
  ok , let 's see it . 
  yeah , it should warn you when you 're doing really stupid shit, 
  sounds like a fun time . 
  you gon na resurrect it or give birth to a new one ? 
  how did you get that wau wau waaau * waaauuuu * at the end ? 
  i 'll try to make something good tomorrow . 
  i found some good shit, 
  oh yeah , did n't link to the [ shit ] ( https://djen.co/ ) . 
  you can make some good fucking chuggies, 
  i think it 's refreshing to hear a voice that 's not a young british guy, 
  i love how many of you got tricked by that, 
  it might come to pc but it 's not confirmed . 
  the unbidden and their friends is the only real thing imo . 
  ruggu * raaaah * ( throws a stone at you ), 
  i love bouncing on my boy 's dick while watching his videos, 
  i do n't think you know what you 're talking about , friend ... 
  looking at this place for more than 10min is like getting acid slowly injected into my brain . 
  your post was too long by the way , doud . 
  lose what exactly ?
