  the only thing you really need to know is that handsome jack and his company are the best/worst . 
  pretty much self contained . 
  i watched bro team pill `` play '' minecraft story mode drunk . 
  the voice acting is n't great . 
  and he missed almost every qte on purpose and nothing happened . 
  even the conversation options and the choice parts . 
  i like the bewbs but fuck those eyes , man . 
  her hair and lips are all anime 'd up too . 
  it 's too much . 
  i shit talked minecraft but i do n't even care in the case of borderlands . 
  it 's the hypest and funniest game i played in a while . 
  the arnlod-esque muscles are tempting but it 'll make you a pooping machine for a few days . 
  i 'm not even mad that it 's gone . 
  we imagine ourselves as the band . 
  with a few wonderland characters to fill in the spots . 
  ~ ~ cock ~ ~ intern fights ? 
  intern fights . 
  the most cowardly video yet . 
  the sync is out of sync , they 're not using real money and they 're not even playing games . 
  the best . 
  seconded asura 's wrath . 
  but i hope they play the new naruto next year . 
  * this * is what i 've wanted . 
  the intro music is kinda meh , imo . 
  and obsidian makes better bethesda games than bethesda . 
  weird world . 
  on a scale of 0/cancer how good are the comments ? 
  i feel sick every time i look at them, 
  you have saved yourself then . 
  do n't look at them . 
  makes you think too . 
  got ta move the view around like a music video . 
  focus on drummer then a little bit on the vocalist then a closeup of the guitars . 
  throw in a jumping crowd to make cooler . 
  yt is aggressive cancer . 
  but there are some good comment sections . 
  two best friends ' channel . 
  the comment section and subreddit are almost the same . 
  it 's pretty good . 
  ok , guy ... that 's incorrect info . 
  it 's 18 to watch nsfw stuff . 
  maniac . 
  sounds like a sonic `` oc '' when tou say it like that, 
  you can try winging it with google to get an unique name . 
  try not to get a cool name that 's already taken by a company that sells gardening tools or something . 
  fuck you , guy !, 
  you 're alright , guy . 
  nope . 
  that 's just a cool fantasy . 
  like ninite ? 
  do me next , mr. anagram, 
  find a pretty mod and change the stats . 
  look at celldweller 's studio . 
  the tips of his fingers are weird but he still makes crazy music . 
  / r/wackytictacs, 
  there 's nothing bad about john cena, 
  i 'm a rustling fan . 
  but also a man of memes . 
  crops or peypeys ? 
  why a warning ? 
  what 's wrong with tvt ? 
  i think it 's fun . 
  / r/loadingicon, 
  if there 's a modder or animator here : is there something different about animating 2 hands vs the whole body ? 
  oh i knew about that . 
  i thought it was another dumb `` we have to hate this because the creator is this and that '' thing . 
  do me . 
  but they needed that 11/11/11 date tho . 
  there 's no time !, 
  how many dicks does he have ? 
  like the ones over at / r/jerktalkdiamond, 
  it would suck but i would recreate nil . 
  we 've fot the same morals so she 'd be fine with it . 
  the memories are there so she would know what happened . 
  psycho mantis is from devil may cry , you dum dum . 
  i thought you were meme-ing . 
  i was wrong . 
  forgive me . 
  vegeta 's dad has at least 5 dicks . 
  so that means that this zubaz is super strong . 
  the original vegeta . 
  team four star 's new dbz lore . 
  more dicks = stronger saiyan . 
  i 'm fangirling really hard right now at 2am in the bed . 
  i hope it does n't suck . 
  i 'd probably still like it since predator is the best thing ever . 
  i thought spy kids 3d was good when i was 10 ... 
  what about kicking them in the shin ? 
  the complaints are just trolls . 
  ignore them . 
  put it on the speaker , actually . 
  intern screams fill me with joy . 
  are we always in a state of emergency ... or is it just another day and snafu ? 
  bro team pill did . 
  his name is john cena . 
  why even ask for money at that point . 
  i 've heard someone say `` here , i 'll use my credit card '' . 
  the rs were perfect . 
  i love you guard senpai . 
  i fucking hate them .
