  it 's your dream and nobody is getting hurt . 
  if you can break the rules of reality , why would you care about man made laws ? 
  gon na be honest . 
  i was the predator in of my dreams and i ripped a couple of heads off . 
  it felt ... nice but i would n't do it irl . 
  it 's ... definitely not a mod for a legit playthrough . 
  you either die a hero , or live long enough to post dank memes . 
  i know what you mean ... 
  i activated it after i finished the main quest , dlc and some other ones . 
  i did it for role play . 
  because i always play as the villain , my mission was to kill everything in skyrim . 
  * laughing like a maniac in the distance * yep !, 
  this is what we 've wanted !, 
  i waited this long . 
  i 'll wait some more ... * muffled screaming *, 
  you can use it as a weapon of revenge . 
  just do it next year . 
  i feel like i 've been galick gunned, 
  i know that `` i 'm done '' feeling . 
  it 's 2am and i 'm testing mods . 
  some shit happens and game shits itself . 
  * screw this i 'm going to sleep . 
  i like watching people getting salty over new reptile . 
  * loud sweating *, 
  hey , remember that time when spidermayyn killed mj with his rayydioactive sperm ? 
  lmao . 
  / unayy that actually happened , google it / ayy, 
  hey , remember that time when spidermayyn killed mj with his rayydioactive sperm ? 
  lmao . 
  / unayy that actually happened , google it / ayy, 
  i also think it 's weird that he wears everyday clothes while the rest of the guys wear black and ripped stuff . 
  holy crap , what was that called again ? 
  yeah !, 
  cyberdogs !, 
  birds can fly ... so ... 
  * muffled scream *, 
  what 's wrong with 3se for pc ? 
  i did n't have any problems with it . 
  * vergilgasm *, 
  this one is actually , really ok . 
  it 's fiiiine though, 
  my journal is very vague . 
  it goes something like this :, 
  this happened . 
  was here . 
  lost ... again . 
  night . 
  looked at phone , 2pm . 
  waiting for bus ? 
  i was convinced that there was a cock-a-roach in ny room . 
  i spent about 10min searching for it like an animal . 
  false alarm . 
  dream was about hunting xenomorph cockroaches outside at night . 
  i have n't seen hyper realistic blood in a while, 
  well , death note and code geass changed my way of thinking but not my * life * . 
  played video games before and after . 
  now i just hate the world a little more . 
  finished the original manga and now i 'm reading : re . 
  i was unsatisfied by the ending in the original , but shit is getting super cool now in : re . 
  also berserk . 
  and i tried gantz , but the protagonist has a weird face in the manga . 
  i want to find out what happens at the end of naruto by reading the manga , but i just do n't care anymore . 
  i hate kids . 
  did bmth ever play empire live ? 
  it 's your job as an op , you wanker . 
  raids !, 
  when ? 
  du du du du, 
  will the player be able to become a corrupted guard ? 
  also ... raids on khajiit skooma operations ? 
  kaneki , jason , nico , haise and the list goes on . 
  your mod could make me go back to skyrim . 
  looking forward to it . 
  i hope they resist arrest . 
  if they meet herobrine again ... gon ' be good . 
  my sister ayys and lmaos now too . 
  it 's really easy to ayy someone to lmao, 
  i listened to some before switching to metalcore . 
  what 's wrong with deathcore ? 
   daily reminder that this game is coming ~ ~ , soon ~ ~, 
  the only pizza delivery girl that i know of is the girl from that umemaro 3d video . 
  ok , which motherfucker here is watching the chinese cartoon known as `` jojo 's bizarre adventure '' ? 
  op please update on your progress with their social links, 
  the song is ... really generic and has nothing to it . 
  they should get nightmare or falilv . 
  you 're leonardo da ninja ? 
  i 've only read that weird hentai manga . 
  i think ? 
  how do you make lenny face ? 
  ? v im phone btw ) : ^ ), 
  i picture him as a retired vet in a wheel chair or something . 
  then his son shows up asking for advice on how to take down preddie with his crew . 
  pretty much black ops 2, 
  ~ ~ i hope the next mass effect wo n't have that cowboy animation . ~ ~, 
  edit : this opinion is outdated, 
  cool !, 
  i spit on phone at the triggered part . 
  there was a thread about this before , but ... op did n't deliver . 
  when the mc kills he says `` eye for an eye , tooth for a tooth , evil for evil '' . 
  kaneki goes crazy from time to time .
