  * de-evolves into a fish person *, 
  that 's one of the most badass things you can do , so i 'm on your side . 
  wan na watch predator ? 
  exactly . 
  the blacklisted bands have been around for more than 10 years, 
  left :, 
  bad omens , betraying the martyrs , cane hill , * ( aggressive sucked so ) * counterparts , while she sleeps , veil of maya , the plot in you , make them suffer . 
  right :, 
  crystal lake , fit for a king , silent planet , i see stars , blessthefall , phinehas , ice nine kills , breakdown of sanity, 
  as long as you 're already immortal and you say `` welcome to the family '' you can benoit . 
  hah , the bot got banned, 
  i recommend the battlehardened body . 
  tigersans or diesel variations for beefy textures, 
  the game became much easier on pc after i cranked the guard mouse sensitivity really high . 
  the default sensitivity made it feel necessary to drag the mouse , on high numbers it 's the first little movement that changes your guard . 
  check out art by numbers or assent for more proggy goodness like this, 
  i decided to give it a chance after i found out that [ spoilers i guess ] ( #s `` cia was the antagonist . 
  '' ) , pleasantly surprised . 
  i meant aiden the actor from the plane scene in dark knight rises , not * cia * cia, 
  so when he does n't see an item , he actually sees the spot from another point in time where the item is absent ? 
  i wonder ... 
  does the island nation of japan not know the pleasures of the meme ? 
  what does an authentic japanese meme look like ? 
  the ceo of wolf cola hates dogs , you know, 
  knight of thorns, 
  mr. snip snip act 2, 
  lightizan, 
  imagine a fleshlight mimic, 
  he 'd have to drop his shield and expose his buttocks for a moment, 
  it 'd balance that out by making it really obvious or make it seem really strange looking, 
  becoming the archetype , darkness divided , i am noah , i killed the prom queen, 
  yeah , hisahide and nobunaga had a pretty cool story but the rest did n't really interest me as much as dynasty characters . 
  huh , i guess you 're right . 
  i only have beloved so i barely noticed them, 
  listened to the whole album and it was pretty tight . 
  i do n't think it falls into the category of astralcore that i hate but it 's not something i would listen to again . 
  no nauseating cleans or an atmosphere that reminds me of jellyfish floating in the astral plane or something . 
  but it does n't add anything new to what i 'm looking for . 
  at least they acknowledged it back in november, 
   even though we have been playing keep away with your heart we still < 3 everyone and appreciate all the support . 
  keep working hard at what you love and do n't be afraid to be different or do things for the greater good . 
  who knows if we will actually ever come back , but i 'm not afraid to reach out every now and then with a nod of respect back to each and everyone of you . 
  carry this on !, 
  from their fb, 
  yes . 
  all for immortality and video games . 
  i 'm probably worse since i 'd behelit everything i love . 
  he 's actually eating the behelit with a spoon, 
  i looked for tokyo ghoul connections in ocean groves new album while this connection completely flew over my head and it 's one of my favorite games . 
  most of [ top ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/metalcore/top/ ) got to the front page . 
  the skyrim post was my favorite, 
  funfact : one of funhaus ' alternative names could 've been shitbarn, 
  this is just a dong dong never die ripoff smh, 
  it 's treason , then . 
  hannibal season 3 has a scene that 's pretty close, 
  * it 's super gooood *, 
  my thinking is that we 'll get to choose who 'll be the villain . 
  like a faction war thing and choose who to support and oppose . 
  i barely know anything about the game tho , so that 's just the first thing that comes to mind . 
  i 'm always down for that trope, 
  he 's really cool and tough, 
  the division is on pc because of a petition . 
  but p5 , bloodborne and nioh are going nowhere . 
  you should check out wikipedia on this topic . 
  plenty of theories, 
  how have you not an hero yet ? 
  buy the witcher 3 first, 
  play it on the hardest difficulty and add immersion mods to make it nigh unbearable , that 's the only way to enjoy the witcher series . 
  do games that allow you to build your backstory with conversations count ? 
  the recent shadowrun games did that . 
  it 's one of my favorites because it let 's me be an ambiguously evil shitbag so well . 
  it 's kind of like in the witcher 3 when they ask you to recreate your w2 save file but it keeps going and more things pop up later on and you keep building your backstory and relationship with your companions . 
  i remember one conversation where you just talk way back about your childhood with your brother and all that 's happened and how you feel about it . 
  that was really unexpected . 
  my advice is to skip dead man 's switch , that 's the default campaign . 
  it did n't hook me in at all and the general consensus i believe is that the other 2 are way better . 
  start with dragonfall and then hong kong . 
  another unrelated thing : the athmosphere and soundtrack are amazing , a whole day went by and i did n't even notice . 
  silent planet - everything was sound . 
  music to my ears, 
  while she sleeps has a bunch of acoustic songs . 
  [ our courage our cancer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0adlbhxwe6k ), 
   blazing star final boss flashback, 
  [ ocean grove - intimate alien ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2lo5fyasdu ) . 
  ~ ~ i 've been listening to this on and off for almost a month ~ ~ pretty sure that i 've listened to the album every day actually, 
  pat is wrong and all 's right with the world, 
  the older they are the more scared of progress they become, 
  [ not posting the real ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9bosdhckhg ), 
  shake my skull, 
  [ send it off with the perfect track ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6i4x8pc25ny ) . 
  the lyrics fit stellaris now that i think about it . 
  i 've been saying that we should put the skeliam from the mystery box intro over him, 
  i swear i 've heard about at least 3 slenderman movies and i have no idea if any of them came out or were good at all . 
  is there another one ? 
  do you have a link ? 
  i googled and i still have no fucking clue, 
  i have n't heard a single slayer song either , i 'm just here for the varg and black metal memes, 
  mutant chronicles is pretty much this , just sealed in the ground, 
  you can just grab anybody off the street , does n't matter whose guts they are, 
  i was n't expecting that,
