  does it mess with cracked . exe files ? 
  it sounds great but i do n't want it diddling my games, 
  every time i come here it feels like acid is being injected into my brain, 
  this is a whole new level of meta right here . 
  i do n't want that to happen but it would be really interesting if it did . 
  hey ... that 's pretty good, 
  i wish the anomalies were as cool as they sound . 
  nope , no fun allowed . 
  here 's a tiny boost , buddy . 
  it 's all over the floor, 
  those people make me sick . 
  there will still be porn, 
  sucks , dude . 
  are the band members taking a break or are they joining different bands ? 
  i played as monster and the hunters started a vote to restart . 
  i voted no because , git gud . 
  the vote failed and one of them disconnected i think and the match stopped . 
  my 2 win streak from last night was still there . 
  i 'm still waiting for a roid series with constant updates, 
  if you like death note then you should check it out . 
  if you did n't see that either , well the main character is a lawful-evil cool guy with mind control powers . 
  i think zach has been slacking as the lovable mascot for too long . 
  time to crack the whip imo, 
  good thing that berserk is known for comedy and moe, 
  i only use mimic as a kamikaze after i hide . 
  does n't make it less sucky tho, 
  i just put one point in it so i can do something while the other 3 are recharging . 
  not with that attitude, 
  i had a perfect setup . 
  one guy got spoidered and two guys moved in . 
  instead of doing whatever wall pounce should do i just dropped down and puked over them . 
  trs pls, 
  as a monster i hate her guts, 
  oh , man you had a lot of time to watch it . 
  i first saw it in like 2002 when i was a wee lad . 
  on vhs too . 
  now i watch a really good 1080p version that i totally legally downloaded . 
  maybe put baphomet in the pentagram ? 
  i hope there 'll be more body mass in the 2018 preddie . 
  maybe they should have john cena in it, 
  i did a marathon recently too ... and requiem ... like why did they do that ? 
  yeah ... they talked really weird in the past, 
  p good, 
  speaking of [ landon ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-b_tduojoho ) ... ai640 part 2 when ? 
  he said recently ( a few weeks ago ) on facebook that the story is n't over . 
  how about some / r/totallynotrobots & / r/empiredidnothingwrong while we 're at it ? 
  looks like we got some lore here bois, 
  unbidden fighting . 
  war , huh , yeah !, 
  what is it good for ? 
  unbidden fighting !, 
  i may regret doing this but ... / r/secretsubreddit, 
  i ca n't believe they lost a war against fucking birds, 
  edit : ayy lmao ... the furry problem is still not solved in that subreddit, 
  that axe ... does n't fit with the picture at all imo . 
  demons are awesome tho, 
  far cry blood dragon had fun with this . 
  `` jump ... to jump . '', 
  ok , it 's an alright 6/10 songo, 
  a tiny tracker, 
  i probably did . 
  my family has like a skull shaped ashtray that nobody uses . 
  i like to take it into my hand and [ run my finger across its forehead like predator ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mjkuwgm.gifv ) . 
  i also make the clicking noise a lot, 
  can we get a bird law expert in here ? 
  we want to sue, 
  when i left there were a lot of furries and bullshit characters, 
  kind of like a parody of scp . 
  i dunno what it 's like there now but when i was there it was set in an underground facility . 
  it 's just crazy science and fun . 
  i did n't expect it to be this hairy and moist . 
  it 's a femeninie dickie so it 's o.k. 
  so when are they playing dead end road then ? 
  at least we 're not ruled by pachinko machines . 
  * those * guys in that universe have it ruff, 
  nice try , bison ... my phone does n't support pokemon go !, 
  ne , not really, 
  gentile tenticles, 
  edit : i 'm not sure what i tried to say, 
  try hand up ass, 
  that always happens to ghoasts in my games, 
  what happened to that ? 
  did i miss the finale or is it mia ? 
  heresy, 
  i 've said this before but alone is one of the best songs in the world, 
  i 'll watch anything kill a cock-a-roach, 
  ratel snek, 
  way better than house of cards, 
  i would n't bother, 
  so what is his thing going to be ? 
  still the shogun ? 
  yeah , but he does n't have sick dreads, 
  i was about to go to / r/hardbodies but then picture # 4 loaded up . 
  anyway , this shit 's bullshit tho, 
  try getting some flac versions of the things you like to listen . 
  mts ' neverbloom and vildhjarta 's masstaden sound so good lossless, 
  [ here 's a mudman story of how he got defeated by our seagull brother kraaa ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=om0rq31xzdk ), 
  the pruld, 
  if i wan na play monster and i get medic then i 'm fucking leaving . 
  i 'm terrible at being a teammate,
