  here 's a confession : i 'm in love with a man . 
  what ? 
  i 'm in love with a man ... a man named god . 
  does that make me gay ? 
  am i gay for god ? 
  you betcha . 
  \\  your, 
  i think torture is just another type of body horror . 
  made to make you wince and cringe . 
  or get a boner , whichever side of the spectrum you swing to , really . 
  it 's subjective, 
  when 's the pc port ? 
  so , who and what is this supposed to be ? 
  [ from a nice song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2lo5fyasdu ), 
  nice , man, 
  the virgin klein vs the chad hyde, 
  what 's it about ? 
  my millennial brain needs a sample so i can come to a consensus, 
  what about the white walkers ? 
  this whole thing is too complicated for me . 
  i just wan na live in a cave , fend off intruders , talk to the skulls of my enemies and play video games, 
  nah , i 'm pretty sure i 'd still play rpgs since i do n't have a role, 
  well , i just happen to almost always be one of those, 
  self deprecating comment about dick size from the toilet, 
  they 're searchin ' me , searchin ' my coch , doin ' cbt , bdsm, 
  silent hill is too cool for adam, 
  racism, 
  impressions, 
  bullying adam, 
  making fun of stav 's body, 
  stories, 
  that 's what makes a good episode , imo, 
  after a few listens i fell in love with void . 
  hopefully the songs are good , because this teaser does n't sound pretty, 
  the first part with the screams is music to my ears . 
  the cleans make me say `` fuck off '' in disappointment, 
  you 're gay as fuck , my guy, 
  hardcore dancing is already retarded but this is just a shitshow . 
  he looks like a fucking aot titan, 
  even in fan fiction she 's a bitch, 
  laugh instead , it 's probably better for your brain . 
  you ca n't change shit , so have fun at least , 
  some soundcloud rapper, 
  yeah ... 
  i dunno about that one , friendo, 
  funhaus is pure , do n't drag them through the taint here, 
  burn them all !, 
  `` aim so low no one will even care if you succeed . '', 
  that 's so computers, 
  i hate fans . 
  they 're loud and obnoxious, 
  there was a lenghty post on / r/kappa about how http://tekken.wikia.com/wiki/katarina_alves was the most actually brazilian fighting game character, 
  the first egg, 
  [ the human abstract ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lq4-q53txyc ), 
  did emmure ever have good lyrics ? 
  i was gon na say that i would pirate it but i do n't care that much, 
  big brains through osmosis . 
  the depression and anxiety have more space to move so it 's not as concentrated now , it 's watered down by wisdom, 
  yes . 
  like bloodletting , it 's good for you, 
  [ his sidekick ] ( https://i.imgur.com/acxiess.jpg ), 
  if i hated somebody real bad i 'd use my tools instead of letting them float into the abyss, 
  same . 
  now it 's just like ... fucking stop, 
  beat the high score before you die, 
  you will be left behind and gamers will reign with a digital fist , you necromongodon, 
  too much cum in the eyes, 
  only p u r e / aco / western `` hentai '', 
  if a girl cuts their dink off , then what 's the point ? 
  might as well look for a real one, 
  kinda doubt people will be able to mod this like vtm, 
  that mission was great . 
  ryder is a treasure, 
  do n't know if it 's the same for everyone who has a stuttering problem , but for me it hangs for about 30s before continuing . 
  then it does it again and again and sometimes my hdd the game is on just disappears from the list . 
  i have to put the pc to sleep and wake it up if that happens, 
  my grandpa shot his neighbor 's cat with a hunting rifle . 
  oh yes , please keep stabbing me in the back ( in a self defense situation , of course ), 
   tfw you do n't live in an utopia where deathmatches are the biggest thing, 
  pure mind . 
  pure body . 
  look at me . 
  this is what real pure man looks like . 
  % 100 blood . 
  % 200 tap, 
  only good sports are where people fight each other, 
  this old lady 's cat was fucking around his workshop or something and he just click-clacked it and threw it down some well . 
  mutants optimized for fights . 
  chainsaws for shins , hydraulic jaws , dermal plating and harpoon intestines, 
  he got fat, 
  raul is an actual actor and izombie is real ? 
  i thought it was a funhaus meme, 
  jon looks awkward all the time without his brooding cloak, 
  like yoda or darth jar jar, 
  this new update is supposed to fix it . 
  i love the fact that you can be a nasty dark side obi wan in that game, 
  how different are the new guides ? 
  i fully modded both games a few months ago and i do n't know if i wan na do it again . 
  anything major ? 
  looks pretty .
