  ah , he pulled the old war machineroo, 
  ayyy, 
  this seems like an episode of it 's always sunny . 
  trying to get oli hooked on ketamine again, 
  never shoulda come here !, 
  man , heart-on is such a good celldweller song, 
  i really like it . 
  but wild fire coulda been * wilder * and tears fall was eh . 
  was n't expecting the shomo combo . 
  i 'm gon na vote for kanye . 
  `` uh uh eeeh eeeh ... uh uh eeeh eeeh . 
  mods mods mods, 
  can it be a cyborg that looks like arnold from the 80s ? 
  that would be a cool part of the story . 
  an angry mob outside of breezehome yelling `` you took our job ! '', 
  or `` never shoulda come here '', 
  a species that does that as their main `` thing '' would be cool . 
  like the xenomorphs . 
  sounds gay, 
  i designed an original-ish body for myself . 
  and it 's always in 3rd person . 
  i 'm usually just sitting on the couch . 
  [ our wonderland is a sci-fi penthouse . 
  kinda like the stark tower penthouse ], 
  only if they talk about bible black or angel blade first, 
  i do n't have the graphics right now . 
  if i did ... 
  i would be deep into da : i , shadow of mordor , batman , mgsv , mad max ... etc. 
  i did somethibg like this once . 
  i 've never seen so many hard dead dicks before . 
  they probably became alduin 's dinner too . 
  whoops ... 
  summoning alduin , molag bal ( just that , cuz it sounds metal ) , draugr tomb , volkihar undead . 
  the dark age of skyrim modding, 
  that is impossibru . 
  in canadia, 
  oh , i 'm just making funny memes in a comment thread . 
  i 'm actually from serbia : ^ ), 
  so ... are you a black white guy or a white black guy ? 
  it 's * fiiiine *, 
  i saw just a few episodes when i was a dumb baby . 
  abridged is so much better . 
  ### rape, 
  i wonder what is make them suffer going to do next . 
  the story of lord of woe is one of the reasons i listen to them . 
  no u, 
  if you saw the music videos for old souls you 'll see the person in the dark robe . 
  that 's lord of woe . 
  the ep and neverbloom are about him . 
  and in old souls he is inside soldier 's head . 
  he basically destroys his life . 
  there is a thread in / r/deathcore that explains a lot . 
  that 's exactly how i feel . 
  it 's poop but i * have * to finish it . 
  i could manga it from here but i do n't wan na bother . 
  i 'll just watch as it comes out and skip the filler . 
  concussive shot fired, 
  stress and negative thaughts cause facial scarring . 
  yeh . 
  and he 'll name your son `` boruto '' . 
   zack continues to be the * only * professional-looking member of the zaibatsu . 
  no idea but boruto sounds like a shitty russian knock off, 
  hitler looks really cool , eh ? 
  his cheeks ? 
  like a chelsea smile or ... ? 
  it 's fiiiiiine, 
  it 's lack of empathy , friend . 
  the nazis would 've probably invented psycho powers . 
  damn jews ruined it, 
  ca n't argue with that . 
  i think it 's burnie from rooster teeth, 
  you 'll eat anything ... 
  but how much of it can you eat in the frozen time ? 
  [ whisper kick ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/ap4ur-jshi0?t=30s ), 
  seriously where are the rpgs with an evil path ? 
  it 's all just being a jerk or a shining knight . 
  i know about them . 
  i was talking about new releases . 
  the last game with an evil ending i played was shadowrun dragonfall . 
  it does give bad press . 
  and sales . 
  the devs knew what they were doing . 
  and i would honestly throw up if i did a paragon run . 
  it feels weird not being neutral and/or an asshole in bioware games . 
  i tried to like it twice but i ca n't . 
  i do n't like the slow d&d gameplay ( i barely got through da origins because of this . 
  i loved da2 ) and the theme was n't grabbing my attention . 
  yeah , they 're really cool but it 's not what i 'm looking for . 
  i put on phinehas , girugamesh , motionless in white 's reincarnate , while she sleeps and ai640 . 
  as for other genres ... 
  i put on meshuggah , amaranthe , cradle of filth , ghost and behemoth . 
  or the instrumental version of the entire celldweller discography . 
  patches were released and they improved performance and added more graphics options . 
  and the newest patch added a survival mode . 
  i started playing it for the * evil * shit . 
  i finished it because i could n't get enough of notem portant 's edgelord voice . 
  the writing is the best worst . 
  yeah pretty much . 
  i really wish i could like it though .
