  he was probably drunk . 
  do you mean count your blessings or there is a hell ? 
  cyb is the deathcore one . 
  suicide season and there is a hell sound similar . 
  i do n't belive you ... 
  when are we gon na get greenscreen nudes ? 
  everyone has pink eye ... time for me to go to bed . 
  damn dude . 
  jamaica looks like woolie from tbf, 
  can gamers fund the creation of a new island ? 
  move away from these stupid people ? 
  imagine if that actually came true ... gabe newell as the king ... ubisoft would probably be exiled on arrival, 
  i thought he was the little girl in the picture that woolie is wearing ... 
  if batman was in star wars , i bet it would be shaped like a bat . 
  they give me a weird feeling of nostalgia , i like them a lot . 
  looks really cyberpunk-ish, 
  it 's a stupid reason tho , but whatever . 
  10 is better than 9 . 
  yes , this is it . 
  now i can die happy . 
  at least they 're not pubes . 
  i think immersive armors is `` realistic '' . 
  also , perkus maximus . 
  when you run the perma patcher it will give modded armors and weapons to npcs in the world . 
  so ... what will they record for the hub when there 's is n't anything significant going on ? 
  fuck yeah , street fighter . 
  another chance for woolie to get bodied by daigo . 
  yeah ... 
  i 'm just being a dum for not watching the whole video first . 
  it was a renegade choice . 
  the book is * his * . 
  he just bought it , he does n't need to write anything in it . 
  what enb is that ? 
  or if you feel really manly , the mammoth . 
  their breakdowns must be amazing . 
  instead of doing the usual `` 3 , 2 , 1 , gooo ! '', 
  he probably shouts , leaving the moshpit broken and twitching . 
  / r/mildlyinfuriating, 
  praise the creator !, 
  was he blind ? 
  this sounds like something bro team would say . 
  i 1 + for rewatch . 
  did anyone else try mixing the macho and tomas dragon mods ? 
  but they really got ta make the choices matter more . 
  now it 's just one path with light branching , nothing huge . 
  the blue is real, 
  dan is a witness of the creator . 
  the bottom part looks like worms ... nope , fuck dat shit . 
  sucking the fucks, 
  i got ta start watching got, 
  you could get better scores just doing it in town . 
  i mean look at [ rampage ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1337057/ ) . 
  guy killed tons of people on the street . 
  if you like it , try assault on wall street and the new rampage capital punishment, 
  i learned english by playing gta san andreas , and ... 
  i thought the n word meant `` buddy '' or something like that . 
  the one i found requires you to have the master trader perk or whatever because the author * likes it that way , immersive *, 
  i always start as an outlaw/bandit . 
  decent starting armor and weapons . 
  so my fellow creatorians , what do you think ? 
  who will be the first act against the church ? 
  smoking is bad , ` mkay ? 
  dis gon be gud . 
  hello ? 
  guys , a question about the mc in log horizon . 
  how similar is he to lelouch ? 
  i do n't mean visual , but how he acts . 
  is he cocky like lelouch or one of those reluctant guys ? 
  when i look at this picture the only thing i can think of is [ `` i never asked for this . 
  kickass torrents is really good , and i think better . 
  i just started using it recently because it 's so much better organized . 
  geese are fucking assholes . 
  come on , i 'll show you the way back to ig . 
  no , but you should eat some tim tams . 
  pfft . 
  2 weeks ago in the classroom a guy threw a basketball at me a few times . 
  and then i threw a chair at him . 
  i could n't take it anymore , that guy is a fucking idiot . 
  one time he hit me ( on purpose ) in the nose ( not super hard or anything , but i will hate you forever if you hit me in nose ) when the teacher told him to get out because he was loud and throwing paper and parts of pens at people . 
  next time i 'm going to kick him in the head . 
  i know i 'm kinda unreasonable here , but i never even talked with him and he is jerking around me because i listen to music and sit all day . 
  they should put a frame around that mark . 
  `` oops ... '', 
  my favorite thing in blazblue is the quick versus screen track . 
  he * had * a career ? 
  been calm for 2 years and i 'm done playing nice with him . 
  that 's a dern good song right there . 
  same here , except it 's metalcore for me . 
  `` dafuq us this yelling shit ? 
  you 're sick dude '', 
  that 'd be really cool . 
  i want to make fat stacks by making glass . 
  i 'm still listening to all their albums . 
  i will stop if aa goes ( even more ) rock and bmth if it goes what ever drown was . 
  i saw it on / r/thecreatures and thought ... '' * huh * '' and this is the result . 
  i like hatsune lawrentsu, 
  i stopped reading comments on machinima 's channel a while ago . 
  what ever the topic , they take it ** way ** to seriously . 
  i 'm a lot happier since i started using alientube . 
  this is a reference to the sniper elite 3 videos,
