  from the title i was expecting a giant mech but alright . 
  why ? 
  because arnold is in the movie and the predator is the best thing ever . 
  i do n't follow nmm personally but check out gophers video on it . 
  people look at modmail ? 
  [ phinehas ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=78ev84sl2ly ) maybe if you really like the guitars . 
  i really hope they continue the whole lord of woe thing . 
  it just would n't feel the same to me . 
  [ raccoon washing machine ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7rzv31c9kw ), 
  make them suffer - all of their stuff, 
  bmth - sempiternal ( it 's a jack of all trades album to me . 
  heavy , pop-ish , slow , fast , emotional etc. ), 
  and, 
  oh , sleeper - titan ep ( these 2 albums sound so fucking good ), 
  ai640 selfitled ... it 's perfect . 
  who ever made that should just make movies . 
  `` date rape the pope '' - jorl 2k15, 
  this one, 
  \\  jtd, 
  \\  full of people, 
  pick one . 
  or do n't , really . 
  it 's your own choice . 
  you can do whatever you want . 
  i joined at around 500 subs . 
  well he 's not wrong, 
  * raises hand * does it go boom ? 
  that 's all i needed to know . 
  i 'll take a dozen , please . 
  nice pipi, 
  everything i know about australia is based of off the mighty bush and the super best friends ... so my money is on the kangaroo . 
  so how did the exam go ? 
  skyrim mods will be here for a ** long ** time . 
  you can use bodyslide to make what ever kind of body you want . 
  they got ta make a band . 
  aleks rapping and james whitney houstoning it . 
  if you think this is good wait till you see my next masterpiece . 
  the demon bombanana, 
  all that 's missing is the eye of sauron . 
  shame it never happened, 
  i agree . 
  feet are horrible . 
  so early acces ? 
  or arkham knight . 
  remember to thank mr paralysis monster befote going to sleep . 
  that 's kinda cool . 
  and disturbing . 
  jtd is one big fugged up family, 
  thank mr op, 
  i write with my left hand but i use my right hand for the mouse . 
  i was about to go to my brother 's birthday party . 
  it 's the 3rd party in this year . 
  i hate parties . 
  so i was changing in the bathroom and swearing incoherently because i was kinda pissed . 
  i took of my shirt and picked up the new pair of pants and nil was like `` what ... are you doing ? '', 
  i almost put pants on pants . 
  in his defense he was drunk as shit . 
  so how would you get human meat then ? 
  consensual cannibalism ? 
  / r/mildlyinfuriating would hate you, 
  why does it alaways have to be the dick or some other weird part of the body . 
  i do n't get it . 
  denial wo n't get you anywhere , friend . 
  there 's a fifth bonus song . 
  it 's really meta, 
  i 'll deport you to the jtd mods, 
  i feel like we need to go deeper with automod . 
  i 'm just giving you advice , guy ... 
  no problem , dude . 
  the new album does n't sound very special to me . 
  hollow bodies was amazing . 
  i agree with all you 've people said . 
  but the most disappointing thing to me is the whole shouting thing and dragon language . 
  miraak can fucking command dragons to give their soul to him . 
  there is so much wasted potential . 
  what about a shout that summons a skeletal dragon from the ground ? 
  maybe at the cost of some dragon bones . 
  or a hermamora tentacle shout where it impales people . 
  there could 've been so much cool stuff in the game like not half assed quests . 
  but at least we got that cool release date , right ? 
  that sounds so metal and creepy ... holy shit, 
  does it give blood for anything related to metal ? 
  i read up on black metal history a week ago . 
  fun stuff . 
  it 's * fiiiiiine * . 
  i do n't have add but i have ocd and barely empathize with people and i have lots of intrusive thoughts . 
  did n't stop me from making nil . 
  my face when . 
  and nope . 
  not me . 
  it 's james from the creature hub, 
  the plot in you ? 
  i have no idea where the gif came from but god dammit . 
  never thought about that . 
  gross, 
  sry mr dukc . 
  not great . 
  i liked the story change but the execution was garbage . 
  mass effect . 
  the view of palaven on fire looks great .
