  could be him , but i 'm not sure, 
  am i missing something ? 
  best dlc ever, 
  it is the best thing in da , but i wan na see how it 's like without them, 
  great for dem rustling moves , just do n't elbow drop the skeleton . 
  one guy from my school got in trouble for breaking the ribs, 
  paraworld , i do n't remember if its any good though . 
  its a rts with dino units, 
  gta : san andreas . 
  that was my starting point . 
  at first i thought that the n word meant something like buddy ... uhhhhh, 
  oh god ... my pretty hawke is going to be bald, 
  is it frequent or rare ? 
  i. . . this is so awesome !, 
  predator is my favorite movie . 
  if i had internet money i would give you lots of it . 
  and on every piece of paper, 
  saeko from high school of the dead . 
  she 's pretty hype, 
  in the shu ? 
  i fucking love this guy , predator is the hypest movie ever, 
  crazy + crazy = it 's fiiiiine, 
  get hyped !, 
  i actually watched space scumbag tj laser a lot , he calls them toads, 
  i have n't read anything on the companions , i 'm keeping it a mystery for me . 
  do n't forget about the govn ' a, 
  that shit looks pretty hype, 
  i bet jo wood slept with the reviewer to get that score !, 
  oh ... my ... god ... 
  use it . 
  that last one was a masterpiece, 
  dat hair, 
  kome on ed boon , put predator in the game , he 's super hype . 
  also , wooo !, 
  krimes and punishments , yeah !, 
  always do skeletons, 
  how the fuck ? 
  i love watching pat getting flustrated, 
  i really want to see that, 
  n. . n. . no, 
  what an amazing display of fatalities !, 
  is your dad a predator ? 
  i would love to hear that, 
  combos are actually super easy , just push the stick up , down , or left/right and keep pressing the attack button . 
  example : push up and keep attacking , this will launch the opponent in the air , then double tap the jump button , this will make you jump towards and shoulder bash the opponent and then you can continue the combo from there just by pressing the attack button . 
  special moves are done by pressing the chakra button and then the attack button , supers by double pressing the chakra button . 
  also , you can jump around and dodge projectiles by double tapping the jump button and while going left or right . 
  shoulda gave him some big boots , and a piece of meat for a torso, 
  ahhh , the power of ms paint . 
  * runs away in fear *, 
  *** boom *** inside gaming speculation !, 
  * rad electronic music starts playing *, 
  i really want an overlord 3, 
  that was really paragon, 
  i liked da2 a lot more than dao . 
  especially the combat . 
  the combat in dao reminds me of neverwinter ( i played only 15mins of nwn ... never played it again ) . 
  for me the story was just as good as dao . 
  and the recycled caves and warehouses i found kind of funny after a while , i imagine a new group of blood mages/slavers/bandits etc. 
  moving in every time i clear it out . 
  no pls, 
  what are your thoughts on sims 4 so far ? 
  do you like the new stuff and do you hate the removal of some things that were there since sims 1 ? 
  the image just reeks of stalker, 
  looks pretty cool, 
  i just watched the sf4 video ... woolie , what a chump, 
  the mutated pig and the shitty road with shitty grass, 
  these are awesome, 
  who the hell is the mastermind behind those names ? 
  i wonder if matt would ever steal oreos ? 
  partners in cryme with woolie the liar ? 
  beautiful * sniff *, 
  i just hope ea does n't ruin this too, 
  dem cheekbones , he could cheek-drop on a brute and break it 's spine, 
  all right guys , making this work the normal way wo n't work , cuz my country is out of the service area crap . 
  is there another way ? 
  search * deeper *, 
  yeah , spoole knows what 's up, 
  every time you post one of these i start crying for some reason , keep up the good work, 
  6 inches and 8-9 months, 
  it 's better than you 'd think , but worse than you 'd hope . 
  but seriously the game is n't bad , but it has flaws . 
  the developer has potential and i see what they were trying to do . 
  the combat and voice acting are meh , but i like the choices and story . 
  also [ the intro music ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkosqrecs0s ) ... gets really hype a 1:00, 
  call an exorcist and a demolition squad . 
  also the police, 
  those things are fucking monsters !, 
  maybe they should n't have been a big prison ? 
  the next level of dickbutt, 
  imagine if they had horns instead of beards ... maker ... 
  this does ' t exist , i erased this from my mind , why does this still exist , he needs the beard, 
  we can say fuck on this sub ?!, 
  good to know that people here are n't big fucking babies . 
  i curled into a ball and bit my knee, 
  it 's too hype to shit itself now !, 
  it 's gon na be like a horror movie, 
  you should get drunk more often , this looks good . 
  do n't do drinks , kids . 
  i love two best friends , but their stuff for the machinima series is just overacting .
