  fuck yeah , japan !, 
  i love this a lot more than apocalyze . 
  i 'm really hyped about supernova . 
  yeah it 's prada but the lyrics remind me a lot of celldweller and that gives me boners . 
  phinehas ' till the end is so * goooood *, 
  collide unite neutralize terrorize . 
  or some shit like that . 
  if music was liquid i 'd inject this album into my veins, 
  do n't know if i 'm late or if you 're still running on the treadmill but check out phinehas - till the end . 
  the album is sick, 
  nooo . 
  make it good . 
  no emus, 
  pat 's bus nightmare are my nightmares . 
  other people dream of being chased and shit . 
  i dream of missing the bus or getting lost in this place that i know . 
  watch jojo and you 'll get the meem , friend . 
  ** do n't yell so loud , you fuck !, 
  i ca n't hear you anymore now !, 
  now i got ta get my ears fixed !, 
  thanks medibot !, 
  from now on i will shoot them in * where it hurts the most * . 
  is that better or worse ? 
  you 're ruining it !, 
  stop with you logic !, 
  i can feel the salt . 
  relax guys , this might be just * that one song * . 
  wait till you hear the rest and then you pitchfork them . 
  shit gets weird . 
  a girl got on top of me and started doing the thing . 
  then her head turned into a gremlin looking thing and roared at me and i got spooked out of the dream . 
  woolie is salt of course . 
  ah ... my favorite celldweller album, 
  oh god ... why mr. 
  bean ? 
  ayy no, 
  god bless their kind hearts, 
  did n't know that vlad the impaler was pcmr . 
  you 'd have to give up the title of a pro 4chan hacker and become a tublrrist . 
  may the force be with you, 
  while she sleeps ' new album ... 
  i liked all of their previous stuff but i do n't feel anything while listening to the new one . 
  i ca n't even remember the name . 
  i 'm not an expert , i just suck at ld . 
  watch the 2012 animue and then watch the new shiz ( stardust crusaders ) . 
  it 's the manliest and most fabulous thing ever, 
  that 's some rough shit, 
  i watched `` what we do in the shadows '' . 
  that 's my canon ( or cannon , no idea ) dracula . 
  fromsoftware are the ones that should do berserk . 
  one punch man is the hypest shit ever . 
  and berserk . 
  interesting . 
  * eats snacks *, 
  you 're not supposed to say the actual thing , faggot, 
  japanese autistic video, 
  no problemo friendo . 
  remember to be menacing and wryyyy often !, 
  mr. dracula is just sitting there and sucking on corpses while * i * waste ammo and drag interns through the hallways . 
  anyway ... 
  i actually have recordings . 
  they were for the ancient douchebag but his ears fell of this morning ... 
  he is n't that cool anymore ... 
  here . 
  * hands you the tape *, 
  how dank are we talking about here , daddio ? 
  my last shitpost was about jojo . 
  this is n't, 
  spiler : it is n't that jojo . 
  i 'm talkin ' aboot jojo 's bizarre adventure . 
  it 's an animu . 
  it 's really hype, 
  looks amazing so far . 
  the only thing i do n't like is that rico looks like every other `` white male with brown hair '' protagonist . 
  if you like the remix , check out actual [ algorithm ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntq1rvyrzam ) songs . 
  they 're super hype . 
  the stealth archer 's bane . 
  inconvenient weather . 
  i just miss his jc2 look . 
  now you can use cum like a poison . 
  are you trying to ruin his brand new dank meme ? 
  devilish, 
  why is it always pineapples ? 
  i do n't know how big this was but radke throwing his mic stand at people and fronzilla smacking someone with his mic makes me lose my shit . 
  their old stuff i was like `` oh , this is cool , i guess '' . 
  i ca n't stop listening to it and i do n't want to . 
  nope . 
  suck it out, 
  but do you doot ? 
  [ ayy lmao , it 's just a 4chan ruse master ], 
  i do n't like mirrors . 
  they are fucking creepy, 
  machini - ... umm ... who ? 
  now i realized how much pat reminds me of bro team . 
  2 ginger canadians that play video games, 
  that was neat, 
  come on , guy ... you can draw this really hype shit but ca n't make a decent title ? 
  ayy lmao that 's a dank gif, 
  why should i waste my time doing it when i can do it tomorrow . 
  when ever i see dio mentioned on / r/metalmemes i think of dio,
