  oh wow that one does n't look great, 
  well predators fight from any range so i guess he is an archer . 
  and they collect alien weapons so he could have a bow . 
  some of them look fuckin ' sick . 
  definitely using sneak tools and the compound bow combo, 
  correction . 
  it was n't fan mail . 
  jordan bought it but still they have lots of sharp shit in the office, 
  alright thanks , guy . 
  but i ca n't get that here and i would n't want to spend that much money anyway so how about this one ? 
  ddr3 8gb 1600mhz kingston hyperx savage cl9 ? 
  i do n't wan na live in this future, 
  oh yeah ... well i hope they do something good with this game, 
  chrome with res and night mode on but it 's fucked with night mode off too, 
  so ... no jet jenkins/super cool guy in 3 ? 
  this gave me an idea for res . 
  have the option to switch back to the old css ( honestly i prefer the old one much better ) or this one . 
  and i do n't mean the woolie mode way where you go to a different version of the url . 
  it should be an option in the res gear menu . 
  hotline miami is another good murder shoot, 
  what happened to that level where you 're falling from a skyscraper while shooting a red guy ? 
  i could 've sworn that there was something like that in a trailer or an early build, 
  is this / v / ? 
  people , bands and times change . 
  neverbloom too . 
  they 're connected actually . 
  [ ai640 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=happcshp9q4 ) is a story about an ai murdering the world . 
  pretty sweet, 
  if only i could draw ... 
  i would make a super hype comic out of the album, 
  hopefully a level editor gets released . 
  the game is literally dripping with potential . 
  and add physx effects to his golden dong, 
  you can wait for a dude to shoot at you , throw the katana at the dude , hotswitch with the dude and grab the katana mid air, 
  super, 
  do people still play mta and samp ? 
  one mine favorite experiences was messing around with guns on a no guns server . 
  a mod , a few friends and me were running around with the swat skins , holding people up and escorting them back to the secret base in the desert . 
  the base also had a map that could track other players . 
  the admin checked the logs next day and got quite russled lol, 
  dicks can fit anywhere if you 're brave enough, 
  so is the population healthy ? 
  i 'd like to play again but not if it 's a ghost town . 
  watch out for scorpions , snakes 'n shit, 
  we had a new terminator and jurrasic park . 
  and a new predator is coming too . 
  i kinda like this future, 
  it 's like a 5 second loop, 
  do it, 
  post some fresh memes ? 
  do n't talk about sweaty hands . 
  why even acknowledge it as a thing ? 
  oh man i would really love to see a video of this, 
  that 's a strong concept for a meme . 
  i like it, 
  * `` can you investigate this beleaguered town and untangle the tragic extent of its failings or will you be driven beyond madness yourself ? 
  i hope this is actually a thing and not just another way of saying `` you wo n't finish the game , guy '' . 
  ooh ... that needs some smoothing out, 
  i ca n't stop laughing at that dammit, 
  i 'd rather be nobody desu senpai, 
  dwarf fortress adventure mode, 
  are you interested in selling your rare diamond pepes to / r/jerktalkdiamond ? 
  i 'm a representative of jtd and i 'm willing to do business, 
  berned the cuck out, 
  rude, 
  i really want the game to be a giant stinker * if * it comes out, 
  i did the same thing . 
  i really wan na know what the fuck the meme means but goddamn i really want it to die so i can forever forget about it . 
  i am sworn to beat your horses . 
  i 'm not good at autistic banter , please leave me alone , guy . 
  getting moist just by looking at this moist, 
  `` put a fuckin ' sick crow up there . 
  i wan na see if it works '', 
  celebs tweeting rares had something to do with it iirc, 
  why did you reply to a 2 week stale post ? 
  how long can we keep this going ? 
  i mean i 'm not doing anything right now and i 'm super bored . 
  edit : ur a fag btw, 
  how often do you have to brush them ? 
  i do it all the time and they 're still yellow-ish and some are almost falling apart . 
  stop being so edgy . 
  damn . 
  ok ... so : how do you rate predator on a scale from 0/10 ? 
  you 're no fun, 
  brave . 
  that 's how you end up on / r/corejerk, 
  where are the chugs and breakdowns , mate ? 
  someone on / r/kappa compared his hair to french fries . 
  i might post this on / r/corejerk you filthy elitist, 
  i wish every piece of white ui was black . 
  right now i hate it because it 's huge , slow and pretty much everything else is white . 
  you got memes automod ? 
  fine !, 
  i wo n't do it ... 
  edit : nu meme !, 
  if only imgur could do it for them, 
  that 's got ta get added to the automod shit . 
  i 'd do it right now but i 'm on my phone listening to hot / r/gonewildaudio sexe while trying to fall asleep . 
  i do n't really like people . 
  hopefully someone emotionally dead as me shows up so i can relate with them .
