  from what i 've read lost brain is giving me a code geass vibe so i 'll check it out . 
  uhh , i 'm not sure ... is it just loli ? 
  i will let it slide , just because she 's crazy . 
  looks like i judged the book by it 's covers . 
  i am ashamed . 
  maybe i should . 
  i do n't like watching really hype and bloody scenes through a negative filter and with black shadows all over the screen . 
  looks interesting . 
  wan na see how 's he gon na pull it off , so checking it out . 
  i want subs in real life . 
  i think it 's their own thing . 
  [ turn down for ~ ~ what ~ ~ whammu ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sblr0eirw-i ), 
  is that golum ? 
  looks awesome, 
  while i appreciate these videos , where are the professional videos of live shows ? 
  [ like this one ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xecjm-5h24 ), 
  i like district nayyne, 
  metal stuff , metalcore , electronic music ( mostly from monstercat ) and celldweller because he 's in between metal and electronic . 
  one outs is kinda cool ? 
  look at this weeaboo wannabe, 
  a nice pace of change . 
  sick of fucking tendies and those fucking brainfucked children . 
  the fuck is wrong with her ? 
  ca n't she just chill and play some vidya ? 
  i just played life is strange and it was awesome . 
  sounds really cool , thanks . 
  be sure to check out / r/anxiety and / r/depression ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ so ^ ^ sorry ^ ^ people, 
  this sub is the worst piece of shit ever . 
  but i 'm staying here anyway . 
  * violent upvote *, 
  is n't there a moral decision system ? 
  if so , how good is it ? 
  they 're leaving machinima and making their own channel . 
  and the whole ig team is staying together . 
  follow their twitters for updates . 
  the creatures mentioned ig on their podcast . 
  jordan said that they would like to do something together or something along those lines . 
   what 's your problem with murder ? 
  did murder kill your parents or something ? 
  i will use that line from now on . 
  people still bitch about khail . 
  i doubt this will be any different . 
  watched 1st episode . 
  not my kinda show . 
  i have n't watched rt in a long while , but still ... it 's a bummer when someone from the game industry dies . 
  if the site is down here is what the page said :, 
  `` our friend , inspiration and co-worker monty oum passed away yesterday afternoon at 4:34 pm surrounded by people who loved him very much . 
  ten days ago monty suffered a severe allergic reaction during a simple medical procedure that left him in a coma . 
  although he fought bravely , his body was not able to recover . 
  during his time in the hospital he was well cared for and never in pain at any time . 
  monty is survived by his wife sheena , his father mony , his brothers woody , sey , chivy and neat , and his sisters thea and theary , as well as a countless number of fans and friends . 
  we were so proud to be a part of his life and we will miss him greatly . 
  your generosity during the hours after the public statement on friday will help his family deal with the costs of his care and his passing . 
  you made an incredible difference during a difficult time and we can not thank you enough . 
  as for honoring monty , we will do that in our own way . 
  in lieu of flowers or gifts , we ask that you simply do something creative . 
  use your imagination to make the world a better place in any way that you can . 
  if you know monty like we do , then you know he would certainly be doing that if he were able to . 
  monty was 33 years old . 
  we love you , monty . '', 
  yeah ... 
  i spread the news to the ig sub , since the guys are also rt fans ... 
  this sucks . 
  something like two best friends . 
  where stuff is fairly casual . 
  or like the early creatures , but since they have families that seems kinda unlikely . 
  i dunno , i 'm interested in seeing this happen . 
  did n't even try, 
  i played indigo cagecy a few days ago . 
  did n't finish it . 
  i played life is strange twice today , to the end . 
  screw you ~ ~ jodie ~ ~ who ever those 3 people where . 
  max best girl !, 
  sometimes i feel sad for kovic . 
  nothing is actually `` wrong '' . 
  it 's just something humans invented . 
  too many ... 
  i switched to kat a month before tpb went down . 
  i would elbow drop that button . 
  maybe that is the skellon of the girl ? 
  i 'm already addicted to it . 
  the next episode ca n't come soon enough . 
  i actually like it more than ttg games , they got ta step up their game . 
  where did this come from ? 
  and then what ? 
  aquarious is cool for once . 
  why in the world would you read yt comments ? 
  get alientube and ignore that jungle . 
  he needs to make a good game, 
  dammit . 
  now i have to find out what happened . 
  something tells me that anon is a fagola, 
  thanks for making my life literal hell on mobile , you cunting fuck . 
  i consider abridged as canon, 
  get a girl with a dick . 
  mornin oakwood, 
  this meme ... 
  nice try,
