  - masketta man, 
  feeling pretty empowered right now , my dude, 
  there 's no more wine, 
  i 've spent hours trying to fix this thing . 
  if the next creators update does n't , i 'm going back . 
  overall widow ep was better than point oblivion but i still love the new sound . 
  just one asking alexandria shirt that i got a few years ago while i was in high school ... 
  it 's like when you spend all of your money on the big game in game dev tycoon and it shits the bed, 
  the verdict was one of my favorite unknown albums of 2016 . 
  edit : i 'm looking at the song titles [ what is dead may never die , conquer the thrones , drowned , ) is this game of thrones-core ? 
  radicallarry _ . 
  gods , what a stupid name . 
  who named you ? 
  some halfwit with a stutter ? 
  * i 'm 19 ... *, 
  but in the [ game ] ( http://store.steampowered.com/app/239820/game_dev_tycoon/ ) you can spend millions on a game . 
  get the best engine , the most expensive marketing options , have your own conventions but still have the game flop with low reviews because you did n't choose the right design levels , put wrong people at the wrong jobs , did n't fix bugs and mixed genres that do n't really work together . 
  does predator count ? 
  in the first one he longingly stared at the huge fire arnold started . 
  and in the second one he gets a huge boner from a lightning strike, 
  bless has social media ? 
  gameplay over realism, 
  [ fit for a king - kill the pain ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzikzw-8w8g ) . 
  creation/destruction and slave to nothing have pretty good choruses overall . 
  do n't know about deathgrip , did n't like it, 
  some guy did that a while ago and got called a psycho, 
  ca n't wait till we can shoot napalm out of our palms, 
  we 're a group of geniuses trying to solve the world peace problem, 
  is it better than elephant ? 
  do n't know . 
  you should be able to find it with some digging around the sub tho, 
  the only good thing that came from the minecraft games are bro team pill drinking streams, 
  it 's ** actually ** nick mullen from cum town, 
  [ `` what the fuck is going on ?!, 
  '' ] ( https://youtu.be/f9uknwlhhpo?t=1m46s ), 
  yeah , great , but it ai n't no predator . 
  an actual masterpiece, 
  postal is a gem, 
  that shit worked in evolve with the huge ass monsters . 
  most people in real life die with 0 points, 
  he kinda reminded me of grey worm from got . 
  he 's kind of black ? 
  i think ? 
  self defense training, 
  at least you have the dex advantage . 
  but that makes you gay too, 
  where can i buy a demon ? 
  exactly . 
  the only way to lift the curse is to like gwyndolin , then it 's fine, 
  kind of . 
  worried that micro transactions will `` ruin '' it by getting into my face . 
  like i 'm not gon na buy a single thing but i do n't wan na ever see the option, 
  well , they did . 
  you can buy a loot crate with a chance to get good orcs right into the nemesis system . 
  the whole point of the game, 
  sometimes really similar people just exist without being related at all . 
  met a dude at my driving school that sounds , looks and acts the same way another guy did in high school . 
  he said he had a brother , but it was the wrong name , there was also another guy with his last name but was n't him either . 
  weird shit . 
  actually ask / r/morbidquestions, 
  it 'd be really funny if cliffy b tried and failed again, 
  mirelurks leave, 
  try to summon the heckler npc . 
  he 'll provide distraction, 
  we 'd be better off flayposting on freefolk . 
  boatsex has gone one long enough, 
  what do we get to do to you if he does ? 
  as long as it 's not blatant brigading/invasion since it 's kind of a reddit rule, 
  finally i 'll be able to experience nipple spawned babies and a huge dangling donger of satan, 
  i 'm probably just gon na watch some all cutscenes/endings video since i ca n't fucking play it , does n't feel good , does n't run good . 
  \\  reading books, 
  \\  not discovering knowledge on your own by talking to yourself for hours contemplating society and reality, 
  dmc had pretty good faces and good animation overall, 
  that 's like really gay but it 's closer to a movie so , it cancels out the gay , so i guess it 's fine . 
  imagine spending time to make this, 
  what happened to the web series thing ? 
  did it even happen ? 
  i was on / gif / looking at whatever then suddenly i 'm reading about dracula nailing turbans to some messenger 's heads because they did n't wan na take them off . 
  nothing stood out to me in the other songs . 
  just basic metalcore . 
  and i 've listened to every song more than a few times, 
  i actually did that in the ck2 agot mod . 
  the boltons rule the ~ ~ north ~ ~ dreadlands, 
  sansa : how do you answer these charges ... lord baelish ? 
  baelish : lee me alon, 
  prototype . 
  you can kick , dive kick , slide , stomp and do other crazy shit, 
  be careful , sometimes this fucker acts like a mimic , so watch where you sit, 
  kids should just stay out of games and movies, 
  fuck yourself, 
  tank controls are a meme, 
  but i hope i get to become one so i can haunt the earth, 
  they call me choo choo get out the way, 
  they call me metro maestro, 
  they call me the conductor, 
  they call me loco motive, 
  neither of those will happen because people do n't want to quit either one, 
  whatever man this shit 's boring who cares, 
  pfft , the wolf does n't befriend sheep , kiddo, 
  run back to winterfell !,
