  then then you get the female . 
  just shred the devil out of them . 
  now i want a star wars themed mgsv . 
  palpatine : now go ... let the hate flow through you ... 
  darth vader : yes , my master . 
  i doubt it . 
  this is still a small category . 
  that camera guy is the fucking best, 
  woolie and fuckface combined, 
  i like bb and i loved the video . 
  what about bro team pill ? 
  they 're both ginger canadians . 
  i hate babbies . 
  but i like girls . 
  pensies are fine , i guess . 
  how does that make you feel ? 
  holy smokes . 
  why did they updonk this ? 
  perfect score, 
  make another for someone else . 
  / u/trollabot automoderator, 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/automoderator, 
  i 'm really not into crpg or strategic games but shadowrun got me with the atmosphere and the writing . 
  i did play with cheats but i enjoyed being an op expert on everything . 
  one of my favorite rpgs in a while . 
  also i finished sr hong kong and i ca n't wait for the mini campaign . 
  ahhh ... 
  but i still want you to make one tho, 
  pick one . 
  not taylor swift tho , she sucks . 
  nice meme , guy . 
  i just shitposted that song . 
  ha ha haaa, 
  they are good but i do n't wan na listen to a sound i 've heard 100 times before . 
  wage what ? 
  literally who ? 
  face . 
  murder is on my bucket list . 
  sextapes are always garbage . 
  boobs , ass 'n abs . 
  i looked them up and i still have no idea . 
  where do you get this ? 
  you 're a sad guy . 
  i played during the closed beta way back . 
  then i played a bit later , quit and now i 'm back for update 18 . 
  it has a cinematic quest with the stalker and shit . 
  they kinda fucked up some stuff in hotfixes but it 'll be ( probably ) fixed early next year . 
  still the best f2p game in my opinion . 
  i know what you mean . 
  i 'm still in `` fun '' mode . 
  it 'll stop eventually , just like last time . 
  decided to ... 
  tulpify ( ? ), 
  guy from the wonderland . 
  it 's going great . 
  hey , guy . 
  what is this . 
  place . 
  nice sub, 
  a repost in jtd ?!, 
  why would you do this ? 
  some company nobody knows about . 
  fighting fire with fire, 
  every time i see savage i think of the dmc combo, 
  [ well ... 
  i think it 's a wast of time . 
  tulpas may be a product of imagination but we 're more real than god . 
  host was raised as a christian , now he does n't care . ], 
  i never had to take breaks while playing games . 
  sd was the 1st that tired my eyes out . 
  [ wow . 
  ok , guy . 
  thanks for stealing my memes !, 
  makes me homicidal when i see such behavior in jtd ... smfh, 
  i 'd say abr but i can put that on and just do stuff while it 's in the background . 
  but i ca n't get into oceans ate alaska . 
  the accent on the cleans makes me curl up into a ball . 
  i love this piece of trash of a song . 
  \\  trying to make money off of minecraft in 2k15, 
  \\  on pronheb, 
  i did the tombstone on my little sister ... no more wrestling was watched in this house . 
  so literally worse than hitler ? 
  bet i 'll see this tomorrow again . 
  is the title * `` hot blond big boobs suck dicks '' * not clear enough for you , guy ? 
  i suffered through `` friday '' . 
  i do n't know what hitler 's fun camps were like . 
  that should n't be allowed . 
  holy shit . 
  * shakes fist at sky * smite away , faggot !, 
  any chance of making 1080p wps ? 
  these look great but they 're really blurry on high resolution . 
  sounds like an indie band that plays in coffee shops and does n't get paid . 
  oh wow , i 'm blind . 
  thanks , guy . 
  i 'll have to run this through svp 60fps to make it look nicer . 
  excuse me , guy ... but 4chan is a valid source of memes . 
  what 's worse is that the devs nerfed a beta feature that they wanted us to test and made a gamemode ** really ** tedious . 
  and it probably wo n't be fixed till next year . 
  raze one pe / \\ ke and another shall rise !, 
  i brush my teeth twice a day .
