  but he changes to full time later in the anime . 
  i dunno actually . 
  found it on fakkudroid app randomly . 
  i do n't even know if that 's the anime toast meant . 
  you can find it on there if you try . 
  it 's just that the animation looks weird . 
  next time he should try it with rules of nature, 
  a damn shame ... 
  well , now that you mentioned those ... 
  remember cc 's stupid hat ? 
  shit . 
  i thought you were the guy asking me about the ship girls hentai . 
  and , the info is out there , follow your heart and you might find the sauce ; \u0e2f ), 
  all hail lelouch !, 
  one word . 
  holyfuckingshit . 
  `` 9/11 with sushi and sake . 
  it sucks with guns '' - ign , 
  nobody expects pat !, 
  celldweller , blue stahli , fit for a king , crossfaith . 
  nervous : how much for ... how do we even do it . 
  deathish ? 
  op , come on . 
  i 'm kinda afraid of cockroaches . 
  but i faced one and killed it without mercy . 
  you should try and conquer your fears as well : ^ ), 
  remember that william regal arc where he was a huge dick , turned off the lights and ruined the show ? 
  me neither ... 
  i think that sounds a bit too fanfic-ish . 
  but we 'll know soon enough . 
  * maniacal laughter *, 
  when you think as a 14yo , that 's actually a pretty cool picture . 
  not just people on this sub . 
  every single reddit user and their grandmother . 
  they were lollygagging , were n't they ? ... 
  * i was like * `` ooooh , gon na play me some ... '', 
  * look at jank pc * `` oh ... '', 
  well , jerry and woolie do look alike ... 
  sjw ? 
  ooh , what 's that ? 
  super jimmy walker ? 
  i literaly knew it was going to win . 
  just like i knew my husbando lelouch was gon na win best guy award . 
  what if the guy had chinballs ? 
  waifu pillows do n't count , bitch . 
  `` diamonds '' that is a secret password . 
  please join us at / r/jerktalkdiamond , mr. diamo, 
  lmao, 
  pat would russle pretty much like hornswoggle, 
  oki doki , friend !, 
  i do n't talk about the internet with * people * . 
  he is not your dude , diamo !, 
  well , i 'd take a picture for reddit . 
  or just call the popo, 
  if you 're that worried anout the 2nd one . 
  just make sure you die in lava . 
  sell it on the cs go marketplace . 
  i hear the choco skin can fetch you a nice price, 
  i wonder if nate is still alive ... he could be just playing halo . 
  dad is jelly, 
  yeah . 
  heavy metal was pretty dry and there was nothing new for me . 
  then i got into bmth and then deeper into the genre . 
  a fine post , my friend . 
  what a nigpost, 
  how can our cranes be real if our cranes are n't real ? 
  can we get a pelek cover ? 
  thin ? 
  are you saying that our grorious reader does n't feed his peopre ? 
  what the fuck is happening ? 
  what a load of t-rex shit ... 
  this thread is worth less than a single raditz . 
  maybe you should try m4m on / r/gonewildaudio : ^ ), 
  down with the cunt !, 
  long live king boll and queen herzog !, 
  he probably got distracted by gay porn . 
  i love that song , but i ca n't take that little laugh seriously . 
  the only thing i can think of is some old guy coughing at the bus station . 
  at this rate , cthulhu will be here sooner than half-life 3 . 
  there was an old lady that ate dirt all the time . 
  she was actually , totally fine . 
  the earthworms were the only problems . 
  they 're being professional, 
  just like the mods on this sub . 
  always abusing their meme powers, 
  their older shit is better imo ... 
  where is the dank duck dick ? 
  you just corrected a 3 month old sarcasm . 
  but , whatever i guess . 
  not really actually . 
  i 've only heard some of the older more popular songs . 
  gon na have to check out his other stuff as well . 
  kek . 
  i would never be able to plug stuff into that usb . 
  i fail at least 3 times on my pc . 
  the amount of animation on the upper half is mildly disturbing . 
  the other half is strangely arousing . 
  your grandma would definitely hate you . 
  that is ... if she doese n't suffer some sort of brain damage . 
  my new favorite subreddit,
