  i went to sleep again . 
  still wan na talk about random bullshit ? 
  / r/fitdrawngirls / r/hardbodies if you want more quads or abs, 
  chodesworth jr. was really low energy, 
  wow what a loser, 
  sounds like a fucking movie, 
  the knives that have just the tip in always annoyed me . 
  they look like they 're gon na fall out, 
  why tho, 
  one finger death punch . 
  edit : dynasty/samurai warriors are also an option . 
  turn the difficulty down for mindless time killing . 
  good for podcasts, 
  why 'd you buy it ? 
  halo ? 
  no it was actually 1pm . 
  i go to sleep at 4am and i wake up around 1:30 pm . 
  after i replied i took a nap . 
  was n't planning on napping so long but i kinda got into a lucid dream so ... 
  i turned 18 like 10 days ago . 
  [ she must burn ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ay-xt1iidsi ) . 
  it 's like make them suffer with a bit more female vocals and less track right now . 
  the dream journals is pretty off putting so i do n't do it at all . 
  shit gets * real * when i sleep during the day or when i go to sleep early like 10pm . 
  i 'll spend the rest of the night/morning waking up and forcing myself back into the dream . 
  just by remembering where i left off . 
  that part feels super weird like your mind is about to implode but keep going . 
  that 's what it feels like to me at least . 
  the rest is staying in the dream . 
  have n't really gotten the hang of it yet tho . 
  in case someone * wants * cybersexiness try this / r/cyberbooty, 
  it 's an actual sequel . 
  and predators is canon so ... 
  javs are overrated desu . 
  mrs. tanaka is alright tho . 
  and animu was a mistake but it had to be done . 
  i 'm not american , i just came here for nimble memes but i 'd vote the shit out of trump, 
  better than you 'd think , worse than you 'd hope, 
  what a nimble post, 
  wait what ? 
  where does it say it 's a reboot ? 
  i think i missed something then, 
  question : why do people shit on remember me 's combat ? 
  i thought it was fine . 
  i do n't recall it being broken or anything . 
  it was pretty much arkham combat but without counters iirc . 
  ca n't wait for wew 2 : hard ladder, 
  odin is cast out without his coat, 
  * foolish, 
  / r/metalmemes would like this, 
  what the hell are those priced `` guide '' apps , anyway ? 
  holy shit that 's metal, 
  i invested in high energy memes, 
  also ... 
  i think ten ten does n't have a second name, 
  / r/anime _ irl, 
  nimble eyes, 
  that 's just preference . 
  and competition is good as they 've said many times before . 
  the technical stuff is the real problem . 
  i super forgot about this game . 
  i hope they add more meat to the sound . 
  that when * splorch * is so unsatisfying . 
  a funhaus mugen video would be the hypest . 
  guess i 'll just have to watch saltybet for fighties, 
  nv-15 standing by , awaiting orders . 
  there are also 28 secondary units in my reserve . 
  we can use them while we wait for more replacements . 
  def not a shoe . 
  i do n't love it that much . 
  most of it is shit tbh, 
  god dammit i love downfall stories like these . 
  i 'm not a doctor but should n't the map be different ? 
  i mean it 's thousands of years ... 
  not really , actually . 
  i do n't like old stuff at all because it looks weird . 
  i just want more jojo , real naruto episodes , death note and code geass . 
  first 2 are coming and the other 2 are rare kinds of anime . 
  edgy , genius , kind of evil protag anime is my favorite . 
  by `` old '' i meant 80s and 90s anime . 
  beat me to it . 
  hope plague fixes the robot voice . 
  holy shit my ears, 
  the next preddie movie is coming out in 2018 . 
  i 'd gobble down any predator related garbage right about now, 
  give this man a cloak !, 
  tiny wiggle things and holes always make me feel ... eugh ... 
  #but the train does n't stop !, 
  #grind to the whitehouse, 
  i agree !, 
  hahaha , 
  does chrome use more ram if you have a lot of it ? 
  i have 4gb right now and chrome uses a decent chunk but it never gets maxed out even when i have it running in the background while playing games . 
  go for lover latency or higher frequency ? 
  ddr4 8gb 2400mhz gskill cl15 , f4-2400c15s-8gnt, 
  ddr3 8gb 1866mhz kingston hyperx fury black cl10 , hx318c10fb/8, 
  oh wow , i 'm blind . 
  well thanks anyway, 
  they 're both pretty much the same . 
  so i 'll be going for the 1st one,
