  before i played origins i read that the qunari are huge warriors and have horns bigger than animals . 
  then i met sten , a grey dude with white corn rows ... it was weird at the time, 
  ocd demands it , i must obey, 
  i would love to see a collab, 
  who would they be in an alt universe, 
  i would love to see some wind , like flags n shit . 
  if they do it , well rip my cpu, 
  kovic u scary, 
  a single tear . 
  after i finished the mass effect trilogy . 
  oh and i got depressed when vergil fell down into the abyss at the end of devil may cry 3, 
  i think that gfycat has no size limit , try that next time, 
  we need a mugen ig game, 
  i 'm just imagining reptile from mk telling a bunch of iguanas what to do, 
  they ubisofted it up again, 
  definitely on time . 
  i 've always played as `` neutral renegade '' . 
  gon na have to try the pure version . 
  felt the same . 
  after that i tried as a paragon . 
  it 's impossible for me . 
  when you try to do these kinds of decisions remember that wrex will still live on in your other save file, 
  ah yes , ** reapers **, 
  it does . 
  even though i know that some of those decisions are the `` right '' ones , i do n't care , i love being the bad guy cuz i have shit morals . 
  too many games make me the goody two shoes guy , and it annoys me . 
  at least i can be a colossal jerk while saving the galaxy . 
  i did n't kill my squad , but i told them to get back in line and stuff . 
  but i kinda did kill lots of people on the way . 
  is the gmod couch better looking then the big orange couch \u2122 ? 
  bruce , about that dildo part . 
  bro team actually had a dildo cam on stream a day ago . 
  shhhh ... they can hear you ... they gon na ddos us ... 
  what 's wrong with naruto ? 
  i did n't know about that . 
  this why i love bioware games, 
  they should mass produce a lizard squad stamp, 
  i heard the damn controller creaking, 
  mind blown ^ tm, 
  please get excite, 
  the shitstorm was inevitable, 
  i actually liked it more than origins . 
  hawke had a voice and the combat was awesome . 
  i ca n't stand the origins combat , i skip through and cheat to get to the story bits . 
  the new amazon buys twitch igd, 
  it 's really catchy, 
  this is so good i 'm crying, 
  guys do you think this will do it ? 
  nvidia gt9500 ( 1gb vram ) and dual core 2.6 ghz ? 
  my pc can run bf4 but really low fps though not unplayable . 
  i can also run da2 on high, 
  i 'm not saying they should remove it , i love the blood theme and stuff . 
  it needs some work , like if you hit the enemy head on you will have blood on your upper body , face and hands . 
  thats what i want , realistic-ish blood splatter . 
  gaben save us all, 
  common youtube thing . 
  majority of people sub for one video and then forget about the channel, 
  the creatures got swatted , check that out, 
  guys what 's the outro song called ? 
  bruce looks cute ( this is the first time i said cute ), 
  until i see her face she , my shepard wont bang her . 
  she could have a weird mouth , a hairy fly mouth ... ew, 
  robbaz could pour the water on his crocks, 
  how can he be at 2 places at the same time ?!, 
  my mind is tearing !, 
  i 'm a old fan of the creatures , that day sucked for lots of other people . 
  some of the viewers got really worried , dan ( danznewz ) is also afraid of guns ( he got mugged when he was young and now he 's taking a little break by the looks of it ) and the owner of the building could make them leave , though i hope he does n't . 
  but jordan ( kootra ) handled the interview pretty well . 
  luckily they did n't have prop guns laying around . 
  they put so much work into their office , i hope the asshole who did this gets what he deserves , swatting is not a joke , people can get injured or worse . 
  i still think this is a project of a madman , but many things started off like that, 
  i would love to set up a geth/quarian scenario, 
  at first glance it does n't look so bad , but after a minute ... it looks poopy, 
  what the hell were they doing ? 
  the story of lawrunz and how he got trapped in cyber space , pretty please, 
  is that tunt with no beard to the left ? 
  the guy who invented excite , liam from two best friends . 
  unless he spends it on crack, 
  is that the monkey from the jowood story ? 
  `` games are illegal now ? '', 
  i lost it there, 
  it 's pretty adorbs, 
  but iori is a cool guy !, 
  why ? 
  that would look great as a tattoo, 
  since he has no nipples , his chest would be the best place . 
  or on the butt, 
  dat lawrence though, 
  i have no idea how to get there anymore, 
  he 's got beef with aleks , i think it 's because of the damn dude montage . 
  might be someone else , i 'm not sure, 
  dat rave mode mode mode tho, 
  man , jaimz really loves tlou, 
  demon world war , that sounds so fucking sick !, 
  adam 's beard looks kinda weird, 
  james should be in the predator reboot/sequel/whatever, 
  it will probably be pushed back to 2016, 
  i never really read the weekly update threads , but dern ... 
  this is like a creatures news paper and it 's awesome, 
  one male voice in dragon age origins sounds like shepard .
