  potential modules worklist ( with very various work stages ) :, 
  greater modules, 
  - old gods ( afs 2.0 - by far the larger one ), 
  - from the deep, 
  - world eater , reforge the dragon cult ), 
  - cold blood , molag bal & volkihar extension adding on dawnguard, 
  - second dawn , build again the mythic dawn and mankar 's paradise, 
  - oath of malacath , unite the strongholds , gather wives , make orsinium stronger ; or be a female orc ... 
  - sunken dreams , cthulhu-inspired vaermina mod around the drowned winterhold, 
  - forever night , thieves extension around nocturnal and nightingales ,, 
  - web of intrigues , about mephala and a courtisan 's guild ( not a prostitution framework ), 
  - brokers of souls , soul stealing and hollow slaves for the ideal masters, 
  - primal call , bloodmoon remake with a primal cult on solstheim , can side with the all-maker, 
  - veiled death , redguard beliefs oriented cult , oriental harem - potential beyond reach candidate . 
  - wolf queen , potema 's return, 
  - the dark below , in blackreach ( low priority ) - cf the lurking fear . 
  redundancies/conflicts/integration with other blackreach falmer mods ? 
  lesser modules ( or greater ones that skipped legs day ), 
  - rats in the walls , extension around reachcliff cave and namira and spoiler a farm, 
  - atmoran legacy , on herma-mora origin avatar mixed with dunwich 's horror, 
  - hidden knowledge , another hermaeus avatar , college , nyarlathotep inspiration, 
  - spirit of the void , dark brotherhood extension around sithis ( low priority ), 
  - betrayal of man , thalmor extension ( low priority ), 
  - lady of twilight , quest chain around azura ( seduction , woman revenges , ... probable integration with other sexlab mods ), 
  - & lady of light , another one around meridia ( probably in the same extension than azura 's ), 
  - wish master , a little trickster mod around clavicus vile offering wishes ... 
  - creeping madness , around sheoggorath and his tempting side , and his creatures ( seducers & golden saints ), 
  - shadow of the red mountain , house dagoth remnants , probably allow tie-ins with telvannis and redorans too, 
  - unnamed camona tongue mod , probably the boethia mod . 
  cf little vivec of the moon and star mod ? 
  - unnamed necromancer cult ( conflict with awake that uses the cult of worms ) . 
  can make you undead if refused ( gameplay changer ), 
  - an unnamed mod about peryite and diseases/natural order and probably a little slavery in the mix ( god of tasks ), 
  - an unnamed silver hand mod ( really obvious ), 
  leftovers :, 
  - hists ? 
  a module 's quickie ( as in quick template ) :, 
  module : world eater, 
  concept : join and revive the dragon cult . 
  become a dragon priest . 
  follow the path of miraak . 
  serve the dragons / betray the dragons . 
  submit villages and wilds of skyrim . 
  main kink : powermongering , domination , vore ? 
  game changers : main vanilla questline branching and/or blocking . 
  greybeards and blades hostility . 
  neutrality . 
  dragon calls . 
  settlements attacks and submissions ( through guard and optionally named npcs killings ) . 
  new shouts ( including domination shout ) . 
  new way to gain dragon souls without killing dragons ( may still make some duels ) that requires dragon cult offerings ( thus settlement attacks won ) . 
  dragon cult can generate radiant word wall quests ( as if greybeards ) . 
  betrayal meter ( goes up with too many duels and such ) . 
  if triggered , betrayal ending mandatory . 
  civil war stalling ? 
  ( unresolved vanilla plot point that alduin is growing stronger from it ) . 
  dragon tombs ( the unmarked ones ) reviving through alduin 's resurrect shout . 
  dragon cult strongholds defences against spawnings ; gather draugrs to receive help . 
  questline plot : join the dragon cult through a vanilla alduin encounter ( throat of the world ? ) . 
  paarthurnax battle . 
  revive the dragon cult in its last fortress ( forelhost ) . 
  gain some followers , gain some original dragon priests . 
  retake the original capital of the dragon cult ( brojmungar , aka labyrinthian ) . 
   branching : servitude or betrayal . 
  betrayal -  mains vanilla quest again ( but when you win the cult is yours and everything still works ) . 
  servitude -  both civil war factions destroyed ? 
  additionnal questing :, 
  repeatable quests : dragon reviving , draugr gathering , dragon priests submitting , settlements attacks , words hunting ,, 
  specific kinks : virgin sacrifices from the vassal settlements . 
  dragon cultists harem ? 
  dragon sexy times ( gain dragon souls ? ), 
  point of interests : rewritings for the world eater 's eyrie and the sovngarde levels for coherence ? 
  points of convergences : also use tes arena fortresses new cities . 
  multiple cultist pledge occasions along the main vanilla quest line ? 
  regular benefits : hoards ( money and stuff ) and sacrifices ( girls ) gathered from settlements . 
  dragon calls ( recharge with sacrifices ? ) . 
  big change : dragons everywhere , watching the vassals . 
  end of the world atmospherics ( if alduin alive ) or darkened ( if alduin killed in sovngarde ), 
  a real hoard chamber in brohjumgard ? 
  ideas & notes :, 
  need follower converting via domination shout to make them dragon cultists ? 
  use the world eater 's eyrie to do something else ? 
  aaaaand there goes my afternoon . 
  also :, 
  we 're recruiting . 
  does n't matter if the screams are high or low but i want them to sound different . 
  and i mean screamers . 
  not bands like blessthefall . 
  edit : oh and i 'm not shitting on blessthefall . 
  they 're awesome . 
  edit2 : thanks for the recommendations , people . 
  i think we should gas them . 
  ze edit : changed to a more appropriate flair . 
  i really like the `` pure shit '' on / gif / . 
  porn is ... art . 
  and there is a lot of terrible ** terrible ** art out there . 
  it 's like watching comedy . 
  terrible acting , terrible performance or terrible girls . 
  i love it . 
  pretty much this [ trope ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/aiisacrapshoot ),
