  you make it sound like they did a bad thing, 
  one might say that it 's worth less than a single raditz, 
  it 's not really challenging . 
  it just gives enemies more health and adds a timer . 
  still kinda fun, 
  i really wish that was an actual song . 
  dissimulator is pretty good but the stuff he comes up with in his videos is the best, 
  4chan is planning to make her a bloodthirsty blm feminazi after m$ takes her innocent mind . 
  that 's microsoft, 
  why the fuck is w not vv ? 
  we meet again , eb ... 
  we will build a subreddit and make / r/stellaris redirect to it !, 
  ok , cool . 
  thanks for the new sub btw . 
  gon na take a nap, 
  not all of them have planets tho, 
  what genre is this ? 
  is this a real song ? 
  this thing is making me think about it really hard . 
  it has noise , break core , grind vocals , shit theme ... ho boy . 
  i know that meme magic is real but that ka n't be real, 
  that 's a big bear, 
  when i was a little christian baby boy i listened to behemoth and i was like `` oh boy , this is dirty but i like it '' . 
  now i do n't care about religion and i enjoy both sides of it . 
  does n't matter if jesus is giving me energy or if it 's about satan surfing on the cross i will listen to it if it sounds good . 
  that 's the best, 
  black hole and a planet next to it . 
  shit looks weird all round black holes, 
  there 's a subreddit with the same concept . 
  if a million people gave 1 dollar to one guy , he 'd be a millionaire . 
  i do n't remember it getting that popular tho . 
  damn . 
  that 's fuckin ' nice looking, 
  everytime i start watching anime the * anime * pisses me off and i go back to doing nothing . 
  i once saw a young mother dragging her potato headed child through a super market . 
  what was her plan ? 
  is it gay tho ? 
  it was less gay than a german suplex, 
  the bronco buster is ever more gay, 
  most of them are sticking the other guy 's head between your legs ... huh, 
  sick, 
  but at the end of the day people buy pitchforks no matter what, 
  how many times can i try to guess a numberwang per day ? 
  is the elektra arc good ? 
  the punisher part was the best but i 'm really deflated after all that hype shit and she does n't seem very cool . 
  i bet he feels really good about himself . 
  i bet his food tastes like hobo juice, 
  the quality of the image is more disturbing tbh . 
  how do you fap to this ? 
  you 'd be wondering if the guy is insane . 
  he would sound like a paranoid lunatic raving on about shadows and the elusive flow of time . 
  \\  implying i will ever call someone willingly, 
  this would be so fucking cool . 
  imagine him returning like a decade later . 
  now he 's a vampire that 's in bed with herma mora . 
  `` you were the chosen one ! '', 
  we 've never seen the bat and the don in the same room, 
  the fact that people listen to sjdubs pisses me off so much, 
  sick, 
  i left the beta a while ago, 
  how do i kuck them back ? 
  i would vote for centipede but i 'm an eurofuck : ^ (, 
  good, 
  life spoilers : your fortress will crumble and every dorf you love will die . 
  youre mum did nin9e eliven, 
  proper response, 
  the only thing i remember about the game is that you can make a really hype superhero or villain and smash buildings . 
  oh and `` i am ze master ! '', 
  shreque, 
  there was n't enough interaction between the player and his branded imo . 
  like i killed this guy skoth hellcrow early in the game , he was really cool with black feathers and shit . 
  he came back later when i got the brand ability and i branded him cuz he was the best . 
  made him the top warchief , made him butt heads with other uruks , branded every uruk on the screen , killed every uruk on the screen ( except him ) , observed how they fought each other ... 
  but there is n't really anything else to do . 
  the game was n't even downloading when i tried the store . 
  that 's the wrong trader , guy, 
  not so loud ... do you really wan na expose the meme nest ? 
  keep an eye on the sinking city, 
  me trying to see what people would rate predator . 
  what a surprise . 
  oh and it 's a fucking 10/10 if you disagree then you 're wrong . 
  you earned a kevin http://imgur.com/lqi2rv2, 
  i recently got back into this and dean seemed like a bunch of nothing like a lot of other superstars . 
  i really like him now . 
  but ... what the hell * is * he going to do with the chainsaw ? 
  doppelganger in dmc3 and when you beat him he becomes a part of you . 
  not the same guy but honestly you could just start from the * [ start ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucbomx_ungapbsuoigasn3-q/videos?sort=da&amp;view=0&amp;flow=grid ) * . 
  demo disk , openhaus and wheelhaus are the best . 
  and try chaser and sims cunt back when they were inside gaming, 
  i believe that he was a hacker . 
  that was way back before many major updates and expansions . 
  attack on titan needed more wall breakdowns, 
  this generation is so fucking retarded , holy shit . 
  why us ? 
  i cheated on it with the hammerhead, 
  half of the album is pretty good . 
  the other half is meh so i deleted them . 
  [ 5 songs left ] ( https://imgur.com/28q9lpz ) but i really like them . 
  i got so pissed when i found out that hrongar was taken, 
  you should play minecraft story mode drunk,
