  i love it . 
  is that hagar ? 
  i 'm a big fan of verb the noun !, 
  can you autograph my comment ? 
  thanks !, 
  your music saved my life !, 
  nazeem is cool . 
  heimskr must die . 
  well , hello there . 
  obviously . 
  but i do n't really mind since i 'm kinda narcissistic . 
  this is a different timeline so it doese n't matter at all . 
  is that the game where you burn stuff in a furnace ? 
  what happens later ? 
  i did n't get very far . 
  but spoiler tag it , just in case . 
  i watched dd for the first time a few days ago . 
  and yeah it kinda feels like it . 
  yeah . 
  tell tale games need to step up their game . 
  sometimes neither of us thinks and just responds with sarcasm . 
  it 's just a friend from / r/jerktalkdiamond . 
  do n't ask . 
  you 're gon na ask about it , wo n't you ? 
  it 's not really murder . 
  it 's death on command ( dunno how to say it ) but i get what you mean . 
  but to me it 's not even about that . 
  the reason i watched it was because i really liked light . 
  shows with villainous protagonists are few and there are even less good ones . 
  hyped for the rest . 
  as it should be, 
  i 'd like more `` i have a problem '' - ish stuff . 
  but i doubt that 's happening . 
  you can put a tag next to usernames . 
  i often forget why someone has a tag tho ... 
  i see the person i tagged as the `` fapenist '' ( fap + scientist ) all the time . 
  and i do n't remember why . 
  my immortal altmer dragon man is forever lost in apocrypha . 
  there was nothing left to learn or to fight . 
  vanguard is super cool . 
  but can you get invisiblessed like predator ( best movie ) ? 
  that 's why infiltrator is cooler . 
  well ... nothing left to learn in skyrim . 
  he got grounded by his father ( my previous character ) , so he ca n't leave and go explore other parts of nirn . 
  it 's deathcore but does it count as a love song ? 
  [ hitomi 's shinobi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdbi3voficg ) ** / s **, 
  that sounds amazing and terrifying . 
  grindo ? 
  about three fiddy, 
  rip in piece, 
  john cena ? 
  this is way too good, 
  he is bursting with sexual dark hado, 
  ## do we panic now ?!, 
  i dunno wat do, 
  i already did . 
  ... did you ? 
  brave , are n't ya ? 
  better be careful . 
  goblin darts could be around the corner . 
  did the pizza really ruin code geass for some people ? 
  wojak in the corner images are the best, 
  r e p o s t, 
  this post is so coputers wew guy, 
  wew buddy, 
  if you 're tired of starting over ... just . 
  give . 
  who are you talking to ? 
  what 's going on ? 
  does n't twitch mute the stream when copyrighted music plays ? 
  or did something change ? 
  i love the game but it does n't seem like a funhaus game . 
  ( a broken mess , mindless or a playgound ), 
  would putting a dickbutt there instead of an eula change anything at all ? 
  i get the feeling that the presents were different . 
  might be the shrapnel in my chest . 
  you can also run it on pc with some apps . 
  that 's not how it works, 
  plesase post it when you do ... you 're doing god 's work . 
  i have problems going * back * . 
  nero has too much nothing and dante has too much of everything . 
  vergil is perfect for me . 
  we at / r/trippinthroughtime ? 
  i loike it, 
  i guess naruto counts . 
  i do n't like him . 
  sasuke is way better . 
  who names their son boruto anyway ? 
  sounds like a russian knockoff . 
  i heard they have an unique food item or something . 
  `` cockmeat sandwich '', 
  ayyy, 
  it 's that bad ? 
  yeah ... maybe i 'll stick to sarcasm . 
  probably a stroke . 
  spicy butthole, 
  this guy knows what he 's talkin ' aboot ... 
  watching them do detective work made me realize that i 'm actually good a vidya game detective work . 
  ca n't wait for them to find [ spoiler ] ( #s `` nathan 's keypad locked creepy sex dungeon '' ), 
  ooohhh ...
