  i have never seen mediocrity spelled like that, 
  edit : it said meterocroty , you balls will never be the same, 
  is this unavailable because it was made by a terror cell in the international waters or something ? 
  kane busted out from under the ring and pulled seth rollins under, 
  did anyone ask for a reboot ? 
  it was n't fucking done yet or old enough, 
  well there 's the problem, 
  i missed this one , how many drinks would you recommend for this one ? 
  this was a while ago , last year i think . 
  he might even be a good guy now , i do n't really watch it anymore . 
  you 're not even real, 
  it 's not really about that for me . 
  it 's about watching performers do crazy shit together live with no cuts or second chances . 
  it 's like ballet and it 's just as gay, 
  i ca n't listen to it , i might die . 
  just 3 more days, 
  i might be missing something , but what makes cryptocurrency valuable at all ? 
  when it transitions back to the suspect laying on the floor we see phelps ' back with a huge justice kanji and his hat falling down like in terry bogard 's win quote, 
  and are n't we eventually going to lose our pinky toes too ? 
  [ i ca n't believe you committed suicide ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pklvffznpk ), 
  i usually root for the antagonist , but holy smokes , i sure did root for him here . 
  the main character is terrible . 
  i kind of hated that whole thing . 
  did n't find it funny at all , just wanted to see some damn video games, 
  did n't we already say it was gon na happen at the last tgs ? 
  is that a real vo, 
  watch him not get it at all . 
  watch him win super hard while millions cry out, 
  he 's an idealist idiot through the whole movie while the ceo tried to do what was needed . 
  got tons of people exploded by postponing the kills . 
  he also somehow killed an armed ex-solder and planted grenades on everyone so i dunno about all that . 
  could n't have really known that at the time . 
  i do n't really wan na argue about this movie anymore , i do n't like it, 
  anything is gay if you think about it hard enough, 
  they better plop out todd next time for something cool, 
  they 're doing chloe and rachel . 
  i 'd rather not have that at all , because it 's unnecessary imo . 
  but * i do n't think * this is the next lis game , there was some news that dontnod are making the next lis while another studio is doing the prequel . 
  i can just look at them and think softly , and it 's not gay, 
  `` you were merely ported to the pc ; i was born in it , molded by it . 
  i did n't see the console until i was already a man , by then it was nothing to me but blinding ! '', 
  - banelith, 
  not a single bad song . 
  it does n't matter who it is ( but actually it 's gootecks , a fighting game player ) , it 's just a face you make when something appropriate happens . 
  back when sf was good, 
  [ here is the full thing , i think ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvnu4heae5c ), 
  wish i had a stav laugh track when i discovered this, 
  the flesh of your fellow man, 
  sam currently holds a monopoly on shootings , competition is good . 
  fighterzzzuh, 
  i did n't like the new wss at all , loved their previous stuff . 
  so , this one is my aoty so far . 
  % 100 hot fire as the kids would say, 
  yeah ... the balls to ass slapping angle ... 
  yeah , i do n't really care . 
  the wrong character won , is what i 'm salty about . 
  everyone is having fun shitting on sfv , i do n't see that as negative, 
  everyone is having fun shitting on sfv , i do n't see that as negative, 
  `` get this conga line going , you * fucking pussies * ! '', 
  children of crime, 
  did s2 come out ? 
  was it good ? 
  nothing beats beating broads, 
  i understand what he 's saying but i think it 's * too much * english, 
  secretly abs are  ass  titties, 
  celebrimbor sounded straight up evil in bright lord , so i do n't think they 're not gon na have a twist like that, 
  [ pat confirmed for smasher ] ( https://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/twobestfriendsplay/images/b/bd/bring_back_benoit.gif/revision/latest?cb=20130908205341 ), 
  a dozen funko pops embedded into his weird leg, 
  by abs i mean rock hard plates of meat , not sacks of lard, 
  oh no , i ca n't watch predator because jesse ventura used the f word, 
  i 'm already a chaos demon, 
  take . 
  seat . 
  does she ever acknowledge that she 's a killing machine ? 
  he 's in my behind !, 
  you do n't have to be so fucking rood, 
  `` feed me a necro '', 
  `` yes , sir . 
  * pulls out gun * '', 
  for real , my little sister drives better with a keyboard, 
  simple solution . 
  exterminate the wormkin, 
  i 'm really autistic when it comes to girls , just really like 'em . 
  you should 've slaughtered him tbh, 
  guys you got ta stop , my router is overheating because of all the quoting, 
  same . 
  love the color scheme , reminds me of [ vildhjarta 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/x14sy8f.jpg ) [ thousands of evils ] ( http://i.imgur.com/msnhfwt.jpg ) covers . 
  make good wallpapers . 
  ca n't believe vince fell for the roman meme, 
  but seriously capcom , make good video games now , please, 
  dandonfuga is the artist, 
  edit : there are also always different versions of fuga 's images if you back him on patreon or whatever ( or you know ... find it buried on an island on the sea ) . 
  bush , no bush , bra , no bra , and more . 
  also wallpaper versions sometimes, 
  yeah , i do n't see a point or any kind of pride in letting my head explode . 
  guess it 's different philosophies but i 'd rather kill than die . 
  not because of fear of death , but because i do n't wan na give up and lose . 
  ghost has like the best thing going on with their look, 
  i love the album but i just ca n't stand this song . 
  something about it makes me angry,
