  it 's super unhealthy but i feel fine . 
  i love serious sam . 
  this is n't a david cage game . 
  sounds like reapers do n't like our freedom ... 
  well ... it can be created ... 
  [ bro team ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmg_0bu1i5m ) convinced me not to play this . 
  it was supposed to be a good game . 
  they stink and look gross . 
  i do n't understand how can someone have a foot fetish . 
  i am skeleton jelly, 
  watch out for the pointy bits !, 
  website exclusive ? 
  do n't you fucking dare , souls ... bible black needs to win !, 
  i almost forgot about gg, 
  it 's like a `` so bad , it 's good '' movie . 
  i like how the suit blends in with the background . 
  that drum roll video was really unsatisfying . 
  meanwhile at / r/noisygifs, 
  i played p4 on an emulator and ... holy fucking shit it 's so hype . 
  i want p5, 
  singularity . 
  you get a glove that kinda manipulates time . 
  but not in the way you 'd think . 
  in example . 
  you see a broken bridge , no way across . 
  you reverse time on the bridge and it gets reconstructed . 
  also , some story choices at the end . 
  and the gunplay is enjoyable , by the way . 
  the stalker series ? 
  you can mod the , to be super hard and they 're open world . 
  i hate them . 
  a good example why :, 
  dmc devil may cry . 
  i took an alternate dante skin , the one with white hair i think on my 2nd playthrough on a higher difficulty . 
  in engine cutsene plays ... dude has custom skin . 
  then ... pre rendered artefact crap plays and he 's just the default character . 
  i hate that stuff . 
  it 's immersion breaking for me . 
  a reasonable gpu requirement . 
  strange . 
  prototype 2 . 
  i really liked the little bits of story you find in the blackwatch audio logs . 
  shame activision smacked prototype down ... 
  i suggest you run @ hide your wife and hide you kids !, 
  `` copy that '', 
  ok , guy ... it 's v bagging actually ... women do n't have tea, 
  bro team ? 
  i said it in my comment above . 
  his face like a zyn from saints row 4, 
  * hmph * team hammerhead for life, 
  also , not really sure but try wasteland 2, 
  yeah . 
  the main zyn is a pretty interesting villain . 
  i highly recommend their chaser and rogue warrior videos . 
  thankfully it 's far enough . 
  and they 're not that bullshit . 
  they 're actually really handy if i 'm not sure about a decision . 
  and when the jock threw the ball and hit that girl on the bench , i rewinded a bunch of times to see it again . 
  you also get answers from the future . 
  what if they started playing jenga with it ? 
  i should buy a horse ... 
  shin megami tensei would be cool, 
  a new sub is born ... * sniff *, 
  ofc a fagola would say that, 
  it was taken down once i think , or it was flagged . 
  dude controls flames . 
  and when he kills someone he says `` an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth , evil for evil '', 
   found the puush hipster, 
  dubs , how do the work ? 
  attack on titan , jojo , death note and hotd, 
  the nipples are n't in the right place . 
  or so i 've heard . 
  amazing follower overhaul let 's you have lots of followers, 
  no , only 4 . 
  i was in the castle fighting the big knight guy . 
  i did n't get at first that this was permadeath . 
  now i 'm too lazy to get back into it ... 
  i hate mirrors . 
  is he gon na kill her for a melee boost ? 
  stop right there criminal scum !, 
  it has retries on easy but it also makes combat easier . 
  but since i 'm more interested in the story i 'll stay on easy . 
  also , the way i died was kinda bullshit . 
  3 party members down in 1 hit and i did n't have a revive . 
  and then he finished off kyo . 
  and that was the end of that . 
   grav increases . 
   goku mode on . 
   train to become a true super sand lesbian, 
  op confirmed for homo, 
  florida ? 
  seems like a good idea, 
  fuck this this shit , i 'm outta here, 
  it 's probably spanish too ... 
  a year ago my crafts were decent and i got on other planets . 
  now ... they look like garbage and fly like garbage . 
  are chrome extension-man now ? 
   `` it 's not the destination , so much as the journey . '', 
  - captain jack sparrow, 
  still ... it woulda been nice if grendal used both of his arms ...
