  it 's worth it . 
  you get 3 new characters with little gibblets of story so you 're not playing with them for nothing . 
  clearly best girl, 
  the co-founder ( or something ) of tpb could n't get older consoles but he could get newer ones in sweden . 
  ca n't link it on mobile but check / r/piracy, 
  whoa there , chief . 
  keep your guns in your pants . 
  i 'm not being detained , am i ? 
  overlord just started . 
  mc ( skele-kun ) is a huge badass skeleton in an mmo . 
  i 'm in the same boat , friend . 
  they are literally cancer . 
  total biscuit is a victim . 
  just be careful when reading , you might catch it too . 
  where are my hot single moms in my area ? 
  those are some really meh lyrics . 
  [ breakdown of sanity - crumble ] ( https://youtu.be/wz2d1mhikpi?t=50s ) gets me pumped even when i 'm laying down . 
  i wan na just take off like a rocket, 
  the chosen one !, 
  i do n't like burgers tho . 
  but i 'll take the dank fries, 
  i also liked those . 
  so maybe check out code geass , code : breaker ( unrelated animes ) , shiki , legend of legendary heroes , claymore . 
  and i almost forgot !, 
  it fits the description the most . 
  it 's really good, 
  mr. skele-kun will not spook you . 
  you might as well stop at the hot and mental milestone, 
  or just more dogs and eyes, 
  pitchfork deathmatch !, 
  thanks !, 
  it 's definitely not a stolen gif from / r/4chan or whatever that is haha, 
  it 's trying to learn r'lyehian, 
  did you try turning yourself off and on again ? 
  then you swing super hard and miss, 
  but ash is n't batman or turian ( or alive ) . 
  garrus can be as racist as he wants , he wins in my playthrough . 
  try psyrim ( it 's ambient , not non stop gangnam style ) . 
  not really creepy but changes the atmosphere, 
  i thought they were done with fillers . 
  who the what the ? 
  why would you want that if you 're an average consumer ? 
  you 're on reddit . 
  you do n't need a reason, 
  you can still eat it . 
  can i offer links ? 
  * `` yo bro , i got a link bro . 
  pm me if you want the link , bro '' * ? 
  i wish that was a subreddit instead of fb . 
  maybe i 'll do it later today . 
  i mean it 's a shameless theft of an idea but we 're reddit and that is facebook so it 's alright . 
  right ? 
  ^ right ? 
  well the music industry progressed and so did he . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've heard a djent part in this song which is right now getting bigger in the metal and core music . 
  do n't worry . 
  if facebook comes after me i 'm dragging you down with me : ^ ), 
  thanks daddio, 
  i hayyte when people do n't lmao . 
  ... uncultured swine, 
  i like how predator did this . 
  advanced tech but they are like tribal hunters instead of animals . 
  communicating with snarls and clicks while some can speak human language . 
  i do n't watch anime frequently so i ca n't give you a huge list . 
  but i know some anime that have cold mcs from the start if you want that . 
  i have n't finished any of these yet so they might turn into babies by the end . 
  darker than black , hellsing ultimate , gantz , psycho pass , zettai karen children : the unlimited , gantz ( that 's what i can think of right now ) . 
  oh and i 've heard good things about monster , so there 's that . 
  check out my mal , you might find something else since we have a similar taste . 
  builds , weapons , new heists , higher difficulties , infamy etc. 
  it 's time to du du du du du duel !, 
  there was a post in a forum a long time ago that describes the most amazing predator open world game we never had . 
  this kills the vargas, 
  i hated fiting skeltals in los2 . 
  too stronk and spooky, 
  i 've been looking for that too . 
  there 's fucking nothing ( for me at least ) . 
  overlord just started so you might wan na check that out . 
  you might have more luck with manga . 
  i found lost + brain and shamo . 
  it feels like he 's less mobile than in dmc3 . 
  i really miss the trick up + helm breaker spam . 
  i think i 'm gon na serve him dinner . 
  lawrencebot !, 
  give me free coffee, 
  i 'm alright . 
  he flies me out of there with bats and drops me on my butt . 
  then when i get back with the ... interns i just toss them down and take a leap of faith . 
  then i spend some time just falling down . 
  thinking about life choices . 
  then i realize how cool this vampire is and i fall asleep mid air . 
  i wake up in front of the dinner table and i put the interns onto it . 
  the darkest timeline ... 
  ** why are we yelling ?!, 
  and yeah !, 
  maybe ... what do i get in return ?!, 
  other than money ?!, 
  it 's quite simple . 
  / u/notarapist72 did nein/11, 
  shoulda made some pc gaems ... oh well,
