  ayy dude 's dead it seems, 
  op is a fuckshit, 
  good crop m8 , good crop, 
  i really fucking hope so, 
  you forgot the first / shitlord, 
  must be nice being rich . 
  and it was gay before it even started, 
  was not ready for skellon , major spook, 
  i played flatout 2 a few years ago . 
  it 's a bit hazy , but ... holy shit this looks like absolute garbage in comparison . 
  and now , barely any game has cheats . 
  get it on sale and mod the shit out of it, 
  sam l jackson as dovahkiin . 
  it would be an action adventure comedy . 
  straw . 
  i prefer a low 360 kick, 
  i believe only what the high priest says . 
  but interesting theory . 
  dude looks like a viking . 
  dat beard * kappa *, 
  what 's with these runescape shitposts everywhere ? 
  dragan looks like he could knock out a dozer with a headbutt, 
  if he continues to be an evil bastard in s2 i will be super happy . 
  it 's so hard to find good evil stuff these days . 
  he was worse in the manga ? 
  if that 's the case ... well fuck . 
  then i got ta give that a try and get my evil fix . 
  i really want to make this into mod but i 'm so lazy . 
  well , if someone else wants to do it , use macho dragons as a template and replace the sounds . 
  oh , ze bad gaem . 
  i remember it . 
  we want longer aleks !, 
  just wanted to say that both pat and bro team have weird canadian ginger baby eyes and lips, 
  [ but you can get another barrel ] ( http://www.vampiresandzombies.com/images/dtd_best_gun_ever.jpg ), 
  flashbacks, 
  i use all 3 . 
  the only crashes i had were the `` hoxhud initialized '' and big oil 2nd day crash . 
  is that an o face ? 
  maybe i should move to sweden , south korea or japan . 
  removed ? 
  i miss the ayy lmao mask, 
  the russian fart seems to be your names in russian . 
  or what they would be . 
  i feel like windows is the son of microsoft . 
  and valve is the awesome uncle we hang out with . 
  and xbox is the brat of a little brother . 
  looks like a good alpha , just like ksp . 
  i watched nerd ^ 3 play it , and it looked pretty fun to screw around with . 
  i do n't agree but ... it 's your decision so ... eh , i guess . 
  thanks mr skeltal, 
  i love being the villain, 
  jojo s1 and s2 . 
  season 3 is a bit meh . 
  renegade for life, 
  * mic explodes in the peasant 's face *, 
  antonio `` pc '' masteras, 
  yeah , i. . . 
  i ca n't use apps . 
  too much of a hassle for my lazy ass . 
  skelton warning pls !, 
  the game might be a piece of shit , but you do n't know that . 
  oooff i feel bad for you . 
  i muted at the last second . 
  rip gay tony * sniff *, 
  they do n't know their meme lore, 
  can someone brief me on 4chan lore about this guy ? 
  edit : ah , the original autismo, 
  m'strong nord lady, 
  i listened to it for a year straight . 
  now i 'm going back to electronic stuff . 
  celldweller and the monstercat people . 
  but i keep ` core songs that i like on the list . 
  can you shoot him in the face ? 
  reminds me of kerrigan . 
  boatmaster x is love . 
  i used the default keyboard for dmc3 . 
  and for 4 i put the movement on the arfow keys and the combat suff on a , s , z , x etc. 
  i coulda used asdf but i ca n't use my pinky for anything other than shift . 
  that part when the boss guy starts talking about the boogyman ... goosebumps and hype . 
  i meant from starcraft . 
  do n't forget the shitbucket ^ tm, 
  himself ofc, 
  i 'm thinking of overclocking my dual core 2.60 ghz to 3 or a bit more . 
  anyone know how much it will improve performance ? 
  set torrents to seed , descending . 
  it 's just feels, 
  the only thing they have to do is make the thing good !, 
  they can do that right ? 
  i like these guys . 
  their last 2 rpgs were alright . 
  but they needed some polish . 
  animations , face and lip sync are a bit clunky in their games . 
  also some better voice actors would be nice . 
  textures and models are ok . 
  lighting is pretty good . 
  as for the replayability goes ... my memory of mars war logs is a bit hazy and i do n't remember if choices and dialogue really mattered . 
  bound by flame had 2 pretty clear routes . 
  but you could be a goody guy all the way and side with the demon at the end and vice versa . 
  this could be the one . 
  i hope thes,
