  they drive me up the wall, 
  the nigga is silent, 
  not shown in picture : exposed balls, 
  better be a mount, 
  lucky ted, 
  i 'm at that point where i 'm beyond depression . 
  it 's like ... 
  i know how insignificant i am on the cosmic scale but i do n't care . 
  i play vidya , listen to music , watch movies/animu/youtube and shitpost . 
  \\  implying there 's a chin to be covered, 
  this is the only tdwp song that i 've deleted . 
  to me it sounds like a bunch of nothing . 
  once a year i do it just out of curiosity . 
  i take a look at metal , hard electronic stuff like aggrotech , cybergoth and industrial stuff . 
  do n't have any in my library but i like it . 
  fus , ro and dah . 
  i think this gave me asmrs, 
  it reminds me of etid . 
  i like etid but i came here for prada . 
  kek < --, 
  kek, 
  kek, 
  yeah , that 's cool but do you dab , dab ? 
  could n't come up with a title so just look at it . 
  here 's the [ source ] ( http://www.hentai-foundry.com/pictures/user/yinyue/446929/a-sketch-of-hot-girl ), 
  i have n't watched wwe in a few months . 
  what 's crossfit jesus up to now ? 
  gog version is up too now, 
  he used to flail around like a madman to his old theme i think . 
  i wish the rest of the album had cleans like this song , still great tho, 
  do n't have spotify , so here 's some text to look at :, 
  set to stun , stories , oathbreaker , to speak of wolves , darke complex , hellions , darkness divided , never see tomorrow , hacktivist , humanitiy 's last breath , she must burn . 
  it 's meme magic . 
  it 's seeping everywhere, 
  yeah , it was weird listening to them the first time . 
  it 's like `` oh , shit boyo . 
  did n't know i 'd be listening to a serbian film '', 
  i 've seen his o-face and i ca n't get it out of my brain, 
  were they playing on pat 's perfectly calibrated tv ? 
  i 'd be easier to be blindfolded, 
  i would feel so betrayed . 
  it 's not as hard as it seems . 
  you just have to plug stuff in where the stuff goes, 
  yeah , that sure is calming . 
  maybe not the * chlk * ... * chlk * * chlk * where he browses the menus for some reason, 
  i read rodger elliot 's manifesto and holy smokes , what a deluded motherfucker . 
  i almost fell into a cringe induced coma when he called himself a gentleman . 
  i too am now addicted to crack, 
  they literally hunt aliens tho, 
  i did . 
  not really because of the amount of text but because it was so boring to me . 
  the game felt like a stale cookie , like why would i eat this . 
  i 'm not a screameologist , but i 'm not sure if just a week is enough to git gud at screaming . 
  they literally have a flair here, 
  you got a problem with short haired girls , bro ? 
  do n't mess with the best hair , bro, 
  what did you expect from the 5th sequel ? 
  i 'd rather have something new and cool than something old and kinda lame getting fixed, 
  so can you use this spotify if your country is not on the list ? 
  [ heaven shall burn ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-btyi1cxrg ) . 
  they just released a new album too , but this song is so fucking good . 
  this always comes up when these bands are mentioned, 
  \\  anvil tornado shield, 
  i got this game for free multiple times . 
  why the fuck have i never installed this, 
  can you beat on them while they 're down ? 
  like mount them and wail on them ? 
  i 've tried but every time i miss or the hit does n't do anything, 
  not short enough tbh . 
  also be careful posting lewd stuff . 
  i got banned for a week one time , whoops . 
  was n't there like a guy that fucked a cow heart , got electrocuted and died ? 
  probably more antisemitism, 
  yo , those were some fat vapes , yo . 
  yo , why yo nails dat long, 
  it should be updated with that opera scene from hannibal season 2, 
  i could n't find a reaction image but i found [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uwmvbru.png ) . 
  i do n't remember drawing that, 
  man , i sound like a dinkhead, 
  `` they 're the ones that are racists and bigots , they think maybe we 're gay cus we got pink eyes or red eyes or whatever ... and then it turns out me might be straight !, 
  we could be ... 
  i have n't had a such good laf in a while, 
  nothing actually . 
  maybe i should become a full time douchebag . 
  oh , that 's not a diamo . 
  that 's supposed to be a spooky pic when you open the thread . 
  the diamo i put up is n't even in the thread . 
  the original is this one, 
  yeah , i always wanted to ask about that . 
  now i can rest, 
  i 'm kinda retarded right now cus i 'm playing a game on roll20 , so :, 
  the header that 's already up there , the spooky red diamo . 
  that 's the final version . 
  i did n't post a link in this thread to it . 
  the first version , the one with the little bit cut off is the prototype that i just uploaded as a little bonus . 
  the confident flopping image is me trying to spook you when you open the thread . 
  was the explanation autistic enough ? 
  it 's 1:46 am and i have a shitload of tabs and shit 's getting interesting in the game , that 's why this sounds like garbage . 
  i am . 
  do you wan na know something about the future ?
