  i 'd still fuck garrus , miranda and femshep . 
  and the story is basically 1 : * oh no ... * 2 : oh no . 
  the characters are what made me replay this series so much, 
  they usually start to smell when they 're grey tho, 
  get a flair friendo , the snipers have you in their sights, 
  make them suffer has a monster vocalist + a lady on the backing vocals . 
  vildhjarta has a mid/high + a low screamer . 
  only 1 clean section on the first album and 2 on the second . 
  i knew exactly what that link was before even checking . 
  like , why 'd frankie write that ? 
  any advice for beginner pimps ? 
  i 'm playing a stars without numbers game with my friends and we 're planning on starting a general crime empire . 
  we made a bunch of money by selling a dozen or so slaves . 
  we kept one to be our main hoe . 
  now we 're looking to buy a place to be our base/crime hole . 
  plenty of my comments have homicidal undertones , so nothing new there, 
  you underestimate his power . 
  he may be small but that is because it 's all concentrated power . 
  check the wiki , he can parry an ora ora from paige, 
  what 's your unpopular metalcore opinion ? 
  making your games about the characters and then doing goofy shit like making one of them missable and locking one away behind dlc was probably one of the dumbest things about mass effect . 
  one of these days i got ta do the depression run . 
  just fuck everything up, 
  the ending is n't at me2 but at me3 . 
  you just have to lose as many squadmates as you can but survive . 
  it 's about making shepard the most miserable human . 
  [ the heartsmear teaser ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-fbgqqdqg4 ) is the most recent thing . 
  i feel your pain tho . 
  they 're like a black hole, 
   at night i like to relax by lighting some candles and sitting in an ice bath while listening to norwegian black metal, 
  now this is ~ ~ real hip hop ~ ~ trve black metal, 
  devoured by the woolie hole or an eternity on the boat with guts and kenny . 
  where do you live , friend ? 
  i 'll bring my dade 's chainsaw, 
  a private homo, 
  i wan na say silent planet or make them suffer but we 've all seen the goddamn awards a month ago , so the obvious answer is architects . 
  it does n't work perfectly on most naut css subs tho . 
  it 's broken, 
  does this count ? 
  [ breakdown of sanity - crumble ] ( https://youtu.be/wz2d1mhikpi?t=49s ), 
  not sure what you mean by `` big '' but these are bangers . 
  breakdown of sanity , phinehas , i am noah , darkness divided , fit for a king , make them suffer , darkest hour , becoming the archetype . 
  well i 'll let you know that there are interesting side quests you can definitely miss, 
  i 've had westworld just sitting there for 2 months . 
  i decided to rewatch iasip instead, 
  sounds like something the box kid would say ... hmm ... 
  look at this gay nerd reading gay books lmao, 
  i wish i had the motivation to read anything other than lovecraft . 
  actually even that , i just listen to a podcast that abridges his stories . 
  i was about to say that for me to even try to read something the protagonist needs to not be morally white but this is the witcher so there 's no excuse there . 
  i just do n't wan na strain myself by actively deciding to read it , that 's my problem . 
  are you looking at / r/all and the defaults ? 
  that 's detrimental to your mental health so you made a good decision . 
  best to hang out with communities you like, 
  i really wan na see a new sw rpg with modern graphics . 
  i love the trope of being evil makes you look evil . 
  like how shepard in mass effect becomes a terminator , i want my sith to look like palpatine . 
  you 're right actually . 
  varg is pretty lit, 
  yeah , you can basically just tell the last 2 bosses to fuck off , i 'm the boss now . 
  so do we owe our thanks to pat and crazy talk now ? 
  it 's a sub to visit maybe twice to see that there other people like you . 
  not just jerk in a child hating circle forever . 
  i think kids are awful but that sub is on another level . 
  [ scandroid ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfxdiyyu9nm ) , dude, 
  oh yeah , anal hooks are a thing, 
  a physics based slug type penis based creature that slides around on dick slime ? 
  edit : think i had a stroke thinking about this, 
  then there 's the scary guy that wears foreskins as rings, 
  sometimes more is more, 
  i 'll say what i said one time in another sub, 
  i tried to like pillars of eternity 5 times and every time i hate it . 
  i always hear how it 's so good but i ca n't figure out which part that is . 
  story is the only reason why i play crpgs so i just cheat through the combat ( i do n't find it fun , and being overpowered feels nice ) . 
  not a single piece of text in this goddamn game hooked me in . 
  people say you can be evil ( and i love being the evil guy in games ) but the story is just so boring . 
  it 's so frustrating , i want to cry . 
  [ it is ** very ** cool ] ( http://prototype.wikia.com/wiki/file:alex_armor_fr.png ) . 
  you get claws , a big steel bone whip thinger and other things like a [ tendril explosion ] ( http://prototype.wikia.com/wiki/file:p1_alex_t_barrage_dev.jpg ), 
  king crimson . 
  because crime, 
  now you 're just making me want to watch it . 
  it 's like that ask reddit thread where they said that listening to this murder tape will erode your soul, 
  are her legs beefy tentacles ? 
  let 's become their mouths then, 
  the host is long gone . 
  we are like a spider web without a center . 
  i 'd just eat ghouls to see how cool i 'd look as a kakuja, 
  can someone explain to me what happened to rize ? 
  it 's been a long time since i read the original manga . 
  why does furuta have her kagune ? 
  how is he gon na make babbies ? 
  i 'm probably not remembering this correctly but did n't ken eat her ? 
  is this some dr. kanou fuckery ? 
  right , that 's what i was thinking about . 
  thanks for solving the puzzle , friend . 
  solir of the abuss, 
  the toybox ( or toolbox , not sure ) killer tapes . 
  it 's not that complicated . 
  booze beast,
