  i wish i could just get money for existing, 
  i just did something else that 's not productive or healthy . 
  reading jojo part 5 now and watching it 's always sunny, 
  i threw it away myself tbh, 
  i also love weird color pallets . 
  the 2012 animu felt like a trance when i binged it . 
  if there 's anything i 've learned from jojo , is that even the lamest shit can slap your shit, 
  brandon is their friend but they shit on him as much as they shit on adam . 
  might be just me but the [ electronic wailing ] ( https://youtu.be/jm932sqwf5e?t=35m10s ) on bfg division makes me cackle like an omnicidal madman, 
  why do you even care ? 
  yeah , but most of the time cool stuff is impractical in souls, 
  what do you mean ? 
  that 's almost like death note levels of broken and useful, 
  that would be sick . 
  there 's something similar in a dynasty/samurai warrios game . 
  you slash left and your shadow slashes right . 
  but i think you can separate for a few moments, 
  then you think about your stand and think `` this is n't araki * enough * '', 
  [ and so much metal ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zrdq4.png ), 
  please help us, 
  those were sick . 
  there was the gun guy , cool guy , and titty girl . 
  i actually asked the drummer in the band thread . 
  [ it 's some sick-ass scp agent shit ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/metalcore/comments/5o3u5n/check_out_my_band_thread_january_2017/dchgi15/ ), 
  i 'll be super disappointed if it is . 
  tyranny is one of my favorites while poe bored me out of my mind . 
  i bet she 's a fucking console s l u t, 
  i think he 's talking about the tabletop not the actual upcoming game . 
  would be pretty weird to have rng negate your personal skill while manually aiming . 
  he 's always there , the engine was just not running for a month . 
  is it a graphics option ? 
  if we push it hard enough maybe they 'll disable it for future videos . 
  even if bethesda put titties in the game i 'd just get a better mod . 
  the shorter the hair , the better the waifu, 
  what 's your secret ? 
  how do you laugh longer than half a second ? 
  i never tried to have sex with another human, 
  it just works, 
  ai640 part 2 would be nice but i 'll take it, 
  just like in my skyrim mods, 
  i do n't like it . 
  everything sounds same-y . 
  and i do n't feel anything while listening to them . 
  how can a dumb person use magic ?? 
  horror games make you hard ? 
  to reclaim the holy land , do n't let your faith waiver in these dire times !, 
  their looks have to be a ruse . 
  i bet they eat corpses , fucking necrophages . 
  a lot of loyalty for a pretending hair clip . 
  his weapons begin spewing darkness and salt . 
  crime . 
  * those people . 
  * the most depraved people of / d /, 
  i made the mistake of listening to the new album first ( which at the time was atlas ) and now i only like atlas . 
  for honor is nice . 
  hope it 'll get more content because it might get stale like this . 
  and pop on battle hardened body diesel and you get the results above, 
  ca n't put my finger on it . 
  atlas just sounds better than the old albums and ire was ... 
  i do n't even know . 
  danger !, 
  earthquake !, 
  should 've done the morally grey thing . 
  sacrifice dogger and slaughter rocksturd . 
  instead you literally doomed the industry . 
  black female samureeeeeeeeee ?????!!!!, 
  i did n't have a single problem with the for honor beta ( well , random freezes in menus , but whatever ) in gameplay and was wondering what the big deal was . 
  but as an ex-warframe player : oh . 
  ** big problem, 
  well yeah , that 's how a triple threat match often goes, 
  rice is nice . 
  let 's mail those savages straight to izanami . 
  i just cranked the guard mouse sensitivity to the max , got gud, 
  sorry , officer . 
  did n't see it stickied so i thought it was open season . 
  i love me a good oh-wah-ah-ah from time to time . 
  i 'm assuming you do n't have potatoes for hands ( if you do i ca n't help you ) but try to stick to a character and flex that muscle memory, 
   meany face, 
  it 's treason then, 
  become strong . 
  become giant, 
  shout engine is the free cum . 
  patreon is extra premium cum ( not a replacement for free cum , there 's good shit in there like rape science , play pretend and autism powers etc. ), 
  if your teacher is cool they might not even be surprised next time . 
  i was just really lazy and did n't care about anything and she recognized that . 
  it was like yeah , no point in giving you a bad grade since you 'll just fix it by memorizing the whole thing and then you 'll forget about it right away . 
  perhaps ... will the murder-orgy be for humans or for fishmen ? 
  just thinking about it made me loop back . 
  like azathoth dreaming of azathoth . 
  eyelashes , eyebrows and short hair . 
  that 's all you need . 
  have you seen the accountant ? 
  this happens for real, 
  my man likes sex, 
  that 's my second favorite matt sound . 
  my favorite is the game of thrones dance, 
  there 's something about warlord 's animations that seems off to me . 
  feels really clunky playing as him , love conqueror tho . 
  in my g ????!!, 
  it might have an effect on him if all he 's played was the original mario his whole life,
