  damn dude . 
  is this watch_dogs again ? 
  jordan did n't mention reddit in the qa part ... 
  damn you blues joke guy !, 
  i want to see kootrapolitan . 
  pls, 
  i got ta start watching this again . 
  i stopped because they were in that dungeon of nothingness and woolie was being an absolute scrub . 
  i would punch it too , it 's fucking ugly . 
  do you ever wonder what it smells like down there ? 
  it kinda looks like a star cluster, 
  is that where gouki became akuma ? 
  the ? 
  slots should be filled with all versions woolie 's characters . 
  just like the naruto ultimate shitstorm games . 
  i grew up with the serious sam games , i know what you mean . 
  ah , this just reminded that i have to catch up on the daily dose of jordan 's luck . 
  is n't the attic haunted ? 
  dat ass confirmed . 
  is all youre family died 2 ? 
  his true face shows in the sunlight . 
  probably australia or canada, 
  pffft `` wife not amused ... '' , you amused / r/skyrim . 
  that is better . 
  mass exorcism . 
  very efficient . 
  i have faith in the gibbed guy, 
  it 's like that relatively sexy mutant from the forest . 
  the fart looks semi-liquid, 
  ulfwho ? 
  or becoming thane and later coming back as an imperial to deliver the message from tulius and balgruuf says : `` you there '' . 
  like i 'm not the thane . 
  you can disable that in better vampires, 
  this is the most metal thread i 've seen !, 
  oh god ... 
  that 's only the surface . 
  lovers lab ( \u0361\u0361 \u00b0 \u035c \u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  damn dude . 
  you guys think that having guest creatures on the show might boost his luck a bit ? 
  / r/thecreatures pls tell us, 
  have you heard of ventablack ? 
  gaming industry . 
  i mean come on ... 30fps , cinematic , `` debates and stuff '' ? 
  ubi and others pls, 
  oh , i forgot to mention fuckin ' early acces . 
  were n't they down for a long ass time ? 
  hey there fellow ig kid . 
  bmth - the sadness will never end ft sam carter, 
  what in the name of the creator are those neatherish sea monsters ? 
  killing dragons with zandatsu , fuck yeah . 
  i want a mount and blade or game of thrones overhaul . 
  goblin darts ? 
  who killed more cunts than cervical cancer ? 
  paragon pacifist ... 
  i listen to edm and metalcore , i ` ts all gay to them . 
  if you do n't listen to their garbage you 're sick , gay , retarded and weird . 
  i meant something like you becomming a jarl , doing diplomacy stuff , alliances , wars etc. 
  should we start posting ig rule34 on / r/rule34 ? 
  that part really reminds me of smosh, 
  `` nazis ... '' - the crimson fucker, 
  i tried pitching erekt to urbandictionary ... they did n't want it . 
  i would love to reject visitors there . 
  first tiem i visited my safehouse , i wait for phone call . 
  i walk up to it , bain says : you are kill . 
  nsfw pls , now am spook, 
  that quest sucks , not enough cannibalism . 
  i 'll still eat everyone though . 
  fuck the mannequins , man ... 
  i know they 're bugged but when i see them away from their place it creeps me out . 
  rip in christmas , 1d . 
  half life 3 = jordan gets a knife . 
  ( \u0361o \u035c\u0296 \u0361o ) thank you based markydaysaid for this awesome comic . 
  well , shit porn is kind of weird , really ... 
  i would imagine that it makes some people feel warm inside . 
  's gon be gud . 
  is a ghost bunny an easter egg too ? 
  whatever the fuck just happened , rip in pieces . 
  and almost any object in the room can be used as a weapon . 
  aaaaaah !, 
  i hate babies even more now !, 
  i was about to sleep . 
  no , uhh ... 
  i. . . we 're gon na do it tomorrow before class and figure it out . 
  i wan na play games , watch videos and be on reddit . 
  well shit , we do n't know jack and it 's almost our turn , you idiot . 
  * sigh * why were n't we born in a filthy rich family ? 
  because we suck . 
  ... real supportive , thanks . 
  now let 's sleep . 
  go on ... 
  no u, 
  coming soon q4 2015, 
  skelon got me , am 2dead4me, 
  you can try just help armor . 
  it should put the mods last because of the codes, 
  damn goblin darts !, 
  you can always do cg or hentai, 
  gaben is even here . 
  1spooky2u was waaaay better imho, 
  at least it 's not a cum jar with a mlp figure in it .
