  holy shit , the trygens are fucking spooky when the pounce at you from the distance . 
  i love moral dilemmas . 
  i want to get salty at their innocent baby choices . 
  i do n't hate it but it 's a bit meh . 
  it sounds weak and chaotic and it 's going all over the place . 
  not the worst anime op , but not the best . 
  there is not enough hype in it . 
  i rate it 6.5 / 10 . 
  high school of the dead . 
  sucks to be him . 
  that 's pretty rough . 
  i made something i 've been doing all the time an rc . 
  i crack my right index and middle fingers in tokyo ghoul style . 
  it 's time to du du du , du du du duel !, 
  i do n't see any nudity here ... 
  son of a bitch ... 
  they 're pretty much the same . 
  the original is a bit shittier . 
  he was putting him out of his misery . 
  that horrible smell used to be something delicious . 
  then it went through a human ... 
  hotline miami it is . 
  i think it 's a ram . 
  try hitting door knobs . 
  sir willems , protector of queen inside gamia . 
  clem is cool and all but i 'd like a change . 
  i 'd play as kenny and drop some salt licks but that 's definitely not happening , that and jenny as the mc . 
  too fabulous for my desktop , never too fabulous for ig . 
  i thought it was something like jojo did for the scenes in the dark when they changed the color of their hair and some other things . 
  one of my favorite osts right now . 
  what 's he on about ? 
  * takes off night mode * damn dude . 
  that dern sure needs fixing . 
  he should do metalcore . 
  understandable response imo . 
  meymays are immortal, 
  more rule34 alien, 
  what even, 
  what a fag . 
  tells me to choose . 
  i chose all of them . 
  why ? 
  no chance of failure and nobody will even know about it . 
  that or just for my psycho keks, 
  it probably looks gross and i would imagine the pain would be coming in pulses . 
  when ever nails , noses and teeth are involved i wince . 
  i thought this was / r/skyrim, 
  this is what 34 is all about . 
  more rule34 lamps, 
  it 's a me a skeleo !, 
  can someone explain why we still use megabits instead of megabytes ? 
  so , pretty much far cry 2, 
  i do n't know what to think anymore . 
  the anime is dragging it 's ass and leaving pointless episodes in it 's track again , at the damn end . 
  and the last few games are pretty much the same recycled stuff . 
  i will assassinate myself with salt now . 
  aliens vs predator 2010 ? 
  the kill moves are pretty brutal . 
  / r/mildlyinfuriating, 
  if it 's connected , and you do release the kraken ... then it 's a win-win scenario . 
  i think . 
  [ you were good ... one of the best ... see you in the future ... * thunbs up * ] ( http://t1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcshqrugg3iny3gnctwjqhwpcvxgh-vjycf-kufdadpupnpoq47s ), 
  at least the virus is kind enough to post our unfinished comme, 
  most of them are hilarious, 
  you mean that they 're pretty ok ? 
  i remember the interview with the bully . 
  kid even looks like an asshole . 
  guys , embrace the bone side !, 
  '' * ... . beep * '', 
  yeah , gaming and everything else that 's virtual is kinda more important to me than real life . 
  but that does n't mean that i 'm a giant blob sitting in a chair 24/7 . 
  i do n't think i 'm depressed or anything , i just wan na play games , watch youtube , listen to music and reddit . 
  these things make me happy . 
  what can i say ... 
  i do n't like people who do n't play games because they do n't or wo n't try to understand . 
  that 's why i avoid them and hang out on the web . 
  i do n't have anything better to do right now , so i 'm complaining . 
  * long sigh * i wish i had infinite monies . 
  all those anti internet faces look punchable . 
  internet or riot . 
  i l'mao, 
  go to hell op, 
  i feel like i should watch this . 
  i 've only seen the first 2ep and 5 minutes of the last , or was it end of eva ? 
  i dunno , it was very weird . 
  top kek elmao, 
  damn dude !, 
  that 's dern sure quite a bit of ram . 
  nah , it was just bling . 
  is n't that what civies are supposed to do already ? 
  edit : what the hell did i say ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i sprinted past some guys and picked the safe for the contents inside . 
  no alarm . 
  finishing devil may cry 3 on dmd difficulty . 
  got sad after that though ... 
  like that scene from matrix, 
  `` gantz is not for the faint-hearted , but neither is it as simple as it looks . 
  gore , rape and violence is rampant , as are portrayals of greed , violence , and all the ugliness that one sees in society today . '', 
  alright ... adding to list, 
  seems interesting , i 'll check it out .
