  e guys learn from the mistakes . 
  maybe i hate loli just because i hate kids ? 
  when they talk they sound like their minds is light years away from their head . 
  i also hate when i 'm watching something new and a new ~ ~ challenger ~ ~ character appears . 
  and suprise , it 's a loli . 
  i guess i like muscular jojos and crazy people like light or saeko . 
  also the second op of ghoul to me it 's literaly nothing . 
  saber is lame . 
  psycho pass is boring . 
  loli ... almost kills shows for me . 
  almost . 
  i ca n't stand that opening, 
  ep1 - ugh ... this kid, 
  ep who the knows - someone is impaled and blows up . 
  giant mech is glowing with bright sexual energy . 
  `` the devil himself '' someone says . 
  a giant milk lady is going into earth or ... 
  i do n't watch dubs . 
  but for japanese it 's fukuyama jun. 
  i really love when he does that deep high and mighty voice of lelouch or ryner when he goes crazy . 
  huh , i always said hunter eks hunter . 
  well i 'm dumb, 
  maybe their potato servers are at it again . 
  bringing literal meaning to `` this game ruined my life '', 
  you dern sure got joel right, 
  her eye is off , but the rest is cool, 
  the division is coming to pc cuz of a petition, 
  fuck this series and everything about it . 
  eat shit bioware . 
  grow the little beard bush . 
  this should become an actual thing . 
  and here is what it could sound like https://soundcloud.com/catnipco/riff-raff-x-asking-alexandria, 
  i tried hearthstone , failed at the tutorial once and gave up . 
  the name `` grey goo '' made me think it 's just another indie platformer . 
  the drill go get it . 
  here where i live , smiling at strangers is super weird . 
  / unspook, 
  what even is pixitr.com ? 
  what even ? 
  / spook, 
  thank mr skeltal, 
  still looks horrible . 
  that 's really metal . 
  what the actual f ? 
  them damn nazgul , man ... 
  walked a straight line across skyrim killing everyone in my path . 
  get ready for the fedoras, 
  i think i need some actual bleach after reading comments . 
  there is only so much one can do with dead bodies . 
  wish i had a cred card so i could buy gmod ... oh well , i 'll vote anyway . 
  well , i would need a gift game , and that i would need to buy . 
  so nope . 
  ca n't do anything . 
  but have fun watching whatever gets picked . 
  i 'll play games or watch anime or something . 
  raze the place to the ground, 
  for some reason it really fun to sayyy lmao . 
  i 've been thinking about ayy lmao a lot the past month . 
  am i going crayyzy ? 
  i do n't think iw has a mcm, 
  there is even a 2nd page . 
  sprint down the hallway and get clotheslined by a ghost . 
  do n't run in long hallways . 
  uglayy chrome skin lmao, 
  hitleraly came here to say this, 
  ... and what did we get ? 
  * slaps self * do n't complain !, 
  big black nazgul would also tear him appart, 
  they have the super army soldiers . 
  they can wreck these nogs . 
  a lot better than serbian film . 
  at least it has a message . 
  fucking tendies and these retard witch babies ... 
  i would party with predators ... 
  living in the database, 
  death note without the death note, 
  code breaker - gangsters are beating him up , along with sakura and the dog, 
  not naruto vs pain, 
  the last bunch of episodes were bullshit . 
  again . 
  could be worse . 
  jojo, 
  jojo is really manly . 
  and try oogami from code : breaker . 
  anime has more effect on me than the real world . 
  i almost cried at the end of code geass . 
  bored to death on my grandma 's funeral . 
  just chips and plotting . 
  year of the sea moose, 
  vlad , the hero we deserve . 
  the bare minimum banditos strike again !, 
  i 'll start calling my fellow white people whitey , white boys , pale skin etc. 
  no turntsnaco ? 
  like skyrim all over again, 
  pewds is a cool guy , but seriously ... come on . 
  smother it with the pillow !, 
  fuck , i hate worms so much . 
  i seriously did nazi that coming, 
  baby babu is becoming a skeleton ... may mr skelton have mercy on us all, 
  the original far cry , the forest level .
