  it was a joke but obviously there is bias because it 's the first movie . 
  even if the 2nd was literally better in every way , the original would always be my favorite movie . 
  like she never left , really, 
  i think the the swords are either a spell or they 're the weapons of other players who died there . 
  n4g is worse than cancer . 
  ... are we stando users ? 
  sick, 
  did you know that vegeta 's dad has multiple dicks ? 
  5 at least !, 
  new tfs headcanon, 
  would be fun if it was next to the father and mother planets . 
  i do n't know what i would do without those 3 traits . 
  it has everything i need . 
  `` what do you mean i ca n't purge/enslave/bomb the shit out of them ?! '', 
  how do you disable the shields ? 
  i guess it got bugged for me . 
  science ship did n't have it in the context menu . 
  god dammit, 
  our ancestors died for this and look at him . 
  i was subscribed to / r/steam for a while . 
  like ... fucking why did you do that , idiot ? 
  we might as well all get naked and post every meme we have, 
  purge the feet lovers, 
  do you lose it after the current leader dies ? 
  matt without the punisher hat looks wrong, 
  i hope they do the `` oooooooooooooooooohhhh ! '', 
  that 's exactly what happened to me . 
  like `` what the hell is this jojo stuff . 
  i bet it 's not as cool . 
  holy fuck this is cool tho ! '', 
  i hope it 's just a skeleton like in the logo, 
  the fuck box is opening !, 
  what if i like edgelords ? 
  410,757,630,337 walls hit, 
  ca n't be worse than the dark souls 3 fextralife wiki right now , can it ? 
  and nothing of value was lost . 
  at this point i 'm 80 % sure that they will burn something down, 
  they should add metal and metalcore ethics, 
  does that break anything ? 
  hmm ... can i purge them after they come to my planet ? 
  i always find that weird . 
  they have space battles for months, 
  `` hello and welcome our galactic friends !, 
  let me show you the way to your new homes ! '', 
  you do that for a while , you wait for a lot of refugees and american psycho them . 
  '' ** try being xenos now , you stupid fucking bastards !, 
  most of these are just short clips that you can find on the artist 's pages . 
  long movies like the bioshock one take a long time to do, 
  i 'm on my phone and i do n't have a link . 
  but it 's called bioshock trinity or something . 
  we were born just in time to research stuff, 
  not really . 
  he sucked at fps but was damn good at rts, 
  that movie might be better than predator now that i think about it, 
  yeah . 
  i was expecting ... 
  aggression ? 
  i wanted it to be rough like disgusting, 
  he has perfectly calibrated eyes, 
  it 's the only way to keep his career alive, 
  people act like microsoft is going to send hitmen after them, 
  this song is pretty meh . 
  when the album comes out i 'm gon na take the good songs from lflt and this album and get rid of these dry nothing songs, 
  found the old man voice https://acapela-box.com/acabox/index.php, 
  guy # 2 really wiggled my jimmies . 
  the `` omigod '' and `` meat , really ? 
  ameuroka would be cool, 
  not yet, 
  enabling custom user flairs would be cool . 
  these right now are super nothing at all . 
  i want mine to say `` genocide and slavery are the best '' . 
  holy smokes , for what purpose ? 
  is the game different if your switch elohim with sam ? 
  i was burning through the game till i reached a dead end puzzle . 
  have n't picked it back up, 
  failure means you never should 've tried, 
  `` as intended '' , one might say, 
  using a bucket to phase though the world is my fucking favorite, 
  wrong turn is my guilty pleasure, 
  a fan theory is that the grox are actually humans, 
  * very slowly * tho . 
  they need more research points, 
  all hail best guy 2015 , all hail britannia !, 
  the ai does some stupid shit . 
  i used the human_ai command and holy smokes . 
  it ca n't decide where the fleet should go so it just keeps changing the route from one system to another and the fleet ends up doing nothing . . 
  same with sectors . 
  it will just get rid of all of the sectors and get stuck on some random system and redo all of it again and again . 
  it also built like a dozen colony ships and did n't do anything with them . 
  it could be better on pc . 
  then again it might be super terrible too . 
  i hope they do n't back down and finish it . 
  i do n't think anyone should ever say those words again, 
  gives me conniptions when people censor themselves on fucking reddit ... 
  i beat that quest recently in w3 with that little fucker . 
  i did n't think there were worse thins than normal babies, 
  words is : the mod team got infiltrated, 
  was that bank robbery in the news ? 
  holy smokes, 
  it 's their fault if you think about it,
