  did they give up ? 
  have we witnessed a hollowing on camera ? 
  i should just learn to draw and accept any kind of request . 
  guro anthro wolf mpreg ? 
  comin ' right up . 
  i was making a joke . 
  i 'd actually be a really greedy bastard, 
  are there any other songs with lyrics like that ? 
  is n't it implied ? 
  ok , let 's not talk about what i might have meant, 
  shark tits are ok tho, 
  how about something like this ? 
  [ neverbloom ] ( https://youtu.be/5nymgqd6ble?t=8s ), 
  remember when they showed how he 'd look extra old ? 
  would they still do it after that flaccid mmo triad-ville game ? 
  i 'll call some party vans, 
  we were the crisis all along, 
  like the valley of the dark lords ? 
  sick, 
  i really like kraken 's blurghagblurh, 
  yeah , i 'm done with goliath . 
  i 'm gon na buy meteor, 
  he 's been doing that for 25 games ? 
  holy smokes, 
  why is gorgon bad ? 
  i win with her the most . 
  what feelings ? 
  you should try sarcasm tho, 
  i 'm getting warframe color taunting flashbacks, 
  dammit , paul marketing, 
  make sure to visit / r/corejerk , the * best * metalcore subreddit, 
  stay metal dogger, 
  is this a one off or will there be more ? 
  you get so hyped that you get a heart attack, 
  after blazblue and naruto i bet, 
  i do n't have the patience for the 3rd boss . 
  fuck that old guy . 
  if i could punch him i would punch him in the nose, 
  `` eclipse prank [ gone wrong ] [ gone sexual ] [ gore ] '', 
  does it do ? 
  [ snyde remark ], 
  this seems to work, 
  if they come back i hope they 'll stop playing nice, 
  trump torrents, 
  sounds like something a computer would say ... you wo n't fool me , toaster, 
  what are we supposed to do ? 
  not joke about it ? 
  i have the trilogy on disc . 
  same , but try assault or trapper a bunch . 
  i love playing both sides now, 
  it 's from greatest outcast . 
  i do n't really know how to operate the robo secretary, 
  [ when i was a wee lad i enjoyed spy kids 3d the most . 
  shitposts are what we need . 
  and the only thing we have left, 
  is there a version where the guy is censored ? 
  like the whole body , just take him, 
  kojima sacrificed metal gear to become a god hand, 
  i do n't know how you guys play the game for real . 
  i just mess around with mods and i only had one real character . 
  nobody expects bro team, 
  are they actively getting worse ? 
  some of the sound effects are different too . 
  just do n't ever talk to anyone , it works . 
  as for the rewards , it rustles my jimmies too . 
  goliath can punch through the hull of a starship . 
  and that 's fucked up, 
  i can confirm it is . 
  my friends do it , my father does it , my old teacher does it and i do it . 
  i feel bad for that awesome guy with the cane that presented it . 
  he was so excited and the game looked sick . 
  why did they do this ? 
  it 's working as intended, 
  people say wraith is a glass cannon but to me she feels like a glass shank . 
  i wasted 9k on her last week , i do n't like playing against or as her why did i do this you fuckin ' idiot, 
  i hate it . 
  like ... stop moving , corpse . 
  is that cow from a quest or something ? 
  she looks fucking pissed, 
  even if it does n't come back another site is gon na take it 's place at the top, 
  my money is on rarbg . 
  already getting comfortable with it, 
  you got your shitposts keikakued out i see . 
  sometimes there are short video leftovers after the outros . 
  yeah , there 's always something happening . 
  ok , i guess i 'll die some other time, 
  : blush : \\* transforms into a wolf man * getting hot in here : wink : : kiss : : kiss :, 
  \\* breathing heavily *, 
  mars ? 
  no breathable air and memes on that fucker, 
  i 'll take two upgrades please . 
  i do n't know for certain . 
  all that amazing water could have memes but i doubt it . 
  show meme a me from mars , friend . 
  nothing is truly dank then, 
  i think we just reached meme zen, 
  that 's fine . 
  it really not that hard . 
  you just push buttons and stuff happens . 
  i played medic for the first time yesterday and i did alright,
