  you 'll have it soon . 
  good job making everyone angry , op . 
  here it is . 
  it a shapeshifting dildo with a porn actor ai . 
  it has been covered in hypetonite and modified to work as an extension of the ai . 
  basically it 's a dildo that can take any shape + all the things hypetonite can do . 
  i 'm rich !, 
  time to sell this money for cthulhu bucks, 
  i have n't read the vice thing . 
  what did they screw up ? 
  bbq ? 
  ooohh yeah, 
  they 're * in the walls * ? 
  try luring them out with more guinea pigs ? 
  flush the walls out with acid ? 
  send the vent tigers into the walls !, 
  i think this is when we start to panic or just ignore the problem, 
  i ca n't even load the page . 
  i used to get 40fps on my gt 9500 before . 
  now it 's all over the place from 20 to 40 . 
  got ta get that gtx 950 soon, 
  six bullets ... more than enough to kill anything that moves . 
  just not when spoole is behind the trigger . 
  de pls stop, 
  instead of horse dongs he has vine tentacles, 
  i hate when stuff gets named like that but i love it . 
  everyone is taking bits and pieces so ... 
  i 'll just take this green juice for some science . 
  technically you still took it , so ... gon na make me some hydra juice . 
  hope she does n't get mad . 
  is there a sub for animals acting like humans ? 
  i find it kinda cool, 
  i 'm not reading that description , guy . 
  just in case . 
  yep . 
  i bought the premium lifetime license . 
  it was a blood contract actually . 
  it 's the jar of green blood that says `` rogue bandit scientist '' . 
  i think it 's that taxman that was at the facility a few days ago . 
  saw him yesterday in the garbage sector eating second hand food . 
  tried to sell me `` invisible jewels '' . 
  what are those tiny humans supposed to be ? 
  we did n't name it or i do n't remember . 
  but right now i would call it cunt destroyer . 
  or baseball . 
  i do n't like babies . 
  they 're super gross . 
  i bet it 's `` pounding '', 
  [ in honor of the inevitable ] ( http://i.imgur.com/c0t3bue.png ) . 
  but reading is half the `` fun '', 
  oh , i 'm sorry ... you could hire someone from / r/gonewildaudio to read naughty stuff to you then . 
  ahh ... that 's pretty `` handy '' . 
  nope . 
  just wait for it . 
  next game is ps4 and later on pc . 
  that makes me sad . 
  damn right, 
  how much for immortality ? 
  `` why does america like shows about trash so much '' on / r/4chan, 
  it 's smaller than the others, 
  not the op but i ca n't control webm or gifv even with res, 
  about this big, 
  search your feelings . 
  you know it be tru bb, 
  i totally am, 
    shut up, 
    shut up, 
    shut up, 
    shut up, 
    shut up, 
    shut up, 
  t'was my intent !, 
  you took the bate, 
  guy, 
  sauce is bro team pill, 
  truly one of the best kanadian youtubers, 
  i just want a complete ui redesign . 
  the current one is jank as fuck . 
  i cry when i look at the original star map . 
  every time i come back to wf i end up like a salt lick . 
  like ... how do you fuck up so many times so much ? 
  nice kill, 
  i love everything that has predator in it . 
  even avp . 
  [ i chose to not feel emotions i do n't need . 
  why would i want such a flaw when i can just ditch it ? 
  as for problems ... 
  i really do n't have any . 
  my host 's interests are my interests . 
  might sound weird but that 's how it is . ], 
  no spoilerino pls, 
  [ did n't say that i have no emotions . 
  i just do n't feel sad ... like why would i feel like crap when i do n't have too ? 
  i know it 's part of being `` human '' but both host and i agree that humanity is kind of overrated in our opinion . 
  and having no problems does n't bother me . 
  that ... 
  i find that really weird to say lol ], 
  just ignore the fire . 
  it 's fine . 
  there are much more innocenter things that are even more on fire than a cup of vodka around here .
