  hopefully someone will upload the hillary execution, 
  paulstretch it and put it on loop, 
  i wish i remembered the name but there 's a band that actually has good not real guitars . 
  the retarded animals are kinda charming, 
  i 'm gon na get this because of the burning skelen, 
  i do n't care about nms but i love how you guys keep shitting on sean and the game . 
  amazing dedication, 
  the console commands for poe work . 
  i have at least 100gb of movies i wan na watch on my hard drive right now but i 'm not feeling like it so i 'm doing nothing right now, 
  but can a trebuchet djent ? 
  it 's like the swing in gta iv that blasts you away when you touch it . 
  i do n't think they fixed it, 
  it actually scurred me, 
  it 's really easy to just shitpost and get more than 5 karma . 
  higher standards pls, 
  people are acting like it 's a war . 
  it 's all memes to me, 
  i 'm very annoyed right now . 
  the journey was amazing , best rpg i 've played in years . 
  but god fucking dammit , the ending . 
  not even the little conquest thingy again to end ? 
  i feel a void inside me, 
  you would n't download an illegal car, 
  we will * never * do combo . 
  is there any armor that looks good ? 
  i 've beaten the game wearing that striped fatebinder shirt . 
  i do n't wan na look like a chorus loon or a disfavored baby, 
  would you like new cum textures for that ? 
  the moon was n't visible from my window . 
  it was in the other room but come on , who the hell is gon na get up and walk to another room to see the moon ? 
  hoo the smeg do you think you are ?? 
  jacob is the embodiment of nothing, 
  depends on what kind of banana it is . 
  if a masculine banana likes feminine bananas then it 's a straight banana relationship . 
  and even tho the feminine bananas might have dicks that does n't make it gay to like them when you 're a masculine bananer . 
  so that 's how i missed it when i searched the subreddit . 
  he also posted it as do sex . 
  well , into the trash it goes, 
  i like the feels, 
  i like this but where 's ai640 2 tho ? 
  top 10 anime super moves, 
  no , i ca n't do, 
  i heard my eyes sizzle, 
  too bad i 'm loyal to the pepsi overlords, 
  but why would n't you wear socks with sandals ? 
  my biggest complaint is that it ended right when it started getting interesting . 
  better have an expansion . 
  they are sometimes said to take their victims for the purpose of drinking their blood , eating their livers , or gaining power by taking their shirikodama ( \u5c3b\u5b50\u7389 ) , a mythical ball said to contain the soul , which is located inside the anus . 
  when a kappa thrusts a hand into * my * anus i unsheathe my tanto that 's wrapped around my dick and cut of his hand . 
  then i swim away and hold his hand hostage . 
  automod-chan is being really pogophobic today, 
  his signature is hiroshima and his finisher nagasaki, 
  this is the first time i 've heard of `` catsup '' . 
  kinda stupid tbh , but what do i know ? 
  english is my second language , do with it whatever you want , guy . 
  edit : pondered it some more and i 'm pretty sure it 's the retarded way to say ketchup, 
  you have our elite squat troops, 
  tell me about landon . 
  why does he wear the hat ? 
  i was n't expecting chugs outside of / r/metalcore, 
  go back to daddy ashe , purple boy, 
  i think this is the same guy that wanted someone to edit the podcast so he could laugh at the japanese, 
  imagine the bukkake of this size, 
  that 'd be an awesome ending . 
  the fatebinder blasts through kyros ' doors to the throne room or whatever , kneels and let 's kyros kill him . 
  you can find plenty of flac on rutracker too, 
  we need a compilation of james getting hurt, 
  that 's just kamiya, 
  i hope they look more interesting than the bane . 
  from the descriptions i expected something scary but nope , it 's just ethereal ghost things that come out of port holes, 
  imagine if skyrim was like tyranny . 
  that 'd be the best, 
  do it faster , you fish egg, 
  tfw when you wake up without a silicone brain and a cyborg body on a pile of cash, 
  like rats in a cage, 
  it 's the best kind of penis . 
  especially on girls, 
  amazing conclusion . 
  i 'm not sure i know who that is but he sounds like a pile of tumbling dickweed, 
  this image gave me a curse, 
  i could n't remember where i got that meme from so i looked it up and it 's from [ american dubs guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nhsm4sgrqm ), 
  do n't you meme nene ? 
  nono ? 
  do n't you no yiyi ? 
  carp, 
  oh , if he 's one of them , then sure . 
  i 'll allow the joke to function like that, 
  [ i 'm literally the only one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/poelafd.png ), 
  that 's what it looks like with css on , you loon, 
  hillary by definition can not be badass, 
  stop . 
  i do n't wan na think about that, 
  \\  light side reddit . 
  you know ... 
  i think that ghosts are pretty lame and never scary . 
  a ghost with a gun tho ... 
  the ending apologists are rustling my jimmies . 
  i get it , the ending is fine as it is , but i want more . 
  sleeping at the camp and waiting to die sounds like the depression route . 
  eh , it 's not better than porn,
