  my pc barely meets the min . 
  requirements . 
  the game runs in single digit fps . 
  that looks comfort-unable, 
  i miss the days when skidrow took a shit on ubisoft because of ac2 ... 
  best shitpost is a nice shitpost . 
  i 'm actually not shitting on bmth , i like their stuff except for the newest song . 
  and yeah , they 're technically not metal but metalcore . 
  well , time for me to go to http://gabenislife.com/, 
  i thought that was a dwemer chandelier ? 
  when you heard alduin say it you just got ta repeat it . 
  my thermal drill is ... 
  ** ready !, 
  it 's the viking blood . 
  safehouse customization ? 
  pls . 
  so many crates in there ... 
  after watching kootra 's december daily dozen csgo unboxing , i got ta try this out with goonmod . 
  they got me back into payday . 
  i saw a bunch of the ones before ddd . 
  the freakout era . 
  and then i saw every ddd and he sometimes he seemed actually angry . 
  i also expected an f bomb or something , but it 's ok . 
  i also had a fuzzy feeling when he was about to open the last case . 
  i watched some of ze 's stuff , do n't remember exactly what tho . 
  also some chilled on his channel when he played toribash . 
  and gassy when he played hidden with nanners, 
  well they wo n't have that excuse anymore , or maybe i 'm just too sleepy and i ca n't math . 
  also for the lesser known space rangers hd . 
  every system in the game gets swarmed with asteroids and the star 's damage get extended range . 
  even some people who got legit copies have the problem . 
  i like the apocrypha . 
  and then i played the undeath mod ... and my god ... the apocrypha part was the worst fucking shit ever . 
  but i got what i came for after 40min and my character became a tiny bit more badass after i became a lich . 
  we need more yung maistro in our lives, 
  the necromonger stuff is really weird , but i like the movies a lot . 
  i think i can tolerate another far cry 3 recycle as long as the setting is super good . 
  remember how the old far crys were different ? 
  yeh ... 
  i do n't have any expectations for ghost in the shell , but i will watch it . 
  i miss the 20 + minute episodes, 
  i want the old far cry formula . 
  different every time . 
  but from the looks of it , we 'll be getting recycled far cry 3 again . 
  stealing scarface 's shark tank ( from scarface the world is yours ) . 
  my game runs on about 25fps on every setting . 
  i got ta beef up this pc, 
  is this the game you wan na play , shitcleanerfree ? 
  ok let me just end your tasks , delete everything i can find and cleanse it through regeddit . 
  rip in pizza, 
  seriously , fuck that guy . 
  do you think you will ever move to another office or a house ? 
  holi shit thats alot of blppd ... . 
  i like the way you think , sir . 
  when i 'm killing the cock-a-roaches i feel like walter white when he was choking that guy in the basement . 
  apply maximum force with the book , stay far away . 
  i always root for the bad guy . 
  demons are cool as fuck . 
  there is something special about those words . 
  they 're a matter of perspective . 
  hitler thought he was a good guy , other people thought otherwise . 
  i think that was more of a christopher walken ho , not a pimp ho . 
  every character in chrome looks like a retarded fish-man . 
  holy shit that skelon is pooky, 
  jordan 's hair dern sure grows fast !, 
  thank god for the mask !, 
  * tail still waving around *, 
  i 'm still waiting for wos4 to come out on pc . 
  it wad confirmed a while ago . 
  it 's so hard to find good evil shit these days . 
  as a person with questionable morals , i find it boring to play/watch the story of the good guy all the time . 
  at least you can be kind of a jerk in bioware games . 
  i do n't even think of dmc as a real dmc game . 
  but the combat is fine , meh story , meh dante , meh evil mtn dew . 
  but the parts when limbo tears the world apart are cool . 
  i think in da origin you can kill 2 people through dialogue choices for no real reason in the first 20mins after you arive at ostagar . 
  yeah , you could be pretty jerky . 
  also , hatred ** screams ** antagonism and bleeding edginess . 
  yeh , i let the freezer slip out of the plane , sry, 
  bruce wayne is kind political ... 
  dern sure . 
  sound foam 4 : adhesive wars, 
  i would watch predator , alien and terminator . 
  happy humpday lawrence !, 
  air bag deployed . 
  the only thing i do n't like about these games is the way the gun is held . 
  it feels like it 's one big gun with a pistol grip . 
  like portal , dead effect etc. 
  proud to be serbian , where they made the serbian film !, 
  riperino in sheeperoni, 
  what is vegemite ? 
  like australian soil in jam form ? 
  he can use an alternative, 
  i 'm still dissapoint cuz it 's a mod , and not actually real . 
  i will always know , that shep is dead and the ending is kinda poopy . 
  edit : ok guys , stop rubbing crap into my face , i get it . 
  or you know , use a pause/break, 
  one day we will hear about finger spacing ... one day \u2122, 
  i just saw the mini trailer for dmc4 se and ... 
  i may have splooshed really hard .
