  i 've seen that too but most of the time it 's step stuff . 
  edit : this was a stupid question . 
  a big snake sprayed me with juices and and gators poked me with their long sticks . 
  happened in both games ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  there should be a sub for invisible rustling . 
  like that time when tommy dreamer used the za warudo remote to stop the other rustlers . 
  r u a jew ? 
  knew it . 
  i have n't watched it ( yet . 
  too lazy ) but nhk seems to be right up our alley . 
  what did you post ? 
  i found it on / v / . 
  no sauce, 
  is that [ plague ] ( http://imgur.com/dxwnpz6 ) ? 
  raven 's cry and ride to hell were both super delayed or in dev hell . 
  so there 's that . 
  he 's giving me a dennis reynolds vibe . 
  i thought crimson was the better stance ? 
  stop crashing the market !, 
  is that what you 've been doing in r'lyeh all this time ? 
   blue and orange, 
  such a good color combo . 
  it 's like e3 2015 all over again . 
  speak for yourself , heretic . 
  5 shit cores and 5k creds . 
  lotus fucked me over on the 3rd one with low fps . 
  cool right ? 
  ethics in gaming journalism or some shit . 
  / r/kotakuinaction is a good source of info, 
  you 're welcome , friend !, 
  love me some hu and dmc . 
  nice . 
  i 'm ... not sure how i feel about that . 
  [ it 's fiiiiine . 
  and here 's mine . 
  huh ... pretty interesting when compared . 
  there 's no strain because his eyes are perfectly calibrated . 
  love the xvideos part, 
  i do n't wan na break the shiny new fan tho, 
  i remember way back on the forums when the community wanted a similar thing . 
  you 're doing a mission and suddenly you hear a super loud alien noise . 
  a huge snake worm thing smashes through the ship armor and tries to hunt you down . 
  it 's huge ( takes up whole hallways ) and you ca n't go around it . 
  you either fight it or run . 
  do you have to just confront them or do you have to kill them too for it to count as progress ? 
  i ca n't watch movies and anime without svp anymore . 
  it 's so buttery smooth, 
  you mean missions will dynamically pop up ? 
  like alerts right now ? 
  what 's that body and armor ? 
  i just love how angry the replies are every time, 
  rampage, 
  it 's super good and it gave me a boner, 
  i inserted it in my momboard hhehe, 
  the anti-zaibatsu . 
  plague , cranky , shin woolie and takahata, 
  it started as a twitter joke . 
  do n't know if they 're going to do stuff, 
  does fleshgod apocalypse count ? 
  do n't wear a fedora . 
  people will expect you to be a memer . 
  it 's got ta be a surprise when you whip out a meaty meme and let it drop . 
  that 'd be the best crossover ever, 
  are you still a fan of payday ? 
  ayyyy, 
  your flair is rustling me, 
  i was n't here for the crabcore era . 
  holy smokes , i hope it stays dead . 
  stand up and scream is 2009 . 
  you call that a knife is late 2012 . 
   dick ** s **, 
   one post by a clit . 
  kinda disappointed, 
  aye , a mighty meme this is . 
  can he give us the catbrow quest ? 
  seems appropriate . 
  hannibal dual wielding knives , messy hair , slamming the door . 
  it 's the fucking best . 
  i did n't even know about the combo meter because it disappears so fast . 
  he drops a new resource . 
  salt rocks, 
  i think that 's one of the quotes far cry 3 used . 
  he talks to me every time i log in . 
  something about cehpalon jordan or something, 
  i do n't feel like doing it, 
  pls calm the fucking fuck down , fucking fucker , you fuck . 
  * camera pans up to get a panty shot *, 
  no prob , friendo . 
  next up : put some shadman art like the people on shadman 's twitter feed . 
  i wanted to sign up but then it asked for uplay and i dunno ... 
  he loves that too much, 
  i once sent a person to the graveyard because i forgot about one turn . 
  whoops , all tombstones !, 
  never helped anyone since and it 's been great . 
  later @ 6pm est, 
  ah , good old `` bitch nigga ghost '' . 
  wait what ? 
  it 's 30th here . 
  dammit . 
  edit : i got it all wrong .
