fart battle : bruce vs. kovic !, 
  plz do more skyrim mods, 
  get rid of win8, 
  ripped apart, 
  i forgot all the irrelevant stuff, 
  there is life on other planets . 
  period . 
  combine words to make a porn company name, 
  in the first far cry , in the treehouse level when i got to the ground the mutants scared me shitless lol, 
  design a porn company name , each of you add 1 word . 
  he did a silent fart, 
  i will try this out today, 
  imagine if his farts sounded like his laugh ... 
  it will need the joel hips, 
  i dont get why it officialy isnt announced yet , its been in development for a while and it is in a playable state right now , maybe if they announce it ea will just push it out early ? 
  if its a sequel i wan na how the hell are they gon na enable save transfer ? 
  you basically get rekt in every ending , all relays are fucked , and synthesis ? 
  are we gon na have npcs glowing green all the time ? 
  if its a reboot , i want them to get the best replacement for garrus , dude is awesome . 
  this is going to be really good or really bad . 
  you need to make a pocket cunt/tunt !, 
  i do n't think that is the real jo , they probably took him behind the scenes because he was too energetic and loony for this type of commercial ... 
  * god damn it !, 
  where is the meat cleaver ?!, 
  i need to cut this bread , my parrot is hungry !!, 
  hey you , bring me the blowtorch , the chicken is still alive !, 
  something tells me that joel is a master at this ... 
  some people say that after joel was born , some bald man walked in the room and touched his hips , then after that he said : `` oh dang it , i got ta go '' as he ran hitting a fridge on his way out . 
  sounds ranging from `` wriaaaum '' to `` plap plap , splat '' `` tweeeeeeet '' `` bock bock bock cockadaaaaoooo - '', 
  if you could rape a male game character , who would it be ? 
  in the name of the father , the son , the holy spirit and the actor . 
  please do this, 
  james , can you be cunt/tunt for the entire next livestream ? 
  i want ninja assassins, 
  john rambo as kali , goddess of destruction, 
  this is very amusing to watch , good work sir . 
  pocket cunt ? 
  this is his 2nd day at work . 
  so , if the game has some kind of group system , will we have an ig group ? 
  imagine the actor bandits !, 
  i only play pocket bruce, 
  will tunt or the conductor be there ? 
  i still dont get this logic ?? 
  france  japan ? 
  did he stick that tube in the joel hole ? 
  i wont even play this one , i hate the french accent , no offense french people of this subreddit ... ac in jp with japanese spoken lang , now that would be amazing, 
  hmm , i think the joel hole is a cosmic anomaly , probably made of a huge amount of dark matter , theories suggest that the hole works like a wormhole , but it goes through a phase every 1000 years when it turns into a quasar . 
  people who were in the hole say that there is a huge nebula in there that smells like farts and echoes of a wheezy laughter ... the hole broke every known law of physics, 
  i will attempt to illustrate this by using crude photoshop skillz tomorrow, 
  i was watching gamegrumps playing spore yesterday ... jesus tapdancing christ ... what they 've made can not be described in text, 
  i do n't see any swear words here ... that could work i guess . 
  and that 's the beauty of it !, 
  `` empty your fridge right now ! '', 
  hmm ... 
  is n't robbaz in sweden ? 
  yeah !, 
  i 'm hardcore pocket bruce elitist !, 
  then that 's perfect !, 
  and imo , i did n't really like it much , tomb raider , the last of us , and absolution had a similar ui and mechanics a.k.a. 
  `` i see you through walls '', 
  it looks like a. . . shrimp ? 
  lol i wanted to do that at first , but i said fuck it before i even tried , but plz do, 
  invisible lawrence laptop, 
  tacticool dodge *, 
  he could open their mouths and wheeze into them, 
  make a rambo dildo ( ramdo ? ), 
  with 4 arms, 
  maybe it 's the aliens taking interest in potential anal weapons ... 
  he gets them from the joel hole, 
  so , is this going to be starting from the modern day or way back ? 
  are aliens playable ? 
  they do catch peoples attention faster than just ingame screenshots , and they are pretty, 
  make a porn company name with 3 words . 
  bruce ? 
  2/10 `` would not bang '', 
  [ spoiler ], 
  at the end of the episode after i ripped dum 's neck open i felt baddassery & bloodlust ( yeah i know , i 'm 70 % sociopath on online quizzes ) ... now i. . . 
  i. . . god damn it ... 
  try to beat steve & larson : the video game, 
  i always imagine their game as just cause and saints row combo, 
  kids are for noobs, 
  hey , if you want monster sounds or voices , i can do them . 
  growls , snarls , predator clicking , and other stuff that i do n't know what they 're called . 
  well , there 's this https://i.imgur.com/lybsld0.jpg, 
  you can get more from here https://imgur.com/a/chrok, 
  thats natural . 
  violent ? 
  only when you take our games away, 
  for those with slow buffering on twitch , you can try en.twitch.tv, 
  instead of hearing their # 1 song `` song '' , i heard some crappy dubstep , bring me the horizon and celldweller all mixed together , with bro team screaming in the background . 
  i do n't drink/do drugs . 
  this will be a goty, 
  doctor ? 
  pfft !, 
  a bunch of sociopathic traits and a crazy mind ai n't nothing to worry about . 
  where do you see inside gaming in 10 years ? 
  since its `` stupid '' i have deleted it from existance , dont reply, 
  im not really a sociopath , i could just kill someone and not give a damn and i never really feel sad or depressed , it just turns to anger right away . 
  the 1st sins came out a little before half life i think , so it was unnoticed, 
  ( joel hole exposure - high ),
