  there is no try . 
  ftfy, 
  what the hell is boing boing ? 
  after july 29 , microsoft will take all of us windows 10ers to heaven and all of you will burn . 
  fuckin ' water orcs and goblins, 
  that vs possibly screwing up your back for the rest of your life ? 
  have an alright day, 
  griffith could play like sima shi with the lightning sword . 
  fast , wide swings and stabs while flying all over the place . 
  we 're talking about ttgl . 
  let 's get carried away, 
  there is a mod that actually does that for you . 
  i 'm not a dev but is it that hard to do ? 
  dmc5 when, 
  it 's because the image is fucking huge, 
  that sounds like an anime that prints money, 
  best friend and a bullet, 
  make them suffer, 
  the image in my head is about murder and not suicide actually . 
  but yeah , it kinda does, 
  it 's fiiiine, 
  you have a ship named qwib qwib ? 
  i found [ this ] ( http://66.media.tumblr.com/ce93685407b272d5365834ad2b89a310/tumblr_ne2p4k2xca1t1xc0so1_1280.jpg ), 
  [ it 's fake ] ( https://youtu.be/af-kbmyrr18?t=7s ), 
  it 's * fiiiiine *, 
  now that there 's nothing other than gwent it 's time to shitpost and wait for cyberpunk, 
  i hope after britain becomes the savage land of barbaria we 'll never have to see that word again, 
   you need to have researched sentient ai for doomsday tech to show up ( because asking a human / xeno to push the button will scar them for life , and we all know sentient ais do n't really mind killing us ) . 
  what if it 's a fanatic spiritualist ? 
  he 'd push the button because god wills it, 
  edit : fanmaterialist should be able to do it too . 
  they often have `` morals lol '' in their dialogue . 
  how rude . 
  i have n't played any pdx game either and i 'm bad at strategy games but stellaris was really easy to get into imo . 
  almost every day i pop it open for a quick game . 
  it 's really addictive even if there 's not a lot of content right now . 
  i hope we get to play as griffith during the part where he did nothing wrong . 
  why would n't we be able to ? 
  he did nothing wrong, 
  you should n't actually need it if it 's just a button press . 
  if it 's a complex calculation thing then sure put robots on it . 
  i had a game where deneb and sol were on the opposite sides of the galaxy . 
  they both were on the dick ending of the hyperlanes, 
  \\  implying he did something wrong, 
  i 'm not gay but dante and vergil make me feel stuff sometimes, 
  fuck off with your new generation memes, 
  gravity is not real, 
  why did you take him , god ?!, 
  why ? 
  us memeologists call this the `` meme singularity '', 
  and people say he 's the worst . 
  will aleks be the one to cause the end of on the spot ? 
  porn has no limits, 
  holy smokes that gif was made by the gods of jpeg themselves, 
  tell me about gwynbane , why does he wear the mask ? 
  holy smokes , woolie . 
  spiders is trying but cheese is always following them, 
  gives me conniptions, 
  those were literally the first 2 ais that i encountered in my new game . 
  i was sandwiched between them and they hated me . 
  they became butt buddies and formed pacts and stuff . 
  my empire is falling apart because of slaves and they 're probably gon na fuck me up . 
  holy smokes . 
  the unbidden got kicked out immediately, 
  * cut to jon actually leaving the set *, 
  feet are overrated tbqh . 
  sick butt and boobies tho, 
  i do n't know how i feel about this tbh . 
  literally . 
  it 's ... 
  kinda do n't care about it, 
  something like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0svx-mul-a&amp;index=15&amp;list=plefba46183c537494 ) for militarists would be cool . 
  space rangers is filled with sick space music . 
  double traitor, 
  i wan na be a science guy but it 's impossible . 
  everyone ends up hating me for some reason, 
  i 'm in an alliance with these floating bugoids . 
  i 've never been called an incandescent ( compliment_plural ) before, 
  sucka de cuum with sphagetti . 
  slurp , slurp , slurp, 
  big blorg titties !, 
  looks like a party . 
  du du du, 
  truly the greatest metalcore band, 
  this is sick but when 's ai640 part 2 ? 
  august 19 ? 
  but i want it now, 
  just enable custom flairs . 
  people need to know that i watched predator over 100 times . 
  designing your own invader/crisis fuckers and playing as them . 
  or maybe like temporary hyperlanes that drain resources based on the size of the fleet and the distance of the destination ? 
  i think it 's [ this mod ] ( https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=688140428 ), 
  you 'll probably get the chance to do it after some dialogue . 
  we really did come full circle . 
  new terminator , jurassic park , star wars , independance day ... and a new predator in 2018, 
  kinda unrelated but if giger was still alive i would pay him to make a dickbutt, 
  i think this is one of my favorite podcast episodes, 
  that 's actually kinda cool . 
  their job is to fuck up the crisis, 
  landon said that he almost finished part 2 on twitter but he deleted the tweet .
