  bro team pill , but he spends more of his time streaming than making videos, 
  damn , i knew that a lot of the original people left but did n't know it was this big of a shit show . 
  the trilogy characters , hawke , hk47 and revan will live on in my heart and that 's all that matters . 
  i believe, 
  is this much irony legal ? 
  unrelated but this reminded me of a comment about brutal death metal , how the vocalists sound like `` someone pissing in a metal bucket '', 
  not sure if it 's unfd or northlane but they did some weird shit like this in the past, 
  imagine seeing a huge army in front of your tower . 
  if you 're smart enough you can select all of the soldiers and just change their z axis , trap them in the ground and let them die . 
  we need more weird atmospheric core, 
  pasta . 
  pizza . 
  like that one guy on / b /, 
  come on and clang and welcome to the clang !, 
  i only knew one song that was n't gay as shit, 
  the senate . 
  i am . 
  the rebels have stolen the blu rays, 
  viceroy , i do n't want this stunted slime in my sight again, 
  do n't, 
  songs go 1,2,2,1,2,2,1 . 
  what i mean is :, 
  ~ ~ sempiternal ~ ~ can you feel my heart , which does n't sound like the other tracks starts the album , then it goes into house of wolves and empire which are similar . 
  then from sleepwalking and go to hell it goes into the middle track shadow moses which is another track without a partner . 
  the last 2 pairs : snakes/seen it all before and antivist/crooked young . 
  hospital for souls can be considered cyfmh 's partner since it 's at the end . 
  there 's also the bonus tracks , chasing rainbows and join the club , both sound similar and then deathbeds to finish it off emotionally again . 
  yeah , i think twitch is a bad place for an on the fly q&a . 
  if only there was some site where popular questions could be voted to the top . 
  trying not to think about a thing will make you actually think about the thing you 're trying to suppress, 
  bro team drinks every time there 's a `` telltale hallway '' . 
  it 's when characters are walking slowly and explaining things in a hallway, 
  / r/noisygifs, 
  zheng 's dicks look like spicy vegetables . 
  overrated artist imo, 
  infiltrator too, 
  undertow ? 
  i do n't remember how many times i 've heard the wolves at the door or something along those lines, 
  i hate cats ** and ** dogs, 
  i 've never had a good experience with any of them . 
  like one time when i was a kid at my aunts house she said the dog is nice . 
  ok dog , why are you growling and chasing me then ? 
  then there was that other dog that i just passed by and it started chasing me . 
  our family dog does n't even like me . 
  what an asshole . 
  cats i hate just because . 
  ranger think uruk weak !, 
  uruk strong !, 
  i still remember the go go go sound effect, 
  the boivin youth, 
  you underestimate my irony, 
  apparently the upcoming while she sleeps album is alright . 
  this is one of the comments on a certain site, 
   `` i painted my walls in cumwhite . 
  thanks a ton , holy shit . 
  this is 12/10 '', 
  has anything like this ever been fixed ? 
  me3 had the worst lipsync in the trilogy and that was n't fixed . 
  coward tactics, 
  i 've had it on my original playthrough , it was pretty fun just dropping in front of him . 
  you underestimate / pol / 's autism, 
  the animation is really good but we 'll need an official statement about what the hell is going on, 
  both are from big franchises but mad max did n't have the nemesis system . 
  also it might be just me but that was the worst driving i 've ever seen in a game , worse than arkham knight . 
  it 's so weird thinking of them as actors and performers, 
  i hope it 's like node where i 'll like it after a few listens . 
  right now i just do n't care about it . 
  fade tho , really like it . 
  everything else is just kinda boring, 
  [ forevermore - integral ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yur1ycbzr6w ) . 
  there 's something about the cleans and the atmosphere that made me fall in love with the band . 
  the last vision was really good . 
  i love how you can hear the headache pulsing before sauron knocks celebrimbor . 
  time to use bites za dusto, 
  backstroke of the west is becoming more popular . 
  what a time to be on the hoof, 
  he sees things from different points in time . 
  the time he sees maybe does n't have the clock there, 
  you can let it set in and be immortal . 
  i do n't do anything because nothing matters and i 'll probably die . 
  even if i was immortal i would n't do anything because nothing matters . 
  guess i was n't clear about that . 
  i would absolutely go all hedonistic , i would n't wan na be a poop receptacle forever . 
  but i would procrastinate a lot , like there 's not rush to experience everything , i 'm immortal and there 's video games to be played , movies to be watched etc. 
  and the bastard son , hardcore lee . 
  dew it, 
  how were his legs not broken, 
  are you throwing away perfectly good gains ? 
  if the rest of the album is as good as withered and night terrors it 's gon na be one of my favorites this year , i can tell . 
  that was some sbf woolie tier spatial awareness, 
  buttnz ^ buttnz ^ ^ buttnz, 
  `` my boy ! '', 
  i 'm not watching that lp help who is this man, 
  i did n't watch it because i do n't think skating is cool , but i guess i got ta learn the lore, 
  like that one time a few weeks ago when randy orton committed arson or something, 
  ca n't fix the writing tho, 
  ... bane ? 
  and those did n't look so hot . 
  hopefully they improved the combat, 
  the rewind mechanic from remember me influenced life is strange .
