  he beat the game in like 10 or less hours because he did n't read anything . 
  like why even play ? 
  this is n't some tactical marvel of a game . 
  it should be really hype even if you never saw a second of the show or a page of the manga . 
  ** new lore **, 
  i 'm imagining a daedric warrior pulling out his gun, 
  they 're just high on memes, 
  you need to shitpost more . 
  black goo predators ?!, 
  i want names, 
  ya fucked it, 
  fight salt with salt, 
  my mind erased that arc completely . 
  what even happened ? 
  man ... omikron is a fuck, 
  i did n't know about chris chan either , i 'm too much of a newfag . 
  thanks nick , you sent me down a deep rabbit hole, 
  kill your allies . 
  ah , thanks . 
  i actually had it but never got around to reading it . 
  * rips silver necklace off of her neck *, 
  * rummages through her pockets , grabbing everything *, 
  * looks at empty space for a few seconds *, 
  * shouts like a maniac and weskers 10 meters away , bursting her eardrums *, 
  how do you exactly get them to do that ? 
  you sounds like one of those pacifist xenophiles, 
  i proudly keep my search history on , just like my blackface, 
  john cena is basically earth 's champion, 
  like that one comich where mj or gwen fucked their biggest fan . 
  which was an ugly tiny manchild . 
  with a huge dong , of course, 
  what do smosh do these days ? 
  griffith did nothing wong, 
  spiders ( mars war logs , bound by flame , technomancer ) . 
  all of their games are budget rpgs . 
  i want them to make a super good game without their usual jank . 
  you can , on twitter . 
  he * is * an extremely online guy, 
  a lot of people want stellaris to win space hitler simulator, 
  i 'm not american but i respect his memes . 
  kenshiro spoils the show himself . 
  `` you 're already dead . '', 
  i 'm not dumbass , i 'm just an asshole . 
  let it die, 
  i yield , i yield !, 
  * keeps swinging *, 
  vidya , movies , music , porn , predator , memes , shitposting , baneposting and human suffering . 
  i liked your shitty crop , op . 
  not enough cancer crops, 
  the name in my head looks like a pack of wolves with shades , bandanas , guns and pipes, 
  we 're in lucifer 's disco at this point, 
  he 's hunting men and saving women from the water, 
  [ phinehas - seven ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udfqjkxsnn8 ) is pretty good, 
  the comment section was 100 % ass blasting, 
  kek 's chaotic meme magic is getting out of control, 
  tayai . 
  never forget, 
  you have been unsubscribed from buscemi facts . 
  you have been subscribed to dicaprio facts !, 
  * today you will learn that leonardo dicaprio cut his hand in django unchained *, 
  / r/gaming was n't just cod logic macros ? 
  / pol / can be fun but some of them are * actual * neo-nazis, 
  they better not fuck it . 
  i 'll be so mad if they ruin best guy of 2015, 
  if lelouch is hype enough i 'll look past it . 
  just like predator, 
  in 3rd person your character starts sliding forward in this cutscene . 
  yeah , team four star got really mad at the spoiler thing in their lp . 
  it 's the opposite of a power fantasy , you get power taken away from you basically . 
  hillary only got the hip new fresh game so she wo n't be expecting the game from the middle . 
  i bet she 's a dexfag, 
  i do n't like the gameplay either . 
  but check out the new shadowrun games . 
  dragonfall and hong kong . 
  i 've heard that dead man 's switch is n't great . 
  but it 's one of my favorite rpg experiences . 
  the athmosphere and the writing are great . 
  what ? 
  i ca n't hear you over the xeno screams , you 'll have to speak up . 
  * achoo * / r/cummingonfigurines, 
  whoops , i accidentally posted that sub, 
  hey , i could n't remember that the character 's name was soria either, 
  vengeance falls even sounds like a disturbed album name, 
  same with geese howard . 
  i say `` geeeeeese ! '', 
  reminder that this post will die once it reaches its 6th month . 
  rip, 
  can you wait like a few months ? 
  nice versions are n't out on torrents yet and i do n't want to watch it in a room with other humans, 
  brennan truly is the better woolie . 
  i love how this is just a webm of nazeem getting killed, 
  cool p3p3, 
  i for sure ca n't wait to see it , ho boy . 
  yeah , i know you know that we 've been living a lie, 
  turn a blind eye until the day we die, 
  maybe we 've passed the point of no return, 
  maybe we just wan na watch the world burn, 
  we just wan na watch the world burn, 
  he quickly shouts turn-a-blind-eye . 
  that 's what i hear , at least,
