  but their channel [ thesw1thcer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/thesw1tcher ) is gold, 
  do it , you big baby, 
  blazblue , guilty gear or naruto for fisticuffs , a true cryme game for cryme tyme, 
  he should n't have eaten those pies that have gone to shit, 
  like 14 , it was hilarious when i started watching them and it still is . 
  and when i found out that they like predator shit , it was clear that they were going to be my favorite . 
  aliens vs predator . 
  the 2 old ones and the 2010 one, 
  seriously though , fuck activision for shitting on radical ent . 
  and prototype, 
  heller is still alive and he ate mercer and there is the fan theory . 
  mercer could take control of heller and fuck shit up . 
  and there could be more of the evolved running around nyz, 
  can this be the canon story ? 
  when 's this mahvel hapening ? 
  i had a. . . sega something ? 
  i have no idea , it was years ago . 
  but now only pc . 
  also playing on a controller feels weird , i play all of the half assed ports on keyboard, 
  enjoy floating on the geyser of upvotes , you deserve it, 
  this was on my list for a while, 
  the only thing i want is a better player and better comment section, 
  pat should get cerberus from dmc3, 
  replacement for agathaaa chrissstiiieee, 
  for news i go here and n4g , but please , do n't read the comments there . 
  for reviews i barely ever read them , i just watch total biscuit , angry joe or zero punctuation, 
  ok , ok ... deus ex , half life , portal , mass effect , ftl , halo , remember me , spore , kerbal space program , syndicate , space engineers , shadowrun , fallout , crysis , starcraft , neotokyo , metal gear rising , prototype , xcom . 
  that 's what i can think of right now . 
  also check out satellite reign , planetary annihilation and cyberpunk 2077, 
  ok , ksp maybe not , but it is science . 
  and prototype , it has ... science ... and ... fiction ... kind of but not really ? 
  uhhh , still a good game tho, 
  welcome , you will soon notice how much better it is here, 
  my eyes !, 
  that is too much `` youtube commenter '' in one post, 
  just a little bit, 
  woolie is fucking crazy, 
  i can do that , here hold my pepsi, 
  update : yeah ... maybe not . 
  i 'm running out of pepsi and i do n't really wan na watch scrubby videos from the past when they were babies , recording on baby equipment . 
  15 weeks of pure sarcasm, 
  i thought it was seament ? 
  the uk fan meet up is a set up !, 
  i would kill for that mask, 
  holy shit , he looks like my brother, 
  so dark energy vs space kid ? 
  kid won ... great, 
  i love garrus . 
  i do n't like tali . 
  i hate ... 
  i ca n't even remember her name , i let her die too much , the racist girl . 
  i think joker says something . 
  something like `` you look like a robot '' . 
  not sure when , i think it was the citadel dlc, 
  the textures look like potato quality . 
  his head looks like potato . 
  his nose looks like a potato . 
  when 's nahuto ? 
  i like warframe , but it got too grindy after a while . 
  i used to call it space ninja farmville . 
  i played swtor for a while , but only for the story ... and i gave up cuz of the boring gameplay . 
  i tried scarlet blade it . . uhh looks pretty good ... um ... oh yeah , nexon is the only company i legit hate , cuz they ip block countries so that they ca n't play vindictus . 
  i 'm kinda looking forward to kingdom under fire 2 . 
  i 'm gon na try archeage soon . 
  i miss `` just a lil ' bit '', 
  * liam cena jelly-butt jiggle intensifies *, 
  i used to login everyday too , i was in one of those huge clans that made de do something about the member cap . 
  it was asuro , some shit happened over night , clan name changed ( under the lotus ? 
  ) , clan site relocated , the guy that was in charge of a group of modders ( which i was part if ) left . 
  and thats when i said f it . 
  i really love the ship interiors tho , i wish more games used that design . 
  oh and , fuck that stalker guy, 
  i just imagine kenny swinging two boats on strings above him, 
  you should watch tb 's vids of that , its funny as fuck, 
  perfect . 
  the salt lick is actually as good as a shotgun . 
  everyone knows that shotgun is always a solution, 
  we got salt licks in the trunk , by the way, 
  plague will use his bullshit connection powers, 
  the savior of the shame people !, 
  oh god ... blighttown, 
  looks sick , but too bright for my wp collection, 
  me too ... 
  i thought this was something about tbf from youtube, 
  matt the liar, 
  and then they left on the dickboat, 
  he was a white guy once , but all that satsui no hado ... oooh . 
  and his hair is turning purple now . 
  he is becoming oni woolie, 
  boat master x to the end, 
  a dragon, 
  the player needs a lot of work and features . 
  i want it to be like music bee, 
  they 're basically the same, 
  kenny secretly works for tell tale . 
  think about it , carrying over so many decisions into twd s3 would be a nightmare . 
  so ... kenny solves the problem . 
  less characters = less work . 
  race war 19 ?? 
  - still ongoing,
