  looks like i really do n't know anything about kids . 
  i really want a new good predator game, 
  you could have grabbed a free aliens vs predator original of off gog . 
  people are on multiplayer , and it 's pretty fun . 
  maybe it 's still there, 
  female quanari mage . 
  homicidal badass , just like the grey warden and hawke, 
  i downloaded the comic , still have n't read it , but ... 
  i 'd download anything predator related . 
  i even think the avp movies are good , just cuz preds are in them, 
  it 's a mewn, 
  smash sucks , it 's not on pc, 
  check him out on youtube , he can explain everything and anything in just a few simple steps , and he is a super funny guy, 
  i dont think there is anything other than that mod for the moment . 
  but you could ask around on ll , they could have some stuff, 
  that is just straight up woolie, 
  he 's got ta cover up all the squishy and warm green juices or else they 'll get frozen, 
  the curse of the ig/etc office , they sometimes lose their beards, 
  rip in peace pallet man , rip in peace, 
  the creatures , game society pimps , bro team , criken , team four star gaming, 
  i like how it adds to the chaos but it would be better fixed, 
  the ig community is asexual, 
  broteam punched tatsua , i think he decapitated her, 
  fighterwhat ? 
  dammit ... no no ** a ** - sexual, 
  i never watched korra or avatar or whatever , and i really liked mg rising ... but this game is a bit eeeeeh for me . 
  i played it for 30 mins , did n't have much fun . 
  not a fan, 
  embrace the boatstorm, 
  f content and * full * disclosure, 
  yeah , the game was boring for me , but nice to see japanese games coming to pc, 
  people , watch jojo it 's fucking awesome, 
  * puts on nerd glasses * androids actually ... 
  she looks like she 's from the sims, 
  gon na wait for 2015 and buy some newer hardware . 
  i want to experience 60 fps, 
  google should get on this thing , make holograms dammit . 
  this is 2014 !, 
  garrus vakarian , turian , male , batman , heck yeah , baddasery, 
  [ setsuna is the man ] ( http://www.culturaneogeo.com/personajes2/setsuna/setsuna-cool-intro.gif ), 
  * in a flacid tone * who the hell do you think i am , bitch nigga shit ? 
  last blade 2 , they played it on fisticuffs, 
  inside gaming played it on a podcast, 
  there actually is a jc2 fps mod . 
  it 's a little rough but it works , and add godmode , blow yourself up with c4 off of a mountain and get motion sick if you 're a woolie . 
  one day bioware should go nuts like this , more citadel dlc-ish stuff, 
  the ps controller is just a shank in disguise, 
  they would only mess stuff up . 
  fresh install, 
  must be nice being rich, 
  the best games for them to play are ze bad games, 
  death note has no fights , it 's all psychological n shit . 
  and watching the protagonist go crazy is cool . 
  you could also try black lagoon , it 's about some mercenaries . 
  high school of the dead , it 's about highschool kids killing zombies , with ecchi spicing it up a little ( there is only 1 ? 
  `` cute '' character but she 's a bitch ) . 
  or good old jojo ... it 's crazy, 
  so , is this guy going to join ubisoft in digging that hole ? 
  holy fuck that engine sucks, 
  i hate when ppl talk like this on reddit xd . 
  it really pisses me off . 
  i use mo and nope , i have to dl mods directly, 
  no more chest waxing, 
  i grew up with serious sam and his dumb voice . 
  my favorite moment was the ugh zan iii boss battle . 
  currently playing bfe, 
  lets see some dusty rigs, 
  i thought i was alone, 
  the warden is probably reptile, 
  also , nobody cares about assassin 's creed in feudal japan ... ubi is going to reach the molten core if they keep digging, 
  too bad my cpu is getting to shit for 60fps, 
  fuck yeah , technology !, 
  you mean ninja blade ? 
  tara babcock from zoomingames ? 
  the perfect gif, 
  black lagoon and the first attack on titan intro, 
  that statue is sexy and spooky at the same time , 2spooxy4me, 
  check out eporner , 60fps section, 
  is keith a vampire-ghoast-pants ? 
  [ inside gaming ] ( https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plq2uc-bcrapfjdsfjnb7dxgsa3dbuktzv ), 
  sparda is actually from the infraworld, 
  he occasionally sets the tips of his dreads on fire and sticks them up a gas mask , and then he inhales them . 
  not sure about weed tho, 
  wow , actual words, 
  fuck this place where i live , it 's not spooky or halloween yet, 
  oooooooooofffff !, 
  fuck that room, 
  i wish i could download the world state and import that into dai, 
  did op died, 
  was thinking the same thing, 
  why do you care about `` society '' ? 
  you should try and make yourself happy , not some thing . 
  i remember splice ... when the guy from predators had sex with the mutant girl who turns into a mutant rapist guy, 
  you were hiding inside skeleton man all along !!, 
  get ready for going downhill again guys , the knife is far away, 
  i never changed anything but the color of the eyes and the hair with mods . 
  she 's too beautiful dammit , just like default male shepard, 
  about fallout ... you are a 19 year old that looks 50 years old . 
  there were n't even options for wrinkles of something . 
  i only saw 10mins of combat , a bit of character creation and the keep .
