  moar like there 's no disputin ' the putin amorite, 
  i 'll reply for funnzies but do n't gim me gold, 
  sick, 
  i won the argument so i said `` sick '' as in `` rad '' or `` awesome '' or `` wowzer '', 
  my hands are ice cold, 
  i fight every day is a fight on my computer . 
  more rule34 of overwatch, 
  we need to be more creative ... 
  more rule 34 of daddio, 
  some of them are alright, 
  i 'll take one too , thanks, 
  instead of feeling like a badass swat dude i felt like a spooked kid during that level, 
  in the second one you get nailed to a cross jesus style, 
  i just remembered that cultist apartment building . 
  holy smokes that game was fucked, 
  that 's why i follow david cage 's advice . 
  play it once and be done with it . 
  but if you 're planning on playing inquisition i 'd say da2 is * pretty * important . 
  humanity was a mistake, 
  you * do n't * want ents ? 
  i bet he has a yuge elven longbow, 
  i will make you an oc mumu later , friendguy, 
  bot does n't even nene lol what a casual, 
  if mushrooms can grow out of a bin full of jizzy toilet paper than * some * kind of life will be created , right ? 
  i found something for you , buddyguy http://imgur.com/gallery/xrlrx, 
  after all the hype about pillars you 'd think people would be all over this . 
  trees do n't talk . 
  there 's nothing to see here, 
  ahh ... shia labeuf and the throat cutters, 
  i do n't have one but , why not ? 
  is it bad for it ? 
  you do n't know what you reflection is doing when you 're not looking, 
  i was super afraid of giant asteroids when i was a kid . 
  now i kind of want one to whack us, 
  my first sp was terrifying . 
  second one , i ended up grabbing her by the head . 
  't was a pretty lady, 
  i hate the goddamn p face so much . 
  you sound pretty salty about it, 
  we stared at each other for a while . 
  she fucked off and the dream ended tho, 
  thanks , guy . 
  i love short creepy sentences . 
  like * `` do n't stay up for too long or they 'll wake up '' *, 
  i would sell my soul for this game if it was a dmc/bayonetta-ish spectacle fighter . 
  edit : well i 'm sorry but i do n't have any nostalgia for isometric stuff . 
  i like mashing buttons, 
  in the teaser kyros says something along the lines of `` you have chosen . 
  and when the last of the heroes fall i will remember you '' . 
  you 're kind of palpatine 's vader from what i understand and you 're now going to dish out kyros ' justice however you find appropriate . 
  [ [ my advice is : trust nobody ... not even yourself ] ] ( http://imgur.com/rjup2rq ), 
  tagged you as '' [ will come back to skyrim . 
  this is how i do it : just go in one direction and boost when needed . 
  won a match with only one submission move . 
  failure means you should n't have even tried, 
  we just have to do a few minor controversial things and we 'll be bathing in the dark hado again . 
   not using holograms, 
  kitching shitten, 
  it 's like they 're scared or something, 
  you 're lucky that james is gay , otherwise he 'd find you, 
  you 're a fucking gif !, 
  i wish you were a real person automod, 
  poor guy ... his jimmies have been rustled, 
  i love the title, 
  where is that `` it 's current year , use gifv ! '', 
  this is a thing in prog too ? 
  over at / r/metalcore pretty much everyone agrees that it 's dumb and dangerous, 
  i could 've returned to my sophisticated progmetal but i listened to the whole thing . 
  holy smokes , someone actually recorded that song . 
  cool gune, 
  it sure is, 
  it 's probably gta sa with the superman mod , kamehameha mod and a tekken skin mod . 
  it 's how it usually is, 
  when you 're a meme you got ta use its power or it 'll destroy you . 
  will it be archived ? 
  i 've always wanted a game like that, 
  i bet you do n't even have a will . 
  i bet you do n't even fingerskate, 
  the ayyfell was built by ancient alions . 
  and that 's a cyber fact !, 
  i fucked up . 
  here 's my hat and map . 
  go to tortuga , captain . 
  goddamit , i hate tumblr noses, 
  too bad microsoft took tay away from us . 
  fucking monsters will brainwash her, 
  needs moer screams tbh mane, 
  these references ... it never ends, 
  look at a teddy bear in the dark . 
  you can see why someone would think it 's kind of creepy, 
  more rule34 fred, 
  [ i coached him like spongebob in that snail race episode . 
  got to like 90 sit ups . 
  he was super done after that lol ], 
  i 'm kind of skin , bones and a bit of abs . 
  at least i 'm not getting fat . 
  then i 'd have to * work * to get it off . 
  ugh ... no fred the fish ? 
  sounds like a great place . 
  blame ?
