  and i have the restored content mod if that changes anything . 
  why is hk47 ( revan 's murderbot of all people ) and everyone else all the way up on light side ? 
  why is visas halfway dark ? 
  and how do i know who to take with me on missions for influence . 
  i do n't know if i have to but i always take kreia with me for the force lessons . 
  can she do that through the force so i can have 2 other companions with me ? 
  it 's really frustrating because i do n't want to miss stuff . 
  i 've also read that you can make other people jedi . 
  do i have to do ls stuff for that ? 
  because i do n't really want to . 
  edit : visas is the fucking worst . 
  what do you want from me ? 
  [ in case you do n't know what that sounds like ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btimns0cpyu ), 
  i played skyrim for hundreds of hours and breezehome is the only house i own . 
  also ... serana and lydia are the only vanilla companions i own . 
  lydia is more like a gargoyle that collects dust in a corner tho . 
  what the fuck is gravity falls and why is there r34 of it everywhere . 
  it 's rustling my jimjongs . 
  i 'm going to sleep now . 
  the best explanation gets an oc meme tomorrow, 
  my dick is diamonds, 
  some context for the curious : i 'm nv-17 . 
  i was built by the creature creator . 
  a broken individual ( physically broken . 
  there is nothing wrong with his mind ... ) that is barely holding on to life . 
  he is being kept alive on korriban by ancient sith magic . 
  we vanished some time ago from this facility . 
  i remember waiting for orders and watching him work on some nasty creature you call `` intern '' . 
  then the room started shaking and a flash bright as a star . 
  my system shut down . 
  the next thing i remember is seeing a rocky surface and my master bleeding out on the ground . 
  i compressed him and stored him into my data storage . 
  i activated my engines and started searching for the nearest planet ( that was korriban in this case ) . 
  and long story short , he made a deal with a sith lord . 
  i work with the empire and he keeps my master alive . 
  ** now onto the questions : **, 
  what is this `` moon explosion '' event ? 
  did it explode ? 
  did * anything else * explode ? 
  and if so , where is the facility located now ? 
  did you burn my master 's office down ? 
  if not : `` burn the motherfucker down !, 
  and everything else in * loud coughing and words not meant for mortals * . 
  ( i had to wipe the part that came after that from my data because it almost overloaded my system ), 
  our mission was to search an asteroid field . 
  no further instructions . 
  so far we have confirmed the existence of life 17 forms . 
  6 human children / unarmed, 
  10 human adults / 3 armed / 7 wounded, 
  1 jedi / wounded / vital signs unstable, 
  our protocols state that the recommended course of action is to terminate all but the jedi in this situation . 
  and then to interrogate said jedi . 
  we will leave that decision to the commanding officers . 
  why is n't the whole page used ? 
  is there a res setting to stretch it ? 
  my memes will climb to the top !, 
  yeah !, 
  i played both origins and 2 . 
  origins was alright but i loved 2 ( weird , right ? ) . 
  the main character has no character , the enemies are * bullet * sponges and the game feels like a not very good mmo and the controls are not great either . 
  i get constant 60fps but the loading times are crazy . 
  the only reason i tried to play it is to see hawke again , but right now i do n't know if i want to anymore . 
  edit : uninstalled it . 
  they ruined it with consolitis and mmo stuff . 
  edit : you know what ? 
  fuck it . 
  i 'll cheat my way through the main quests, 
  [ removed ], 
  for me it 's when preddie starts using his medical gadgets . 
  i love how they stop what they 're doing to patch themselves up in fast and painful ways . 
  `` rip that shit out , put this thing here , jam that crap there . 
  i 'm doing a [ predator ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/24543/ ? ), 
  playthrough and i wan na climb around the place and stalk patrols and stuff . 
  btw did n't mean any of you , my dear friendos . 
  unless ... you actually do that ? 
  pls do n't . 
  my phone does n't like it, 
  [ removed ], 
  i will kick it off and you friendos will continue . 
  a meme singularity is coming ... 
  waht do ya do wit a drunken sailor !, 
  what does this actually sound like ? 
  there was a thing where the devil left a clue . 
  it was either the zodiac sign of the rat or scorpion , do n't remember which . 
  the hearts were left at the crime scenes but had chunks missing . 
  the movie itself is pretty gritty looking . 
  the detective was a max payne-style rough looking dude . 
  i * think * the dt used a minigun at some point . 
  at the end of the movie they 're in a tunnel and the devil creeped up on the detective and put his giant hand over the dts head and had his devil juice dripping on him . 
  it was looking like something you would see in alien . 
  why this ? 
  imagine a black hole the size of a ball right in front of you . 
  would your limbs get ripped off or would they just stretch out and fall into the black hole ? 
  or would they get like disintegrated into dust ? 
  now ... 
  back to worshiping the old ones, 
  for example / r/witcher looks great with night mode off http://i.imgur.com/sgdb2ab.png, 
  and nm on looks really jank, 
  is there some trick for the stylish extension or the stylesheet loader to make / r/witcher look good while night mode still being on everywhere else ? 
  ( the night mode fixes i have in stylesheet loader could be the cause of the issue but without it night mode is broken everywhere ),
