  why does it have to be vodka ? 
  james and aleks from the creatures drunk balsamic vinegar on one of their livestreams . 
  eww dude ... 
  i really hope that there is gon na be a `` burn jordan 's shit down '' ceremony . 
  i loved the mlg thing they did a while ago . 
  this is a more direct way to involve fans i think . 
  oh no ... if it 's on bruce 's beard ... then ... the sonntag 's spot may be contaminated . 
  sniper raptor jesus save us all ... 
  those got ta be correct , i mean if cod ghosts did it ... 
  watching that was weird , i have n't seen something so good in a while , it seems unreal that something can be so good, 
  how much did you earn for that kidney you sold in eastern europe ? 
  fckn casuals ... 
  i wonder how much time is adam going to spend on trying to make tunt have sex again ? 
  jakovic ? 
  fuck 'n awesome dude !, 
  it is sp00n, 
  like a cat, 
  i just realized how fast sims do the deed, 
  do n't give them money !, 
  they 'll spend it on drugs !, 
  actually , give them money . 
  maybe we 'll see ig in uk or we 'll see drug souls, 
  band - inside boys, 
  make a porn company name . 
  each of you add 1 part to the name . 
  and somewhere in the middle of the stream we 'll hear a lot of heavy boots in the distance closing in and somebody yelling at them to get on the ground ... * drug soulsssss *, 
  they should contact bruce to make american psycho 3 . 
  this time they should use games to set up the plot . 
  games make you violent , right ? 
  i think that he also screams in the few 1st trips, 
  hail kovic !, 
  ze masta of ze world !, 
  there 's this thing called x-plane . 
  i saw somewhere that it 's the most advanced simulator or something, 
  every time this so called `` james '' guy is about to say something , in my mind i scream `` fake ! '', 
  skyrim with dicks , definitely, 
  you can play as the fudgevagina thing with cheats, 
  you have a case of jowoodopathy ... 
  i knew they would screw it up at least once, 
  superman is too op, 
  we need quick snow and soft ... cement . 
  wow ... sims 3 was like a teen going through some shitty puberty , look at this ... sims 4 a grown beautyful/manly woman/man ? 
  i hope it 's not [ canceled ], 
  spoiler alert : they 're janitors . 
  devil may cry 3, 
  what ?!, 
  that is 30 seconds of work , nobody got time for that !, 
  jk lol plz do it i 'm gon na cry, 
  use the red and blue cunt picture , actors should be able to be serious ... 
  add 1 nipple and a machinimuh logo, 
  i love multi theft auto , 2 years ago i was playing it with my friends all day on a server . 
  good memories , the spanish people and their jajaja laugh , trolls , a lot of drama ( and it was forbidden in the server rules ) , and no guns on the server . 
  i was in a faction with a moderator of the server , he gave us guns and we were fucking around with people , while being paranoid ( the admin was n't there , but who knows when he might get back ? ) . 
  also a lot of stunts , mods and gamemodes . 
  there is also the set weather command , / sw and i started entering random numbers and i found one weird weather number , the sky was red and after a few minutes your whole screen would turn red and after a few minutes the screen would turn back to normal , also the clouds were moving super fast . 
  i do n't think that you can save in the alpha, 
  nah , its windows 7 but with a skin, 
  my ribs hurt after i watched two best friends play that harry potter game, 
  is spoo - ... 
  wait , he is high !, 
  he 's high on lady penis ' farts !, 
  i just noticed that i misspelled industries ... be right back , i 'm gon na punish myself ( long chaser session ), 
  yeeeeeeeeeeessss !, 
  every humpday, 
  so if we do the ig math , that would be like ... one and half stream ? 
  i 've too played dw4 first on my shitty old pc , i love the new game . 
  and i 'm a keyboard warrior , no controllers for me . 
  wow that 's a cool pic, 
  i love sarcasm ... 
  its dlc , you got ta pay, 
  anyone got the link to the original igd video ? 
  `` hmm , looks like some sorta 2001 hit ... '', 
  kids in my school only like to get drunk and play football ... fuckin casuals, 
  3gb , store many games . 
  who wrote that ? 
  somepne arrest that guy, 
  chain him up and put away anything that smells nice ( glue , paint , fuel etc. ), 
  or something that can be burned and smoked . 
  this is like `` guile theme goes with everything '', 
  somehow i skipped to the perfect moment ... `` hmm , ok that 's a naked lady in public on tables ... so ... * splat * what the ... '', 
  i wanted to say something , but it would have been too master racist, 
  i could n't watch it , but from the trailers i saw , definitely far cry 4, 
  hmmm ... weird , i taste pepsi, 
  i did n't watch that stream , so yeah , would be really nice . 
  and the goat sim and rambo ? 
  i think they 're archived on the inside gaming channel on twitch , not the mlive one . 
  check out creature talk on the creature hub . 
  bruce with axe ? 
  holy shit , whitout the game , the song is pretty good, 
  gim me stream first !, 
  adam reminds me of mermaid man from spongebob, 
  postal makes more sense than chaser . 
  something is n't right here ... 
  i can tell from the screenshots that this could be the next `` chaser '' . 
  but it 's supposed to be piss , it 's punishment for dying . 
  im on my phone , no idea what this is, 
  nuke the comment section, 
  the guy said it 's more like a sequel . 
  whatever it is ... 
  i 'm so fucking hyped !,
