  you were an idiot , me in the past . 
  awwwww, 
  the anime is dragging out like ** shit !, 
  ** i hate it now , but i 'm still watching it . 
  it 's like 1/4 of an episode is stuff barely happening and the rest is flashbacks . 
  imagine if he was ... guys have you ever heard of `` ventablack '' ? 
  it 's super rad . 
  breezehome fully upgradable . 
  you ca n't experience the awesomness through pictures or videos . 
  you got ta be a whiterun thane with a * lot * of coin to buy all of the things . 
  1000 years of death , overdrive !, 
  that 's pretty much what i did . 
  if you could change something about each other , what would it be ? 
  dao is kinda slow like neverwinter nights.you can use 3rd person camera or tactical . 
  da2 is much faster but has no tactical camera . 
  inquisition got the tactical camera back but it 's kind of weird on the pc version . 
  you can make strategies for each of your npc companions , like when to use a certain ability depending on the enemy type , number or health and much more . 
  you have a bar in the bottom filled with abilities and potions . 
  you select the enemy and ability and boom , or just click the enemy and you start attacking . 
  yeah i guess the witcher 2 is about 40h . 
  the 3rd is supposed to be 50h if you only do the main quest . 
  but if you do the side quests and screw around , it 'd be around 100h or 120h . 
  also , the 2nd and 3rd look amazing . 
  it 's the creator 's will !, 
  someone will probably emulate it somehow . 
  maybe they do , maybe not ( yet ) . 
  i mean , they 're not emulating entire servers , it 's just data import . 
  ( i 'm not an expert , just thinking logically ), 
  * screams like a madman * fuuuuuck !, 
  so they [ kill the cool kid , and now i have to play more as shitty mira ? 
  this is just like when i saw the end of code geass r2 . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  i saw this on the description page of rlo , it 's one of the modules :, 
  `` realistic lighting overhaul - major city interiors - no homes . 
  a version of rlo which has no cell edits for player homes to allow you to use house mods instead of rlo edits '' . 
  i think you could reinstall rlo with that module , and it should work with fu breezehome, 
  i meant real life people , but sure . 
  nazeem would do just fine . 
  sanguine gladius ? 
  since vampires use latin shit , why not the whole thing . 
  hey gandalf . 
  oh , florida man ... 
  you know who does n't have a broke , dick piece of shit drill ? 
  it 's impossibru , the spencer is slowly moving the camera up, 
  is n't it `` reign in hell '' ? 
  we 'll never get japan ... 
  ** fuck ** him !, 
  it 'll probably be just `` we ai n't found shit ... '' * sigh * maybe some day ... 
  xenomorphs ? 
  people that you created in your mind ? 
  looks like dhalsim, 
  yeah , is this like poisonception ? 
  it would n't stop the predators from planting some of them on mars to trap humans tho . 
  it 's like they were recorded on a phone and then ran through shitty filters . 
  i like flinging them over bandit walls with magic . 
  no , it 's not a loli show . 
  she 's tall , blonde hair and had a boyfriend ( i think ) , and some demon bad guy squeezed his heart from a distance , or maybe he was injecting demon juice into him . 
  also , at some point she got tricked by demons which looked like her parents . 
  this was just one episode and i ca n't remember anything else at the moment . 
  it 's a bit late , so i 'm off to bed and i 'll let the reddit detectives do their stuff . 
  nope . 
  i doubt that anyone knows what i 'm talking about . 
  even i do n't , i 've seen only that one episode . 
  the downvoted person might be saying something completely logical , but they can be downvoted by someone who does n't like what they said . 
  instead of talking they downvote which is basically saying `` fuck off , your opinion is stupid '' . 
  it should be used for trolls and idiots . 
  \u266b a broke , dick , piece of shit tec-9 \u266b, 
  if they put out something heavier than drown next ... my faith in bmth will be restored . 
  i just hope they do n't fuck my faith in them by continuing drown style ... 
  it feels like someone threw an egg at me from behind me and ran off , after i gave a speech . 
  you can enter a name of a movie on kickass and select the quality , it will show rips , cams , hd etc. 
  `` unstable lightsaber '' that sounds like the nerdiest shit . 
  i love it . 
  about the movie theater thing . 
  for me , the movie the does n't exist if it 's not on dvd , bluray , whaterver . 
  for me the guardians of the galaxy came out like a month ago . 
  i would buy the movies on disk , but shit like that does n't come out here where i live . 
  where is finger spacing ? 
  i gots a straight-up boner fo ' gizoogle . 
  it will happen when woolie becomes the big dick boss of the zaibatsu . 
  oh , i 'm a dirty pirate and i live in fuckin ' serbia . 
  we have dvds but we rarely get the big releases or they come out super late on dvd . 
  other people pay for the discs and cinema , i do n't ~ ~ have ~ ~ want to . 
  that is my logic , many people do n't like it , but i do n't care . 
  life is short and i will spend money on what i really need . 
  it 's actually vergil not virgil ... * god * ... 
  learn dmc lore . 
  that guy is fucking rad as fuck !, 
  i think i saw in some article ( a while ago ) that they wanted to do sequels for the original and reboot every 5 ( ? ), 
  years . 
  so next should be devil may cry 5 . 
  i doubt it tho ... 
  * cries * vergil , where art thou ? 
  ramsay snow is kenny \u00b2, 
  i 'm gon na start watching the show . 
  i fucked my 1 - 3 seasons . 
  oh yeah , there is a theater around my area with the new movies , but i hate people . 
  i 'd rather watch it alone and for free . 
  about the good deal ... 
  the witcher 2 was super successful , and i saw a lot of people who pirated it and later bought it , just because the cd projektred is against drm and that kind of stuff .
