  i thought you meant on purpose . 
  well , i 'm not sure about dying light , but usualy you should install all of them . 
  alone sounds really hype . 
  * shakes fist at the sky * damn you cancer !, 
  a lot of people on / r/rmasseffect love garrus . 
  are we just killing each other ? 
  deayyth to the stormcloayycs lmao !, 
  i live in serbia and i pirate because there is no other way for me to play them . 
  sure , i can go to the store and buy some games . 
  games from 2004 . 
  movies and music ? 
  netflix does not exist here . 
  and spotify has an ip block . 
  also , i 'm 17 with no credit card and i suck at doing anything . 
  all the money i save up is for my pc . 
  also , my morals are shit . 
  so there 's that . 
  i do n't feel bad for pirating at all . 
  it 's what i want to do . 
  maybe i 'll stop when i get rich , who knows . 
  james , bro team and bruce from / r/funhaus are my favorite wheezers ( ? ), 
  yeah !, 
  some of my friends , when i give them some of my actually bought disk games * ask * if needs to be cracked . 
  it 's crazy . 
  remember the ancient times ? 
  those were good times ... 
  for some reason i always read drill as `` drrrrriiiiillllll '' . 
  like in gurren lagan . 
  from what i 've read and saw from ep1 ... 
  this cheered me up after i saw [ znt ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1ivt3a3aac ), 
  i love how shit gets hype around the end of each session . 
  america !, 
  comin ' in to save the mothafuckin ' dayy , yeah !, 
  lmao, 
  good night , sweet frog . 
  i think the cat is really cool . 
  relax ? 
  ** relax ** ? 
  when installing a new system ? 
  i just have the worst luck when doing this type of stuff . 
  my pc shit itself when i tried upgrading win7 to 64bit . 
  this feels like a / r9k / story, 
  i personally , like to leg sweep them at the start . 
  man , she da real ghostface killah, 
  wait . 
  so ... what 's the problem ? 
  i 've been using pirated windows from the start and never had a problem with it . 
  i would dern sure like a modded fallout 3 and renegade mass effect . 
  yeah . 
  i smell a bit of bullshit , but it 's fine since it 's free . 
  dang it . 
  it did n't come up on alientube so i thought it was n't . 
  i like how this was n't answered . 
  i watched the anime and read the manga after that . 
  and , yes . 
  the manga is better . 
  they did n't even have the `` 103 bones '' part . 
  * but * ... 
  i like the twist they had in the anime at the end of the 1st season . 
  death note and naruto . 
  i still love badass slightly evil , or just evil protagonists . 
  but fuck naruto now though . 
  i used to love it . 
  it 's just for a short bit , but the main guys from tokyo ghoul : re do this on a mission . 
  backup was n't the problem . 
  the problem was an error during the installation, 
  i have no mouth and i must scream . 
  it 's an old point and click about a super computer ai that took over the earth and you play as a bunch of people through their stories . 
  this is one of the worst ports i 've seen . 
  reminds me of an enemy from the d&d arcade game . 
  ooh . 
  that is a dick move . 
  i dern sure hope so . 
  there is still nothing with the sword . 
  some sort of mass gathering could do just fine . 
  and an automatic weapon in each hand . 
  just do a 360 and mow people down . 
  bonus points for explosives . 
  google , the hero of our time . 
  i just play with infinite carry weight . 
  i like to carry all of my armory in my pocket . 
  it mentally hurts to upvote on this sub, 
  you spin me right round , baby . 
  right round . 
  oh shit son !, 
  dem memes dern sure got checked !, 
  i freaked out when my sister got close to my monitor with a small magnet . 
  smacked that shit outta her hands like arnie in the get to the choppa scene, 
  reeeeeeeeeee, 
  not really feature but i want to relax . 
  just fuck the reapers and shoot bottles with batman all day . 
  the legs look literaly rock hard . 
  wooooo !, 
  * throws $ 10 at phone screen *, 
  the whole galaxy is fighting big dumb robots . 
  let 's get wasted and fight a clone !, 
  i wish the second part was actually the game . 
  something like xfire . 
  yes . 
  i only played the 2 arcade games so i do n't know much about d&d .
