  ( mutation - `` the bruce nosehole '' ), 
  ( threat - minimal ), 
  jake 's brother from ride to hell retribution, 
  fav series are mass effect and devil may cry . 
  fav game was never made, 
  inside gaming is not spam , i say post everything, 
  weirder than my ride to hell dream ... is it ? 
  no ... maybe ? 
  kinda ? 
  ugh ... do n't wan na think about it ... 
  the struggle to smile is real, 
  direct exposure to the joel hole radiation, 
  also , when tunt becomes the president , trap the opposition, 
  montezum , you could try en.twitch.tv it worked for me, 
  uunt ? 
  no ... zunt, 
  i head that ... tony cakes ... is a lie ... 
  bruised spleen ? 
  you know , when you rearrange the words insidegaming it spells out vampire, 
  more, 
  in spore you just wiggle your ass at your partner and then you lay an egg . 
  arma is love, 
  alien f content !, 
  screw battlefield and cod , chaser is the shit !, 
  3 months ? 
  i want destruction like in red faction, 
  the guy killed everyone !, 
  back to my patrol route ... 
  mods, 
  if there is no other option , at least take the mic, 
  i 'd probably run , this guy gets back to his business, 
  what do you mean ?!, 
  i thought you were the god of sfx !, 
  nothing . 
  to be continued, 
  he is the legendary silver ranger, 
  hips ? 
  do a 360 spin hump , back to back, 
  at least he 's not pulling out his beard, 
  smite and mass effect, 
  i would love to see them ruin some serious servers !, 
  eventually they will have to start from the original link , and then do it again, 
  i really hope they will have a pillar in the new office, 
  i wonder if luis navarro is on this subreddit ... 
  what ever the name means , i 'm sure it 's about little boys, 
  hey , you can make it look like a monster dick , i could do the roar and jo wood could make the ejaculation sound, 
  i 'm not sure how i feel about this ... 
  i 'm not aroused that 's for sure , and not completely disgusted ... hmmm ... you win sir , this is grade a art . 
  jowood 's official custom difficulty, 
  * deep breath * it 's so fucking good !!!, 
  uhhh !!, 
  i miss the pillar ... 
  they should still get bro team over there, 
  when tuntface has sex he first says `` say hello to my '' little '' friend '', 
  * checks earpiece * yeah , what was that ? 
  jo ... my contact told me that when you blacked out , you took your own kidney out and sold it somewhere in eastern europe , went to france parachuted from the eiffel tower , ran all the way to they shore while putting scuba gear on , got to uk via some underwater passage , stole a plane and landed somewhere in the middle of bumfuck nowhere in the us . 
  a masterpiece , and you signed my copy while you were unconscious . 
  ohh ... 
  oh you bet , he won a nobel prize in literature !, 
  adding to my slideshow wallpaper folder , nuff said, 
  i 've always thought that my favorite actor could create someone who would at least have a chance against my favorite alien , predator . 
  oh hell yes , i just started watching house of cards, 
  another addition to my wallpaper folder, 
  should have made it in cyrillic , t\u0423ht, 
  lol bruce 's legs are like sticks, 
  nope, 
  ooohh ... critical hit, 
  i played it for 2 or 3 days . 
  moved on to smite, 
  this vs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smimjse9uvo ? 
  niid moar of dis, 
  yes . 
  if anyone wonders what influenced the video , it was the critters and montage parodies ( i 'm bad at them , this is a weird makeshift ), 
  did you hear him say anything ? 
  chiill out m8 , u much mad bro, 
  what 's the store called in the game ? 
  he was probably drunk, 
  he is descendant of lord cuntula, 
  obviously he was , i cant see `` goblin darts '' or `` actually '', 
  dammit , troy baker is in every game !, 
  why do machinimen people use the same fallout video every time ? 
  the future is the same as aleks ' career, 
  whats the original movie called ? 
  i always think of gems and jewels, 
  radical in peace, 
  many changes . 
  improved . 
  interested , will play . 
  some people say the resolution is bigger in the book than in the game, 
  lawrence ai n't gon na cut it , bring back the pillar !, 
  unboxing of james when he gets back !, 
  nope . 
  now i berieve in mastur bruz, 
  machinimuh !, 
  as a `` not really into halo , only played halo 1 multi '' guy , i 'd play a super giant mega pack , on pc ... 
  jo wood is not a woman ... jo wood is an idea , it is something that inspires a whole generation ... just not this generation . 
  jo wood is also homeless . 
  there is a little bit of jo wood insi ... no ... stop ... do n't ... 
  views are like grenades , you can never have enough . 
  a 6 hour dj summer 2012 mix of static,
