  ( yeah i 'm a super huge fan of predator ), 
  ocd relief ... 
  through the woolie hole , with morgan freeman, 
  i ca n't breathe, 
  bro actually left on his own, 
  a part of him was crying inside, 
  nobody would ever let him use a computer again , he broke into a internet cafe at night to write that review . 
  people say that they saw somebody in a alley with a computer later that night . 
  i want more skyrim with dicks . 
  i doubt it , but ... you can watch broteam 's pornstream https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sw6qa6ubqaa, 
  adam looks older . 
  i liked mass effect 2 more , it 's more focused on the crew members . 
  i do n't dislike mass effect 1 but ... those fuckin ' elevators . 
  mass effect 3 ... ugh , it has too much `` auto-dialogue '' , at least the combat is more fluid . 
  i never used a fightstick , but i would buy this one anytime . 
  i just got here , and i 'm 16 . 
  but i started listening to metal at a young age , i think it was iron maiden . 
  then i stopped for a while and listened to electronic stuff . 
  after a few years i got back into metal , and last year i got into metalcore . 
  i also like a bit of deathcore like born of osiris and some older stuff by bmth . 
  i mostly listen to architects , bmth , parkway drive and austrian death machine . 
  so ... even more rule34 ? 
  girls draw hentai too . 
  yes . 
  the hypest website on ... wait ... on youtube ? 
  james is the creator of the cthulululu mythos ? 
  but seriously , i need my ig live fix, 
  i will dern sure dernload this !, 
  these are awesome !, 
  i almost bought this game a long time ago . 
  spoole looks high . 
  is this real life ? 
  nah , every turn is one shot, 
  what a great mix !, 
  no thanks , i 'm gon na party with predators https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-39zz-pha6c, 
  he 's actually turning into marshal, 
  vergil is the hottest and the coolest dude in gaming . 
  you know what bro team said about pewdie ? 
  `` guy is a fuckin ' genius . '', 
  kootra is 2 op , pls nerf, 
  adam looks like potato , i love it, 
  i remember when bro team played this ... `` now ... the next guy wo n't expect this - a knife in the throat '' [ bro team fucking cocksucking piss-ass shit rogue warrior ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8x4lj2p2dhc ), 
  mc railman album art ? 
  make the ultimate swear word , each of you add 1 swear, 
  ewww , james looks old, 
  have you seen bro team pill 's chat ? 
  that song is pretty sick, 
  he looks like a human-salarian thing, 
  fucking thank you very motherfucking much, 
  did someone steal the image ? 
  i hope they 're just delaying rogue for next-gen and pc , if not ... they 're just a bag of rotten dicks . 
  i ca n't wait for vol 2 . 
  i spent 6 or something hours watching them do all of that stuff , my day ... was complete . 
  looks awesome , would be a nice change for me . 
  i use u-7imate , it has some annoying mistakes , like white text on white background . 
  i keep seeing the same questions , `` is this for xbox ? '', 
  `` how do i get mods for skyrim on xbox ? '', 
  joe censored goddamn but left motherfucking in the vid ? 
  the position of that arm looks uncomfortable, 
  that 's it ladies and gentlemen , torches and pitchforks in the air !, 
  this is awesome !, 
  did anyone else see that gaben mosaic made of porn pictures ? 
  serious sam 3 has too much, 
  it 's on / r/pcmasterrace but i do n't know where, 
  ca n't play that it 's copyright !, 
  no comment . 
  maybe if todd howard shows up he can answer your question . 
  destiny is aaa i guess . 
  skyrim was too . 
  and fallout is filled with bugs just like skyrim . 
  i also consider chaser to be a aaa game . 
  mmmm yes , more ammo, 
  i 'm giving up on this , i do n't care , cuz i just played risen 3 . 
  i 'm sad and empty now . 
  i 'm hungry now ... 
  he said he wanted to explore , but in this state the only thing the boat can do is provide an unlimited power source ... dang it . 
  and it smells like asshole, 
  i never look at the comments there , makes my eyes bleed, 
  renegade for life, 
  guys please https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rigt79bvnes, 
  they even moved tbf , honestly i think they should just leave , they 've got their own channel and website . 
  they 're too good for respawn . 
  the ragdoll physics are awesome, 
  on machinima 's shit , maybe . 
  but on their own channel it 's awesome, 
  longer than the whole witcher franchise, 
  yahtzee needs to review this game, 
  he 's squeezing that dildokatana * pretty * tight, 
  is that actually liam ? 
  the only thing i watch on machinima is inside gaming . 
  my brother skips every single skippable thing, 
  i watch tbf every day on their channel, 
  that 's a lot of fart gas !, 
  the most heterosexual thing i 've seen in a while . 
  that jasmin mnf game was the best part of the stream, 
  god fucking dammit and fuckin ' christ i love this cock ass shit . 
  i can already imagine jordans face, 
  i have the same fear as adam . 
  i was up late playing games and my mom walked in at 5am . 
  he looks like he 's in severe butt pain,
