  i think she did chun cosplay recently . 
  it may be my imagination tho . 
  i think i saw it in / r/kappa, 
  does it make a big difference in gaming ? 
  right now i have a nothing made by nobody ddr3 4gb 13 * ?? 
  * whatever the freq is . 
  even the bots are shitting on it . 
  it 's not * that * bad . 
  that a lot more than some people do . 
  i spent 15 minutes looking at `` cute '' feet so that i could enjoy normal images that just had to have feet in them . 
  i wish humans walked on big pointy bones or had big ass snake tails . 
  i make predator noises . 
  what about a single 8gb stick ? 
  where are my nibble aligator memes ? 
  you should try the old capcom avp beat em up . 
  you can play together online coop through fightcade too, 
  this ice wraith is a predator . 
  two curved hollow fangs . 
  injecting ice cold venom . 
  sir , please go get yourself some smugnime , right now !, 
  / r/anime _ irl has a stickied starter kit, 
  milksteak, 
  my parents always give me shit for chopping that stuff off . 
  it 's like they do n't understand the concept of not liking some food . 
  `` come on ? 
  is it not edible or something ? '', 
  like ... fuck you , guy . 
  you eat this greasy rubber, 
  i would start a new world war . 
  the best continent wins, 
  god dammit that is so cool . 
  is it kinda flat n shit ? 
  my fingers bend really far back . 
  i hope a huge asteroid impact kills me . 
  sometimes i wonder what silence sounds like, 
  i agree . 
  the avp ones definitely look fancier . 
  to me they feel like an elite squad of soldiers while the solo predators from the originals were hunters . 
  about the faces ... 
  i 'm kind of biased towards p1 . 
  nothing will top that face reveal part and i 've literally seen the movie over 100 times . 
  edit : an original design would be cool for the new one . 
  i mean the original is iconic but you should inovate a bit . 
  also ... 
  i wan na stab myself when they bring up the `` best bit '' . 
  wow that 's super gay , mane, 
  is that / u/emobatman ? 
  you 're in trouble now !, 
  living on the edge . 
  you 're really cool, 
  nice, 
  here 's a video about rash and his theme in ki season 3 . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etm6dbczogw, 
  celldweller is the fucking best, 
  yeah . 
  that happens to me when i listen to his music, 
  you get quickscoped in the middle of your animation, 
  see you at the front page of / r/all guys !, 
  music is good for forcing too . 
  just imagine yourselves as the band and make a music video in your head . 
  when i 'm lucid , i 'm usually too busy with unlimited power trips to do cooler stuff . 
  but i had one experience in a normal dream where i asked nil something and she replied just like when we 're awake . 
  that 's when the normal dream became lucid and i forgot about her and started summoning asteroids and giant tornadoes . 
  he is just hiding his power level !, 
  hawt, 
  was it actually a gypsy ? 
  we have that problem here too in the le balkans . 
  i find this depressingly funny . 
  mine almost got stolen once, 
  but crows are so fucking cool man !, 
  it 's kinda therapeutic, 
  you should check out the you ca n't stump the trump series on yt . 
  it 's trump dealing sick burns with some funny montages . 
  the first few episodes are lukewarm with the editing but it gets way better, 
  devil may cry, 
  `` dragonborn ... 
  i get that i made you thane of our city but that does n't give you the right to kill our people . '', 
  `` i uhh ... foth ... 
  `` well ... do n't do it again . '', 
  moons of * madness * . 
  that 's kind of lovecraftian-ish . 
  it could be just used as hype but i really hope it is an actual lovecraftian space horror, 
  no u 're, 
  is there a reason for people not liking this game ? 
  looks pretty cool imo . 
  i hate when there are 2 subreddits that do the same thing, 
  milk, 
  being the host leaves an emotional scar, 
  why someone would have alts for this sub is beyond me . 
  boom, 
  i 'm laughing super hard right now, 
  now i 'm mad because we 'll never get prototype 3, 
  is n't the beta an * actual * beta tho ? 
  it 's levels, 
  well here it is . 
  it was in the other post, 
  have you seen how many knives and swords the creatures have gotten in the fanmail ? 
  recently they got a blowgun with real darts, 
  you ca n't lose if you never try, 
  i remember this mod when it was just a werewolf overhaul . 
  i will probably try this out,
