  it 's blinding and it stutters like crazy, 
  i thought the album was a 10/10 when i first listened to it . 
  but this song is on another level, 
  yeah , i think, 
  exactly , my dude, 
  i have n't watched this in a few months . 
  they are still doing this ? 
  sounded nice, 
  watched the other 2 parts and holy shit , this is awesome . 
  i actually did n't expect to be brought here . 
  there 's a lot of overlap, 
  holy shit , that top post on the sub . 
  `` what 's your favorite breakdown/album '' not enough for you ? 
  girugamesh recently made a metalcore ep and their last song . 
  their old stuff was vaguely metalcore , so try that too . 
  you should watch it . 
  it 's ... really fucking long, 
  on gog you get like 30 days, 
  yeah , i realized that i do n't actually like skyrim . 
  it 's fucking boring and not fun for me . 
  but modding it is kinda therapeutic, 
  i had a nightmare where i was playing against a cock-a-roach monster . 
  he just stood there and regenerated health while we were chipping it away . 
  i hope he 'll yell at you like payday 2 chains . 
  [ `` get da fuk up !, 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sftyommwxr8 ), 
  i 'll keep restarting the match till i hear one . 
  do n't expect anything from me tho . 
  i promise nothing and deliver less . 
  edit : i restarted 5 times . 
  i do n't wan na do it . 
  not like a phone or a vibrator . 
  there 's an off setting , a tiny bit and almost phone like vibs . 
  it does n't shake on your head , it 's for bass i guess, 
  quiet crackling when i click on something , type , scroll pretty much any time i do anything . 
  think ... the radiation sound from fallout, 
  #dicks out for gorambe, 
  i 've wanted to see this since i 've started playing, 
  laz : `` pain is only menthol '', 
  i never even saw this animu and i knew what i was about to see, 
  spy kids 3d specifically, 
  you feel it too do n't you ? 
  i do n't really care for plot stuff honestly . 
  but i 'm in love with ai640, 
  i still think it 's funny to bring it up whenever we can, 
  like [ the yith ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_race_of_yith ) or some other lovecraftian ayylmao ? 
  i ca n't wait for some sick prisoncore . 
  and if he has n't written anything ... like what the fuck , dode, 
  huh . 
  i played it yesterday and really enjoyed it . 
  tho i was moliath and a pretty decent one at that . 
  i grabbed as many reds as i could and killed the hunters off one by one, 
  that sounds like an interesting but horrible idea . 
  btw , do i need to know what happens in the first nier ? 
  super best friends are playing through it so i might watch that to prepare, 
  i recently played finished black ops 3 . 
  the hacking powers are basically the same things that you had in syndicate, 
  jason `` awesome guy with cane '' vandenberghe . 
  yeah , he was super excited every time he showed us the game . 
   there are some incorrect things said in the playthrough, 
  the whole channel is a bunch of incorrect things , but that 's why we love them . 
  i 'm also reading this for drakengard and it 's pretty entertaining, 
  i love references to other songs, 
  what i 'd like is something along the lines of `` wait ... * who * are you ? '', 
  `` i 'm abe . '', 
  `` huh ... alright then . '', 
  matchmaking is bad . 
  often scrubslords are matched against absolute monsters, 
  i think it could work as a stand . 
  i 'm only watching the animu so from what i 've seen it could work . 
  we had a miniature army and a ship . 
  why not a space fleet ? 
  did enderal fuck up my skyrim ? 
  i uninstalled it because i did n't like it , but now the menu is pure pink and crashes . 
  and when i uninstalled i saw that there were some leftover files . 
  i 'll never do anything again , except for titty mods . 
  welp , too late . 
  already redownloading the game, 
  my pc almost got bricked with the au . 
  i 'll get it maybe after 6 months pass , so it 's safe . 
  they and nvidia became so fucking awful, 
  who ? 
  say hi to your ancestors for me , reb . 
  i left my humanity behind so i like to go there and laugh at them, 
  it 's one of my favorite combos . 
  but edgelords got ta edge ... the internet kinda ruined it, 
  i have n't look at at modmail in about 6 months . 
  it 's constantly orange it 's kind of annoying, 
  @evanadriascendancy ayy lmao how do you even function #syntheticsuperiority, 
  actually ... 
  the last federation has like a little scrolling strip at the bottom of the screen where the other races talk shit about each other all the time . 
  that 'd be a cool thing to have . 
  i like it the same way i like the dark knight rises opening . 
  ooooooh shit , dode, 
  20 bucks is 20 bucks, 
  i hope joe will dye his hair like crossfit jesus when it grows out, 
  you should check out some of their old streams . 
  [ balsamic vinegar pong ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fymdhdqun4o ) is one of the community favorites, 
  i think the perk should at least be on the first part of the food circle . 
  this game got r34 really fast,
