  it has sounds and everything . 
  it 's pretty neat . 
  vault hunters are cool guys and handsome jack is a huge charismatic dick . 
  that 's about it . 
  i 'm willing to forget about bible black , spoderman 3 , top ten 2k14 , god hand , patsona 4 and asura 's wrath if they do dmc4 . 
  * / u/nklhaxor writes down some notes *, 
  angel blade is the hypest hentai ever, 
  kissanime is super good, 
  hentaifoundry is pretty neat, 
  sounds like we 're definitely getting dmc 5 at some point . 
  and the possibilty of a lady spin-off ? 
  yes , please . 
  even if it was n't confirmed , it makes too much sense . 
  the question still is `` how ? 
  i think there 's codex torrent to unlock all of the stuff as well . 
  you can get some decent graphics cards now for cheap . 
  i was going to post about this too . 
  i love when games do this . 
  it 's so rare though ... mostly it 's just pre-rendered garbage and that 's super immersion breaking for me . 
  dmc had also this problem . 
  most of the cuscenes were in engine but there were a few pre-rendered ones . 
  after ffxv and after devs get the hang of this current gen of consoles we might get something that plays like an old super hype ff cutscene . 
  europe server here . 
  i never got booted but after the update i get lags every few moments . 
  my fellow americans , big black shit post, 
  a venom game might be cool . 
  he 's not a girl or a hero but still ... 
  i like venom . 
  inside the dome , next to the desk where vaugh is sitting . 
  that sounds so weird to me right now . 
  but you 're the master of funk ... right ? 
  there is no war . 
  it 's chie . 
  i do n't believr u, 
  * sigh * jeez , guy . 
  i was worried there for a second . 
  yes it is !, 
  i 'm pushing this new mymy for summerslam, 
  lelouch won / r/anime 's best guy award . 
  so that means i have good taste . 
  hmm ... 
  haha . 
  pls no, 
  light was my star of the show . 
  so i enjoyed every episode . 
  no , you 're wrong !, 
  sounds like it 'll have a payday 2 element to it . 
  looking forward to it . 
  absolution was a bit meh . 
  stare at the fire all night and you 'll find your answer . 
  rip in stealth, 
  that simply is n't happening . 
  looked like a big dumb bug to me ... 
  tg is worth reading . 
  they kinda fucked up the anime . 
  plaguecast asmr edition . 
  pls no, 
  we doin ' this again ? 
  cuz i 'm down for doing this again . 
  can i eat metal and electronic to get celldweller ? 
  and how would you describe that feeling ? 
  he drank them to keep his gainz, 
  he 's basically asian aleks, 
  hey friends , did you know that the protagonist of the japanese manga * `` shamo '' * gets raped by another prisoner ? 
  edit : i apologize , my friends . 
  he actually bit a dick off . 
  the dick got sewn back on later though . 
  week of boruto, 
  just because it 's johnny cash does n't mean it 's gon na be red dead mass effect, 
  \\  becoming, 
  holy smokes , friends . 
  what is this about ? 
  they say it tastes really good . 
  this sounds like an actual real true story . 
  what do you think , friends ? 
  that would explain the rage comic memes, 
  i think when you live stream on yt you can post it as a video after the stream 's over . 
  ah , yes ... the dark ages, 
  your * computer * chair . 
  only ur computer cher will be spooked, 
  yep . 
  i 'm born too late to explore the earth , born too ... bleh ... you know what i mean, 
  this album is amazing . 
  i love every song on it . 
  there is n't even * that one song * . 
  you alright ? 
  you sound like cthulhu, 
  i thought that was darth revan, 
  if i remember correctly ... it 's about boobs . 
  literally . 
  whenever i look at decision polls i get salty . 
  the new search page is terrible . 
  they always nag me when i enter whiterun . 
  '' * you there . 
  we 're looking for nag nag nag curved swords nag nag nag * '', 
  that 's some quality shit right there, 
  watch it !, 
  it 's literally the hypest, 
  i like celldweller when i play mass effect, 
  people from that sub say the same thing about this sub .
