  there 's nothing else to do . 
  i hate sports and i do n't really need to work out . 
  i get really angry when people tell me to do stuff , so work is n't something i 'd like at all . 
  there 's nobody to talk to ... 
  i just do n't like talking to people . 
  i only eat when i 'm hungry and my sleep schedule is all fucked ( sleep at 3am wake up at 1pm ) . 
  but that 's the thing . 
  i do n't care about * life * . 
  i 'm not suicidal or anything . 
  yeah i know about the sun thing . 
  i have sensitive eyes , so f.lux and curtains all day every day . 
  i live in a rural area where everyone knows each other . 
  so walking around with no purpose would look weird . 
  my social anxiety would not like that . 
  i know that it 's just my brain playing with me but i 'd rather not . 
  i 'll do push ups and stuff like that tho . 
  i could n't stand a boss . 
  and my goals are pretty much impossible . 
  rich and immortal . 
  it 's weird but ... that 's how it is . 
  and i did n't think about the people i went to school with for a long time . 
  i hated most of them but even the * friends * did n't understand . 
  feels like no one does . 
   you find games and like talking to people , by your own admission , so what makes doing those things outside of games/pc/phone so much less inviting ? 
  why would i go out and talk to other people if i gain nothing from it ? 
  i do n't even like talking to them . 
  i have nothing to talk about with them . 
  conversations always come to an awkward halt even when i talk to people who play games . 
  as you said , it 's x-opathic behavior but ... 
  i ca n't and i would n't want to change that . 
  i said `` i 'm playing video games ... 
  i 'm not snorting coke ! '', 
  she said it 's the same thing . 
  ok , cool . 
  she put on a show about some addict that recovered and went back to live with his family snd do stuff on the farm . 
  no words . 
  i do n't know about confidence . 
  i 'm arrogant but i have little confidence . 
  it 's like `` i do n't know what you expect me to do . 
  your job , so you do it . '', 
  i do n't like the people and the sports here . 
  i 'm also fucking terrible at speaking my native language ( serbian ) so that 's not helping . 
  tripping all over my sentences . 
  i 'm not ugly but i do n't have social skills . 
  and the girls here are n't really my type . 
  there are no real geeks here . 
  the closest thing to that are 2 idiots that are going through puberty . 
  i wish i was born somewhere nice . 
  or not at all ... whatever . 
  they know what we want . 
  * will * they give us more juicy vergilness tho ? 
  protect the elevator ? 
  i find your lack of diamo disturbing . 
  like pat with puzzle games . 
  the puzzle appears and his brain dies `` ahhhhhh ... uhhh ooooooohhhhh noooo ... '', 
  do n't talk about the porno he did tho, 
  `` this doctor has no honor '', 
  [ vildhjarta ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nffsi_ptp7y ) sounds like a dark fantasy in an endless forest . 
  and the clean part at 1:50 in traces is one of the best things i 've heard in a while . 
  this is the best, 
  i was circlejerking . 
  but it seems that my jerking has failed ... 
  oh , so `` influence '' is literally influence . 
  so i just do/tell my comps what they want to hear and then i can influence them with ds ? 
  ( wow that sounded kinda dumb . ), 
  i 'd rather have a run around the map and smash life support gimmick . 
  the creatures got like a full box of brink . 
  they glued them all to a wall . 
  the treeeesh man has trash taste, 
  i recently finished both of them . 
  ii left a wound in the force for me . 
  how * anime * is this anime ? 
  i 'm talking about tropes and stuff like that . 
  if we get mistralframe we might get to use 4 grakatas at once . 
  or many grakatas . 
  you 're supposed to twist your monitor, 
  when i walked around naked guards said `` that is one * big * hammer '', 
  the atomos progenitor, 
  or a stone ceiling . 
  holy shit, 
  i love when i find weird shit that sounds super good . 
  i remember doing that too . 
  two pillows in my case ( sandwich technique ) . 
  my mom was watching killer instinct ... so , yeah ... 
  being the loner that i am , i like it when someone is like that . 
  there was this big guy in high school , kind of a jerk . 
  we never talked . 
  he only listened to pop and rap stuff . 
  i listened to metalcore and celldweller mostly . 
  he came up to me , took my earbud and started listening to it . 
  i thought he was gon na go `` you 're nuts '' or something like that . 
  but he got into the rythm and started banging his head . 
  `` mmm ... good stuff , man '' . 
  i left out the part where he knocked down a door . 
  or when he tried to flirt with a teacher ( many times ) . 
  he probably thought that i was mentally challenged or something cuz i never talked with anyone . 
  i do n't understand panty shots . 
  it 's like a picture of bread . 
  like , why are you showing me this ? 
  am i supposed to get hungry/horny ?
