  no doubt about it , i 'd recognize that pozition anywhere, 
  did n't most of us ? 
  i listened to behemoth while i was a good little christian boy, 
  `` what now you piece of filth ? '', 
  that 'd be really useful for sadistic/masochistic chorus guys, 
  i 'll miss you talking about anime and games i did n't really care about , senpai, 
  yeah , same . 
  i liked the metalcore days and city of evil . 
  also that one black ops song, 
  like a nervous breakdown ? 
  same as every year : immortality , lots of money , make them suffer & vildhjarta albums, 
  you ca n't see the eyes of matt demon , until him come callin, 
  i have a good meme metabolism so i can do all that from my comfy room . 
  no fat or facial hair on me , fam . 
  i 'm a perfect memester, 
  you 're an social fucking construct, 
  holy fuck 32 pages, 
  edit : [ `` titties , or bazongas as they may be known colloquially , can sometimes be considered genitals because you can suck and fuck them . 
  women with larger breasts tend to be more confident because larger breasts are hot and it makes the woman feel good when people stare at them . 
  '' ] ( http://thoughtcatalog.com/nicole-mullen/2013/09/what-your-genitals-might-say-about-you/ ), 
  he might be bigger than pat , but he is not more powerful . 
  pat was hiding his power level this whole time along with his dong, 
  your sister is cool, 
  i think sleeping dogs was a true crime game at one point, 
  he sounds like he 's wrong . 
  big wrong, 
  is bikini bottom in america tho ? 
  do n't worry , it 's just a trick , i love bunny dumps, 
  are you a hot grill with a sausage ? 
  i might consider it, 
  ew feet . 
  blocked, 
  ok , good night, 
  he sandbagged himself super hard on the stream, 
  imagine if woolie killed oscar . 
  that 's still haunting aleks from cow chop, 
  this seems like a list for someone who has no idea what video games are, 
  \\  oh wow , this fatebinder is pretty cool !, 
  helped me out that one time . 
  \\  oh he 's rising against kyros ? 
  good for him !, 
  \\  oh , he 's going to be worse than kyros ? 
  is this a sonic fanfic ? 
  it 's also out on torrents for all you no-netflix-niggas, 
  r3 do n't be shit , please, 
  darke complex , the widow ep is pretty rough, 
  yeah , the ep is pretty cathartic . 
  point oblivion is a bit more stylish but still sadboi material, 
  as long as lelouch is cool again , i will look the other way . 
  liam is turning in his baneposting grave, 
  seriously , what the fuck is a bathmodad ? 
  [ this podcast ] ( http://shoutengine.com/cumtown/ep-19-rape-science-24028 ) has a great segment on time manipulation ethics that everyone should listen to . 
  it starts @ 30:29, 
  50 % gay, 
  yes . 
  why do you think we are still here ? 
  just to suffer ? 
  s3 's ending was so good and we want more . 
  yeah , like when you learn about an obscure word and next day it pops up somewhere, 
  * wipes elf-blood drenched axe *, 
  racist memes are just better in every way, 
  oh yeah , now that part 4 is over i can watch that lp because i 'll forget everything, 
  niig, 
  posted on kia and tia, 
  yeah , there 's other good episode names . 
  autism powers , sd tard , cum angels ... oh , and real hip hop, 
  i will reveal my ruse . 
  tricked into giving spez gold , therefore you support censorship and communaism . 
  vantablack if ur rich enuf, 
  heh , typical libtard , uses outdated nenes . 
  blocked, 
  god forbid they added an * optional feature *, 
  ew , sauce on scoob is gross how can you eat that stuff ? 
  abs  ass . 
  not that we ca n't have both , of course . 
  i do n't know about undertale but lis blows telltalegames out of the water , so you might wan na look into that, 
  \\  mods on kapper doing anything ever, 
  i play everything on the keyboard , even fighties, 
  well there we go . 
  that 's the definition of the devil, 
  i 've seen things not meant for mortal eyes and i 'll continue pursuing more . 
  the thirst must be satiated , the secrets taken to the grave, 
  those are pretty terrible . 
  wan na know the worst serbian word ? 
  say the ch like check and mar like march . 
  it 's the non naughty word for anus but gross, 
  maybe we should change the lingua franca of jtd to japanese ? 
  think about it . 
  it sounds great , it 's the best lanuage, 
  i do n't doubt that but i separate artists from the art, 
  there 's some vanilla shit i find disgusting , like feet . 
  and shit . 
  that 's fine . 
  how about a combo ? 
  a pile of syringes filled with slave syrup ? 
  it 's all downhill from there and i 'm only 18 and a half years old !, 
  please do n't shitpost so loudly , i 'm eating here . 
  i might have to alert the commissars, 
  there are no particles left of that horse, 
  [ there 's a surprisingly good mod for skyrim actually ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/24543/ ? ),
