i hope he is not from uk because that will get you two years in prison there . 
  totally unrelated but i have to ask , wtf is with your cherry chocolate cordials ? 
  cherries still have pits in them !, 
  they can read subtitles . 
  tell me about it , [ i once saw this on tv . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_0bqo1gzf8 ) star wars are ruined forever . 
  i heard the reason dubbing is so prevalent in some countries is because they have strong syndicates of voice actors who do n't want lose their jobs . 
  they are not just website . 
  they co-produce most of european movies , and some award winning us movies . 
  if you never heard about canal + than you do n't watch many movies . 
  portugal . 
  people are chill but friendly , and not stuck up like in the most of western europe . 
  yeah , it 's in serbian nationalists guidebook : `` thou must hate croats , muslims , and especially hate to read ad write serbian language '', 
  more like pr stunt . 
  all 5 products ? 
  that will show them . 
  retards pretending kosovo is still part of serbia and making important political decisions based on that . 
  did n't committed any genocide ... yet . 
  police there is more concerned to not look racist than to do its job . 
  remember the muslim pedophiles ring that raped like 50 girls for months and police did n't want to investigate for fear of being labeled racist ? 
  i 'm on mobile but i 'm sure you can find it easy . 
  edit : here is the article http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/crime/9253250/rochdale-grooming-trial-police-accused-of-failing-to-investigate-paedophile-gang-for-fear-of-appearing-racist.html, 
  this kind of money gets you what , half of b2 bomber ? 
  privileged ? 
  o please fuck off . 
  do you have any idea what was happening in balkans during 90s ? 
  or to my grandfathers generation the in the 40s during wwii ? 
  or for five fucking centuries from 14 to 19th century during ottoman occupation ? 
  it was nationality instead of skin color , but horrible things were very real and systematic . 
  the world is not us and being white does n't magically protect you from ethnic cleansing , systematic rape , torture and death camps that millions of * white * people suffered in the hearth of europe, 
  i 'm graphic designer . 
  no i spent a lot of time doing exactly the opposite because i want my prospective employers or clients to easily find me and my work . 
  just like millions of other white people from balkan i have seen and felt more hate , violence , poverty , war and destruction than you can imagine . 
  please do tell me more about my privilege . 
  same sex relationships are sin ... unless a priest is fucking a bunch of little boys . 
  [ that shit earns you a fucking medal here . 
  tip : never put shadow on black text . 
  i see it as protection from weather conditions with extra layer of paint . 
  i stopped torrenting and started streaming when my old hard disk got full around 5 years ago . 
  i like how the whole city looks like there has been some kind of apocalypse and the nature has taken over everything . 
  i mean that in a good way , i have never seen so many plants on balcony 's . 
  how is life generally in kosovo now ? 
  is it better after independence ? 
  i guess it suck to still need visa for traveling but other than that is anything changing for the better since getting independence ? 
   serbia  progress lol, 
  it 's like a sport here . 
  same sex marriage is legal but abortion is not ? 
  man those are delicious !, 
  i got my pothead friend from france a bunch of them on my way back from portugal , the look on his face was priceless - pure joy . 
  when you get arrested you get put into investigative prison until your trial . 
  serbia . 
  i 've been to portugal this simmer and prices are similar . 
  rent is a bit more expensive in lisboa than in belgrade but coffee and beer is a bit cheaper so it evens out  you can find similar prices in other non-eu balkan states . 
  honey schnaps with mdma . 
  nokia was incredible until someone decided to fire all their ui and ux designers with above double digit iq . 
  i hope this guys make it . 
  i did a motorcycle tour belgrade to istanbul and back one year ago , and this year i did road trip belgrade to lisbon and back . 
  * balkan countries are definitely cheapest and everything gets more expensive as you go west or east from there ( with exception of portugal ) . 
  but you being from norway will probably think everything is cheap everywhere . 
  * as long as you are not being stupid there is no real danger . 
  we spent few days at `` notorious '' marseille and could n't get why it has so bad reputation , its a very nice place . 
  * prepare a lot of small bills and coins for road tolls in france , the have tolls like every 100m or so . 
  * buy road food and drinks at supermarkets before you go , not at the gas stations , its much cheaper and selection is much better . 
  * when you stop at a gas station do everything at once : get gas , everyone goes to toilet and gets coffee . 
  no need for stopping 3 times . 
  * turkey is kind of a special place , be prepare to bargain for everything because in a lot of shops there is no price tags and cashier just decides how much he think you should pay . 
  also i am not sure how far east is safe to go in turkey , ask around before you do . 
  they will probably block much more than that soon . 
  wtf is going on in england lately ? 
  are they preparing for marshal law or something ? 
  reminds me too much of my elementary school . 
  lifting the visas few years ago was the single best thing that happened to serbia in recent history . 
  why is there 50 serbian dinars on table if this is about ukraine ? 
  probably because snorting with 50 dinar bill is the lowest you can go . 
  cool maps but bear in serbian is medved ( without j ) . 
  i used firefox until i started having problems with flash video and res . 
  switched to chrome because it works like it should . 
  lol . 
  when you live in serbia this sounds like first world problems . 
  should have included balkans . 
  serbia topped all countries in the world with 2,861 cigarettes smoked per capita . 
  they defeated fellow balkan countries bulgaria ( # 2 -- 2,822 ) and greece ( # 3 2,795 ) . 
  i would say around 50 % of people i know have guns at home . 
  i have shoot different guns and rifles , some at shooting range some at countryside . 
  had few gun pointed at me by people that im pretty sure are n't a police but are definitely some kind of authority . 
  if you have read the short article you would know it 's just a clickbait , they are there to build the fence . 
  with tourists agencies you do n't even get curtesy spit on your ass before being fucked by sandy dick . 
  try to not get cap-o-jeban u dupe . 
  we use 2 alphabets just to fuck with foreigners . 
  so you are saying this couple were cunts ? 
  add some night watch just in case . 
  right ... 
  recent ? 
  serbia has been in conflict with muslims for half a millennium . 
  but that does n't mean people ca n't relate to another person . 
  la haine has a cult status in belgrade , [ here is an interesting vice article about it . 
  ] ( https://www.vice.com/en_uk/read/hanging-out-with-belgrades-la-haine-obsessives-322 ), 
  lol , have you been to egypt ? 
  it 's because * preko * means over and * sutra * is tomorrow so * preko-sutra * means over , on top of tomorrow . 
  because we live in fucking mordor .
