  we know you 're good at making weapons - get to work !, 
   i understand that germany 's in a special situation . 
  but seriously , the war was a long time ago . 
  step it up . 
  we spend a disproportionate amount on nato . 
  like i said before , nato is awesome and useful . 
  it would just be nice if everyone carried their burdens equally . 
  right . 
  i just hope we get some better leaders that can lower these budgets . 
  in that case , withdraw from nato . 
  no hard feelings , but you ca n't have it both ways . 
  either we are allies and pay an equitable share or we are not . 
  that 's fine , let 's maintain them . 
  let 's just all pay an equitable share for nato and not expect the us to come in unless something really , really major happens . 
  right , but that 's an interest that the eu should be taking care of itself . 
  it does not make sense that the average struggling us citizen should also worry about keeping europe safe . 
  right now what we need is not influence but a functioning society . 
  it feels like europe is able to create a much more gentle welfare state , partially on the backs of americans . 
  not hating , just saying how it is right now . 
  yes . 
  trump is their only candidate that suggests stopping all of our interventionist policies . 
  who knows what he would actually do though ... 
  yeah , what i would want to see as an american is funding for nato becoming more equitable . 
  i think right now we cover between 20-25 % of nato funding . 
  this seems hardly fair , when our citizens are living , on average , much worse than many nato nations . 
  nato is a great alliance . 
  just some equity would be nice . 
  it actually may happen under a trump presidency , though it 's very unlikely . 
  so ... can they pressure the us government to remove the base ? 
  it will happen but it needs time and for our economy to get screwed enough . 
  right , could you guys please start spending that 2 % while we try to get our people to decrease spending over here ? 
  as far as ukraine - yeah , of course . 
  i meant that the us has no interest in invading europe in response to something someone posted earlier . 
  as for afghanistan and iraq - right , these are exactly the kind of wars we want to avoid in the future ... 
  that seems like a huge amount ... 
  the thing is , we , the american people , really do n't want to spend all the money we spend on bases in places like germany . 
  it feels like we get ripped off when it comes to nato as well . 
  no one wants to invade europe , that 's just silly . 
  i just wish we would stop spending money on european defense since you guys have awesome nations that can easily defend themselves . 
  got it . 
  that may be . 
  okay , question , do you believe that putin is not corrupt ? 
  i am confused , are you suggesting that putin is not corrupt ? 
  just a quick google provides this great article by the navalny team that you could read about putin 's palace with google translate . 
  born in russia , 1982 . 
  russian-american . 
  these facts have been provided over and over again , to the point where citation is not necessary . 
  source : am russian . 
  i mean , not that long ago , europe was n't exactly `` european '' . 
  give russia 60 years , there 's hope yet . 
  fair . 
  still , i think one attack in 14 years in a country as big as ours is pretty impressive . 
  yep . 
  why is this reasonable statement being downvoted ? 
  i do n't really see afghanistan as a success . 
  american troops are still over there and will be for the foreseeable future . 
  all kinds of utterly fucked shit happens in that nation . 
  no , we 'll be bringing war on ourselves if we go to war . 
  sounds like someone wants to drop some freedom . 
  what difference is there if it 's called al qaida or isis ? 
  same shit , different name . 
  you destroy isis , something much bigger comes in its place . 
  honestly , i think because the civilians in isis occupied territory do n't deserve to be attacked with chemical weapons . 
  it 's not their fault that extremists have taken over their land . 
  they 're just people trying to get by . 
  that 's why literally millions of them are running away from those lands . 
  all fair points . 
  i think it 's important to realize though that americans as a population , really do believe that they are going to die for other nations . 
  when our soldiers go to fight in iraq or afghanistan , they really do believe that they will be fighting terror and helping the iraqi people who are oppressed . 
  their parents believe it too . 
  so do their neighbors . 
  large parts of our nation are not very educated . 
  but they 're well intentioned . 
  if americans really knew the kind of shit their government was upto , they 'd never allow it . 
  fortunately , people are getting wise . 
  if you think about it , it 's only since the vietnam war that any kind of protest against the war has been acceptable in america . 
  police . 
  i mean , not to jinx it , but the us has n't had a terrorist attack since 9/11 . 
  i think that 's largely because of the police/intelligence services . 
  crank massive amounts of money in that direction . 
  as the world develops economically ( something it has been doing for a long time now ) , radical islam will lose its appeal . 
  is it not possible to help them not be disaffected ? 
  this . 
  i do n't think this is an achievable balance . 
  it 's not a good idea to try to achieve any delicate balance in war because war is never delicate nor balanced . 
  from what you 're saying , we drove peasants into the arms of communists . 
  essentially , we radicalized them . 
  i 've heard this from interviews with viet cong . 
  people do n't give a fuck . 
  you can not break them with fear . 
  some will break down , sure . 
  but others will just go insane and terrorize you all the more . 
  golden recipe for more terrorists , if you ask me . 
  thanks for the info . 
  but the cost of the iraq and afgan wars in the us was around 5 trillion dollars . 
  30 billion is nothing . 
  how exactly will one million soldiers destroying the shit out of everything change their values ? 
  did we change any values in iraq/afghanistan ? 
  or the gold . 
  this is wrong .
