  german and japanese societies were very different than middle eastern societies . 
  there were n't sectarian groups . 
  me societies are divided into countless sectarian groups . 
  do not think that we can just fix everyone 's woes in the middle east . 
  ironically , i think that 's what muhammad was trying to do back in the day . 
  and it largely failed . 
  yeah , but this is not all muslims doing this . 
  it 's a tiny minority . 
  if we reject the majority , they are much more likely to join this tiny minority . 
  because there 's nowhere else to go . 
  question : why ca n't france integrate future generations ? 
  it seems to be working fine over here in the us . 
  but it took a while to work it out . 
  these days , muslim-americans are some of the most productive members of our society . 
  and there 's still a long way to go , but it seems to be going in a very good direction . 
  as has been said before , this is what they want . 
  we attack their civilians - their organization grows . 
  to be traumatized by war and to accidentally kill all kinds of civilians because modern weapons do that always . 
  this . 
  i got ta ' say , that 's true . 
  everywhere this has been done , it 's brought problems . 
  not trying to play dumb here , i actually do n't know how effective it was . 
  i just see the result - we lost , they won . 
  over a million people dead . 
  for what ? 
  i think the west likes to beat itself up for its timidness . 
  europe probably more so than others . 
  fuck that . 
  europe is n't timid , it 's wise . 
  that 's why it has the best society on earth . 
  do n't let isis assholes ruin that . 
  isis is so incredibly stupid to declare war on almost all holders of power . 
  it would be nice if this could bring russia and the west together , although , to be fair , that did n't work so well post wwii . 
  i 'd like to caveat that a bit . 
  yes , if this is thought through very carefully , we will drop some freedom . 
  and we will always stand behind france . 
  but holy shit , we 've been at war for fourteen years straight and it 's done nothing except for create chaos and terror . 
  maybe there are some other ways we could dispense this `` freedom '' of ours ... 
  yes , thank you . 
  please forward this message to your politicians . 
  fuck face right now . 
  if nato goes to war , it can not be against russia/assad . 
  yeah . 
  that feels very unfair . 
  our people do n't have decent health care or affordable education ( our own fault , to be fair ) , but for some reason we need to police the world ? 
  again , very happy to help france in a time of need just like they 've helped us before , but we should all be spending equally on the military . 
  the us less , other nato members more . 
  with all respect to the roman and british armies , the current capabilities of the us military are much greater since there 's all kinds of new technology . 
  so how well did carpet-bombing work out in nam ? 
  who was the victor ? 
  putting massive groups of people in concentration camps and carpet bombing them is the exact way to make isis stronger and radicalize vast swaths of muslims . 
  literally this . 
  yeah . 
  we just need to be wary because conservative politicians will definitely use this as an excuse to limit personal freedoms . 
  and the people will gladly give those freedoms up in exchange for a sense of greater safety . 
  damn . 
  the french would probably make it all nice , with croissants everywhere . . 
  how long would you be willing for french boots to be on that ground ? 
  because , 14 years later , american troops are still in afghanistan and iraq . 
  that 's what happens when you go fight in the me . 
  ( source : am american ) . 
  way to keep calm , netherlands . 
  i think we need to see these people as criminals . 
  there were 665 murders in france in 2012 according to wiki . 
  now here is a very large scale crime . 
  it 's awful , but that 's all it is , a large scale crime . 
  so , there 's this huge network of criminals infiltrating the nation . 
  invest a massive amount of money into fighting the crime . 
  do n't invest the trillions of euro that war costs . 
  right , exactly . 
  and how many of their civilians ? 
  the iraq war cost between 100,000 and 1,000,000 lives ( no one is sure quite how many ) and fixed nothing . 
  this would be playing right into the plans of the extremists . 
  and saying that islam = fascism is really extreme . 
  i think losing your citizenship for extreme treason is reasonable . 
  this is a false comparison . 
  in the 30 's we were dealing with a country . 
  here we have an ideology . 
  it 's fine attacking isis , if there 's no other choice , but let 's not pretend that this is the same situation as wwii . 
  got ta ' say , it 's a little bit disheartening to see so many europeans clamoring for war . 
  ( american here . 
  from russia originally . ), 
  i remember the day that the world trade center fell . 
  i was close by , just across the river in new jersey , and saw the smoking buildings . 
  my mom worked by the pentagon and i was scared for her and for one of my closest friends who lived close to the towers . 
  then we went to war . 
  and it seemed like the right thing to do . 
  of course , there were eagles everywhere holding arrows , war drums a-beating , patriotism , ra-ra-ra - you know how we do here in the us of a. 
  we attacked iraq . 
  i was educated and liberal , but i believed what the politicians said about the importance of defeating saddam hussein . 
  i mean , he was obviously evil . 
  and we were fighting terrorism . 
  all these words made so much sense in those days . 
  it was almost exciting - here was history in the making . 
  hell , not almost . 
  it was exciting . 
  we we were going to go and kick ass and never be attacked again . 
  well , fast-forward fourteen years and we have the attack on paris . 
  an attack on france , our first and oldest ally . 
  and , as you know , we are partially to blame .
