we drink a shit ton of coffee tough, 
  i heard paris amells like piss because nobody bothers srarching for toilets when out they just find the nearest bush, 
  i welcome you with open arms we finns and brits are a little batshit crazy so you woulfd fit right in, 
  that is a different kind of knife fighting , if you know what i mean, 
  they are afraid of nudity, 
  ive never seen a finn carrying a knife only romanians, 
  got ta keep them bloodthirsty reindeers at bay, 
  hah silly gooses everybody knows finland does not exist, 
  we were never viking slaves . 
  we were more of a trade partner to the viking tribes, 
  fuck sweden and what it stands for, 
  is that why there is no school tomorrow ? 
  i didnt think it was for something relevant i am just happy to have a day off, 
  dont you mean swedistan ? 
  sweden is no more , its swedistan now, 
  my brother was deployed in kosovo several times, 
  9gag really ? 
  it forces me to download the app so i can see the pics, 
  i miss him :(, 
  you are ignorant, 
  you are not racist you are one of the most sane persons in the world , i cant get it how these people are let into europe . 
  you are young abled men for fucks sake if you want change fight back dont flee from your problems !, 
  we do not talk because we are always dueling with our psychic powers, 
  record heat in finland not the entire world dummy, 
  uuh , there was a monster truck accident and uuh , some record heat i guess, 
  those wheels can do some serious damage, 
  wouldnt work in finland because on of our isp is named dna, 
  i think they stopped importing all food product from finland not 100 % sure , there was atleast a surge of russians buying all the stores empty by the finnish side of the border, 
  where the hell does these fuckers get motherfucking hand granades ? 
  hang their soul ? 
  hanged by the neck until dead, 
  but in this case it was made to cater to islamists, 
  good thing i moved away from sweden . 
  the multicultural thing is getting out of hand, 
  circus finlandia is starting soon here in oulu other than that pretty much nothing because school starts in about a week, 
  oi we are not addicted to vodka * hides 5 litre vodka bottle * i 've been clean for 3 days now , thats a record, 
  the private school i went to here in finland had linux on all computers ( this was about 2003-2008 ) we were taught basic animation and programming on them and we also played that pinguin game when we had free time, 
  umm ... hi , i brought cookies, 
  hey if our pres wants to learn about flowers who am i to judge, 
  yes . 
  i know litterally nothing of croatia . 
  so it is like a mini russia ? 
  you are right that population = equality but polititians gods on earth ? 
  dont make me laugh, 
  and what does corruption have to do with equality ? 
  every country will have some corrupt assholes from time to time, 
  i do not know what you find funny, 
  i would live to go to austalia but i am deathly afraid of bugs ( im a dude ) and those big mutherfuckers down there freak me out, 
  shh we are slowly converting to / r/ididnazithatcoming join us or bugger of edit : holy crap , that is an actual subreddit, 
  thats only to swedish as almost every finnish city also has a swedish name like oulu is ule\u00e5borg, 
  gummi eggs is the shit , i dont know about that brand but candyking makes superb gummi eggs, 
  you have now pissed off 102 % of finland, 
  it saunds like a drunk saame shaman chanting, 
  do n't worry iceland , i still like you, 
  yes or an microwave, 
  nazis atleast have some decency and restraint, 
  shit id rather take nazis anyday over these savages, 
  no , fuck them !, 
  i hope our government has balls to say no the these people unlike the pussies down south, 
  first time watching hpc , didnt know they were finnish . 
  thats what im gon na do, 
  well that atleast is a safer bet . 
  i didnt actually want to go to torinranta but my friends are forcing me to socialize, 
  it might also be vappu and die . 
  i certainly have a high chance of dying today, 
  til im considered blond in some countries, 
  wait . 
  did something happen ? 
  my dad has 2 saunas 1 he uses in the summer the other for winter, 
  i would have loved to go but i couldnt due to my mental `` stability '' . 
  altough i am in the reserve if anything would happen, 
  i cant put my tounge on it but i know that place , maybe talvikangas ? 
  right now its like -20 in sy\u00f6te , so good skiing weather, 
  its usually a t-shirt a sweater and a jacket for the upper body and boxer , longjohns and jeans for the lower body, 
  ah okay , i was a bit confused because my brother is gay and married, 
  what does the other type of partnership mean ? 
  we had snow yesturday here in oulu but it melted today, 
  nope , the lights on my car suddenly died at the wrong time wrong place . 
  i hated that car . 
  typical peugot, 
  i know that guy , he gave me a fine once . 
  nice guy, 
  i dont know if were even talking about the same school anymore . 
  oh well , more for me, 
  nope she has never eaten her own vommit, 
  youre lying about the praying thing , it never was like that, 
  when was that i went to the same school 03-08, 
  my whole family loves salmiakki and even my dog loves it, 
  what do you mean ? 
  i love salmiakki and always has, 
  natural born talent , i dont know any finns that hate salmiakki, 
  you would fit right in , almost everyone here in finland is quiet except when drunk, 
  wat , i live in oulu and have never experienced that . 
  wich school did you go to ? 
  already won before it even started , yeaah high five !, 
  ( seriously tough , i have no idea what these are supposed to be ), 
  my phones camera is broken so i couldnt take a photo , i will take my camera with me next time im in the centrum and see if i spot new ones, 
  if only i could make this up, 
  i saw them in torinranta and rotuaari, 
  and that sticker is going to do anything ?
