yes , definitely worth seeing , especially festung k\u00f6nigstein . 
  ukraine may not be on the same level as the rest of europe developement-wise , but they are still far ahead of countries like iraq or vietnam . 
  yeah , as an american who lived in europe , and therefore thinks of beers from a german perspective ( divided into helles , dunkel , pils , hefeweizen usw ) i do n't really understand the beer scene here . 
  there does n't seem to be much of a middle ground between stuff like miller/bud/coors and ultra-obscure hipster craft brews . 
  well , maybe things would be different if russia were n't basically blatantly lying about their involvement in this conflict . 
  their media cooks up any excuse possible to try to convince the world that things that are obviously happening are n't , or are somehow to be pinned on ` the west ' , or obama . 
  the funny thing is , these lies are really flimsy to anyone not brainwashed by the russian propaganda machine . 
  that is awesome !, 
  i like that slovenia also decided to create a 3 $ coin too . 
  it 's a nice design , too bad they could n't have gone the route of having three designs like germany does though . 
  how about ` menschsein ' ? 
  just like last time !, 
  right guys ? 
  yeah , i did edit my post saying i think he has a point ( i guess i should have specified ) . 
  berkut are still without excuse . 
  i would n't say it 's completely objective ... 
  it works too hard to paint the berkut as nonpolitical normal men ` just following orders ' . 
  after the recent passage of these draconian laws , anyone ` just following orders ' has picked a side . 
  edit : actually , it 's not so bad i guess . 
  it 's written as juxtaposition with [ this ] ( http://zyalt.livejournal.com/984735.html ) very well written and photographed report on the nuances of the recent events . 
  with that in mind , i think the author has a point . 
  interesting , there 's a spot in eastern libya that actually gets darker . 
  who sets their country as `` schengen area '' in an eu subreddit ? 
  i might as well just go with `` north america '' or `` new world '' . 
  i just spent a few confused seconds trying to figure out what ` politic sun banned ' meant . 
  now i get it . 
  american here . 
  i lived in brandenburg ( bei berlin ) for 5 months , berlin ( bei potsdam , no joke ) for 5 months , for a month in bamberg , and a month in garmisch-partenkirchen . 
  obligatory tourist-y stuff first : \u2022 th\u00fcringen is a cool place to vacation in fall . 
  eisenach , weimar , jena , erfurt , etc so much history , and cool hills and forest to go wandern in . 
  \u2022 sachsen is also cool . 
  i 've been to dresden twice , and hiking in nearby s\u00e4chsische schweiz and around festung k\u00f6nigstein in pirna is really seriously cool . 
  \u2022 k\u00f6ln / bonn/d \u00fcsseldorf is also worth visiting . 
  hell , all of germany is worth visiting , but the * ruhrgebiet * is germany 's biggest industrial and populated area . 
  \u2022 bamberg and n\u00fcrnberg are two of my favorites . 
  the frankische people ca n't speak german properly , but the amount of culture is amazing . 
  too bad the reichsparteitagsgel\u00e4nde were filled with drunk british football fans when i was there . 
  \u2022 i sadly ca n't speak for hamburg , bremen , or m\u00fcnchen , i 've never been to the first two , and m\u00fcnchen i 've simply driven through twice . 
  observations from having lived in de for about a year : \u2022 die deutsche sprache ist verdammt schwierig . 
  \u2022 the beer is amazing . 
  my favorites are schlenkerla rauchbier , and weihenstephan helles . 
  bayern/franken are the places to be for beer . 
  \u2022 waking up each morning and getting out of your tent to see the zugspitze is one of the awesomest ways to start the morning ever . 
  \u2022 berlin sucks in winter ... but - \u2022 i consider berlin/brandenburg my second home , there is so much to see and do there , standard of living is very high , everything is very cheap for a big european city , the locals are not unfriendly ( this is germany we 're talking about after all ) and the public transport is excellent . 
  unless you get kontrolliert because it 's your last day in berlin , and your sch\u00fcler monatsfahrkarte just ran out , so you bought an abc tageskarte , but little did you know it was only the monatskarten that cover fahrr\u00e4der , and you needed to have a special fahrkarte for your fahrrad , and now you 're in the hole for 40 $ . 
  ironically they never got me when i rode black . 
  anyway , on the plus side , there are no open container laws , lots of clubbing year round , and plenty of open air festivals , and biergartens and cafes to visit when the weather is nice ( spring/summer ) . 
  unter den linden , and mitte in general are nice when its not a baustelle , charlottenburg is nice , wannsee is great ( i 'm partial to kohlhasenbr\u00fcck , lived there for a year ) , i went to school in pankow , so shout out there , yeah berlin is seriously the best city out there . 
  potsdam is also really nice to go jogging/biking in , it 's honestly the nicest surburb of berlin ( f\u00fcr die deutsche die das gerade gelesen haben , ich wei\u00df schon da\u00df potsdam die landeshauptstadt von brandenburg ist , das war halt ein witz ) aside from the snark , germany , and berlin , are the best . 
  damn . 
  writing all of this down makes me want to go back so badly . 
  just not during winter . 
  edit : hey ho hertha bsc !, 
  it 's cheap if you 're wealthy . 
  haha , 2:50 is the best part . 
  if you go to germany , do n't be surprised if you get horribly depressed come winter . 
  there is somthing about all the greyness from november to april that just kills the spirit . 
  i imagine the same is true for northern europe , ie france , and the uk as well as the baltics and northern poland and belarus . 
  the worst would probably be denmark , sweden , norway , finland and russia . 
  in my part of america ( maryland ) the winters are shorter , sunnier , and not quite as grey . 
  seeing as you 're portuguese , you 're probably used to the same . 
  if weather does n't get you down , homesickness , and language problems ( aside from english - you seem to have native-level english ) , might , as well as all the small changes , and being in a foreign enviroment 24/7 . 
  despite all of that , go for it !, 
  i do n't want to in any way discourage you , just give an idea of what to prepare for . 
  i was about to post about outrageous it is , but i decided to do some googling first , to see what one would see if they wanted to visit salzburg . 
  there seem to be two tourist sites , one with the new logo , one with the old : http://www.salzburg.info/en/ http://www.salzburg-umgebung.com/englisch/home.htm the non tourist , official city website ( mainly for austrians rather than foreigners ) has a nice modern logo with a wappen in it : http://www.stadt-salzburg.at/ finally , there appears to be a website for the * land * salzburg , which does have the ` new ' logo at the bottom , but shows yet another attractive , albeit rather conservative logo for the land at the top . 
  http://www.salzburg.gv.at/en/en-index who knows how much they payed for all of those , but by and large , salzburg appears to actually have it together in the logo department . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  really , the only point that i 've been maintaining , is that germany is not realistically in the place where the bundeswehr could simply replace american garrisons and installations , and take over manning ` fortress europe , ' so to speak . 
  which represent the vast majority of foreign bases still operating ... 
  ok , perhaps their spending is going to begin to grow gradually , but only to cover very serious shortcomings that drastically effect their operational capacity , even as the bundeswehr works on shrinking the number of men and women in uniform from 250,000 down to 185,000 . 
  this is coming directly from the article you linked . 
  what i was trying to communicate with my post above by saying that  germany would rather not increase their military budget is that , thanks to the prevalent post-ww2 mindset there , rather large segments of the german population want nothing to do with the military whatsoever , and have zero support for any sort of increase in spending for it . 
  germany would rather not increase their military budget , and foreign militaries tend to be good for the local economy . 
  that being said , so-called ` force reduction ' of us troops has been going on in germany recently ; i lived in the small bavarian city of bamberg for a short period of time in 2013 , and since then the us military base has closed down . 
  to my understanding , a number of other bases have as well , albeit reconsolidated into larger installations . 
  since all of the former soviet bases have been closed ( perhaps a few turned over to the remainder of the nva that morphed into bundeswehr ) , the vast majority if not all foreign bases are in the former american sector , in southern and south-western germany . 
  i doubt the author meant that tanks can be seen on every landesstra\u00dfe , rather that in certain areas they are not uncommon . 
  where in germany did you live ? 
  there does n't seem to be an english translation unfortunately . 
  from what i 've found from a bit of web-crawling , it seems to also have been translated into swedish . 
  apparently it has also never been published in russian , presumedly because gelfand addresses soviet atrocities so bluntly and honestly . 
  gelfand 's diary from 1945-1946 has been translated and published in german . 
  the title is \u201e deutschland-tagebuch 1945-1946 : aufzeichnungen eines rotarmisten `` , and it 's quite a good look into the end of the war/beginning of the occupation in berlin . 
  it was actually one of first german-language books that i owned . 
  [ here , i have an extra tube in case you need it . 
   yes , but if things continue as they are , the ak-12 will start to be introduced as the standard assault rifle . 
  we do n't know that though . 
  the a-545 was simultaneously approved with the ak-12 , and could end up becoming more widely used . 
  also , for cost reasons , both weapons might not end up widely issued outside of a handful of units . 
  outside of video games , the ak-12 is only a newly-introduced contender to the ak-74m . 
  the ak-12 is * not * in any way , shape , or form , the weapon that the vast majority of rank-and-file enlisted carry . 
  it 's been approved for use , but only began operational trials this month . 
  the ak-74m is still the russian primary service weapon . 
  russia also does n't have millions of ak-47 's , they have millions of akm 's and akms 's , and their accuracy is absolutely sufficient for usual engagement range . 
  go hang out in wedding or neuk\u00f6ln around when they 're doing the call to prayer . 
  definitely feels like a turkish city . 
  yeah that 's my problem with hate speech laws ; who decides what is and what is n't protected speech ? 
  actually it probably is , the uk does not protect so-called `` hate speech '' as free speech . 
  i do n't buy into the whole ` l\u00fcgenpresse ' idea , i actually trust german media more than us media on most if not all things .
