  that said , i feel like less people would have voted afd if they did n't feel like the gov and media were so intent on minimalizing anyone who opposes taking in refugees . 
  people like you are the reason a constructive argument about immigration ca n't happen in germany . 
  the moment you see an opinion you disagree with , you tune it out . 
  as an american who has lived in germany prior to the ` fl\u00fcchtlingskrise ' i find the amount of bias shown by the state media and people like you to be a big part of the problem in today 's germany . 
  not everybody who disagrees with you is a nazi . 
  eu members states might cede some power , but not the basic self-determination of citizens to determine whether to resettle foreigners . 
  was it made by hungarians ? 
  if not , it violates hungary 's national sovereignty . 
  that 's the problem with supranational confederations . 
  also , you apparently need no qualifications . 
  i feel like germany has gone to the other extreme military-wise ; a century ago the military was essentially another political branch , today it 's desperately in need of a little prussian discipline/tradition . 
  ` richter ' also means ` judge ' in german . 
  i ca n't find a way to make it punnier though . 
  i 'm a huge fan of early bilingual education , would have loved to have started my l2 a decade earlier than i did . 
  still , do you ever worry that in a few decades , english will have eroded the national languages of europe due to how pervasive it is ? 
  just because someone is an ` asylkritiker ' does n't make them automatically wrong . 
  what is with that ? 
  pretty much all of the people selling stuff on the czech/german border seemed to be vietnamese , and did n't speak a word of english or german . 
  nah , that was two weeks ago when their dirty little diesel secret came out . 
  i call it czechia , and i 've seen increased engish-language usage . 
  i think bbc 's obituary is premature . 
  ukraine has sucessfully managed to get most people to stop calling it ` the ukraine ' as of the last few years . 
  most of the really outspokenly judgemental ones that i 've met in person were well-meaning , just liked to take the moral high ground . 
  now the ones i see commenting on facebook news stories ( spiegel online , s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung , etc ) ? 
  truly obnoxious besserwissers , the whole lot of them . 
  i agree , i think something does need to change in the us . 
  but i do n't really want to have the typical argument on gun control , because it 's been had countless times , and the two sides are pretty entrenched . 
  i am in favor of civilians being able to legally buy firearms in my country without having to prove to the government a need - we have the right to own guns , and the burden of proof is on the government when they want to suspend that right . 
  however , i do n't believe that firearm ownership is a fundamental human right just because it is currently a codified right in the us . 
  i believe the fundemental human right is self defense , which each country can decide to protect as they see fit ; germany does , as far as i know , have very strong laws protecting an individual 's right to defend themselves . 
  i would ( as many others have ) attribute this to the unique crime situation in many cities in the us . 
  gun control does not seem to be working or have worked there . 
  i 'm not against the idea of gun control in principle , to prevent the seriously mentally ill or criminals from obtaining firearms , but unfortunately most of the legislation tends to target so-called ` assault weapons ' meaning semi-automatic select fire rifles , which are used in a minisule number of gun crimes , and are regulated in a truly nonsensical manner . 
  unfortunately , much as the war on drugs has failed to end the movement of drugs into the states , a ban on firearms would simply precipitate a flood of illegal weapons from our southern border . 
  it 's a complicated problem , gun crime , and unfortunately the easiest seeming answer is not always the right one . 
  so it 's a mout site ... 
  civilians owning guns does n't start some sort of arms race , it just acts as a deterrent for criminals . 
  it 's for this reason that gun crime is highest in my country in areas with strict gun control - the criminals were n't going to obey the law anyway , so now the law has effectively left the common man defenseless . 
  i understand that with your cultural background you disagree , and i do respect that , just as i hope you 'll respect the swiss for bringing their own culture to the table when they make laws . 
  i trust you see the parallel here ? 
   goddamnit , can no one get this right for once . 
  it 's reactive , not reactionary . 
  okay , it was also reactive . 
  good point . 
  i meant reactionary insofar as strict gun laws limit self defense with a firearm to those wealthy or powerful enough to afford personal bodyguards . 
  `` the proles are too stupid/can ' t be trusted with guns '' seems to be the narrative pushed by an awful lot of politicans who have armed men protecting them . 
   are you a cultural relativist ? 
  absolutely . 
  i do n't believe in some sort of objectively perfect generic globalist sets of laws for the entire planet . 
  while i believe in ` inherent ' or ` natural ' rights that no government has the power to take away , beyond that each society must decide among themselves what they as a nation-state hold valuable , and what they views as the rights and obligations of their citizens . 
  in this case , germany is largely anti-weapon , and against the concept of an armed citizenry . 
  this is very much a reactive attitude to the destruction and loss of human life in both world wars , and rationally is perfectly understandable as the basis for the collective german mindset limiting private weapon possession . 
  switzerland sat both of those wars out however , and has a strong tradition of self-determination via direct democracy , and neutrality . 
  the concept of the citizen soldier is woven into that . 
  that too , is an understandable basis for allowing former servicemen to keep their weapons , and the more permissive swiss gun laws . 
  edit : edited for less snarky wordplay . 
  hmm is n't the dicussion about his country 's gun laws ? 
  i think maybe the swiss culture ought to be considered when making swiss laws , nicht wahr ? 
  look , i lived in germany for a year , and i 'd love to live there again , even permanently . 
  but there is this phenomenon of people on the social democratic left ( which is most of germany ) having this slightly condescending attitude that they `` have it all figured out '' after the collective experience of the ns-zeit and the ddr , and if anyone disagrees they 're just wrong . 
  man , talk about sour grapes . 
   that is upsetting . 
  but not surprising . 
  united russia has the state-controlled media firmly in their grasp . 
  the number of lada 1200 taxis still rolling around the streets of addis ababa is a testament to this . 
  sounds like the german fdp . 
  i think the afd initially drew a lot of members from them too when they formed a few years ago and were still just a euro-skeptic party and not the xenophobic far right party they are today . 
  it does n't use any more paper for ballot than is used in a newspaper , i 'd say giving people more choices is a positive thing , unlike the illusion of choice that happens in countries like mine . 
  there is no such thing as the ` european president . ', 
  there 's a president of the european council , but his powers are nowhere near that of , say , the president of the usa . 
  the ukrainian referendum was non-binding . 
  democracy is alive and well in europe . 
  should we pretend there are no problems ? 
  but i 've lived in germany , and compared to the states , or especially the country i 'm living in right now ( ethiopia ) , i 'd say democracy is nowhere as vibrant as in europe . 
  generalizing and insulting all of europe collectively says more about your intelligence and character than anybody else 's . 
  kaufman probably helped the nazis more than he hurt them with that book . 
  very convienent for their narative . 
  this 100 % . 
  i see enough clickbait from english-language news sources as it is . 
  no one in the world recognizes northern cyprus ( aside from turkey ) , yet i 'd imagine most northern cypriots feel themselves to be turkish . 
  you see my point ? 
  this is one of the best subreddits honestly , and i 'm american . 
  you can thank bugs bunny for that . 
  this is a thing in pretty much everywhere in the us too . 
  look up ` open container laws . ', 
  this would work better if we had more alternatives to taking a car everywhere . 
  unfortunately our infrastructure is built around ` car culture ' and public transport is either generally inferior or nonexistant . 
  i 'm hoping the next few decades of us infrastructure planning see a huge reformat of zoning laws and a bigger focus on making small towns walkable and bikable . 
  the us is home to a lot of suburban sprawl with endless low-density neighborhoods , and most smallish towns tend to have all of their businesses on a ` strip ' lining the main road , each shop sitting behind a sea of asphalt . 
  of course , the ` strip ' is generally only accessible by car ; there are no bike racks outside most businesses to accomodate cyclists , and bus systems outside of urban areas tend to be subpar . 
  there are a few notable exceptions , portland , oregon seems to have an excellent light rail that reaches into the suburbs , and is also very bike-friendly , but by and large the rest of the country just drives everywhere, 
  we really need to get rid of the existing system , even obamacare , and just switch to medicare for all . 
  having health insurance linked to employer is just stupid , makes it difficult for people to switch jobs easily for fear of losing their health insurance . 
  however , neither party will support this for stupid political reasons . 
  boy scouts still say it at troop meetings . 
  some good german leftist arbeiterlieder : ( notice distinctions in theme between the revolutionary anthems written in and before the spartakist revolution of 1918 and the unrest of the weimar republic in the '20s and '30s , contrasted with those songs of the * nachkriegszeit * or ` time after the war ' in the ddr which concerned themselves with legitimizing the sed and its mythos of the east german state . 
  additionally , some songs are translations , such as the `` internationale '' which was ** the ** worker 's anthem of the 20th century , or `` im januar um mitternacht '' - `` in january at midnight '' which took the tune and essentially with some modifications the lyrics from a first world war song , the `` argonnerwaldlied . '', 
  this is very common with political and military music ; `` dixie '' had a northern version in the american civil war , and `` marsch der legion condor '' or `` march of the condor legion '' became infamous as `` ss marschiert in feindesland '' - `` ss marches in enemy land '' and the tune is still sung today to different words by both the paratroopers of germany , and france 's foreign legion . ), 
  & nbsp ; [ `` die moorsoldaten '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aedbkk_btha ) , known as [ the peat bog soldiers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xavil7aoat0 ) in english was written in b\u00f6rgermoor , a labour camp in the early days of the third reich . 
  existing political songs were forbidden , so the inmates wrote a new one .
