  what effects do you believe increased corporation tax , higher rates of tax for higher income workers , and a distended minimum wage will have on our businesses . 
  will they benefit ? 
  you only have to look at france to see what happens when you raise taxes . 
  the socialists were elected , up went taxes , and et voil\u00e0 , tens of thousands of millionaires and business owners moved abroad . 
  those who will inevitably struggle to attract employees owing to the increased taxation . 
  several members of my family work in the city . 
  at least four of them will relocate to hong kong and singapore if they are made to part with a larger portion of their salaries . 
  several of their friends and colleagues have said the same . 
  there would obviously be an exodus of high earners and skilled workers if corbyn gained power . 
  partner this with brexit , and you 've got what i would refer to as a recipe for disaster . 
  edit : a lot of people seem to disagree with me . 
  i would be interested to know why . 
  you need a strong economy to fund those luxuries . 
  there 's a very real threat that some of our biggest taxpayers ( by that i mean businesses and employees ) could pick up and leave after a corbyn victory . 
  who would then fill the gap ? 
  corbyn would scupper the economy . 
  brexit has of course caused a great deal of uncertainty , so the last thing businesses will want to be faced with is a 7 % increase in corporation tax , and for their highest earning employees to face even greater taxation . 
  a labour britain would be a considerably less attractive place to do business . 
  i sound awfully ignorant , but i had no idea what the ribbon symbolised until i read this link . 
  i have seen quite a lot of them here in my county on cars registered in latvia and lithuania , particularly since the beginning of the year . 
  they will still have access to our market . 
  it 's certainly the most centrist conservative manifesto since the election of edward heath in 1970 . 
   someone has bet # 10,000 on labour . 
  i always wondered what labour voters spent their benefits on . 
  i must concede that i have n't laughed quite so much at a reddit upload in some time . 
  i wan na do what ever common law do, 
  [ the voice-14 / 03/2017 ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/the-voice-ratings-lowest-ever-quarter-finals_uk_58c80662e4b0598c6699c892 ) [ x factor-28 / 08/2016 ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/x-factor-ratings-viewing-figures-low_uk_57c2bd9ae4b035d5604f3c34 ) as far as i am concerned the eurovision contest is broadly the same as weekly ' x factor ' and ` the voice ' contests , although it incorporates elements of nationalism , which might add to its appeal for some and alter its dynamic slightly . 
  it 's not particularly special . 
  i think some people simultaneously turn their televisions on , and their brains off . 
  television networks have ` flooded the market ' with song contests , leading to falling viewer figures . 
  people are rejecting song contests and turning to alternate forms of entertainment . 
  i think people here in the uk are bored of televised song contests in general . 
  the bbc and itv inflict them on their audiences several times a year . 
  what about wales ? 
  i think you are wrong . 
  political figures within the united kingdom have warned that the european union could approach the brexit negotiations with the intention of punishing the united kingdom for withdrawing their membership . 
  they have not said that a deal in which we would n't be entitled to the benefits of european union membership without the obligations would be deemed as a punishment . 
  rather , they warn that the european union could deliberately ask for too much in return for too little , placing obstacles in the path of progression in the aim of securing only the most rudimentary trade deal conceivable . 
  you mention our tabloid press . 
  yes , they sensationalise brexit . 
  press on the continent do , as well . 
  i recently had to attend a conference in munich and whilst in my hotel room i watched some german news programs . 
  even deutsche welle , which i had been lead to believe was germany 's equivalent to the bbc , was broadcasting amusingly exaggerated brexit-related stories . 
  some of the interviews they conducted with pro-brexit uk conservative meps stopped just short personal attacks . 
  as for your last point , [ read for yourself ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5kqktr/dutch_woman_with_two_british_children_told_to/ ) . 
  several similar cases have been reported since we voted to leave the european union , each attracting comments which claim we 're being too heavy-handed . 
  i do not follow . 
  what ` ranting ' ? 
  what ` double standards ' ? 
  an agreement exists between the european union and turkey which grants turkish citizens working in european union nations privileged rights . 
  see [ this link ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/social/main.jsp?catid=470 ) for details . 
  at present you can only work for the civil service if you 're a : a ) citizen of the united kingdom b ) citizen of the commonwealth c ) citizen of roi or another eea member state d ) citizen of switzerland e ) citizen of turkey who has worked in the uk for four or more years . 
  exceptions are made occasionally made ( i.e. 
  an american citizen could become a uk civil servant ) if the individual is highly desirable or is in the process of becoming a uk citizen . 
  he owns several farms . 
  he 's a good employer , apparently . 
  he 's my next-door neighbour ( well , our land neighbours a beeswax-dyson farm ) . 
  glad to see he won his case . 
  if the european union plans to conduct ` transparent ' negotiations , means of communicating developments should be made in the form of official statements rather than unofficial leaks . 
  the european commission 's experiment with leaking traduced stories to the german press backfired massively last week , rallying voters around may in response to this undiplomatic and improper maneuvering . 
  i hope tusk and hammond 's calls for a more gentlemanly negotiation are listened to , as i really do n't wish for the united kingdom to be forced to respond like-for-like . 
  all 200 of them . 
  if we 're going to become ` global britain ' , we 're definitely going to need to throw ourselves open to trade across the world , meaning we 're going to need to learn languages we previously would never have considered bothering with a short while ago . 
  i myself am flirting with the idea of learning either portuguese or spanish , as the company i work for is making headway in south america . 
  rotterdam is already poaching trade from calais , as growing numbers of hauliers refuse to send their drivers and vehicles to the french town . 
  great news for hull , not so good for dover . 
  everything i know about plaid cymru could be written on one side of a4 , so i 'll decline to comment on the party itself . 
  with leanne wood making frequent appearances on radio and television programs , i rather think i ought to know more , but rarely does she talk about what she can offer , instead highlighting the faults of others , or what she perceives to be faults . 
  it 's perhaps best that she sticks to these tactics , however , as on the odd occasion you hear her use ` facts ' , they 're almost always swiftly and convincingly debunked . 
  if i said she had the competency of a gcse student , i 'd be doing a great disservice to our education system . 
  i find it somewhat worrying that a person with so few attributes can become not only the leader of a political party , but a member of a national assembly . 
  i can not stress to those who are unfamiliar with her how incompetent she comes across . 
  i 'd have concerns if she was my local councillor if i 'm being honest . 
  also , i also find it quite amusing when she blames england/the english for brexit . 
  she always skirts around the fact that wales voted to leave the european union as well . 
  very little i should imagine . 
  i highly doubt federalists give two shits about farage and his campaign group . 
  she has tempered in recent months , especially since the announcement of the general election and her withdrawal of support for the ` open britain ' campaign group in april , but i certainly would n't call her behaviour level-headed following the eu referendum . 
  she was cringe-inducingly emotional and sour in the weeks following the result . 
  now that 's what i call a sensationalised headline , though i should n't expect anything less from the guardian . 
  a member of the european commission leaked a scathing story to the german press which the conservative party claim grossly misrepresented our prime minister and the atmosphere of her meeting with the president of the european commission . 
  it 's a pretty major smear made worse by its timing . 
  two secretaries discussing this notable fray just one week after it took place does not come across as an intensification of ` attacks ' to me , but then again i 'm not a sensitive type . 
  that 's nothing . 
  a local school placed a job advertisement for an ` englihs teacher ' on their website a couple of weeks ago . 
  there 's no doubting their desperation . 
  the early to mid 1960s were what you could call the ` heyday ' of racism in the united kingdom . 
  the various race relations acts introduced in the late 1960s and throughout the 1970s helped to build a more cohesive society . 
  an anonymous source claiming to work for the european commission has suggested that i am not adequately prepared to supply you with a sufficient , in-depth answer to your query . 
  it was obviously leaked by jean-claude juncker . 
  the power got to his head following the downing street leak , and now he 's releasing information on everyone , even his allies . 
  the man has to be stopped . 
  i hope you continue your work , and i hope that there are plenty of strong southeasterly winds . 
  you might want to use pounds , though . 
  [ my favourite tank biathlon moment . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zlkka4dusm&amp;t=1m0s ) the title to the video is misleading , however , as the crew were kuwaiti . 
   establishing a new trans-national judicial system these days risks being aborted due to popular opposition as we have seen with the ttip arbitration courts . 
  thanks , i believe this is a valid observation i had overlooked . 
  thanks . 
  would it be possible for the supreme court of the united kingdom to adopt a status parallel to the efta court if we wished to pursue a ` very ambitious ' trade agreement with the european union ?
