  to my knowledge , which is quite visibly lacking , iceland , liechtenstein and norway are under the jurisdiction of the efta court , but not the court of justice . 
  are you of the belief that the court of justice will remain the united kingdom 's highest court after our withdrawal from the european union ? 
  are you by any chance daniel hannan ? 
  i always think of the man when i read your posts . 
  pragmatic brexiteers . 
  * standing ovation . 
  telephones german newspaper with a traduced story of the british negotiating stance for teh lolz . 
  i can not convey in words how strongly i disagree with labour 's corbyn . 
  i do n't just say that as a plain and simple conservative , but as a plain and simple conservative who wants a more electable opposition . 
  that being said , i give you my thanks for getting involved . 
  we need more of your enthusiasm . 
  do n't forget magna carta . 
  we have ... apparently . 
  the ford fiesta is the best-selling car in the united kingdom . 
  in february 2017 25,428 were sold here . 
  one of the 25,428 belongs to me . 
  it matters very little which outlet the story was given to . 
  the crux is why was the story , which contradicts earlier reports of the dinner , leaked ? 
  what purpose does it serve ? 
  to undermine and humiliate her ? 
  to put her on the backfoot ? 
  may 's aggressive rebuke was warranted if you ask me . 
  precisely . 
  barnier 's ` mountain walker ' comment was condescending and unbefitting of somebody in his position . 
  you 'd have to be bloody naive to think the may-juncker leak was n't a tactical move on the european union 's part . 
  may will have come to realise in the past few days , if she did n't know already , that this will be a dirty episode . 
  would have been embarrassing if he 'd followed through and it fell out of his trouser leg , especially in front of all those soviets . 
  she 's fighting slander with slander . 
  i think we 're still some way off comparing north korea to turkey . 
  varoufakis was right . 
  negotiations have n't even begun , and the eu are already moving the goalposts . 
  the same can be said for the european union . 
  these '' ` dis subreddit gon ' hate ` dis '' comments are beginning to feature on essentially every post which casts the european union in a bad light . 
  does it need saying ? 
  it 's smarmy , whiney , low effort and you 're only lowering yourself to the depraved depths of this subreddits most vocal anglophobes . 
  that being said , i think there 's likely to be some truth to varoufakis ' claims . 
  he 's not the first to voice these claims , in fact . 
  the problem is that the european union is n't facing up to greece . 
  the united kingdom has the capabilities to twist the screws on those who wish to harm us . 
  it 's been long suspected that sis are being used to strengthen our hand . 
  if varoufakis is indeed correct , both the united kingdom and the entire european union could be considerably less stable after the negotiations than it was beforehand . 
  i would be very surprised if support for brexit has n't strengthened rather than waned , and i say that as somebody who voted for the united kingdom to remain within the european union . 
  the ` bregret ' phenomenon was largely fabricated by pro-remain media , whilst some of those who feared brexit have come to realise that the scare stories were somewhat exaggerated . 
  there are still a sizable minority who are still sore about the result , which is fair enough , but tempers have noticeably calmed . 
  how has brexit affected my life ? 
  i 'm quite lucky . 
  the fall in the # attracted huge interest in british manufactured goods . 
  i work for a company which manufactures heavy-duty excavation and mining equipment , and we 've enjoyed our most successful year since our foundation in the early 1970s . 
  to cope with the demand , i 've been given additional responsibilities and a 37.5 % pay increase . 
  it 'll be interesting to know whether or not i 'll need a visa to visit my family on the continent in a couple of years , however . 
  apologies . 
  by blair 2.0 i meant somebody who acknowledges the importance of economic and social liberalism rather than tony himself . 
  of course , but this would necessitate a cordial relationship existing between the european union and the united kingdom , and whilst we 've yet to even leave the ` brexit starting blocks ' , the most recent indications would suggest that our relationship could be rather more complex than that . 
  interesting article by the way , thanks for uploading . 
  the european union is mentioned in the article . 
  it is good to see so many uk based companies perform so strongly , but with the data having been collected between 2012 and 2015 , i fail to see why this could n't fit the pro-eu & anti-uk circlejerk as we were unquestionably a member of the union in that period . 
  two of my colleagues recurrently bitch and moan about the number of polish migrants in the uk , and unsurprisingly they both voted for brexit . 
  one of them was born in pozna\u0144 and gained uk citizenship in the late 90s , and the other was born in a village within a stone 's throw of the belarusian border and gained uk citizenship in 2000 . 
  even my polish ex-girlfriend complained about the number of polish migrants . 
  what 's more , they do n't see the irony in what they say . 
  instead , i think they know they can get away with saying it as it 's hard to be labelled a xenophobe when you belong to the same ethnic group as the people you 're lambasting . 
  economically and socially liberal . 
  i 'm not saying i like the man , but a blair 2.0 would certainly receive my vote . 
  i hope the ` unstoppable force strikes and unmovable object ' approach dampens over the coming months . 
  the $ 63 billion figure needs investigating . 
  if found to be erroneous , i am sure movement will be made . 
  debts need paying , and british assets need to be returned . 
  i personally think that both sides are capable of behaving in a far more reasonable manner , but neither wants to be seen to bow out first . 
  saudi arabia is still one of the main destinations for british produced arms . 
   the uk also has a controversial arms deal going on with saudi arabia which the bbc does n't report on to prevent growing opposition support against the uk government by its citizens . 
  the sale of arms to saudi arabia is a controversial topic , but a topic which is discussed on the bbc nonetheless . 
  stanley johnson also campaigned for the united kingdom 's continued membership of the european union . 
  he was a conservative mep during the 1980s . 
  just re-read what i have written . 
  at no point did i say that i thought the labour party were offering anything achievable , but instead that they believe they can deliver a softer brexit deal than the conservatives are setting out for . 
  they do , however , wish for the united kingdom to participate in the customs union . 
  [ labour promises a softer brexit . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/apr/25/the-snap-labour-promises-a-softer-brexit ), 
  the labour party has signalled that it would lead the country to a softer brexit , accusing the conservatives of pandering to the party 's right-wing . 
  they 're the most capable troops that continental europe has to offer . 
  the germans are the troops with the bad reputation . 
  if anything , we 're likely to pursue an even more pro-active role within nato . 
  as we distance ourselves economically and politically from the european union , guaranteeing and physically proving our commitment to nato will be a means of maximising the remaining influence we have on the continent . 
  i think we 'll see increased equipment and troop deployments to the baltic states and romania in the years to come . 
  i am not aware of any previous difficulties to have stemmed from pre-election periods , which is not to say there have not been any in the past . 
  law is sacrosanct , even with the best will in the world . 
  on a more serious note , i would hope that a consequence of any redistribution of french border control measures would alleviate the situation in calais . 
  stem the tide at the source . 
  an eu wide approach has my support , in fact . 
  the european union can not expect the united kingdom to disregard their own laws , particularly . 
  this is an unfortunate but nonetheless unavoidable situation . 
  excerpt :  japan is also in talks with the eu about a comprehensive free trade agreement that would also cover the automotive sector . 
  the european commission is aiming to resolve talks by the end of the year . 
  free trade certainly does n't necessitate free movement . 
  the uk growth forecast for 2017 is 2.0 % , so it 's not all doom and gloom . 
  growth in 2018 is expected to slow , however . 
  fetch me my tall glass . 
  the cornish and arguably the cumbrians . 
  amusingly ( from a tory perspective ) , many of these people would traditionally have voted for labour , but corbyn is so out of touch they 've abandoned him . 
  labour need a leader like liz kendall to get back on the straight and narrow .
