   ah ... cheap wine . 
  an acidic nod to my yorkshirian heritage . 
  it 's more of a `` hi , good to see you !, 
  just slip your shoes off over there and come in '' . 
  if you walk on somebody 's carpet , there 's a good chance you 'll trail a little dirt in with you , regardless of whether you brushed your shoes on the mat or not . 
  if you drink a glass of wine in a carpeted room there 's a chance you 'll spill it and soil the floor , but i think the probability is considerably smaller ( especially if i 've paid for the wine ) . 
  preventative vs. reactive measures . 
  i 'm lazy , so it 's easier just to ban shoes from indoors . 
  a hoover would remove the loose dirt , but you 'd need either carpet shampoo or a carpet cleaner to remove any stains . 
  i can think of one other [ country . 
  uk : leave your shoes in the porch or hallway . 
  tread dirt into the carpet and you 're a dead mother ****** . 
  swings and roundabouts . 
  your foreign minister stated that he 'd fly the spanish flag over gibraltar , which i 'm sure you 'll agree is a ponderously belligerent use of words . 
  i would have expected far more from a high ranking politician from such an esteemed country . 
  even boris johnson stops short of brazenly objecting to people 's self-determination . 
  just a crap joke on my part . 
  i visit a ` dental centre ' twice a year . 
  [ stamford ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@52.6516308,-0.4780674,3a,75y,225.52h,101.35t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1skw8kblay_9lvz4ujizsckg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) is perhaps the nicest town in my county ( lincolnshire ) . 
  i 'm desensitised to all swearing . 
  some of my colleagues use swear words more frequently than non-swear words . 
  ` fucking cunting bastard ' is the phrase of choice in my office when the software freezes . 
  have you ever been to nyc ? 
  you ca n't walk down a street without passing dozens of people in interracial relationships . 
  it 's like saying `` i went to a kibbutz , and they threatened to shoot me 'cause i 'm jewish '' . 
  the united states of america, 
  i 'll try it with worcestershire sauce next time i have one . 
  thanks for the suggestion . 
  [ cottage pie ] ( http://goodtoknow.media.ipcdigital.co.uk/111/000005c75/c4fa/cottage-pie-with-cheesy-mash.jpg ) . 
  people often point at it when english ` cuisine ' is criticised and say `` but this is good '' . 
  nah , i think it 's quite bland . 
  it 's not even a real pie in my opinion . 
  our real pies ( meat inside pastry ) are pretty delicious though . 
  practically none , although i did vote for the uk to remain within the eu . 
  i would have said 5 ' 11 '' is average for the uk too . 
  the company i work for is currently manufacturing a tunnelling machine for a swiss company . 
  last week the owner of the swiss company visited our factory , along with his son and a couple of his managers , to inspect the machine during production . 
  it was a casual visit , and they began talking to me and a colleague about the new eu gun laws . 
  they were all of the opinion that switzerland 's gun laws should supercede schengen membership ( ie . 
  switzerland should leave schengen if these laws are imposed ) . 
  is this a common stance amongst the swiss , or are their opinions extreme ? 
  damn , that noise annoys the hell out of me too . 
  definitely one of those jobs that is best not left too long . 
  i 've only owned two bmws in the past , but both needed their electric water pumps replacing . 
  i feel ill just thinking about how much those parts cost me . 
  electric water pump ? 
  haggis is nice , i do n't get why people say otherwise . 
  not paris , but a couple of years ago i stopped off in chartres to buy some touch-up paint for my car , as i had noticed a couple of stone chips on the bonnet and they were really weighing heavy on my conscience . 
  i went into an auto-parts shop , found the paint i needed , and went to the counter to pay . 
  i bought it , turned around , and i was met with a frenchman shaking his head in disapproval . 
  he said something along the lines of `` in france we do n't hide these things . 
  we 're proud of our battle scars '' . 
  it was a bit of an insight into the french approach to driving . 
  i have two polish-born colleagues ( both now british nationals ) , i dated a polish woman for 18 months , and some of my friends at engineering college were polish . 
  i came to learn that polish people regularly bring up three things in conversation : 1 . 
  polish bread is the best bread . 
  polish vodka is better than russian vodka . 
  german women are ugly . 
  the surrender of france : 22/06/1940 ~ british empire stands alone against nazi germany ~ invasion of the soviet union : 22/06/1941, 
  my parents are land owners . 
  when the european union removed milk quotas , a tenant dairy farmer of ours drowned himself in a well so his family would at least have his life insurance money to survive on . 
  how would you confront his surviving family , who suffered as a result of eu policy ? 
  i voted remain ( somewhat reluctantly , i admit ) , but being brought up in a very rural area , surrounded by farmers , i know all too well that decisions taken at an eu level can cause terrible suffering . 
  for you brexit is a dagger in the chest , but for others it was the eu . 
  the bbc have been barred from attending press briefings in the usa after coming under attack from donald trump for allegedly misrepresenting him and his administration . 
  i consider the bbc to be amongst the most neutral news broadcasters . 
  in the mid-noughties he briefly played for a club based in a town near to where i live . 
  i remember cycling through a park on the outskirts of the town with some friends one evening , and coming across gazza . 
  sadly , he was lying beneath a tree , barely conscious and surrounded by empty cans and bottles . 
  gosh , a small number ` suffer ' from [ paris syndrome ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paris_syndrome ) , so there 's no knowing how they 'd react to a romantic weekend in sheffield . 
  i think they have a massively romanticised view of most european/western nations . 
  my cousin works in tokyo , and i went over there to visit him . 
  one of his japanese colleagues thought that english men wore a bowler hat and three-piece-suit at weekends , read a constant stream of shakespeare , and sustained themselves on jams , scones and impossible quantities of tea . 
  you can say that again . 
  when i visited tokyo i walked into a man dressed in a black ss uniform distributing leaflets promoting a new german-style beer hall . 
  i hear the word used in an affectionate context just as often . 
  i personally would n't consider it as a slur . 
  it 's called a cob here in lincolnshire , too . 
  some of my friends are at university in sheffield , and when i went to visit them last summer we had a barbeque . 
  i went to a nearby bakery to buy twelve cobs for the burgers . 
  the bakers seemed pretty puzzled by the request , saying it was a little excessive . 
  i then learnt that in that part of the country , a cob is a large white loaf . 
  good , it did n't end so amicably in my case . 
  me too , but it would be wrong of me write an entire nation off because of one person . 
  it is , but a dyson is also three times the price of a meile . 
  i had to disassemble and reassemble one when i was at school . 
  the turbine had been machined out of an aluminium billet . 
  massively over engineered . 
  [ right-libertarian ] ( https://www.politicalcompass.org/yourpoliticalcompass?ec=7.75&amp;soc=-5.33 ), 
  i also believe that with having nigel farage and a plethora of alt-righters amongst his friends , he genuinely believes that the european union is a force for bad . 
  i would n't be surprised if he genuinely believes he 'd be doing the people of the eu a great favour by demolishing the union . 
  i 've watched him on television before and he 's been okay . 
  i got to watch him live in london three/four years ago ( the sister of the girl i was dating at the time worked for the bbc and got us free tickets ) , though i was disappointed . 
  his material was really tired , and in the fifteen minutes he was on-stage , several of his jokes were poorly received by the audience . 
  he 's got a sense of humour , but he 's massively overrated in my opinion . 
  one sure-fire way to anger a lot of people in lincolnshire would be to erect a european flag . 
  you certainly do n't see them over government-owned buildings , though you do see them in the windows of baltic food stores . 
  i work less than half a mile from a small business park , and a couple of years ago they hoisted a european flag from their mast . 
  within hours , somebody had cut the flag loose . 
  the next day , another european flag was hoisted up the same mast .
