  a ` hard remain ' is unpalatable , as we never had ` hard membership ' . 
  we had so many opt-outs that in my eyes we were never a fully-fledged member . 
  there are very few ` hard remainers ' , too . 
  many of those who voted remain , like myself , are n't particularly enthused about membership . 
  remaining seemed like the lesser of two evils . 
  i do n't think we 'd consider joining the european union without some opt-outs , and i can not see the european union offering them to us in ten or twenty years time . 
  if the european union became a federated state within that time , i 'd certainly not wish to rejoin . 
  i was born in the early/mid 90s , so i 'll take your word for it . 
  with respect , i was mocking the the extent to which people on this subreddit think this had an effect on the result of the referendum . 
  i mean , young people overwhelmingly voted remain ( as i did ) , yet we 're the ones who use social media more than any other demographic . 
  i 'm ashamed . 
  i think we 've now gone beyond the pale . 
  a uk within the eu would be harmful to both parties . 
  so it was satire ? 
  are you proud of this comment ? 
  honest mister , euroscepticism did n't exist in the uk before nigel 's mate got involved !, 
   the enemy of the people headline is a perfect example . 
  ~ facepalm ~ that was a painful reminder . 
  i can shrug most things off , but that headline riled me . 
  in fact , i remember seeing a screenshot of the daily mail 's front cover on / r/ukpolitics for the first time and thought it was a joke . 
  it was n't until a few hours later when i watched guests on bbc news 24 expressing their disgust of the dm that the penny dropped ... it was real . 
  it was like a propaganda piece from the ussr . 
  i politely disagree ( partially ) with your assessment . 
  brexiteers are people with a wide array of political beliefs who voted one of two ways in a referendum . 
  there are people who ordinarily would have voted conservative , labour , liberal-democrat , snp and ukip etc. 
  who are eurosceptic . 
  equating a person 's desire to leave the european union to them fostering far-right views makes me gnash my teeth a little , even though i voted remain . 
  the reason why i ( partially ) disagree with your assessment is because i can imagine many ukip supporters would indeed relish the success of more extreme parties across the continent . 
  i just want to hammer across the point that the majority of those who voted to leave the european union are perfectly normal and reasonably liberal . 
  did you leave of your own accord or were you given the ol' heave-ho ? 
  needless to say , the true crime would have been to allow the falkland islanders fall under the jurisdiction of the argentinian military junta ; a government so foul even pinochet and his cronies paled in comparison . 
  [ for ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/southamerica/falklandislands/10947350/without-chiles-help-we-would-have-lost-the-falklands.html ) those who are curious as to how and why pinochet and thatcher formed a friendship . 
  the anglosphere is n't a conservative conspiracy theory . 
  the uk leaves the eu , and trade australia would previously have shared between roi and the uk is directed favourably towards you . 
  the uk signs an fta with australia , bolstering and encouraging trade between the two , as well as laying the foundations for a more interwoven relationship . 
  brexit is also an opportunity for the uk . 
  how so ? 
  rather than there being two english speaking european union members with a common law legal system , there will soon only be one . 
  i 'm repeating the article . 
  in spite of this , australia has shown great enthusiasm for negotiating a fta with the united kingdom . 
  i would hope that both ireland and my country increase trade with australia . 
  hang on one minute , that 's not tea !, 
  reeee !, 
  it does n't look to be the kind of place to attract that crowd . 
  when you put a brit in the same room as a german , you know wwi & wwii jokes are going to crop up . 
  it 's a dead certainty , and the germans often take it in good jest . 
  they call us inselaffe , it 's all in good humour . 
  i remember watching the 2002 england vs. germany world cup qualification with my german godfather . 
  i stirred him up so badly he picked me up by the ankles and threw me into the pond in our garden . 
  for goodness ' sake , i dated a german girl for eighteen months , and we 'd regularly exchange borderline xenophobic slurs for laughs . 
  a small step in the right direction , nonetheless . 
  personally speaking , i 'd love to work for boeing . 
  were they as large as those pictured in the article ? 
  if so , you must have had a mean appetite !, 
  in your opinion , is the united kingdom more culturally similar to australia/canada/new zealand or india ? 
  our ties with india are of course robust and cordial , but a relationship similar to that we have with the aforementioned three is difficult to reproduce . 
  thanks , when it comes to gaming i 'm pretty clueless . 
  my parents confiscated my ps3 in the run up to my gcses and i 've not played on a console since , haha . 
  what are ` synths ' ? 
  i feel confused and old . 
   and have n't all your ` english speaking partners ' come out and stated that they are not interested in rushing a deal with the uk and were more focused on the eu ? 
  if my memory serves me correctly , were n't the australians and new zealanders the first to express a desire to enter talks regarding future trade agreements ? 
  i certainly know that australian civil servants were flown over to london within days of the referendum en-masse to discuss improving future trade relations , as i 'm related to one of them . 
  i believe the new zealanders went as far as to offer to loan us their trade negotiators . 
  i did n't want brexit , a lot of us younger folk did n't , but the australians and new zealanders have shown us great comradeship in recent months , and for that i 'm appreciative . 
  keep your eyes peeled for russian interference in the stoke and copeland by-elections , too !, 
  i agree . 
  if the question was `` which of the following is most ** economically ** important to the uk ? '', 
  the green portion of the doughnut would likely be a sliver . 
  you and i both know what is inferred by the question , but some may have misinterpreted it . 
  again , we 're very sentimental when it comes to australia , canada and new zealand . 
  you could be forgiven for calling them our ` brother nations ' , if there is such a thing . 
  i would guess that english , trudeau or turnbull feature highly owing to the tremendous fondness many of those here in the united kingdom have of the nations they represent . 
  i felt like banging my head against the wall upon seeing that 5 % believe we should cosy up with putin . 
  there must be something in the water . 
  efta and/or eea membership would be by far the more realistic option for an independent scotland . 
  with 63 % of total exports going to the uk ( minus scotland ) , whilst just 16 % of total exports going to the eu , a ` norway-style ' deal would be far less problematic . 
   they built a very beautiful palace called `` crystal palace '' i wish i was alive to see such a beautiful palace finished . 
  unfortunately , a [ project ] ( https://www.dezeen.com/2015/02/27/london-bromley-council-scraps-controversial-crystal-palace-project/ ) aimed at rebuilding the landmark was axed a couple of years ago . 
  i 'd have loved to marvel at the structure in person . 
  we are not obliged to take responsibility for them . 
  the united kingdom chose not to participate in the schengen area primarily so as not to find itself in the situation france is currently faced with . 
  rejoice and despair at porous borders . 
  feel genuinely sorry for the guy . 
  i 'd need therapy after just driving through the place . 
  whilst that assertion is widely accepted , there 's plenty of room to question its validity . 
  until the 1980s people of english descent outnumbered people of german descent . 
  the growing popularity of listing one 's ethnicity as ` american ' in areas of heavy english settlement have coincided with the significant decline in the number of people who list their ethnicity as ` english ' ( down from 50 million in 1980 to just 24.5 million in 2000 ) . 
  the ancestral origins of americans tend to be so diverse , it 's difficult to come to a concrete resolution of the argument . 
  shake my hand , that was a beautiful retort . 
  there 's always a terribly misguided anglosceptic like you lurking around too , so it is any surprise ? 
  i should imagine by that they mean romanian nationals ( because many of * ` them ' * come from romania ) rather than ethnic romanians . 
  i 've never met a bad ethnic romanian , but i 've met plenty of unpleasant people who possess a romanian passport , if you catch my drift . 
  my sister lived less than a three minute walk from the ibrox stadium for just shy of a year after leaving university . 
  the graffiti and chanting you 'd observe around there was more anti-irish than anti-catholic . 
  i was surprised because i had always assumed the scots loved their hibernian cousins . 
   ~ ~ tosspot ~ ~ teapot . 
  c'mon , get with the thread !, 
  yes , in the uk they 're in season from october to march . 
  return of investment period of between 3.5 yr and 5yr for the machine we trialed .
