  gettin ' their teeth done on the nhs , i bet, 
   from personal experience it 's because the parents really value education . 
  knowing that the key for a good future is education . 
  they are often tougher than the natives swedes when it comes to homework . 
  the secondary school i attended awarded prizes to the three highest achieving students from each house at the end of every academic year . 
  east and south asian students featured very heavily in the prizegiving ceremonies , with a number of them eventually securing positions at cambridge/icl/oxford . 
  a student in my chemistry and physics classes , born to hong kongese parents , woke at 05:30 each morning to begin his studies . 
  we 'd attend school between 08:45 and 15:45 , and he 'd persevere with his studies until 22:00 . 
  he 'd watch the ten o'clock news , retire for the night , and repeat the process the next day . 
  he was n't allowed to play computer games , partake in sports , and his access to the internet and tv was restricted heavily by his parents . 
  he studied all day on saturday , but was given sundays off to pursue his hobby of playing various musical instruments . 
  whilst he will always stand out in my mind as having a remarkably channeled childhood , other students from migrant backgrounds had a far more structured upbringing to their white-english classmates . 
  it worked out very well for the aforementioned student , as i believe he works for a branch of the esa . 
  i 'm certainly pleased to have been allowed far more room to breathe , however . 
  i did n't make it past the headline . 
  amusingly , i seem to remember france being mcdonald 's largest market this side of the atlantic . 
  i think , much to my grievance , the majority of the uk public would rather not pursue eu2 membership . 
  maybe that 'd change if we had a few cold winters , if you know what i mean ... 
  [ europe 1 interview boris johnson-french ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apn82yg7l4k ) i can not for the life of me find a video of him speaking german . 
  i have watched him speak the language briefly on tv more than once , however . 
  knowing boris , you wont have to wait long before he insults german sausage makers in their own language at some point in the near future . 
  the british overseas territories are remnants of the british empire . 
  without the latter the former would not exist . 
  to refer to the uk as a possession of a so-called ` english empire ' , however , is just as flawed as it is deliberately discourteous . 
  ` viertes reich ' is a comparable term used in reference to the european union , which is equally as puerile . 
  shall we say for a second that we * do * live in a world in which england subjugates its neighbouring countries , would the scottish independence referendum of 2014 made it to fruition ? 
  ` our ' boris johnson is fluent in french and italian , and speaks german , greek and spanish proficiently . 
  oh , he 's also fluent in latin , so even the two millennia-old deceased can listen in disbelief . 
  i 'm not a homosexual , so ` triggered ' perhaps is n't the appropriate word , but if the translation provided was indeed correct , his stance on that particular issue is n't palatable and certainly should n't be ` exported ' across the globe in the name of europe . 
  he says `` do we just want to export the mercedes-benz s-class or do we also want to export values ? 
  '' , and then mocks homosexual marriage ? 
  and the danes claim to be europe 's biggest swine lovers ... 
  this subreddit seems to attract the sensitive types . 
  ~ * brushes dust off longbow . 
  for us ( english ) , the people of norfolk make good joke fodder . 
  i would n't . 
  the cholesterol could kill us all . 
  imagine what it 's like over here at ` ground zero ' . 
  immigration was a concern for the majority of leave voters , but millions voted to leave the eu for reasons completely unrelated to the issue . 
  many voted to ` regain ' sovereignty , some thought we should pivot towards the developing economies , some thought public services would receive increased funding , whilst others feared that continued membership of the eu would jeopardise the security of the uk . 
  i work with two polish-born british nationals , both of whom voted to leave the eu . 
  one deemed the union undemocratic , whilst the other thought continued membership would erode ` britishness ' . 
  lots of agricultural workers/farmers in my county voted to leave the eu as they considered many of the regulations they adhere to overly restrictive . 
  the overriding majority of the british public could n't give a toss where you 're from , though unfortunately they had considerably stronger views on the union itself . 
  very few people who voted against freedom of movement would walk up to you on a street and batter you with a wooden plank , too . 
  if you came to england and i saw somebody beating you up because you 're romanian , i would intervene , make sure you were okay , and perhaps get you some water or something . 
  easy to assume we 're all arseholes following the rise in hate crimes , but 95 % of us are okay . 
  eye-for-an-eye attacks are n't something i 'd advocate , either . 
  [ attached ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-37725786 ) is the full video . 
  the lady in question said `` i feel i 'm no longer wanted by 52 % of the voters '' , to which the audience groan in disagreement . 
  i bash ` brexiters ' as much as the next ` remainer ' , but they 're not all xenophobes . 
  perhaps even half of those i know who voted to leave the eu could n't give a damn about eu migration . 
  reread the name of the product . 
  it sums the brexit debacle up beautifully . 
  [ david davies mp ] ( https://twitter.com/davidtcdavies/status/786492752959799296 ), 
  or a few bottles of buckfast ? 
  a tam o ' shanter bonnet would make a fine addition , too . 
  i think it 's more likely that people in other countries inquire into our geographical location and status . 
  i travel quite frequently as i have family spread across four continents . 
  one of the questions i 'm asked most regularly on my travels would be `` is the uk in europe ? '' . 
  i must have been asked that one at least a dozen and a half times in north america alone . 
  people also ask a lot of questions about our former empire and military conflicts we 've been involved in . 
  `` do you guys still have an empire ? 
  '' , `` do you guys miss the empire '' and `` do you guys want to go to war with < insert_country  ? '', 
  have been asked a few times . 
  there are still lots of people dotted around the world who have this obscure view that britain is still some grand , warfaring nation . 
  i 've forgotten the last time i spoke about the empire with another british person , but it was probably in secondary school . 
  no doubt . 
  he 'd upgraded from an audi s5 , so my guess is that he could n't master the extra 310bhp . 
  :-d got to love raw american power . 
  it was until he wrapped it around a tree . 
  we 'll all be driving cars like this in the future !, 
  :-d some of my cousins are american , and one briefly owned a 2014 dodge viper . 
  i never got to see it in person , but the idea of bolting an 8.4 l v10 in a car makes me dizzy . 
  are britons ` googling ' said questions ? 
  every town should have at least one of each . 
  ~ ~ estonia ~ ~ england can into ~ ~ nordic ~ ~ slavic ? 
  a romanian guy is starting in my department ( mechanical engineering ) on monday . 
  i 'm already jealous of him because the spinny-chair they 've bought him is far plusher than mine . 
  `` if you like politics you watch question time , if you do n't like politics you do n't watch question time '' . 
  they should perhaps recite that to the studio audience at the beginning of each show . 
  hypothetically the european union and the united kingdom * could * agree to discount any secessionist movements in one another 's territories , but in reality i can not see there being any appetite to take such steps on either side . 
  the united kingdom has made it clear that if scotland were to vote for independence , it would strive for a clean and quick divorce . 
  i can not see the european union risk losing face by ignoring democratically backed declarations of independence within its territory , either . 
  your hypothetical scenario may garner limited support in spain for example , but even they have indicated that they would recognise scotland as an independent state . 
  i voted for the united kingdom to retain its membership of the european union because i valued our membership of the common market . 
  this was n't an easy decision to make . 
  on the one hand i enjoyed the trading relationship it enabled us to maintain with the other 27 eu states , but on the other i did n't share the vision of a closer union and feared being dragged into a federal europe . 
  after some consideration , i came to the conclusion that with a ` seat at the table ' , the united kingdom was very unlikely to take part in a closer union , as the appetite for it here is miniscule at most . 
  the prospect of eea membership is n't particularly appealing . 
  whilst we would maintain our membership of the common market , the 27 eu states hold greater influence over westminster than ever before . 
  unfortunately , i think a ` hard ' brexit is the only sensible option . 
  * europe is the peace which followed the disaster of war . 
  * europe is the franco-german reprieve . 
  * europe is the return of freedom to greece , portugal and spain . 
  * europe is the fall of the berlin wall . 
  * europe is the collapse of communism . 
  * europe is the welfare state , it is democracy . 
  * europe is fundamental rights . 
  this makes me ask , what is europe to the united kingdom ?
