  my phone ` runs out of battery ' quite a lot when i 'm not at work . 
   personally i do n't agree with people who were n't directly involved in the empire apologising for it , much like germans ca n't be held responsible for the holocaust if they were n't even born when it happened . 
  neither do i. 
  when i was in y9 my school hosted a dozen or so pupils from stuttgart for a week , along with their english language teacher . 
  we held a small assembly for them to introduce themselves , during which their teacher mentioned that he 'd noticed a plaque in one of our corridors commemorating former pupils who 'd died onboard hms hood , and apologised for the sinking . 
  it was completely unnecessary for a man born sometime in the 70s to apologise to a room full of people born in the early/mid 90s . 
   the entire history of the british empire is whitewashed in schools . 
  this was certainly true when my parents were at school . 
  i began secondary school in 2005 and dropped history after i completed my gcses in 2010 . 
  in that time i studied : * the boer wars * the cromwellian conquest of ireland * the easter rising * the great hunger * the opium wars * the rebellion of 1857 * the scramble for africa * triangular trade it suppose it may have been beneficial to have studied fewer topic in greater depth , but i never thought we were skirting around the most appalling aspects of the empire . 
  true , though our colonial past is most probably the reason why we 're the largest giver of development aid after the usa . 
  i joined reddit after the referendum , though i do n't doubt the veracity of your claim . 
  in the time i 've been here , i 've read people calling for the exclusion of hungary and poland from the eu , and for greater pressure to be placed on efta members ( ie . 
  if you do n't join the eu , you should be thrown out of the eea ) . 
  i have belgian friends and relatives . 
  the flemish are the nicest people on the continent in my opinion . 
  if i were you , i 'd be bitter too . 
  the majority seem quite anglophilic to me , though a dedicated few love nothing more than to snipe from the parapet . 
  most of the written disgust is phony , fabricated to garner popularity online , which is something they lack in their day-to-day lives . 
  there 's plenty of poorly executed banter too , which is easy to misidentify as anglophobia . 
   it 's english conquest by the back door , is what it is . 
  cheers mate , how would you like it if we revealed your secrets too ? 
  absolutely no decorum . 
  it 's the only way  happy new year !, 
  i agree wholeheartedly . 
  i visited krakow four months before warsaw , and whilst there were some ` merry ' english and scandinavian tourists , nobody was causing any fuss . 
  i liked it so much , i obviously decided to visit the country again . 
  the atmosphere in warsaw was completely different . 
  the danes were flashing and starting fights , the english ( and i say this as an englishman ) were starting fights and throwing glasses , the germans were shouting and taunting people , and the swedes were stealing and fighting ( i got punched by a swede because i stopped him from running off without paying his bill ) . 
  i 'd love to visit a polish city again some time , but i 'd like to go ` off-season ' this time . 
  some people think that in order to have a good time they need to get exorbitantly drunk . 
  we joke about german men sitting to urinate , but if somebody can not control their flow it 's best they sat to pass water . 
  :d i got punched at the top of the steps on the left of the photo , outside the restaurants . 
  a nice trip , mildly spoilt by drunken danish , english , german and swedish tourists . 
  the poles were very nice , however . 
  there are a small number of people on this subreddit who have an axe to grind . 
  i do n't think they 're specifically anglophobic , because you often see the same people smear the americans too . 
  their fascination with the british empire is a thousand times stronger than ours ever was . 
  ok , so i open article written for the independent and one of the first things i read is :  the empire 's history is not widely taught in detail in british schools . 
  ok , so we 're not off to a good start here . 
  i think i was eight when i was first taught about the great hunger , and a couple of years later we studied the british raj . 
  i then went to secondary school , and did n't go one year between the age of 11-16 without having to write at least one 1,000 - 2,500 word essay on an atrocity we 'd committed in africa , asia , australia or europe . 
  i 'm 23 , and can truthfully say that i 've yet to happen upon a single person who has praised our treatment of our then subjects . 
  we still look favourably on churchill , i 'll give you that , but do the french not still revere napoleon ? 
   i dont mention other european colonial empires , not because i think they were much better , but because you dont see a lot of nostalgia on the issue from those countries but you definitely do from the uk . 
  examples ? 
  are we truly civilised , or are we simply * less * barbaric than we previously were ? 
  if the roman empire were rise from the grave and administer the near east once again , there 'd be a car bomb on every street in rome . 
  prole !, 
  we 've thought that for hundreds , if not thousands of years . 
  death , destruction , economic protectionism and war . 
  we 've a lord adonis too , though he does n't quite live up to his name . 
  do i have a choice ? 
  fool me once , shame on you ; fool me twice ... oh damn , it 's all down my christmas jumper . 
  the german troops apparently invited the british troops to play football , * ` sachsen vs. angelsachsen ' * . 
  muh feels !, 
  a sad truth , but i stand by my words . 
  most brits like poles , and brexit should n't make people assume otherwise . 
  unfortunately , a polish gentleman was murdered . 
  that should n't detract from the fact that generally speaking , the english and the poles get on very well . 
  as i said , i know a guy who is engaged to a polish woman , and one of my friends is dating a polish woman . 
  i get on with my polish-born colleagues really well . 
  their banter is top-notch . 
  i was going to make a joke about the irish and booze , but then i remembered i 'm english . 
  pot . 
  kettle . 
  black . 
  i work with two polish engineers who emigrated to the uk in the 90s and became british nationals in the mid 00s . 
  both voted to leave the eu , so do n't assume that all ` brexiteers ' dislike poles . 
  i also know a guy who is engaged to a polish woman , but he voted to leave the eu , too . 
  the poles have a really positive reputation here , and those who decide to stay integrate very well . 
  nice sopwith camel , too !, 
  looks like something from [ ` close encounters of the third kind ' ] ( http://imgur.com/v9vm0gs ) . 
  i think you 've got this christmas thing sussed . 
  i was displeased with the outcome of the eu referendum , but you take it on the chin and march on . 
  the vitriol it stirred up amongst * some * continentals was astounding ; a baby deprived of its bottle has better manners . 
  this has led to * some * brits responding in kind . 
  the anti-british and anti-european rhetoric you spot here on a daily basis is just bloody woeful . 
  just to put things into perspective , a lancaster bomber would drop 18 of these , plus one 4,000 lb ( 1,800 kg ) bomb , when carpet bombing german cities . 
  when you consider that several hundred four-engined bombers were often involved in these raids , it 's a wonder anybody made it out with their sanity intact . 
  hell on earth . 
  a legend parents tell their children . 
  i like you . 
  the prime minister announced in late september that article 50 would be triggered no later than march 2017 . 
  to my knowledge , no precise date has been agreed upon . 
  i seem to remember that prior to her announcement , a number of diplomats , politicians and other civil servants had * suggested * round-about dates , but there was no mention from no. 10 . 
  equating the uk 's decision to remove itself from the eu and its workings to racism or xenophobia is a constant source of both amusement and befuddlement , and i say that as somebody who voted for the uk to remain within the union . 
  it 's a product of petulance . 
  several of my colleagues are foreign-born british nationals , almost all of whom voted to leave the eu . 
  they 're hardly likely to have hostile views towards immigration . 
   also , i 'm a bit racist . 
  hehe . 
  it 's been made abundantly clear that article 50 will be signed prior to april . 
  multiple answers , the most frequently toted being the complete withdrawal from the european single market . 
  the most british thing you can do is take the piss out of other people , then laugh when they give it back . 
  these people need to man up . 
  very few eastern european migrants settle in scotland . 
  there are fewer polish nationals north of the border than there are in my county of < 800,000 . 
  if england and wales had similar migration figures , i 'm sure we 'd share their relative fondness of the eu . 
  xd ** darth verhofstadt : ** david , i am your father .
