  protectionism wo n't be a solution in a globalized world any more . 
  i think ` brexit ' meant very different things to different people . 
  interestingly , you mention protectionism , a word we 're hearing a lot of at the moment . 
  whilst some voted to leave the eu in the obscure hope that we 'd raise the drawbridge , many more did so in the hope that it would result in increased bridge building . 
  they wanted a slice of the developing markets , and they believed the best way to get their hands on said slice would necessitate the uk 's withdrawal from the eu . 
  the uk could never implement protectionist policies in the same way that the usa could , as we 're too heavily dependent on imports . 
  `` global britain '' is one of the most commonly heard taglines in post-referendum britain . 
  whilst nothing more than a soundbite at the moment , it 's quite reassuring to know that those in positions of power are fully aware of the importance of the country being outward looking . 
   not saying that us are doing better right now . 
  but i hope the eu will stand together and have serious voice on us politics . 
  i 'd rather have you on the boat too . 
  i 'm an americanophile and a europhile , so i find the current situation as divisive as can be . 
  in spite of trump , i would very much like to see the uk strengthen its relationship with his country , though strong and healthy relations with the eu must be maintained , so we 're going to have to work very intelligently when dealing with the two . 
  a strong and prosperous eu makes for a good neighbour and trading partner . 
  i think the animosity which currently exists will settle soon after negotiations are finalised . 
  we 'll likely cooperate with one another in countless fields , and contribute to each others prosperity . 
  if laurie penny is `` the only kind of foreign it 's acceptable to be '' , then americans must have suddenly developed a penchant for whiny , radical socialists who will attempt to besmirch anything and anyone to the right of marx . 
  in fairness , she 's managed to wean herself off blaming all the ills of the world on middle-class white men , but her work is still aimed at those with farcically socially progressive views . 
  what agenda would that be ? 
  attempting to allay fears and positively contribute to the stability of the continent whilst the eu and usa exchange derogatory comments ? 
  perhaps they were alluding to the creation of a ` thousand-year reich ' ? 
  joking aside , americans are recurrently mocked for their supposed ignorance , but europeans are scarcely more conscious of events on the other side of the atlantic . 
  the things you read ... 
  i 'm reminded of f\u00e9lix faure ( president of france : 17 january 1895 -- 16 february 1899 ) and his unusual death . 
   faure died suddenly from apoplexy in the \u00c9lys\u00e9e palace on 16 february 1899 , while engaged in sexual activities in his office with 30-year-old marguerite steinheil . 
  it has been widely reported that felix faure had his fatal seizure while steinheil was fellating him , but the exact nature of their sexual intercourse is unknown and such reports may have stemmed from various jeux de mots ( puns ) made up afterward by his political opponents . 
  one such pun was to nickname mme steinheil `` la pompe fun\u00e8bre '' ( wordplay in french : `` pompes fun\u00e8bres '' means `` death care business '' and `` pompe fun\u00e8bre '' could be translated , literally , as `` funeral pump '' ) . 
  george clemenceau 's epitaph of faure , in the same trend , was `` il voulait \u00eatre c\u00e9sar , il ne fut que pomp\u00e9e '' ( another wordplay in french ; could mean both `` he wished to be caesar , but ended up as pompey '' , or `` he wished to be caesar and ended up being blown '' : the verb `` pomper '' in french is also slang for performing oral sex on a man ) ; clemenceau , who was also editor of the newspaper l'aurore , wrote that `` upon entering the void , he [ faure ] must have felt at home '' . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/f%c3%a9lix_faure#death ), 
  bloody banana enthusiasts are on juncker 's hit list . 
  people underestimate the threat they pose to european unity . 
  i do n't understand the downvotes either . 
  you 're stating truths , and not disagreeing with the fact that anglo-russian relations have been eye-wateringly sour in recent years , especially so since the litvinenko assassination . 
  i believe that crop harvesting will become an almost fully automated process within the very near future . 
  my parents are landowners , and less than two months ago an automated sprout harvester was trialed on our property . 
  it harvested the crop 60 % faster than a gang . 
  these machines are n't * too * complicated , but a technician/small team of technicians may be required to observe the machine/vehicle as it performs its duty . 
  i 'm hoping that brexit will actually encourage farmers/contractors to invest in this technology . 
  we also need to give the thumbs up to gm crops . 
  i live in lincolnshire , which is home to many of the most productive ( high yield ) farms on earth , but in areas such as scotland , where the soil is of poor quality , gm crops will do wonders to improve farm yields , and massively reduce their reliance on subsidies . 
  edit : sausage fingers . 
  posh cunt . 
  the authorities are the ones i 'm complaining about , not the normal citizens . 
  it 's unfair for the both of us . 
  you have to put up with the chavs , whilst we get tarred with the same brush as them . 
  are you a yank ? 
  it 's inglund , m8 !, 
  [ my boy jacob rees-mogg hitting the town . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfmog2mel6q ), 
   these places advertise to the chavs and 18 to 30 crowd then complain when that 's what they get . 
  there are plenty of good british tourists you just have to aim your advertising at them . 
  this is what annoys me more than anything . 
  five or six years ago there was a bloody massive billboard in the village next to mine , sponsored by czech tourism , which emphasised how cheap the beer and nightclubs are in prague . 
  do n't then start complaining that the people you 've lured over with the promise of cheap booze are getting pissed in your streets . 
  i 've never visited ibiza , but when i was in warsaw i felt a little embarrassed because there were so many chavs getting pissed out of their skulls . 
  the danish , german and swedish ( i got punched by a swede over there ) tourists were n't much better , so it was n't a pretty sight to behold . 
  i felt sorry for the poles . 
   might give you the ~ ~ rabies ~ ~ diabetes and chronic alcoholism if they bite you !, 
  i 'm divided on the issue . 
  i do n't like the nanny state having a say on every minutiae of day-to-day life , but i also massively resent having to pay national insurance for some lard-arse with no self-control to undergo expensive operations or be given costly medicines to counter or support their unhealthy lifestyles . 
  peace in our time too , i suppose ? 
  perhaps you foresaw russia 's interventions in her neighbouring states ? 
  maybe you 're right , and a russia would behave no differently to the eu without a massive american deterrent on her soil ? 
  if the usa upped sticks , i think russia would be breathing down your neck so hard you 'll have wished you 'd worn your scarf . 
  they would n't even need to engage in a military conflict to exert massive leverage in the east . 
  turn your back on nato tomorrow and watch the russian bear show his gratitude with an almighty bone crushing hug . 
  a humourous gibe made all the more amusing when one considers that hollande 's snoot is lodged firmly up merkel 's klanker . 
  french presidents , past and present , have adopted this position when in the presence of german leadership for decades now . 
  at the time of the invasion of iraq in 2003 , public opinion in the united kingdom was significantly in favour of military action . 
  a trade deal with the usa within as little as 90 days of ` brexit ' if you believe trump . 
  pff ... it takes longer than that to buy a rolls-royce . 
  i believe the swiss were in fact amongst the first to respond to ` brexit ' by sending a delegation to london to initiate informal trade negotiations and discuss other issues relating to trade between the two nations . 
  i do n't foresee a military confrontation , but a diplomatic war agitated by two hard talking heads of state would not surprise me in the slightest . 
  i 've repeatedly heard trump castigate obama for allegedly disregarding old allies . 
  i think israel in particular will benefit from trump 's presidency . 
  it 's going to be * interesting * when american and russian interests inevitably clash . 
  penpals today , daggers drawn tomorrow . 
  speaking as an englishman , we would call them gibraltarians or falklanders . 
  i can not speak for falklanders , having never met one , but the gibraltarians refer to themselves as such and british . 
  ` woman ' ? 
  do you know something we do not ? 
  there , there , alcohol will soothe the ache . 
  my dentist is indian , my doctors are indian , my engineering lecturers were indian and so are some of my finest friends . 
  i would gladly see a relaxation of our visa restrictions as the positive contributions of the indians to our society are , and have been , massive . 
  god knows we need more brain power over here . 
  whilst i disagree , i feel i must commend you for showing such dedication to the horseplay . 
  `` fruck-off '' is * so * crass , but i find the idea of children reading about it in a history textbook fifty years from now quite comical ( not that the process itself would be ) . 
  i 'm a simple man . 
   and the uk can have a 10 % corporation tax . 
  which the eu would simply grin and bear ? 
  no reciprocal measures of any kind ? 
   and we pull our troops out of eastern europe . 
  our troops are europe 's elite , but there are only a few hundred of them over there as is . 
  france or germany could easily send a thousand or so more to replace them without breaking much of a sweat . 
  besides , a move such as that would harm our image terribly . 
  regardless of whether we get a ` deal ' or a ` good deal ' , we want to remain on good terms with the eu . 
   p.s. 
  sorry for the shitty map , that 's the best i could make  it 's easy to refer from and you remembered to include the source . 
  thanks !,
