  the return of investment period for indoor/greenhouse picking machinery is possibly half that . 
  not a dumb comment whatsoever . 
  my parents own  2,800 acres and our tenant farmers are beginning to consider investing in automated machinery . 
  if a human can pick it , so can a machine . 
  we trialed these machines for our sprout harvest last year and they work 60 % faster than a gang . 
  edit : will try to answer any questions . 
  a 23st ( 146kg ) goalkeeper nicknamed the `` roly-poly-goalie '' . 
  only in the uk . 
  i 'm brimming with patriotism right now . 
  oxford university refute the claim . 
  `` we have received constructive & helpful proposals from eu colleagues since the brexit vote . 
  we are not , however , pursuing a campus overseas '' . 
  [ source ] ( https://twitter.com/uniofoxford/status/833621736084107265 ), 
  impressive , too !, 
  i can thank the greek air force for the best aerial display i have ever had the fortune of seeing . 
  i went on a family holiday to a village on your ionian coast . 
  one day , we hired a small motorboat . 
  we were a mile or two off the coast when we heard ( and felt ) this almighty roar . 
  two f-4 phantoms screeching 10-15ft above the surface of the waves , with next to no space between them . 
  they passed us , and then violently shot a few thousand ft into the air at a 90 \u00b0 angle . 
  we were the only boat in the water at that time , and i think they were using us as target practice . 
  they kept diving down on us , only to pull up at the last moment . 
  this went on for 3-4 minutes . 
  they then finally shot off towards italy , resuming their low altitude flight . 
  the f-4 is one of my favourite aircraft , and the confidence of your pilots was awesome . 
  i would actually say that metric units are preferred these days , although different foodstuffs are bought in different units . 
  you would buy a 1.5 l bottle of apple juice , but a 4 pint bottle of milk . 
  you would buy 500g of nuts , but 16 oz . 
  of beef . 
  mechanical engineer here . 
  european standards are used in the uk , so we work with litres , meters & millimeters . 
  i 've only used imperial measurements when designing machinery for use in america . 
   i love the brits , they are just like us . 
  get shithoused drunk , pick up some girls and then horrify people within earshot . 
  sounds about right . 
  the first time i went to vegas i heard some shouting in the corridor outside my hotel room . 
  i went outside to see what was happening , and saw a guy from leeds , uk drinking lager from a traffic cone , surrounded by americans shouting `` chug it , chug it '' . 
  we then hit the strip together and got fucking smashed . 
  one of my american cousins served in the us marines between 2007 and 2012 . 
  meeting with the guys he served with makes me even more appreciative of the closeness of our two countries . 
   they can definitely drink better than the japanese but the koreans beat everyone . 
  til, 
  i would rather we maintain our convenient pluralistic approach to food labelling . 
  having family in the usa , i 've visited the country at least once a year since birth . 
  i 've heard so many kind words said about our troops by american servicemen/ex-servicemen whilst over there . 
  i was in sacramento last summer , when a guy who 'd served in the gulf war offered to buy my meal because of the ` suicidal ' stuff he 'd seen british troops do during the conflict . 
  the kindness of these people is just one of the hundreds of reasons why i 'm an americophile . 
  a common misconception . 
  english sparkling wines are recognised as some of the finest produced . 
   a spokesperson for the ministry of defence rejected the figures . 
   `` these figures are wrong : nato 's own figures clearly show that the uk spends over two per cent of its gdp on defence , '' he said . 
  i sincerely hope they 're correct . 
  i have always thought we should strive to invest at least 2.25 % on our armed forces , so this news is deeply disappointing . 
  in this age of instability , we need to reassure our closest allies of * our * commitment to * their * defense . 
   i do n't suppose you know anyone who knows how to properly aim a cannon ? 
  i once played laser tag . 
  * united in diversity * . 
  i work for a company which designs and manufactures excavation and mining machinery . 
  we recently sold two machines to an american mining company which plans to utilise them in french guiana . 
  we had planned to hold several joint meetings with the american company and a french mechanical engineering company in paris , but the americans declined the proposal , citing the terrorist threat . 
  they would only agree to a meeting in either london or houston . 
  you do n't need me to tell you that many american media outlets over-egg the terrorism threat , and people believe it . 
  [ guardian article - ` ecuador presidential hopeful promises to evict julian assange from embassy ' . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/feb/09/ecuador-julian-assange-embassy-notice-eviction ), 
  our great grandparents really fucking trolled us good and proper . 
   i wish brits the very best . 
  what a very nice thing to say !, 
  thank you , the message is reciprocated with the warmest regards . 
  that 's one of the many reasons why i hope they do n't leave . 
  quite astoundingly , cameron and many of those in his cabinet disliked her for her maturity . 
  he reportedly mocked her plain persona , lack of humour , keen work ethic and deep pragmatism . 
  he wished to see osborne succeed him , but may was seen by many as the more sensible , quietly capable choice . 
  what union splitting game are we , the united kingdom , playing ? 
  from my perspective , may has done a * very * good job of distancing herself from trump 's goal of dismantling the european union . 
  since becoming pm , she 's stated on several occasions that a strong eu is good for the uk . 
  when she met with trump she reportedly stressed the importance of the eu . 
  only a few days ago in malta she stated that the uk would build strong relations with the eu and that you could count on us to be a steadfast friend and ally . 
  that 's a mile away from ted malloch 's `` maybe we should tame the eu '' , no ? 
  whilst i do n't for one minute agree with your sentiment , i did , for the first time in my life , see both ` independence for england ' and ` english home rule ' posters glued to the back of traffic signs outside of york earlier today . 
  is that ` swedish chef ' from the muppet show with a companion wearing a raincoat ? 
   i mean seeing how majority of the brits are proud of the empire and how churchill was voted the greatest brit of all time , i would rather there were more perspectives that showed the ugly side of imperialism . 
  churchill is revered because of his wartime leadership . 
  his views of the indigenous peoples across africa and the indian subcontinent , and the treatment they should be afforded , were appalling , but the man also dealt massive blows to the nazi regime . 
  without his steadfastness , europe could very well still be dominated by fascism . 
  anyway , here 's to the roi and a free europe . 
  if i had the luxury of choosing my opponent , they would be easy to read . 
  they do n't get any easier to read than ted malloch . 
  trump is never going to put a europhile in brussels , so i 'd rather contend with somebody who neatly lays everything out on the table than someone who would play a game of cloak and dagger . 
   i love how the truth gets downvoted , it shows allot of bitterness and propaganda has poisoned peoples minds . 
  i think more than anything it demonstrates how differently most brits view the eu to those who live elsewhere within it . 
  we were in it almost exclusively for the trading benefits . 
  any notions of a single european identity and closer political integration were either unthinkable or deeply undesirable . 
  they 've always been far more emotionally invested in the european project than we ever have , so the hysterical outpourings on their part are understandable . 
  i think there 's a real ` you are either with us or against us ' mentality amongst many on the continent , and given their history it 's not hard to see why . 
  given time , we will put this mentality to bed and prove that a state outside of the eu can stand beside them as a reliable and trusted friend and close trading partner . 
  this is made all the more poignant with the recent discovery of an irish terrorist infiltrating the royal marines and siphoning explosive materials . 
  you 've not taken the obligatory tea breaks into consideration . 
  the eu are currently cooperating with several other nations and organisations , so i ca n't see why the uk would be any different . 
  i did n't say it will make cooperation * more * likely either . 
   maybe `` agenda '' is misleading , but i mean uk 's brexit votum did n't made them look like a country to build bridges .
