  of course every dictators first victims are within his own borders ... 
  he also only wants justice for himself, 
  if car would be really suspicious of american preachers lord knows i sould understand their logic very well indeed . 
  alas , i am not central african aand hence ( blindingly obviously ) care less about that . 
  also , i am ignorant but you think islam is a race ? 
  maybe it does . 
  events matter after all . 
  yet that does not mean one should not react to reality ( duh ) . 
  right now muslims seem the angriest , but perhaps at some point china gets nazi style nationalism or something and wants to murder all non-asians . 
  i have a hard time seeing that happen , but that would admittedly put them at '' # 1 '' . 
  but so far none has , and muslims hold the throne quite securely . 
  and sure we have bombed them , but the common theme in violent struggles these days is islam , not the west ( they are fighting with china , russia , india and pretty much every country they border ) . 
  the degree of hostility surely matters . 
  sheesh i guess next you 'll rank china being anti-democracy as similar to isis being theocratic too . 
  perhaps antithetical would be a better word . 
  i do n't think i agree with isis on a single god damn thing where i expect that i agree with the elites of china and russia on approximately 80 % of stuff . 
  now , i 'm not exactly happy about that 20 % , but it 's a hell of a lot better than isis ( and the culture it stems from ) with which i could really take my life guidance from doing whatever they do n't do . 
  naah i definitely despise actually aggressive monotheists more than anyone else . 
  slightly less if they somehow perceive me in their `` in '' group ( or i worry less about them anyway ) . 
  proper hardcore muslims and orthodox jews ( if you have read on the shit they so in israel ... ) are definitely the last i would want in . 
  religion is definitely worse and more dangerous than mere criminality which generally just wants money . 
  that is the danger . 
  let this simmer long enough and we will eventually get a super charismatic populist who promises to solve this , who will to the shock of practically none win a major election . 
  why ? 
  while not all muslims push mass market ideas hostile to the west , all people that push mass market ideas hostile to the west are muslim . 
  clearly we need to better calculate the roi of letting more of them in . 
  that said , i have nothing against opening our borders more generally for , say , chinese immigration . 
  the comparison i was responding was n't moving on the `` suspect '' dimension , but on the `` jihadi '' dimension ( commie , fascist etc ), 
  lifetime in jail is too harsh , i was n't commenting on the duration . 
  merely that if you 're coming home from a warzone , you should expect consequences . 
  surely 2-3 years of extensive surveillance and having to report to the government regularly would be completely reasonable . 
  same logic as applies with airplane security checks . 
  that 's an evil act potentially of terror , but it sure as fuck is n't asymmetric warfare . 
  or do you think someone will drive a mobile sam platform to western europe ? 
  you would think even a relatively sloppy border guard would notice something . 
  association ? 
  sure . 
  suspicion just results in enhanced surveillance . 
  i think it 'd be perfectly fine to advertise this too , and i would totally understand it . 
  if i visited syria right now ( particularly if i 'm muslims ) i would have to submit to more intense scrutiny . 
  it 's a very sensible thing and hardly something new . 
  hell , i endure so much more to get on an airplane than when i get on a car , but it 's because the history there is full of danger that i tolerate the extra security . 
  same thing for people that go to syria right now . 
  especially young muslim males . 
   why ? 
  what does `` suspected commie '' warrant ? 
  or `` suspected fascist '' ? 
  what about fn voters ? 
  because most jihadis have declared war on the west to a point where declaring you 're a jihadi is basically a personal declaration of war on the west . 
  none of the others have done anything like that . 
  if you associate with a movement that declares war on a party , you ** really ** should n't be shocked if that party then treats you with rather unkindly . 
  if some communist ( or fascist ) organization declares war on , say , germany , then people who proclaim their support for such an organization should probably expect rather unpleasant treatment as well . 
  that actually would make a fair bit of sense . 
  i would actually be shocked if your military and/or secret services do * not * have a prison there . 
  hell , winter is coming , so it 'll be just plain cozy in there too , so not like anyone can complain . 
  ones that have been suspected of terror activities . 
  until someone from russia or ukraine commits terror , it 'll be the middle east and middle east alone that has earned this treatment . 
  feet on the ground that stay there you mean . 
  simply targeting positions , landing troops , killing all isis members and retreating would work reasonably well . 
  never get caught there . 
  just make sure that if there 's an isis stronghold somewhere - especially one without any civilians in it - surround it and do n't let anyone live . 
  keep doing this . 
  even in the worst case scenario isis gets a lot more recruits , but at least these people are being killed off by the military then . 
  and we 'd keep the military in practice and could test a lot of weapons tech over there like the new lasers etc. 
  yea and bill clinton was active then . 
  most of hillary 's career has been after that though , with her power formally spiking during obama 's tenure when she got to decide on bombing countries etc. 
  so i understand why bill would be associated with the 90s , but i just do n't understand why hillary would be . 
  she has been in govt the whole time , so why would she be associated with the 90 's ? 
  it has to do with the fact that no us politician has really been true to their word for a while . 
  looking at actions it is pretty much all the same , and the american population is pretty upset about some stuff where `` the establishment '' is 100 % aligned between gop and democrats ? 
  the more the merrier !, 
  hang the fucker !, 
  patriot act ? 
  think of the children !, 
  drug laws ? 
  did you already forget the children ? 
  military adventures ? 
  sure , that is what we have it for . 
  the approach to authority axis is not represented well by the left-right axis in the us , and people are looking for those that would be more against the authoritarian creep - a mold both paul and sanders fit . 
  less insidious . 
  kill the right family and the whole population will snap out of it quite quickly . 
  religion is stickier . 
  hitler invading hell and all that . 
  isis has managed to create an aura for itself where i 'd cheer north korea attacking it . 
  the trials and tribulations of relevance . 
  ataturk also knew that you had to do both of them . 
  be a democratic reformed , and swing a really big stick that you have used to beat a few people to death in front of everyone so people know you 're serious . 
  unfortunately i really ca n't see strong change coming otherwise to the middle east . 
  frankly , it 's the us 's problem . 
  it might have a gargantuan stick , but everyone knows it wo n't really go nuts with it directly which makes the stick kind of meaningless . 
  ataturk or even assad ( who basically fucked up a whole city to get rid of rebellious islamists who had gathered there like some sort of valentine 's day massacre writ large ) made sure people did n't dare conspire against them unless they were really sure . 
  none is saying he ca n't say what he saying , merely that it is basically either moronic or evil ( read : whole hearted support for imperialism ), 
  not really i fear . 
  anyway , you guys are so materialistic . 
  european values include taking over countries on sheer principle , not just because of money !, 
  on a more serious note , establishing a peaceful corner in syria would be quite humanitarian on many , many level . 
  restricting the free flow of population is already a thing so not letting just anyone walk in would be perfectly reasonable and you could just completely filter out guns in the area while helping set up a functioning government from the ground up . 
  nothing is a suicide pact . 
  it 's not a religious test - i 'd be happy for that to be done with anyone coming in , with the attack being on something they hold dear , be it critique of communism , christianity ( some of those people banning gays in africa ) , islam or hell , capitalism ( americans ! ), 
  the point is you have to be able to criticism without wanting to resort to violence .
