  for that hot currency drop and economic chaos ? 
  call an election . 
  labour back benches clearly want this already , which is why they want corbyn out . 
  with corbyn out labour would join the lib dems saying that they will ignore the earlier referendum . 
  and there we go , that election will be a de facto second referendum - ukip/tory for out , lib dem/labour for in . 
  corbyn just has to go before that really works . 
  we 'd definitely want london . 
  hell , my favorite city on the whole planet and i 've been to a great many by now . 
  nothing wrong with scotland either , especially with the cultural bonds with the nordic countries . 
   til : scots still feel like subjugated slaves . 
  you sound like this is ridiculous ( and i agree that it is ) , but majorities in england and wales just moaned about being subjugated slaves to brussels ... 
  yup , that is 100 % my impression of the battle around corbyn . 
  it 's all about labour wanting to remain and to have an election right now , but corbyn is kind of ok with what 's happening . 
  a lot of people seem to think it 's blairites going after him for being too left wing , but i 'm pretty sure it 's all about the brexit and a lot of people in labour feeling this is a great chance to get in government if they have an election this year as a second referendum on the eu . 
  the way it can work is this : 1 ) no one wants to step up to the conservative leadership and they decide to call an election 2 ) lib dems have already said they are remain . 
  labour probably would go `` remain '' as well . 
  tories would * love * to go remain , but kind of ca n't . 
  ukip obviously is for brexit . 
  3 ) second de facto referendum . 
  if labour + lim dems form a government , that 's a vote for remain . 
  this is the best way to democratically sort this out in my opinion , though uk * will * have burned considerable political clout with this . 
  still , in this scenario it can be massively thrown on the tories while saying basically that more sane people got voted in after that madness ( which is polite fiction - tories are n't particularly mad or labour particularly sane - but one that would work ) . 
  i actually do n't see how the uk could leave if that happened . 
  they can wuss out and call an election as a way out . 
  in which case one party has to bite the bullet and support brexit ( probably conservatives ) , allowing a labour/lib dem victory to kill this earlier vote by effectively making it a dual referendum . 
  and eu is perfectly within its rights ( well , there are no rights , only power , at this level of politics ) offering sweet deals to any area of uk that is willing to declare independence . 
  mainly thinking scotland here , but also ni . 
  of course there is . 
  farage , boris et al can be treated differently from lib dems and scots who like the eu . 
  the lib dems and scots can decline preferential treatment of course , but that 's their decision . 
   ontop of that , this goes against what jcj said about no negotiations before article 50 . 
  i think that was aimed at team brexit . 
  none wants to negotiate with them . 
  negotiating with others from the uk is fine . 
  they can get guarantees and an understanding which will allow the scottish exit from the uk to be debated on an informed base , rather than on hopes . 
  except she massively , massively fucked up with syria and brexit almost certainly would not have happened without it . 
  she has her good sides , but a great leader she most certainly is not . 
  just me aggressively disagreeing with his views . 
  i would actually have some respect for him for `` b '' . 
  i 'd just never vote for him . 
  which people know , but are still patriotic , which means that there 's a very easy and logical political move on the table : show some patriotism . 
  it 's an easy winner and the ones usually waving that flag are really not popular right now . 
  the fact he has n't could be caused by two things : a ) he 's an absolutely idiot b ) he finds patriotism so distasteful that even if he could move 5 % of the voting populace with it , he ca n't make himself do it both of these options would make me less likely to vote for him were i in the uk , and i would expect the natives to react similarly . 
  first of all - thanks for having a rational comment that , while it does n't agree with the circlejerk - adds significantly to the debate . 
  am i understanding you correctly when you 're saying basically it was an `` ethnic cleansing-off '' which turkey won , which means that turkey ended up committing genocide , but had ataturk not been around , it might have ended up going the other way with armenians cleansing `` their '' areas of turks ? 
  i have seen no proof to disprove this , nor do i consider it inconceivably unlikely . 
  any armenian mind swinging in with some responses ? 
  ( i think you should still apologize , but if what you say is true , so should armenia )  if any turk debates against this just frame them as barbarian turks . 
  some will , and i 'm sorry about that . 
  but seriously you 're the first one i 've seen trying to debate it . 
  the ones that wave flags and yell `` fuck germany '' are hard * not * to call barbarian turks if that 's what passes for `` debating '' among them . 
  historically speaking russia is a better ally than turkey . 
  hell , the modern west was essentially allied with russia for hundreds of years keeping islam back and then pushing it out of europe . 
  the fact that we did n't get along that well for the last 100 years is the exception , not the rule . 
  because erdogan seems to get angry pretty easily , though i imagine he cares more about things aimed at him than about things aimed at turkey ( if those two entities are still separate in his mind ) . 
  in any case it is exactly the sort of thing he deserved with his ridiculous `` do n't mock me '' nonsense . 
   incite people to racism what does this mean ? 
  if i say that i 'm not sure that people from all parts of the world share genetic abilities , am i inciting racism ? 
  if i make a joke about black guys having big dicks am i inciting racism ? 
  and since idiots have declared that islam is a race , presumably saying that it 's a load of bullshit is definitely inciting racism ( oh and the old testament is clearly bullshit as well , so i 'm also being antisemitic i suppose ) . 
   denying or grossly trivialising crimes against humanity , genocide or war crimes `` trivializing crimes against humanity '' ? 
  this seems like someone is going to jail for a holocaust joke !, 
  look at how far freedom has come ... and yes , that freedom of expression bit at the end is conciliatory , but i still find everything about this appalling . 
  only thing i would be for that if we 're at war with a someone ( isis , militant islam ) , preaching for the enemy need not be tolerated in our midst . 
  pretty sure you were n't allowed to play around in a ss uniform in london in 1942 either , and i do n't hold that against the brits . 
  hitchens was brits at their finest . 
  quite a loss . 
  yeah to me the telling bit is that even with this hindsight and the level of interest in the area , none has been able to say anything except `` well , the current way is wrong '' . 
  what 's the fucking right way ? 
  running it all from istanbul ? 
  no borders at all ? 
  i suppose that has been argued , but if you want to be a single state , do n't join losing sides in world wars . 
  anyway , if two countries now proposed to merge it 's not like anyone would really stop them . 
  hell , syria and egypt tried . 
  funny how that never actually happened . 
   did russia create a bunch of jealous little states and pit minorities against majorities in these states and arm them to the teeth ? 
  uh , in many places , yes ? 
  ( `` arm them to the teeth '' being subjective , but the soviets/russians have certainly given weapons to people ), 
   man , the `` christian world '' is not `` cornered '' in europe . 
  past tense dude . 
  europe looked to the seas because it got locked in a corner ( besides russia ) . 
  european history was massively impacted by the muslim empires , probably * still * more so than christian empires have impacted the middle east ( though it 's fair enough to say that we 're about to catch up and there 's nowhere in site for the pendulum to start going the other way ) . 
  threat of muslim invasion was probably * the * driving political reality from 750 to the second siege of vienna . 
  actual permanently occupying invasion risk from europe on the arab world was maybe 1700 to 1945 , less than a third of the time period . 
  none is saying things were handled perfectly , but they were handled the same way they were everywhere else in the world more or less , but the middle east is the greatest mess by a fair margin . 
  resource curse seems the most likely culprit , as other resource rich places tend to have issues too ( see : the congo ) . 
  well they did fail at solving the problem , but solving it would have been an absolutely incredible performance that none * even with the benefit of a century of hindsight * has figured out should have been done . 
  so it 's fair to say that while they did n't solve everything , blaming them for there not being peace in the middle east is ridiculous . 
  still patronizes them hell of a lot less than those who think that if eu and us should solve their issues for them . 
  or that they 're not responsible for their issues because - to include the subtext - the adults made the mess , and we 're sorry the children have to suffer from it . 
  and no true scotsman has ever done anything wrong . 
  germany did select its government . 
  sure , not half +1 of the total population , but that 's excuses . 
  nsdap was democratically elected and we feel perfectly fine judging them for that . 
  not even that excuses them . 
  history is perfectly capable of judging popular moves , and even withdrawing all sympathy from them in the context they occurred in ( though the latter is rare and has mainly been a big deal with the 20th century madnesses ), 
  perhaps . 
  but if erdogan wants to be our enemy as seems apparent , then hypocrisy stops being an issue . 
   is the urban rural split really bad in finland ? 
  it 's fairly bad really .
