  the discussion * should * happen . 
  i still find it pointed how many immigrants * do n't * have any problems , while everyone seems to focus on the few groups that do have adjustment issues . 
  i 'm a little appalled that oxfordshire ( where i live ) is n't darker red . 
  sure feels like it should be . 
  well they kind of did n't , but every time normen gained power somewhere they tended to declare independence ... be it in sicily or normandy . 
  still , i suppose england and normandy * are * wealthy , but sicily was n't done quite as well . 
  finland has all sorts of incentives to work with estonia . 
  this ranges from buying homes to hiring employees and ultimately often outsourcing functions once the relationship has become a familiar enough one . 
  small countries are nice because they 're non-threatening in a way . 
  finland has a tiny population on a global scale , but even then we ca n't possibly imagine being overwhelmed by estonians , so fundamentally it 's easy to have a fairly open door policy with them ( especially knowing that sweden has a similar if not quite as close a relationship ) . 
  poland for example is so big that the bogeyman of being overwhelmed by millions of polish people taking all the jobs is not a completely ridiculous one ( like the czechs/estonians/slovenians doing the same would be ) . 
  pretty much . 
  finland and russia are the area where the ship borne violent madman fades to the horseman one . 
  who are just escaped mongol slaves i thought . 
  fair enough , he probably had some valuable information . 
  it 's really interesting though how some thoughts can be deep rooted . 
  i just can not wrap my mind around the idea that the russian government would care about a russian citizen . 
  there must be some other reasons like information or saving face . 
  i just can not make myself imagine they would do it for `` he 's our guy , we need to get him back '' type of reasons . 
  it is amazing how self centered some coutries could be . 
  joining nato to fuck over russia makes about as much sense as collaborating with the police to fuck over organized crime . 
  maybe people want some security and it is quite reasonable ? 
   pretty much religions absolutely contain violent and hateful tenets . 
  for sure . 
  yet christianity has been relegated from its central role in almost all the countries it could push such tenets . 
  this is kind of an open secret that very few people actually truly believe in what the bible says . 
  where christianity still has a super central role , it can be extremely dangerous ( go be gay in uganda , for example ) . 
  that being said , islam has a central role in a lot of countries still - far more so than christianity . 
   so why then , is it `` right '' to hate islam ? 
  `` hate '' is a bad word for the intellectual case . 
  obviously i for example do n't hate islam . 
  i think it 's a stupid and dangerous fantasy , but that 's not hate by any means . 
  islam is problematic because it has n't been neutered yet . 
   yes , there are islamic terrorists , but there are also violent christian , jewish , sikh , and countless other organizations . 
  the numbers speak for themselves though . 
  except perhaps when it comes to violent groups as % of population , where right now probably the jews are the most violent group . 
  however , there are a few mitigating factors : a ) i 'm western and hence not their target ( a selfish one to be sure ) b ) there are very few of them , which means that even if the percentage is really high , the absolute numbers are low  given the general messages we get through the media , yes , muslims are largely connected with the biggest world conflicts at the moment , but that hardly legitimatizes hatred towards them . 
  hatred is never warranted . 
  however , the whole thing does lend weight to the critique of islam . 
  well yes , and not only because they want to be . 
  it 's the most legitimate bandwagon to hitch their hate train on to , which has them doing it with absolute glee . 
  it 's a bit annoying because it obviously tarnishes the intellectual case against islam ( and all religions , really ) . 
  islam gets hated because of the activities done under its cover . 
  it 's kind of a downside of getting to be a super popular thing globally - you 'll be held responsible for atrocities that happen under your flag . 
  islam inspires bad behavior . 
  nationalism does too , when it goes wrong ( see : north korea , or more historically germany , japan et al ) . 
  so we 're now rather careful and suspicious of devout muslims or over-enthusiastic nationalists . 
  for good reason in both cases . 
  pretty sure not even 50 % of all muslims are arabs , so that makes it a bit tougher to associate muslim with arab . 
  of the 8 most populous muslim countries only 1 is arab ( egypt at # 5 with 80 million muslims ) . 
  that 's a whopping 80 million out of almost exactly 1 billion muslims in that top 8 . 
  whopping 8 % . 
  so saying being critical of muslims is anti-arab racism is just plain bizarre . 
   i sometimes wish that only those with some kind of formal economics training be allowed to become finance ministers ... 
  he has a phd from london school of economics . 
  granted not in pure economics , but i 'm going to guess that he knows plenty about economics and finance . 
  and for the record i agree with him . 
  yes , devaluing helps , but it 's kind of a pussy way out . 
  drop your salaries . 
  increase efficiency . 
  come up with a big idea , get it to start working , loan some money and make it big . 
  yea sure inflation helps , but finland could just plain use some good companies that could sell product . 
  the good old nordic state backed capitalism needs to find a winner again and we 're good , especially with so much potential to stimulate * once * we find something good to spend stimulus money on . 
  do n't stimulate for the sake of stimulating though . 
  that 's the unfortunate way out , and one that condemns europe to irrelevance . 
  there 's two options : a ) make europe a better currency area b ) kill the currency area i 'd much prefer a , but this has a few pretty big things attached to it . 
  first of all , eu would basically need taxation rights and a rather massive budget it could use for stimulus . 
  say , $ 50-200bn of free invesmtent cash flows every single year that the eu could use wherever it was needed . 
  secondly , eu needs to declare for a common language that has to be supported everywhere so that labor can more easily follow jobs . 
  these are the two differences that allow the usd to work while eur struggles . 
  what 's wrong with wikipedia ? 
  i sure as hell do not want my money spent on coddling people who go a step further from sticks and stones all the way to `` stuff written not even about me '' . 
  maybe someone can make an i-trigger-easily app that people can then use . 
  and maybe some wealthy philanthropist can donate soft rooms with play dough or whatever that the app could guide the poor souls to these if they see someone wearing purple ( which triggers them by reminding them of western imperialism via the roman empire ) or whatever the fuck might be triggering them . 
  then check out the wikipedia entry before reading . 
  not that hard . 
  yup . 
  putting a war veteran to a lecture hall where occasionally armed taliban looking people with ak-47s would peek through the windows and someone would fire a gun every few days ... well yea ok if your class is like that , i agree that a trigger warning might be sensitive . 
  if not ... 
  it 's like comparing the ss and the sa . 
  there are huge difference , but if you are in their out group those really do not matter much . 
  it 's huge in life sciences and growing fast in robotics . 
  just look up how much market cap vertex and biogen have created between the two of them in the last year . 
  i assume this is german sarcasm . 
  what 's this then : on september 24 , 1957 president dwight d. eisenhower federalized the entire arkansas national guard in order to ensure the safe entry of the little rock nine to little rock central high school the following day . 
  governor orval faubus had previously used members of the guard to deny the students entry to the school . 
  i mean i suppose you can say that he did n't send federal troops blahblah , but i 'm pretty sure you 'd admit that this is rather along the spirit of what i was saying . 
  dc wanted guns on the street -  dc got guns on the street . 
   i did n't claim the eu was a closer union than the us , but if you think the us is a unitary state dressed up as a federation , you 're not well informed . 
  the us is a federal state in a classical sense . 
  there are plenty of such elsewhere , including in europe ( see : germany , or in its way , the united kingdom ) . 
  however , the eu really is n't that , and it 's stuck in some sort of halfway house between the un and a federal national . 
  history will tell whether it 's possible to exist in the twilight zone - lord knows none has done it in the past . 
   the federal government absolutely can not force montana to exit the union . 
  it does n't need to , because it can just tell montana exactly what to do , and if montana disagrees , it can send troops on the streets without breaking any laws nor causing a too massive outcry ( see : end of segregation in the south ) . 
  eu has a fraction of the tools at its disposal . 
   our state governments though are pretty much independent of the federal government far , far less independent than the nation states of europe though . 
  and that 's fine , the upside of that is totally worth it , but lets not try to claim that the us is n't a lot closer union than the eu . 
  they do , but they can also for example send citizens of those poor states to die outside the borders of the usa if every representative of said poor state voted against it . 
  oh and they can raise taxes on those states .
