  south korea is n't exactly iraq - it has plenty of perfectly capable indigenous industry for all the key construction . 
  the problem is just the sheer scale of the problem which will be very similar in scale to east germany ( except south korea is considerably smaller than west germany was pre-unification , and still fundamentally less wealthy ) . 
  halliburton ai n't much in a $ 1-2tn project ... 
  i think such responsibility should be universal - i do n't like it being china/russia as that heavily plays in to the whole `` spheres of influence '' thinking that will cause trouble in the long run . 
  and making us be world cop all over the place is n't that much better . 
  that being said , i think eu would play serious second fiddle to us/sk and potentially japan , who will probably have killed the nk leadership before even our aircraft would start arriving . 
  still , it 's a nice gesture to send couple hundred airplanes to japan to help pummel the nk army in case it 's actually still a functioning force ( it 'll surely have tons of people alive , but will it have a command organization around ? ) . 
  this 'll get us some good testing of a few weapons systems with frankly fairly minimal risk . 
  of course the reconstruction will be almost exclusively financed by sk , but we should offer a helping hand to help them with the immediate war damage ( after which they would get as much help with nk as germany got with east germany , which is not all that much ) . 
  time to go short on samsung, 
  yes , but english is already the language of business and science . 
  it 's kind of absurd having politics floating around being inefficient on the side . 
  esperanto or something would be truly absurd because it 'd just throw a huge hurdle at the best educated parts of the eu population that might not consider politics their first calling ( but who are top of the line scientists , entrepreneurs , whatever , and as such speak native level english ) will be excluded from the political process . 
  it 's pretty much english or bust , unless you have an idea for how to change the language of science & business ( global ) as well . 
   if the claims were strong , i mean , if they were 100 % certain i was n't referring to the certainty . 
  100 % strong claim of ownership is pretty much only available if you made it out of raw materials you dug up and none else ever had any use for them . 
  from that perspective britain has a perhaps 90 % claim on the falklands , which might be better than the brits have on england ( there is a case to be made for celtic rule , if a terrible one , but it 's a hell of a lot more legitimate than some spanish dude playing around with maps ) . 
  i 'd say spain has a 1-5 % claim and israel is toying around with a maybe 30 % claim to jerusalem . 
  yes , actually it 's very hard for me to think of a better claim than england has on the falklands - practically all other territories have been contested at one time or another in a legitimate way ( you know , swapped hands , been colonized by both parties , choice of language is an interesting question etc. . . see sicily for example ) . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  all of your arguments are based on the deeds of past generations . 
  or do you think it was yesterday that buenos aires got dropped where it is ? 
  if the past deeds of the british in colonizing the falklands do n't count , then surely the past deeds of founding buenos aires ( or , for that matter , rebelling against spain ) by the argentinians of the past do n't count either . 
  the status quo prevails unless there 's a compelling god damn reason to change it . 
  and `` we want it '' and `` it 's close ! '', 
  are compelling reasons . 
  my schadenfreude warmed me up nicely, 
   `` the island was argentina 's property '' . 
  pretty sure it never was . 
  it was spanish property at one point , but non-enforced since none really populated it . 
  spain had a stronger claim on california to be sure , and none seems to think that us should give up california to mexico or spain . 
  so there 's spain with highly questionable claim to the islands , and argentina with a way worse one . 
  i bet next you 'll point out that pope gave it to spain as something someone should give a fuck about . 
   it 's one of these anachronisms like gibraltar , melilla , ceuta , hawaii , israeli settlements in palestine and every other colony , or even the usa . 
  do n't forget argentina itself from this list . 
  uk would probably prevent them landing if they tried to colonize it now . 
  argentina could have supposedly done it back when , but it 's way too goddamn late now . 
  certainly in this case the brits did n't kill anyone on the falklands . 
   or are you jsut generally refering to spanish of 15 century colonizing south and central america ? 
  just generally referring to that . 
  it was inhabited by other people who somehow now seem to be a magical minority . 
  saying that nothing untoward happened to usher this result seems ... disingenuous at best . 
  happy to hear it was us and sweden that started overturning the silliness that is trying to keep french as an important language . 
  pretty and quite useful ? 
  sure . 
  no fucking way . 
  ok sure , but why could n't they ( after this temporary neutrality ) choose to join whatever country they want ? 
  i do n't see how and with what right anyone could stop that . 
  the islands are now inhabited so the 20,000 chinese people ca n't exactly just come there without permission . 
  however , if those islands were uninhabited and undefended and 20,000 chinese people migrated there , surely it could be a part of china especially if the people there wished to be part of china . 
  why the fuck not ? 
   fuck this pro-birtish sentiment here , its fucking less than 3000 people , not even a city , just a small rular town . 
  and one that the brits have . 
  and brits did n't even massacre locals and steal it from people like the argentinians did for their own land . 
  i do n't see why argentina should be rewarded for looting and pillaging by giving them rights to loot and pillage more . 
  i realize stealing other people 's land must be thoroughly built in to the culture , but that does n't mean we have to tolerate it . 
  i 'm certainly pro-british enough about this to 100 % support eu as a whole declaring war on argentina if they invade . 
  and may we fuck them up good , and not just sink their fleet like the overly kind brits did . 
  why is geographical location important ? 
  it 's british people on a british ruled location that is perfectly well connected to britain . 
  do you really get to confiscate land from other people just because it happens to be closer to your capital ? 
  well in case it 's not really my house ( since i did n't build it ) but more of a cave . 
  and i had n't * actually * ever lived there . 
  actually , i 'm not sure why i 'm even talking about myself , it was my grandfathers grandfathers grandfather who wrote down that he saw the cave . 
  now some squatters whose grandparents grandparents moved in to the cave and actually built some houses think that the cave is theirs . 
  uh , fair enough ? 
  to play true devils advocate , i ** do ** understand the argentinian point . 
  and it is legitimate to a degree , but to not be hypocritical the proper anti-colonial approach is this : argentine gets the falkland islands , but is forced to vacate mainland south america and return it to the native population . 
  if you have more than 25 % european in your blood you have to move from mainland to the falklands . 
  i do hope britain offers this reasonable deal to argentina . 
  to be fair the mali operation probably costs next to nothing when you consider the fact that those troops would be training anyway and huge amounts of things like missiles/bombs have to be decommissioned or used every year . 
  i think the most fundamental reason is that there is no embedded elites in the nordic countries . 
  sweden comes closest ( there 's some * old * money in there ) , but the elites are n't significant enough in size to form a bubble where they just reinforce each others prejudices ( see : us country clubs , bars near wall street , city of london ) . 
  this means that there is n't anyone trying to manipulate the situation to their own advantage as there 's no culture among the masses of doing this ( largely because fucking around with shared activities was unhealthy in a frozen tundra back in the 14th century - getting chucked out of the city in greece was a breeze by comparison ) . 
  now without anyone in politics * for themselves * ( i 'm sure some are , but it is very rare ) and echo chambers not really existing ... well , the situation is already very good . 
  oh to be sure , we have complete idiots in politics . 
  hell , we probably have * more * idiots in politics than most places , but i think i 'll take the idiots over clever sociopaths ( who would quickly form an echo chamber and it 'd all start going downhill ) . 
  the whole topic is interesting because in a way it goes against the premise of eu by pointing out the benefits of small units . 
  however , eu need not interfere with these benefits as long as the central operation merely does things like standardization , foreign politics , military and * expensive * science . 
  that gets best of both worlds , but one has to keep an eye out to avoid the eu accidentally morphing in to the worst of both worlds - killing the benefits of the small units without gaining the benefits of the centralized operation . 
   precisely because all the non-local locals ( i.e. 
  the other migrants ) tend to stick to their own circles , because most of them have rather rudimentary language skills are you sure you 're not missing out on several ethnic migrant circles because their language skills are * not * rudimentary . 
  in london for example there are significant numbers of migrants from nordic countries , the subcontinent , germany , usa , the colonies etc. 
  all of these have the basic expat problem that they do n't have their friends around them and are n't entirely familiar with the culture . 
   it is not that they are closed-minded , it is that for example we did not grow up on the same sitcoms so we do not understand the same jokes , and so on , it is just awkward , not as much fun . 
  this is a reasonable point . 
  it 's funny though how it implies a larger meta-culture that is centered on the us & uk , but which is pervasive enough in australia/nz/south africa and much of northern europe ( and elites of middle east , india and russia i might add ) that the experience is fairly seamless . 
  i suppose if you 're on the outside of that meta-culture , you 'll have a harder time . 
  i suspect the internet is making that culture spread further and further out , absorbing parts of the new entrants unique cultures . 
  for example : russian crazy is a major thing on the internet . 
  ( i also find it fascinating how many mediterranean countries are actively avoiding this culture with low rates of participation on sites like reddit . 
  i feel it 's one of the reasons the northern europeans eye them suspiciously . 
  actually , it 'd be curious to see how much cultural affinity could correlates with relative rates of reddit participation per country ... it might make for a decent north/south proxy )  oh , and also because people usually want to find an so of their own ethnicity . 
  i 'm failing here . 
  i live in the uk with an american spouse :( being bilingual is extremely good for cognitive development , so i actually would have gone out of my way to make sure there were two languages taught as `` native '' to the kids ( and one of them being english is kind of a waste , as they 'll pick that up anyway ) . 
  as someone from a wealthy country living typically in other wealthy countries and strongly associating with them ( uk/usa ) , i strongly dislike ethnic clusters . 
  there 's really no way for them not to come off as a little subversive , and i dislike being in a place in my home country that does n't feel like my home country . 
  on a small scale this is fine , so for example a tiny chinatown is fine . 
  however , if the chinatown had 250,000 chinese in it , many of which did n't even know english ... whole different story . 
  anyway , why do you associate so much more with hungarians than the locals ?
