  finland is way far north , so basically the population just squats on the sw coast . 
  so roughly 10 % of the landmass there holds almost half the population . 
  they in turn are upset that the cities for the most part ignore the countryside where 50,000 is a major population center . 
  history plays a major role too . 
  finland was born in a civil war basically between the national coalition and the left alliance . 
  the national coalition won , but the conciliatory elements from both parties kind of gravitated to the agrarian coalition ( a right wing party not as involved in the civil war and the inevitable cruelties ) and the social democrats ( who were not suppressed like the actual communists ) . 
  the right was always going to control the presidency early on , but a lot of left leaning folk were not ready to vote for the national coalition , which resulted in the agrarian coalition winning the presidency as early as 1925 . 
  the national coalition was still in many ways the most powerful party , but it got tainted somewhat by its members flirting with fascism during the 1930 's . 
  the agrarian party was having none of it , and it was the right wing party that went * against * fascism . 
  the finnish populace sided against fascism and the national coalition had its worst election result ever in 1933 . 
  this led to it forming the first `` red soil '' ( punamulta in finnish ) government where the national coalition was excluded . 
  and of course , after ww2 the national coalition was in the penalty box as the evil capitalists that stalin pinned finlands evils on . 
  so right wing voters often gravitated for practical reasons to the center party just pragmatic old communists often gravitated to the social democrats . 
  the national coalition finally returned to government in 1987 because gorbachev was n't as hardcore as his predecessors . 
   this movement towards ` meta-politics ' of `` us '' against the system / the media what have you is quite spooky and frankly anti-democratic . 
  i 'm not particularly afraid for finland in this regard . 
  we told the fascists to go fuck themselves once , and after their near 20 % peak this new wave is being tossed out again . 
  though the government tends to get practical after these experiences , and i think finland is fairly harsh on the borders , and always has been ( so the whine was never that justified ) . 
   as if any party would neglect ` their own ' or not put their country first . 
  well . 
  to be fair , not everyone has a shared view of what `` their country '' is . 
  how global is germany 's role ? 
  how bad are muslims ? 
  germany at least fairly homogenic in many ways - helsinki vs lapland is like comparing hamburg to bloody north slope of alaska . 
  i mean one is a city with all the modern services and culture , and the other one is a frozen wasteland where a gas station cafeteria is kind of posh . 
  it can be hard to empathize with people whose lifestyle differs from yours quite that much , and the people tend to know it ( ditto hillary vs people in west virginia or wisconsin , though how they thought trump would be better is anyones guess ) . 
  nordic texas . 
  can buy guns very easily . 
  motto is `` life free or die '' . 
  cool place though , and a quite educated ( certainly compared to southern states with similar attitudes ), 
   i 'm probably not far away from you politically probably not , we have n't called each other names yet , which implies we probably are relatively pragmatic . 
  free market capitalism is a great engine for growth , yet a country should be judged by the living standards of those worst off in them . 
  oh and of course discrimination is bad , and discrimination by law is an absolute travesty . 
  the balance tends to float around how far people are willing to go for equality of outcomes , and with how long a transition . 
   i 'm sadly not very familiar with finnish politics but surely finland has a more reasonable option then the left or right as well . 
  people in the centre right to left spectrum should n't really start to fracture , these really are n't great times for us as it stands . 
  finland used to have a fairly stable trifecta of parties . 
  the social democrats . 
  these were often in power after ww2 , and in a way the main enemies of the soviet union because despite ideological agreements they resisted soviet domination . 
  so they 're definitely quite far left , but not idiots . 
  the urban left . 
  the national coalition . 
  the sort of classical liberal free trade party . 
  the urban right . 
  the center party . 
  used to be called the agrarian union or whatever . 
  basically the rural mostly right . 
  there was a small constellation of sidekick parties left alliance & green party ( the social democrats ) , swedish people 's party ( the national coalition ) and christian democrats ( alternating between the center party and the national coalition ) . 
  the social democrats have been in fairly steady decline for a while with sporadic upticks . 
  they were very much like us democrats in many of the worst ways , while the national coalition managed to usurp the `` tax payers party '' nickname . 
  the demographics also favor cities over the countryside so the national coalition was really ascendant with both social democrats and the center party losing ground . 
  this got a system shock with basically the death of christian democrats and the rise of `` the finns '' ( or `` the basic finns '' , which i find a better translation ) . 
  this is basically the xenophobic populist right . 
  it sucked quite a few votes from national coalition ( who also had been doing a fairly poor job actually running the country operationally - not an ideological issue but an executing one , but a legitimate one to lose elections over ) leading the last election results to be : 21.1 % center ( with refugees from nat coalition over incompetence ) 18.2 % nat coalition 17.7 % finns ( also having siphoned off tons of nat coalition votes ) 16.5 % social democrats ( having lost a lot of support to both nat coalition and the green party , but also some working class neighborhoods in bigger cities with to the finns ) 8.5 % green party 7.1 % left alliance 4.9 % swedish people 's party now , the choices are pretty lame . 
  the green party is really far left and the left alliance is literally communist . 
  so not really keen on those . 
  the social democrats are very much in bed with the unions and not in a good way . 
  their constant loss of votes in multiple directions has been well deserved . 
  then on the right the finns are obviously an aberration ( i 'm happy to say their support has dropped to 8.8 % as people have been seeing them bungle around in the government - the christian democrats seem to be getting resurrected by their loss ) , the center party is still mainly agrarian ( their main agenda always seems to be moving all the things from helsinki to the middle of fucking nowhere ) , i 'm not swedish finn and ... well ... there you are . 
  you end up at the main stream classical liberal free market party , which is the center of gravity of the finnish right . 
  i feel opinions play a stance here . 
  from some perspectives who have grown up viewing `` the right '' as a negative , the obvious truly right wing party is the finns with their xenophobia . 
  i really do n't see how that works out . 
  these people really endorse nationalism and massively `` taking care of our own '' ( talk about an ominous phrase ) . 
  that 's nationalism and socialism wrapped in to one quite alarming bundle . 
  hardly `` the right '' considering so many of their stances . 
   economic protectionism is what people are demanding right now yes they are . 
  and that 's really against what i stand for as someone that really likes free trade . 
  in the us it 's particularly bizarre - as a free market capitalist hillary was clearly the better choice ( then again i 'm a little uncertain who exactly trump was supposed to be a good choice for ) despite generally republicans being the free marketeers . 
   picking 150 years as a timeline is peculiar to say the least , because you seem to forget the two wars that threw us back into the stone age again . 
  ok well we can go back to the rise of capital owners and free markets i suppose . 
  maybe circa the glorious revolution ? 
  still looks pretty good . 
  i have no problems admitting the nationalism causes blood to flow . 
  it really does . 
  but so do other isms , with fascism and communism generally speaking managing to cause a lot of death without ever crossing borders . 
  islamism is doing the very same right now . 
  if i had to choose between nationalism and islamism , the choice is not hard though i 'd rather not have to choose . 
   if you 're a fan of market economies and what we 've come to know as western globalization the right is no place for you . 
  i do n't think you understand how loony left some parties in finland can be . 
  equality of outcomes is madness and will destroy everything we have built . 
  as will embracing todays most dangerous ism ( islamism ) . 
  i mean sure , christian backed fascism is also raising its ugly head again , but only because it feels challenged by islamism . 
  still , a very negative development that threatens to corrupt a lot of generally okay right wing parties . 
  fortunately in finland the `` idiot right '' went and formed their own party , where they can make idiots of themselves without dragging the actual pregmatic classical liberal free trade right in to the gutter with themselves . 
  an unfortunate side effect in a place like the us of the two party system is that the pressure built up and had to take over effectively the whole government before it could be dealt with . 
  while the basic finns managed to get a reasonably minor role in a government and make idiots of themselves without swinging trumpian power . 
   protectionism , nationalism and free markets do n't work greatly together . 
  free markets have dragged us from basically quasi-medieval slaves or child labor in coal mines to basically heaven on earth in around 150 years during which quite pointedly nationalism and free markets seem to do quite well . 
  nationalism and protectionism do not necessarily go hand in hand at all , though frankly protectionism is a sensible approach for up and coming economies ( while the stronger the economy , the more sense ultra free markets make , but that 's a highly selfish position by people in extremely productive economies , my german friend ) . 
  still sure , all eu ( certainly northern eu ) and anglosphere should be fans of free trade , and the vast majority of right wing parties are . 
  shit , the protectionism is ideologically a more left wing thing . 
  yet those `` not so sure about this '' ones are huge enablers of the core believers , who are often core believers because of the community . 
  deny the community critical mass and you end up with a shattered cult rather than a pervasive religion . 
  it is definitely worth a try . 
  somewhat semantic . 
  a religion without followers is a folk tale , not a religion , so if you get rid of the followers you kill the religion, 
  how are nationalist parties a problem for you if they have not actually done anything for you , but the side they are against makes it clear they would love to see you dead ? 
  how about we focus on making sure that our people trust the national government to look after their interest rather than sacrificing them on one altar or another ( right now the one in vogue is the polite fiction that middle east is culturally on the same level with the west ) . 
  we can help middle east perhaps more by pointing out to them how useless god is , rather than being hypocrites by laughing at our christians while praising devout muslims ( who i feel deserve at least as much scorn as the christians ),
