  reform their healthcare however they might want . 
  they get to dictate morality via the supreme court interpreting the constitution etc. 
  dc has a lot of power as the perk of having to make sure everyone 's taken care of . 
  very , very different setup from the one in europe . 
  i live in the us actually . 
  surely you 're aware of how much more power dc wields over us states compared to brussels and the nation states of europe ? 
  part of that grand bargain between the federal and state level is power going to the federal and collective guarantees ( and services ) heading down . 
  greece is trying to have only the good stuff . 
  huh ? 
  you do realize that washington dc has the power to do to montana pretty much exactly what northern europe wants to do to greece . 
  i 'm sure such control would make everyone far happier about bailing other states out . 
  why do you imagine germany would rule if there 'd be a structure similar to the us . 
  or do you feel california rules the united states ? 
  if not , why not ? 
  it 's a huge economy to be sure . 
  ( and if we went for united states of europe , i think a case could be made that the bigger countries would join at a state rather than national level to avoid the significant power differences . 
  so bavaria rather than germany ), 
  who has boycotted the greek economy ? 
  i might buy a greek product just to be supportive , but it turns out greece does n't actually really make anything ( might be linked to the financial difficulties ) . 
  the loans are n't imposed - greece could simply not need to ask for them . 
  and bankruptcy is bankruptcy . 
  they are welcome to declare it , but then they have to pass significant control over to the people who loaned them the money . 
  it 's not that complicated . 
  now i 'm all for forgiving much ( all ) of the debt via bankruptcy , but the consequence should be that the eu can rewrite some laws that will remove a lot of the worst rules and regulations in greece . 
  i think the trick is that we 're trying to get some reforms out of greece ( which has done very nearly 0 - just see how many of the promises of the first bailout have been delivered ) . 
  i would agree that after that we should forgive a significany chunk of the debt , but they simply do not seem to be even a little bit trustworthy and the corruption is baked in some deep that they wo n't uproot it even for debt forgiveness ( oh i 'm sure they 'd promise , but i 'm also equally sure that it 'd just be a lie that they woud not deliver on ) . 
  true i suppose . 
  greece is being bullied in a manner very similar to detroit . 
  new york state alone is at that , because a lot of the lenders sit in nyc . 
  that is basically a declaration of war , that would have to get stopped by the rest of the ez using any means necessary, 
  you missing the point where the greek people got to buy nice things with it ? 
  they can grexit, 
  do n't act as if germany is doing this unilaterally - a lot of the smaller countries are even harsher . 
  it 's like tying to blame california ( or washington dc ) for the war on terror . 
  do n't act as if germany is doing this unilaterally - a lot of the smaller countries are even harsher . 
  it 's like tying to blame california ( or washington dc ) for the war on terror . 
   why ? 
  why is debt relief that much outside of the question ? 
  listening to the speech and from what i understand , debt relief would be possible . 
  however , the greek economy would have to do some real reforms for it to feel like there 's a point . 
  it 's like an indebted gambling addict with a lot of debt from lost bets . 
  i mean maybe i pity and am willing to forgive a bunch of his debts , * but not if he 's still gambling '' !, 
  damnit but please show me you can stop gambling and then i might very well do it . 
  greeks might get the debt relief , but only by doing something positive including ending all those privileges in the country . 
  truly allowing competition in to a lot of the industries that are protected by and for the various current elites . 
  just balancing the government budget in a way that would allow the damn country to invest in itself ( rather than just paying pensions and salaries to its own employees ) etc. 
  without any of that , what 's the point of giving up on the debt ? 
  i mean that chronic gambler is fucked anyway , why give up the leverage ? 
  hell , you 're positively enabling him with his fucking gambling if you forgive it all right now . 
  which eu country are those guys from ? 
  pretty sure not finland . 
  yes , but it 's funny because it 's so narrowminded . 
  i 've seen this in the us too to a degree . 
  i 've been in rooms where people curse immigrations and the social ills and leeching they do while somehow totally spacing out that in boston or oxford , finnish people ( and my german friends who are often in rooms where this happen with me ) are immigrants . 
  there 's just kind of `` oh we do n't include you in that '' caveat . 
  alas , you do n't go through with that `` oh we do n't include you '' bit when it comes to laws because it 'd be hard to explain . 
  a lot of the best people in the uk are immigrants from places like usa , netherlands , germany , sweden , norway , france and finland . 
  it 's just that we `` do n't count '' and are n't really considered immigrants no matter how numerous ( see : the french in london ) and the immigration debate just rages about the damn romanians and pakistanis . 
  the sarcasm was meant to be fairly obvious . 
  only thing russian leaders are more likely to bombard than innocents outside their borders is innocents inside their borders . 
  as continents go , it 's kind of hard to say where `` east '' would be . 
  if you go from the atlantic to the urals , it 's certainly odd to say the czech republic is in the `` east '' for example . 
  well a russian leader would never do that , so riga must be safe . 
  there is also an element of scorn for the russian culture , particularly political culture . 
  racism kind of seems wrong because most finns have no problems with individual russians and most acknowledge that russia produces plenty of genius level people . 
  it 's just that you have to get them safely to silicon valley or somewhere else for them to become productive members of humanity . 
  this is why the uk has canada as a friend i suppose . 
  there 's land there , and it seems hard to imagine a situation where canada ( or the us really ) would prefer selling to the world market while letting the uk starve . 
  an event where canada does n't have enough agricultural land is just plain hard to fathom . 
  are you seeing a cultural impact from eu immigration that is somehow negative ? 
  i 've spent a lot of time in the uk and i 'd like to imagine i have n't ruined it * that * much . 
  then again i 've only interacted with a very small ( if critical ) subsection of the british population which seems quite welcoming of liberally oriented immigrants ( oxford-henley-city of london triangle ) . 
  i think most of europe would prefer london handling finances over the germans ( or french ) . 
  so if uk were to consider joining the euro some day , i think having the ecb moved to london would be perfectly reasonable as a condition . 
  only worry is i suppose that the uk really does n't seem to mind income differences on a level that northern europe would find unpalatable ( it never going bankrupt is probably good enough for southern europe at this stage ) . 
  yea london 's appeal has very little to do with the eu . 
  actually , from my personal perspective , the biggest thing that eu has done for london is it has allowed the easy immigration of some of the best talent from rest of europe . 
  this actually dramatically accelerated centralization in london , because it 's simply preferred as a location to both paris and frankfurt . 
  ( i say this as someone who still maintains a financial footprint of considerable size in the uk because i damn well like it , and my biggest problem with the uk exiting the euro would be that i should probably unwind that position due to my ability to be in the uk being reduced so dramatically ), 
  mmmh , google now recognizes basically everything i say . 
  it 's gotten to borderline magical where i can ask the most obscure shit and it gets all the words right . 
  it even got graeagle ( a place in california ) correctly , and i have no idea how to pronounce it . 
  must have been somewhat context sensitive as we were in the neighborhood , but impressive nonetheless . 
  i would disagree . 
  i think greece absolutely should default and stay in the euro . 
  i really do not understand why we are so fussy about default equaling grexit . 
  it is not like detroit was ejected from the usa for defaulting . 
  yes , greece will not get loans from anyone . 
  no fucking shit . 
  but that is fine enough as a few good things will happen . 
  greece immediately regains budget balance as its deficit of 3.5 % ( of gdp ) is overwhelmed by the savings of 5 % of its gdp from interest payments ( http://knoema.com/oecdeo95/oecd-economic-outlook-no-95-may-2014?tsid=1006760 ) 2 . 
  greece loses the ability to blame outsiders . 
  now it will all be on greece , with no rentiers to blame . 
  political power is concentrated . 
  if someone has a vision for greece , they only need the local political support to see it done . 
  a lot of potentially interesting visions would currently be diluted by the troika which is likely to play conservative . 
  now of course european lenders will lose money . 
  and i am probably one of those through various pension funds etc. 
  tough shit i say . 
  it is very much like the versailles treaty .
