  in a way i appreciate uk/france not succumbing to the hypocritical temptation to go `` oh my god america , how * could * you !? '', 
  of course , the rest of us have every right to boggle at what 's going on . 
   and when it 's revealed that every country in europe is doing the same thing ( or benefiting from our doing so ) , i will be first in line to receive your heartfelt apology for your rank hypocrisy . 
  no hypocrisy here . 
  i do n't think europe has lectured china about the hacking very much . 
  certainly not the uk , which is pretty much the top spy on the planet and people kind of generally accept that . 
  notice the lack of hypocrisy in this too : while the germans , nordics , eastern europeans etc are generally disapproving of this , there are some very pointedly silent countries in europe - uk and france being the top ones , but i have n't seen much from swedes either . 
  i do n't have anything against spying , though there should be limits to how much you spy on your friends ( if i was american i would n't be super happy to hear that , say , france had most us senators homes full of cameras up to and including their bedrooms ... how is that a friendly act ? ), 
   i do n't know why being anti-israel or anti-torture or anti-riaa would compel us to spy on you . 
  because these things typically come down to individuals . 
  you pick up and bully individual people who feel in a certain way . 
  think of it as the equivalent of meddling in us politics by fishing up suspicious material on say , elizabeth warren ( or rand paul for that matter ) . 
  my worry is that the us might be doing in eu what you worry the us might do to itself . 
  sure , you can just listen to what 's going on in congress/senate , but to make a difference you start influencing votes and elections by targeting individuals etc. 
  would you like it if , say , mi6 managed a smear campaign that got warran ousted ? 
  ( and this came out after she had resigned from the senate ) is this ok ? 
  that 's better at least . 
  it is all fine enough , but at least stop moaning about china hacking us companies . 
  doing that us embarrassingly hypocritical and i feel you undermine every westerners credibility in east asia . 
  also : spying on your friends is rude - the only motivations i can really see is either economic ( where we compete ) or areas of politics where we disagree ( us being generally pro-israel , pro-torture , pro-riaa etc ) . 
  not really wishing you lu k with any of that , and would support lifetime bans on visiting europe for all known nsa employees ( fairly meaningless of course , but let 's displeasure be known ), 
  i do n't see how anything you say is relevant to this . 
  we are n't comparing populations , we are n't comparing historical records . 
  us says that doing x to them is an act of war , and then proceeds to do x to others . 
  basically like the two of us talk , and then i say that if you ever spit on you , i will shoot you in your fucking face , after which i show you that i 'm indeed carrying a loaded gun . 
  and then i spit in your face . 
  a bit wtf , surely ? 
   instead start building european replacements to the big us internet behemoths . 
  the problem is that this is really fucking hard . 
  google , for example , is beyond competent , and full to the brim with europe 's best and brightest already . 
  coming up with a better competitor especially with all the network effects at play is borderline impossible at this stage . 
  what we could do is force google to split its european operation to an independent entity that can share software with its non-eu partner , but which can not have a legal relationship that would allow the us government to compel google.eu to do a god damn thing . 
  this would keep the good service while keeping the us big brother at bay . 
  of course it would be infuriating to google , fb etc as it would make things ridiculously complex , but such is life . 
  perhaps it is time to see if the online companies have the depth of pocket and popular support to actually stop the surveillance state gone wild . 
  yes , but those would be easy to ignore because they 'd know we were n't really serious about it . 
  every day zuckerberg sits in a jail cell in europe we know that the us press will be raising hell . 
  probably 2 weeks would work fine . 
  i thought a good fun one to pull over this would be to arrest , say , zuckerberg on suspicion of espionage . 
  i mean we do n't actually want to put him in prison or anything , but it 'd be funny seeing the us government squirm a little . 
  i 'd tend to agree with this . 
  sure , we are n't nearly as bad as the americans right now , but that 's probably just because the americans happen to have most of the power right now . 
  every dictator in the world can make the story that the only reason for western benevolence is that it 's nothing away from us : the moment anything gets between the west and whatever we want ( or scares us even a little , heaven forbid ) , we wo n't care about our principles and we * certainly * do n't give a shit about killing anyone and anything perceived to be in our way . 
  while i 'm not against realpolitik at times ( for example : raiding pakistan for bin laden ) , this really is counterproductive . 
  if we do n't set an example we 'll lose the world , and worse yet , we probably deserve to . 
  the problem is that in this flawed world even with all our flaws we are probably still the best the world has , so our downward slide is a global downward slide and that really should be unacceptable to everyone . 
  eu is also abdicating stopping of this downward slide nearly 100 % to the us , and i really do n't think that 's a good idea ( and again : i say this as someone currently living in boston who 's a huge fan of the us ... 
  i just do n't like all of western civilizations eggs in one basket ) . 
  good find . 
  so basically the number of moving parts here is considerable , to put it mildly . 
  to me it feels like they could pick several ones : `` pick group ** s ** '' . 
  so perhaps 5-6 listed there . 
  i believe there have been studies on this showing that people generally feel compelled to pick at least one . 
  in such a case the presence of a `` lightning rod '' neighbor will reduce the chances of a racist one being picked . 
  far from it actually . 
  the way the thing is worded , it sounds like it was a multiple choice question . 
  this means that other choices might have been things like religion , income , education or nationality centric . 
  in such a case we might be misreading this completely - we just have a feel for how high up the discrimination pole race is , not the actual intensity . 
  immigration is being very foolish again . 
  we tried to get a chinese superman ( won a huge robotics competition in shanghai when 16 ) , but could not get him in the country . 
  do n't forget the perhaps best selling one : outrage, 
  # 1 could work as long as at least parts of international diplomacy were run through brussels . 
  i think you wo n't have a black and white on-off switch to turn , but you could start with a few countries . 
  `` who all want to maintain an embassy on kiribati ? '', 
  i 'm sure a lot of the smaller ones at least would n't mind if the whole thing got wrapped together and even the foreign policy regarding these countries being done together . 
  more controversial ones like israel might never get brought together . 
  # 4 this would have to be done with a join budget . 
  de facto it might be run by the brits or the french , but at least they would n't be only spending their own tax payers money ( give uk the admiralty and france the `` marines '' or whatever equivalent mobile force we might have while leaving the massive land armies out of it and perhaps throw air force to relatively neutral ground in , say , netherlands ) . 
  of course # 4 is pretty full federal in a way that # 1 is n't - there 's just no leaving once your navy is jointly owned . 
  # 5 is just me being concerned about corruption in some of the southern and eastern member states . 
  i 'd like to have the ability to chuck berlusconi in to prison to be blunt , and if italy does n't like it , they can leave the eu ( he has broken laws , and rule of law should be a critical component of eu membership ) . 
   the problem with a federalised eu is that it would be more like a country of `` germany , france & co '' i really , really do n't know about this . 
  i think france is showing a brave face , but is more like a man riding a lion . 
  in many ways the us has more influence with your average eu member ( think very internationalist nordics and eastern europe ) than france . 
  language is leaning english , and germany dominates the economy with the other `` solid '' countries being fairly solid allies of germany on the economic front . 
  from where i 'm standing eu feels like germany being the clear leader , but with a reasonable rebellion being led by britain ( which is listened to a lot by germany 's friends - countries like finland , netherlands etc definitely pay attention to britain and are under severe cultural influence even if they agree * more * with germany than with britain for now ) . 
  then there 's the `` troubled ones '' down south . 
  and then there 's france . 
  kind of alone , with maybe belgium to hang out with . 
  there it is , france + belgium , showing a brave face against the block that i 'd loosely label `` team browses internet in english and trades mainly with germany '' . 
  still to your point ... 
  i do agree that we should do some more democratic reforms before we move the project forward . 
  i also strongly feel that we need a us style constitution that restricts what brussels can and can not do . 
  the problem with eu right now is that it 's prone to undemocratic power grabs . 
  i mean that 's how it even came about , and an undemocratic power grab to contain rather jingoist masses was perhaps an even noble goal initially . 
  still , now we need some clear restrictions on what the eu can and can not do . 
  i still feel we should centralize a lot of things that are very cumbersome to do separately : 1 ) embassies and consulates ( these should still have native speakers of all languages , but at least it 'd be a single damn building in a central location , and probably also available in non-capital cities of most countries ) 2 ) certification and validation . 
  basically a european equivalent of the us fda . 
  being able to launch products directly to all of eu after one process would be a great help to new innovative companies in europe . 
  3 ) science funding . 
  this should happen on multiple levels and it 's actually going pretty ok as is . 
  still , i would love to have a permanent 5 % of eu budget earmarked for doing big science . 
  4 ) i still think we would do well to join at least navies and air forces - the land units can be kept separate as the synergies in purchasing are far less significant and power projection using land units is not something europeans are particularly keen on doing . 
  5 ) central police operation that 'd be a rather amped up version of interpol with a primary mission of hunting down corruption ( the constitution might even want to restrict the size and powers of this organization so we do n't create a bloody dhs clone ... that 's the last thing anyone wants ), 
  hmm . 
  i picked my languages to learn back around 1986 ( i was in third grade around then ) . 
  i think in all of southern espoo there were a * few * classes doing german first and a few doing swedish first , but perhaps 90 % of the kids picked up english in 3rd grade . 
  i only know a single individual that did n't , and that was because he was already damn near fluent in the language from having lived in the uk with his parents . 
  so i dunno , the pressure was pretty damn clear and i do n't recall the last time i encounter a countryman of mine that was both under 60 and unable to speak english . 
  ( to be fair , i grew up and basically spent all of my life in finland between the archipelago and helsinki ),
