  i was n't aware the french did the same thing ( or perhaps they do n't and there 's a different mechanism at play ) . 
  they seem to believe god will protect them . 
  also , i can see how al-qaeda might believe that declaring a war on the western power would be considered a relatively minor escalation or even a `` duh '' level event . 
  yea . 
  we wo n't see so much about it on media , but i have no doubt that the french would pile the bodies high . 
  so al-qaeda , have at it . 
  edit : also , mali looks like an * awesome * country to fight hostiles in , particularly ones that try to claim territory and organize in to units . 
  i think it 's more of a `` tipping point '' issue . 
  a lot of people are fighting their native bigotry that is pretty damn natural for humanity ( despite the touching `` racism is learned '' pictures of babies ) . 
  so you have tons of europeans who - for historical inertia reasons if nothing else - are fighting with quite innate racism and cultural superiority . 
  i do n't know about others particularly in the not-so-diverse parts of europe , but most people 50 + in finland that i know are quite racist . 
  many of them are already ashamed of it , but it 's still there . 
  this creates a huge rubberband effect where people * feel * things but shut the fuck up about them because they do n't think their feelings are appropriate ( and they 're correct ) . 
  however , it creates a situation where everyone is eyeing their neighbor to see if someone is willing to go first . 
  when the first ones go , the support they will receive can be quite surprising because of said rubberband effect . 
  this requires no grand conspiracy . 
  complex . 
  we do cloud controlled robotics for life sciences and are located in the uk ( despite the finnish flag ) . 
  the best applicant is a uk educated robotics guy who is now in athens and having trouble finding a worthwhile job . 
  mechatronic engineer , but good skills in for example c. 
  we 've gotten some really high quality greek applicants recently . 
  it 's good times . 
  the one thing i never mind seeing eu money invested in . 
   exactly , some tech companies are immature and act like horny teenage boys . 
  the people at the hospital are just as immature - they just happened to be run by people well past their prime and have rigid hierarchies . 
  `` immature '' also curiously seems to translate to `` explosively productive and innovative '' , so not sure we want to throw away the baby with the bathwater here . 
   one possible answer is because the tech start up advertises that it only views women as sexy things to look at , through examples like this . 
  no wonder a female applicant might go `` erg , no thanks '' and no apply . 
  your response is incredibly telling . 
  you do realize that tech startups are typically ** founded ** not joined . 
  the culture is exactly what you make of it . 
  hell , start it up in the right jurisdiction and you can fire anyone who mentions sex or does n't wear hijab . 
  the reason start-up culture is dominated by alpha males ( with the side-effects thereof ) is because * they found companies * . 
  the problem is n't with their behavior , which obviously results in some amazing progress for humanity , but in the fact that for some reason women ( and `` beta '' male ) do n't found companies . 
  i would personally suspect the dislike of rejection that women tend to have ( men get trained in accepting rejection during their teenage years quite thoroughly by women ) , the significant dislike of uncertainty ( startups are nothing if not uncertain ) and the conscious and quite sensible concern that there might be a need at some point to jump out of the company for 4-6 months or more ( kids ) . 
  but the `` problem '' starts from the gender ratio of founders . 
  everything else is just dealing with consequences , and often doing considerable harm in the process . 
  i doubt the hospitals would pay for such things , but that 's a company maturity thing . 
  a 900meur hospital is run a little differently to a 5meur tech startup . 
  i do n't have a comparable sample , but i would be very interested in a nursing home startup or equivalent . 
  i doubt kindergartens would do it , but that 's because of the potential brand damage ( people are picky about who spend 40h per week around their kids while not really caring about who writes the database that powers their favorite websites ) . 
  so i 'd still consider ` sexism ' mild at best there - women would be doing similar things were the positions reversed . 
  the more relevant question is to ask why men often are the ones calling the shots ( and filling all the positions ) at young fast growing start-ups ? 
  ( also : i have seen booth dudes with their 6-packs showing ), 
   there is also some evidence of sexism in high tech start ups ( e.g. 
  `` perks : women '' being listed as tech conferences , booth babes at trade shows , etc. ), 
  that 's more a consequence of extreme gender imbalance . 
  i have family who are in nursing and i know my kids babysitters pretty well . 
  both have had parties with male strippers . 
  are those people sexist too ? 
  man haters ? 
  i always just assumed it was a consequence of the massive gender imbalance which emboldened the people ( who 'd like to do it in any environment ) to suggest things they would n't do in a 50/50 gender split ( male strippers and booth babes would neither go over too well i suspect , unless you got both i guess ) . 
   that 's the easiest difficulty setting in western countries . 
  cis ? 
  anyway , i 'm an atheist so at least i 'm not playing on the easiest difficulty level supposedly ( though i must say that in high tech we do seem to outnumber the shit out of religious people )  people at the bottom who are female might be getting more abuse than the men , and this could get rid of them and explain why there is a difference at the top . 
  there 's been a fair bit of studying done of this ( and yes , i saw you ask for references ... 
  i read about this in the economist myself ) : fundamental problem is that women face a really hard choice between 25 and 35 , when careers are being made or broken . 
  women either have children then or risk having them a bit later ( bad for the children ) . 
  in either case having a standard-ish family ( 2 pregnancies ) will disable you for 12-24 months . 
  in particularly fast moving spaces where many of the greatest careers are forged , these breaks are particularly bad . 
  to survive them , it is very healthy to be in spaces that do n't move at such breakneck pace ... so avoid high tech , and prefer things like hr ( most static of them all ) , law and the care industries - these will be pretty similar 2 or even 5 years down the road . 
  guys have a number of options . 
  they can have children at age 50 if they so wish and that 's fine ( women can theoretically too , but it just is n't very practical ) . 
  they can get someone who stays home ( again , possible for women , but not nearly as practical ) . 
  also , women seem far less interested in the massive uncertain & rejection fest that is high tech entrepreneurship ( basically : where you have to beg for money from vcs ) . 
  there might even be a biological element to this - lord knows if i designed the genders , i suspect making the women prefer stability would make the species thrive . 
  considering a lot of people at the very top of the world are entrepreneurs , it 's kind of hard to blame men for it as long as 9 out of 10 people that try to start high growth companies are male ( and the number is often higher than that ) . 
   bullying and `` snide comments '' are not something that 's `` good for people '' , it 's not something that workplaces should have or encourage . 
  it 's a position of power - this shit happens to everyone . 
  i assure you men in positions of power are in no way whatsoever immune from undermining by ambitious underlings that detect weakness ( or genuinely feel this dumb old fart is bad for the company ) . 
  you have to be able to deal with that , and gender does n't even get in to it . 
  or rather , gender gets in to it like youtube videos get in to anti-western sentiment in muslim countries - as something to use , but not as the real motivation . 
  ambitious people dislike people above them . 
   jesus , i wonder how humans keep making this mistake . 
  this is how bad sectarianism starts . 
  it escalates and escalates until people start to get killed . 
  a lot . 
  technically it is n't a mistake if you 're on the winning side . 
  it 's even very efficient , but it 's - like all such things - nearly impossible to control . 
  even if islam did a complete about-face 5 years down that road , stopping the train would be close to impossible . 
   what people fail to see is that by using violent and slanderous tactics , you de-legitimise your own argument against the incursion of islam . 
  think of the society as a spectrum . 
  the `` rabble '' is beginning to psych itself up while the educated segments of society are still trying to sort it out . 
  this works in a way . 
  the working up of said rabble puts time pressure on the elites to sort something out . 
  it also gives them a plan b in case nothing really works . 
  i personally dislike all organized religion , but find islam the worst of the crop currently . 
  the treatment of women . 
  bringing their sky wizard to the public sphere ( do n't worry , i despite american born-again christians for the exact same thing ) . 
  miserable levels of cultural development in many of the core areas like saudi-arabia ( others like iran are quite advanced though , and boast remarkable histories ) . 
  and yea , i just called them barbarians in a rather snootier way . 
  islam needs a reformation and it needs it badly . 
  i suspect external pressure ( eu/us standing firm on things like freedom of speech ) combined with internal pressure ( people with access to the internet ) will have the best shot of succeeding . 
  as long as the fundamentalists can claim this narrative where their victory is inevitable , it 'll be very hard to shut the whole thing down . 
  right now they have a very credible narrative where they are driving the west both economically and morally bankrupt with very little effort . 
  this needs to get stopped by showing them just how incredibly insignificant they are : scale down spending on the war ( s ) and ignore any and all ranting they might do based on pictures of mohammed . 
  if egypt does n't want an eu embassy , * lets take it away * . 
  none gives a shit about egypt . 
  i hate to be callous , but on a `` europe better back away from its freedoms '' scale , breivik did n't even register . 
  we 've sacrificed millions of people and significant percentages of the total population fighting over the soul of this continent .
