  and yes , wanting to resort to violence ( and not understanding how insanely barbaric that is ) when your beliefs are insulted is incredibly problematic . 
  it would not be that hard to screen the people . 
  it 's not wrong for us to test how many of them are ok with having allah insulted . 
  or having to sit through 1h with an atheist trying to convert you away from islam . 
  i bet we could find volunteers . 
  if you remain calm , reasoned etc through it all , welcome on in . 
  if you are outraged and confused about why you ca n't do your duty of killing this cheeky infidel ... yea , pls no . 
  lots of liberal atheists ( like myself ) have nothing but contempt for muslim culture . 
  you have to realize how widespread the contempt is , and it has little to do with whether people are conservative or not . 
  in my case at least it is the absolute opposite - i despise them because of what they would do to my daughter , wife and my gay friends . 
  i am 100 % fine with practically every other group of potential immigrants . 
  this sort of widespread support of course makes the coalition so potentially dangerous . 
  i agree a lot of damage will be done to europe 's soul if we do something dramatic . 
  still , i would consider the 3rd reich ( or soviet union ) preferable places to a muslim theocracy . 
  and both are - obviously - fucking terrible . 
  disrespect islam in front of them when they do not think authorities are watching ? 
  it is good to know there is a backup plan if this goes wrong i suppose ... 
  maybe your culture is built on such intolerance and barbarism ? 
  i think a reasonable litmus test would be insulting islam at a group coming in . 
  the ones . 
  that get mad are not welcome . 
  it is n't super nice , but i certainly do not feel like i owe the refugees a damn thing . 
  that said , i would like to help , but no by taking a civilized area of the planet and bringing barbarians through the gates, 
  we could also just take over a chunk of syria directly and feed them there . 
  considering the extremely feeble forces in the area it does not seem too hard . 
  fair enough then , but i do feel we need to prevent border crossings with force if we must then . 
  including whatever use of force is necessary . 
  maybe they might want to avoid felonies then ? 
  yup . 
  dutch vs british are worlds , worlds apart . 
  compared to say , norwegians and greeks , who are completely identical . 
  sounds about right . 
  i do not think anyone would be as mad these days . 
  and lord knows the locals would probably appreciate the stability . 
  set up an education system and calm down a bit with the role of religion etc, 
  maybe taking control of libya would not be the dumbest thing to be honest . 
  well , it still feels that the typical french person i see in news has been killed by someone because of islam . 
  so this is moving the average to a nicer normal . 
  yes it can . 
  for example land reforms have an excellent track record when they create a huge group of property owners . 
  most recently this was done in a few asian countries ( japan , taiwan , south korea ) after ww2 while many others skipped them ( china , obviously , but also philippines , indonesia and thailand ) . 
  the track record speaks for itself . 
  intervention can also move where profits occur , which in a world of nation-states is crucial . 
  south korea is probably the flagship of having do e this right ( from the perspective of south koreans , that is , but given it is the government of south korea that is rather the opinion that should count ), 
  state intervention is critical , but only if it is done to increase the efficiency of the market . 
  this has been done in many places many times . 
  if you do the intervention * against * the markets and capitalists , it will not go anywhere . 
  the `` how '' matters a lot . 
  capitalism is the engine . 
  socialism is basically a philosophy of compassion on top of it ( given a positive spin ) . 
  one makes a bigger pie while the other splits it more fairly . 
  the interesting question is what are your priorities ? 
  it is always complex . 
  how well the average does is critical , but then again the super wealthy can distort that so maybe use median instead ? 
  but what if the prosperous middle class hides a miserable lower class ? 
  then again if you optimize for the lower class your pie might be so small that your lower class - despite being basically the same as middle class in your country - is considered to be in abject poverty . 
  this is pretty much the big political question . 
  i think all now acknowledge that capitalism is better at making a bigger pie , and that forgetting to focus any energy on growing the pie is a horrible mistake . 
  but that is about the width of the consensus . 
  prussian tradition , so rather 1st world historically speaking . 
  the easiest thing would be if he as an individual just went away . 
  need to be not caught making that happen though . 
  also brazil unsurprisingly had existing football infrastructure all over the place . 
  have n't you noticed the massive reduction in anti-israel rhetoric recently ? 
  europe is getting more sympathetic by the minute . 
  though * if * we were involved , then god damn who thought the bay of pigs planners had it in them to try again . 
  what a farce . 
  i would hope that if we had actively backed it , it would have been done a whole hell of a lot better . 
  shit , if we actually wanted it done i sure expect we 'd plan it with russia and had some very professional assassinations done ( without getting caught , of course ) while a huge misinformation campaign goes in to high gear . 
  none of that happened . 
  i do suspect that the coup gang * was * inspired by the fact that western populations despise erdogan given his autocratic tendencies and dragging down of an advanced muslim state that is n't 100 % boosted by oil money ( ok , lebanon , but that 's still a bit fragile ) . 
  erdogan can be mad that non-muslims generally ( and i 'm sure a large number of muslims ) despise him , but not like anyone will change his mind because of that . 
   ( which is a grave legal sin in criminal law ) . 
  erdogan does n't seem to give two shits about concepts like morality . 
  i have to admit i 'm confused about whether he 's a devout man or just a despotic man who uses islam to consolidate power . 
  yeah , which makes me really hope the military succeeds . 
  i do n't know what they had in mind when they pulled this off when he was out of the country . 
  his death should have been one of the first things to get done . 
  frankly it 's a little suspicious they did it without the military there . 
  if the government that got elected does n't believe in democracy , but the military has always passed power back to the voters ? 
  not sure why that would n't be pro-democracy . 
  you were attacking an argument i did not make , that 's what got the reading ability comment . 
  most american troops clearing out the natives were born on the continent , but i think it would have served the natives well in any case to stop further immigration ( of course they did not have the ability to do this , unlike us ) while they figured out what to do with the ones already in the country . 
  the new immigrants and perhaps even more dangerously their children ( if we do n't figure out how to integrate them , of which there is no proof that we will ) are quite potential terrorists ... who will never have to cross a border from their place of birth . 
  not too hot on the reading skills . 
  `` in the future '' . 
  sometimes governments can make decisions that have impact 25 + years in to the future . 
  if you find yourself in a hole , stop digging . 
  and i 'll readily admit that stopping digging will * not * get you out of a hole . 
  it 's not a bad reaction for slowing down such attacks in the future . 
  surely letting more in does n't help until we 've figured out how to integrate the current ones . 
  and this is not moral praise of europe - after all the us seems to integrate its muslims reasonably well . 
  but this is a practical issue , not a moral one . 
  we * need * to integrate such groups better before we bring in more . 
  how we do that is a tough question , but surely we can agree that we should n't make the problem worse until we figure out the answer ? 
  isis getting fucked up has actually had them sending western recruits back saying they will help the cause a lot more in western countries than in the middle east ( which they probably consider now unwinnable ) . 
  so a losers desperation . 
  i think it would work reasonably well . 
  or does someone think the british example as seen now ( especially if they turn back ) will invite emulation ? 
  why on earth would anyone emulate it ?
