  france had better moral authority than germany today to make the bad boy ( germany then , greece today ) pay the fuck up for their past misdeeds . 
  yet one wonders whether we should not look a bit more in to the future and wonder what would get greece to be as useful as possible in 10 , 20 or 50 years . 
  war has tons of winners , constantly . 
  even ww2 ( the us ), 
  russia doesnt ' seem to be changing very quickly . 
  or surely they are n't the bizarrely suicidal authoritarians of the late 1930 's ... if they were , we 'd see autocrats not only ruling with an iron fist but being loved for it . 
  russian kids doing suicidal things all over the place etc. 
  they 've grown out of that !, 
  but you 're correct . 
  it 'd be quite different . 
  for example hardware wise finland is almost certainly in a better position now than it was in 1939 , though training and numbers wise quite possibly not . 
  it 'd also be fascinating to see how many units the russians could truly mobilize . 
  nothing like what they could in 1939 that 's for sure . 
  maybe 300,000 troops * max * to strike at finland without getting completely crazy and mobilizing . 
  more likely something like 150,000 . 
  really long time ago , but there are things that really do n't change : 1 ) finnish geography has n't gotten any better , certainly not for mechanized warfare . 
  did you expect the winters to get a lot warmer and the lakes and swamps to just plain go away ? 
  2 ) finnish nature in general is pretty nice for defending against someone with superior firepower . 
  you 're basically under a canopy 24/7 if you want to , and it 's thick enough to make thermal imaging suck . 
  things that are slightly shorter term , but probably easily 50-100 years . 
  1 ) the fundamental culture visible in the soviet armed forces was , well , worse than in the germanic militaries . 
  there 's little reason to assume that the modern soviet forces are that different , given that you only need to load on to liveleak to see that the old russian culture is live and well with its fatalistic/borderline suicidal tendencies . 
  so not too convinced the modern russian military could without relatively mongol excess in hardware & numbers , and frankly they are short on both of those vs the far more wealthy west . 
  hell , just the nordics have roughly 1/3 of russias gdp . 
   was n't that right after stalin purged his most competent officers , and was n't that also while much of the soviet union 's attention was elsewhere ? 
  yes . 
  but the kill ratio of winter war might have resulted in moscow being ruled from stockholm if it had been the nordics combined . 
  so i toned down the assumptions some . 
  soviet attention was pretty focused on finland though , and there was n't much more they could have been doing - the isthmus could n't have fit many more troops on it no matter how hard the russians tried . 
  now the baltics would have been easy for them to overrun - too flat , too much room for numerical superiority etc. 
   russia also acts much more decisively than any european country . 
  this is * the * thing that would win it for them . 
  decisiveness is crucial , as hitler also proved back when . 
   you 're only fooling yourself if you think you guys could defeat russia on your own . 
  given time to prepare , the nordic countries would be very painful for russia to try and conquer . 
  baltics easy , nordics hard , because you 'd have to get through the enormously painful geography of finland . 
  `` given time to prepare '' is the least likely part of that sentence , however . 
  you do realize how badly russia struggled with just finland ? 
  had finland had the backing of the other nordics ( essentially 5x the manpower and 10x the productive capacity , given that the others would have been out of reach of bombers ) , it seems perfectly likely that the red army would have taken year ( s ) to conquer finland , or it might have just plain failed . 
  russian scariness has been overhyped for a long time . 
  it 's really the ruthlessness that gets everyone . 
  i do n't think `` expensive '' means the same thing to norway that it does to you . 
  i think a joint `` main army '' might make sense in the long term , especially if a few countries can keep sort of `` us marine '' equivalent forces in the 1-2 divisional strength level which can be used for whatever they want to use them for ( looking at ya , uk & france ) . 
  still , you 're correct that in the short term it 's probably needlessly bold . 
  however , we should not only harmonize r&d , we should harmonize procurement . 
  and i realize the trials and tribulations about some of the acquisitions would be long ( i know finland would resist the hell out of the 5.56 mm caliber as worse than 7.62 mm ) , but generally speaking we should move to the same standard in most things , particularly things like communications infrastructure . 
  even if sometimes environment influences what 's ideal , we could go for an arctic version of the same thing . 
  this would allow ccc to work more seamlessly together and would hopefully allow for economies of scale . 
  this is massively politically volatile of course , and compromises would have to be made . 
  if we all agree that the leopard is the best tank in europe , then in the medium term it 'd probably get produced in 4 different locations and efficiency be damned . 
  this would be a kind of painful transition , but such is life . 
  you ca n't build your economy on inefficiency ( 25 % of the bang per buck of the us ) . 
  the whiter the muslim the more worried about them i am . 
  east asian ones too . 
  converts are on average a great deal more devout and in case of islam in particular , that makes them incredibly dangerous . 
   this [ sauna ] seems -- to me -- to be cultural rather than practical . 
  kind of . 
  it 's like going to the beach in a lot warmer countries . 
  practically speaking it does not make much sense ( unless your goal is to get cancer ) , but it 's popular for a wide variety of reasons nonetheless . 
  well the issue is that paying for the french military would seem odd . 
  it should be some sort of eu military , but i guess as a stepping stone it 'd work . 
  a ) probably , but without the nukes i am by no means convinced that france & uk would decisively eject russian forces from estonia or poland b ) why do the rest of us get to leech off them ? 
  i mean i can not stop feelings of shame when depending on the favors of others for something . 
  at the very least we could all pay a chunk of their military expenditures, 
  no i would not think so , certainly not if they know it is pointless . 
  if we completely dismantle our military , there is a needless temptation . 
  best way to guarantee peace is by having enough force that none ever even thinks of it . 
  i heartily agree that europe needs to maintain far more military power than we are doing . 
  we certainly should make sure we can crush all of our neighbors at once if need be . 
  basically this would be russia + turkey + north africa . 
  it is not exactly a tall order , but i think we should have enough force to overwhelm all of those 2x . 
  considering we have 2x the population and roughly 10x the gdp , it should be a reasonable standard . 
  to work it really could use a joint military though ... 
  the fact seems then to be in the public sector . 
  a worthwhile read for you might be `` how asia works '' . 
  it is an interesting look in to how countries create real value ( it spends a lot of time contrasting ne and se asia ) . 
  while the cases are focused on 20th century asia , a fair amount or focus is given to all wealthy countries and ho they became such . 
  one key point is indeed highlighting how bad inf advice usually has been . 
  so why is the economy such shit ? 
  i mean an honest analysis . 
  the evil northern powers keeping you down ? 
  low productivity of the average greek due to cultural/educational reasons ? 
  or corrupt body political culture ? 
  i assure you the last one of those is the most flattering opinion , because at least it does not incriminate every greek , just the political culture . 
  they are clearly about as antithetical to my values as any brownshirts , and i would expect to disagree with probably most of the things i would like to do . 
  why would they wear them except to try and intimidate me from doing those things ? 
  left leaning organizations also have `` ideal '' pictures . 
  i feel i should make sure a family member is gay and most definitely someone should marry a person with different melanin levels . 
  or maybe i can be fairly relaxed about both such stances until i hear legislative or bureaucratic tools being used to advance such an agenda in a way i find unpalatable . 
  fundamentally yes , though i believe our pitch is quite compelling which gets us tons of converts . 
  still , ultimately we are right because we are more powerful . 
  it is not ideal , but so it goes . 
   he was speaking metaphorically yea i hear this a lot from the muslims that are not extremists . 
  the statement is there . 
  the openness to interpretation is on a totally different level in christianity than islam though . 
  that 's a political difference inside the same sphere . 
  also , the norths stance on tolerance and integration is being changed because we 're not crazy and can learn from events . 
  there is a terrible cancer in the heart of islam and inviting it in is a very bad idea until we 've dealt with its sources ( largely in sa , which i fear would make the world a better place by sinking in to the sea ), 
  fuck no . 
  it 's not a two way street .
