  not quite sure what other logic they might have for it ? 
  ( besides the obvious one of isolating their community from others in a way that would become obvious before babies could be made ), 
  remember their all powerful wizard in the sky checks out every male genitalia before making the heaven or hell decision . 
  he 's a good guy like that . 
  if you genuinely think that your child will suffer eternal torment if you are not allowed to mutilate his penis , then yes i guess it is a terrible thing . 
  you 're also beyond insane , but that 's a different issue . 
   some countries just really gave up of ever winning it and send the most bizarre acts for the fun of it and sometimes end up winning the bloody thing after doing just that . 
  archipelago for midsummernights or the crayfish parties are pretty gold though . 
  north of the arctic circle during christmas is n't terrible either , though avoid the hell out of anything related to santa claus - tourists traps of the worst sort . 
  oxford has [ new college ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_college,_oxford ) . 
  note how it 's established in 1379 . 
  london is the ultimate cosmopolitan city , so in many ways it 's a little unsurprising if you 're used to other big cities . 
  so if you 're a new yorker that 's coming from a month spent in paris , it obviously wo n't be as interesting culturally as oxford ( shire ) ... with that being said , i definitely consider it the most interesting city in the world , and if forced to stay in a single location for the rest of my life , i would n't hesitate for a moment . 
  the thing is , london has tons of things to do * as a local * ( rather like ny ) . 
  the touristy locations are just stuff that 's there - they 're not the main thing . 
  that being said , if you care even a little bit about history , for example the british museum ca n't be topped by any place in the world , and i would n't turn my nose up at the kensington trio either . 
  oxford and cambridge are both quite incredible especially if you have access to a student/alum to show you the universities . 
  all this collateral ... perhaps we 'll get an island in the mediterranean if the crisis gets bad enough . 
  imperfect and it 'll be an expensive fucking island , but it 's not the worst thing i suppose . 
   how do people react around you if you 're faced with a naive stranger ? 
  are you seen as a moron for not taking advantage of the situation ? 
  or would you be shunned if you tried to get the better of him ? 
  so true . 
  the biggest cultural difference i can imagine is that i can not possibly imagine someone trying to scam a foreigner ( or a naive local ) in finland in front of people they did n't intimately know . 
  the odds of getting in to serious trouble and possibly having your ass kicked are tremendously high . 
  sure , that 's not the norm anywhere either , but i would be so beyond outraged if someone tried doing that in front of me even once that the fact that is does happen elsewhere just blows my mind . 
  if that can happen in your country , i ca n't help but feel you 're more similar to somalia than finland . 
  the disapproval can be made known , and it 'll be another ( small ) blow to the already dying religions . 
  also : yes , this might encourage religious tourism , but at least it wo n't be the german taxpayer who is funding sky wizard worshippers mutilating their children . 
  no it does n't . 
  lets not be silly about this . 
  a good example to my mind would be , say , legalizing marijuana in the us . 
  when it fails a vote , do you expect everyone wanting it legalized to pack their shit and go home ? 
  of course not . 
  if you believe in it , you try and try again . 
  as said marijuana legalizers have discovered , trying again does not guarantee success , especially when you have lobbyists lobbying the other way as well . 
  i would n't consider it likely . 
  finns are very pro-europe generally speaking , though i fair number shares the vies of mediterranean culture pointed out in the article . 
  it 's not a default and it 's not by location , but it needs to be done ** somehow ** . 
  what sort of rule would prevent a mafia run country like bulgaria to be cleaned up by , say , portuguese members of eu law enforcement ? 
  i suppose one thing that could prove quite helpful would be a european version of fbi , which would have the authority and mandate to look in to corruption everywhere in europe . 
  the rules would be the same everywhere . 
  i * am * sorry to say that such a department should not be based in sofia or athens . 
  german federal secret police also have a bit of a bad reputation due to past ... indiscretion ... so i 'd place that operation in england or in one of the nordic countries . 
  actually i think headquartering such a federal police force in copenhagen , stockholm or helsinki would probably alleviate the hell out of the nordic countries concerns , and considering it would obviously recruit from everywhere , i do n't see why anyone would have a huge problem with it . 
  naah , you 're overpowered over there whatever happens . 
  a regular wyoming of the united states of europe :p ( just do n't go all crazy on us ), 
   less than a decade ago , germany was financially in shambles and spain was better than germany ever was . 
  i really , really doubt spanish gdp/cap was anywhere near germany around 2000 , so lets not exaggerate the situation back then . 
  yes , germany had problems , but it has been a powerful a sound nation ever since bismarck ( and arguably ever since the 2nd millenia came about , though it was often politically very fragmented ) . 
  you have a much better case with finland , which did n't amount to much until pretty much ww2 , and we lost even that one . 
  19th century finland could have probably lived with having some things dictated to it by portugal , or alternatively i would have understood portugal waiting for us to get our stuff in order before accepting responsibility for our spending . 
   is it simply a prejudiced default north rules south thing ? 
  it 's a law and order situation mixed with gdp/capita thing . 
  i mean i just read a very compelling article about `` mafia states '' where organized crime and government are very tightly coupled . 
  surely you have to sympathize with a concern over such countries just walking in as democracies ? 
  * as far as i know * portugal ( and spain ) are n't really anywhere that , but countries like bulgaria are all the way there , and corruption in places like greece and ( southern ) italy are considerable . 
  would you like the bulgarian mafia lending money against portuguese backing ? 
  if not , what would you propose to do about it ? 
  and what neutral metric would you use to isolate the countries that should get a little bit of law & order activity from eus central operations ? 
   i have no qualms about portugal policies being reviewed by fellow europeans . 
  in fact they have been and continue being reviewed as we speak due to our bailout terms . 
  i wonder how this is being run in reality . 
  i mean i bet the intentions are good , but somehow i suspect it 'll be imf style and resemble [ this ] ( http://dilbert.com/strips/comic/1994-09-07/ )  what i have a problem with is that you do n't want a federation what you want is a confederation where based on the historic coincidence that you guys just happen to be richer when it formed you hold all the power . 
  it would be intended as a temporary arrangement . 
  and it makes sense . 
  lord knows that in 1550 or so if portugal and finland had ended up in an union of some sort , i would have expected portugal to rule the hell out of it ... until hopefully finland would have caught up . 
  i do n't want protectorates , but i do feel that right now the north has more to teach to the south , and if we assume your debts via euro bonds , there 's a very real chance that we just gave your governments the worst lesson ever : there are no real consequences to their actions . 
  as long as someone like berlusconi can not only have a political career , but a very successful one ... well , little scary . 
  i suggested elsewhere that we leave corporate tax for the eu , which will use it to take care of defense and infrastructure spending . 
  that would give it an independent power base . 
  still would n't really be sufficient to figure out euro bonds ( which really are risky due to the entitlement programs , which we most definitely do n't want run on a federal level ) . 
  actually the damn entitlement programs and figuring out an efficient way to run them are the biggest case * against * euro bonds . 
  if responsibility is collective , then it 's just begging for a tragedy of the commons scenario . 
  yup . 
  i think we could make corporate tax ( or capital gains ) a `` federal '' tax and get two birds with one stone : have one of those contentious race-to-the-bottom taxes locked across europe while spreading the pain of supporting both the eu military and - assuming there 's a fair bit left over - various infrastructure/science projects from the income . 
  leave the brits ( with dutch sidekicks ) in charge of the navy and germany ( with france ) to handle the army/air force . 
  interesting bit of course is that germany would probably need a change in its constitution with a unified military . 
   an infantile generalization appetite that lumps southern and northern countries all together like if they are all the same . 
  of course they 're not all the same , but lets say i prefer simplicity when it comes to regulation . 
  i realize this is not a popular concept down south , but it can work quite well . 
  so if we want to keep things simple , we need as few rules as possible , and as few exceptions to those rules as possible . 
  so no , i do n't want to treat portugal differently from greece or italy , or frankly sweden or denmark for that matter . 
   furthermore , you need to understand that what you are proposing is not an use , it is turning the troubled states into protectorates , so please go fuck yourself . 
  guess no use then . 
  but yes , i 'd like the north to have direct control over purging the southern government bureaucracies and regulatory environments of their worst inefficiencies . 
  hell , you guys could have a veto on the proposed changes even . 
  i 'm not quite sure why you 'd consider this such a terrible breach of sovereignty : i 'd be extremely fine with , say , denmark or switzerland running a full review of the finnish systems with the power to adjust things where they can show that there are far better practices available globally . 
  portugal ( and spain ) are in a whole different league from greece , and i actually suspect ( based mainly on the economist ) that italy has more structural problems than portugal/spain - it just has a really dynamic economy around milan which helps it mask some of the structural problems . 
  crisis brings opportunity . 
  still , you have to give something downright huge to the northern countries actually bankrolling the whole thing . 
  i wonder what would make me ok with assuming the debts of the mediterranean countries ... perhaps lifting retirement ages to a `` federal '' level would be a good start . 
  if germany , netherlands , finland etc say `` 67 '' then that 's what it fucking is . 
  the political life in many areas of southern europe seems so ... immature ... somehow , that i 'm terrified of letting them vote on things that really matter . 
  quite frankly , i would be ok with use , but not one where power is divided like the population is divided . 
  breaking up italy to split northern italy to be a separate eu member from southern italy might be quite helpful - it 'd help increase the overall population of the high productivity areas . 
  well if the netherlands is split , spain and poland would have to be surely as well . 
  it 'd just end up in trouble as every country would strive to reach that 5-10m population window , which simply wo n't work with places like london and paris which would be sufficient in their own right . 
  catalonia is a good example of something that * might * be able to split out to be its own thing - significant independent thought and a suitable population at 7m make it a meaningful option . 
  the problem is just that everyone would constantly feel a little shafted by the arrangement - in some ways catalonia would wield as much power as the rest of spain ( assuming both got the equivalent of national representation or 2 senators , whichever way you think of it ) .
