   will you create second class citizens based on religion ? 
  of course the law ca n't be used for this , but i 'll admit i have some scorn for the genuinely religious , with islam right now getting the worst of it . 
  and that is most definitely my right - i owe them absolutely no respect . 
  that said , individuals are individuals and i think the negatives you take in my eyes for being muslim ( or a firebrand communist , or a fascist , or whoever . 
  all this shit quite likely has a lot to do with how you were raised up ) are easily overcome in personal interaction . 
  and these are not inherent traits by any means , which means that people can just plain walk away whenever they want . 
   islam and muslims are a part of europe . 
  stop denying reality . 
  it 's a belief system . 
  why not agree that imperialism and genocidal tendencies are a part of europe . 
  stop denying reality . 
  ( a lot more than 4 % subscribed to that shit at some point in europe i might add ), 
  i guess we need to start building a better prison architecture and go zero tolerance for a while on this activity . 
  this would remove the harmful elements from among the better migrants . 
  i expect the prison capacity need will be in the 100,00 to 250,00 range . 
  some lessons will be more painful to learn i suppose . 
  and no , islam is not here to stay . 
  i certainly do my damnest to get the ones i know to stop believing in the fairytales . 
  there is no point in a developed country . 
   do you think the human right courts & organisations & the media will let that slip ? 
  if the popular opinion supports it , i 'm unsure what any of these could do to stop it . 
  media wo n't even try if they sense the wind too strongly , and i suspect more media will support it than resist it because sales are great . 
   turkey wo n't take them & no other country will are you sure ? 
  there are lots of countries pretty nearby with tons of space that would allow for refugee camps to be built that would be essentially impossible to escape . 
  and the land is worthless , so as long as we pay , it 's just a huge net positive for the recipient . 
  easy ones that come to mind : algeria ( sahara ) and russia ( siberia ) . 
  just set up reasonably comfortable towns in these harsh conditions ( morocco might be better than algeria as you could get the desert and coast ) and pay the recipient country . 
  i bet something relatively meager like $ 20bn a year could host millions of people easily in siberia for example . 
  i dunno why deal with erdogan . 
  there are others who do n't have a reasonably well off country already packed . 
  several easier options come to mind : a ) egypt . 
  fair amount of empty space even on the coast as long as you 're far from the nile . 
  perhaps on sinai ? 
  just pay them and set up the camps . 
  even * more * space . 
  practically unlimited to be honest . 
  fallback plan . 
  russia sets up the facilities in siberia . 
  they will be safe and comfortable , but will surely test how important these refugees consider safety . 
  these would all allow us to help those in immediate danger without being excessively cynical , but not force us to accept crazy social risks . 
  do n't worry , they 're no danger to us with them . 
  and they could use something cheaper to punish their own populations just fine . 
  basically guns and london flats are the modern trinkets that we give to people so they give us something we really value , like power ( in this case through oil & gas ) . 
  too binary society . 
  they 'll tolerate it until they really wo n't . 
  stupid to swing from one extreme to the other , looking for the perfect extreme . 
  east germans made some of the best communists too . 
  we 've tried fascism , communism and now humanitarianism taken to extremes . 
  i wonder what 'll be next . 
  it 's closer . 
  certainly the incident here had pretty much fuck all to do with the attitudes of native german men . 
  at least native german women have had a huge say in what 's being done with the immigrants . 
  so both are long shots , but i 'd agree german women are more responsible than german men ( if extrapolating to all women is almost crazier , but i feel german women are closer to angela merkel than german men to random barbarians ), 
  the track record is quite public , and the percentage of population that feels that even one of the wars was done for bad reasons ( one was a mistake most likely , but that is different ) is vanishing . 
  so no , it is not really a question of opinion when the historical record is so clear cut . 
  i suppose this gets trickier in imperial powers compared to ones with defensive armies . 
  well , no . 
  the finnish military ( my experience ) has only fought against stalin and hitler . 
  this is acceptable . 
  some units went for un peacekeeping , but you had to volunteer for these . 
  maybe your problem is not with the concept but rather your government ? 
  only in case the country is attacked . 
  given such circumstances , staying at home would be as dangerous if not more so ( if you want peace , prepare for war - strong countries do not get attacked ) . 
  i have no fear that the government would risk my life doing something that i had no vested interest in . 
  you went extremely hyperbolic with the slavery comparison . 
  it is a trade where you gain the benefits of the offering authority ( whose legitimacy is endorsed by an overwhelming majority of the population in democratic and transparent ways ) but have to pay for them . 
  except this time you do not pay with money , which is a proxy for time in any case . 
  how about high school then ? 
  can i compare a , say , 17 year old to a 18 year old ? 
  i suppose you say the same thing about grade school as well, 
  which part of it ? 
  the ability of 3-4 trillion to impact change ? 
  the ability of eu to summon 3-4 trillion if needed ? 
  it is a question of technology . 
  we could help drop the prices to where they are cheaper than coal . 
  no need to force anyone then . 
  eu could probably even solve it world wide if we had the political will . 
  hell , go pretty all in on fusion , renewables and safe nuclear . 
  we 'd get far , and would have a pretty popular product to push . 
  oh , and electric cars etc of course . 
  we could summong 3-4 trillion for such a venture if we took it seriously enough without breaking a sweat . 
  but of course , we do n't take it very seriously at all and hence wo n't be doing it . 
  note that only us and eu have this option available even ( china is getting close , but is n't wealthy enough nor does it have the sophistication required in parts of its r&d base ) , so us saying `` oh we could n't '' is pretty irresponsible . 
  i like how your username implies you want to escalate even further in cold and loneliness . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  this is fair enough . 
  we should and could try to employ them as soon as possible . 
  even if it 's a fairly menial job , it would help them feel useful members of society rather than just leeches on a society that dislikes their presence . 
  it 's a nasty circle , and almost the very first thing to do would be to get them work . 
  any work . 
  even work at salaries that no finn would work . 
  anything else just creates this nasty circle . 
  hell , my quite unabashedly racist father thought jobs would be more important to their integration than even housing . 
  i did n't say it was morally upstanding , merely realpolitik . 
  but as long as we need that oil we need stability , even if it is growing out of the barrel of a gun held by someone we despise . 
  the moral thing is to cut that dependency , because until we 've done it , we can not tolerate true democracy in the area ( true democracy can be crazy , and with so many religious people , it quite possibly would be ) . 
  we want to keep that area stable until we have extracted the important resources . 
  the status quo is not perfect , but it is significantly less bloody than having to occupy the whole area would be . 
  so let them be and buy a tesla . 
  erdogan is - without a doubt - a bad guy , and unfortunately this makes turkey often behave as a bad guy .
