  putin doing what he 's doing right now will only make the situation worse as everyone knows that he 's capable of damn near anything ... which is impressive , but i fear ultimately incredibly harmful . 
  we want a planet of civil societies , not of warring fucking states . 
  putin is great for the latter , but terrible for the former . 
   so when us bombs the shit out of other countries with big civilian casualties , uses their black sites around the world as torture chambers with know law to watch over them , uses cia to install puppet goverments and breaks the international law when ever it pleases it 's totally okay if we do n't have to do anything and it happens some where else ? 
  but what impact does finland being in or out of nato have on all these activities ? 
  if anything , i 'd say our odds are way higher of influencing them from the inside and it is n't like we 'd be participating in any way . 
  ( oh and use ''  '' to quote ! ), 
   i know it 's not impossible and the risk has got to be taken seriously but nato is n't the answer . 
  nato seems the obvious answer . 
  it 's the one thing that closes down that discussions 100 % and without any doubts . 
  ** and ** it would seriously help the baltic countries who are in far greater danger , and considering there 'd be no real cost to finland , i think that 's a very valuable thing to do . 
   i know us is only a part of nato , but they are the most powerful member and they are even bigger warmongers than russia . 
  and us has dragged , say , norway ... where exactly ? 
  norwegians went to bomb libya but that was very proactive of norway and the whole effort was n't even run by the us . 
  if anyone warmongered there it was france . 
  then i suppose norway got `` dragged '' in to afghanistan , but : a ) that was legit . 
  bin laden basically confessed and afghanistan refused to hand him over . 
  had it been finland that had been targeted by such a terror strike , i sure as fuck hope we would n't take a `` we wo n't hand him over '' as a legitimate response . 
  b ) finns ended up there * anyway * !, 
  so not like being or not being in nato mattered very much . 
  there were a few norwegians in iraq for a short period clearing mines , but i do not believe they ever saw combat so that hardly matters . 
  so i guess you have a point that for being completely secure from external threats , norway had to have 150 people clearing mines in iraq for a year . 
  which , of course , is also a huge taint on the moral fabric of the norwegian people - how dare they go clear mines there ? 
  i really , really , really do n't understand finns against nato . 
  i thought nasa had moved to largely using musks stuff ? 
  in any case , i 'll admit to slight hyperbole - it 's hard to be quite as terrible as a saudi-arabia . 
  still , you have to admit russia is far , far , far closer to a petro-state than it should be , considering the rather high level of education the ussr did indeed manage to bestow on the population ( one of its finer accomplishments really , considering russia in the 19th century ) . 
  lord knows i 'd be pissed about it were i russian . 
  we should be among the top contributors to science , not coasting off soviet engineering done in the 1960s . 
  since the soviet union went down nokia might have done more 1st world things than russia as a whole . 
  i am not saying you could n't ( there are tons of brilliant russians in silicon valley for example ) , but the fact that putin kind of likes russia as an easily controlled petro-state is doing incredible amounts of harm . 
  your best and brightest keep leaving . 
  we 're following the same realpolitik logic , not the same model . 
  i do n't think it 's so much altruism as the same sort of logic that sees china developing the economies of the inland provinces . 
  it 's good for the overall economy and it 'll stop the bloody flood to the wealthier areas . 
  no need for altruism here . 
  russia has rich cultural heritage to be sure . 
  but this is common in societies where a small minority is excessively wealthy and the majority are peasants . 
  ottomans did some pretty great stuff too , as did the chinese . 
  this does not a great society make , even if it does make a great cultural contribution . 
  the space stuff is , without a doubt , russias finest hour . 
  ca n't hate on that . 
  excellent stuff . 
  alas , have n't seen a lot of russian firsts in space for a while , so guess that went away with the ussr . 
  romania is much smaller so direct comparison is harsh . 
  but if corruption is seriously limited in the next 20 years with eus help , romania will be a fair bit ahead of modern russia . 
   maidan was trying to move the whole of ukraine closer to the eu and nato and do you really think eu would have somehow embraced them ? 
  that did n't happen before . 
  ukraine did n't exactly have lots to offer the west , and given ukraine 's size and the slow economic recovery in the west , there was limited enthusiasm in boosting ukraine up . 
  so i 'm pretty sure that maidan or no maidan , nato nor eu memberships would not have been happening . 
  now , of course , they 're downright likely as both the eu and us realize that they actually do want to contain russia . 
  previously at least people like myself did n't really care about russia - why would we ? 
  now i think we should secure them , create a harness of alliances around them that limits their freedom of operation and make sure we have good access to strategic resources that are n't theirs . 
  i 'm ambivalent on encouraging other countries territorial demands on russia ( or freedom movements inside their borders ) . 
  will have to see if russia misbehaves further . 
  why ? 
  or well , i can kind of see it . 
  after all , germans were really fond of germany in 1940 when france was surrendering . 
  that being said , do n't you think there are historical lessons to be learned about this sort of thing ? 
  yes , and saudi-arabia is more prosperous than russia . 
  a monkey sitting on a pot of gold is wealthy . 
  when it comes to actual contribution and sophistication , the russian nation is pretty close to 3rd world status . 
  not that romania is n't right now , but it 's on the right track to moving forward from there while russia is regressing . 
  and finland needs to join . 
  not necessarily because we need the protection that badly ( invading finland has shit roi ) but because we could seriously contribute . 
  the baltic countries are too easy to overrun ( sorry , your geography is unhelpful ) for huge airbases , but you could plop another ramstein afb somewhere in finland and it would be comparable to an unsinkable carrier somewhere in front of boston . 
  not a pleasant prospect strategically speaking . 
  and it 'd serve russia right . 
  yea there 's like 50,000 people there . 
  to color that same population in the netherlands might not cover more than 1-2 pixels on this map . 
   for the purposes of selling stuff to the rest of the union ( which is what this topic is about ) - could you explain the difference ? 
  i do n't think there is except perhaps for the free movement of labor . 
  i run a company building laboratory robotics . 
  we have operations in the us and uk . 
  now boston is quite far from texas , and switzerland is relatively close to london . 
  why do n't we sell in switzerland yet ? 
  well , there 's all sorts of issues and next to none of them are fixed by a free trade area . 
  that 's like the very base thing . 
  language is one , but selling to highly educated people we could work with english . 
  except we ca n't , because there 'll be local regulation forcing us not to . 
  so we 'd have to translate all sorts of stuff . 
  crossing borders for maintenance also can be a hassle and there 'll be local rules , so we probably need some sort of local maintenance sorted out because it simply wo n't be trivial like it 'd be in the us . 
  oh and we need local insurances probably . 
  this sucked to figure out even for the us , but the large market makes it justified . 
  there are other laws too , so you really have to get a lawyer ( at $ 800/h in our case ) to help you with this shit . 
  fun . 
  the list is very long , and `` free trade '' is damn near a given already . 
  a true single market means that i can start a company , roll out a product in finland and sell it in spain the next day without doing anything new . 
  no lawyers . 
  no translating . 
  no nothing . 
  free trade area does n't mean i can launch within 5 years in spain ( perhaps they have a different drug regulatory process and i need to claw my way through that ) . 
  4 attempts . 
  oman/yemen confusion , qatar/bahrain confusion , uzbekistan and tajikistan both wrong once . 
  hmmm ... 
   putin 's best case : the invasion is relatively bloodless and the west is left with a fait accompli . 
  it 's a highly likely case , except if he has an actual fight in his hands . 
  even if the fight is going well , i could see the west doing something quite concrete like a no-fly zone over much of ukraine . 
  while initially this would be largely on paper and patrolled by a handful of aircraft , they could shoot at russian planes who 'd force a really hard choice on the russian command - whether to shoot at nato aircraft somewhere on top of kiev . 
  there is just no positive spin to it , and once nato blood has been shed there will be a real aerial battle to be fought on top of ukraine , since now nato will have a lot to lose in case they just roll over .
