  of course you can . 
  watch youtube videos of christopher hitchens debating and wonder how many people his arguing has tipped over from hesitant to atheist . 
  the internal inconsistencies and logical flaws are great attack vectors which most definitely work on many , many people . 
  because you are a great believer in free markets , individual liberty , individual responsibility , strong borders and are distrustful of government . 
  the problem is that very few right wing parties actually do these properly for a variety of reasons . 
  yet voting for actual socialists because a right wing party does not think you deserve to go to whichever public toilet you want ? 
  surely that is dramatic overkill if you genuinely believe the other party will fuck up the economy or allows the country to be run over by people who do not view you with distaste but with homicidal fury . 
  i think of it as deconverting . 
  atheism is not a religion after all . 
  absolutely you can argue and marginalize religion . 
  a very worthy goal and something i thoroughly enjoy doing any time i encounter someone trying to assert religious values . 
  there is no difference between believing in an imaginary being or an imaginary characteristic ( we are the master race ! ) . 
  both are retarded and give you an absolute carte blanche to do the most appalling shit . 
  well , if step # 1 is ejecting such immigrants and step # 2 is voting liberal in next election , the problem seems to be solved . 
  a better strategy surely than just going all `` this is my life now '' to being harassed and beat up by devout muslim refugees . 
   it 's not simple to just reroute it , cause the cables can only transport a fixed amount of energy . 
  the same thing is true of the internet . 
  we just build quite excessive capacity in to the system . 
  the same can be done with energy , and with reasonable enough cost . 
  and yes , since energy cables are bit more restricted it gets trickier . 
  i mean , i assume you know the tricks enron pulled with exactly the stuff you mention . 
  but they did that largely because the us grid was n't mature enough to handle such routing . 
   that sounds like a huge and gigantic waste of resources . 
  who 's going to pay for that ? 
  who paid for the internet ? 
  the government and the consumers ultimately . 
  it 's good value for money . 
  upgrading the net should also allow customers to sell energy to the network regardless of where they are . 
  this would be a true 2nd ( 3rd ? ), 
  generation power grid with tremendous advantages . 
   we were talking about bringing power generation to southern europe , this would mean that there are barely any power plants left in poland . 
  lets not be ridiculously overdramatic . 
  probably more like 30 % of the northern generation at most would move south , and frankly another large clump would head to the atlantic coast for wind . 
   and this would mean if the power grid towards poland from europe gets attacked , then poland as a whole will get a blackout a grid is a hell of a lot cheaper than actual power plants , they can be buried quite deep etc. 
  in any case it 'd be way easier to knock out the polish power plants than to actually destroy the various connections between poland and the rest of the eu . 
  oh and of course , those connections are really quite easy to fix , certainly compared to actual power plants that have had the turbines blown to pieces . 
  i mean lets look at the ( poorly developed and in desperate need of upgrading ) us network : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d4/unitedstatespowergrid.jpg you go ahead and knock out ohio . 
  stop it from getting electricity with some air raids . 
  and that 's far less populous area than central europe and it 's not a particularly modern network with probably 0 concerns taken for potential impact of air raids . 
  europe could improve on both of those counts . 
  electricity grid is n't some sort of gigantic terawatt pipeline between two countries . 
  it far more resembles the internet , with the strengths that come with that . 
   i doubt any country would see it as a good thing if their heavy industry leaves . 
  germany has a lot of car manufracturer for example . 
  car industry is n't actually that energy intensive . 
  metallurgy etc are ones that tend to require ridiculous amounts and really be driven by energy costs . 
  assuming the cars are still assembled in germany , i do n't think this is a particularly huge deal . 
   of course it 's possible , but it needs a lot of money . 
  the energy that would be delivered would need to be for europe as a whole , imagine how many cables you would need for that and those would go throughout europe . 
  that 's a huge waste . 
  having a unified power grid is far from a waste , it is one of the few ways to allow us to truly tap nature which will always have a major regional impact . 
  it also makes us far more rugged from any sort of terror/war because you can simply reroute until enough of the system gets taken out . 
  with a proper internet style power grid taking out every power plant in poland with massive air raids would not turn off the lights in poland , as they would today , because the grid at large could be turning on extra power plants in the western parts of eu to compensate . 
  this is a huge strategic advantage . 
   no thanks . 
  with the british out , the only countries within the eu where english is already the primary language are ireland and malta . 
  which has the benefit of making it quite politically neutral . 
  also , 31 % of eu citizens say they are proficient enough in english , making it by a fair margin the most widely spoken language in the eu . 
  that 31 % is also very highly concentrated among those that work between countries . 
   it would be more sensible to pick german , french or italian as a primary language but now you 'd be forcing scientists , businesspeople and others that operate on a global scale to learn a new language on top of the one they use to work in asia and with the anglosphere . 
  china going english surely was the last nail in the coffin of some sort of fantasy revitalization of french ( german ? ), 
  as an international language . 
   maybe english should become more like an official second language of every eu country , like spanish is ( afaik ) in some us states , or french is in some parts of ( ? ), 
  this is what i meant really . 
  it being the second language of every country officially would be supremely convenient . 
  it 's pretty close to the status quo already and it 'd mean people moving between countries could trust that they can function anywhere in the eu by knowing one extra language . 
   choosing english as a primary language would probably lead to the decline of a lot of minority languages and thus to a substantial loss of culture . 
  this can happen if the culture is not particularly strong or actively supressed . 
  the latter would not happen in the eu and the former ... well ... 
  i ca n't be too sad . 
  i am not afraid for finnish at least . 
  we 'll manage , and we 'll be more dour than the rest of you bastards no matter how much english we speak . 
  it ** is ** a major problem in terms of currency areas etc. 
  i mean there 's absolutely zero way around that . 
  i think that with the uk out it might be easier to bite the bullet , but i think one of the biggest steps forward for the eu would be declaring english the primary language . 
  that 's the huge bullet france has to eat for eu to move forward . 
  it 's not scorched earth . 
  it 's simply that sometimes economies get really concentrated which means that shocks to those economies create problems . 
  in detroits case it was the car industry , which had been built on us global dominance , not being actually competitive with european and asian rivals when forced to compete on a fair level . 
  you think someone in the us planned it ? 
  there are cities elsewhere on the planet that are somewhat monoindustry . 
  those industries crashing will crash the cities hard , and it seems easier to have the people move to whatever is booming than to try and reinvent the city with 40 % of it unemployed . 
  let 75 % of the unemployed leave and reinvent it without such crazy crash drain and social problems from all the unemployed people . 
  naah , number of easy enough counters there . 
  most obvious one is that energy excess in the south will result in heavy industry moving south to benefit from the cheaper energy . 
  that 's actually quite good and useful , as the north seems to be doing better with the knowledge economy anyway . 
  as for the infrastructure ... germany is being pretty horrible about it . 
  the problem is of political not technical nature there , and europe having a well integrated power grid would be a great way to move forward and enhance europe for the 3rd millenium . 
  also , btw , a fantastic way to stimulate the economy while doing something genuinely useful . 
  war & terrorism ? 
  you realize how much trouble we 'd already be in if particularly spain gets significantly taken over . 
  who the fuck would get there ? 
  and of course france has nuclear etc. 
  any sanely developed power grid would be tremendously decentralized rather like the internet , making terrorism against it absolutely futile . 
  i agree with you that centralization has its problems and i certainly would not like the idea of making poland the bastion of all of europe 's energy , but making spain/italy/france ( with nuclear ) carry the torch to a significant degree until we get fusion working ? 
  that seems strategically perfectly sound . 
   i realise that , but the us population will still be there in 4 years , and they elected him . 
  it was a complicated election with a lot of anti-clinton votes . 
  so i would n't say that americans fell head over heels for what trump represents . 
  still , a healthy quarter probably did , so that 's not so great .
