the way this works best is if you go to the uk , get embedded in the anglo culture and the financial markets . 
  discover something that works in a rather intertwined north atlantic economy ( being in tech in uk/us , i know very well what 's going on north of the alps , though france is n't always as transparent ) , get credibility , get funding from londons capital markets and go found a company in italy . 
  it 's a truly classic way to make tons of money - bring ideas ( and capital ) from places where new things happen to places that need shaking up . 
  depends on which engineering ( not that much though , all of them are good ) , from where , and whether your professors will recommend you . 
  in most cases if you have a graduate degree in engineering from a respectable school where you were n't the worst performer and you ca n't make a living , you 're doing something very wrong . 
  somehow i suspect this study did not go with such distinctions , which makes it a bit suspect . 
  i guess it could have gotten roughly the right result with luck . 
  yeah i 'm 100 % fluent in finnish and english , and have studied swedish ( ... ) , german , spanish and portuguese . 
  what do i count as ? 
  i could probably survive , if very poorly , with swedish and german as i have n't used them much at all . 
  spanish and portuguese are in an even worse shape . 
  yet i have known all of those ( except maybe portuguese ) reasonably at one point or another . 
  it meaning what it needs to mean is certainly useful , but reduced the god of the gaps to the god of caps & context . 
  not that i have anything against a deity essentially pulling a vanishing act , but it sure seems to me like behavior of people who have a cultural tradition of monotheism , but whose brain is rejecting the whole thing . 
  given such a start state , this atheism-in-christianity is a very reasonable compromise . 
  wbc is the crazy fringe of christianity , but surely it is christian . 
  in a way i always liked their honesty about reading the bible . 
  if the assumption is that an omnipotent deity seriously is behind every word in the bible , then wbc is more christian than the pope for sure . 
  the fact that cherry picking from holy books is the norm does not change the fact that it is indeed cherry picking . 
  wbc is the crazy fringe of christianity , but surely it is christian . 
  in a way i always liked their honesty about reading the bible . 
  if the assumption is that an omnipotent deity seriously is behind every word in the bible , then wbc is more christian than the pope for sure . 
  the fact that cherry picking from holy books is the norm does not change the fact that it is indeed cherry picking . 
  wbc is the crazy fringe of christianity , but surely it is christian . 
  in a way i always liked their honesty about reading the bible . 
  if the assumption is that an omnipotent deity seriously is behind every word in the bible , then wbc is more christian than the pope for sure . 
  offensive capability you mean . 
  i 'm pretty confident a fair number of the armies ( like , say , finland ) could cause tremendous amounts of damage to an attacker once fully mobilized . 
  quantity definitely has a quality of its own , and 500,00 highly trained high morale people with assault rifles , anti-tank missiles and enough anti-aircraft weaponry to make the mujahedin swoon ... well . 
  who wants to deal with that ? 
  now , it is not a recipe for a fight with 0 losses obviously - you need us type forces for that . 
  you talking to me ? 
  finns speak it better than germans , so not so sure of that . 
  finns all speak english and that is despite no relationship between the languages . 
   your neglecting to say how you would actually ` hurt ' russia . 
  supplying the ukrainian armed forces with powerful artillery ( though to be honest , i believe they already have this , and artillery crews do n't run as easily as infantry ) and then targeting data from satellites and maybe even uavs you could easily give them . 
  as long as you can stop russia from using its air force ( or massive tank formations ) , we could certainly help ukraine make the whole thing in to a tremendous quagmire . 
  hell , just look at afghanistan . 
  and `` we '' would be western countries using largely ukrainian troops . 
   do you care to explain how on the one hand you want russia to ` pacify ' the situation and on the other you call russia the ` aggressor ' . 
  how can the person that attacked stop a fight ? 
  by stopping hitting people ? 
  who is in a better position to `` pacify '' ( read : stop ) a rape . 
  the victim or the rapist ? 
  obviously the rapist , it 's just that they 're probably not inclined to do so , being rapists and all . 
  the whole thing applies to russia pretty well . 
  it 's not very nice , but if they 're intent on attacking , then so be it . 
  i 'm happy that about kurds repulsing isis too , and if they hurt isis ability to try again ( against the kurds or elsewhere ) , that 's all the better . 
  same logic applies . 
   it 's about whose standards will determine the future of the continent more than anything else . 
  i actually very much agree with this . 
  russia is still somewhat in denial and thinks that russian standards are an option . 
  they 're not . 
  it 's between the west and china now , and the best way for russia to influence things is to play ball well within one of the two . 
  and i 'm pretty comfortable in saying that the russian population would prefer the west ( i know a lot of russians ) . 
   it 's practically inevitable russia and the rest of europe end up on the same side of the table . 
  agreed . 
  it is , fundamentally , a european country . 
  certainly more than an asian one . 
   a humiliation could damage the respect for authoritarianism in russia this , i feel , is incredibly important . 
  the message being sent by this whole ordeal is that authoritarianism works . 
  not only is that message being imprinted on a generation of russians ** very ** bad , it 's also being imprinted on everyone with access to media . 
  for fucksakes fox pundits seem to fawn over putins decisiveness . 
  for authoritarianism to truly fail in russia ( their historical failures seem to be when they have `` weak '' leaders , while their finest hours are tied to homicidal maniacs ) , it needs to fail . 
  allowing it to succeed is the worst thing we could do , not just from a realpolitik perspective , but from a russian cultural perspective . 
   i get your drift , up to a point.but there will be no cavalry arriving for what 's left of ukraine . 
  why not ? 
  it 's not like hurting russia would be that hard . 
  the only thing preventing true hurt on russia is public opinion , and that is getting hardened quite nicely . 
  and the realpolitik thing is that if we really hurt russia , they will end up as china 's bitch which would be a problem ... those two being uneasy with each other at best is quite important , because the combined power could actually be dangerous ( probably not , but could ) . 
   your map of ukraine from lets say 2012 will look different from the one that these guys will produce , in due course , ( after their big swinging dick thing ) we have an even bigger swinging dick , why not use it ? 
  we do n't have to sit by idly and allow this to go on . 
  at the very least we can make russia bleed , which will make the risk/reward of these activities look different . 
  if it looks like a slam dunk , they will do it again , and again , and again . 
   and i 'll restate it , blood shed will lead to more bloodshed , so stop it , finish the map and get on with it , and giving signs to hostile dictators that they can do what they want is a surefire way to reduce bloodshed ? 
  not really what history teaches us . 
   isis will find the both of you soon enough . 
  i think we 're finding them before that . 
  hell , isis might prove insanely useful , as they are recruiting elements from the west that frankly i hate the idea of having in the west anyway . 
  which would i rather do ? 
  have 5,000 terrorists-to-be in western cities , or have 50,000 conquerors to be in the desert ? 
  one of those we can destroy with a couple of casualties in a few weeks time . 
  the other one will be terrible and involve trampling civil rights . 
  so yea , i hope we do n't squash isis quite yet - we need to give them time to recruit some more . 
   for any sort of peaceful compromise to come about all the very important president 's , and autocrats need an exit strategy where they do n't lose face . 
  bloodshed leads only to more bloodshed . 
  you 're missing the very first thing that is required for an exit strategy to matter : an interest in exiting . 
  as long as everything is going great , none is exiting anywhere . 
  artillery losses in your own territory that you can still kind of hide ( or at least deny ) are a pretty decent compromise between providing a reason to exit and not burying your face in the dirt . 
  i mean i agree with you that surrounding a russian regiment in a ukrainian city would probably not help the situation because leaving them there would lose tremendous face ( and quitting because they got surrounded would lose even more ) , but having heavy artillery pounce your columns and supply depots ? 
  fairly harmless from the `` face losing '' perspective . 
   a skype session between the very important big swinging dicks , where they can formulate their fairytales , while saving face , would be more useful than more dead soldiers , and cheaper . 
  yet it still requires both parties * wanting to get out * . 
  you 're telling me that it 's important for me not to defend myself against this dude punching me in the face , because he 'll fight really hard if i start embarrassing him in front of his girl . 
  the part you 're missing is how i can get him to stop hitting me to begin with if there 's no apparent downside to him , and he 's of the type to start hitting me in the face to begin with . 
  obviously it 'd be preferable if russia simply pacified the situation . 
  barring the aggressor doing that , them being defeated is the next best option . 
  it 's an unpleasant business but such defeats do indeed involve bloodshed . 
  it would be nice and pretty subtle . 
  just send text messages with coordinates to ukrainian artillery commanders .
