  yeah i was here for that , it was ridiculous . 
  personally holed up at inman square . 
  most snowfall i had ever seen in such a short period ( that first week ... ) , which is not what i had expected . 
  living in boston these days . 
  the snowstorms are really epic , but they melt away fast . 
  right now it 's 10c . 
  pretty common for this time of year . 
  the summers are positively mediterranean with july/august seldom dipping below 30 , hovering in the 31-37c window . 
  and this is very far north in the us context . 
  i do n't think i can be warm in finland anymore . 
  hottest day i 've been back there ( 26c ) would have been possibly the coldest day of a typical boston summer . 
  none else made comparable laptops ? 
  i doubt even 25 % of laptops sold were apple . 
  no sensible person ever thought it had . 
  capitalism is like the combustion engine . 
  you should not just hop on the motor and hop for the best . 
  yet abandoning it would be ridiculous . 
  but a strong eu is a major us ally that allows us to focus most of its military attention on china . 
  the ultimate populist coup will be going all solar and making the saudis pay for it ( by confiscating all their money abroad ) . 
  someone pitching this will be very popular and the gulf countries ( esp sa ) will have a real hard time hiding their wealth from the western banking system ( especially considering the fact that russia and china might also confiscate it , if west was for it ) . 
  where can you invest $ 2trn ? 
  oil is getting less relevant by the day . 
  temporary border controls do not risk western values in any meaningful way . 
  and i btw agree , this extremism is the death throes of islam . 
  secular humanism delivers happiness to the populations and they are waking up to it ( bin laden was most upset about the godlessness on the arabian peninsula ) . 
  so the religious are worried and fight back . 
  that said , this process is far from over . 
  at the very least 15 more years , and quite possibly a century ( though that is a real dark timeline ) . 
  one could point out that some terrorism might have occurred before b&b went to war . 
  and most hate in history , has unfortunately been dampened with bleeding . 
  either excessively on one side or profusely on both sides ( see germany & france ) . 
  few go away with old age . 
  some go away with mere humiliation . 
  islam backed down from europe when it realized the ottoman empire could only lose those wars and be destabilize in the process . 
  in that sense we should encourage a caliphate that would have leaders who we could really threaten . 
  or maybe we just need to lop the main head off the snake in saudi-arabia . 
   short of wiping the region out with atomic bombs and killing every man , woman and child , you ca n't win that war you can leave some alive surely , having 500,000 floating about wo n't be that big a deal . 
  zoroastrian terror threat just is n't that high . 
   i genuinely do n't know what the best course of action is here ... and we have got bush and blair to thank for that !, 
  you 're claiming islamism is their fucking fault ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  they had a chance to fix this with a lot of political support in 2001 , but it was a hard problem already then and them succeeding fully would have been insanely impressive . 
  they failed harder than they should have admittedly , but blaming them is still ridiculous . 
  give the fucking crowd in the middle east some agency will ya ? 
  but a hell of a lot better than waiting longer and then going extreme right wing on even more issues . 
  you can vote for `` lets risk literally hitler by holding out for 4-5 more years of this '' or give in to some concerns right now . 
  i 'm not super happy about it , but it 's insanity to risk a truly terrifying government coming in at some point when people have truly had enough . 
  hmm , no ? 
  or a fuck ton of girls were dying their hair like crazy young in grade school, 
  it 's bit of a mouthful . 
  also , i am definitely not in that category as i have 2x graduate degrees and net worth in the hundreds of thousands ( with the double degrees ) around age 35 . 
  i just really can not stomach religion in politics which kept making republicans just impossible for me to vote ( not that i voted for trump , but i like the evangelicals irrelevance opening up a party for me potentially ), 
  still , what would you consider these clearly new people to the republican party that can be younger , were quite often blue collar , are not particularly religious etc ? 
  and please do n't be ridiculous and call them racists . 
  i know a number myself , and none are racists . 
  shit , i am decidedly right leaning person who can not stand religion in politics . 
  i always felt a mild affinity with the alternative right , even with its crazies ( just like i feel a degree of affinity with the greens over global warming , even though there are tons of completely bonkers people under the green umbrella ), 
  i have seen various versions of `` alt-right '' , one of which is that it is simply a right wing group that does not give a shit about the evangelicals , something that has been considered pretty much mandatory in the us right wing . 
  milo is in a way a great example of this because he is definitely not someone that the evangelicals would approve of . 
  sure , there are racist elements , but i do not feel they tarnish the whole thing . 
  i rather like the idea of republicans where the evangelicals are not very important . 
  good point . 
  when life was so bad we could not stay alive long enough to wage war , we had no war . 
  in other news , a nuclear holocaust would quite possibly prevent ww4 for at least 100 years, 
  it 's just a tradition that you create your own monsters . 
  any billionaire thinking he can own and control something as ambitious as a politician is insane . 
  it 's like riding a lion and hoping that it 's grateful that you fed it when it was young . 
  it does n't * actually * owe you a fucking thing , and if it happens to be hungry ... well ... 
  gratitude has a short shelf life . 
  well , in a way not corrupt , or double corrupt . 
  if gaddafi was supposed to get something other than bombed for that investment , sarkozy certainly did not deliver . 
  hell , he was the main person driving the bombing campaign ... buying politicians is n't that easy it turns out . 
   you can say the democrats majorly fucked up their campaign ( duh ) but to say that these people is some fringe minority is crazy . 
  the ones that cry ? 
  yea , they 're pretty damn fringe . 
  in my close proximity ( ~ 30 people i interact with frequently ) there 's maybe 1 person that voted for trump , 29 that voted for hillary , and 0 people that cried . 
  the extreme sjw fringe . 
  i consider myself a liberal ( 100 % in the classical sense , maybe 54 % in the american one ) and i have no love for them . 
  saying this is modern liberalism is like saying all conservatives just engage in meme wars . 
  i have to agree though , seeing these people cry is insanely satisfying and the best thing about a trump victory ( no , i did not vote for him ) . 
  it is amazing how they think they are so progressive and great for everyone while they might be the most hated group in the west ( i bet they poll lower than devout muslims , who are not at the peak of their popularity either ), 
  true enough in a sense , but there 's a case to be said about relevance and activity levels . 
  sure , hardcore christians and jews can find some really fucked up stuff in their books too , but they seldom do , and they 're pretty rare to begin with . 
  lord knows the mainstream does n't even tacitly accept any truly religious arguments except the flirting with life beginning at conception and what that might mean ( not too malevolent ) . 
  but my point about relevance : islam is the only one fighting right now with over 50 million adherents . 
  and it has nearly 2 billion . 
  so yea . 
  it 's like saying kali worshippers were just as horrible as the nazis . 
  maybe , maybe . 
  but one of them was hanging around in a few small areas of india and the others were flirting with having enough power to take over the world . 
  even if the density of the problem among individuals is similar , the numbers game matters . 
  the apostasy laws in muslim countries do hideous pr for islam , and rightly so . 
  i ** will ** hold that against islam , because it 's the only religion to go that far , and the enforce it and have popular support for it . 
  i can hold it against islam just like people can hold donald trump , the war on drugs etc against the us . 
  it 's quite different from blaming every individual , but it 's fair enough to say there 's something rotten in the institution . 
  alas it is n't just the person . 
  the extended family can swing meaningful influence too . 
  source : had a cousin dating a cool muslim guy . 
  things * changed * at one point due to the family . 
  yeah that has been my experience too .
