  i ca n't think of a single muslim country that has anything to teach to any western country ( or east asian for that matter ) . 
  t this is a one way street . 
  they learn . 
  the best giving i 'm willing to give is tolerance of their barbarism in milder forms for a short period ( the fucking veils for example ) . 
  i suppose that is because the religious motivation just seems so ... ridiculous ... to most europeans , particularly in the north and east . 
  it 's basically the equivalent of finding out that nigeria is rising up as a dictatorship to dominate africa under the joint will to worship santa claus . 
  it 's just this sort of `` really ? '', 
  moment for most atheists . 
  i mean the islamists are obviously inept , foolish and quite a pathetic waste of space that we could wipe out ( if we took the gloves off ) within a matter of months to the last man . 
  that being said , they are not that incompetent . 
  their military is reasonably organized , logistics , accounting , propaganda , base utilities etc are organized to some degree . 
  in other words , someone in there must have some brains . 
  and `` some '' should be enough not to go off murdering women because fucking magic man tells you to do so . 
  it 's just too insane to contemplate . 
  i wonder if we 'll have to get all old school about this at some point and declare temporary state of emergency which bans islam in public for a period of , say , 5 years . 
  if you do n't like it , you really do n't want to immigrate at that point . 
  ( i personally would not feel such a temporary ban to cool things down would be particularly unheard of in western history , nor particularly against our values . 
  it * would * be an admission that we consider islam an actual threat of some sort , but i suppose we 're getting close to the point where they are a minor threat ), 
  muslims bringing battering rams to a serbian guarded door will go over great . 
  to be perfectly honest , i just find religious people crazy and prone to do shit that normal humans would never do , or approve of cultural standards enlightened humans never would . 
  christianity got domesticated , which means that it really has gotten used to the fact that it needs to shut the fuck up and do what the polls tell it , never mind what the government tells it to do . 
  my daughter just had the 10 commandments offered to her and it 's absolutely hilarious - # 7 is `` be respectful in the things you do with your body '' . 
  i 'm like 99 % sure that is not what was on the stone tablets ( in case they even existed ) . 
  that 's the mark of a religion that knows it has no power and is dealing with reality as is . 
  islam still thinks it has power ( and it does , even if in incredibly feeble 3rd world countries ) , which makes it far more dangerous than the - equally ridiculous - christianity . 
  so from a secular perspective i can not but view a religion with claims on political power as an enemy . 
  you might be an okay person , but i stand very much with hitchens on the religion thing , and as such would prefer 0 religious immigrants ( at least christian crazies from africa or south america tend to be mellowed down because they go the `` oh we just get along with everyone '' here churches in europe ) . 
  the finnish president already seemed to hint at europe leaving some of those treaties, 
  i do wonder what part of the oppression is mental . 
  white mens biggest benefit might be that they have extreme agency and have bee taught from the beginning that their loci of control is internal . 
  i had some pretty shit happen to me at times , but i generally felt that the problems were mine to fix and the odds of someone actually helping me without getting something in return were about 1 in a million . 
  under such circumstances crying just shows weakness , and weakness gets exploited in this world . 
  that said i am sure feeling the world is hostile is something i have never experienced . 
  maybe hiding for hardship is healthy , but i would not encourage that approach for my children , no matter which minority they might end up in ( which is their choice ) . 
  people cry a lot at university ? 
  the white male privilege kicking ass again . 
  i do not recall a single case of me crying during university years ( admittedly no big breakups which might have managed it ) . 
  i hate to sound callous , but what are the modern university students crying over ? 
  i am genuinely curious ... 
  99.9 % of pretty much every movement ever do not throw bombs , hence the comparisons are - completely fairly - between the most active 0.1 % of various groups . 
  of course they are . 
  do you think the hundreds of millions of coastal chinese would prefer to go back even a decade , never mind back to mao ? 
   tell it to the 129 dead in paris . 
  the level of threat isis presents was 100 % ` effective ' in their case . 
  this is a silly argument . 
  that is no existential threat at all , and individuals get hurt by all sorts of parties lal the time . 
  it means isis is a threat and a problem , but it 's not a `` real ( * existential * ) threat '' in the way that the 3rd reich and soviet union were . 
   we do n't know that these single arab men coming into germany in fact do n't represent a terrorist army if they do , we 'll deal with them . 
  rather not let so many in obviously because we 'll suffer more casualties , but that 's pretty obvious . 
  and in any case the clear majority of them surely hate isis , though hating isis does not make them our friends by any means . 
   they could very well be as much of a threat as the third reich and even more how ? 
  worst comes to worst we 've discovered that removing minorities is eminently doable . 
  not that we 'd do it barring an existential threat which totally is n't there , but that option is in the back pocket and i 'd certainly rather use it than let western civilization be replaced by islamic `` civilization '' . 
  yet we 're so , so , so far from it that it is n't even funny . 
  we have the monopoly of force in the area on our side . 
  this is useful . 
  3rd reich and soviet union were truly dangerous because they could contest that in a way that minority insurgents never could . 
  only due to political will . 
  so threatening in the way that a unarmed 5 year old is to an the rock . 
  i mean if you do n't pay any attention , the kid might hurt you by biting you or something , but if you suddenly decide that the rules are out , the 5 year old will be dead within 10 seconds . 
  we could wipe out isis . 
  we could frankly wipe out arabs and i doubt we could be stopped by anything short of our consciences ( doubt russia , china , india or israel would threaten a nuclear intervention , though i suppose pakistan might , for whatever that threat is worth ) . 
  very , very different level of threat compared to the 3rd reich or the soviet union . 
  free speech has obvious limitations during war . 
  isis has declared war . 
  do you think it would have been `` ok '' to walk around new york or london in ss uniform in 1942 ? 
  does * anyone * here think it inappropriate that such a thing would be considered treason or even an act of invasion ( you 're basically volunteering for a hostile army , and are now represting it on our soil ) . 
  the only reason we do n't treat them more harshly is of course because isis is no real threat . 
  but certainly the legal precedent is not pleasant for wearing hostile uniforms/flags in a country that uniform is at war with . 
   mate are you serious ? 
  the whole argument is that muslims immigration leads to more crime but a study disproving that is n't relevant ? 
  our sample size is too small for a year-on-year comparison . 
  many have just been in the country for weeks . 
  so frankly the data set is very poor either way and we have to be somewhat anecdotal because of it . 
   the whole idea of people wanting our governments to control and ban certain ideas or religion hmm ? 
  i did n't think i implied this at any point . 
  i was merely suggesting a `` semi-deportation '' for those criminals that we can not actually deport as long as syria is a warzone . 
   the trouble a lot of `` europeanised '' muslims have is that doing what you 're suggesting is basically social suicide . 
  it is just plainly `` a walk away '' . 
  we should do more to help them . 
  this i agree with 100 % . 
  we need to offer alternative social circles , and openly advertise the ways they can leave their existing communities and thrive elsewhere . 
  this is one of those things that some people would consider `` insensitive '' to do , which is silly . 
  we want to support any and all that feel that the western way of life is superior , even if we have to be pretty open about our feelings that it is ( which i certianly do n't have a problem with ) . 
  too easy to get from the greek islands to mainland europe . 
  siberia , greenland , algeria etc would have the benefit of being much further away . 
   we do n't need to expand prisons when we have less criminals now . 
  you ca n't exactly site figures from 1980 to 2015 to describe the impact of a 12 month old refugee crisis . 
  clearly not a relevant statistic . 
  and the refugees are a special case , because the `` just '' thing would be to deport them . 
  we simply ca n't due to international treaties . 
   so you 're personally going to convert all european muslims ? 
  good luck . 
  of course not . 
  but if 5 % of the population thinks like i do , there 's more than 1 person to convert every single muslim in europe . 
  if 20 % think like i do , it 's 4:1 numbers already . 
  worth a shot surely . 
   are you going to forcefully deport people based on religion ? 
  of course not . 
  we ca n't deport citizens , and i the prison bit was me admitting that we ca n't easily deport even new arrivals .
