  poland got the honors of the victory . 
  that does n't mean they saved us all by themselves . 
  the thing is that we often do n't like certain german accents so it could be beneficial for every german to speak a little bit more like an austrian . 
  i would try to adjust my accent as well if i lived in germany for a longer period of time . 
  but of course you 're also right . 
  there is no real need . 
  but it 's definitely a bonus . 
  a wing of the party is deutschnational , yes . 
  but it 's not on their official agenda because that would n't gain them votes and these populists say everything what could be beneficial . 
  believe it or not but the fp\u00d6 was quite different under haider . 
  they changed their antics to attract a broader spectrum and even foreigners . 
  i 've also never really experienced it . 
  i guess most germans do n't want to adopt an austrian dialect because they feel like they are making fun of us . 
  but then again , maybe i just do n't recognize the germans aymore who speak like austrians . 
  they are against whatever gains them more votes . 
  and you ca n't gain votes here with being against croatian , serbians , hungarians , etc so they are against islam . 
   because language is the most important thing when living together with people from another culture . 
  i agree . 
  but that 's how good the eu is.you can move to austria and there will be no difference between an austrian and you . 
  do you communicate with the italian speaking people in english , italian or german ? 
  sounds complicated what to choose . 
  really ? 
  do you have to learn italian instead of english ? 
  because otherwise there should n't be much difference between our countries . 
  our right wing party ( fp\u00d6 ) is not against foreigners from neighboring countries or from the balkans . 
  they are solely against islam . 
  the fp\u00d6 even tries to recruit foreigners as potential voters . 
   holy shit , there are two of us !, 
  where are you guys on the internet ? 
  i 've even seen more german speaking belgians on reddit than south tyroleans.there are even a couple of liechtensteiners here . 
  i think most people miss luxembourg which has 45,9 % of foreigners . 
  that 's crazy . 
  speaking of austria : most of our foreigners are from neighboring countries and the most common foreigners are germans . 
  i do n't mind that to be honest . 
  we used to be a multinational country before . 
  wow that would be too much for me . 
  i kind of enjoy [ the summer here in austria ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fksmu5i.jpg ) at the moment . 
  it 's very inconsistent but at least not unbearable like in the last two years . 
  surprise anschluss . 
  they did n't see it coming and had no chance . 
  he 's a cancer that needs to be removed . 
  we need a progressive turkey . 
  one of the major brexit arguments was that you want to have control over who to let in . 
  right ? 
  and this was n't solely about refugees but about other citizens of the eu . 
  many of the brexit voters ( of course not all ) want to get rid of the eu citizens in the uk . 
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luzekrp8rha the major part of this video was farage insulting the president of the european parliament . 
  then he said a couple of sentences about his ideas of europe . 
  they are very vague . 
  he does n't want a europe which seeks to be a superpower . 
  okay . 
  is this the ambition of the eu ? 
  because last time i checked it was a relatively loose confederation of independent member states which all do their own things in international affairs . 
  he does n't want a europe which is run by the european commission . 
  okay . 
  have i missed something ? 
  are nation states already abolished and the evil european commission is governing us ? 
   also , the brexit movie i 'm too sober right now for this . 
   an united europe of free independent states well , that 's what the eu actually is . 
  only a couple of competences of member states are in brussels . 
  i 'm wondering how farage interprets this . 
  maybe 19/20th century imperialism ? 
  edit : @brexit guys : you 're good at downvoting i 'll give you that . 
  wan na have a discussion or not ? 
  on reddit you should n't downvote just because you disagree . 
  but you get the irony ? 
  you leave with a big `` fuck you guys '' and then you immediately want another union ? 
  who would n't be confused after this kind of behavior . 
  maybe just get your shit together and try to reform the eu . 
  it 's ridiculous what he 's saying . 
  advocating for a close union between france and the uk even though he just campaigned for leaving exactly this union . 
  schnitzelland checking in . 
  where is your judgement germany ? 
  this is literally our second name after austria . 
  you have to speak either french or german but we do convert cultures with our diplomatic power ( we have more than enough of it ) so you can already join . 
  more like the frankish empire . 
  we austrians dislike everything and everyone . 
  and you did n't take vorarlberg even though they wanted to join you and now we have to bear their dialect . 
  can confirm : lost souls please come back into the empire . 
  jokes aside nobody sees the swiss as fools . 
  they may not always be super liked but are definitely well respected . 
  did n't stop us from joining the eu and would n't stop us for an even closer european project with several countries . 
  there is still more room for a closer integration . 
  austria has 9 states which all have their own administrations , parliaments , constitutions , laws etc. 
  you could optimise that in a federal european state . 
  but those states wo n't ever give up their rights so it 's unrealistic that it 'll ever happen . 
  and now we have two countries what could have been one . 
  maybe we get a real unification someday through an european project . 
  i would be interested in that but i would n't like austria joining germany ever again . 
  that 's just not what we are anymore nowadays . 
  then why austria ? 
  are the vorarlberger friendlier than the swiss ? 
  we do n't border france . 
   austria is our brother . 
  we may be a bit estranged , ** but we secretly love each other . 
  ** i said never tell anyone about it . 
  pff . . 
  but now that it 's out i see no point in denying anymore . 
  so you 're french ? 
  flair up .
