  it has a negative and unfamiliar connotation here . 
   also i see that when abroad german and austrian students spend more time together . 
  i like to spend time with people who understand my dialect and speak a dialect themselves . 
  otherwise there is little motivation for me to communicate with germans if i have to speak standard german to them . 
  [ i really like the bayernhymne . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/wnzyvkqgnyi?t=36s ) [ schleswig-holstein is also pretty cool . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arxxw7vjhhs ), 
  all austrian states ( except for vienna ) have an official anthem . 
  [ the anthem of my home state upper austria is the only one which is written in dialect . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/ab8hhm7mrwm?t=8s ) i think this is because all austrian states have a very distinct and strong regional identity . 
   your logic to say all hofer voters are fp\u00d6 voters still does n't make sense . 
  a vote for hofer is a vote for the fp\u00d6 . 
  it 's that easy . 
  i 've seen some postings of you and they all seemed very fp\u00d6-ish to me . 
  just an observation . 
   are you also calling all vdb voters green ? 
  nah , most of his voters were just afraid of demagogues like hofer . 
   a single person who will ** then have to stop all their work in the party they belonged to and take on a nonpartisan position ** . 
  do n't be na\u00efve . 
  he always said that he is a fp\u00d6 candidate . 
  he would have done anything to make his buddy hc chancellor as soon as possible . 
  i have you tagged as `` hofer voter '' . 
  he 's fp\u00d6 , right ? 
   this is wrong . 
  well , of course if you 're a nationalist or racist then it 's relevant for you . 
  but believe me the majority of austrians is not like that even though we always get accused of racism on the internet . 
  it 's just a very loud minority of people . 
  i went to school with people whose parents came from countries like serbia , croatia or afghansitan to austria and it never crossed my mind that they were n't austrian . 
  and they were n't even citizens yet because austria has very strict laws in that regard . 
   your countrymen you quoted a convinced voter of the fp\u00d6 . 
  they are not representitive for austria . 
  they are just very loud . 
   ethnic italians ethnicity is bullshit anyway . 
  genetically all humans are super similar and people from different places are being mixed since forever . 
  look at how many foreign influences affected italy just in the last 2000 years . 
  this whole heritage thing just is n't relevant in europe . 
  if you grew up here and speak the local language then you 're austrian for example . 
  it does n't matter where your grandparents came from or which passport you have . 
  the society and culture you 're living in and grew up is the key . 
  i 've seen a couple of americans on reddit who claim to be austrian even though they have never lived here nor speak german . 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
  [ deleted ] means that the submitter deleted it . 
  otherwise it would be [ removed ] . 
  anyway , we should consider renaming this sub to / r/askeuropeabouttrump . 
  at least temporarily . 
  i would n't even know how to classify austria . 
  yes we speak a germanic language but austria was always in the heart of europe with influences from everywhere . 
  just to visualize this in the last 2000 years . 
  there were celts in austria who got romanized and spoke a romance language . 
  then germanic and slavic people appeared and settled here but there were also many people from nomadic tribes ( avars , magyars ) who settled here . 
  the germanic language won the language war but all cultures got mixed together and created what austria is today . 
   a lot of students go there and ** party all night , ski all day ** . 
  does n't sound like what you would do after a long day of skiing . 
  maybe i 'm just getting old . 
  not in my dialect here in upper austria . 
  i doubt that any austrian dialect uses these verbs in the preterite ( except for `` sein '' and `` wollen '' in your list ) . 
  yeah . 
  the internet loves to discuss that for some reason . 
  it 's kind of exhausting because nobody talks about the great music but instead of his nationality even though this concept did n't even really exist back then . 
  that 's also a great choice . 
  i did n't want to take mozart because i 'm sick of all the discussions online . 
  well , that 's difficult . 
  my personal choice would be the [ radetzkymarsch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afm9pv8rypq ) since it 's basically like a national anthem in austria . 
  you could say the same about the [ donauwalzer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enetopnpiii ) . 
  sure it is . 
  do n't ever learn a language you do n't really like . 
  it 's a waste of time because you will never master this language without motivation and interest . 
  they always call the president of the austrian skiing association by his honorary title on television : herr professor . 
   will a doktor be pissed if you do n't call him by his title ? 
  maybe . 
  depends on the person . 
  it 's definitely a major faux pas on your side . 
  bachelor is one of the new titles which only exists since a couple of years here . 
  nobody mentions them in everyday language because they are not really compatible for austria : they are written behind the name . 
  maybe my memory fools me . 
  it 's been so long . 
  imo even in german games like gothic the english version was better than the german one . 
  i prefer english versions because they usually have more speakers than the german version . 
  even in big games voices repeat itself often so many characters have the same voice . 
  i also think that german versions often sound quite artificial and unnatural even though the voice actors are not bad per se . 
  i guess it 's too much kitsch for us . 
  we know that the reality in austria is n't like that and that 's probably the reason why it was n't successful here . 
  yeah i know . 
  this is typical for reddit . 
  people are not open for discussions but rather stay in their echo chamber and downvote everything they disagree of . 
  this goes for all political sides on this platform . 
  we took in 100.000 in one year . 
  that 's more than enough for a little country like austria . 
  but this ca n't go on and on . 
  dear germans , you ca n't save the whole world . 
  i do n't know why so many of you think like that . 
  maybe some of you think you have to make up for sins of the past . 
  i do n't know . 
  germany 's policy lured many many people to europe who would n't have come otherwise . 
  even in wartorn countries like syria there is n't war everywhere . 
  you do n't have to bring so many at once to central europe . 
   but i respect her handling of the refugee crisis . 
  are you serious ? 
  her handling was beyond terrible . 
  just open the floodgates without knowing who you actually take in .
