  we 're just sick of germans telling us what we are . 
   austria counts only as one state . 
  nah , not really . 
  austria consists of the historical regions of upper austria , lower austria and vienna . 
  all the other states are not austria in the narrower sense but part of the republic of austria . 
   you also failed to get in my trap , germany has only 16 states . 
  why should i know how many states germany has ? 
   there is a reason why we use one subreddit for example . 
  tbh / r/de is relatively uninteresting for people who are not from germany . 
  i 'm not often there anymore since it 's almost 99,5 % about german stuff . 
  i recently searched a bit and there were like 3 topics about austria in the last couple of weeks . 
   brd and austria both just happen to be german countries . 
  we do n't see ourselves as a german country . 
  we do n't want to have anything to do with germany and being german . 
   do n't worry though we still see you guys as the 20th state . 
  austria consists of 9 states . 
  which one should be number 20 ? 
  are you really austrian ? 
  have you ever been here ? 
  basically nobody thinks anymore that we were invaded by the nazis . 
  i mean the austrofascists were invaded but the population was very much in favour of the nazis . 
  it 's also very insulting if you call austrians uneducated . 
  being german is an identity which people in austria do not identify with anymore . 
  you really think that there are ethnic germans ? 
  people of german blood ? 
  just look at the history of austria in the last 2000 years . 
  our population is a mix of people from all different parts of europe . 
  celts , germanics , slavs , romans , etc, 
   austrians ~ ~ are ~ ~ were germans . 
  ftfy it 's not 1918 anymore . 
  this changes often . 
  i think * women * just recently came to * health * . 
   that is not a nationality according to todays understanding though . 
  the nationalities of today did n't exist back then anyway . 
  ohh . 
  you have just acquired the lovely town of vitoraz . 
  i hope you can deliver your promise to fulfill the deal . 
  depends what you offer in return . 
  so the city of weitra/vitoraz was once part of bohemia ? 
  i did n't know that . 
  that escalated quickly . 
  * sobs in austrian *, 
  if we held grudges because of the past we would all hate each other in europe . 
  much shit happened in the past . 
  that 's why this european project is so unique and amazing . 
  we work together and not against each other . 
  your mindset is upsetting . 
  the germans of today have nothing to do with the past of their country the same as the french of today have nothing to do with what happened in their past . 
   albeit the austrians seem to all have a very serious speech impediment . 
  actually it 's the opposite . 
  the germans have the serious speech impediment . 
  we have to pay as well in austria !, 
  at every single toll station . 
  they are scamming us as well . 
   but tunnels are super expensive and i guess you want to arrive as fast as possible at your holiday destination so we all have to pay for the infrastructure . 
  yup , many . 
  but most are with people inside . 
  though , i paid at a machine like in the picture at the brenner . 
  the machine triggered me because it said * guten tag * and not * gr\u00fc\u00df gott * . 
   i do n't know what 's so extreme in my view ? 
  you said that you are in germany . 
  but the country is actually called * republic of austria * . 
  of course that 's extremism if you consider us to be a different country . 
  that 's high treason . 
  and do n't try to use historical terms and identities like that in the 21st century . 
  i know myself that even 100 years ago austrians considered themselves german but things changed . 
  identities can change and this is what happened in the last 70 years . 
  funny that you found yourself a place here where they upvote your bullshit . 
  this is pretty much an extremist opinion in austria . 
  not even extreme right-wingers would dare to say that . 
  but apparently foreigners here on / r/europe love what you write . 
  but everybody who reads that be assured that this is the opinion of less than 1 % of the population . 
  go to germany if you want to be german . 
  almost all austrians do n't want that though . 
  we have our identity . 
  we do n't need anything else . 
   i do n't see why bdr has to have a monopoly on german nationality . 
  it 's not a problem for us since we do n't have this identity anymore . 
  you just have to careful with the different terms . 
  a modern german ( citizen of the federal republic of germany ) is n't the same as an historic german . 
  even 100 years ago all german speakers considered themselves german . 
  this changed . 
  ask a german speaking belgian , luxembourger , swiss , austrian , etc. 
  we do n't live in the past . 
  certain things change and so has this term and identity . 
   too bad why ? 
  what would have been the purpose of such a corridor ? 
  just for nationalist sentiments ? 
  yup . 
  bastian sick is the worst . 
  he 's not even a germanist but more an amateur who does n't know what he 's talking about . 
  not really . 
  just in colloquial speech . 
  if you open a book or newspaper you will see an abundance of genitives . 
  it also depends where you are . 
  in northern germany where they speak standard german they use the genitive a lot while in the south it 's non-existent because the dialects just do n't have a genitive anymore since centuries . 
  it 's a bit misleading because for example the romance languages do use cases but only in pronouns . 
   where is this picture from ? 
  pass thurn/jochberg right at the border between salzburg and tirol . 
  it belongs to the ski-region of kitzb\u00fchel .
