  english is n't my native language and it was not my intention to be rude . 
  let me think for a moment : you funded the terrorists in afghanistan who later turned against you . 
  you invaded iraq which opened the door for lunatics like isis to create a terrorist caliphate . 
  so all in all the world would be in a better state now if you had done nothing . 
  actually there is no dialect continuum between german and danish . 
  they are very different languages but obviously with many similar words because of shared roots and low german influence on danish . 
  from what i understand there is a dialect continuum between the romance languages . 
  but maybe i 'm wrong . 
  you 're right but it 's still a long way to go until we reach that point . 
  it wo n't work with these right wing idiots like farage , hofer , wilders , le pen , etc who want the nation states imperialist times back . 
  and these guys are gaining a lot of votes at the moment . 
  i 'm sure there are people who want them `` back '' especially in ( north and east ) tyrol . 
  but most austrians do n't care about the topic . 
  especially here in northern austria . 
  it does n't concern us but a tyrolean probably thinks differently about it . 
  personally i would n't be against them coming to austria but i would be against it if they want to have an autonomy like they have in italy . 
  i also think that it would be better to connect our countries more through the european union . 
  so i 'm skeptical of most separatist movements inside the eu . 
  and this minority in scania wants to be independent or do they want to join denmark ? 
  i 've heard their dialect is similar to danish . 
  i know about south tyrol but what about vall\u00e9e d\u2019aoste ? 
  do they have similiar ambitions ? 
  if i had to move to another country i would just move behind the border in bavaria which is n't far from my home . 
  boring answer but i like it here . 
  furthermore i would be afraid to move to other neighbors of us because of the language barrier and you have to deal with a lot of bureaucracy if you live abroad . 
  yes . 
  and this term was very different compared to now . 
  i 'm not a german nationalist . 
  quite the opposite actually . 
  but when i look at our history i see that our ancestors considered themselves german . 
  it 's just how it is . 
  we 've got our own and seperate identity now and i 'm proud of it . 
  but denying the facts is also a little immature . 
  i 'm not sure if you read my post . 
  i also think that it 's equally wrong to call mozart a german in the modern sense . 
  of course he is one of ours and sha n't be claimed by germany . 
  there are tons of differences . 
  but you 'll find them in different parts of germany as well . 
  i would n't say that austria is special because that would be arrogant . 
  there is basically no difference between bavaria and austria . 
  same mentality , same culture , same language . 
  but northern germany and austria are definitely different . 
  we southerners are n't as direct as northerners . 
  we are polite but we do n't mean it . 
  that 's how christoph waltz described it and it 's spot on . 
  we austrians also think that we 've got a sense of humor compared to the germans . 
  please do n't open pandora 's box for mozart . 
  he was neither austrian nor german in a modern sense . 
  he was a historical german what would now be an austrian . 
  nowadays germans are only citizens of the federal republic of germany . 
  that was different even 100 years ago . 
  and beethoven was really german . 
  how do we feel about each other ? 
  i think the germans do n't really care about us . 
  we 're just the neighbor with the funny dialects which is not really foreign . 
  we austrians on the other hand make a living out of talking shit about the germans . 
  many would say we have an inferiority complex after once being a gigantic empire . 
  maybe it 's true . 
  idk . 
  anyway . 
  germans are n't really liked in austria . 
  maybe because there are so many who come to austria to study and think that they do n't have to adjust to our rules and culture . 
  it 's more like a hate/love relationship on our side though because they are somehow likeable after all . 
  edit : inferiority complex, 
  it depends on the country . 
  i live in a little country with not even 10 million inhabitants . 
  despite that we have 9 states which all have their own legislation ( including 9 different constitutions , different laws , 9 parliaments , regional governments , etc ) . 
  for example we have different building regulations and youth protection laws in every state . 
  these states think that they are the real austria and the founders of the republic and not the federal state . 
  so for us this crazy federalism makes no sense it 's almost absurd . 
  but i think it can make sense to decentralise for larger countries with culturally and economically different regions . 
   she says it 's like people have not yet fully accepted her . 
  they 're polite , but they do n't want to get closer with her . 
  so i guess it really depends on where you live in germany , people are probably not that welcoming to foreigners in every part of germany . 
  on the countryside in bavaria and austria : if you 're not from that particular village you 're automatically a foreigner even if you 're german or austrian . 
  they will call you `` zuagroaster '' and will hate you forever . 
  stupid peasants . 
  yeah sure . 
  but our neighbors do the same thing . 
  the czech call my hometown linec and not linz and the slovene say celovec and not klagenfurt . 
  it 's just that cities have different names in different languages . 
  it has nothing to do with the fact that they used to be german . 
  how difficult was latin for you as an italian ? 
  i had to learn it for four years and it was always a nightmare for me with its declinations . 
  i was so bad . 
  [ google it . 
  it takes 2 seconds . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english_language_in_europe ) speaking about my own country : you would n't be able to properly live here with speaking only english . 
  you would survive somehow because many austrians speak at least basic english but everything else would be a hassle . 
  going to local authorities , going shopping , meeting people , etc. 
  haha . 
  i feel that 's like cheating . 
  you are honorary austrians anyway . 
  been to slovenia last week and i have to say that i barely noticed any differences if you cross the border from carinthia . 
  i mean there are slovenian town signs in austria and in slovenia so it 's really not that easy to say where you are . 
  i mean it 's very subjective but i think you are truly austrian if you 're doing austrian things like : - complain all the time even though everything is fine - be the most patriotic person but do n't consider yourself a patriot - drink beer multiple times a week . 
  even at work - go hiking and eat a brettljausn or a kaiserschmarrn at a h\u00fcttn in the mountains - be active in the nature and do sports - be melancholic about our great history ( `` dei hohe zeit is long vor\u00fcber '' ) - `` hate '' the germans even though there is no plausible reason for it, 
   puntigamer definitely not in upper austria . 
  you wo n't see puntigamer often here and it has also a bad reputation . 
  i think upper austria is a stieglland .
