  it 's like in civ 5 brave new world : there 's always one douchebag a.i. 
  who attacks other civs and gets more and more isolated . 
  i think putin is like alexander . 
  a sneaky motherfucker with many tricks in his repertoire . 
  i think wikipedia sums it up really good : * ... er sah sich selbst als teutscher . 
  '' * there was no germany back then . 
  he was a son of our region . 
  oh no not this again . 
  the term `` german '' used to be completely different in the 18th century than it is today . 
  it applied to a lot more people . 
  nowadays we 've got a couple of modern countries where german is spoken but only one called itself germany . 
  i 'm pretty sure mozart was n't a citizen of the federal republic of germany . 
  i think it was georgia . 
  she looks like an opponent in dragon age . 
  romania 's entry is really good . 
  and they sing in their native language . 
  jesus christ himself for austria, 
  i liked it too, 
  i get it . 
  this all happened shortly after the war and we all know how bestial and suppressing the nazis were towards slavs . 
  we have to see it in this context . 
   all people should forget the old wrongs and turn to the future , he added . 
  the younger generations should n't apologize for things they did n't commit . 
  but forgetting the evils of the 20th century is n't the best idea . 
  it 's good to be aware of such things . 
  though , it would be interesting to see a modern czech republic with a german minority . 
  i guess the whole country would have been different . 
  edit : more precisely : different in terms of bilingualism . 
  i actually like bilingual countries and regions . 
   so mozart most likely saw himself as a german at the time  probably . 
  but he 's still from our region . 
  i think it 's very amusing when tabloids like bild want to make him a modern german . 
  you ca n't really compare the term `` german '' from the 18th century with the 21st century . 
  nowadays a german is a citizen of the federal republic of germany . 
  i 've heard that mother tongue was a big factor for you guys after ww2 . 
  i know the numbers dear prei\u00df . 
  i 'm talking about the eu-laws which are absurd . 
  refugees know how to circumvent it though . 
  [ serious ] thank you to all eu members bordering the mediterranean sea . 
  officially , due to stupid eu laws you have to take almost all seekers of asylum . 
  that 's unfair we should change that asap . 
  because i rarely speak it . 
  a couple of sentences are no problem but a longer conversation requires a little bit of concentration . 
  especially if you are in an informal situation where you would normally speak bavarian . 
  that makes it a little bit exhausting . 
  it 's not a common name anymore . 
  it 's not even close . 
  there is this saying in german : `` kevin ist kein name , sondern eine diagnose '' . 
  `` kevin is not a name , it 's a diagnosis . '', 
  reminds me of my matura . 
  we had a special course to practise ( spoken ) standard german . 
  the problem is : standard german is just so exhausting . 
  i must concentrate all the time if i speak it over a longer period of time . 
  otherwise i 'll switch . 
  and discrimination of eu citizens is illegal . 
  - . - edit : uaahh . 
  i ca n't even look at my screen . 
   une better langue !, 
  is this franglais ? 
   kept most of its infrastructure what ? 
  we got bombed as well . . 
  the house where i live was completely destroyed . 
  it was n't as bad as in berlin or dresden though . 
  no that 's not how it works . 
  we should demand reparations from germany since they forcefully assaulted and annexed us . 
  i do n't know how germans feel about him but for me it 's like he 's always on a `` oh my god i 'm so sorry what happened 70 years ago . . we should pay reparations ... we were such criminals back then '' - trip . 
  does he have another function as well ? 
   you were going to get vienna , but the french objected . 
  source ? 
  i would like to read about this . 
  bavarian is endangered . 
  at least in austria . 
  the situation is probably not as bad as in northern germany but the media influence of standard german is immense . 
  you can actually see ( hear ) it : younger people in bigger cities speak more standard german than bavarian . 
  at the moment it 's a mix between these two though . 
  but it 's declining each generation . 
   become austrian as a result . 
  yes . 
  but if you ask them they say that they 're exclusively * turkish * . 
  even from people who were born in austria and speak perfect german . 
  i ca n't understand this turkish nationalism . 
   government even better : it is a declaration signed by all parties in the parliament . 
  i know and i agreed with your posting . 
   rightfully deported . 
  . . and murdered . 
  but yeah . . they totally deserved it because they all cheered for hitler . 
  / s collective guilt at its best . 
  love it . 
  great song and a beautiful language . 
  but there are at least some left . 
  for example [ belle delphine ] ( http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/delphine_wespiser ) . 
  damn . . 
  even non european countries like iran are more relevant than austria in this sub . 
  interesting . 
  should n't be russian higher than german and italian ? 
  `` mountain '', 
  access to the sea . 
  you could say that about a lot of regions . 
  but i agree that this area has a special history . 
  most parts of austria were part of the roman empire .
