  he was n't even in the fp\u00d6 in the end but founded his own party . 
  look , you want to potray austria as some kind of nazi country . 
  but the fp\u00d6 would have no chance if they supported such views . 
  are they populist and right-wing ? 
  yes . 
  but they are now mainstream and ca n't make any radical proposals . 
  i have no interest in arguing for the afd . 
  you 'll see it anyway in the future . 
  unfortunately they wo n't go away as easily as the pirates . 
  and as much as i hate the fp\u00d6 they are n't neo nazis as well . 
  inform yourself about austrian politics if you want to have a discussion about it . 
  since you 're polish : i do n't think the fp\u00d6 and the pis are that different . 
  so i would be careful if you 're going this way . 
  i 'm absolutely not in favour of the afd but what you are saying is nonsense . 
  they reached over 12 % in their first ever participation in berlin . 
  that means they grew from zero . 
  that 's huge . 
  normally newly founded parties do n't grow like that . 
  usually they grow slowly . 
  really ? 
  i see populist parties all over europe gaining . 
  i would say it 's rather germany which used to be the exception . 
  germans will have to get used to the afd . 
  it 's a miracle that there has n't already been a party like that for much longer . 
  so much potential for them . 
  if they only knew ... 
  we 're still here and bringing $ $ $ to you by storming your islands and camping sites every year !!!, 
  let 's see . . if we continue fucking up the presidential election we just take a habsburg and ask nicely our neighbors . 
  you 'll hear from us . 
  i do n't think they want to join austria . 
  the same as we do n't want to join germany . 
  since he 's a comedian he wants to reproduce an extra cringy accent . 
  * after the brexit and the upcoming expulsion of the hungarians i want to advertise to throw the irish out as well ( actually : to show them the door ) . 
  because it 's a joke . 
  he 's a satirist . 
  right . 
  i want to add that i 'm against the spirit of the comment above ( `` break some legs '' etc. ) . 
  i just wanted to say that i understand why he is angry . 
  well , can you blame him ? 
  i would also feel insulted if my countrymen were racially abused on a large scale abroad . 
  edit : i was not very precise . 
  i wanted to say : can you blame him for being angry . 
  why should i be joking ? 
  austria would have joined visegrad if it was n't vetoed by hungary 2 years ago . 
  and the fp\u00d6 was not involved in that . 
   hofer , who is nobody not true . 
  he is currently number # 3 in all of austria since he is the third president of the national council and there is no president at the moment . 
   also hofer is against bene\u0161 decrees and against nuclear energy . 
  well , they are both populists which have a particular goal in mind . 
  they are in favour of everything which suits them the best at the moment so i guess it 's not that problematic . 
   slavkov triangle that 's definitely not comparable with visegrad . 
  we need a strong format and not 3-4 small ones which no one even knows . 
  i would like austria to join visegrad . 
  there must be a strong alliance which can compete against the franco-allemand supremacy in the eu . 
  we have a lot of similar interests especially in foreign politics so this should work . 
  maybe also add slovenia ? 
  true . 
  that makes it more difficult . 
  no , but seriously our relations are more than shit at the moment . 
  you should win a price for antagonizing us . 
  it 's not that easy because we are a peaceful and neutral country far away from you which does n't want to have bad relations . 
  that turkey will attack austria ? 
  i doubt it . 
  even though we are not in nato we have some powerful allies which turkey does n't want to mess with . 
  do you really think the habsburgs would miss a chance to enlarge their domain ? 
  do n't expect anything from power hungry aristocrats . 
  and especially not because of some historic aid . 
  they wo n't care . 
  i only understand `` mama '' . 
  that 's universal language . 
  thanks . 
  very catchy . 
  i like it . 
  are there also songs about germany and russia about to come later ? 
  now they are all dancing . 
  is this like a super popular song in poland ? 
  i have no idea why i 'm watching . 
  i guess i have to fetch myself a beer as well . 
  cheers . 
  you also think that we hate you . 
  i 've never met anyone in austria who hated italy and italians . 
  maybe in football but we hate all national teams including most of the time our own one . 
  huh ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  england is a very pretty city . 
  i 've been there 2 times already . 
  if you say so . 
  i can only speak for myself and i felt more `` at home '' in slovenia and the czech republic than in germany . 
   austria and germany were always closely connected lol yes , but veeery loosely . 
  even loose federations like the eu are more connected than the holy roman empire ever was . 
   northern germans are still closer to you than czech people absolutely not . 
  northern germans share only the language with us . 
  and not even that because our spoken german is quite different than theirs . 
  because we were connected for a very long time under the same rulers . 
  thus we have a very similar culture . 
  similar traditions , cuisine , folklore , etc , etc. 
  we also share more interests in politics nowadays . 
  in germany it 's only bavaria which is familiar to us . 
  culture is not only connected to language . 
  we share more with the czechs for example than with germans outside of bavaria .
