  but backstabbing is worse . 
  the french and italian speaking swiss were against vorarlberg because it would have given the german speakers more power . 
  and the swiss did n't want them otherwise they would now be part of switzerland . 
  and they got their bilingual signs now . 
  i 've been there this summer . 
  yes . 
  of course you 're right . 
  that 's just what we remember when talking about italy and ww1 . 
  b\u00fcndnistreue ( loyalty to an alliance ) is very important where i am from . 
   because our grandfathers ~ ~ won a war ~ ~ changed sides in order to win a war to secure the borders in the alps . 
  ftfy, 
   why did n't as many people from klagenfurt vote green ? 
  carinthia is always a bit different . 
  they are basically our texas . 
  the rest of the innviertel is veeeery blue though and therefore the only region in upper austria where hofer was strong . 
  the fp\u00d6 is always strong there . 
  some might say they are still salty about being annexed by austria 200 years ago . 
   such is life . 
  right . 
  the opportunity was there in the past for a shared history in the future but it failed due to certain circumstances . 
  i personally blame prussia which is the source of all evil . 
  not anymore . 
  for me german is just within the borders of germany . 
  we have our own identity now . 
  we are not citizens of the brd so we 're not german . 
  it 's as easy as that . 
  think about the gardasee and the delicious pizza . 
  it will pay off . 
  i like cisalpina . 
  no vienna but italy instead . 
  but we still have no coastline so only 9/10 . 
  can confirm . 
  croatia is just breathtaking and we should talk about it more often . 
  slovenia as well . 
  we do have politicians who are capable of doing that here in austria . 
  those parties just did not make it to the second round because especially the two big parties sent atrocious candidates . 
  because you 're not the one they are looking for . 
   you 're probably neither a suspicious smuggler nor an arab looking person . 
  austria is a bit different though . 
  we share a lot of things with all of our neighbors . 
  this is due to our central position in europe . 
  keep in mind that our language is a germanic language but we 've been influenced by many different peoples . 
  we certainly share a lot things with southern germany but focusing only on them would be a very simple illustration . 
  what 's a * little brother * of a country anyway ? 
  i will never get these comparisons . . 
  it was showing the people 's opinion ? 
  it was 99,75 % !!!!, 
  you wo n't get such a consensus on any given topic . 
  by the way . . the vote was n't even secret . 
  people voted publicly because they were afraid of the armed nazis in the room . 
  they did n't want to look suspicious, 
   i think that the fact that most austrians consider themselves a separate nation from germans is a temporary phenomenon caused by ww2 . 
  why should we suddenly identify as germans ? 
  germany is a different country and germans are foreigners . 
  i 'm not sure how this should work . 
  what 's past is past . 
  the dutch or luxembourger also wo n't identify as german again . 
   of course it 's not up to me whether the austrian nation exists , it 's just my opinion that it does n't exist . 
  in either case my point is that the austrian state is redundant . 
  whether or not austrians and germans are separate nations they could easily be unified within the same state . 
  i do n't even know what to say . 
  i 'm not in the mood to argue but let me tell you that this is quite insulting to me . 
   i do n't think an austrian nation exists . 
  if it was n't for recent history i think a merger would enjoy as much support as it did before the mid 20th century . 
  ok buddy , this is where you have to stop . 
  i do n't want to be rude and you seem like a level-headed and rational person so you should understand that this is not up to you if an austrian nation exists . 
  for us it exists and that means that it exists . 
  this is not your business . 
  national identities come and go . 
  you really think that the germanic tribes had a common identity ? 
  they did not . 
  the german identity and therefore nation was formed in the middle ages so relatively late . 
  just because ours was formed after 1945 does n't make it inferior or less valid . 
  i hope you understand . 
  this would be a funny country . 
  4 million people . 
  2 m slovenes and 2 m austrians . 
  call me naive but i think it would n't go well for too long . 
  i just know what the carinthians are like . 
  they would try to burn ljubljana down to the ground if you annexed them . 
  i 'm not sure why you would even want this . 
  this would shift ( or even mess up ) germany 's domestic policy completely . 
  furthermore this is never going to happen anyway because austrians do n't identify themselves as germans anymore and both countries drifted apart since 1945 . 
  it 's really really really unwanted and unpopular here . 
   also , austria should just join germany as a free state similar to bavaria and save themselves the cost of the infrastructure of an independent state . 
  yeah no thanks . 
  we 're good . 
  by the way : you 'd have to take 9 austrian states otherwise they would never agree . 
  and now do n't say that you could abolish these states just with a referendum . . the population of austria is very connected to where they live . 
  for example a tyrolean would never want to merge his state with salzburg or carinthia . 
  this would be impossible for the population . 
  we do n't even succeed to merge municipalities here because there is too much resistance . 
   the `` german '' - part from its name . 
  for the interested : [ this was the austrian anthem for a short time directly after ww1 . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzbaytf0olm ) it says literally deutsch\u00f6sterreich -  german austria . 
  with this name the austrians wanted to pursue a unification with the weimar republic . 
  they did n't think that this little rest of a former empire would have any future . 
  austria used this narrative to its advantage and i 'm sure many people believed it . 
  therefore officially we were victims but because of that we avoided communism . 
  not a bad lie if you ask me .
