  there are so many poor people on this planet who have a worse life than most europeans but we ca n't help them all . 
  this is n't about xenophobia but just common sense . 
  these people are as crazy as neonazis . 
  sure . 
  there are also many different languages/dialects in germany even though the trend nowadays is more and more towards standard german . 
  luxembourg did n't want that and made luxembourgish their national language . 
  thanks . 
  out of curiosity i watched a speech of juncker in luxembourgish a couple of months ago . 
  to be honest it did n't really remind me of dutch but sounded kind of similar to k\u00f6lsch . 
  there are of course elements which are more closely to low german/dutch than for example high german . 
  the `` dat '' and `` apel '' for example . 
  the high german consonant shift 1500 years ago did n't `` conquer '' all luxembourgish words . 
  it 's a joke term with a true core : the south is an area with cultural differences , language differences and even historical and political differences compared to the rest of german speaking territories . 
  south stronk !, 
  at least in austria you would n't cast a poor light on luxembourg when speaking loudly . 
  everything above the wei\u00dfwurst\u00e4quator is just prussian for us . 
  so chances are high that we do n't recognize luxembourgish . 
  ha someone asked me that last year in croatia . 
  i always thought this is only a joke . 
  but if you know german it 's not impossible to understand luxembourgish . 
  and a lot of people speak german . 
  sure . 
  [ try the austrian citizenship test . 
  ] ( http://www.staatsbuergerschaft.gv.at/index.php?id=24 ), 
   and no they not just populist and corrupt . 
  however much against i am to random nazi calling and even though i 'm actually pretty right wing fp\u00d6 just have very ugly roots , you can not shake off the fact that their first leader reinthaller was an ss member and minister during the war so easily , sorry . 
  even if the party had a thorough purge of every nasty element in it it and there was a guarantee they only had reasonable people it would still leave a bad taste in my mouth . 
  there were so many former nazis in austrian politics in the 60s and 70s . 
  even more were with the social democrats . 
  and you know why ? 
  because there were so many of them that you could n't imprison all of them for good . 
  you ca n't really compare the fp\u00d6 of 2016 with the fp\u00d6 of the 70s . 
  the same as you ca n't compare any party with the 70s . 
  politics changes fast . 
  the fp\u00d6 was also kind of liberal before j\u00f6rg haider took over . 
  the fp\u00d6 also has contacts to israel . 
  their leader strache [ was invited to israel in april from the likud party ] ( http://derstandard.at/2000034650291/strache-und-hochrangige-fpoe-politiker-in-israel ) . 
  right wing parties are all somehow connected . 
  you are using the word `` nazi '' only because it 's austria . 
  in reality there is not much difference between the fp\u00d6 and any other standard european populist party . 
  they are even softer than the front national for example . 
  they have a lot of scum too in their party . 
  but it 's not a radical nazi party . 
  they are populist and probably corrupt . 
  there are so many misconceptions about them . 
  only because it 's austria everyone is freaking out . 
   basically 49,7 % of the austrian population is not afraid to be called a nazi any more . 
  dude stop . 
  you apparently do n't know anything about austrian politics . 
  calling voters nazis even though there was only a choice between a refugees welcome kind of guy and a suspicious populist is n't fair . 
  i do n't like both candidates but there is a lot of fear in austria because of the refugee crisis . 
  and a lot of people are fed up with the government . 
  vice alps lol . 
  try again . 
  but that does n't make him a fascist or extremist . 
  it 's exaggerated by foreign media . 
  they are not seen as extremists in austria . 
  they also do n't act extremist . 
  just populist . 
  but because of our history everyone is losing their minds . 
  exactly . 
  he has a lot of power but nobody ever really used it before . 
   the fp\u00d6 are the guys who want another anschluss , right ? 
  this is not one of their goals . 
  some individuals of this party probably think like that but not publicly . 
  or else they would immediately lose all credibility . 
   germany is really too powerful a country to exist , giving it even more power by allowing it to expand would be ridiculous . 
  ever since its creation it 's upset the balance of power in europe and caused a lot of unrest amongst the rest of europe . 
  we can see with the recent refugee crisis that people still fear german dominance just as they did 100-150 years ago . 
  this kind of excites me to try something forbidden . 
  yes . 
  but that would be the least difficult part of such a process . 
  we would have to ask the former allies of ww2 and i do n't think they would refuse this wish . 
  more difficult would be to get the austrians to be in favor of such a merge and how to fuse the austrian with the german administration . 
  note that austria is approximately as big as bavaria but has 9 different states . 
  each state has its own parliament , its own laws , its own constitution , its own government , its own administration , etc , etc. 
  we would have to downsize the adminisitration and this would be truly unthinkable because jobs would be lost . 
   is not enough to know if i agree with fp\u00d6 or not ? 
  it 's not enough . 
  because we austrians are n't sure either what their real face is . 
  they could be just corrupt or they are something worse . 
  wanting to turn austria into something undemocratic for example . 
  i 'm not sure myself . 
  why should you be better informed about this party ? 
   far right is rising to `` solve a problem '' and they will create a bigger one . 
  we will see in the future how it ends . 
  i would n't use the old left-right spectrum anymore . 
  for me it 's enough that they are populist which makes them dubious and shady . 
  making politics with the fears of people is never a good sign . 
  it always depends on the situation and the background . 
  populist right wing parties could emerge everywhere . 
  why is portugal not electing someone like that ? 
  i 'll take a wild guess and say that you did n't have millions of foreign people marching through your country last and this year . 
  you did n't have 100.000 of them staying . 
  those parties want such events to happen because they use the fear of people to get votes . 
  if this event never happened they would n't be that strong now . 
  of course this is a little bit too easy just to reduce it on the refugee crisis . 
  the fp\u00d6 was strong even before that . 
  not that high though . 
  the thing is : they are masters of deception .
