  you only read `` far right extremist gets voted in austria '' and ask yourself : why austria are you doing this again ? 
  but in reality this guy ( hofer ) does n't act extremist . 
  i 'm sure he has a questionable mindset but he hides it very well . 
  and the rest of the party does the same . 
  the fp\u00d6 is just not viewed as extremist here . 
  and you as a portuguese person ca n't judge the situation properly . 
  you can only tell what english speaking media and maybe portuguese or spanish media is telling you about the situation . 
  that 's not a real insight . 
   evil ? 
  but maybe it 's not the cute and progressive place that everyone ( which goes far away beyond reddit ) think it is . 
  people are people . 
  you 'll find as many idiots , racists and bigots in portugal as in austria . 
   i 'm not german neither i 'm defending germany 's past . 
  i just find silly that everyone ignores the past of austria with far rights . 
  i read such things quite often on reddit . 
  i do n't really know why you want to `` blame '' a country anyway . 
  i would n't blame germany or austria but the nazis for ww2 . 
  for ww1 the european nobility which did n't get the memo to fuck off . 
  simple people mostly have n't had much to say in such matters . 
  hitler for example was n't even voted into office even though many people think so . 
  i 'm kind of getting used to people on reddit saying that austria is the pure evil which should n't exist . 
  i guess so . 
  this `` all against us mentality '' is definitely working . 
  we 've already seen it in austria in 2000 when the eu imposed sanctions on austria because the fp\u00d6 came into a coalition . 
  they had to sign a paper that they are democrats the whole thing was very shady from the eu ( especially from schr\u00f6der and chirac ) and even people who were against the fp\u00d6 thought that this was unacceptable . 
  i 'm fairly certain that hofer will win . 
  i 'm getting ready for the international shitstorm which will break out over austria . 
  unfortunately this will only help the fp\u00d6 even more . 
  : * `` look !, 
  they do n't respect your democratic decision !, 
  bad eu !, 
  bad neighbors !, 
  vote for the fp\u00d6 !, 
   also . . how the hell did austria get better at football than italy , france , netherlands ? 
  we played a very good qualifying tournament for the euro . 
  we beat teams like russia and sweden in their own stadium . 
  it would n't be easy for teams like france or italy to beat us at the moment . 
  and we also have great players . 
  alaba is our key player and very versatile . 
  fuchs won the premier league with leicester and was voted for the best full-back of the league . 
  i could go on and on . 
  anyway , this fifa ranking is n't the best tool to measure how good a team actually is . 
  it is flawed . 
  this discussion wo n't lead anywhere . 
  you have n't even heard about plattdeutsch aka low german . 
  have a nice day . 
   incorrect once more , you speak a german dialect , as we have dutch dialects as well , dutch is not a dialect however but a language , austrian is not a language , people in austria speak german . 
  and the northern german dialects ? 
  are they now dutch dialects or german dialects ? 
  they are closer to dutch than to standard german even though we consider them to be german dialects . 
  once again just a matter of definitions . 
   that dialect continuum is not german . 
  yeah . 
  call it west germanic dialect continuum . 
  it does n't matter . 
   austrian is not a language , people in austria speak german . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  of course there is no `` austrian language '' but i never said that . 
  people in austria speak alemannic dialects ( in vorarlberg and parts of tyrol ) and bavarian dialects in the rest of the country . 
  there is no difference between language and dialect in linguistics . 
  we call it german because politics . 
  luxembourgers call their dialect a different language because of politics . 
  i do n't even say that dutch is n't a different language . 
  i do n't know why you 're so protective about linguistic facts . 
   german is a west germanic language as well , but west germanic languages are n't german . 
  it 's just a matter of definitions . 
  dutch and german are in a dialect continuum . 
  there are a lot of different languages/dialects in germany , austria and the netherlands which are kind of different but also very close . 
  i also do n't speak standard german here in my city and region but another west germanic language/dialect which we consider to be german because it 's in the dialect continuum . 
  the funny thing is : the part where hitler is originally from ( innviertel ) historically belongs to bavaria . 
  it was ceded to austria relatively late . 
  you can still see it today in elections because the people there vote a lot more for the fp\u00d6 which is kind of `` deutschnational '' ( that means thinking that austria is german ) . 
  you are dutch , right ? 
  are you germans too after this definition ? 
  because dutch is also just another form of german ( ic ) which happened to get standardized . 
  seriously . . do n't talk about ethnicities in 2016 . 
  even 1000 years ago austria was n't purely germanic . 
  before germanic tribes conquered the area there were the romans , before the romans there were the celts , etc. 
  the only thing that changed after the roman and later on the germanic conquest was the language . 
   it says europ\u00e4ische union on there too . 
  and since the eu = 4th reich , you 've been angeschlossen again . 
  i knew it . . 
  i 'm secretly living inside of germany without even knowing . 
  you know . . 
  i 'm pretty sure to be honest . 
  i 'm just looking at my austrian passport and i 'm certain that i do n't have another one . . 
  you are now banned from / r/aeiou . 
  like most austrians i do n't live in the mountains so i honestly do n't know in which ravine i should shit . 
  donauschei\u00dfer would be more appropriate . 
  `` you are germans . '', 
  my country 's name is different than the english name . 
  it 's \u00d6sterreich in german which means eastern land/realm . 
  in the famous nibelungenlied it 's also called `` daz ( the z is pronounced like an s ) osterlant '' which means the land in the east . 
  sometimes it 's even difficult to determine what is actually a noun and what not . 
  that 's not always clear because adjectives and participles can sometimes act as nouns too therefore you have to be careful . 
  it 's important if you want to write correctly but in reality when writing text messages on the phone or on the internet in general many people do n't care and do n't capitalize nouns . 
  just too much work . 
  yes . 
  everything bigger than the neusiedler see is an ocean to me . 
  at least we have nice lakes which makes me not too sad about glorious k.u.k triest .
