  the most famous song in a minority language in the recent past is [ a song from vorarlberg which is the only state in austria which speaks an alemannic dialect ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmi2m06yffc ) like in switzerland and not a bavarian dialect like the rest of the country . 
  it 's quite hard to understand everything for most austrians outside of vorarlberg . 
   if we look at how my country is perceived in the public eye , especially among our immediate neighbors , things look pretty good . 
  you sure ? 
  we are not really fond of you . 
  it 's more the younger people here with this opinion and not the very old ones . 
  yup . 
  what 's next ? 
  invading poland ? 
  austrian airlines is already owned by the germans ( lufthansa ) so i removed them from my memory . 
  that austrians really love their country . 
  i think we are rather patriotic compared to our other german speaking neighbors . 
  i do n't think many people know this . 
  sounds like a typical grumpy grandpa . 
   northern germany really does not equal prussian . 
  it does . 
  northern germany = prussia . 
  everything and everyone . 
  but they do n't advocate to change the borders . 
  doing that actively would n't be perceived well here . 
  ohh . 
  but that would be a watschngsicht . 
  silly germans . 
   backpfeifengesicht i speak german and i have absolutely no idea what that is . 
  an innviertler saying nice things about linz ??? 
  i 'm speechless . 
  thank you . 
  i liked jp2 because he played an important part in the fall of the soviet union and he was also just a cool dude . 
  and he survived being shot and forgave his attacker and i think even talked a lot with him in prison . 
  [ my favourite is this one . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2asgigngbz8 ), 
  it 's not a historical grudge . 
  they are just the big bad neighbor . 
  our dislike of germany is what connects all austrians and is part of the national identity . 
  well , that 's just what we are . 
  but to be fair it 's hard to cheer for someone you do n't like . 
  neutral i 'd say . 
  we do n't hate them but we also do n't support them . 
  that 's accurate . 
  the room was completely quiet and disappointed when g\u00f6tze scored the final goal to make germany world champions in 2014 . 
  we all cheered for argentinia . 
   until i learned many germans do n't regard us as a separate country but more like ` little germany ' . 
  yeah , this happens so frequently and in so many different ways . 
  they do n't only say that all the time but also act like that when they come to austria . 
  it 's insulting if you consider your neighbor to be a backward and silly extension of your own country . 
  i 'm not surprised that no austrian has contributed to this thread yet . 
  we just do n't have a * best friend * . 
  we only have good friends . 
  yes , i always tip my barber because they do n't have great salaries anyway . 
  tbh i 'm not sure what you mean without examples . 
   `` ich bin am telefonieren '' that does n't exist in the bavarian dialects though . 
  but we also have a progressive form : * i dua grod telefoniern . 
  * -  i do at the moment to phone . 
  the many different tenses . 
  in my dialect of german we basically only use 2 tenses so that 's definitely still hard for me . 
  i do feel feel connected with the archduchy of austria and the austrian empire . 
  also a bit with the holy roman empire which crown now lies in vienna in the imperial treasury . 
  but it 's a bit harder to identify with it because it was such a weird construct . 
  it 's our cultural heritage so we have to honour it . 
  even though it 's important to note that modern austria is not the successor of the old empire . 
  they worship gavrilo princip . 
  then sweden it is . 
  not a country but ikea . 
   even though they only seem to pay attention to us when it 's time to take down a bilingual road sign you know , we do n't understand the carinthians as well in this regard . 
  it 's pathetic how they dealt with this . 
  but i understand that they did n't want to be annexed by yugoslavia and your general maister . 
  maybe that 's the reason why there is still some grudge . 
  i was actually talking about switzerland . 
  historical : italy , france ; that 's obsolete though . 
  nowadays we only have one rival which we despise and hate with all our energy but on the other hand still kind of like because they are quite ok after all . 
  0/10 if the person wants to learn german but 10/10 if the person wants to learn my dialect . 
  for me it 's to make it clear in every single post that i 'm not german . 
  and atlas was already taken . 
  if we bring back the kaiser i would be willing to merge with all the former k.u.k countries . 
  on a more serious note : i 'm a bit sceptical if i really want to merge austria with any eu country because there are often big economical and cultural differences . 
  i would be okay to merge with fellow central european neighbors though : bavaria , czech republic , slovakia , hungary , slovenia and switzerland . 
  north italy as well ( trentino-alto adige and friuli ) . 
  schwedenplatz ( sweden square ) in vienna comes to my mind which was named after sweden because they helped austrian children after ww1 . 
   why does it all look so much nicer there ? 
  we got our independence in 1955 . 
  you got yours decades later . 
  that 's quite the headstart if you ask me . 
  you 'll get there . 
  i 'm sure . 
  czech republic : that they always get lost in our mountains and need to be saved by a rescue squad and helicopters . 
  those operations are expensive guys . 
  get your shit together . 
  slovakia : i know too little about them to be annoyed by them . 
  i 've probably seen some in my life but i must have assumed they were czech . 
  so they get all the blame here if a slovak does something stupid . 
  hungary : that they beat us in france last year - not cool . 
  slovenia : i 'm not really annoyed by them . 
  it 's a really nice parking lot so i have no complaints . 
  italy : they do n't even know that we exist because they ca n't see what 's beyond the alps . 
  switzerland : that they are a bit better in everything than us even though we would never admit it . 
  liechtenstein : that i have to write something about them as well . 
  seriously though , i do n't know anything about you guys . 
  germany : that they think we 're weird mountain people and that those who come here do n't understand that this is n't germany and you have to adapt your attitude a bit . 
  well , we played against them a lot in the past but not so much in the recent past . 
  also there is no bad blood between our countries .
