  same for swiss people . 
  though , there might be some borderline cases with germans who live in the very south of germany . 
  nope . 
  never seen it . 
  they sure do n't look good for your teeth . 
  there are only a couple of things foreigners talk about austria : - hitler - nazis - fritzl , priklopil - australia ? 
  - more australia jokes - many more australia jokes and jokes about kangaroos - are n't they all racists and nazis ? 
  i can only offer you the frontpage of the biggest austrian newspaper . 
  and it 's a shitty tabloid . 
  so beware . 
  http://i.imgur.com/m38iq50.jpg i really hate this newspaper . 
  they basically make politics and try to influence everything based on the editor 's world view . 
  you must be antisemites because of all the polish death camps during ww2 . 
  that 's proof enough for me . 
  edit : i should put a / s here because otherwise i 'm sure there will be people who wo n't get it . 
  i hate all of it . 
  whenever i read something about my country here on reddit or elsewhere from an international audience there is a 95 % chance that it 's complete bullshit . 
  i do n't think faymann is the source of the meme . 
  i need to move to austria . 
  well . . 
  i thought the british population is fed up with this free movement thing . 
  i think it depends where i am . 
  when i 'm in europe i 'm just austrian but outside of europe i feel more european if that makes sense . 
  unfortunately i do n't really feel a strong european identity . 
  it 's such a diverse continent which makes it quite difficult . 
  i hope someday i 'll feel more european . 
   but not like an american kind of patriotic . 
  i think that is one of the larger differences between europe and the usa . 
  there are also a lof of european patriots who are proud of their country , culture and heritage but as soon as we see the flag waving and over the top theatrical american patriotism it 's quickly getting embarassing . 
  i do n't think my country is the best country in the world . 
  there are many great places to live . 
  but it 's still my home and i wish my country to succeed in the future . 
  so yes , i 'm probably kind of patriotic but i would never admit it . 
  but that 's fine for us . 
  bring money but leave us our universities . 
  deal ? 
  you only need austria for a place at university without numerus clausus . 
  then y' all leave to germany and we have suddenly a shortage of doctors . 
  i am already triggered . 
  wos zum teifi host du grod iwa mi gsogt , du klana wappler ? 
  it would be nice if we just shook hands with everybody . 
  i hate the bisous so much . 
   people often say that `` they understand '' , but it 's often just an illusion as the languages sound familiar , words are simialr ( but often mean different things ) . 
  if you ask them to translate and check that it 's often incorrect when i went with a group of russians to the czech republic they could n't stop laughing when they read `` pozor '' on a lot of signs . 
  in czech it means attention but in russian shame . 
  is n't there a common latino identity which connects you ? 
  i would leave out the nationality and call him a german speaking writer . 
  * wrote that 's an irregular verb . 
  that is n't true either . 
  he was a german speaking jew from prague in austria-hungary . 
  you ca n't say he was czech . 
  you ca n't say he was german . 
  you ca n't say he was austrian . 
  it 's a difficult case . 
  yes . 
  there would still be germanic languages in scandinavia but the language of germany and austria would have been a romance language . 
  of course the battle of the teutoburg forest was n't the sole reason why the romans did n't conquer germania but definitely an important factor . 
  3 legions annihilated . 
  damn . 
  think about how history would be different if the romans won the battle and eventually subjugated germania . 
  there would be neither a german nor an english language today . 
  pan-slavism intensifies ?!, 
  i would feel silly if i said `` all germanic countries '' . . 
  for those who speak german : [ there is a funny video about this madness ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ullrelsgtaw ) made by german satirist and member of the european parliament martin sonneborn . 
  lichtbildausweis is still used here in austria . 
  last time i checked the b-vg our first article was :  artikel 1 . 
   what are things like where you are from ? 
  austria consists of 9 states and most of them have their own identity . 
  so for example if you ask someone from tyrol they will probably tell you that they are tyrolean first and austrian second . 
  it 's a bit more complicated than that because i live in the part of austria which is historically austria ( the archduchy of austria ) and we do n't really have a strong regional identity we consider ourselves just austrians . 
  so yes : there is a pluralism between state/country in austria but not for everyone . 
   how much do you lump together countries/states in the rest of the world ? 
  i do n't really differentiate beween different states from other countries with one exception : germany . 
  we can understand them and hear the regional differences . 
  so a bavarian is viewed differently than a north german for example . 
  but i do n't differentiate between a venetian and a sicilian . 
  they are just italians for me . 
  same for the us . 
  they are just us americans in my eyes . 
  i do n't know these countries that well so i ca n't tell the differences anyway . 
  i think only citizens or residents who live in that country can tell regional differences and different identities . 
   how well do foreigners know and respect the differences in your country/state ? 
  i do n't expect anyone to know regional differences between austrian states . 
  for some people it 's even hard to distinguish us from australia . 
  i hope i understood the question right . 
  it 's already late here and i 'm tired . 
  i like this one : * leben wie gott in frankreich * -  live like god in france . 
  means : living a marvelous life without sorrows another one : * das kommt mir spanisch vor * -  this seems spanish to me ; means : this seems weird, 
  i would probably pick something like australia or canada . 
  i would n't want to live in the us . 
  but these countries are far away from home . 
  i also love the city of marrakesh and i 've seen less fully veiled people there than in vienna . 
  so if i had money i would love having a house there just to chill in a completely different culture while being relatively safe ( compared to the middle east ) . 
  and morocco is fucking beautiful . 
  great-grandfather actually . 
  both of my grandfathers were kids back then . 
  and yes they would be partially guilty if they voted for the nazis the same as any other citizens of a nation are responsible for crimes their elected governments commit . 
   this is a bit aggressive , is n't it ? 
  not really . 
  let 's put it into perspective : people who committed crimes in ww2 or ww1 are almost all dead while the war in iraq was only in 2003 .
