  they soon became quite popular so employees of the zoo dressed up as bears . 
  people could buy photos with these bears and therefore it spread through germany . 
  yeah ... c'mon guys . . let 's tear down these serbian princip monuments . 
  dear governments of the european union . 
  please do something . 
  god fucking dammit . 
  signed , a concerned citizen who neither wants nazi parties coming to power nor allahu akbar shouting fanatics in his country . 
  austrian german = basically standard german from germany with a couple of different words . 
  you probably mean bavarian ( that 's the dialect most austrians speak ) . 
  to your question : yes most definitely . 
  the old bavarians were n't a known germanic tribe until they suddenly appeared in the 6th century . 
  most likely they were formed of different people . 
  germanic people , slavs , romanised celts etc. . those surrounding cultures and languages made an impact . 
  unfortunately it 's not a topic where you 'll find a lot of material . 
  austria was always a country/region at the crossroads of different cultures . 
  yeah i 've heard this story before . 
  but to be fair . . nowadays he ca n't speak neither english nor german . 
  it 's all terrible . 
  yeah sure ... but it 's just personal preference . 
  i just wanted to say that for example german in austria has none of your listed features . 
  we do n't speak harsh and metered but rather softer and more melodic . 
  we ai n't prussians . 
  do you live close to the border to saxony by accident ? 
  german \u2260 german i 'm not a fan of some interpretations of the language either but to say it 's ugly in general is a little bit narrow-minded . 
  seems more like you are biased . 
  to me , german is incredibly ugly . 
  i 'd advise you not to watch that many nazi movies . 
  it 's like in the telltale games : `` austria will remember that '' . 
  anyway , it 's very insulting . 
  telling an austrian that he is swiss is like telling a swede that he is danish . 
  it implies actually having a throat disease . 
  edit : spelling, 
   anayat the swede - here is my fantasy picture of the swiss -- sorry , of the austrian people wait sweden ... are n't you supposed to get confused with switzerland ? 
  i do n't know why you are downvoted because it 's true : the wehrmacht did in some cases help with mass murder . 
  [ one example ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/babi_yar ) . 
  the wehrmacht helped to escort the jews to the ravine . 
  cool ... first time that i 've seen an occitania flair on this sub . 
  speaking of guiana : it 's a little bit strange that they are part of france and therefore member of the eu and eurozone . 
  i think most of the british overseas territories are n't part of the eu . 
  went down in flames not too long ago . 
  1918 worst year of my life . 
  no ... actually that was 1866 . 
  damn prussians . 
  yeah sounds more like a nightmare to me . 
  that 's how i imagine the situation if strache comes to power . 
  i guess he would n't go that far though . 
  why exactly would it be funny ? 
  by the way : there is no way austria leaves the european union . 
  those are just a couple of really frustrated people who ca n't see the benefits of the eu . 
  and austria is full of `` fr\u00fcher war alles besser '' ( everything was better in the past ) people . 
  so you do n't think that europe 's close political and economic union is one of the big reasons for 70 years of peace ? 
  switzerland has ratified most of the eu treaties . 
  one could say that they are actually a member without suffrage in eu institutions . 
  are there other ways ? 
  sure . 
  are there other realistic ways ? 
  absolutely not . 
  i know the eu is far from perfect but it brought us the best period of time in the history of the continent . 
  even if the eu sucked in all aspects but peacekeeping i 'd still take it . 
  they can scream as loud as they want . 
  they can create as many topics on r/austria as they want and whatever else ... but : these people are a minority . 
  it 's very common to bitch about the eu in austria but no sane person would want an exit . 
  that would be like going back in time . 
  it 's good that we are connected to europe - politically and economically . 
  i 'm not sure why anyone in the 21st century has a desire for isolation . 
  a lot of people saw that coming . 
  the csu ( bavaria ) also wants to reintroduce border controls to austria . 
  a lot of conflict potential there . 
  you have been made moderator of r/denglish . 
  firstly : i agree with your point that language barriers can cause frictions like you said in quebec or different places . 
  speaking of regional patriotism : i do n't know how the situation is in the czech republic but it 's pretty prevalent in the german speaking area . 
  north and south divides are big gap despite speaking the same language . 
  even inside our little states in austria there are a lot of rivalries . 
  a lot of people would argue that people from another village/city a couple of kilometres away are different and they do n't want to be associated with them . 
  they speak french in quebec . 
  of course they want to be independent from a mostly anglophone country . 
   because any lingual differences will cause people to associate themselves with a certain region rather than the whole eu . 
  i think this happens regardless of language differences . 
  regional patriotism is sometimes even stronger in the same linguistic sphere . 
  the more similar people are , the more they want to be completely different . 
   we do n't need a single language to have unity . 
  language barriers are definitely a dividing factor to a certain degree . 
  but that does n't mean we should throw our languages away just for the sake of simplicity . 
   get rid of the local languages why not support bilingualism even more ? 
  indeed . 
  prague is a pearl of beauty . 
  easy if you want to read or write it . 
  difficult if you want to understand or speak it . 
  edit : but it obviously depends on your native language . 
   what specifically do you listen for . 
  i 've heard it before in various clips on youtube so it was not that hard to recognize it again . 
  they have a special accent ( hard to explain ) and use a lot of hebrew words . 
  it 's not that different from other german dialects in my opinion . 
  because politics . 
  a language is a dialect with an army and a navy . 
  yeah they are closely related . 
  bavarian and alemannic are both upper german languages . 
  maybe your impression comes from our vanishing dialects in austria . 
  a lot of people do n't speak their local dialect anymore and only have a slight accent . 
  therefore it 's easier to understand .
