  if the germans really cared about them they should finally realize that alsace and lorraine are two different regions . 
  in germany you only hear `` elsa\u00df-lothringen '' as if it was one entity . 
  but that was actually everyone 's mistake . 
  the republic of austria was n't the leftover of the empire but just another new country like for example czechoslovakia . 
   some things are worth spending money on . 
  well , do n't tell this to me but tell it to them . 
  i 'm just observing the situation and austria has to accept it when they are satisfied with the status quo . 
  it 's not our business to interfere . 
  most of them do n't even speak slovenian anymore especially the younger generations so i doubt they want to be part of slovenia . 
  also from what i 've heard not many people in south tyrol actually want to join austria . 
  that would be a really bad decision for them because they would have to pay austria more than italy . 
   austrians have no problem with this . 
  they claim anyone who was famous and lived within cisleithanian part of a-h as austrian . 
  you expelled all the germans and still have discriminating laws against them in place so you ca n't claim them for czechia . 
  i mean you can but that would be hypocritical . 
  but not for every village . 
  seems like there are only a few . 
   and do n't why it should n't be like that yeah but on the other hand the slovenes ( yugoslavs back then ) expelled all german speakers from slovenia . 
  we did n't do that to the slovenes . 
  ok to be fair , the nazis wanted to do it though . 
  i guess so . 
  i think the region was already bilingual when the empire ended . 
  so the situation is really different compared to south tyrol . 
  by the way : i think there are some slovenian schools in carinthia but i do n't think there are a lot of them . 
  maybe a local knows more about it . 
  i do n't know too much about south tyrol but i think they have german schools and an autonomy and can use german basically everywhere . 
  the carinthian slovenes do n't have that luxury even though slovenian is a regional official language there . 
  no , i 'm not from there but i 've been there this summer and watched a couple of documentaries about them . 
  as a normal austrian you would n't even notice a difference if there were n't the bilingual town signs . 
  everyone speaks german ( well . . dialect ) there but some might know slovenian as well . 
   with slovenian majority maybe one or two villages . 
  most carinthian slovenes are already germanized . 
  what exactly is your problem ? 
  your accusations are absurd . 
  you think austria is some kind of holocaust denying country ? 
  wtf man . 
  austria is fully acknowledging crimes committed by austrians ( and showing remorse ) . 
  maybe poles should do the same about expelling millions of germans and killing many of them . 
  by the way : my opinion on poles is not changing because of some internet trolls from poland like you . 
  it 's a beautiful country with nice people . 
   btw - the opinions of / u/atlas _ at sadden me the same way - blaming others for compensating one 's nation own dark stains is never a good strategy . 
  that 's actually the best way to do it . 
  you have to call out hypocrits who think they are something better . 
  europe has seen dark times with lots of criminals everywhere . 
  i hate it when people say something like `` those austrians were the bad people while we were all angels '' . 
  the world is n't black and white . 
  yes . 
  we could stop accusing us and look into the future . 
  the past is past anyway and we ca n't change it . 
  apart from that i think we agree to disagree . 
  you are a hypocrite . 
  it can be said publicly too if you want that . 
  your own country has a dark past as well . 
  collaborateurs with the nazis , killing germans after the war , etc. 
  so do n't shit on other countries . 
  wtf dude ? 
  what does this have to do with the house of hitler ? 
  by the way : austria does n't see itself as a victim anymore since many years . 
  that was only a trick anyway to get our freedom and indipendence quickly and not being occupied for a long time like germany . 
  nobody in austria believes that we are victims . 
  and the removal of hitler 's house has many other and different reasons . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  i can only strongly recommend the heeresgeschichtliches museum . 
  it 's a paradise if you 're only a little bit interested in the history of europe . 
  it 's like a gigantic exhibition of the history and warfare of central europe . 
  he 's not a friend of austria . 
  he was one of the main figurs to impose sanctions on austria because of a participation of the fp\u00d6 in the government in 2000 . 
  even opponents of the fp\u00d6 like me saw this as an hostile act against austria . 
  that 's not in austria but in italy . 
  i 've recently been to the carinthian slovenian minority region in austria and they only have bilingual town signs and signs for directions in these villages . 
  everything else is in german . 
  you do n't know who these people are . 
  they could be poles living in germany . 
  there are 2-3 millions who live in germany . 
   how do you say in austria ? 
  delizi\u00f6s ? 
  gut . 
  no joke that 's our go to word for everything that tastes well . 
   lecker but do n't say that in austria unless you 're talking to a baby . 
  this word triggers me every time i hear it in a serious context . 
  this could be satire . 
  `` sacrifice sheeps , ancestor ali kemal , same body movements as villagers '' . 
  you 're right . 
  we do n't know the full story . 
  it could be either way . 
  the contract was definitely some kind of hush money . 
  youtube does n't want the bad publicity so they offered her a great deal . 
  anyway , i think they did try to influence her . 
  this whole interview was just designed to be a promo event for juncker . 
  the best part was her comparing juncker with a bank robber . 
  i would n't have been so brave and ask juncker these questions . 
  tax havens like luxembourg should be getting called out more frequently . 
  haider was a slimy fuck but the part of wikipedia about nazi smypathies is not the whole story . 
  to understand him and why a lot of people voted for him you must look at the whole picture . 
  the world is not black and white . 
  by the way : he never held office on a national level . 
  he was only a local politician in carinthia and we often make fun of the carinthians in austria because of that . 
  look at your own country before you criticise others . 
  you do n't know a whole lot about austria even though you are insulting us . 
  and haider is dead since 2008 .
