  more separated ? 
  not really . 
  we speak bavarian in most parts of austria which is also quite different to standard german . 
   if luxembourgish is considered a separate language why not alemmanisch ? 
  i 'm not hating , op , i 'm just sad :( that 's always debatable in german . 
  of course you can easily call all german dialects different languages . 
  the scandinavians do it as well ( danish , swedish , norwegian ) for example . 
  i think it 's how the people of a certain dialect/language think about it . 
  here in austria nobody would argue that we speak anything else but german . 
  maybe it 's different in luxembourg and alsace . 
  in the end it does n't matter . 
  it 's just a label . 
  a lot of them sounded dutch to me . 
  but to be fair : everything above the wei\u00dfwurst\u00e4quator is basically dutch . 
  / s at least i got english , standard german , yiddish and the scandinavians right ... well except icelandic and faroese . 
   i think in your example they might recognise it as a related language and managed to communicate a little with effort , but i do n't think mutual intelligibility was that great by then since the languages are from another branch . 
  maybe . 
  we do n't know for sure . 
  what if gothic ( as east germanic ) is closer to the west germanic languages than we think . 
  i 'm not a linguist though . 
  it could also be that they made similar developments in some points . 
  unfortunately there is nothing more to find about these merchants . 
   good to know we can learn about gothic on acid-free paper if we buy the book . 
  gothic would really be something i would n't understand as it is east germanic as far as i know , so it would be very distant . 
  it would be so interesting if some of them had survived like in crimea , it would be nice to hear the modern version of their language . 
  there is an interesting story about gothic . 
  like you said it survived in crimea until to the 18th century . 
  merchants from n\u00fcrnberg stranded in crimea in 16xx ( i think . . but i 'm not sure i ca n't find the book where i found it right now ) and stated that a young man answered to the german language ( auf die deutsche sprache geantwortet ) . 
  i do n't know if this were possible if some german went to scandinavia or england at that time . 
   and i 've managed to find the book i took these from online that 's an interesting book . 
  thanks for posting . 
   also , i 've managed to find this image of a bavarian dialect . 
  i speak bavarian but i can assure you : it 's unintelligible to me except for a couple of words . 
   also , old high german old high german is brutal for modern german speakers . 
  in its grammatical core it 's more like latin and modern slavic languages with heavy case inflection . 
  on the other hand middle high german is not so hard to understand nowadays . 
  the language has n't changed that much ( especially grammatically ) . 
  i often read that people think it 's sensational that icelandic speakers can read old norse ... well middle high german is from the same time period as old norse and like i said not impossible to get the gist of what 's written down . 
  i did n't know that . 
  apparently a lot of people have n't seen it yet because you are the first who mentions it . 
  there is one with a little better resolution [ here ] ( http://www.welt.de/finanzen/immobilien/article142702903/diese-karte-zeigt-wo-europa-schrumpft.html ) . 
  you have to scroll down to the end of the article and zoom in . 
  here is the article where i 've found the graphics ( in german ) : http://www.welt.de/finanzen/immobilien/article142702903/diese-karte-zeigt-wo-europa-schrumpft.html, 
  r/de is for all german speaking countries though . 
  that 's kind of a bizarre situation for germany on reddit : r/deutschland ceased to exist therefore germans have no subreddit exclusively for themselves where they are allowed to write in german . 
  why does r/sweden link to r/switzerland ? 
  maybe because they are often mistaken for each other ? 
  then r/austria should also link to r/australia . 
  til that there is a danube commission . 
  never heard of it before and i live at the danube . 
  i 'm watching the swedish-danish tv-show `` the bridge '' at the moment and danes and swedes seem to understand each other perfectly . 
  just an illusion ? 
  it 's so comfortable to pay with the euro in many european countries . 
  i would never want the schilling back . 
  besides convenience : it makes me damn proud that we share a currency and are in so many different ways basically one country . 
  i love it . 
  you are right . 
  there was no federal republic of germany and republic of austria back then . 
  mozart was neither german nor austrian in a modern sense . 
  but since he 's from one of our regions it 's fair that we claim him as ours . 
  i 've talked to a couple of syrian refugees and they all said that they wanted to come to austria all along . 
  i do n't know if they were honest or not though . 
  yeah . 
  fighting generalisations with generalisations is not a good idea . 
  they would n't dare to write that . 
  it simply means : `` no to the asylum shelter '' which is basically the same message as `` fuck off '' . 
   that may give you some idea about the intelligence distribution there . 
  i 'd interpret this sentence a little bit differently . 
  but anyway . . it 's all good . 
  just be careful with generalisations . 
   fact is that right wing , conservative parties are mainly voted for by dumb , uninformed and stupid people . 
  it 's a little bit more complex . 
  the fp\u00d6 receives a lot of protest votes . 
  unfortunately we have right-wing populist parties all over europe so please do n't tell me that 's exclusive for austria . 
  i reckon there are a couple of sick criminals in sweden 's history too . 
  i 'm sick and tired of all comments regarding austria on the internet . 
  it 's always the same : `` hitler , fritzl , kangaroos , mozart was actually german '' . 
   some germans refer to bavarians as the missing link between austrians and humans . 
  that may give you some idea about the intelligence distribution there . 
  no wonder why a lot of austrians have little sympathy for germany when we hear such things . 
  i 'm sure they can do it somehow ( mail , embassy ) . 
  but it 's not a big topic here because we do n't have that many expats . 
  we do let them vote . 
  but i 'm against it . 
  i do n't think another country should perform elections in foreign territory . 
  i 've heard they even have electoral districts for germany and austria . 
  we are n't a part of turkey ( yet ) . 
  most of our turks are lower class and vote mostly for erdogan anyway . 
  are those bases accepted by the general public in germany ? 
  second question : is it mandatory for nato members to host american bases ? 
  for me as an austrian it 's kind of a strange thing to see . 
  i would definitely mind having foreign troops in austria . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  how about we do n't allow erdogan to make propaganda on austrian soil ? 
  how about we do n't allow turkish citizens to vote on austrian soil ? 
  we are not a federal state of erdogan 's islamic republic . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzr7pp7wzqq ), 
  why did an admirer of a war criminal become mod of r/europe ? 
  this does n't make a good impression . 
  i 'm appalled .
