  is n't this a broad generalization ? 
  the adriatic sea, 
  people are nice , great food , the ocean , not far from home , mediterranean climate , ... 
  i do n't know if i want to have a conversation with her . 
  i 've talked to many old people when i worked at a retirement home 6 years ago . 
  many of them were over 95 years old and lived through many interesting periods . 
  unfortunately they only could tell 3-5 stories which were n't really connected to world politics and important events in history but just their personal stories . 
  some stories were interesting though . 
  i 've talked to a woman who lived in the sudetenland and who was expelled by the czech . 
  i think she only talked about it because it affected her life personally and she lost her home . 
  but from most old people ( most of them are women because they live longer than men ) you ca n't hear interesting stories at all . 
  we do n't have any political ambitions to get closer to germany in particular . 
  for us it 's important to be connected in all directions . 
  and believe me if austria wanted to be part of germany we would get it . 
  nobody of the winners of ww2 would object and they would be asked in such a case . 
  austria is n't that big and powerful and germany is n't a threat anymore for peace in europe . 
  austria had also a referendum in 1994 about entering the eu and austrians voted with 66 % for a membership . 
  even though many austrians are very anti-eu and i agree that the eu is far from perfect , it still helped austria a lot . 
  we do n't have that oil money like norway or the banks like switzerland so it 's very important for a country like austria which is in the centre of europe to be connected . 
  the eu is the best project this continent has ever seen so i think it is worth it to fight for a better union rather than doing your own thing . 
   not surprised by your terrible xenophobia it 's kind of okay in austria to say : `` ich bin ja kein rassist . . aber die deutschen mag ich nicht . '', 
  i would n't take it too seriously though . 
  he has a point though . 
  merkel is acting really disgusting and hypocritical when it comes to austria . 
  i hope francesca michielin will win this year . 
  i 'll be angry if she wo n't be in the top 5 . 
  austrians have to do this too . 
  i do n't really get it . 
  why do belgians , austrians , spaniards and dutch need a visum for turkey while others do n't ? 
  seems arbitrary to me . 
  [ it 's not a secret . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:number_of_%28non-eu%29_asylum_seekers_in_the_eu_and_efta_member_states,_2014_and_2015_%28thousands_of_first_time_applicants%29_yb16.png ) hungary was also affected but as far as i know they sent most of their migrants with trains towards austria last autumn . 
  italy is pretty even with austria even though it has 60 m inhabitants and austria only 8 m. 
  i think most austrians are in favor of a european solution but it 's not really working . 
  certain countries do not accept the quotas solution . 
  you have to understand that our mood and patience after the last couple of months is not the best . 
  we took in 100.000 in 2015 . 
  i live in the third largest city of austria which has a population of 200.000 people . 
  it does n't matter . 
  they come to us and that 's what counts . 
  eu laws say that you have to claim asylum in the country you arrive . 
  it 's a stupid law and very bad for greece and italy but it does n't work anyway . 
  italy could say that the rest of europe is letting them down but we can say the same and i think our argument is better because they end up in germany , austria and sweden and not in italy . 
  it 's definitely a difficult situation for europe . 
  but at the moment countries like italy only save the migrants and they immediately send them up north . 
  saving them from their boats and giving them train ticket is much cheaper than feeding and giving them welfare for years and eventually they stay forever . 
  and i 've heard a lot of stories of migrants arriving in italy and being put in a train towards austria immediately . 
  so no it 's not fair that countries like italy have to do this on their own but it 's also not fair that only germany , sweden and austria have to deal with the majority of migrants . 
  if the eu is not able to stop this `` invasion '' we have to do it on our own . 
  we ca n't take in 100.000 per year like last year . 
  why do n't they protest in front of the german/austrian border because the germans already have border controls since last year and nobody gives a fuck . 
  but when austria dares to do the same it 's suddenly unacceptable and merkel calls us out . 
  all against austria . 
  and we 're not even doing any border controls at the brenner yet . 
  we are only preparing ourselves if the route of the migrants changes in the future . 
  i 'm all for carinthia but the italians would be stupid to do that unless they really want to inherit a lot of debts . 
  also the population there would literally turn into an angry mob marching towards rome . 
  they were n't even ok with installing bilingual town signs for minorities like the slovenes . 
  good luck with annexing them to italy . 
  your new borders would be kind of ugly with north tyrol though . 
  ladin was also spoken in large parts of austria . 
  it 's still very visible nowadays when you look at austrian place names . 
  [ it was built for this mighty commander . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/zzgp7jqaqms ), 
  in the end the world is n't black and white . 
  not all germans back then were nazis . 
  millions of innocent germans were expelled after the war and many of innocents were murdered . 
  it 's not forbidden to talk about these people !, 
  they were also human beings who deserve to be remembered . 
  not only crimes against jewish innocents are crimes !, 
  just because they were german during that time does n't mean that they automatically deserve a place in hell . 
  sure . 
  i doubt that anyone wants to change that again . 
   and to be honest i do n't think these internet wars between poles and germans lead to anything . 
  it 's just wasted energy . 
  you ca n't change the past anyway . 
   it was slavic and before that it was germanic ( goths ) and before that it was celtic and so on . 
  this is a stupid argument . 
  if we go this way then you have to give your polish land back to the pre-indo-europeans . 
  and i 'm just observing this we against them mentality in your posts . 
  * you took it . 
  * i find this rather stupid when talking about things which happened 800 years ago . 
   also i wondered how did austria got a little eastern clay the winners gave it to us . 
  i guess they wanted to fuck hungary even more than they wanted to fuck us . 
  wrong treaty !, 
  we lost everything with saint-germain . 
  trianon actually gave us a province ( german west hungary ) from hungary which we did n't even claim . 
  to be honest it 's a bit annoying if have to read stuff like that whenever your country gets mentioned on the internet . 
  this hurts . 
  i do n't know what went wrong there for us . 
  well , i disagree . 
  the only thing what connects me with a north german is that we learned the same language at school . 
  you speak it to each other while for us it 's just something artificial which we hate . 
  we like our dialects . 
  there is n't even one uniform german culture . 
  the south is completely different than the north for example . 
  culture wise we austrians have more in common with the slovenians , czech , bavarians than with the north germans . 
  their culture is almost alien to us . 
  yes . 
  i agree with you completely .
