  they should protest against their government and not against austrian matters . 
  sure we are all in the european union but that 's not the business of italians how many migrants we are able to take . 
  are you sure that they even want to join austria ? 
  their autonomy is not that bad ( they can keep most of their tax money ) and i guess joining austria would only be of sentimental value . 
  hail to our leader vladimir vladimirovich putin . 
  can i become mod now ? 
  well , most of them were younger people with only 4-5 people over 60 . 
  i was very surprised about that to be honest . 
   he is lying dont bate he is posting this kind of bullshit from now and then . 
   some austrians on this board are trying really hard . 
  take it with a grain of salt . 
  very different places . 
  franken , hamburg , berlin , schwaben , . . do n't get me wrong most of them were nice people but boring as hell . 
  we austrians made fun all of the time in the back of the bus because otherwise 8-9 hours every day in the bus can be very depressing even though the landscape of morocco is breathtaking . 
  one older german lady from potsdam ( who had a great humor btw ) said that it was good that there were austrians on the bus because the rest of the germans were kind of boring . 
  as long as they are a little bit more fun than my german group i 'm okay with everything . 
  nothing worse than this `` no fun allowed '' mentality . 
  no need to be worried . 
  i just travelled one week with a german group in morocco and i realized that i 'd rather be czech or italian than german . 
  i like the eagle because it is basically the imperial eagle with only one head which is looking to the austrian side . 
  the hungarian head was basically chopped off after 1918 . 
  when i think about that i have to think about this one line in a popular patriotic austrian song : `` dei hohe zeit is lang vor\u00fcber . '', 
  * your glorious time has passed . 
  it 's true that we officially use `` ja '' in the standard written language but usually we rather say the austro-bavarian `` j\u00e5 / jo/joo '' . 
   the prime minister said his brother had made the move because he needed treatment for a serious condition and that was not available in kosovo . 
  damn i knew that kosovo is very poor but i ca n't believe that they are that poor . 
  as brother of a pm you should n't need to demand asylum for medical treatment . 
  anyway i guess more people had the same idea . 
  i once read an article in a german newspaper that people from kosovo came to germany as `` refugees '' even though they knew they would be denied but they decided to opt for a couple of months of `` holidays '' financed from the german taxpayers . 
  if you ask me i 'd prefer `` boring old french ballads '' to the anglophone charts nonsense they are playing 24/7 here at austrian radio stations . 
  nearly all native speakers think their language is incredibly hard to learn and complicated . 
  i do n't think german is very hard to learn but it depends on your background . 
  it might be very difficult for a japanese person because it 's just so different to japanese but it should n't be hard for a speaker of a indo-european language as long as the learner is motivated and wants to learn german . 
  is n't radiation usually higher during flights ? 
  those alternative activists who are helping the migrants to cross the river are basically smugglers and traffickers . 
  i hope they will go to jail . 
  their faces are on tv so we have evidence . 
  naah . 
   i think i am in the facebook age myself but i just hate it so much . 
  i do n't use facebook anymore and i know a couple of people who did the same . 
  also i 've heard that younger people do n't start using facebook anymore . 
  at least my teen sister and her entourage . 
  maybe it 's different though . 
  right there is no way we are giving up our fancy colors and coat of arms for black-red-gold and the fat hen . 
  also vienna is the one and only capital . 
  til that whatsapp is not the default texting app/method in many countries . 
  here in austria it 's everywhere . 
  i guess there is no one under 40 who does n't use it . 
  that 's great if we have good relations with serbia . 
  i really want to see them in the eu as soon as possible and austria could help them . 
  anyway , that would be quite a story from nato bombs into the eu in such a short time frame . 
  but ... but . . last time europe was n't that interested . 
  that was random . 
  you could also say : why do n't we speak polish ? 
  yes but i do n't like ignorant and generalising people on both sides . 
  i would n't have interfered in this conversation if she was just talking about her personal experiences but she made it sound like all austrian men and our society are that way . 
  sure there are pricks and machos in austria who see women as objects but are n't such people everywhere ? 
  it 's like saying all refugees are rapists and i wo n't say nothing if someone says something like that either . 
   and i can easily imagine a good portions of austrian males downvoting this . 
  because , as i said , it 's a huge no-no to talk about this in my country . 
  i ca n't believe that people are actually thinking like you . 
  there is so much gender and equality stuff going on in austria . 
  so many laws , we gender everything ( even our anthem ) and you are still generalising all austrian men and even accuse them of being pedophiles and misogynists and then you are wondering yourself why you are being downvoted . 
  come on . 
  stop taking these crazy feminist pills . 
  you are not surpressed and you are a very narrow minded person with your hatred filled world view . 
  `` no no to talk '' lol wtf you can talk about every fucking thing you want but bullshit is still bullshit . 
  luckily i 've never met a person like you in austria . 
   and they 're racist as well . 
  here we go again . 
  next generalization . 
   how many do you think share your viewpoints ? 
  people wo n't care if they do n't see a third generation turkish-austrian as a foreigner . 
  i mean the fact that a person is not distinguishable anymore . 
  it 's just a problem if you do see differences . 
  we are only talking about the worst cases . 
  positive integration and assimilation is rarely shown and talked about . 
   just ask any austrian if he thinks a 3rd generation turkish immigrant is austrian . 
  yes . 
  if they are not living in a turkish parallel world inside of austria they are austrians for me . 
  there are many austrians with foreign roots because we are a country at the crossroads of many cultures . 
  thus it does n't really matter where you come from as long as you identify as an austrian and try to take part in the austrian society . 
  i agree . 
  let 's wait and see what the upcoming conference will bring . 
  renzi and faymann seem to target similar goals and they are friendly with each other so let 's hope that the eu finds a solution before it 'll destroy the good relations between austria and italy . 
  the austrian government just wants to be ready in case of a new route for migrants . 
  the tyroleans are scared of becoming a waiting room for migrants before germany . 
  hopefully they wo n't go over italy but as long as we have no european solution it 's responsible to think of any scenario . 
   italy . 
  have fun austria we are going to secure the brenner or as you call it il brennero . 
  the border management with fences will be ready in april . 
  and you know , there is one good thing about the brenner : it 's an easy place to defend and to close . 
  you italians knew that quite well . 
  i kind of voted for him over the party i voted for at the last eu elections . 
  oh right . 
  i did n't think about that . 
  on the other hand older austrians often struggle with english too . 
  they did n't grow up with the internet . 
  i ca n't say how good they are because obviously i never speak english with them but it 'll be harder to find fluent people who are 45 + years old . 
   i ca n't really think of a reason for austria being behind poland or even germany why should austria be better than germany ?
