  i would definitely rather be in a country with you and the rest of the former k.u.k countries than with germany . 
  what 's up hungary ? 
  why so depressed ? 
  let 's make a new empire together , shall we ? 
  we start with annexing the stuff we lost with trianon and st.germain . 
  then there is no need to be depressed anymore . 
  lol . 
  so a bledsinn . 
  haha . 
  we actually have to learn ( standard ) german but it usually happens very early on when kids are watching television . 
  that we do n't say `` guten tag '' in austria . 
  a tourist should rather stick with english before using that . 
    and yes , if a german woman was given the choice of being raped by nine germans or nine iraqis she 'd probably choose nine germans wtf why does this get upvoted ? 
  what 's the difference if you 're raped by an iraqi , a native american , a german or the pope himself ? 
  rape is rape . 
  just for your information : [ austria is the third safest country in the world . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_peace_index ), 
  just for your information : the two parties in the government which said that they want to cancel and veto the membership talks with turkey do not compete in the upcoming presidential election . 
  and the real germany . 
   i ` dd add that it wo n't be easier to learn german after french for the two languages are very different . 
  i think it would be easier because with every language you add the next one will be easier . 
  furthermore german uses a lot of latin and even french words so that would help as well . 
  but italy is our neighbor and most spanish speakers are based in a part of the world which is far away and not that important for most austrians . 
  it seems to be an unpopular opinion in austria at the moment but i think italian makes much more sense for us to learn . 
  sure you could make a case for portuguese too . 
  especially if we are comparing it with spanish . 
  but speaking of africa i have to disagree . 
  portuguese speaking africa is not comparable to french speaking africa . 
  it 's bizarre though that you wo n't find schools teaching portuguese in austria even though everyone seems to advertise spanish . 
  and they are all justifying spanish with southern america even though brazil alone has as many portuguese speakers as all the other countries have spanish speakers . 
   as ive said - the strictly german households are very rare , as all those people are polonized already ( if thats a proper word ) . 
  even if their first or in-house language is german , then they know polish as second for sure . 
  you 're right . 
  but there are still many people who speak german natively in poland and that was my point . 
  by the way : we have a similar situation in austria . 
  in the south of carinthia there is a slovene speaking minority but they are all bilingual and are slowly getting germanized . 
  but that does n't mean that the slovene language is non existing in austria . 
  you said german is useless outside of germany . 
  better would be : outside of central europe . 
  anyway . 
  i 'm not here to nitpick . 
   german being natively spoken in a part of poland is more of an anegdote . 
  i would say maybe in a thousand of households . 
  [ wikipedia thinks the number is bigger . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_minority_in_poland ) i do n't know how accurate these numbers are . 
   its great to know german if you want to live in germany , but if we go anywhere outside of it - its automatically useless . 
  you can also get by with german in austria . 
  just sayin ' . 
  you made this long list but when talking about german you reduce it to germany . 
  german is even natively spoken in a part of poland . 
  that would be funny . 
  i think they should also teach some specialities of other german speaking countries at duolingo . 
  even though german is standardized there are some minor differences in grammar and regional words . 
  from the perspective of a german speaker : i think french is the language to learn after english . 
  it 's spoken in large parts of africa which will be immensely important for europe in the future . 
  i think it 's quite popular in austria . 
  but spanish is getting more popular recently from what i 've heard . 
  at least where i live . 
  i guess in the south of austria italian will even be more popular than here in the north . 
  i do n't know if it 's normal what happened to you . 
  but think about it : people of your faith are killing many europeans . 
  there is an actual threat going on . 
  better safe than sorry . 
  i doubt that there is a rule especially for turks . 
  the normal austrian ca n't differentiate between a turk and an arab . 
  it 's all about islam and a head scarf . 
  edit : and if it 's only about stealing ( because i do n't know the exact situation you were in ) : maybe they have caught an abundance of muslims stealing ?? 
  it 's their right to do what they want in their house . 
   in general 1 incident = the whole country is racist . 
  dude , do you even realise how ridiculous your post is ? 
  the two parties in the austrian government rarely agree on anything . 
  often they discuss for months even about the most trivial things . 
  i 'm not sure what this says about turkey and erdogan because they even support each other in this matter . 
  the question here is : trust in what ? 
  the austrian army is good for help in case of natural disasters like extreme floodings . 
  but would i trust them to defend our country or at least securing our air space when the cia are making one of their illegal flights again ? 
  absolutely not . 
  it 's not about history . 
  we just do n't have any affiliation with germany anymore . 
  this chapter is closed . 
  it may have been different 100 years ago but nowadays we have our own country which is one of the richest in the world and our own identity . 
  austrians grow up with this country and not with germany . 
  on / r/europe many people seem to think that we would immediately want to become germans if it was n't prohibited . 
  the truth is that we would get a north korean like result if we made a referendum about that . 
  nobody in austria except for a couple of nazi idiots wants to annihilate our country . 
  would n't be that bad for them financially . 
  they could keep more of their money as an autonomous region in italy . 
  thanks for the reminder dear southern neighbor . 
  what can you offer in return ? 
  triest ? 
  we want access to the sea . 
  sure they can have carinthia if we get niederbayern . 
  they wo n't get even one single mountain from us though . 
  or maybe we should just wait before we blame refugees ? 
  we do n't know anything yet . 
  could be literally anyone including a home grown maniac . 
  so m5s is basically a weird political mutant without clear affiliation led by a comedian ? 
  what do italian redditors think about them ? 
  should they be trusted to govern ? 
  wos zum teifi host du grod iwa mi gsogt , du klana wappler ?
