  would n't that just mean new elections ? 
  yes . 
  and they think that they have good chances now because the fp\u00d6 is number 1 in polls . 
  but remember that the actual government is democratically elected so it would be a very harsh and unusual step to dismiss them . 
   so he 's a pan-germanist ? 
  yes . 
  most of the top fp\u00d6 officials are pan-germanists but they do n't dare to say it openly on camera . 
  they give signals to their base though . 
  the fp\u00d6 is a really disgusting party if you take a closer look into it . 
  you do n't get karma for self posts . 
  i do n't . 
  he would immediately dismiss the government which could lead into a constitutional crisis if he 's willing to experiment with fire . 
  he 's also in a fraternity which is against the austrian nation and is called germania . 
   however the slow islamization of europe over the next few decades is a very sad thing to see . 
  get your ass over here and visit europe . 
  there is no slow islamization . 
  we do n't give a single fuck about islam . 
  sure there are a couple percent of muslims in certain countries . 
  but even canada has 3 % muslims and i do n't know if such an amount already counts as islamization . 
  probably yes . 
  i find it kind of sad that the slovene language is slowly vanishing in austria . 
  we did a poor job of protecting it enough . 
  yes , there are slovene schools and kindergartens but i guess it was n't enough to keep it alive . 
  the assimilation pressure during the cold war must have been strong as well . 
  another thing is that many austrian slovenes do n't see their language as slovene but as windisch instead . 
  from what i 've heard this `` language '' is basically slovene . 
  these videos are really interesting : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vzqltxjwps https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rmfcmwycu4, 
  and many austrians have slavic names too which are also kind of germanised . 
  except for people who came later on during the balkan wars . 
  but we could make a deal about carinthia anyway ? 
  just kidding . 
  it 's kind of a joke in austria that we want them to go away because of their politics ( j\u00f6rg haider ) and their financial fuck ups . 
  therefore we call them sometimes north slovenians . 
  anyway . 
  the slovenians wanted to annex more than the slovene speaking territory including klagenfurt so your maister would have been an oppressor himself . 
  i 'm not from this region so please excuse my ignorance . 
  not all austrians are from styria/carinthia . 
  i just read a little bit about him and apparently he was one of the guys who occupied carinthia after ww1 and tried to get them to yugoslavia . 
  now i kind of like him . 
  carinthians probably not so much though . 
  til that the name for tomatoes in slovene is similar to the austrian paradeiser . 
  and are you sure this rudolf maister guy was not a double agent or something like that ? 
  his name does n't really sound slovenian . 
  the so called sudetenland has always been a part of bohemia , moravia and silesia so there is nothing to return . 
  though , they should recompense people who lost everything . 
  the welcome mentality definitely does n't help . 
  the real problem is that the asylum laws of european countries are just not prepared for this exodus of welfare seekers . 
  we have to make ourselves unattractive . 
  real refugees have to come anyway even if our laws may be really tough to deal with . 
   hopefully the refugee crisis ends soon it 'll get worse in the future . 
  there are millions of people who want to have a better life and see that it is not extremely hard to reach europe . 
  if countries like germany continue giving them signals that they are welcome and making it financially beneficial for them to come to europe this will never end . 
  like everywhere the nazis went there were many victims but also many collaborators . 
  the republic itself was indeed a victim of nazi germany because it ceased to exist . 
  there was no austria anymore after that . 
  one could say for the first time since ~ ~ 1156 ~ ~ 996 . 
  / r/de is not germany . 
  it 's a federation of all german speaking countries and regions and we fight for justice , dank memes ( danke maimais in german ) and against censorship . 
  i was actually talking about `` was ist des deutschen vaterland '' but the story about your anthem is very interesting . 
  i did n't know the czech anthem and its story before . 
   the main problem of habsburg monarchy was prussian pangermanism and hungarian nationalism first . 
  right . 
  the habsburgs had two goals . . hold their lands and unite germany . 
  i guess they played the wrong card . 
   you should understand it also in context of industrialization and liberalism of 19th century . 
  loyalty to a king and belief in the god was replaced by a cult of an own nation and belief in the progress . 
  so one cult was replaced by another ? 
  nationalism is n't better than monarchism in my opinion . 
  look at central europe and how close our traditions and cultures are but everyone think his/her country is better or something special even though we , in central europe , are all so close to each other in every aspect . 
  we beat niemcy . 
  everything else is not of importance . 
   as a czech i would not say `` ja '' but `` jo '' . 
  we also say `` jo '' in austria . 
  so i agree with you . 
  domov looks quite similar to the latin word domus which also means home . 
  where do you know this song from ? 
  i 've heard it once on youtube and it 's quite catchy to be honest . 
  apparently it was some kind of a german anthem back then . 
   i think it is now eminent and urgent to acknowledge that we ( smaller nations ) need to build something like the old monarchy was to have a quiet undisturbed place to quarrel mutually and to dance together cs\u00e1rd\u00e1s and polka and walzer . 
  i would n't mind living in a country with the old k.u.k members . 
  sadly the habsburgs never realised that all nations and people in their realm should have equal rights . 
  germans and later on hungarians had more rights than others . 
  and they germanised a lot of land which probably made german speakers even more unpopular . 
  i 've never heard anything like that to be honest . 
  on the other hand people rant against the germans all the time . 
  that 's nice to hear !, 
   i like you both pretty much same and there is no logical reason to hate any of our neighbours  well it 's like a competition . 
  if germany is better we are a bit jealous . 
  unfortunately i find no surveys on the internet for austria but i guess you guys would also be ranked higher than the germans because they are relatively unpopular here . 
  or at least where i live . 
  maybe it 's different in other parts of the country . 
  therefore i find it very interesting that you like the slovaks that much . 
  like the germans for us austrians they are very similar to you but you really seem to like them . 
  by the way : prague is much more beautiful than vienna . 
  be proud of that city it 's magnificent . 
  hmmh rakousko is not on the list . 
  would have been interesting if they like us more than the germans . 
  ^ ^ i ^ ^ really ^ ^ hope ^ ^ so . 
  come on dude . 
  to be honest that 's quite offensive .
