  someone send them a note that we are indipendent from bavaria since 1156 . 
  sure that makes sense . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  my impression is just that politically france and italy are very close and the question was also about the best ally . 
  not france ? 
  vienna is always ready to become a capital of a big empire again . 
  i do n't think that we have a `` best friend '' . 
  yeah sure culturally the bavarians but the csu treats us like shit most of the time . 
  i think we have a lot of good friends though . 
  i was quoting the article . 
  if you google in german you find the answer easily . 
  the referendum was initiated by the dog association of liechtenstein and they wanted that experts revise the current legislation . 
  so what changed ? 
  dogs now have to be on the leash in nature reserves and on forest trails and no go areas for dogs are expanded ( play grounds , parks , school areas , etc ) . 
  apparently the population of liechtenstein was n't very interested in this topic . 
  only 57 % voted . 
  reason for the change was a series of attacks on children in switzerland . 
  http://www.nzz.ch/articleemu2c-1.73480 by the way : i 'm not sure if this only applies for attack dogs . 
  the article was n't very precise . 
  edit : okay i think the changes were about all dogs but attack dogs have even harsher restrictions since 2006 . 
  you 're right . 
  that would give me goosebumps too but only because of sheer horror and dismay . 
  thanks . 
  i appreciate it . 
   i 've always thought that you do n't really need to understand what they are saying to appreciate the beauty of a particular song . 
  i think it definitely adds to the experience if you are able to understand the lyrics and little poetic nuances of a particular song . 
  but it can also be good just to concentrate on the music . 
   what song in your own language gives you goosebumps or makes you feel proud ? 
  okay , so this disqualifies all german songs and songs in standard german . 
  there are a couple of songs which are incredibly beautiful for me because of the language . 
  but i ca n't say for sure if other people especially foreigners agree with me . 
  here are two : [ hubert von goisern - heast as net ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfhirtauumm ) [ sts - gro\u00dfvater ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcq3lm8rmfo ) but i think the message always makes a song beautiful and not just the used language . 
  old people in austria are often very anti semitic . 
  but they will all die at some point and young people do n't care if you 're jewish or not . 
   merkel has let in unfettered immigrants into europe ** spurring terrorism , crime , rape across france , germany , and sweden . 
  ** come and visit europe . 
  your perspective from afar is not accurate . 
  some things might sound really bad on the internet but europe is n't burning to the ground . 
  in fact for 99,99 % of europeans nothing has changed . 
  the terror attacks were awful but most of these attacks were n't even committed by refugees . 
   merkel , has caused ? 
  says the american whose country is one of the major reasons why we have this migration crisis nowadays . 
  one of the reasons why isis could emerge was that your country invaded iraq and destabilized the region . 
  so i would be quiet in this matter if i were you . 
  interesting . 
  they look similar but i guess they mean different things . 
  normal austro-bavarian . 
  i do n't think the saying is specific to any region but known in all of austria . 
  my favourite austrian saying is : des is ghupft wia ghatscht . 
  it means : it does n't matter . 
  the literal translation would be something like : it is jumped like walked . 
  it does n't make sense in english . 
  it means that it does n't matter if you jump or walk the way because you will arrive anyway . 
  it 's still weird that you can see the old borders in this map . 
  is there any explanation for this ? 
  there is one region in my home state called the innviertel which is only part of austria since 1779 . 
  even nowadays they vote more in favour of parties which ( secretly ) represent and support pan-germanism ( fp\u00d6 ) . 
  in general you can say about austria that cities vote more liberal and more left-wing than the countryside which is often the complete opposite . 
  the bigger cities like wien and linz are traditionally social democratic while the rural countryside is conservative . 
  yes , exactly . 
   here 's a comparison i wrote good analysis . 
  but i want to add that german does have noun inflection . 
  most notably with many words in the dative plural . 
  with that i can easily distinguish between people who speak good german and people who speak excellent german . 
   i 'm pretty confident in my ability to pronounce them it 's difficult or almost impossible to pronounce something you do n't hear . 
  english speakers very often do n't get the umlauts ( like \u00fc ) in german right because they just ca n't hear the correct pronunciation and the differences to similar sounds . 
   and gramatically , you 're still in for one hell of a ride . 
  but with highly inflected languages like polish or latin for example it 's more a problem in the beginning . 
  if you get system and have learned the grammar then it 's going to make more sense than for example languages like french or english which do everything with prepositions and not with cases . 
  often i 've still no idea what i 'm doing with french prepositions because the rules are just so inconsistent . 
  i mean sure english pronunciation is quite difficult but polish . . 
  i ca n't even hear the differences between all the different `` cz '' sounds let alone all the nasal sounds which are quite difficult . 
   austrians snobby really that 's our stereotype ? 
  i would have rather suspected it 's something yodeling from a mountain . 
   but they are still there though !, 
   sure they are still there and it 's not too late yet . 
  i think carinthia could really benefit from being bilingual . 
  but german speaking carinthians do n't seem to agree to that . 
  i ca n't believe that it took so long to get at least some bilingual town signs . 
  and even this was a quota and not all towns with slovene speaking austrians got their sign . 
  for me as an upper austrian this is unbelievable . 
  i doubt that celovec was ever really slovene . 
  the cities were always very german . 
  nowadays it 's going to be difficult to find people who still speak slovene in austria . 
  the 3 municipalities with most slovene speakers are : zell ( 89 % ) , globasnitz ( 42 % ) and eisenkappel-vellach ( 38 % ) . 
  and this was in 2001 . 
  many old people died since then who could still speak it . 
   we are rather americanophilic , still bitter for their visa policy towards us sounds like an abusive relationship . 
  i 've talked to many austrians about brexit and i have n't heard one single joke but only complete bewilderment . 
  well i think we are n't as good as many people saw us but most of our players played really bad too . 
  so it was twice the disaster . 
  to work and therefore live in austria you have to speak german at a very high level to get most jobs . 
  if you are able to do that i do n't really care about your background . 
  we have many people of other european countries living and working here and i 'm sure you wo n't get a special treatment because of that . 
  my team is already out so i do n't really care to be honest . 
  i guess portugal a little bit more because then we can say that we are so good because we played 0:0 against the european champion . 
   occasionally , people nostalgically complain `` do you remember how much i could buy with 1,000 tolars ( $ 4.17 ) back then , now i ca n't even buy a round for $ 20 '' etc. 
  but they conveniently forget about inflation . 
  haha we have that too here in austria . 
  but i have only seen old people converting back to the schilling and then complaining about how expensive everything is now .
