  beautiful . 
  i 'm going to go skiing next week to tyrol . 
  i 'm already hyped when i see this . 
  i do n't live in the mountains . 
   thanks to that way of thinking we get things like macedonia ** making up history ** when it 's not there austria has over a thousand years of history . 
  it was first mentioned in 976 . 
  it became independent from bavaria in 1156 . 
   let 's just hope that the times in which this things where more serious than a meme never come back . 
  i hope so too . 
  we have to work for that , though . 
  it 's fragile with populists all around the world gaining votes . 
  we have to make the eu better that it does n't matter anymore if it 's italy or austria . 
  maybe this will weaken the populists . 
  i think so . 
  i 've never met anyone who would change anything nowadays . 
  it 's a meme that `` treacherous italy stole it '' . 
  but then again i 'm not from tyrol maybe they see it with more emotions . 
  nobody really cares tbh . 
  maybe it 's a bit different in north tyrol . 
  maybe hofer said something for his nationalist base voters but they ca n't gain votes with this topic so they do n't push it . 
   i have seen it said seriously by austrians to many times we have to talk about something here on reddit , right ? 
  i would take everything regarding south tyrol on the internet coming from austrians with a grain of salt . 
  it 's not a topic whatsoever in austria . 
  not anymore . 
  you hear about them maybe 3 times per year . 
  it 's used in a condescending way . 
  germans maybe do n't even realize that anymore and that 's one of the reasons why they are n't that popular in austria . 
  they want to make us look like silly mountain people . 
  dude chill . 
  we are just joking around . 
  it 's ok as long as you do n't try to annex more . 
   schluchtenschisser you know that this is insulting ? 
  should i call you spaghettifresser as well ? 
  that 's his argumentation why south tyrol is n't austrian because we allegedly ca n't understand them . 
  he said that numerous times here . 
  whatever ... but it should be mentioned that most people outside of cities like vienna and graz speak a dialect . 
   lol he does n't speak english . 
  [ you sure ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bu6jb4fu3a ) seems pretty fluent to me . . 
  i really liked his speech . 
  it was very down to earth and not how politicians usually talk . 
  he even made a couple of jokes and personal remarks from his youth . 
  it was funny that strache applauded after van der bellen warned that we have to be careful because of the new nationalism and populism in europe . 
  by the way there was n't only a revolution in hungary in 1848 but all around the empire . 
  the habsburgs also crushed it brutally here in austria . 
  do n't say austria dominated you but the habsburgs . 
  i meant that it 's probably a fake not made by an austrian . 
  that 's why i said nobody knows him here . 
  yes . 
  but why should he be on an austrian poster aimed at an austrian audience when nobody connects him with slovenia here ? 
  serious question : did an austrian steal your girlfriend or what did we do to you ? 
  i 'm from northern austria and slovenia is very popular here . 
  i ca n't really understand the hate . 
   coat of arms which a lot of people in austria would n't necessarily know . 
  what ? 
  dude you have some serious problems . 
  i see you often posting on / r/askeurope and it 's most of the time some nationalist bullshit . 
  stop thinking `` we against them '' . 
  that 's not the spirit of the eu . 
   sadly this is typical of austria . 
  stop generalizing a whole country . 
  i 'm from austria and nobody here knows that this is a slovenian icon or symbol . 
  it 's unknown . 
  i doubt this was written by a german native speaker because of the simple grammar mistakes . 
  no logo as well . 
  it 's either fake or satire . 
  well , then let 's agree to disagree in certain points . 
  at least your heart seems to be in the right place when it comes to condemning the return of nationalists all over europe . 
  and by the way : your german is also pretty good . 
  i 'm sorry that i did n't answer in german . 
  my italian is more passive . 
  i understand it quite well but i ca n't really use it actively . 
  i also believe in the eu . 
  good that we agree . 
  it 's the best that happened to this continent . 
  i hate the nationalists who are appearing everywhere at the moment . 
  including the fp\u00d6 . 
  you have to accept that sometimes people disagree on historical aspects . 
  the world is n't black and white . 
  thanks for calling me stupid by the way . 
  very friendly , amico mio . 
  and south tyrol is neither upper austrian nor austrian . 
  it has never been part of the republic . 
  again : i despise the nationalism of the fp\u00d6 . 
  it is n't helping anyone if we claim each others land . 
  that 's just stupid imperialism . 
  i was more than relieved that van der bellen won last week . 
  i think that you hate austria because you seem to think that we are some kind of nazi country which deserves that millions of people were expelled after ww2 . 
  such claims make me angry . 
  civilians never deserve such things . 
  omg . 
  so much nonsense in one post . 
  you seem to hate austria a lot . 
  anyway . 
  it 's not even worth discussing with you . 
  i hope you stay in italy when you are visiting christmas markets . 
  what do you want to achieve with your comments ? 
  do you want to dissolve austria because of lack of legitimacy ? 
  do you want another piece ? 
   blind loyalty blind loyalty is indeed very bad .
