  there are more little things which i ca n't remember right now . 
  i do n't like that their media is badmouthing us all the time . 
  sure . 
  i thought i rather answer to your comment since the other guy has no flair . 
  but austria is not the same country as the habsburg empire . 
  austrians were also exploited back then . 
  but maybe that 's the italian mindset . 
  you are probably the neighbor ( along with switzerland ) who knows the least about us . 
  and the swiss only border an austrian region which is very similar to switzerland so they do n't even border the real austria . 
   split your country in two pieces now that you mention it . 
  we also have that with south tyrol . 
  they are probably our best friend . 
  the first trip of their new governor was to vienna and not to rome as a signal where their priorities are . 
  but they are so small that everyone forgets about them . 
   i really thought you guys were the best friends to each other . 
  yeah unfortunately no . 
  there are many conflicts . 
  sometimes i get the impression that they just command us all the time . 
  the bavarians are like our close relatives but not necessarily our best friends . 
  we talk a lot more shit about each other even in politics and i think everyone thinks they can do that because we are family . 
  the truth is we really do n't have such a close ally like you have slovakia . 
  thanks for the in detail answer . 
  very interesting to see the czech perspective . 
  i think that austria shares many political views with the former eastern european countries . 
  but for sure there are many differences that you described very well . 
  though , i think the infrastructure is a sign of the relationship . 
  we live in 2016 and that there are still no highways is definitely a sign that both countries do n't see an important partner in each other . 
  train connection are just as shitty . 
  i would love to make day trips to prague like i make them to vienna but it 's just a little bit too complicated to do it more regularly . 
   but anyway , better highway connection is not really going to solve everything in our relationship . 
  we simply do n't have that much in common anymore . 
  we 're dealing with different issues , we tend to have different allies , our economies are at a different level of development . 
  even though we 're neighbours , we 're not in the same position from the geopolitical point of view . 
  interesting . 
  what are the external czech issues which do not concern us as well ? 
  and who are your allies ? 
  because ours are just the other eu-countries including the czech republic . 
  it 's true that austria is really involved in the balkans which is probably not an objective for your country . 
  but i do n't think that justifies to see it as different geopolitical point of views . 
  sure . 
  my post was quite sarcastic . 
  but i think it could have worked in the end . 
  like belgium or switzerland . 
  we were just really lucky after ww2 that we got our status and independence . 
  i know that hungary wanted the same deal in 1955 but obviously did n't get it what ultimately lead to the revolution . 
  it 's never too late to come back . 
  let 's make austria-hungary great again . 
  you can even have the president forever because we ca n't elect someone properly . 
  edit : reverse trianon . 
  reverse st. germain . 
  bavaria = the better germany and austria = the better bavaria, 
  well that 's kind of sad we could really need better relations between our two countries . 
  we ca n't change the past anyway so let 's look into the future . 
  a start would be a highway connecting our countries . 
  you have to build you roads faster . 
  i 'm asking myself the same . 
  only they know ... 
  that was very interesting to read . 
  great comment . 
  i really have to visit this region someday . 
  i do it all the time except for when little kids and police officers are around . 
  then i rather wait for the green light . 
  i really doubt these numbers . 
  that 's too much . 
  i have no idea since i never speak english here in austria . 
  i guess you would survive somehow but do n't expect too much because especially older people ca n't speak it at all . 
  it 's taught very early on in school and i think education in austria is quite good so younger people will speak at least some english but it also depends on the inedividual person because if you do n't want to improve your english you do n't have to . 
  every show on tv is dubbed and you can live your life just fine only in german . 
  i 've never been to the us and i have no idea what 's the difference between all these american states . 
  i think you can only answer this if you know europe and the us very well . 
  probably not a lot people here qualify . 
  but with my limited knowledge i 'll say colorado because it 's a state with many mountains and ski-resorts like austria . 
  switzerland ? 
  i do n't have a picture but [ a video which describes the austrian armed forces very well ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihzjfpo902e ) . 
  yeah , probably true . 
  we should try to woo switzerland . 
  let 's be honest : we do n't have a best friend and we brush off the only one who wants to be best friends with us . 
  this shit about claims has to end . 
  do you think slovenia has a claim on southern carinthia in austria ? 
  let 's work together and not fight about territories . 
  it 's senseless . 
  ad princip : of course it depends on which side you are . 
  isis probably thinks as well that they are freedom fighters because those other sunnis are n't extreme enough . 
  edit : i do n't know who is downvoting but i 'm gon na upvote you even though i do not agree . 
  sure . 
  they are n't oppressed or anything there and have an autonomy . 
  on the other hand it 's making my blood boil when serbs are building monuments for terrorists like princip . 
  triggered, 
  same here for vorarlberg . 
  they are so far away . 
  we should exchange them for something more useful for us . 
  why should dutch people know how hard their own language is ? 
  they never had to learn it like you . 
  interestingly native speakers of any language think that their native language is incredibly difficult . 
  i would rather ask learners on / r/languagelearning . 
   within the same language german is an incredibly diverse language though . 
  especially if someone is speaking a dialect it can sound completely different than standard german . 
  and thus you immediately hear that in someones english accent . 
  it 's quite easy to differentiate between an austrian and a german when they are speaking english . 
  in general the flow and melody of our german is quite different from what most germans speak so it 's easily recognizable when someone is speaking english .
