  anyway . 
  this is n't the official austrian position anymore since the very early 90s . 
  chancellor vranitzky acknowledged our participation in crimes during the third reich and we 're not living a gigantic lie anymore even though the anglophone internet and even the germans love to say that . 
  i hope you 'll visit us someday . 
  great britain is also a lot more than just disgusting food . 
   but austria is germany well , historically we were part of it even though it was neither united nor called like that . 
  this is just the confirmation that we are still number 1 even for outsiders . 
  do n't be sad . 
  you 're just worse austria and we 're pretty cool so you 're just fine . 
   better germany can confirm . 
  glad that you acknowledge our awesomeness . 
  the rest of the world needs to know this as well . 
  [ this is a song about him fighting against the turks ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzgp7jqaqms ) and [ this was his summer residence in vienna . 
  ] ( http://www.stadt-wien.at/uploads/pics/belvedere_c_hurnaus.jpg ) one of austria 's finest even though he was n't even * austrian * . 
  we used to be in the same country until 1918 . 
  you have been banned from / r/aeiou . 
  we do n't even exist for poles . 
  turks in austria voted with 71 % for yes . 
  they are enjoying their lives here while transforming turkey into a middle eastern shithole . 
  well done lads . 
  you are disgusting . 
  all i hear about chechnya and chechens is really bad . 
  they have such a bad reputation . 
  chechens are considered as violent and criminals here . 
  what strikes me is that there are just 2-3 million chechens . 
  and there are n't even that many in austria . 
  we have much more immigrants from other countries . 
  how can they be so infamous ? 
  in austria chechens are feared . 
  i have never met one but the stories go on and on . 
  one of the first suggestions i get when typing in `` tschetschenen '' in google is `` gef\u00e4hrlich '' -  dangerous . 
  is this just austria ? 
  are chechens also that infamous in your country ? 
  what 's the deal with them and this little country ? 
   get over it ; the worst thing that could happen to you because of this is a taxidriver that understands german i do n't think taxi drivers have to go to university so i 'm not sure what you want to say . 
  anyway , for us it 's a huge problem because the germans who study here go back to germany and we will have shortages in the future because of that . 
  good luck to you !, 
  you should do something though . 
  try to find a job until september . 
  doing nothing is the worst you can do and i know what i 'm talking about . 
  future employers will ask you what you did in this period . 
  so when 's the next chance to repeat it ? 
  wait , i thought you were from the vatican ?!?!, 
  :d anyway , middle high german * almost * counts as a foreign language even though not 100 % . 
  [ you might like this song . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_zjgzjofl4 ) ( his middle high german pronunciation is wrong but i still like this version . ), 
  well , that was predictable that a citizen of the vatican picks the lord 's prayer as his favourite foreign language song . 
  no worries !, 
  and slavic people have been living there since forever ? 
  before that germanic people ( goths ) lived there . 
  actually if we go this way this land and the rest of europe belongs rightfully to the pre-indo-europeans . 
  we are just filthy invaders anyway . 
  i do n't quite get this argument to be honest . 
  it 's stupid . 
  and i 'm not sure why you bring it up anyway ?!, 
   anyway does germany want this land back ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  so why do you have to justify the rightfulness of your clay ? 
  i was talking about war reparations . 
  he 's incompetent and i 'm genuinely afraid that he will start an international conflict at some point to distract from his failures at home . 
  i think it 's more like a joke here with a bit of truth . 
  cities * hate * each other , states * hate * each other , the province * hates * vienna , vienna * hates * the province . 
  we all * hate * germany . 
  sometimes more , sometimes less . 
  it always depends on the person and situation . 
  by the way op : poland did get quite a lot of land from germany . 
  is n't that enough ? 
  and boy does she have a nice house . 
  hehe yeah who would kill the mighty king of carinthia if not the jews ?!, 
  / s says a lot about his supporters in carinthia aka north slovenia . 
  it would have been kind of cool to have you as a southern german speaking country . 
  we would need every single one of you against the evil language of the prussians . 
   wants to experience of life in another country ? 
  then do n't go to those super touristy cities like prague , rome or vienna . 
  you wo n't really experience there how life feels in another country . 
  that 's the na\u00efvest thing i 've heard in a long time . 
  suddenly ? 
  yes , probably not . 
  but who knows what will be in 20 years from now if the eu ceased to exist . 
  nato is also not immortal as we have seen recently . 
  so americans should be proud of european buildings because their ancestors came mostly from europe ? 
  that 's exactly the mentality which we mock so often here . 
  i love peace after centuries of war . 
  pride is the wrong feeling . 
  i can only be proud of things to which i contributed personally . 
   but the question was `` how do you ... '' fair enough . 
  but they are n't that rare . 
  go to italy and croatia and you will find so many of them that you want to have another native language faster than you can say w\u00fcrstelpizza . 
   btw i know little about elderly austrians superb language skills austrians are included in my post . 
   starting with the local language until people are answering in english hoping that i stop doing to there language what i just did i disagree . 
  german speaking tourists almost always speak german to everyone until it does n't work and then they try to figure something out . 
  then they use their hands and speak loud and slow german to everybody even though the person they are speaking to has no clue . 
  younger people are probably a bit different because they often speak english better . 
  which state ? 
  i 'm talking about upper austria . 
  well , my direct neighbor would be the czech republic since i live close to their border but neither does anybody here know even one word of czech nor do schools offer it as a subject . 
  it 's basically ignored on all levels which is kind of shameful in my opinion . 
   i am going to marry one of them  i feel sorry for you buddy . 
  i hope he/she is at least is bavarian . 
  frankly i could n't bear dating a german person and hearing the accent all the time .
