  they romanized the living celts there and made them speak their language . 
  people in the mountains spoke romance languages up until medieval times . 
  they strongly influenced the local ( germanic ) bavarian language which was formed as conglomerate of different linguistic spheres . 
  in other words : austria is on the crossroads between the germanic , latin and slavic world . 
  culturally and linguistically . 
  probably 1/french . 
  the standard language is n't really liked in austria and the dialects are often regarded as `` gschert '' ( stupid , rural and uneducated ) . 
  sometimes you can hear different tones from the far right-winged fp\u00d6 . 
  i understand quite a bit from what i 've seen on youtube . 
  maybe you are not used to hear different dialects . 
  i 'll say it to them too . 
  swiss german ( s ) are upper german dialects closely related to standard high german . 
  i speak a dialect too and would never classify it as different language . 
  but that 's just me . . maybe the swiss think differently about this . 
  that 's just another german dialect . 
  i would n't consider it as a completely different language . 
  french , german and ??? 
  english ? 
  this project would be more difficult than i 've thought . 
  that 's not necessary . 
  in this case bayern will merge with \u00d6sterreich to baiern . 
  reunifying what linguistically belongs together . 
  on which side of the border is this ? 
  is it a russian or lithuanian sign ? 
  i tried it with my smartphone but did n't see much . 
  i do n't know why i 'm getting downvoted for something like that ?? 
  i think i need a pause from reddit . 
  i have no special glasses so i 'm out of the race . 
  it sucks . 
  but at least i saw the total eclipse in 1999 . 
  if you want to watch tv shows : i really liked `` les revenants '' . 
  but this one is a little bit more difficult for me because the show depicts two french families and therefore they talk very , very fast and colloquially . 
  except for a couple of words , not even the older generation speaks norman anymore ? 
  fascinating . 
  so i guess the uk has more official use of the norman language than normandy itself , right ? 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.purepeople.com/article/alexis-vastine-mort-de-sa-soeur-celie-21-ans-le-sort-s-acharne-sur-le-boxeur_a153001/1#lt_source=external,manual ) article . 
  nevertheless life ca n't get any worse for the parents . 
  that 's heartbreaking . 
  i think most of the people just overestimate their abilities . 
  there is a difference between holding an actual conversation about a certain topic and giving directions to tourists by using only 5 words . 
  same for austria . 
  70-79 % seems absurd if you think about how many old ( er ) people we have . 
  apparently i have n't thought this through . 
  we should also include belgium . 
  czech beer . . hmmmh . 
  czech republic , austria and bavaria should found an eu beer region . 
  we would win every price . 
  egal ob jude , deutscher , pole , russe , etc. 
  well . . you 've got some serious issues with germans in general . 
  it would be interesting where you come from but it does n't matter . 
  your words speak for itself . 
   [ citation needed ] [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/expulsion_of_germans_from_czechoslovakia#massacres ), 
  what the hell ? 
  you talk about civilians and children . 
  they did n't `` pull off '' anything . 
  i 've heard this argumentation a lot on reddit . 
  you ca n't answer injustice with injustice . 
  you downvote a guy for saying it was cruel what they did . 
  yeah , they sent nobody into gas chambers but they killed people nonetheless . 
  they did not just expel everyone . 
  i 've worked in a nursing home a couple of years in the summer and could talk to an old woman who fled from czechia to austria . 
  no wonder she had no sympathy for them . 
  they took her whole life she had to flee with her baby on foot . 
  she always said : `` benes war ein richtiges schweinsaug . '', 
  - `` benes was a real pig eye . '', 
  old people in austria call czechs `` bem '' which comes from `` b\u00f6hmen - bohemia '' and is used a little bit derogatory in my opinion . 
  mussolini had plans as well to expel all germans from south tyrol . 
  he could n't execute the plan because of ww2 . 
  i think italy made right the decisions by granting them autonomy and the right to use their language . 
  but you can still claim asylum in germany or austria and this enables you to receive at least a couple of months of our welfare paid by tax payers . 
  a lot of people from kosovo did this and frankly this is outrageous . 
  that feeling when belarus tells you that you are poor ... 
  [ probably related to eurovision . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1c7gdoafy0 ), 
  germanen , slawen , awaren , r\u00f6mer , kelten , . . 
  i only feel connected to the republic of austria . 
  that 's my country . 
  that 's where i grew up and where i have all my friends . 
  i have no affiliation with germany apart from a shared language and that a part of my family came from the the upper palatinate to austria 200 years ago . 
  since your country used the historical term for its own country there is no point in calling us germans anymore . 
  just historical ties . 
  we are austrians and nothing else . 
  i would rather leave the country than see the german flag in my city . 
  one of the key factors of the austrian identity is to be slightly anti-german/prussian . 
  i 've read and heard from this before so as long as you ca n't prove me wrong i guess i have the better sources because i have actually talked to people who were alive during that time and who told me about their memories . 
  edit : just type in google : `` hitler untersch\u00e4tzt '' and you 'll find plenty of stuff . 
  you hurt their feelings when you rejected them . 
  and it would be quite boring without them because then we would n't have a state anymore which we ca n't understand . 
  seriously when they speak their dialect it 's sometimes unintelligible . 
   hofer will probably win , he will be one of the worst presidents but he wo n't be a threat . 
  the funny thing is : people said the same things back then about hitler and the nazis . 
  sure , the situation today is completely different but i would n't make such statements . 
  our president has a lot of powers which ultimately could lead to a fp\u00d6 government which could turn austria into something like hungary in the worst scenario . 
  to showcase their english skills . 
  people want to know if they are able to speak at least basic english which is very important for this position . 
  we are even more federalist than germany . 
  austria is as big as bavaria but has 9 independent states which all have their own constitutions , administrations and laws and a lot of power . 
  totally agree . 
  he would turn austrian politics into a huge and unnecessary mess . 
   why ?
