  edit : for all people downvoting : maybe you would n't downvote if your country was just flooded by 100.000 people last year . 
  most of them young , male and without education . 
  most of them will never be a part of normal society here and will cost the taxpayers a fortune . 
  it 's just the reality . 
  it has nothing to do with xenophobia . 
  it 's the sheer mass . 
  i kind of agree . 
  war is always a bloodbath without sense . 
  but what 's the purpose of having an army if you are not willing to use it ? 
  their job is to defend the borders of their country . 
  and the austro-fascists did n't want to do that so austria ceased to exist as a country after that . 
  too many shitty moments . 
  but the worst was definitely that our army did n't fight the wehrmacht in 1938 when they invaded austria . 
  yes , a lot of austrians were happy to be annexed but the political leaders ( who also were fascists and dictators ) of austria should have done something . 
  this was more than shameful and so the world looked away and let hitler continue . 
  only because we learn english at school and sometimes eat at a burger restaurant does n't mean we have given up our culture . 
  op have you been to different european countries ? 
  i doubt you would get an american or japanese vibe in any of these . 
  sorry but we are divorced . 
  or in other words : we are never ever ever getting back together . 
  only if we include the netherlands as well . 
  they are already our neighbor !, 
   why is it that austrians feel generally closer to bavaria than the rest of germany ? 
  because we speak the same language/dialect and culture and traditions are also basically the same . 
  both countries are basically the same but with different political fates . 
  but we have kind of weird and not always easy relations with all of our neighbors including bavaria . 
  we do n't have that best buddy like you have slovakia . 
   let 's just kick out austria ( sorry guys , but ** you 're better a better team with germans anyway ** ) oh god . 
  please no . 
  i 'm only in favour of a south german ( alpine ) confederation with switzerland and bavaria . 
  everything else is off the table . 
   however a big part of the tv programm are german and american production dubbed in germany , which is mostly accent free german accents are also regional accents of the german language . 
  there is no pure german even if germans think they speak it . 
  be prepared for a crazy urban-rural divide in austria once again . 
  i think both groups could basically live in different countries because they vote and think so differently . 
  [ here are the austrian statistics for arrivals compared to last year . 
  ] ( http://www.bmi.gv.at/cms/bmi_asylwesen/statistik/files/2016/asylstatistik_oktober_2016.pdf ) new arrivals decreased a lot . 
  i personally do n't notice any difference compared to the past because i live in a city which already has had 20 % foreigners before the crisis . 
  if the situation in the mediterranean gets worse we will probably seal off the brenner border between austria and italy . 
  we have already built the infrastructure it only needs to be activated . 
  they are going to have free elections . 
  how can it be a dictatorship ? 
  by the way : your accusations regarding freedom of press are just conspiracy theories . 
  there are tons of critical articles on merkel and her policies . 
  but you probably do n't even speak german so how would you know . 
  they had to land in austria because they ran out of fuel and france , italy and spain denied morales ' plane to access their air space because they suspected snowden was on board . 
  why should it be embarrassing for us ? 
   do you have an example of this ? 
  [ here for example ] ( http://diepresse.com/home/panorama/oesterreich/464415/visadrohung_usa-wollen-osterreichs-polizeidaten ) . 
  **  have you considered a boycott of the usa ? 
  what ? 
  why should we do that ? 
   would you be open to sanctions on the us and arresting us soldiers who enter austria ? 
  no , but i want that the us respects our neutrality . 
  there have been many illegal flights through austria of us military in the past . 
  austria is not officially an ally of the us . 
  but i would see the us as a partner even though they always try to command us and if we do n't follow immediately they threaten us with visa restrictions for austrians . 
  i 'm happy that we are not part of nato . 
  i see no point in participating for us . 
  we were involved in many wars in the past so the eternal neutrality in our constitution is very important for our understanding of a free and democratic austria . 
  do n't forget to go hiking !, 
  the landscape there is beautiful and it would be a shame if you only see the beach . 
  [ i was hiking in the esterel massif near cannes in october and it was just stunning . 
  the european moral police ? 
  tell your mum to chill a little bit and just enjoy your trip . 
  no i do n't view them as arabs but my picture of turks is influenced by the uneducated , lower class , akp-voting diaspora which is living in austria . 
  and they are n't really representative either for turks . 
  swedish is for me the italian of the germanic languages . 
  very melodic and with a beautiful flow . 
  i ca n't say much more apart from that it 's an agreeable language . 
  it sounds alien to me because i ca n't place it . 
  usually i can immediately say : oh yes . . 
  romance language , germanic language , slavic language . 
  turkish is also quite striking . 
  but when i hear hungarian out in the wild my first reaction is always : what is this ? 
  nothing quite sounds like it . 
  it would definitely help if i heard it more often but it 's usually a rare experience . 
  there is no `` eu president '' . 
  this does n't exist . 
  there is the president of the council , the president of the commission and the president of the parliament . 
  last year on a ski lift i heard a woman talking with her daughter . 
  i could n't really place the language but it was obvious to me that it was a germanic language . 
  i asked her and it turned out that it was flemish . 
  i was quite surprised because it sounded quite different compared to dutch . 
  whenever i hear something unkwown and unfamiliar here in austria i think it must be albanian and when i hear something alien it must be hungarian . 
  otherwise i think i 'm quite good at guessing languages . 
  plus : all movies are dubbed so you can basically live your whole life in a german bubble . 
  absolutely not . 
  this was a democratic decision by the american people and we have to accept the outcome no matter who wins . 
  sanctions because of a truly democratic decision are never a good idea . 
  i know that as an austrian who was punished by the eu 16 years ago because they did n't like our elected government . 
  that 's the trump way to respond . 
  if you do n't like a question just say : `` yeah this is terrible , but what about isis ? 
  they are worse . '', 
  i know a couple of russians and they are all super nice people . 
  russian is a beautiful language as well in my opinion . 
  i 'm not a fan of the russian government but many people in my country are quite against the recent sanctions because it leads to nothing and only harms our relations . 
  even though we have some kind of similar attitude on this matter there were a lot of heated discussions and accusations regarding refugees . 
  we do not really have the same opinion . 
  there is also a never ending discussion about the airport of salzburg which seems to interfer with bavarian interests ( noise ) and a big conflict regarding a nationalized bank .
