  it will be too late for the old woman i once met at a retirement home who lost everything because of the czechs and had to flee with her baby on foot to austria . 
  she wo n't witness this act anymore but we still remember it here in austria that this is a black spot in history which needs to be cleared if want to move further in terms of the european integration . 
  also the republic of austria should be ashamed that it was n't even against these crimes . 
  the austrian government back then said something along the lines of : these people ( sudeten germans ) were always a problem for us . 
  do as you please . 
  and we did n't want to take refugees from there at any costs . 
  anyway , when i look at the public opinion in the czech republic it 's hard believe that this will ever happen . 
  thanks for the detailed answer . 
  very interesting . 
  i guess they are completely bilingual and i can definitely hear their carinthian german dialect out of their slovene . 
  i 'm curious : do the carinthian slovenes have a funny ( maybe german sounding ?? ), 
  accent ? 
  it always depends on how you say it . 
  if you go to them and say `` dutch is basically a german dialect '' then it 's obviously not going to end well . 
  nobody should be pissed if you say that dutch and german are sister languages from the same dialect continuum . 
   people trotted that same theory out in the early 1900s ( or was it the late 1800s ? 
  ) , and they were wrong . 
  but there was no political union of 28 sovereign states back then . 
  that 's a huge difference . 
  i think you are wrong . 
  european integration is and will be a major reason for peace in europe . 
  do n't forget that this project is n't finished yet . 
   nah man , your ancestors . 
  not mine . 
  maybe you wo n't be that lucky next time . 
  i also said that about europe as a whole . 
  switzerland was also involved in wars in the past . 
   i also hate this idea that the world will end with the eu . 
  europe existed before the eu and europe will exist after the eu . 
  europe was in ruins before the eu . 
  i know that the eu is far from perfect but we have to take what we can get . 
  like the new president of austria just said in the eu parliament : it 's easy to destroy the continent in a short time but a lot of work to build it up again and strengthen european cooperation and trust in each other . 
   the day that the eu collapses i will be celebrating on the streets with plenty of other people . 
  wow . 
  to be honest i 'm kind of speechless that people actually think like that and want the eu to vanish . 
  i guess a lot of people have already forgotten that our ancestors had to fight each other all the time still 70 years ago . 
  we live in the best time to ever be alive on this continent and some people want destroy this fragile and unprecedented condition . 
  neutral . 
  never seen a us soldier . 
  i 'm happy that they do not have military bases in my country . 
  they left austria in 1955 but my great-grandmother said they were way better than the russians and gave them chocolate . 
  if i do n't know the number or if i do n't say `` du '' to this person then with my last name . 
  if i know the person and we 're `` per du '' then just hallo . 
  where are you from ? 
  usually our dialects are 100x more melodic and softer than this ugly and artificial standard german shit . 
  we bitch about it a lot but we would never leave . 
  the eu is far from perfect but having a mediocre european union is way better than no union at all . 
   germosphere subreddit , but in reality it 's 99 % germany-related . 
  i think the whole concept of a shared subreddit for all speakers of german does n't work . 
  obviously there are mostly germans on / r/de who do n't give a fuck about austrian/swiss stuff . 
  i mean who can blame them . 
  on the other hand i 'm also not really that interested to be more active on / r/de because the german stuff does n't concern me either . 
   please stop doing it . 
  stop doing what ? 
   it 's not a nice attitude to have . 
  just for your information : there are ~ 700 million europeans . 
  i doubt you 'll find a general attitude on any matter . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i do n't really understand this post but you seem to be angry for some reason . 
   well , the austrian high command started wwi , so injustice is a bit of a stretch . 
  it 's not like a-h had no other choice but to invade serbia . 
  oh , and that justifies annexing a region against their will ? 
  the population is n't guilty but the politicians are . 
  i know that you know history very well so you know that if it was n't a-h after the assassination of the archduke it would have been some other country shortly after . 
  everybody wanted war . 
   so injustice is a bit of a stretch . 
  you 're right . 
  actually it 's a brutal injustice . 
  would n't anyone be mad and angry after your home region gets annexed by a foreign country which then tries to wipe out your culture and language ? 
   still , i do n't think i ever used plusquamperfekt after finishing secondary school . 
  neither have i ever in my whole life and i 'm a native speaker . 
   colloquially , the genitive is dying . 
  [ not in northern germany though . 
  they still use it in the spoken language . 
  ] ( http://www.atlas-alltagssprache.de/attribut/ ) and we do n't use the genitive because it died out in most german dialects hundreds of years ago . 
  north germans speak basically standard german so they use it . 
  dialects are vanishing in the south . 
  maybe the genitive will make a comeback in the future . 
  i 'm just saying it 's unfortunate that many people who were speaking a similar dialect of mine got expelled . 
  nothing more . 
  i heard trianon is still a big topic in hungary . 
  do people still want the areas back ? 
  for example would hungarians want a german speaking province like burgenland back ? 
  i mean historical it 's part of hungary . 
  there are quite a few . 
  it 's the past though and it is what it is but it 's sad that the german speakers in bohemia and moravia got expelled . 
  the bene\u0161 decrees which legalised this injustice are still valid in the czech republic so there is n't any justice . 
  the annexion of south tyrol was also injustice but at least they did n't get expelled . 
  well , mussolini tried it hard but could n't finish it . 
  a lot of german speakers in what is now slovenia also got expelled . 
  i think cities like marburg ( now slovenia ) and pressburg ( now slovakia ) were majority german speaking . 
  edit : it 's interesting that i 'm basically the only one in this thread who is being downvoted just for saying that it 's sad that people were expelled . 
   austria that 's debatable since we were never part of a unified germany ( except for the nazi years ) . 
  when did graz have a slovene majority ? 
  i 'm not saying it is n't true . 
  i 'm just curious . 
  very annoying . 
  i do n't like speaking standard german . 
  it feels unnatural and awkward when i 'm speaking it . 
  here in austria we would only use it for very formal situations like the final exams at school/exams at university or job interviews .
