  it 's probably safer in europe than in your home country . 
  wherever that may be . 
   best case scenario are the people who try to get up there in crocs and need a helicopter ride down . 
  those people are quite often czech tourists . 
  nothing against czechs but as an observer of austrian newspapers i have to conclude that they might not be the best prepared mountaineers . 
    german loanwords older than 100 years are even more maimed . 
   of course this all being declined according to the gender and stuff . 
  cool . 
  they are not maimed because they did n't come from standard german into czech but rather from austro-bavarian . 
   kv\u00e9r we say : gwehr  ma\u0161inf\u00edra we say : maschinfira, 
  i guess you have n't seen it . 
  it 's an amazing piece of art . 
  the question was about national treasures and since i recently went to the imperial treasury i can tell you that it 's more impressive than all the other fancy things the habsburgs collected for centuries . 
  imo the most valuable pieces of austria are the [ imperial crown of the holy roman empire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imperial_crown_of_the_holy_roman_empire ) and the [ agate bowl ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agate_bowl ) . 
  both can be seen in the in the imperial treasury at the hofburg palace in vienna . 
  i think most austrians do n't even care the slightest about the topic . 
  it 's not like having south tyrol would gain us anything . 
  our right wing politicians try to exploit the topic but there is not much to exploit . 
  sometimes some politicians discuss dual citizenships but it seems to be not compatible with eu law and many other unsolved questions ( who is eligible ? 
  what with italian speakers ? ), 
  a ) and b ) is like saying that i hate italy because they betrayed austria many times in the past . 
  highly irrelevant nowadays . 
  c ) wait what ? 
  germany is more decentralised than austria ? 
  but our languages are so similar . 
  if i hear dutch tourists speaking it happens frequently that i understand most of what they say . 
  it oftens sounds like german . 
  last week i talked to a dutch truck driver who was lost in my hometown and could n't speak english and i could understand him . 
  i just listened to a dutch audio cours last summer which taught me some of the differences . 
  most notably the du/je - ihr/jullie differences . 
  if you know that dutch becomes less confusing for us . 
  knowing english helps as well . 
  why should they go to germany ? 
  makes no sense . 
  that 's also something which will never happen again . 
  austria wo n't become a province of germany ever again . 
  depending on how the eu turns out it 's possible that we team up more closely in the futur . 
  but not as their province . 
  i really doubt it . 
  they would be stupid to ever leave italy with that juicy deal they got . 
  that would also mean that the eu has failed because borders should n't matter anymore in a united europe . 
  you liked my hometown linz ? 
  uh , i do n't hear that too often . 
  anyway , i was more talking about the rural part of the country . 
  i feel the same everytime i go to croatia . 
  i 'm currently in your beautiful country and everything is perfect here : the picturesque towns , the coastline , the many islands , the food , the people are friendly , etc. . 
  nice to hear . 
  though , vienna is somehow its own microcosm and the rest of the country is very different . 
  if you have only seen vienna as a tourist i would say that you have n't seen the real face of austria . 
  but i guess that 's the same if you go only to paris in france . 
  switzerland does n't consist of different nations but rather of different linguistic groups . 
  they are all swiss and not german , french or italian . 
  i do n't feel closer to scandinavians just because they speak a germanic language . 
  we austrians are culturally much closer to our non germanic neighbors than to scandinavians or the dutch for example . 
  i double croatia . 
  it has the best of two worlds : the picturesque towns like in italy and the great coast with many islands . 
  and no fucking sand therefore much more beautiful water . 
  i would also add the alps as a favourite destination . 
  so many activities to do there even in summer . 
  the beauty of the panorama there is one of the best views europe can offer . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  nah they are very careful that nobody does stuff like that there . 
  it 's bad publicity since they are now mainstream . 
   hiking and eating a ** brettljausn ** while looking over the alps . 
  alternatively : kaiserschmarrn . 
  you were not the only ones . 
  a lot of countries with german minorities expelled them after ww2 . 
  i understand those actions if you look at them in connection with what happened under the nazis just a couple of months earlier and how they treated slavs for example . 
  but i ca n't understand how things like the bene\u0161 decrees are still in effect . 
  even with them being active we 've allowed you into the eu so see this as a goodwill and that there are no frictions between our countries . 
  i have a cousin who grew up and lives in the southest part you can even imagine of bavaria and he speaks like a prussian . 
  kind of makes me sad . 
  nice to hear that there are still places where it is spoken . 
  i think the original viennese dialect sounds very much like my own dialect from upper austria . 
  the new viennese spoken by young people there aka standard german with a weird accent is my preferred subject of hate . 
  ca n't stand it . 
  but the old dialect like mundl spoke it is cool . 
  i live in linz which is kind of an exception because it 's the third largest city of austria and people still speak dialect or at least `` umgangssprache '' with heavy dialectal influences in all situations . 
  in cities like vienna and graz the trend goes more and more towards standard german . 
  i do n't think that it 's too late . 
  the chance of getting in a terror attack is relatively low . 
  istanbul is a gigantic city with 15 million people . 
  it 's kind of the same if you 're saying you 're not going to other european capitals which have been involved in terror attacks in the past . 
  anyway , i 'm not going there anytime soon either because i 'm not supporting erdogan . 
  turkey is too crazy towards my country right now . 
  i 've also told my relatives to avoid turkey because of that . 
  they ca n't insult us all of the time and think we 'll bring money into their country anyway like nothing has happened . 
  my two direct neighbors : czech republic : their beer is fucking awesome and they are the same bunch of grumpy alcoholics like we are . 
  i also want that we use `` ahoj '' as a greeting in german as well . 
  bavaria : they speak the same german like we do and are the only acceptable germans for us . 
  you actually do n't realize if you are crossing the border . 
  everything is the same as in austria except for the yellow town signs . 
  their beer is also very good . 
  both czechs and bavarians are verrry similar to us northern austrians . 
  especially in food and culturally . 
  i ca n't say much about other neighboring countries of austria because they are n't really my neighbors anymore . 
  i guess you mean the csu . 
  yeah , they are a special bunch . 
  they always want to decide about what we should do . 
  like we are still part of bavaria .
