  can i have two ? 
  germany and the czech republic . 
  but maybe it 's different for other austrians in different regions . 
  wtf . 
  what i really hate is such a shameless attempt of generalization . 
  by the way a male star could never write something like `` i hate women '' without destroying his career . 
  she 's even more than juncker part of the problem . 
  german hypocrites again . . 
  sure i understand your perspective . 
  but for example the the thirty years ' war where the population of central europe was reduced by 30 % could be easily as important as ww2 . 
  or the black death . 
  it 's hard to pick one as the most severe . 
  ww2 was the last big one and let 's hope it 'll stay like that . 
  there have been a lot of wars in europe with a lot of innocents being murdered . 
  they are all equally terrible . 
  furthermore i do n't think the most important historical events are necessarily wars and other terrible things . 
  you could argue that the creation of the eu is a more important event in history for germany than the nazi regime because it 's the first time in history of collective collaboration between european countries . 
  and it enables a future in peace . 
  i 'm christian on paper but i do n't give a fuck about it . 
  i 'm just looking at the muslim world in comparison to the christian world and it 's not difficult to choose where i would rather live . 
   anyway turkish will be an official language of the eu in our lifetime . 
  how ? 
   why would that have been a bad thing . 
  the language ? 
  that would n't have been a bad thing but with the battle of vienna we defended the old europe . 
  the christian europe . 
  and when i look at islam vs christianity in 2016 i think that was the better outcome . 
   1620-battle of white mountain ah . . the winterk\u00f6nig as we call him . 
  right . 
  i guess that would change one of the baugesetze of our constitution . 
  they wo n't ever get 2/3 for this endeavor . 
  would a zweidrittelmehrheit be necessary for a volksabstimmung in that case or could they also go with a volksbefragung like in 2013 ? 
   but i can see why the map would be coloured that way . 
  i do n't see it . 
  austria would never leave the european union . 
  even if the populist right-wingers were a part of a future government they would n't be able to make a referendum . 
  they would have to form a coalition with a party like the \u00d6vp and they would never agree to such a referendum . 
  no party besides the fp\u00d6 is against the eu ( i do n't know about team stronach but they wo n't be on the map anymore soon ) . 
  and it 's nearly impossible that strache gets over 50 % in 2 years . 
  in the tv confrontations before the election he always said it 's better for austria to stay in the eu . 
  but these populists change their opinion pretty fast . 
  they are in favour of everything what could gain them votes . 
  it 's not so bad if you do n't know the difference . 
  -  what i do n't know does n't concern me . 
  even though you almost are on paper . 
  yes we do take refugees because the human rights apply in the european union . 
   the idea that the eu is the only thing standing between europe and another world war ... in the nuclear age ... is just fucking bonkers . 
  i did n't say that . 
  of course there will be no world war . 
  but the uk acts in a mindset of a past and dark time age which is more about your own supremacy and nationalism . 
  what if this fuels similar movements in other countries ? 
  when the eu dismantles and european cooperation stops then we will have a war again someday . 
  it 's crazy that some people want the old europe back . 
  i guess 2 world wars were n't enough to make people aware how fucked up this time was . 
  i 'm ok with german too . 
  but french is more important internationally . 
  you just want the benefits . 
  why should we give them to you if you do nothing in return . 
  things do n't work like that . 
  i hope the eu gives them nothing in the future . 
  they shall witness how it is to be completely alone and cut off from the rest . 
  and can we please make french the new main language ? 
  the only thing in the comments i understood was `` hitler , hitler , hitler '' . 
  i guess hungarian youtube comments are n't better than their german counterparts . 
  i really love the coat of arms of hungary with the stephanskrone . 
  one of my favourites in europe . 
  i think it 's kind of sad that the czech republic and austria do n't have closer ties . 
  we are really similar people but the relations between our countries are n't that good . 
  i mean of course there were some incidents in the past but i do n't really get it to be honest . 
  i really like the czech republic but unfortunately there is n't even a highway connecting the north of austria and prague and the train connections are sooo inconvenient . 
  historically and long term : germany . 
  of course . 
  at the moment i think we connect better with bavaria and horst seehofer than with federal germany . 
  how many witches were burned in ww2 or in the yugoslav wars ? 
  oh i thought you were talking about refugees . 
  well , if you do n't like the freedom of movement then it 's probably better for you to vote out . 
  but remember it always goes in two directions : there are also many brits who work in other european countries . 
  you could fix immigration at least temporarily if you do n't manage it without any clue like before . 
  at the moment we do n't have a plan for it but it 's only a matter of time . 
   that 's a very unlikely what-if just look at the history of this continent . 
  thousands of wars . 
  do you really think people are now suddenly intelligent ? 
  when i look at the eurosceptic far-right i can say without any doubt : no . 
  that 's all ? 
  your reasons are nothing you ca n't fix . 
  of course it 's your decision and i 'll respect it but i 'm really confused why somebody would like to have the europe before the eu back . 
  what if everyone leaves and we go back to imperialist and nationalist times ? 
  there are strong populist forces who are working on that basically everywhere in europe . 
  we do n't really need a national day because we 're pretty patriotic 365 days of the year . 
  maybe not flag waving patriotic but the vibe in general . . 
   if we take those who have been in germany we 'd be stealing them and it would n't be fair . 
  but that 's exactly what the turkish football federation is trying all the time . 
  i get it because they have an immense talent pool of players with turkish roots in other countries but there are many stories about the turkish football federation trying to get players with turkish roots with nationalist arguments . 
  i was talking about their ideology . 
  neonazis are often more ready to use violence but you ca n't even generalise that . 
  there is also a lot of violence from the other side of the political spectrum -  black block . 
  they raided a tyrolean village a couple of weeks ago because of austria 's plans to control the austrian/italian border at the brenner . 
  she got caked because she is against the idea that everyone should be allowed to come and live in germany and someone did n't like that . 
  i know this was just one dude but seriously . . 
  i mean how can you really think that everyone can come to germany ?
