  it led to chaos in parts of europe . 
  this terrible management would have been her last political move in most european countries including austria . 
  but apparently not in germany . 
  du redst an bledsinn . 
  sorry , owa di kau i ned ernst nema . 
  we just know how to get the last penny out of every tourist . 
  it 's smart because the tourists pay it anyway . 
  but it sucks if you as a native want to do something yourself like skiing . 
  the prices are just . . wow . 
  oh god . 
  the sound of music i guess . 
  it 's not a movie we 're fond of . 
  most have n't even seen it . 
  but it 's good for tourism . 
  people come extra to austria to make these sound of music tours . 
  i appreciate barbarossa for cutting austria from bavaria and making it a duchy . 
  that 's basically the start of austria . 
  i really like slovenia . 
  i go there almost every year and it 's always a nice experience . 
  beautiful countryside and friendly people . 
  i also really like the diversity . 
  it 's kind of like austria in the north but in the south it becomes mediterranean . 
  * citation needed . 
  why should they not be european ? 
  they are just not ( yet ) in the monetary union . 
  for me it 's when i travel to another country and i 'm able to pay with the euro . 
  it 's my curreny but also the currency of many other europeans . 
  i really identify with this project where you can pay from portugal to finland with the same money . 
  it 's awesome . 
  do n't you dare to touch mozart . 
  :d he was a salzburger which is in austria . 
   `` germany is the stupid big brother , we 're sooo much better than him '' . 
  of course we 're the better germany . 
  that 's out of question . 
  we do n't hate them for that but pity them . 
  we have mountains , our german is much more beautiful , better food , more cultural heritage , etc , etc. 
   while germany was brutalized by a century of war , destruction , dicatorships and division , those two countries were n't as much . 
  the big austrian cities were also bombed during ww2 . 
  not as much as dresden or berlin , though . 
   i 've been to i felt least welcome in switzerland and ** austria ** really ? 
   i enjoy the playful bashing and nagging of germany in the netherlands but in austria it seems very real to me and not at all playful . 
  or maybe you do n't get the joke . 
   in our eyes you 're the evil , big neighbor who does n't notice us so we have to `` hate '' you . 
  i would n't mind being czech . 
  they have awesome beer , a beautiful capital and are pretty chill people . 
  i hope we would be allowed to use german . 
  if they sold us to germany ... 
  i would n't mind too much either but it would definitely be a little bit uncomfortable at first . 
  but in the end i 'm happy that this wo n't happen anyway . 
   i 'd say 2-3 on average . 
  uagh . 
  i 'd say that 's way too high . 
  we have so many old people who ca n't speak anything but german and there are way more old than young people in austria . 
  i also think that not many austrians without migration background can speak a second foreign language fluently . 
  it 's mostly german and english and the rest is quickly forgotten after school if you 're not super interested . 
  you could count our dialects as seperate languages though . 
  some fundamentalist middle eastern terror groups . 
  that 's all i know . 
  - germany ( i 've only been to lower bavaria and upper bavaria which is exactly like home ) - poland ( i want to visit silesia since it 's not that far from here . ), 
  - a scandinavian country in summer when the nights are short . 
  i have n't seen this post yet . 
  this is interesting so i have to comment here . 
   first of karenten is rightful slovenian clay . 
  celovec and beljak should be part of slovenia . 
  slovenian northern border should be above djek\u0161e . 
  so what do you want to do with so many german speakers in slovenia ? 
  you know , because the vast majority of people who are living in the land you claim do not speak slovenian . 
   who denied us our freedom , for literally 1000 years modern slovenia and modern austria were ruled by the family of habsburg . 
  austrians also were n't free people in the monarchy . 
  the republic of austria is not the successor of the habsburg empire . 
   we could buy the state for cheap from you . 
  i 'm not sure you really want that anymore once you see the bill . 
   and that a large part of what was once `` slovenian land '' has become completely germanised . 
  well , guess what : this is the past . 
  most of the people there do not speak slovenian anymore . 
  it 's not slovenian land . 
  the same as land where german speakers all around europe used to live is no longer german or austrian land . 
   again , even i 'm always amazed how nationalistic i get when i 'm in austria . 
  we ca n't change the past anyway . 
  the german speaking minority in slovenia was expelled and not slowly assimilated like the slovenians in carinthia . 
  we could also hold grudges . 
  i think we should rather look into the future . 
  i want peace and friendship with all our neighbors and the eu is the best way to achieve this . 
  same currency , no borders , we can live where we want . 
  no need for butthurt nationalism . 
  but why switch hands ? 
  that 's a lot of extra work . . 
   it 's about culture . 
  if it 's about culture then you have to group together the central european countries . 
  i do n't necessarily see a connection with tags like germanic , romance , slavic , etc. 
  central europe is quite similar in many ways despite speaking completely different languages . 
  slovenia for example is way closer to austrian culture than northern germany . 
  i 'd also suggest siegfried because he is the most masculine and most famous hero of the continental germanic mythology . 
  dude , please stop with all those stupid questions . 
  we do n't hate america . 
  we also talk shit about each other all the time . 
  that 's european tradition . 
  if you get triggered by this subreddit do n't visit . 
  what 's up with all the trolls at the moment ? 
  always the same person ?
