  i would never want the schilling back . 
  my country is rather small and in the heart of europe so for us it 's very convenient to be part of the monetary union . 
  furthermore i can also identify with this currency . 
  it 's one of the best european projects ever . 
  you can pay on the coast of the atlantic in portugal with the same currency as in the very north in finland and i 'm proud that my country is part of this historic project . 
  sorry because of the late reply . 
  i do n't know if it changes the situation . 
  if hofer wins we could have early elections but the fp\u00d6 still wo n't be powerful enough to decide alone about a possible referendum . 
  people from other european countries seem to believe that austria is a candidate . 
  but in reality it 's very unlikely for austria to hold a referendum about leaving . 
  the only party which is kind of in favour for leaving is not in power at the moment . 
  their next chance of being in the government is in 2 years and even then they would need another party to support their demand . 
  and they wo n't get over 50 % at the next election . 
  that 's impossible . 
  you witnessed the fp\u00d6 which is around ~ 30 % in polls . 
  they want to gain votes with edgy slogans which are disgusting . 
  but they do n't say anything anymore against people from eastern europe . 
  they now have other enemies like islam and moroccans who commit crimes here . 
  what do you mean with `` wir '' signs ? 
  that just means `` we '' in german . 
  i agree with you . 
  on reddit they say all the time that austrians are so racist towards slavs but i have never witnessed that . 
  of course there are some swear words but i guess poles also have these words for germans for example . 
  but i live in a bigger city and not in some shithole in the countryside where people hate everyone who is n't from that village . 
   so , yes , the european comission has the power to create laws that are immidiatly valid in each nation that 's not true . 
  the european commission only proposes laws . 
  same here with german . 
  i learned the grammar when i took latin . 
  german is nothing compared to polish . 
  i would love to learn more polish on duolingo but it 's so difficult . 
  i ca n't even pronounce half of the words . 
  you do n't get it . 
  we are in the heart of europe and our culture is a mix of many different elements and germanic is just one of them . 
  it 's just the english term which is so similar and therefore confusing . 
  in german it 's deutsch . 
  germanic people moved towards the south over 2000 years ago and have merged with many other cultures and people since then . 
  by the way : i can downvote you as well if that 's what you wish . 
  german \u2260 germanic german is more an identity . 
  op asked what is culturally germanic . 
  the term german would be a different discussion . 
  austria is n't a germanic country . 
  neither culturally nor ethnically . 
  we are a country which was influenced from all cultures which were and are present in central europe : celtic , roman , germanic , hungarian , slavic , . . we speak a germanic language ( even though with many more non germanic words than for example germans ) but it would be far too easy to call us a germanic country . 
  you can see it very good at last names . 
  there are so many not germanic sounding names which show the diversity of the country . 
  we also lived for many centuries in a multiethnic empire which mixed things quite a bit . 
  many people from other parts of the empire moved to vienna in this period . 
  austria \u2260 austrian empire the entente saw the republic of austria as a continuation of the habsburg empire while we see it as a completely new country . 
  thus we did n't `` own '' the former crown lands and therefore have no claims . 
  and now nearly 100 years later most of them already speak german . 
  what a shame that they could n't maintain their language . 
  i always feel like we austrians should have done more to protect the minorities . 
  was the carinthian plebiscite such a big deal for slovenians ? 
  never would have guessed that . 
   1848 i know that there was the march revolution in 1848 which changed the monarchy quite a bit . 
  i do n't really know what changed for slovenia though . 
   1920 creation of yugoslavia ?? 
   1941 i feel really bad right now that i do n't know what happened to slovenia/yugoslavia in ww2 . 
  : /  1991 independence for slovenia !, 
  well that 's not very good but i did n't use google or wikipedia . 
  966\u00a01156\u00a01358 / 59 1866 i guess 1918 and 1945 are too easy . 
  i 've read that you ca n't get any gasoline anymore at gas stations in some places and even in paris . 
  this sounds completely crazy and to be honest i could n't see this happening in my country . 
  we do n't have that kind of strike culture here . 
   it would be more like trump would somehow become the king of england , i.e. 
  a more representative role . 
  that 's not true . 
  the austrian president could be a very powerful position . 
  for example he can dissolve the parliament and appoint everyone he wants as chancellor and ministers . 
  former presidents did n't use this repertoire of instruments because they were always part of the reigning two parties ( \u00d6vp / sp\u00d6 ) . 
  leave or stay . 
  i do n't really care to be honest but make up your mind quickly . 
  the whole discussion is already pretty annoying . 
  i do n't think it would affect my country . 
  maybe we should also try to demand better conditions from the eu . 
  i do n't think you know what nazi germany was like . 
  it was definitely not a funny/always smiling country . 
  you could get into trouble very easily and people were wary to say anything to anyone . 
  even family members distrusted each other sometimes . 
  the gestapo punished even little offences severely . 
   in that we seem often portrayed as being like the einsatzgruppen or just the ss in general , in terms of everything from how we enforce an occupation to single team , small operations . 
  what ? 
  i do n't see the parallels . 
  edit : spelling, 
  or english is drunk dutch ? 
  who knows . 
  german is also not that different if you understand that : * sprich f\u00fcr dich selbst . 
  austria would n't go to war . 
  the eu does n't force a country to defend another member . 
  depending on the context if someone outside of the eu unlawfully invaded poland the austrian government would take poland 's side because this situation endangers peace in europe and therefore austria 's neutrality . 
  i could imagine austria helping with logistics and experts . 
  maybe special forces . 
  neutrality does n't mean that you have to isolate yourself . 
  primarily the eu is n't even a political union . 
  there is no single european foreign policy . 
  it 's just a peacekeeping , loose confederation of states which helps a little country like austria to stay independent and neutral in the future . 
  we have eternal neutrality in our constitution ( immerw\u00e4hrende neutralit\u00e4t ) . 
  sure the eu changed things a little bit . 
  we participate in the european union to ensure our neutrality . 
  the eu is the best way to maintain peace in europe and peace is essential for our neutrality .
