  the commission could initiate a `` vertragsverletzungsverfahren '' ( i do n't know the english name , it 's a lawsuit if a country breaks eu law ) . 
  then the austrian government could fight it in front of the european court of justice . 
  but this would n't be good for the eu because the whole country would see this as an act of foreign aggression . 
  and you do n't understand the fact of natural limits . 
  austria took circa 100.000 refugees last year . 
  we ca n't house that many if this goes on and on . 
  there are many safe countries in europe . 
  austria ca n't take all of them . 
  this is not about human rights . 
  edit : just to clarify . 
  i 'm not op of the removed post who insulted him . 
  but there are consequences for breaking eu law . 
   if austria ca n't deal with more refugees then it makes no sense for them to accept more the status quo is very comfortable for most eu countries . 
  of course the eu does n't want austria to stop taking refugees because otherwise they will go to other member states . 
  yep because today someone could be mohammed tomorrow he is abdhul in another city . 
  everything is fine as long as they shout that they are syrian . 
  not really . 
  they will be transported with busses directly to the german border . 
  the times of chaos at the border are over . 
  the fact that austria is a little country which can not host over 1 million of migrants ? 
  furthermore a lot of people just do n't know austria because they want to go to the paradise called germany , where everyone gets a free car and a house . 
  we should found a club for former relevant countries . . let 's call it austria-hungary . 
  the truth is : if you are as fragile and weak as a nation to allow an extremist and maniac like hitler to come to power then it 's your own fault . 
  it 's not like we sent someone to ruin germany . 
  eternal debt . . what a joke . 
  i 'm going to upvote you out of courtesy but on the inside i 'm really struggling with anger right now . 
  1866 - worst year of my life . 
  back then when we were still relevant . 
  never forget . 
  worst historical enemy/rival ? 
  italy . 
  those sneaky bastards ... 
  worst enemy/rival in modern austrian minds ? 
  germans because we can understand them and very often they sound silly ( their accent , but not all of them ) to us especially when you meet them face to face . 
  but we even like the germans . 
  it 's also germany for us . 
  i ca n't think of another country . 
  maybe it 's different for austrians from vorarlberg who speak an alemannic dialect like in switzerland . 
  i really like the southern european countries like italy , slovenia and croatia but it 's just not the same . 
   we 're much closer to the belgians as you are to the austrians . 
  to be honest , there is little to no difference between an austrian and a german . 
  austrians will say that they are so different but the reality is a little bit different . 
  the goal right now is not to block people on the austrian border but rather in front of the macedonian border if greece is not able to defend the schengen border . 
  the austrian fence is like you said not designed for such measures . 
  it does n't matter . 
  there are enough safe countries in this region . 
  i do n't get the idea of people who are against the fortification of europe . 
  i always hear `` what will happen to these poor people ? '' . 
  well , when there is no possibility of coming to europe they will have to stay in another safe country between europe and the middle east . 
  what we are seeing today is just asylum shopping . 
  these people are looking for the best countries but that 's against the idea of asylum . 
  the austrian government finally realized that and they are currently doing what merkel is incapable of . 
  our winters are n't for everyone . 
  especially those who are n't used to it . 
  so much much fog and rain . . it 's really not nice in austria at the moment . 
  i 'm glad that some are going home but the absolute number is still very low . 
  we will be reaching our `` refugee limit '' in a couple of months and then the real fun will begin . 
  it could be good . 
  grab your popcorn austrian politics will be back for a thrilling blockbuster before summer . 
   gr\u00f6\u00dfe-deutschland well . . that 's at least a little bit better than `` grobes deutsches reich '' like in `` the man in the high castle '' . 
   why would they ? 
  they 're richer and more spoiled under italian government right . 
  then they would have to send their money to vienna . 
  this does n't make much sense . 
  i do n't really care to whom they belong because i 'm not tyrolean . 
  if they want to be autonomous in austria like they are in italy i would even be against them joining austria . 
   people are aweful . 
  food is horrible and there is nothing to do . 
  also it is mandatory that you become catholic . 
  well . . the same could be said about all the austrian villages where they put migrants in right now . 
  yeah but it 'll take ages for the german authorities to work off all the applications . 
  and i 've seen a lot of economical data where slovenia is actually really good . 
  that 's why i wonder why so many migrants go blindly to overcrowded countries like germany , sweden or austria who ca n't even process all the applications . 
  to be fair . . 
  i 'm not sure either how austria is going to deal with the situation once the limit is reached . 
  i assume angela wo n't change her opinion so most of the migrants will be on their way to germany . 
  how many asylum seekers does slovenia have anyway ? 
  i wonder why it 's not a more popular destination . 
  if i were a migrant i would totally stay in slovenia because it 's just a marvellous country . 
   your . . you some did . 
  you ca n't generalise a whole country . 
  if we close the borders i assume slovenia is going to do the same thing . 
  if luxembourgish is not `` german '' , then alemannic or bavarian dialects for example are n't german either . 
  the difference : we do n't have a political agenda to make our dialect a language . 
   no i 'm not talking about vorarlberg , i find vorarlbergerisch easier to understand . 
  so you are swiss ? 
  i 'm talking about [ this gibberish ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmi2m06yffc ) . 
  furthermore there is no real `` ober\u00f6sterreichisch '' . 
  m\u00fchlviertler speak a lot differently than people from the salzkammergut and the dialect of the innviertel is like the one over the border in bavaria . 
   the map is just . . wrong . 
  i mean its a running gag here in austria that no one understands the upper austrian dialect , because its so god damn different . 
  really ? 
  i 've never heard that and i 'm from upper austria . 
  i think you mean vorarlberg because they do n't speak bavarian like the rest of the country but an alemannic dialect . 
  or german is a dutch dialect ? 
  / s it really depends what you consider german . 
  continental germanic dialects would be more fitting . 
  but how do we solve this kosovo problem ? 
  we could share it ? 
  there are a couple of nba fans in austria .
