  it happens all the time when abroad . . oh you 're german ?? 
  explanation follows . 
  people must know the truth . 
  but i think i would say that i 'm german after some stupid shit i made . 
  because americans ask all the time what we think about them . 
  old saxon is not a high german language . 
  they developed differently and i am not familiar with northern dialects . 
  in the south articles developed during the period of old high german ( 700 to 1050 ad . ) . 
  it was a process . 
  older texts do n't have them . 
  edit : articles developed out of the demonstrative pronouns . 
  maybe that is confusing you . 
  these words were used differently in the past and got a new function . 
  the same happened to me when i listened to the polish alphabet . 
  all those different cz-sounds sounded exactly the same to me . 
  i could n't hear the difference . 
  it is still used in newspapers for example . 
  it 's in the written language but we do n't use it in the spoken language . 
  so you did n't learn it for nothing you still need it if you want to read something . 
  it can sound sophisticated and educated in certain situations but in general it just sounds unnatural . 
  we only use 2 verbs in the pr\u00e4teritum : sein ( to be ) and wollen ( to want ) . 
  everything else died out in our dialects hundreds of years ago . 
   even german has les ehh ... here in austria we also do n't use more than 3 tenses . 
  the standard language has some funky stuff like plusquamperfekt , futur 2 or the pr\u00e4teritum past tense but nobody uses that here . 
  hell , you do n't even have to use any future tense in german you can just use the present tense . 
  well , that mess started over thousand years ago when german was similar like the slavic languages : without articles but the ending of every noun showed case and gender . 
  then people stopped pronouncing the endings of words so they had to start using articles to show the case . 
  now it 's just a mess where you ca n't determine the gender of a word immediately . 
  if we imitate a slavic accent in german we just leave out articles to sound more authentic because that 's one of the most common mistakes from speakers of slavic languages in both english and german . 
  tenses are the most difficult aspect for me as well since we basically only use 2,3 tenses in german . 
  it 's fucked up that you do that . 
  it 's textbook fascism . 
  obviously it differs from country to country . 
  here in austria it 's okay to be patriotic as long as you do n't show it . 
   meanwhile , i usually imagined that america , being a nation of immigrants , would be much more cosmopolitan . 
  have you seen what they do in the us ? 
  in schools they have to do this pledge of allegiance for their flag and country everyday in the morning . 
  or just watch an american football game on tv . 
  they will always sing the anthem before games in a theatrical way . 
  ending every speech with `` god bless the united states of america '' is also more than silly . 
  and that 's only the tip of the iceberg . 
  from my austrian point of view they are super nationalistic . 
  why ? 
  people just love to exaggerate . 
  it 's even easier if you do n't actually know the countries you are referring to . 
  there are people who think that we will be speaking arabic in the future because of some refugees . 
  some believe that you will immediately be raped here if you go on the street at night . 
  and that only because of a couple of articles they read online . 
  it 's the same with this phenomenon . 
  people hear that we watch american shows and that we listen to american songs ... that must mean that we are under heavy american influence which will inevitably wipe out european culture . 
  i think this is blown out of proportion and overexaggerated . 
  only because of some fast food restaurants and american music on the radio we wo n't `` americanize '' our cultures . 
  there are also many europeans who are fans of japan ( animes , food , music , etc ) but that does n't mean that they slowly morphe into a japanese person here in europe . 
  the mindset of most europeans is completely different than that of most americans . 
  we are n't as nationalistic , we do n't like guns , we do n't necessarily think we are the best in the world , we do n't call football soccer , etc. 
  i would be worried if these things changed . 
  hungarian !, 
  i find it super interesting and i really like the sound of it . 
  i have only experiences in germanic and romance languages so it would be cool to explore something completely new for me . 
  i know that i would probably never be able to learn it up to fluency because it 's so difficult and different compared to german but i would already be happy if i knew the basics . 
  i already have a learn hungarian book but i have only started to learn how to pronounce the alphabet . 
  could you also say orb\u00e1norsz\u00e1g ? 
  alpenrepublik , schnitzelland ( sarcastic ) , land der berge ( land of the mountains ) ;, 
  it 's funny that the official name of the german republic was deutsches reich . 
  you sure you covered all of your neighbors ? 
  it 's ok . 
  not going to happen . 
  many austrians are very skeptical towards the eu but very few would actually want to leave it . 
  i agree because the eu is n't perfect but still better than having no union at all . 
  german speaking neighbors . 
  beautiful landscape . 
  i want to go hiking there next year . 
  how are they perceived here ? 
  my home region is not a direct neighbor so we do n't have a lot to do with tyroleans in general . 
  every couple of months some politician talks about giving them austrian citizenship . 
  this was also a topic during the presidential debates . 
  both candidates in the run-off said they are in favor of that . 
  but apart from that i do n't hear a lot from them . 
  they did n't know that you ca n't just write the '' \u00df '' with a `` b '' because in this case it became a completely different word . 
  grob means rough . 
  so rough nazi reich . 
  and they did n't even show it to a native speaker . 
  when you write in caps in german you use ss instead of \u00df . secondly the nazis did n't call themselves nazis . 
  political enemies called them like that to make fun of them . 
  all in all it sometimes seems more like a parody of nazis . 
  i liked it . 
  season one could have been better though . 
  imo the pace was too slow . 
  [ the german was super cringy sometimes . 
  the big european nations are all somehow like that . 
  they think that they are the center of the universe . 
  everywhere they go they expect that people speak their language because they are so important . 
  i think they often feel kind of special . 
  smaller nations have a little bit of a different mindset . 
  we consume more foreign media so we know differences between countries . 
  we live closer to other nations and cross borders to other countries more often . 
   central europe the thing is just that we neither need nor want more migrants . 
  it 's even hard for natives to get a job and most migrants are living here without having any chance of achieving something in life . 
  they are n't allowed to study and most of the time end up doing stuff austrians do n't want to do anymore . 
  that 's the only thing they can do here .
