the main difference is that we are austrian citizens . 
  we love talking about that we are not germans but in reality you 'll find not many differences . 
  austria and bavaria share the same language , culture and traditions . 
  northern germany is indeed different to austria . 
  but bavarians would probably say the same . 
  wrong douche . 
  wrong city . 
  unfortunately my city is best known for being the favourite city and de facto home of the greatest douchebag of the 20th century . 
  and sleeping is hard when it 's hot . 
  i rather sleep well therefore i prefer cold weather . 
  praha is one of the most beautiful cities in europe . 
  it was n't destroyed during ww2 and is simply a pearl of beauty . 
  so much history , architecture and elegance . 
  * i 'm not surprised that the frenchmen would n't mind a british exit from the european union . 
  but you 're right . 
  to be honest we would be totally fine without them . 
  yes it 's true . 
  people welcomed the anschluss in 1938 . 
  back then austrians considered themselves as germans . 
  the first name of austria after the monarchy was even `` republik deutsch\u00f6sterreich '' . 
  but after the war austria saw itself as hitler 's first victim and pretty much denied the responsibilities for crimes committed by the nazis . 
  therefore a new national identity of `` austrians '' developed in the last 70 years . 
  now nearly nobody in austria would say that he is german except for a couple of people of the far-right scum of the fp\u00d6 . 
  german speaking europe is more than just germany . 
  it includes austria , parts of switzerland , south tyrol , luxemburg , liechtenstein and german speaking minorities in other countries . 
  there are regional versions for austria and switzerland from every big german tv station like rtl or sat1/prosieben . 
  usually they broadcast different commercials and regional news . 
  so yes , german media is not only big in germany . 
  yes . 
  german media is huge in central europe and it 's hard to avoid it especially if german is your native tongue . 
  nevertheless i do n't completely understand this irrational `` hate '' . 
  i bet a lot of people who are furious in terms of the `` piefke '' are watching german tv shows or german bundesliga on a regular basis and probably would n't want to miss those things . 
  if i hate them i would n't want to watch their media content . 
   dominance of germans in the german speaking media germany : 80 m inhabitants austria : 8,5 m inhabitants, 
  germans have a notoriously bad reputation in austria . 
  some people say it 's due to an inferiority complex . 
  actually they are pretty nice people and to be honest this whole anti piefke ( austrian word for germans ) mindset is a little bit hypocritical because austrians watch german tv all the time . 
  we also get a lot of money from them when they make holidays here . 
  allegedly the aborigines even offered that they could kill him . 
  he was a maniac . 
  but a genius as well . 
  yeah true . 
  i forgot about it . 
  we have mountains . 
  i live relatively close to the czech border . 
  but honestly there is not much contact with them . 
  i guess the south bohemian border region is kind of a dead spot in the czech republic . 
  austrians often drive to the shops behind the border to buy cheap cigarettes . 
  even so many years after the end of the iron curtain it seems like you travel into a different world . 
  but i think that 's just the region there . 
  prague is a lot fancier . 
  it 's more like an unofficial anthem . 
  i can stand it after 4 beers . 
  austrians are very patriotic . 
  that 's probably the biggest difference between us and germany . 
  hahahahaha, 
  what ? 
  actually in the european council every nation has 1 vote . 
  and that is the most important political institution of the european union . 
  definitely not the best system for big countries like germany . 
  a lot of danish vocabulary is very similar to german . 
  but it 's unintelligible for german speakers . 
  i would say even swedish is easier to understand because it 's pronounced clearer . 
  wow that 's an interesting scenario . 
  eventually this war led to the german war between austria and prussia . 
  kind of funny that they fought together against denmark in 1864 before fighting themselves in 1866 . 
  a large number of austrians are very anti-eu . 
  populism and right-wing parties are very strong here and a lot of people believe them what they say about `` corrupt brussels '' . 
  there are even comics released by the third largest party in the austrian parliament in which they say that the eu is literally a criminal organization . 
  pretty sad . 
  sometimes it 's hard to like this country . 
  i understand your point . 
  i 'm against all forms of nationalism too . 
  however i think you exaggerate a little bit . 
  like you said , this is a forum on the internet and i 'm sure these translations are more of a gimmick than expression of nationalism or arrogance . 
  calm down . 
  breathe . 
   everyone speaks english here . 
  sure . 
  you 'll find a lot of english speakers around the globe . 
  but often it 's not enough to know english . 
  even in my home country . 
  why are you so mad about someone translating his answers into his native tongue ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the world did n't `` decide '' to speak english . 
  french is still one of the three most important languages of the union . 
  there is nothing wrong with a little bit of linguistic diversity here . 
  probably c\u00f4te d'azur . 
  they have everything there . 
  mediterranean climate , the ocean and the alps . 
  this would be the perfect combination for me . 
  that 's a nice idea . 
  do you have some examples ? 
  apparently sweden helped austria ( especially austrian children ) in times of need after ww1 . 
  therefore they named the square schwedenplatz to thank them . 
  but . . but . 
  they made us feel special . 
  having your own empire is way better than bending the knee in front of the evil pickelhauben . 
  damn . 
  we should n't have lost the war in 1866 .
