  again : that 's not what i meant . 
  sure i like living in my hometown but why should i differentiate between an estonian and an austrian if he/she was my neighbor ? 
  both are foreign to me at first because i do n't know them personally . 
  there is no special bond just because of citizenship . 
  i just do n't think like that . 
  i do n't care what you eat , what you look like or which language you speak . 
  we are all equal in the eu . 
  only because history made me austrian it does n't mean that i feel connected to all of them . 
  i like my family and friends but apart from that ... 
  little countries have a relatively large power compared to the big guys like france or germany . 
  they have the same vote in the council . 
  merkel and juncker ruling over europe is a myth for opponents of the eu . 
   similar to how i love my own family they are not my family . 
  i do n't know most of my fellow countrymen . 
  why am i closer to a random austrian than to any other european ? 
  because of royal families and wars which shaped the form of the continent . 
  nothing more . 
  and it 's the source why so many europeans had to die over the last centuries . 
  the scary thing is that nationalism is still alive and kicking . 
  i mean . . 
  i do n't think austrians are better or superior than other europeans . 
  and that 's the message of nationalism : my country/ethnicity is superior to everything else . 
  who can think that way ? 
  sad . 
  i ca n't understand why so many people do not appreciate the new europe . 
  we have our difficulties and the migration crisis is a very serious matter but it 's the first time in the history of this continent that so many countries achieved something so precious and valuable . 
  we have peace , open borders , prosperity , etc and still so many people want to isolate themselves and keep nationalistic tendencies . 
  i hate nationalism . 
  it 's european cancer . 
  * nobody forced them to come to us . 
  if they go to a foreign country they have to obey to their laws and if they do not they have to leave . 
  i do n't want these violent people to come to my country . 
  we already have enough austrian idiots that 's enough . 
  i 'm not fond of turning down refugees who really need help but i always cringe when i see violent stuff like this . 
  at least you have still some good pieces . 
  i really like brook lopez but yeah . . billy king pretty much traded away your future . 
  i think the magic are going to be a fun team to watch on league pass . 
  so much talent and vucevic is already a star . 
   i feel like i 've memorized everything eporner has . 
  they used to be so good . 
  but they do n't upload a lot of new films anymore and it 's mostly just some short preview . 
  here . 
  i am excited . 
  my fantasy team is ready and i 'm looking forward to watching nba basketball again . 
  what do you think of mario hezonja ? 
  i guess these are just the old stereotypes . 
  nobody says `` k\u00fcss die hand gn\u00e4diges fr\u00e4ulein '' or something similar . 
  even in austria the standard language has the most prestige . 
  almost all young viennese people speak more or less standard german and mock the rest of austria for not speaking it . 
  no it 's the opposite . 
  unlike austrians a lot of germans speak the standard language which sounds highly artificial to my ears . 
  if i wanted to sound fancy i would speak more like a german . 
  the dialects are more vulgar . 
  til there are some old and very ignorant people in austria which are a little bit anti-czech ( maybe historical ) but that 's it . 
  we only look down at the germans because of their accent . 
  yes they are relatively new ( founded in 2012 ) and i think they are rather pro immigration but i 'm not completely sure though . 
  de sauprei\u00dfn ... 1866 worst year of my life . 
  the march is great though but [ i prefer the more southern and melodic austrian tunes . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afm9pv8rypq ), 
  that 's cool . 
  i knew that italians and spaniards can understand each other to a certain degree but i did n't know that romanian is that close too . 
  but to be honest i do n't know much about romanian . 
  : / that 's a shame because your language sounds very interesting . 
  you still have something like a case system , right ? 
  i just love the orthography of french and it 's also the perfect language to learn for a history nerd like me . 
  i have an italian learning book at home and i must say after several months of intensive french it does n't seem to be too difficult . 
  italian is definitely a project of mine for the future but i have to get better at french first . 
  yeah sure . 
  i 'm learning french on my own since last december and i 'm loving it . 
  latin was just a school obligation as you said . 
  do n't get me wrong i like latin because of its historic relevance i 'm just not good at translating ancient texts from ovid and caesar . 
  learning latin at school compared to learning french now is a completely different experience . 
  yes . 
  grammar was horrible for me . 
  i had problems to actually recognize things like aci or ablativus absolutus and words which belong together but are located 100 words apart for some ( ancient ) reason . 
  i would love to speak a slavic language but i even struggled with latin at school therefore i 'm not optimistic to be able to cope with 7 cases and heavy noun inflection . 
  but i love how they sound and they should definitely get more love on reddit . 
  this does n't affect just french . 
  it 's a global trend that former international languages are reduced to its cores and english is becoming more and more relevant and widespread basically everywhere . 
  i understand that many people were angry and felt hate towards germans . 
  no wonder , after years of tyranny from the nazis . 
  i think benes has to take the blame for the murders because he let it happen and even encouraged it with his ambiguous speeches . 
   yes , their german neighbours lost property , land and they were expelled , but those people lost their families . 
  what is worst ? 
  many germans were murdered by czechs after ww2 . 
  [ one example ] ( https://youtu.be/2eyhmmh4auw?t=2m45s ) . 
  [ or another one . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brno_death_march ), 
   germans decided themselves that they did n't want to live with their fellow citizens of `` lower race '' in these countries so they tried to wipe them out . 
  so you are saying that all germans were nazis in 1945 ? 
  even little kids ? 
  alpine skiing !, 
  kitzb\u00fchel weekend is like a public holiday for austrians . 
  what 's the definition of shopping ? 
  because in austria there are open supermarkets at train stations for example . 
  also there are many supermarkets which are connected to a gas station which circumvents the prohibition . 
  tourism is a valid exception so many tourism regions have open supermarkets on sundays . 
  even though it 's mostly pictures of france and italy which are being posted here and i want to see such albums of other european countries too i ca n't help but upvote anyway because it 's so pretty . 
   and bring back latin somehow a modern latin like french , italian or spanish would do it too . 
  now that the british brexit themselves from europe it would be the best time to make french great again .
