  i am one and i hope that basketball will be more popular after p\u00f6ltl enters the league . 
  the same happened with thomas vanek when he was drafted in 2003 . 
  you did n't want them back then and now they are going to stay with the old empire . 
  so being against racism and the idea of superiority of your own people is now a bad thing again ? 
  you guys should introduce a 1930 's themed css . 
  what a time to be alive . 
  i 'm out of here . 
  good luck with your hatred filled circlejerking on here . 
  i 'm not sure anymore if this is n't actually a satire subreddit . 
  if not those guys would do exceptionally well in the 3rd reich . 
  am i doing this ? 
  i just find the concept of keeping a country 's culture , ethnicity or language `` clean '' a little bit weird . 
  due to austrias history and geographic location , our culture is a mix of almost everything surrounding us . 
  germanic , slavic , latin , hungarian , etc. . 
  even the germanic settlers who formed the majority of the region after the great migration period were people with vastly different backgrounds and they had to grow together and create something new with all the other people who lived there . 
  such things change constantly and i do n't think it 's necessarily a bad thing . 
  then maybe it was n't the best idea for poland to join the eu with its free market where everyone can live and work wherever he/she wants . 
  i do n't mind if other nationalities come to live/work in austria but for some countries like poland it sounds like the apocalypse . 
  migrants have to learn the language but apart from that i could n't care less if for example poles , czechs , etc want to live in my country . 
  yeah because everything foreign = bad , right ? 
  is n't this santa that guy from the [ coca cola commercials ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdoduc9m0sg ) ? 
  [ / r/europe i want to present you mr.rainer p . the face of austrian sports on national television . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/-npi9c-ilmc?t=1m22s ) and let 's not forget our glorious football commentators . 
  especially oliver `` messi , messi , messi '' polzer . 
  believe me , at least in my country very few people are from the same place as their relatives were 200 years ago . 
  europe is a melting pot . 
  only very recent migrants and a couple of generations after that identify with their former nationality . 
  you lost an umlaut . 
  her you can have one for free : \u00f6, 
  yeah is n't she always extremely high in popularity rankings compared to her party 's poll numbers ? 
  the habsburgs always wanted to match france 's glory . 
  but yeah . . most of the time everyone tried it . 
   they 'll always have an accent but they can . 
  well . . 
  i have an accent as well so that 's not too bad . 
  i read an article about this once . 
  the german myth of `` wei\u00dfe weihnachten '' comes from people who emigrated to new england in america and sent post cards and other stuff home . 
  winters there are much stronger and usually white . 
  maybe i can find the article again . 
  edit : [ here it is . 
  i ca n't imagine that a country can refuse its citizens to reenter their country . 
   i guess they did n't like it . 
  yes . 
  * according to the police twitter ( actually labor union of the police ) the reason for the brawl was unhappiness with the food . 
  * edit : [ here the article in german ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/panorama/berlin-schlaegereien-unter-fluechtlingen-in-spandau-und-tempelhof-a-1065141.html ), 
  it 's useful for writing purposes and to be understood throughout the sprachraum . 
  it just sounds artificial to me when spoken . 
  but i get it . . people hate other accents or dialects of their own language . 
  it 's just like there are also rivalries between cities and so on . 
  is n't it actually a good thing to have some kind of variety ? 
  it 's always a fun game to guess where somebody is from . 
  i 'm pretty good at this game with austrians . 
   austrian german . . redneck you do n't wan na know what we think about your german . 
  i always shudder when i hear it on the street . 
  i like arte but unfortunately i ca n't watch it online from austria . 
  they geoblock their stuff which makes me angry . 
   everyone this was just the beginning . 
  there are still millions to come . 
  syria alone has 22 million inhabitants . 
  fortunately there will be a limit when germany runs out of accommodations even if merkel naively tells everyone that there is none . 
  i really do n't want to defend our dumbass chancellor but i think he made the holocaust comparison when hungary was driving the refugees/migrants directly to the austrian border . 
  the irony : austria does the same thing . 
  they put all in busses and drive them to the border . 
  there are cases where austrian police refused to let them claim asylum in austria . 
  faymann must be the most incompetent `` leader '' of any european country . 
  we could have helped you with your fence but apparently our government is too busy to decide how to call this thing . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  not even austria and slovenia are able to work together ... 
  the turks are already in vienna . 
  75.000 of them . 
  kim kardashian was angry [ because a german comedian made a borderline racist joke at the opernball ] ( https://youtu.be/fsvbldhokbw?t=3m6s ) . 
  you 'll find racism basically everywhere in europe . 
  at least we do not have burning shelters of asylum seekers like in germany . 
  this was on / r/austria a couple of weeks ago . 
  this guy had one really bad experience with an older man in his apartment . 
  then he met a crazy lady who apparently shouts at everyone and after that he fantasized about people staring at him on the bus . 
  that 's not a very representative study about racism in austria . 
  edit : spelling, 
  austrians are always complaining , are somewhat pessimistic ( it 's called granteln and sudern here ) and expats may think that 's unfriendliness . 
  actually that 's just our central european charm . 
  like in your anthem right ? 
  but it 's ok . having a big empire is not everything . 
  we still have apfelstrudel and christoph waltz . 
   austrians probably hate the italians . 
  nope . 
  we are wannabe italians because we do n't want to be germans . 
  italy is our holiday destination numero uno . 
  we love the beautiful cities , the food , the weather and many austrians are fans of italian football ... scusi ... calcio clubs . 
  seriously . . 
  i 've never really met an austrian who dislikes italy and the italians . 
   also , this might reduce further popularity of fpoe , which is very important . 
  it 's better to have kinda normal parties playing it hard than give the power to full retards and go full retard mode . 
  username does n't check out . 
  - austrian government ... oh wait ... 
  but that 's just a theory why it 's called rakousko . 
  it could be something else . 
  there was a gothic tribe the rugians/rugii who settled in the border region between modern austrian and the czech republic . 
   ethnicity i do n't know much about estonia but i guess we do n't have an ethnicity in austria . 
  we were always on the crossroads of different peoples and cultures . 
  germanics , slavs , celts , avars , romans/latins ...
