  i mean there is always room for differences caused by different educational systems but the parameters of these two countries are basically the same . 
  and so are the results . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  of course we are talking about applicants . 
  they need a shelter , food , get social welfare , etc. 
  they cost a lot of money . 
  even if their application is denied it 's very hard to bring them back to their native countries . 
  most of the time they have several possibilities to appeal which takes a lot of time ( over 10 years in some cases ) . 
  and even then it 's not clear if their native country takes them back and sometimes they are even accepted to continue living here if their application is denied . 
  i do n't know where you get your numbers from . 
  but here are the official numbers from austria from january 2015 until november 2015 . 
  december is not yet published . 
  http://www.bmi.gv.at/cms/bmi_asylwesen/statistik/files/2015/asylstatistik_november_2015.pdf 80.000 until november . 
   we should just shut the doors for a short period to see how they cope in the secluded little valleys with their reduced gene-pool . 
  or as we say in austria : bist irgendwo augrennt ? 
   then why they are still on eu ? 
  are you talking about austria ? 
  if yes : we took 100.000 migrants last year . 
  a lot more than most european countries . 
  you really think that we `` just want to share all the benefits '' ? 
   that would make a mess out of austria . 
  germany has been capping their entries since last year . 
  they are even sending people back to austria . 
  thus it 's more than hypocritical if the german government is criticizing austria for something they are doing themselves . 
  because she 's a hypocrite . 
  she 's been criticizing the decision to close the borders in macedonia even though she does n't really want new mirants anymore . 
  of course because they are endangering her political career but it 's definitely a dangerous game she 's now playing . 
  oh i 've found the reason why i feel so anschlussy at the moment . 
  i have n't eaten meat since yesterday . 
  i 'm gon na fetch myself a kebap right now . 
  brb, 
  you are not wrong . 
  tschechei is just the short form of czechoslovakia . 
  older people still use it because they do n't give a fuck . 
  nah `` tschechei '' is just the old double country : tschechien + slowakei = tschechei . 
  short form of tschechoslowakei . 
  the austrian government is afraid of losing their jobs . 
  we have a populist right-wing party which would be winning all the next elections if they are waiting for merkel to find a european solution . 
  especially our chancellor would have never supported the balkans closure if his job and his entire political party was n't in immediate danger . 
  i really wonder why so many people on the internet see germany dominating the eu . 
  we see it all the time that the germans want something done their way but other members just nope out . 
  well , it 's going to be hard for austria to send ships but i 'm in favour of a military mission . 
   when you 're already in a country and want to get in the neighbouring country , who bears the most responsibility to do control checks ? 
  the country you 're leaving from or the country you 're entering into ? 
  well , since we 're not east germany in the 60 's it 's pretty evident , right ? 
  that 's the reason why it seems like we are now having a deal with macedonia . 
  it 's too easy to bark against greece but the reality is that your government has done nothing in the past to stop the flow . 
  i even discussed about it on / r/europe over a year ago and everybody agreed that dublin is n't working anyway . 
  migrants always moved towards germany , austria etc otherwise we would n't have had refugees at all if dublin had been enforced back then . 
  on the austrian side just a tiny number was moved back to countries like greece before the wave started last year . 
   greek counter argument : '' we deal with this migration problem for the past 15-20 years greece has always been just a transit country . 
  we have the real shit going on here because we have to pay for their living . 
  i agree . 
  it 's not fair if greece has to take now all the afghans but this eu , schengen and dublin thing is n't working . 
  now everyone is just looking after their own country . 
  this could have been different if merkel had n't chosen to give the billions to erdogan instead of organising a mission to control the aegean sea properly . 
  secure the schengen border greece . 
  this madness has to come to an end . 
  i know it 's difficult . 
  erdogan is sending thousands of people over the sea every day and we pay turkey billions for this service . 
  and they wo n't even take people back . 
  best part is from greece : `` soon we have no place anymore to house that many migrants . '', 
  austria : `` neither do we . '', 
  population \u2260 habsburgs in austria you 'll even get strange looks when you enter little , remote villages as an austrian . 
  for them everyone is a foreigner who is n't from that village . 
  the bigger cities are more cosmopolitan though . 
   why is that ? 
  also , austria being quite eurosceptic ? 
  why is that ? 
  the biggest tabloid in austria is strongly against the eu . 
  also they fucked with us in 2000 when they imposed sanctions on austria because an elected government came to power which was n't in their interest . 
  now they are doing it again : they are just neglecting austria 's wishes in the refugee situation and they will pay for it with even worse approval rates . 
  the lexical similarity of dutch and german is indeed very close . 
  my biggest problem when reading dutch is the unfamiliar spelling . 
  i like reading dutch wikipedia and often i ca n't translate a word immediately because of that reason even though it 's the same as in german . 
  it helps when i read it out loud . 
  violence should always be the last option . 
  the financial benefits of being a refugee ( economical migrant in disguise ) are too good at the moment . 
  especially in countries like austria or germany they get too much welfare . 
  first we have to make europe unattractive for economical migrants . 
  like . . really unattractive . 
  when they know that they wo n't get money or a job in their target country not so many will make the trip . 
  but i agree . 
  we have to secure the sea borders and send people home before they enter european soil . 
  at the moment it 's a good deal for people from morocco for example . 
  they get a much better life even though they have no chance for asylum . 
  people from the political left always say : we have to honor the human rights . 
  well . . human rights are okay if you deal with a relatively small amount of people . 
  but they are going to destroy your own country if half of africa wants asylum . 
   we lived nothing compared to them . 
  i 'm still worried about europe . 
  relatively small problems ( compared to war ) like the refugee or euro crisis are showing the lack of a united europe . 
  what will happen if something worse happens ? 
  i guess we need something more serious than the eu to overcome these problems . 
  the future of europe is not that bright . 
  this is just the beginning because africa 's population will explode in the next decades and migrants will be flooding our countries . 
  there is an ocean between us and africa but i think nothing will stop them unless you use violence . 
  i blame the jurists . 
  that 's not even a real word but invented for legal purposes . 
  but it 's a cool feature of german that you can basically invent new compound words all of the time .
