  because it 's easier to blame foreigners, 
  when 2nd generation folks act like 1st generation you should ask yourself why they still feel like outsiders . 
  strange comparison , consisting japanese americans actually did n't do anything . 
  to be fair , muslims are the main target of terrorist attacks . 
  it just happens in brown countries so nobody in / r/europe gives half a shit . 
  damn those islamic ira !, 
  insulting grief will surely get better results . 
  i think you 're misinformed on the terrorists of decades past . 
  as an israeli , no , there were no warnings , only exploding buses . 
  accusing liberals of actively seeking terrorism wo n't help either your political argument or the victims . 
   something very , very drastic happens to the middle east in the near future, 
   middle ages, 
  ^ maybe ^ it ^ just ^ was n't ^ funny, 
  their german and belgian , but thanks anyway . 
  the same is true in much of the us . 
  most house seats are gerrymandered so hard they ca n't swing . 
  but maybe brits react differently to this situation - i do n't know . 
  i 'll probably ask what my british-american friends think . 
  at least in the us , there are millions of people who view the elections as a choice between the lesser of two evils . 
  and compared to european countries , we vote overwhelmingly for just two parties . 
  we 've only had one `` independent '' ( i.e. 
  third-party ) senator in ages . 
  i truly believe smaller parties can find enough support if the system was n't so stacked against them . 
  that does make me feel a bit better . 
  we 're fortunate that our only two neighbors have such radically different flags . 
  ukip would have been scary . 
  put in power , they could have done something crazy , like ... oh . 
  i think if anything pr encourages voting for smaller parties , which would probably have resulted in ukip having * more * than 78 seats . 
  i tried to remember without checking which of you had a belgian flag and which had the german flag . 
  i did n't do well . 
  i was not aware of that . 
  i can understand what you mean by that , presumably by the `` other '' implying english to be a native british language . 
  i 'll stand by that . 
  english formed from a mixture of anglo-saxon , germanic , and romance elements , and these elements were mixed on the british isles . 
  it 's not as if gaelic languages did n't incorporate earlier indo-european elements . 
  the eu can not raise taxes without the explicit consent of its members . 
  signing up for the eu means agreeing to participate in its funding , but it ca n't just decide to raise the tax rate without everyone agreeing to it . 
  i agree that the eu has too many restrictions for a proper confederation . 
  but i also admitted that it 's trying to be more than a confederation . 
  i 'm just arguing it has n't reached that point yet , and probably never will . 
  he 's also a troll , but it 's still an interesting point to consider . 
  not necessarily . 
  a confederation can have authority in matters it was specifically created to address . 
  the eu was created , among other things , to promote intra-european trade , and the member states decided it was in their best interest to give up a little power in that area to boost their economies . 
  if it was a federation , states could n't just decide to leave ( see : norway , britain ) and it could actually raise taxes , which at present it can not . 
  the eu * is * a confederation . 
  it may be trying to advocate for more unity and control but it 's nothing like the american or russian federations . 
  eu member countries have more autonomy than any federal member states . 
  admittedly , the eu probably * wants * to be a proper federation , but it 's started to hit a brick wall in that regard . 
  if boston was good enough for the dropkick murphys it 's good enough for all irishmen !, 
  is that why it tastes like stale copper ? 
  actually , the number of irish-americans is vastly greater than the population of ireland . 
  he 's not necessarily wrong , depending on your definition of `` irish . '', 
  sure , i get where it comes from . 
  i just like how the english carries so many marks of other native british languages . 
  admittedly , no . 
   mull of kintyre my favorite thing about scotland place-names is that i do n't even know what the * nouns * mean . 
  it 's not even dumb shit being said . 
  very few people are denying the murder of armenians . 
  but now , you can literally go to fucking jail for admitting it happened but asking to debate the application of the term `` genocide . '', 
  you are correct , but the armenian genocide portion makes for a better headline . 
  if you have to ask , you are . 
  it seems to me , for the sake of argument , that this is more than 2 rules . 
  what you call a `` definition '' i see as a list : 1 . 
  be patient 2 . 
  be kind 3 . 
  do n't envy 4 . 
  do n't boast ... and so forth , which is n't really all that different from the 10 commandments . 
  interesting analogy . 
   what are the two ? 
  i 'm assuming the golden rule is one of them ? 
  i do n't recall jesus abolishing the 10 commandments . 
  this seems confusing to me . 
  are they saying 4 % committed pedophilic acts , or were pedophiles ? 
  those are not the same . 
  and again , i think the main problem is the lack of accountability . 
  when most pedophiles get caught , they get sent to jail ( where they are the most hated group ) . 
  when catholic priests got caught , they used to shush the whole thing and move them elsewhere in an active attempt to protect the church 's reputation . 
   about catholics catholics in general , or priests in particular ? 
  and were they actually being punished for their crimes ? 
  because that 's a big problem with the sex scandals - the coverup . 
  thanks !, 
  to many , any christianity would be considered `` extreme . '', 
  to some , you 'd have to murder babies before it crosses the line . 
  it 's a hard line to define . 
  yes . 
  britain must choose between the right wing and educate everyone in christianity , or left wing and educate everyone in islam . 
  a literal interpretation of the bible is important to people who want to keep quoting rules from it . 
  i 'm like 90 % sure there 's at least ten . 
   if they were [ the same ] , then there would be no reason to differentiate . 
  clearly you do not understand american denominations . 
  i have heard `` burned , '' `` learned , '' and `` dived , '' but never in my life have i heard * anyone * say `` digged '' except in the slang sense ( to like something ) and even then it 's rare . 
  protestant priests are allowed to get married , ~ ~ so ~ ~ and sexual abuse is far less rampant . 
  edit : i wo n't draw a cause-and-effect relationship that i ca n't prove , but those two facts are still probably related . 
   cold hard fact . 
  could you please source it ? 
  all i can find is that 60 % of brits are at least nominally christian . 
  i think the beret comment was because the lovely brit mistook your flag for that of france . 
  catholicism has a much better history with education than evangelical protestants . 
  somehow , the picture in the article depicts muslim kids .
