hah , on closer thought maybe that 's what it does mean ? 
  can anyone call the king and ask , i forgot his number . 
  of course , but i do n't see the point in including royal mottos together with national ones at all . 
  maybe you 're just as big a part of the problem as the_donald , except you happen to be on the opposite side of the spectrum , hm ? 
  yeah , sounds more like he appreciates punctuality . 
  so just because i do n't want to engage in downright meaningless political discussion with foreigners , about my own home which i know most compared to the people i 'd be arguing with , i 'm somehow associated with the_donald ? 
  if i wanted a political discussion about the state of my home i 'd argue on / r/sweden where i 'd have a chance to influence someones opinion and in turn their vote . 
  like , come on . 
  i think it 's a bit skewed , because for sweden , and i 'm sure norway , it 's the royal motto of the monarch . 
  it 's a motto of our king and is meaningful for us royalists because it shows a certain loyalty to the country . 
  it 's not meant in the same way as a national motto , the kings motto is meant to reflect his reign ( or currently work for the country ) . 
  i think it 's pretty silly to compare royal mottos to national mottos , it does n't show well with our current monarchs motto but compare it to our kings great-grandfather who had the motto `` with the people for the fatherland '' and you see the problem . 
  a swedish household is always stocked up on fika , god damn it !!, 
  hah , without revealing my own political standpoint on this event or the direction of my home , something very bizarre is going on here . 
  i 've got front row seats though , that 's something i guess ? 
  hahahaha that 's the most ridiculous thing i 've heard so far this week . 
  fucking armchair freud , go back into your hole . 
  it was a joke . 
  i completely understand your viewpoint and i do agree with it on a factual level . 
  i also know that i 'd myself would turn more extreme if i was denied a vote of independence . 
  if i was on the edge leaning towards remain , being denied a vote would very easily make me into a leave vote . 
  it 's a bad situation either way . 
  if the scotts were allowed a vote now and voted to leave then the uk would be even deeper in politics and beurocracy . 
  postpone the vote now , during what i assume is seen as a very critical moment for the scottish , and people will be angry ( atthe very least the leavers ) . 
  the uk not allowing the scotts an independence vote just sounds , to me at least , like fanning the flames of nationalism . 
  people who did n't want to leave the uk will be upset and angry because they are denied a choice in the matter . 
  or am i insane ? 
  did you just invoke the name of the ss ? 
  i thought we had moved on from the holocaust ? 
  hohoho it 's like the time we walked across \u00d6resund all \u00f6ver again , rekt . 
  considering that pretty much everyone that took part in the atrocities of world war 2 , i think it 's safe to say that any revenge will have to be left for the afterlife . 
  arbeit macht frei , as the old german saying goes . 
  i welcome our new polish overlords . 
  no , that 's considered taboo . 
  ahh , yes , `` sweden is the rape capital of the world '' thing . 
  for others that do n't know , any single type of sexual coercion , abuse or violence , no matter how small , is counted as rape in sweden in these statistics . 
  ehhh ... 
  considering that the us was heavily moving for ukraine to get rid of their several thousand nukes ... 
  i 'm not saying the us should invade , i 'm saying more sanctions are in place . 
  ukraine was once a nuclear superpower , with the third largest nuclear arsenal in the world . 
  russia , the uk and the us is responsible for ukraine 's lack of nukes , if they had nukes there would n't be any `` rebels '' in crimea , just saying . 
  so , you made a low effort post with no evidence to back your claim up . 
  you ever met a finn ? 
  we should all be scared . 
  they always seem drunk , brooding in silence like a serial killer , and if you piss them off they 'll magically pull a knife out of seemingly nowhere and start swinging . 
  genuine question if you , or anyone , can answer . 
  can a diplomat or similar representative be declared a person non grata and still visit or stay in that country in a civilian capacity ? 
  or is being declared a ( an ? ), 
  person non grata more or less a complete block on entering and staying in the country ? 
  except this time most of the european continent would be united , oh and a lot of nuclear fear . 
  how exciting !, 
  no , 0.4 % better than 0 is still zero . 
  maybe nato kept outsiders out , even here we can debate a ton , but nato is n't doing anything whatsoever for keeping peace between european countries . 
  no , i did n't . 
  appears your reading comprehension is even worse than i thought . 
  so that 's why japan made finland up . 
  i finally understand the conspiracy behind the fake country finland . 
  what he 's saying is ... just read the fucking post , which you obviously did n't because a child would understand it . 
  i have n't heard about that one . 
  can i have a link please ? 
  their practices are outlined in many articles , a poster above me also linked it . 
  i 'm on mobile so ca n't go into detail . 
  i 'm not saying that google is unique or that others do n't deserve to be fined as well , but that does n't invalidate the criticism against google . 
  pretty much every big company international company a la google skirt laws and try to bend them as much as possible . 
  does that mean we should just ignore the unlawful actions of google just because we like them , and instead wait and prosecute all companies simultaneously ? 
  the argument that because others are doing the same somehow google is justified in also doing it is rhetoric i used when i was a kid , it did n't work then and in a serious discussion this kind of a rhetoric is silly and completely useless . 
  there are people who are n't being prosecuted currently that are killing people , should we let people currently jailed awaiting trial for murder go because others who have committed murder are free ? 
  of course not , everyone breaking the law should be prosecuted , but that ca n't be done instantly . 
  how does that make google 's practices any better ? 
  nicklas teslasson from sweden ? 
  what about him ? 
  because a diplomatic disaster would occur and no country would ever let britain forget that they violated the rights of an embassy on foreign soil , especially not when it 's just a matter of one man that 's clearly not a terrorist ( i do n't like him , but he wo n't bomb anyone ) . 
  embassies in foreign soil are still subject to the laws of the host country . 
  for example , ecuador 's embassy in britain is n't on ecuadorian soil , it 's still on british soil and have to follow british laws . 
  but , embassies have a lot of freedom afforded them in accordance with the vienna convention . 
  so , while an embassy has to follow local laws in theory , there are conventions signed that forces signatories to treat embassies in particular ways . 
  for example , the host country is n't allowed to enter ( think for government purposes ) an embassy unless given express permission . 
  this even applies if there is a fire or if there is a terror attack . 
  so , while there might not be any british law that prevented british police from entering the embassy , international conventions signed by britain prevented them from doing so . 
  britain could have forced their way inside , but they would be breaking the vienna convention and would have a gigantic diplomatic clusterfuck on their hands ( not sure what the vienna convention says about punishment for violations , so there might be repercussions there as well ) . 
  edit : the above poster is wrong about police storming the place . 
  that is strictly off limits and each time police have entered embassies without permission diplomatic problems have been apparent . 
  like i wrote not even firefighters are allowed to enter without permission even if the place is on fire . 
  if a local law is broken in an embassy it has to be taken through diplomatic channels . 
  if that fails the host country has the power to evict the country 's embassy from its soil . 
  i think your sorely overestimating the value the us sees in your country . 
  if you were attacked by russia the entire world will either defend or leave you for dead , no one will care if you bought american or swedish jets . 
  if you look at what happened in ukraine you 'll find that even written agreements are meaningless . 
  the sale of nuclear warheads meant squat for the ukraine . 
  you seriously think the us gives more of a fuck because you buy a few jets from them ? 
  if they would defend you in a conflict they would do so regardless of what birds you have in the sky . 
  besides , gripen are fully compatible with most all nato operations , so cooperation in case of defense is a non-issue . 
  edit : not you , saw wrong , meant bulgaria . 
  are you high ? 
  i 'm going to put this as simply as i can for you . 
  why is the f-16 platform better than the gripen ? 
   how come no one seems to agree , then ? 
  your post in no way at all answers that question . 
  when purchasing high level military hardware the bang per buck is absolutely the most important aspect , considering that these kind of deals can sometimes be more costly than entire budgets of smaller or poorer countries . 
  i 'm absolutely a nationalist , but my questions here are in no way nationalistic .
