  4k , 120fps , 3d ( so two images for both eyes ) , and 360 degrees . 
  and as i said , just because we do n't really need it now it does n't mean we would n't find a way to use and create new products based on these speeds . 
  ill repost what i said to another dude . 
  now it 's not needed , but later it will be . 
  there 's no services that use this amount of data because no one reaches these speeds , but when it becomes common , there will be uses for that . 
  i bet 10 years ago people thought it would be crazy to go for speeds we have now , but new speed provides new services ( like 1080p ) . 
  just recently 60fps streaming become more common , there are 4k videos , 3d videos will be more common and common , 360 videos . 
  all of these require way more data than simple 30fps 1080p video . 
  now it 's not , but later it will be needed . 
  there 's no services that use this amount of data because no one reaches these speeds , but when it becomes common , there will be uses for that . 
  i bet 10 years ago people thought it would be crazy to go for speeds we have now , but new speed provides new services ( like 1080p ) . 
  just recently 60fps streaming become more common , there are 4k videos , 3d videos will be more common and common , 360 videos . 
  all of these require way more data than simple 30fps 1080p video . 
  maxima belongs to lithuanians . 
  we bad at sharks . 
  we good at lasers https://ec.europa.eu/digital-agenda/en/news/lithuania-leading-light-laser-technology, 
  housing is cheaper than in most of europe but everything else is actually very similar or even more expensive . 
  the difference is that we have extremely low quality food that is made for people with these small wages . 
  stuff like this doesnt even exist elsewhere . 
  if you get minimum you are pretty much fucked , if you get a bit more you can get by . 
  previous generation have houses left from soviet unioin ( they used to give houses for free ) , so they are somewhat ok , but young family that needs to rent apartment has a hard time . 
  lithuania numbah one !, 
  we no scandinavian , we balts , best suicide !, 
  this creates precedent of taking over baltic countries . 
  because there are places in these countries that have a lot of russians . 
  and russians try to change history books and argue that lithuania is not a real country and should have never existed . 
  if west suddenly accepts crimea argument , there 's nothing stopping them to use the same argument in baltics . 
  if majority of stockholm suddenly has more muslims than swedes , does it mean that stockholm can separate from sweden ? 
   and no , i do n't think people from smaller countries generally `` wonder what it 's like elsewhere '' , since we , too , have daily news broadcasts  but we are forced to use foreign entertainment , we learn about foreign culture and if you have any niche hobby english becomes essential to find sizeable community . 
  you did n't deserved potato jokes anyway . 
  lithuanians eat just potatoes prepared in different ways , but somehow you get all the potato jokes . 
  i 'm jelly . 
  writing this made me want some potatoes . 
  damn , not a goat pls . 
  thanks for info !, 
  this entire topic is super complicated , and propaganda ( from both sides ) does n't make it any easier . 
   which to eastern europe or american standards is pretty lax i guess buuut its what we do and you should treat them like other human beeings agreed . 
  if it 's the same as for anyone else , then no one has right to complain . 
  i definitely remember something about officials trying to hide rape cases committed by syrians though , and reddit circlejerking about it . 
  now that i think about it , i understood it as them being not accountable for rape and just being protected , while i guess they were punished by local law , and they just did n't wanted to make these cases public because they knew it will be blown over proportion . 
  yes ? 
  yeah , i 'm perfectly aware that you ca n't really know stuff just by headlines . 
  i try to not have strong opinions about things i do n't really know about , and if i do , i try to specify that it 's an uneducated opinion ( i said that i know it just from a headline , so my lack of knowledge on this is already implied ) . 
  except i was under impression that syrians were not held accountable for their crime , and no one wanted to make it public . 
  it 's not really about who makes more crimes . 
  again , most likely this is wrong , but that 's the impression i got from headlines and reddit comments . 
  i see . 
  i guess i was expecting a different reason , this pretend to be righteous stuff does n't look good . 
  thanks . 
  but that 's not believing in human rights , it 's just pretending to be . 
  also ignoring rapists in asylum is n't believing in human rights either ( i base this on headlines i saw ) . 
  is n't there a real reason ? 
  or that 's literally it ? 
   because europe believes in human rights . 
  [ ... ] you either watch them drown and betray everything europe stands for , or you rescue them . 
  but turkey does n't . 
  seeking help and relying on a country , which according to this article ( + a bunch of other well know issues ) , does n't believe in the very same human rights you based most of your argument on , seems weird . 
  thanks for answering though , i 'm definitely not educated enough on this so i try to keep myself from having strong opinions , and my questions might seem stupid . 
  can someone explain me why it is hard to have strong borders ourselves ? 
  since we have no borders between each other , it saves all of us ton of money , it would make sense if eu would fund the strengthening of borders in countries that border with non eu countries . 
  why is it a problem ? 
  if we can hope that turkey can have strong enough borders , why ca n't we have it ourselves ? 
  or it 's not as simple as throwing money into it to fix an issue ? 
  i do n't know english words to describe that disgusting taste . 
  story time : one of my friends have relatives in poland . 
  they come to visit him and as a gift they give him coffee . 
  and it was so gross , we actually thought they are some super cheap people . 
  but then when i visited poland you actually drink coffee like that everywhere , they were n't cheap , our tastes are just different . 
  crazy . 
  is there grudge though ? 
  i know there 's some tension between poles living in lt and lithuanians . 
  mostly about using polish letters in passports and occasional screaming `` our vilnius '' , but besides that everything is great . 
  poland is nice , i like it . 
  except for your disgusting coffee . 
  the fact that it took 5 years is already stupid . 
  4.1 million though ? 
  looks like something from 10 years ago . 
  zero mobile support . 
  terrible search . 
  no way to actually see who voted for what . 
  most of the new things are actually something that already existed in other official websites or are done poorly and do n't really improve anything . 
  there 's how old one looks : http://www3.lrs.lt/pls/inter/w2008_home.home?p_kalb_id=1 edit : i think i found why it 's so expensive http://tour.lrs.lt/ . 
  next level . 
  edit2 : [ i was made aware that 4.1 million is not just for website ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3tqm9f/updated_lithuanian_government_website_costs_41/cx8egbi ) , that money was used for network hardware . 
  somehow article i read did n't bother to mention it . 
  is it weird that they need to buy so much even though network must have already existed since we actually have other pretty good and big government systems ? 
  yes . 
  is it weird that they create functionality ( like writing petitions ) that already existed in other projects and were previously funded by other public funds ? 
  yes . 
  is it weird that these old , already created projects are actually better than newly created ? 
  yes . 
  is it weird that new website looks and functions like something very very old ? 
  yes . 
  but at least they done more than i was aware of . 
  so that 's something . 
  daaamn . 
  that looks scary, 
  i say `` oh my god '' when i have hard time pushing out a turd out of my ass . 
  im not religious though . 
  edit : and i 'm downvoted .
