good to know . 
  thanks . 
  no , there you get toilet paper . 
  theres no laws that dont let you sell used toilet paper , its just hard to find people who buy it . 
  not really , steam sells licence for you to play , you buy experience of playing , you do n't own actual game . 
  same as buying ticket to cinema , you can sell it to others ( same as you can sell steam keys ) but if you use it , thats it , you got your experience of seeing a movie and you ca n't sell it . 
  like seeding/uploading in general ( basically laws against p2p ) or specifically copyrighted content ? 
  if just copyrighted content , how they moderate it ? 
  ip holder needs to issue a claim about someone torrenting his content or they ( institution that takes care of this ) can issue investigation themselves ? 
  i always thought it was later on . 
  til . 
  research that concluded that 88 % of people support putin was made by putin ? 
  yeah , sounds like good old russki liberation . 
  su heritage : curse words , stealing/corruption mentality , vodka and blocky architecture . 
  same in romania ? 
  nah , hotel and beach was nice . 
  that 's what we came for . 
  yeah , we drove through friday evening so city was full of people , and people looked very modern , lots of hipsters . 
  also city itself was cool , beautiful churches . 
  a lot of soviet union blocks , but as someone who lives in ex-su country we have them too so it was n't bad . 
  last summer i went to bulgaria through romania , and i just loved romania . 
  food was absolutely amazing , i loved it . 
  we went through bucharest - beautiful city . 
  then we drove through mountains , again - just beautiful . 
  definitely visiting it again as soon as i can , and not just pass through but at least a week to explore this country . 
  it 's soviet union heritage . 
  we do n't really have any good curse words in our own language . 
  lithuanians use both , kurva chuj nachuj blyat cyka . 
  yeah , im aware of other animals that do it . 
  im sure theres more examples , like a cat playing with a rat till it dies instead of eating . 
  it could be argued that it 's training it 's hunting skills though . 
  the fact is that there is a difference between killing for pleasure and killing because you need to . 
  same article that you linked , it calls dolphins aholes for the very same reason . 
  it 's obviously looked as negative thing among majority of humans . 
  hunting for survival and eating other living beings is all around nature , it 's natural part of life . 
  hunting because you can , to feel pleasure by killing for the sake of killing is sick . 
  if he did it legally it wouldnt have been even reported there . 
  and as i said , you can be against hunting while eating cow and chicken . 
  that 's normal . 
  there 's a difference between animals that are born to be eaten by us and animals that live in wilderness but humans decide to kill them as a sport , for pleasure . 
  ok , i will try . 
  first of all you do n't need to be vegetarian to be against hunting . 
  no one is talking about hunting as means of survival , which is natural thing . 
  people usually against killing for the sake of killing , that 's the hunting form people do n't like , and you do n't need to be vegetarian to be in this position . 
  shit this `` hunter '' did was illegal . 
  he was not allowed to kill that lion , he could have paid and legally hunt other lions but this sick bastard wanted specifically this because it 's famous and loved by many people . 
  why you defending him for doing something illegal ? 
  or maybe i can now go to random people yard and kill their pets saying i 'm hunting , and all stupid vegetarians trying to suppress my freedom ? 
  that shit is illegal for a reason . 
  not sure if you stupid or trolling : /, 
  but lithuanians fully aware of this solution already , we are topping the charts . 
  smart nation . 
  yeah , perhaps . 
  but it 's complicated . 
  it 's weird situation now with no easy solution . 
  reddit kind of circlejerking now with all the hate against refugees . 
  it is a good thing . 
  we can tell eu that we will take all of them because we know that they wo n't come to us , but by saying that we get respect points from germany . 
  countries agreed to it in very beginning though , a lot of shit happened after that . 
  multiple big terrorist attacks , all the rape stuff , and `` refugees '' simply refusing to come to a country because it 's not germany or sweden . 
  of course after that people will change their mind , and if majority does there should be something done about it . 
  there are laws defining minimum wage . 
  just because there 's sudden influx of new people it does n't mean that they lower the salary for entire country , you ca n't offer your job for less than a minimum . 
  you ca n't go against circlejerk . 
  lol , no . 
  we are good at drinking alcohol , having a lot of car accidents and having some of the lowest wages . 
  also basketball . 
  you should . 
  so china is aware of lithuania while they do n't even acknowledge latvia and estonia ? 
  i 'll take it . 
  lithuania and south korea , best suicide countries !, 
  by that logic every tax is paid by consumers . 
  because money comes to company from consumers , and company pays all taxes from money they earned from consumers . 
  you give money to uber , uber redistributes part of that money as vat . 
  when the government gets that money , they will see it as paid by uber , they wont see every name of consumer that paid it . 
  i 'm usually all for uber , but it 's not second coming of jesus . 
  they are not some good guys that come to free us from monopoly , they are mega corporation which wants to become the next monopoly . 
  yeah , that does n't mean that it 's okay to break it . 
  you try to change the law , and not ignore it . 
   i just ask that you do not use any uber services as a form of protest , these people are complete scum and deserve to be penalized for their actions . 
  wait , i thought taxi drivers are slashing tires and throwing rocks , not uber drivers ? 
  and if uk leaves eu , there 's still schengen . 
  nothing changes . 
  but if uk leaves eu , it doesnt change , theres still schengen . 
  unless they expect that them leaving eu will destroy schengen when they never were a part of it anyway . 
  can someone explain me how schengen fucks uk ? 
  and how leaving eu would change it ? 
  is n't uk not a part of a schengen anyway ? 
  the only reason i heard was that because theres no border control in schengen , it 's easier for others to go through schengen into uk . 
  but uk not being in eu does n't change that , because there 's still schengen and people still can easily go through spain france into uk . 
  absolutely nothing changes . 
  french one gives impression of just nice fucking , but i bet it was just horrible mass rape . 
  i actually did n't knew that . 
  seems like both , teo and omnitel were created by lithuanians for lithuanian market , later on bought by swedes and made into international brand . 
  i wonder why . 
  i 'm sure swedes had means to do everything on their own , you could argue it 's for market share to kickstart everything , but they were going to new markets anyway since teo and omnitel were just exclusive to lithuania . 
  wtf you talking about . 
  my entire argument is that it will be common later on , not now . 
  you are like these idiots arguing that 60fps is useless few years ago , but as time goes it becomes the standard of industry . 
  if you think that virtual reality wo n't become mainstream ( which is 3d and 360 degrees ) you are delusional .
