  haha , that irony :d your whole argument is that man from middle east saying `` god is great '' automatically makes him religious fanatic , while in the west many people use `` oh my god '' , `` jesus christ '' , `` god ! '', 
  and other phrases without any religious intention . 
  we are not murica , we dont shoot people . 
  we just beat them , sometimes to death . 
  or shooting is an accident, 
  dont say never . 
  christianity was fucked up very recently too . 
  or eastern or central or northern, 
  also they are in eurovision and euroleague , that 's euro enough for me . 
  nah , that 's just different cultures . 
  i 'm lithuanian and foreigners often say that we are unfriendly people , but in fact we just do n't talk to random people , we do n't smile for no reason , we do n't want to bother other people . 
  but if we know you , we are very warm and welcoming people . 
  that 's why i hated being in uk , because people start random conversations that often have no real meaning , because i see some dude for the first time and he says hi to me , that 's weird . 
  i do n't know you , do n't act like you know me . 
  do n't ask how i 'm doing if you actually give zero fucks about it . 
  these forced social interactions are weird . 
  so i can see how someone from uk can think that other cultures are unfriendly , when in fact we just do n't give a fuck , you do you , i do me , we do n't talk with each other for no reason . 
  he must be immigrant , and not a real bit . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_the_united_kingdom#demography_and_ethnic_background no , they would n't have as easy time traveling through all europe , but that 's not for you to let or not let other countries to have highly controlled borders between each other . 
  what i 'm saying is that you being or not being in european union has literally zero influence on this matter . 
  no matter if you are in eu or not , illegal immigrants will have equally easy time to travel from spain to france . 
  so that 's just stupid reason to separate yourself from eu . 
  unless you want entire schengen gone when you leave eu , but that 's not happening . 
   you do n't consider 3 million to be a lot of muslims ? 
  no , not really . 
  plus from that 3 million there are a lot of white muslims , or mixed where one of the parents is brit and another is muslim , plus i assume that all kids of muslim families go into statistics as muslims even though they not necessarily are ( same how almost all lithuanians go into statistics as christians even though their belief is minimal or nonexistent ) . 
   we are required by eu law to take in eu citizens only . 
  the schengen area allows migrants to get into europe through any of the border countries and then continue on within the entire zone unhindered . 
  if you get into europe through greece or slovakia then you can go on all the way to calais without being checked . 
  or you could before a lot of countries started bringing in checks and restrictions . 
  this does n't make any sense , eu has nothing to do with it . 
  now you are in eu , illegal immigrants go to south eu country , then without border checks easily go to france , and illegally gets into uk . 
  you leave eu , illegal immigrants go to south eu country , then without border checks easily go to france , and illegally gets into uk . 
  literally nothing changes . 
  only thing that changes is that you become not required to accept all eu citizens , but as you said no one has problems with them . 
  but you do n't even have that many muslims , in 2011 there was 7.5 million of immigrants in uk , and 2.4 million of non-white muslims . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but you are required to take in just immigrants from eu ( which you do n't have problem with , as you said ) , other immigrants are illegal , and it 's your own responsibility to enforce rules on them and deport them , no ? 
  eu has nothing to do with it . 
  i might be very wrong , if i am , please explain me how it actually is . 
  but uk did n't even take that many refugees , absolute majority is in germany , then countries like sweden , france , italy , hungary took 2-3 times more of refugees than uk did . 
  yet you cry the most . 
  i think it 's very similar in a lot of countries , we just become forced to learn english because all information is in english , video games , new movies and tv shows , anime . 
  as a person who does n't drink alcohol in a country that drinks the most alcohol in the entire world , i 'm considered dangerous weirdo . 
  also right now it 's kinda cold so you ca n't really have booths outside , and in summer i would guess arena is more expensive because there are more events that want that time . 
  playing with joysticks , yup . 
  noticed just now , infoshow and gameon are actually in the same year . 
  infoshow was in beginning of year , and gameon is very recent . 
  yeah , its similar in lithuania , young people go to club while dressed up , but kids dont go for candy . 
  you need a lot of people to be into it for it to work . 
  its kinda shitty if kids go out and no one gives them candy . 
  wait what , you have halloween in germany ? 
  i thought it 's american thing . 
  sad but true :(, 
  romanian romeo : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ozv0i/romance_romanian_style/ saw this pic on facebook shared among lithuanians . 
  immediately thought about that romanian romance thread . 
  thought would be funny to share . 
  no idea if picture was actually taken in lithuania though , or if it 's even real . 
  but looks possible . 
  when you have commercials ? 
  its like this only on paid channels, 
  if complex rules add something to the game , like more room for strategy , then it 's worth it . 
  i think that 's the reason why esport got big , even between people that do n't really play themselves . 
  it often has shit ton of rules and possibilities that opens the door for some advanced strategy , and people like that . 
  or basketball . 
  short advertisements every time coach asks for minute break and longer at halftime . 
  at least that 's how it is in lithuania . 
  ok , this might be weird , but if we are against having sex with a 14-year-old , and we say that even if she wants it you ca n't have sex with her because her brain is n't developed enough and she does n't know what she wants . 
  why women have menstruation so early ? 
  if they have it , it means they can give kids , how come brain is n't developed but entire body is ready for kids . 
  is n't this restriction of age is just made up by europeans , and is actually against biology of us ? 
  i guess girls become able to get pregnant early because human lifespan was way shorter so we needed babies earlier , and when we started to live longer we created these restrictions , but it 's still weird . 
  what immigrants dont contribute ? 
  i 've read article about it today , and it said that just banks can do it . 
  i might have misunderstood . 
  i 'll look for link when on pc . 
  also it talked how some other shady stuff is going on , that national lithuanian bank does n't like what seb and swedb is doing . 
  nah , it 's our own fault . 
  we have stupid laws so they are abused , but politicians talk about changing stuff . 
  basically on crisis they had huge losses , so now they can profit without paying any profit taxes until that loss is covered from years ago . 
  it will take about 5 years till they will start paying full taxes again . 
  and people are especially angry that just banks get that treatment , other business , if experience loss that year , they do n't pay profit tax just that year , not until they cover all losses . 
  also i like swedbank , atm 's everywhere , best online banking experience , and i like it 's color . 
  what about two scandinavian banks in lithuania , swedbank and seb , that had profit of about 280 millions of euros , paid 900 $ profit tax . 
  while another , way smaller bank paid 3 $ millions . 
   and talking about globalization as some kind of perfect ideology that no one should avoid is just absurd why ? 
  i always thought complete globalization would solve all issues . 
  if it 's possible . 
  if you look at human history , we were merging all the time , from groups to tribes , to villages , to countries , to unions , etc. 
  all business now is very global . 
  everything is global . 
  interesting video , where famous physician , michio kaku talks about it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7npc47qmjvg, 
  genius !, 
  i would be fine with uk leaving if it they had normal reasons . 
  now there 's just a bunch of lies and fear mongering from leave side . 
  and that 's sad . 
  i prefix that i 'm not against refugees . 
  i was pro-refugees in beginning , now it 's too complicated and i choose to not have an opinion . 
  i think you ca n't really compare these two situations . 
  when you expected eastern europeans , you got them . 
  when we expected refugees , we got a bunch of people that are n't refugees but are using it to get in .
