to quote / u/mazur49 in the worldnews thread :  the monument was removed by the same company ( zefs ) who sponsored it first hand and they wrote letter to inform about this intention before cooks 's coming out . 
  reason for removal is clearly stated in aforementioned letter - for repair . 
  there was problem with touchscreen and it needed to be fixed . 
  after repair it will be placed back on the same spot . 
   https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2ftass.ru%2fobschestvo%2f1549568&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url  when you think that it could n't get worse rferl standards of reporting sink to new low . 
  its fun if it ai n't 1-sided, 
  russia stands an independent catolonia . 
  it 's legal - just not recognized, 
  gay marriage is allowed in russia ... 
  no pictures , ` eyewitness reports ' , and kyivpost . 
  lol, 
  i would hope so . 
  would be pathetic if not . 
  propeller-driven aircraft that can wipe out a small country . 
  crimea is , has been , and always will be part of russia . 
  it shall never again be surrendered and betrayed . 
  that 's because we like you norwegians . 
  one of the only countries that we liberated that was n't invading us . 
  you and yugoslavia . 
  you mean the submarine hunts where you swedes never found a single sub ? 
  the tsardom of russia never fell apart ... it was transformed into the russian empire in 1721 . 
  russia stands with you . 
  if need be , our people have not forgotten our failure in 1936 to save you from the fascists . 
  we are ready to atone for the failures of our grandfathers . 
  this article celebrates actual nazis . 
  what the fuck , europe . 
  awesome . 
  china is perhaps the only powerful country that has n't tried to fuck us in recent history . 
  lol . 
  and people said i was a ` putinbot ' when i said that he was lying . 
  that 's not part of ukraine though, 
  as a state , georgia can not declare war . 
  only the federal government can through congress . 
  nato is a defensive alliance . 
  if georgia should declare war on russia then join nato , its gon na get fucked while nato eats popcorn and writes statements of concern . 
  the material still degrades over time, 
  well sustainable flight is kinda an impossibility . 
  everything has to come down once in a while . 
   eurozone  economically sustainable pick one, 
  hey , fighting against and defending are different things . 
  napoleonic wars , crimea war , ww1 , ww2 . 
  before that the various mongol and tartar expansions into europe . 
  we may have never fought directly , but our people have . 
  yes , i did mean ethnic . 
  thank you !, 
  and there is a lot of value in your heritage and the history of your family . 
  i personally take pride in the deeds of my ancestors , who fought for hundreds of years primary against the europeans . 
  calling me a european is kind of a sign of disrespect . 
  ethnic kazakh here . 
  i sure as hell do not want to be considered european . 
  i consider myself to be asian ; eurasian at best . 
  first i 'm hearing about that, 
  so basically taxes ? 
  are you actually being serious or just joking ? 
  because i know that many of us here will support military aid to catalonia should it come to that, 
  quality control , basically . 
  not having a controlling majority owned by the state/people connected to the state . 
  basically means that they do n't really have any responsibility in reporting except to make money for the company or person that does own it . 
  why am i not surprised that its ren tv ? 
  goddamn independent channels, 
  i support the independence of catalonia , but my only question is what will you do if madrid decides to send in the tanks ? 
  aka use military force to stop the referendum from happening . 
  nuclear-tipped defense is basically you explode a nuke in the air in the hopes that the blast will destroy the nuke coming at you . 
  to date it is the only effective countermeasure against icbms , and it is only known to be operational in washington dc , moscow , beijing , vladivostok , and another city i forgot the name of . 
  after getting independence , it became a radical islamist state that had the majority of its gdp from its kidnapping industry . 
  oh , they also invaded the neighboring republic of dagestan , triggering the 2nd chechen war . 
  well , not every separatist movement is the same . 
  there are those such as in catalonia , novorossiya , scotland ect . 
  then there are those like in texas or syria . 
  you have to look at it with on case-by-case basis, 
  no i do n't . 
  why do you ask ? 
  support to catalonia from russia !, 
  no but ` sovietskiy so ` datskiy ' means soviet soldiers, 
  support from russia !, 
  support from russia !, 
  no change at all , to be honest . 
  i dunno , everyone kinda supports each other here . 
  a bear, 
  actually , sami in russia have a ` protected minority ' status, 
  90,000 out of a population of 320,000 = 28.125 % 90,000 out of reykjavik ( regional ) population of 200,000 = 45 % on a side note , i ca n't imagine it is easy to live in iceland . 
  because a trade war with one of your biggest trading partners is a good idea when you 're staring recession in the face . 
  because it is literally the best thing to put on sandwiches, 
  shelves at the background are full, 
  racism is ok if they disagree with you, 
  hey , we have a weak economy just barely out of recession that 's looking into the face of deflation , right ? 
  let 's start a trade war with one of our biggest partners !, 
  - eurocrats, 
  a hell of a lot more friendly then you europeans . 
  they might not be the best ally but they are they best one we have, 
  better to serve the chinese then the eurocrats . 
   ( fuck it , bring on the downvotes ) i agree with you , but ok, 
  wtf . 
  i 've lived over half my life in the us . 
  my ` freedoms ' are literally the same there as they are here, 
  oh i thought the video was taken after they were stopped from trespassing . 
  although are those police in the video ? 
  they have different uniforms then the ones in my city ( samara ) , so they might have been private security . 
  if they want to join , they can go ahead . 
  thing is , they do n't .
