  also , k\u00f6ningsberg was renamed to kaliningrad following ww2, 
  i do n't see anything wrong . 
  self-determination is worth a lot more then petty political borders . 
  i dont get it, 
  more like shameless eu propaganda poster, 
  honestly , i do n't see what 's bad about that . 
  hungary was never a ssr, 
  so they are basically doing maintenance work ? 
  the official government stance is that we ca n't determine the cause until the investigation is over . 
  most of us are waiting to see what the result is . 
  there are always a few crazies , like those 9-11 truthers in america, 
  horrible , but at least it was against a military target, 
  i 'm a russian who was born in america who has a brother who is married to an albanian . 
  i can get an eu passport if i wanted , but i 'm both a russian and a us citizen . 
  eu is pretty shitty compared to the usa, 
  got examples ? 
  what 's with this hate-propaganda against ukip ? 
  update : osce has access to the bodies https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ey03cqgm5e, 
  no one watches it here . 
  it 's made for foreign audiences ... 
  whoa really ? 
  i 've read 5 % in first quarter, 
  thing is , as a russian , i 'm comfortable on living on $ 20 dollars a week for a family of 5 . 
  i did it in the 90 's . 
  i highly doubt most westerners will be willing to do that for ukraine . 
  if you sanction us , it wo n't make us rise up and hate our government . 
  on the country , we will hate you , for it would n't be our government sanctioning us and making us poor , it would be you . 
  idea is to make it too expensive for the enemy to escalate any further , thus forcing them to de-escalate, 
  are you kidding me ? 
  first of all , the russian military has the policy of nuclear de-escalation . 
  basically , in the event that our ground forces are in danger of being overwhelmed , there will be limited tactical nuclear strikes to even the odds . 
  in that case , the enemy has 2 choices : 1 : escalate and suffer more nuclear strikes with the possibility of nuclear war or 2 : de-escalate and call it quits to stop nuclear strikes secondly , the federation maintains a three pronged nuclear doctrine of land , sea , and air delivered missiles and bombs . 
  that means not only silos in siberia firing nukes , but also undetectable submarines , and supersonic bombers . 
  also , there is currently no system in the entire world that can stop a modern icbm . 
  they simply go too fast . 
  that 's one of the reasons mad is still in effect - missile defenses do n't work against current generation icbms . 
  the only system that can stop an icbm currently is the airbrust of another icbm , then hoping that the explosion of the ` defender ' missile can destroy the ` offender ' missile, 
  russian military has the policy of nuclear de-escalation . 
  basically , in the event that our ground forces are in danger of being overwhelmed , there will be limited tactical nuclear strikes to even the odds . 
  in that case , the enemy has 2 choices : 1 : escalate and suffer more nuclear strikes with the possibility of nuclear war or 2 : de-escalate and call it quits to stop nuclear strikes, 
  whatever helps you sleep at night . 
  but i highly suggest you do n't listen to dugin , he is like our john mccain except without political power . 
  you know i 'm russian , right ? 
  we are people just like you . 
  plus , why the hell would we ever invade finland ? 
  nothing there except for saunas and a hostile and well armed population, 
   we are outraged . 
  this is going to be a fucking nightmare for putin and russia . 
  and for the european leaders , like ukip and le pen : fuck you with your putin licking . 
  and this goes to others too . 
  fuck russian gas and oil , fuck it , fuck it fuck it !, 
  no offense but it looks like you 're throwing a temper tantrum . 
  big outrage , but nothing changes on the ground is the most likely end . 
  another is that nato sends in ` peacekeepers ' into ukraine by invitation of the government , where they either wipe the rebellion out or get pushed back . 
  if they get pushed back there is no telling what will happen . 
  if we ca n't veto using diplomatic power then we will veto using military power, 
  of course . 
  for all the good the ussr did , we must never forgot the bad . 
  it 's possible it could have been avoided , more then likely tbh , but that is past . 
  what 's done is done . 
  there was n't development like china due to economic reforms coming in too late , in the 80 's , and the economic reforms that came were rather crappy more or less . 
  it looked good on paper but did n't do anything substantial . 
  that , combined with the political reforms , which were too much , too fast , and too late . 
  honestly , if we had someone even a little more competent with reforms then gorbachev ( who i personally view as being no better then a traitor ) , the ussr could have survived and been happy , economically viable , progressive , politically free, 
  sure , in a few hours tho , i 'm on my phone . 
  i 'll update this post and send you a pm when i 'm done . 
  edit : ok , so first off to get things clear , i myself am not an ethnic russian . 
  i 'm an ethnic kazakh . 
  the ussr was brought into existence in 1923 , but was n't complete in the sense of all the ssr 's being included that were there post ww2 . 
  notable , the baltic states and moldavia . 
  these were conquered in the years between the start of ww2 in 1939 , and the start of the great patriotic war ( eastern front ) in 1941 . 
  while every single ones of the 15 republics were brought in via blood and struggle , only these 4 were n't brought in following the russian civil war . 
  the civil war was a unified struggle of all the people and served to bring the people fighting in it together , effectively forging the soviet identity . 
  however , the baltic states + moldavia were brought in in very one sided conquest , with the vast majority of the population rejecting the soviet identity , despite the many ways they were heavily invested in to reinforce that ( outside of ukraine , they were the most invested in republics , with vast wealth being pulled from the central asian and russian republics to increase their standard of living above that of the rest of the ussr ) . 
  anyway , following ww2 and the initial rebuilding , life in the ussr was good in the 50 's and 60 's , in some estimates better then in the us , but personally i 'm not really sure about that . 
  point being , despite the ravages of the nazi hordes and some remaining bandits ( the nkvd fought ukrainian fascists , as in those who helped the nazis in their invasion , well into the early 60 's ) , people were happy . 
  life was improving , everything was provided for as long as you conformed to the system . 
  in the 70 's the ussr entered a stagnate period , because the reality that the soviet economic system could n't sustain itself . 
  still , people liked it in the ussr , as it was strong , you had almost everything you could ask minus political freedom , and despite the stagnation there was a certain future . 
  in the 80 's the ussr started to show cracks , because of the horrible system it was under and the ill-fated efforts of gorbachev to reform it . 
  the economy stopped stagnating and started deteriorating . 
  shortages of basic things like toilet paper appeared . 
  people , especially the baltic states + moldavia , started wondering if they could be better off without the ussr . 
  the rest is history . 
  long story short , as long as the economy was good and the system worked people were happy weather of not they considered themselves soviets . 
  when was n't , they wanted out . 
  despite all that , there was actually a large part of the soviet population who identified not as russian or kazakh or turkmen or ukrainian , but as soviet , many peoples united as one by the fires of conflict . 
  this identity still survives onto this day . 
  honestly , i myself am kind of conflicted . 
  the soviet union gave my family everything . 
  we were farmers , little better then serfs , under the tsar 's . 
  my grandfather was a soldier in the ussr , and fought in the winter war and ww2 . 
  my father was a government worker in the ministry of transportation and later towards the 80 's a businessman . 
  the ussr paid , treated , fed , educated , and helped everyone in my family . 
  modern kazakhstan does jack shit . 
  of all the ex-soviet states , the federation is the only one that actually looks after it 's citizens , so i identity as a russian . 
  but if it did n't , i 've no doubt i would identify myself as a soviet . 
  that is really off the mark : - /, 
  hopefully it works out for the best . 
  what 're your thoughts on how it 'll end up ?
