  that fell in 1917 , and then the ussr fell in 1991 . 
  russia is as much an empire as modern germany or france . 
  plus , the people and the country are one and the same . 
  serbs have n't disappeared , but yugoslavians have . 
  yugoslavia was not a serbian empire , it was a union of all the separate ethnic groups there . 
  the russian federation is not just to service ethnic russians , but also serves all russians , all members of the federation . 
  should the federation fall , so will that bond between the russian peoples, 
  that 's simply not true . 
  the current sense of national unity has never been higher in our short 23 year history . 
  plus , if we do fall apart , the entire world will be screwed . 
  look man , if you 're so rabidly anti-russian , nothing i can type here can change your mind . 
  but please understand that the current conflict consists of ukrainians killing ukrainians on ukrainian soil . 
  whichever way this ends , ukrainians lose . 
  i know you 're being nice about it , but people like you , who wish the utter ruination of my country and government and society , quite frankly scare me and are the reason a lot of russians have a distrust towards europeans . 
  no one i know really minds . 
  it 's not that big of a deal tbh, 
  maybe less , maybe more , but either way its bad for those living there, 
  horrible , my heart goes out to the fallen . 
  may they be forever remembered, 
  well shit man , i tend to lurk unless there is something that i feel passionate about . 
  my country is one of those things . 
  i do n't hate the west and i have never said i have . 
  i just have a disagreement with the policies of western leadership in regards to russia . 
  i work for a russian company that does a lot of exporting to the united states , so i have to visit america a lot because of that . 
  about crimea , i know my opinion on it is controversial on this subreddit , but it was , will be , and is an integral part of russia and our history and culture . 
  this opinion is shared by almost everyone in my country . 
  you know , america and russia are not much different . 
  we are both nationalistic , white ( although this is changing in both our countries as our ethnicities mix together ) and look after our own interests without regard to the thoughts of others . 
  we both desire and do the same things , just for different reasons . 
  unfortunately those different reasons cause pain and suffering where they collide , but that is not the fault of any one people . 
  i translate articles not in english or russian ... 
  it 's not hard and i do n't see why others should n't do the same, 
  i 'm actually a russian , tho i 've lived in the us for awhile in the past and went to college there and still got here frequently for work . 
  a lot of the stuff you linked to was n't even pro-russia , it was more anti-war and anti-conflict . 
  and that is something which most humans , regardless of nationality , have in common . 
  i can tell you i fully support putin and the rest of the russian government in the current conflict , even more then i did when it started as russia has shown itself to be level headed, 
  google translate is a thing, 
  honestly i bet most if not all those people you say are shills are actually just russians or pro-russians . 
  i 've been accused of shilling myself , and tbh , if i could , i would . 
  just because someone says something against your point of view does n't mean they are being paid to do it edit : just saw that you linked to one of my comments . 
  wow man . 
  while the russian federation is the successor state to the ussr , the ussr was n't the successor state to the russian empire , thus that treaty does n't apply, 
  no they have n't . 
  the ottoman empire and the russian empire have been at war , but not the republic of turkey and the russian federation . 
  the times have moved on my friend , we have to stop letting the past cloud our judgement of the future . 
  everyday life is pretty much the same , maybe even a bit better , so we 're not feeling it ( yet ), 
  the trait of looking out solely for the interest of its country, 
  anti tank guns , not indiscriminate shelling of cities, 
  show me a child who can do that and you 'll be showing me a genius, 
  and now they are indiscriminately shelling and bombing their eastern countryside, 
  if you say so . 
  i personally believe we all would be better off if every government was like the kremlin 's, 
  well i personally do n't see anything wrong with sudetenland and austria , so that 's just me . 
  i also know that this view is in the minority . 
  as for the russian government , i can only say that the government can not exist without the country and the country can not exist without the government . 
  dude you 're putting the cart before the horse . 
  they are bitter about current events because they hate their country , not the other way around . 
  kind of childish but to each man his own, 
  1 , since i consider myself to be one, 
  ... dude seriously i just changed my political ideology ; my former ones were n't sicknesses, 
  oh i do n't doubt that was the case 15 years ago in 1999 but things have calmed down now . 
  we are now one people, 
  no , those people legit hate the country and wish to see it fall apart . 
  i got nothing against those who do n't like putin as i was one of them a few years ago . 
  i 'm talking about russians in russia . 
  very small amount tho . 
  mostly ( from my experience in day to day life ) the social outcasts who use hating their country as an identity . 
  also this is just my personal opinion but almost every russia hating russian is really pretentious and often acts aristocratical as if he/she is better then everyone else . 
  i personally hate them even if they have good points every once in a while . 
  medvedev was a puppet , but i agree . 
  putin is a great man , but the problem is we always need a great man to hold our country together and have it thrive . 
  a good leader can just hold it together , but a poor one can cause it to split and fracture ( 1917 , 1991 ) . 
  i fear for the future of my country since putin said he is stepping down in 2018, 
  late january 1945-april 9 , 1945, 
  kind of like he said that the ato will be over ` in hours ' when he got elected . 
  pay walled for me, 
  postpone *, 
  i 'm a russian and have n't heard of this guy before this post . 
  i just looked him up and he is pretty much a nobody - an idiot with a big mouth but competent at his actual job, 
  sure as hell feels the opposite . 
  niiiiiiiiice, 
  that 's actually a great unique ability considering they 're on an island . 
  you guys know that the ural military zone is as far from ukraine as south sudan , right ? 
  i actually had two cousins of mine do their service in russia . 
  the older one who did it in ' 03 - '04 said it was horrible , physical and psychological torture , but it left him a better and more capable man . 
  lots of bullying though , and corruption . 
  it was viewed by everyone as a very boring , painful task . 
  the younger cousin did it in ' 12 - '13 enjoyed it . 
  he said that bullying was pretty much negligible , and it is n't sanctioned as before . 
  he also said that he did n't see any corruption except for the usual ( example : people trading caps and stuff for cigarettes and saying they lost the cap ) , and even that was almost nonexistent . 
  the main difference between his service and that of my other cousin is that everyone was actually excited to be in the military . 
  they no longer break you down , but build you up . 
  overall he said it was a positive experience and he would do it again . 
  i actually had two cousins of mine do their service in russia . 
  the older one who did it in ' 03 - '04 said it was horrible , physical and psychological torture , but it left him a better and more capable man . 
  lots of bullying though , and corruption . 
  it was viewed by everyone as a very boring , painful task . 
  the younger cousin did it in ' 12 - '13 enjoyed it . 
  he said that bullying was pretty much negligible , and it is n't sanctioned as before . 
  he also said that he did n't see any corruption except for the usual ( example : people trading caps and stuff for cigarettes and saying they lost the cap ) , and even that was almost nonexistent .
