the word ` reported ' is important here as it does not mean that the number of these crimes has either gone up or down . 
  seeing that reported rapes have gone up could mean that more survivors are willing to come forward . 
  i never said it was . 
  but a woman is afraid to speak her own language when going out . 
  the people that have caused her to feel this way are xenophobes . 
  immigration dominated the discussion leading those that are xenophobic to feel that half the country is with them . 
  it has empowered them , and the large spike in hate crimes is no coincidence . 
  and then blamed his loss on immigrants . 
  if that 's what muslims believe , they are essentially saying that the islamic faith is true . 
  i do n't think they get that . 
  thanks . 
  i was hoping there 'd be an answer in the comments . 
  again , it 's easy to say that when you 've never been discriminated . 
  you can not know what it 's like . 
  it 's not as simple as going somewhere else and certainly is n't a minor inconvenience . 
  do you think jim crow or apartheid were `` minor inconveniences ? '', 
  i know it 's a stretch to compare this to those two , but these laws are in place to prevent exactly these situations from happening . 
  it 's easy to say that until you 're at the receiving end of many businesses refusing to serve you because of your race/religion/sex / sexuality etc. 
  how is that genaralisation any different from people who genaralise all muslims ? 
  and the vast majority of illegal immigrants do n't just waltz across the border . 
  the wall wo n't put a dent in preventing it . 
  a little of column a , a little of column b. 
  my guess is all the brigading from / pol as well as the openly racist subs that i do n't care to mention . 
  it definitely seems a tad redpill . 
  if they could be imprisoned or even executed in their home country i think it would be evil not to give them asylum . 
  they 've stopped selling them in britain because they have n't been selling too well . 
  we 'll still get jeep though . 
  what is the difference ? 
  either way its people fleeing for their lives . 
  i should 've said his country 's policy instead then . 
  if austria had applied his policy on refugees , he might not have been born . 
  edit : i meant to say his country 's policy . 
  i did n't realise that it was not his policy . 
  i 'm not saying she made the wrong decision . 
  i 'm just rationalising the point made by the mp . 
  i have no real idea where to stand on the issue but i disagree with him . 
  i am a supporter of euthanasia but i 'll concede that i do n't know what i feel about this issue . 
  `` punish '' is completely the wrong word here but i can sort of see the point he 's making . 
  the worst thing you can say to a survivor of such crimes , in my opinion , is that you 'd rather die than go through it . 
  that implies that they can never recover and that there life is over . 
  that said , this is clearly an exceptional case . 
  it 's a horrible situation and there really is no right answer but since i have n't been through anything remotely like that , who am i to judge ? 
  exactly . 
  it 's not just more people being born or coming here . 
  it 's also far fewer people dying . 
   there are hundreds of songs about ww2 and the germans . 
  but anti-immigrant propaganda is fine ? 
  i certainly would n't object to that . 
  absolutely . 
  imagine if it had been the other way around . 
  imagine how the mail would report on afghani soldiers celebrating the release of one of their 's who had killed an unarmed and injured british soldier . 
  especially as he knowingly broke the geneva convention . 
  he said this :  obviously this does n't go anywhere , fellas . 
  i just broke the geneva convention . 
  many on reddit are very fond of pew . 
  is there an icelandic equivalent ? 
  i 've begun to learn the language and i was wondering . 
  no one expects the spanish transition to a more democratic and free nation . 
  it 's about to crumble . 
  but it serves no purpose other than to be provocative . 
  it does nothing but drive people apart . 
  i think he 'll be thrilled . 
  if a yes vote wins , it wo n't have been when he was in power . 
  may , not cameron , would be the pm that was in power when the union split . 
  after quebec and boston , there should be strict moderation on the comments section for stories like this . 
  especially since if we followed eu rules , we could have reduced immigration by 82 % so it was all a lie . 
  pain au chocolat but when i order one i ask for a chocolate croissant . 
  what about the women and children themselves ? 
  it 's like people forget about diplomacy . 
  every nation deals with countries with shoddy human rights records and women 's rights records . 
  every country like sweden , the uk , the us , etc , overlooks atrocities to pursue economic or political unions . 
  it 's not ideal , in fact it 's horrible , but that 's the way the world unfortunately works . 
  do you have a source to back up your claim or a response to the one i provided ? 
  and was involved with the [ armenian genocide . 
  ] ( http://www.armenian-genocide.org/kemal.html )  with this exodus from the mainland , mustafa kemal completed what talaat and enver had started in 1915 , the eradication of the armenian population of anatolia and the termination of armenian political aspirations in the caucasus . 
  fair enough . 
  i just assumed it was a typo . 
  wait . 
  why is the daily bail banned ? 
  and why is that a real site ? 
  trash is not enough . 
  i think it would have to be outright false which many daily mail articles are . 
  one of the biggest claims in 2014 was that if they remain , they can guarantee a place in the eu but if they leave they ca n't . 
  that has changed . 
  do n't give them any ideas . 
  or better yet , take it is an opportunity to reinvent the show . 
   `` germans are the only people in the world who plant a monument of shame in the capital , '' bjoern hoecke , the afd 's leader in the eastern state of thuringia , said in a widely reported speech to young members of the party . 
  i will say this to afd and others like them . 
  germany 's approach to its history is something the rest of the world should learn from . 
  at least in my eye , it improves my imagine of the country and its people . 
  compare it to any other country in the world 's attitude to the atrocities it committed , from turkey to japan , even american and britain . 
  we did n't learn about how bad the british empire was , at least in my school , as much as we should 've . 
  it 's hardly going to be controversial around these parts . 
  the us has no problem . 
  i hope you 're being sarcastic . 
  a civilised society does n't restrict freedom of religion because of a radical minority within a minority . 
  cunts bring women joy . 
  the same ca n't be said for ukip . 
  it 's very telling that the alt-right shuts down any discussion on women unless it involves muslims . 
  some of them have an even worse view of women than many muslims .
