norway has the world 's largest sovereign wealth fund that 's sustained by making good decisions . 
  did you see gordon brown 's speech ? 
  he totally nailed it !, 
  germany is the 2nd largest manufacturing exporter in the world and they were only surpassed by china just after the financial crisis . 
  heck , they own 35 % of the wotld 's shipping containers . 
  and now they 've only got 153 followers, 
  that 's the longest comment i 've read on reddit . 
  but it was well worth it, 
   global warming , yes , it does exist yeah , we can create a list of all of the factors which can either increase or decrease global temperature . 
  warming can be increased by changes to : * the earth 's orbit , the tilt of its axis , earth 's precession etc * an increase in solar radiation * changes to albedo ( deforestation and land use change ) * variations in the atmospheric concentrations of methane , nitrous oxide and carbon dioxide . 
  [ we know that the sun has a perfect alibi , as it 's in a solar minimum . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/o9xowvj.png ) we know the period of the cycles , in the [ earth 's tilt/precession/orbit ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/milankovitch_cycles ) etc , and therefore when that will cause warming ; none of which accounts for the current warming . 
  we know that large amounts of forested areas have been cleared for farming etc , and that does count for some warming . 
  with everything considered , the current warming of 0.8 deg c is consistent with warming predicted by the increase in atmospheric concentrations of ch4 , no2 and co2 . 
   archimedes ' principle it only applies to sea-based ice , mainly the arctic and sea-ice around the antarctic . 
  yeah , so when it melts , sea level stays the same . 
  however , it does n't apply to land based ice ; greenland , land-based antarctic ice and glacial ice . 
   nothing bad will happen living in developed , relative wealthy countries , we wo n't have too much to worry about in the near term . 
  if food prices etc go up , then i do n't care if i have to spend $ 1 more for a loaf of bread ; when a pint of beer costs # 4.50 , then a couple of quid for a loaf means nothing !, 
  -- the emerging energy sector is becoming one of the greatest investment opportunities of a generation . 
  if i had spare cash now , i 'd definitely invest money there !, 
  nope , i do n't have anything to say about it . 
  :( what have you heard about it ? 
  the island was named greenland in an attempt to lure settlers in search of land and the promise of a better life . 
  however , the ice sheet has existed for at least 400,000 years , it 's more than 3 kilometres thick in places and covers 80 % of greenland , proves that the opportunities to establish communities would have been limited to rather small areas . 
  the were areas where people settled , where it was warmer than today , however , that warming was regional , not global . 
  it was named the medieval warming period . 
  [ this picture shows warming during that period ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vwjf8x3.gif ), 
  it shows that you lack understanding about the issue . 
  why do you believe that natural events can affect the climate , but absolutely exclude any human influence ? 
  you 're promoting a belief system , not science . 
  last year was the warmest global average on record . 
  record wildfires in the us and indonesia . 
  record cat 4 and 5 hurricanes and typhoons . 
  record extreme precipitation and flooding events in many locations . 
  the key thing is that one can not determine the long term trend in global averages , from local short term observations, 
  the medieval warming period has sunk faster than a pound of lead . 
  why on earth did those contrarians think that it would float ? 
  haha , that 's classic . 
  have you posted in r/pics ? 
  it 's not going to be short . 
  the uk will spend the full two years negotiating with the eu, 
  `` brexiter refusing to believe uk will be # 66bn worse off until they see it written on a bus . '', 
  ... secondly , there are currently 40 ongoing wars in the world right now , and besides what 's happening in ukraine , there are n't any wars in europe . 
  winston churchill would know why this is the case . 
  do you ? 
  this will put things in perspective : at the moment , on the world stage , we 're a very important part of 6.8 \u2105 of the world 's population . 
  however , if we brexit , the uk will be just another undifferentiated part of 0.88 \u2105 of the world 's population . 
  leavers need to get over the delusion that the uk is inherently ` special ' or ` great ', 
  it 's a fact . 
  home ownership is at it 's lowest level in 30 years https://www.theguardian.com/society/2016/aug/02/home-ownership-in-england-at-lowest-level-in-30-years-as-housing-crisis-grows, 
  as a percentage of income , having one 's own home has become far less affordable , and younger people have a want , and a need , to live in higher population / non-remote areas, 
   price the average london property price is # 572,402 the average property value in the uk to # 213,927 so no , most younger people can not afford that , but then maybe you can ? 
  do you get the idea ? 
   income nope , you need to look at figures before jumping to conclusions https://www.economicshelp.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/real-income-per-capita-600x424.png  brexit a brexit would make the lives of younger generations even more difficult , for what ? 
  and yet you relied on one prediction , of moodys , to base your argument , in spite of that article stating that a ` hard brexit ' would not pose an existential crises for banks - instead it forces them to restructure ( ie . 
  leave london ) . 
  big impact on the city , small impact on the players . 
   costs if the uk brexits , then the costs to the financial industry will be significant , as it 'll lose passporting , and guaranteed it will minimise costs by moving elsewhere . 
  that 's what the article on moodys said . 
   generations it 's now almost impossible for the younger generation to get onto the housing ladder . 
  further , it 's very difficult , if not impossible , for the majority of younger people to make the type of income that the average older-generation did in their time . 
  even getting a university degree wo n't help much . 
  they are virtually stuck . 
  and now they may have to look at the prospect of fewer freedoms and lowered opportunities , just because the older generation generally give a damn about the younger generation 's future, 
  and further , the article about moodys states that a ` hard brexit ' would not pose an existential crises for banks - instead it forces them to restructure ( ie . 
  leave london ) . 
  big impact on the city , small impact on the players . 
  your reasoning goes : because predictions carry uncertainties , therefore all predictions are worthless . 
  and yet ironically , you 've selected moody 's prediction , above all others , and then use that as a reason to claim that a brexit would have minimal impact . 
   economy nope , we 're now the sixth largest economy . 
  london wo n't maintain its leading position because of the financial industry 's fondness for history , as that would be pathetically naive . 
  and nope , the uk would just be another , relatively small population country , with nothing to offer to us , china or japan other than trade . 
  china want to continue with hinckley because 1 ) it would become a first key example of china 's ability to provide large nuclear installations 2 ) it 'd be a money earner for them  generations being older generational , is one of the key predictors of voting to leave . 
  older generations are generally conservative and fearful of foreigners . 
  the older generation do n't care much about the wellbeing of younger and future generations , so it 's understandable that a divide has been created , where the younger generations have loads of resentment, 
  hey , pipe down mr xenophobe, 
  and btw , i was offered two top end contracts last week . 
  one was to work in finance in the city , and the other was to work in the eu . 
  guess which one i decided to go for ? 
   based on what the loss of trade agreements with the eu . 
  a new trade deal with china , for example , would take 500 trade negotiators around 10 years to complete , and in the interim the uk would revert to crappy wto rules . 
  the movement of goods , service , people and capital will become more costly and inefficient . 
  this is n't rocket science . 
   growth we 'll see a net loss of around 4 % gdp , at least until 2030  position the uk is currently in a unique position on the world stage . 
  leaving the eu will mean throwing that position away . 
  we would become just another country , nothing special , we would no longer provide any unique benefits for china , japan or the us , and other countries too . 
  this is n't rocket science, 
   exports of goods could increase we 've only seen an increase in the sale of uk goods to foreigners , as a result of the devaluation of the pound . 
  a long term devaluation of the currency is going to hurt the economy . 
  further , the weakened pound means that the parts that the uk imports , to manufacture goods , will also be more expensive . 
  and if we leave the single market , then trade with the eu will be more costly . 
  a weakened pound also means travelling abroad will be more costly and buying things like electronics and other consumer goods will be more expensive . 
   that would mean those areas need less of london 's tax revenue the economy will shrink , which means that more jobs will be lost . 
  we 'll become an even more junior partner of the us , and will see demoted cultural , political and economic influence in the world . 
  loss of passporting rights will affect every citizen of the country , as the economy will shrink , which only mean that more jobs will be lost , as well as less of london 's tax revenue going to other regions, 
  there have been many . 
  and two of my friends have already had issues . 
  the one friend earned a phd from a leading london university , and he is working on a major uk engineering project , and he 's been here for years . 
  he 's already twice been on the receiving end of xenophobic abuse , since the referendum,
