  and then hannan has the audacity to deny there 's been a rise in hate crime since the referendum, 
  even as someone who spent time searching for information , i found it quite difficult to find clear details about the pros and cons of staying / leaving the eu . 
  the referendum was very poorly organised . 
  there was the other issue of gross misinformation by the media , and i believe that it played a decisive role in the leave vote . 
  it 's not surprising that i often refer to some of the media as a mediaocracy - ` the system of maintaining control over a nation by utilizing the media , usually perpetrated under the guise of freedom of speech ' . 
  the criticism is warranted , as the referendum vote has been the greatest act of unforced national self-harm , in modern history . 
  and i like to refer to what some of the media does as mediaocracy - ` the system of maintaining control over a nation by utilizing the media , usually perpetrated under the guise of freedom of speech ' . 
  our search says : - why are the dutch so tall - why are the dutch called dutch - why are the dutch not in euro 2016 - why are the dutch so direct, 
  why ca n't everyone get along in the eu , just like they do in this sub ? 
  the 3 main reasons : - lack of exercise - poor diet - dislike of the sun when i recently went to germany , for the first time , i thought the girls would be kinda big and strong , like rugby players . 
  but instead they were tall , trim , often blonde , pretty , friendly and riding bicycles everywhere, 
  ouch , that place is depressing https://www.google.co.uk/search?site=&amp;tbm=isch&amp;source=hp&amp;biw=1745&amp;bih=894&amp;q=arkansas+england&amp;oq=arkansas+england, 
  in the news : easyjet to service all its aircraft in malta http://www.timesofmalta.com/articles/view/20160905/local/easyjet-to-service-240-planes-at-lufthansa-technik-malta.624149, 
  you have n't being paying attention to recent news . 
  ministers have already said that they do n't even have a clue about what questions to ask when they finally begin bargaining with europe . 
  after the referendum they pretty much started with blank sheets of paper . 
  the functioning of most sectors of this country , is intimately tied into eu laws , along with the free movement of goods , services , capital and people . 
  and the uk does n't even have * any * trade negotiators . 
  only someone like trump would say there 's no reason to delay anything . 
  the mere fact that you ask that question , shows that you do n't have any idea of the complexity of issues in preparing for a possible brexit . 
  you probably imagine that 's it 's a simple as an hour at kwikfit, 
  i reckon this , to a large degree , is only due to the 28 eu member states having 28 times greater opprotunity to gain medals , than any single country, 
  no , if a50 is signed , then 2 years later we 'll default to non-ideal wto rules . 
  and a full brexit would cost 4 % gdp , every year . 
  http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-04-28/brexit-economists-hit-back-with-report-showing-u-k-would-thrive a brexit will mean a smaller economy , an economy that had the most-priveleged of positions in the eu , and will have demoted political , economic and cultural influence . 
  about that there is no doubt . 
  leave voters have demostrably failed to consider any of this prior to voting , but it 's not surprising, 
  no , it 's not possible that it wo n't shrink if we leave the single market . 
   many of the existing eu arrangements with third countries can be largely grandfathered that 's clearly your homemade solution . 
  exsting eu trade deals are intimately tied to legal , political and economic arrangments , and your overly-simplistic idea of doing something like a search-and-replace of country names , is quite naive . 
  a new trade deal , with china for example , will take around 10 years and 500 negotiators . 
  creating new trade deals is so resource intensive , that it limits the number that can be simultaneously negotiated . 
  this will help put things into perspective : `` the uk has no trade negotiators ; the rest of the world will want to see what the uk-eu arrangement is before committing to a trade deal ; and britain has a weak and needy negotiating position . 
  such negotiation is as hard-headed an exercise as one can imagine , and the inexperienced uk ministers and officials will be lambs wandering into a slaughterhouse . 
  lol , did farage tell you that ? 
  how long d you think it '' s takes to establish new trade deals ? 
  ( hint : it 's more than 2 weeks ), 
  if brexit happens , then economic uncertainty will continue for a number of years , it 'll be transient . 
  however , reduced gdp will be sustained for more than a decade , probably longer, 
  yes . 
  the poor are going to get poorer , that 's what happens when the economy shrinks . 
  do you understand that ? 
  if we brexit , it 's guaranteed that the eocnomy will shrink, 
  no , you 're being silly . 
  the country simply wo n't have the money to support the sport programmes that have lead to such a success in rio . 
  do you understand that ? 
  well , what do you think is driving an increase in certain types of retail sales ? 
  it 's legs would still be glued to the 27 other octopi, 
  yep, 
  yeah , the recklessness of cameron 's party is staggering, 
  ` disentangling britain from the eu will be like extracting one glue-slathered octopus from a basket of 27 other ones ' \\ - from the economist, 
  i think it 's possibly contagious , possibly a sign of solidarity , as the uk heads towards becoming a smaller version of the us, 
  possibly reasons of solidarity , as the uk is on course to become a mini us, 
  i think it could be a deliberate , yet unconscious sign of solidarity , as the uk is likely to become a us lite, 
  norway currently has the option , of putting a brake on immigration , but it 's decided not to use it, 
  yes . 
  leavers were largely irrational , as they used demonstrably illegitimate arguments to support their case . 
  and they 're generally xenophobic and fear about losing their identity . 
  if a full brexit happens , then the economy will shrink and many leave supporters will lose their jobs . 
  lets hope that europe is able to survive the storm, 
  it 's cultural , political and economic standing will be demoted, 
  murdoch has given editors , of some papers , full editorial control, 
  this explains things clearly : [ brexit was fueled by irrational xenophobia , not real economic grievances ] ( http://www.vox.com/2016/6/25/12029786/brexit-uk-eu-immigration-xenophobia ), 
  do you live in a smaller part of the uk ? 
  a place where people are fearful of foreigners ? 
  do you believe in [ the big bad brusselo ? 
  you like the idea of little england , do n't you ? 
  it 's irrelevant . 
  if many citizens of an eu can not speak english , then the obligation is on the english speaker to learn the native language . 
  otherwise it 's a ` failure of integration ', 
  that 's 100 % hypocritical , as you 'd want foreigners to learn english, 
  farage 's hypocrisy is glaringly obvious, 
  a key issue raised by farage , is that everyone should learn the language of the country in which they live , for reasons of integration in everyday life . 
  farage is hypocritical , in that being an mep for over 20 years , he failed to learn flemish , french or german . 
  that article made this point , maybe you did n't read it, 
  is n't it obvious ? 
  by his own standards , yes, 
  it 's very clear, 
  [ this says so much ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3w5le8x.jpg ), 
   i calculated the risk i do n't buy that, 
  leave supporters want to rid themselves of the eu , regardless of the costs . 
  what 's surprising is that they do n't seemed bothered that boris and farage simply conned them . 
  history is going to have some very interesting things to say about this, 
  the majority of leave supporters still do n't know what gloablisation means, 
  be careful what you say before you get banned form this sub, 
  most of them are such dishonorable people , and you 've bought into their rhetoric , hook line and sinker . 
  and still , the majority of leave supporters do n't have a clue what globalisation means, 
  boris and farage , lol . 
  they used deceit on an industrial scale . 
  and dullich college , in 1981 , raised many concerns about farage 's racist and fascist views , an example of which is where farage marched up and down the street singing hitler youth songs . 
  utterly pathetic !, 
  and you think they have honourable intentions , lol, 
  understand what the word ` generally ' means, 
  the dictionary disagrees with you http://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/globalization, 
  leaves campaigners generally do n't have any idea what globalisation means, 
  and he once described alastair campbell as `` a great , quivering mass of indecision '', 
  count me in : ), 
  london 's taxes prop up the rest of the uk : one pound in every five earned in the capital funds the rest of the country . 
  the working class will be worse off, 
  he 's realised that people wo n't like him if he pushes the button,
