we enjoy our territorial integrity and national sovereignty . 
  why would anyone in a position like finland want to join russia ? 
  estonian id-card , yeah . 
  you ca n't use it to vote , as you 're not a registered local , but you could probably use it with the same systems as anyone in estonia can , like banking and other government systems , like maybe healthcare . 
  i do n't know for sure though . 
  not only was the plane damaged by the rebels , they also had to have a go at the crash site !, 
  i 'm quite sure they 're allowed to vote in the local elections , not quite sure what they 're called in english , they 're kov or kohalikud omavalitused in estonian . 
  besides , those stateless people are in no way opressed or prevented from gaining citizenship the same way you would in every other civilized part of the world . 
  that 's what i meant , but what do you mean that some people are n't able to vote ? 
  do you mean the people with a russian citizenship ? 
  in 1995 the ussr was dead , in 1990 it was dying . 
  and what do you mean with their vote not meaning a lot ? 
  it 's a land of equals , any discrimination is individual people 's bigotry and most certainly a vocal minority . 
  in estonia , the keskerakond is often considered a russian party , getting a large amount of russian votes , and they are the second largest party , meaning their votes certainly count for something . 
  if every country , including iceland and the scandinavian countries also have an old technophobe generation , why do they have percentages ranging from 80-91 % , compared to estonia that should have the exact same factors but scores much lower ? 
  of course . 
  still . 
  every student uses internet at least once a day for school purposes along with all the other things teenagers can and will do on the internet and most adults use it for e-mail , news , communicating and also less every-day stuff like taxes . 
  not quite so much . 
  we have an old population and they can often be technophobes , not much else to it . 
  estonia 's armed forces have 3200 active soldiers , but we have 218 000 reserves , almost 20 % of the population . 
  the main priority of our military is to defend the sovereignty of our territory and keep our independence . 
  no reason to be worried . 
  if anything would happen , you 'd see the certain signs weeks ahead , nothing anything like it yet . 
  it 's scaremongering . 
  and narva is n't 97 % either , it 's 82.5 % , with 3.8 % estonians . 
  great for visualizing !, 
  murdering giraffes is evil and wrong . 
  same . 
  in my school you got to choose between russian and german and the larger part chose russian , but there 's still plenty learning german . 
  `` if the ukrainian revolution is a success they will use all the police buses and planes and helicopters to fly to the uk and take the jobs and welfare money ! '', 
  if i was given a vehicle , a house , a variety of food to choose every day and all my bills were paid , as well as social security and infrastructure and all that even when i would be out of a job , i would n't really mind only getting 10 % of what i 'd get before taxes . 
  written wales and i believe it is pronounced similar to the way it is in english . 
  this subreddit has `` only '' 40k subscribers , so i do n't think you can really compare it to the default ones . 
  yeah , and they might have been/still be hoping that russia comes and takes estonia back , again . 
  we have a similar situation in estonia . 
  we 've been independent for over 20 years , yet many of the russians who used to live here and still do have yet to learn estonian . 
  it 's mostly people over the age of 50 , but there 's also some under 50 that just ca n't speak estonian . 
  you 'd have a hard time asking for directions in some neighborhoods . 
  from what i 've seen , we have the same kind of culture in estonia , at least up till the age of 16 . 
  yeah . 
  i never thought of that !, 
  thanks !, 
  also , it 's just the us of a with some cities on most maps , i have n't seen a single map in real life with the individual states on them , otherwise i probably could 've picked up a lot of them . 
  i 'd like to point out that poland and lithuania are both old countries , over 500 years old . 
  the current nation is n't that old , but they have existed on and off over the years , like many other countries that you said to have come out of the ussr or wwi/ii . 
  do n't have anything to add to the argument , just saying this fyi . 
  would that be similar to the two different forms of `` see '' ? 
  [ a great example of the english proficiency in estonia !, 
  ( it 's actually what the less enthusiastic estonian student would speak , those who actually bother with paying attention to the language often have great vocabulary and accent . 
  ) ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wugqxgu_gtq ), 
  to put it on a rope , i 'd presume . 
  like an ancient wallet . 
  well , now that you are being treated like hitler , how about you rule your country with an iron fist , fix a lot of problems , but this time keep nationalism and war-mongering on the down-low ? 
  no news is estonian news . 
  and estonian news are debates , personal opinions or something that happened far far away . 
  i do n't have a strong sense of national pride , not because there 's nothing to be proud of , or reasons why not to be , but that 's just not me . 
  why is keeping languages alive so important ? 
  every ` super ' - country at that time wanted a war . 
  germany went to help an ally , and so did everyone else . 
  i 'm not sure where i get it from , so i have no sources , but i pay about 20 $ or 10 $ for 12/0 .8 and get a bit less . 
  that 's because i live in an area of tartu ( the second largest city in estonia ) that does n't have fios . 
  i drive from estonia to denmark , either via latvia-lithuania-poland-germany or ship-sweden-ship-denmark and i only need to show my passport when i get on the ship , together with the ticket . 
  you can go in almost any shop in any of those places , and you wont be asked to present your passport . 
  there 's even a town on the estonia-latvia border , which is on the middle of the border , one part estonian , one part latvian . 
  valga , not sure how things work down there though . 
  i think you should show it every once in a while , to verify being an eu citizen . 
  what about india , england pretty much owned it for quite some time , closer to now then close to then . 
  the way i see it , in the military , is that drones are like all other aircraft , yet they do n't have pilots nor the cockpits or all the other parts necessary to keep a pilot safe and well . 
  it is n't a tragedy when a drone is shot down with a good pilot piloting it , it 's just an extra cost . 
  there are no news in estonia , ever , nothing happens . 
  it 's nice , nothing to get worried about . 
  any news you could need you can always get from the news from the tv . 
  already subscribed to that , but thanks for the actually constructive comment . 
  still , i feel like journalism everywhere is rapidly losing quality . 
  wait , that is n't how you 're supposed to do it ? 
  do i have to make up incest and illiteracy and such on your part instead ? 
  i sure was , my dear gent , tip my fedora to you again , for pointing out the obvious and irrelevant , please , let 's continue this enlightening debate !, 
  #hashtagyoloswag i will however be unable to reply for a few hours , i 'm going to malwart to make fun of morbidly obese people , my dear gent . 
  i 'd love to learn about north america , and this is a great place to learn about the north american people !, 
  well , ca n't argue with that logic , i 'll tip le fedora to you fine gents and leave this mighty thread under your control , ye almighty . 
   i 'm not going to be apologetic you guys are far from being apologetic , you 're barely showing your opinion on the matter , you 're just out-right trolling in the lowest way you can . 
   the fact that i 'm an american just because it might come off as patriotism/jingoism being american does n't portray you nor ` your people ' , but the way you and ` your people ' are behaving on this thread , just outright begging for arguments , looking for fights portrays you in the worst way possible . 
   have an entire thread dedicated to whining about how american-centric an american website is . 
  the thread is about an article debating whether or not the internet is too american . 
  i was stating how i did n't quite enjoy reddit being so american-centric . 
   americans chiming in with a second opinion you 've barely touched the subject , all you 've done is tried to argue with people , it does n't matter to you whether or not it 's on the subject . 
  no , unless you 'd count facebook . 
  trolls , what can you do ? 
  downvote & leave it be , no point in further feeding them . 
  soviet times , what do you mean with soviet times ? 
  that was over 20 years ago , the internet did n't even exist back then . 
  i 'm seeing plenty of good content here , and trolls or people who come here to argue . 
  every one of them seems to be an american , so yeah , i 'd have to agree with you , i 'm starting to dislike dealing with you guys . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 've met plenty of americans , and they seem like perfectly normal people , yet based on what you guys are portraying yourselves as here on this sub , you guys are really nationalist , ` patriotic ' assholes . 
   you 're still using reddit . 
  of course ? 
  thanks . 
  i thought i would , but it was all completely obvious , so i thought i would n't bother to and point out something else , which was also obvious , yet he might 've not known yet . 
  are you stupid or , or ... no , that 's the only option .
