it was indeed fun . 
  [ here 's mine ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gb94fus.png ) as a macedonian living in germany . 
  mixed feelings for italy because of football . 
  dislike switzerland because they are arrogant , they butcher our language , and they are better than us at everything ( okay , except for football ) . 
  true , true , i know that , but still . . :p i 'd actually say that this kind of thinking is not as strong as it was a few years ago , especially among young people . 
  maybe that 's why the government is trying harder to shove nationality in people 's faces . 
  the article just say that the foreign ministry was offended , not the macedonian majority . 
  i have no idea how they reacted , and i 'd like to believe they 're at least not as crazy as the government . 
  yeah , but when you say you 're a pole ( or russian , or czech , or slovenian , or whatever ) no one tells you `` no , you 're a slav '' . 
  i do n't think saying i 'm macedonian lays claim to anything ancient macedonian , neither do i mean i have anything to do with it . 
  it just means i have a macedonian citizenship . 
  i actually get pretty mad when people assume i 'm some ultra-nationalist when i say that i 'm macedonian , but i guess it 's mostly the fault of my compatriots ... 
  i also do n't think there 's a point in talking about this . 
  culture matters more than ethnicity , and you can identify as a pan-slav , or a pan-european , or with the culture of your small village ( not you specifically , just in general ) if you want , and all of them are fine . 
  i identify more as a german than anything , and when i get my citizenship i will be german , and no one will ever think i 'm a crazy evil nationalist when i say where i 'm from :p, 
  i am macedonian , and no , i do n't believe i am greek . 
  though i suspect there may be some that do ... that being said , i can somehow understand where this is coming from . 
  we are slavs , but slav is a very wide term , and macedonian slavs have a distinct culture , just like all other slavs . 
  i mean , probably no one would call russians or poles just `` slavs '' , so why do it for macedonians ? 
  of course , on the other hand , it could have been used to make the distinction between slavic macedonians and the macedonians of a different ethnicity ( albanian , turkish , etc. 
  ) , but i think these define themselves by their ethnicity rather than citizenship , so i do n't know . 
  wei\u00dfwurstfr\u00fchst\u00fcck is the best thing ever !, 
  i only needed to use a night tram on the night of the wc win , but it was 30 minutes late and did n't even stop where i was waiting ( even though it should have , there were a plenty of us waiting there ) . 
  at least i found out the walk home is not that bad , even though it took me around 45 minutes . 
  i am sure it was only because of the circumstances , but even if everything had been normal , the closest night tram stop to my apartment is still a 15 minute walk away . 
  not that bad , but i guess i 've been spoiled during the day . 
  fortunately for me , i do n't usually need the night lines . 
  it 's definitely amazing . 
  it 's expensive , but worth it . 
  i am currently a student , so i could n't afford a car even if i wanted it , but i really do n't need one . 
  i am also not planning on getting one , because public transit + ( maybe ) bike seems to work perfectly . 
  also because i hate driving . 
  the only complaint i have is that the lines get seriously rare after midnight and the u-bahn does n't even operate after 2am . 
  i do n't know how well the night trams and buses function , but they are definitely not too convenient . 
  the semesterticket is extremely cheap compared to the normal prices . 
  it comes out to 33 $ / month and you can ride in the whole network . 
  i 'm not arguing that it 's expensive , but the semesterticket is not a good example for that . 
  better say that to get the same coverage if you 're not a student it costs 200 $ / month . 
  yeah , i never meant to defend the fact that this exists , but that it 's not * really * the standard . 
  i am not planning to come back , but i do n't want people to think i 'm from a total shithole when i tell them where i 'm from ( even though it 's probably true ) . 
  living in macedonia as a kid is not bad at all , it 's being an adult that sucks . 
  i know , i am actually from macedonia , just live in germany now . 
  i guess being from the center of skopje , i have n't seen the worst in the country . 
  i think about everyone i know could afford it , despite not being especially rich . 
  the real problem here is that people can only get good education in skopje , but apparently living there is only affordable for those who already do , because most of the decently paying jobs ( or jobs at all ... ) are also in skopje . 
  and the dorms are n't considered important enough to be renovated . 
  i just . . do n't know . 
  i feel the need to defend my country , but there is a reason i do n't live there anymore . 
  still , if you consider the value you get for your money , i 'd say renting an apartment is worth it . 
  i understand that not everyone can afford it , but my point was that it 's not all that bad . 
  many students live with their parents , those who live in nearby cities commute , rent is not insanely expensive . 
  i study in munich and finding a place to live was hell , even shitty places cost upwards of 200 euros . 
  now , i have never tried looking for an apartment in skopje , but from what i 've heard from friends from other cities , it 's more or less doable . 
  i do n't mean to imply that students have it better in macedonia , just that it is possible ( and likely ) to live in decent conditions . 
  yeah , on the other hand , in skopje you can rent a room/share an apartment for an affordable price ( 50-70 euro/month + bills ) . 
  not that much more than the dorms for much better conditions , but i guess some people ca n't even afford that ... 
  well , to be fair , they can only hold conversations in german with other swiss german speakers ... 
  germany too . 
  well , i 'm studying in a different country , so i ca n't celebrate with my family . 
  i have no idea how ( or why ) to celebrate easter alone . 
  i do n't have classes thursday-tuesday , so i will probably spend these days in my room , studying . 
  i 've never eaten a gyro with french fries . 
  i think the difference is in the meat ( gyros with pork , d\u00f6ner with chicken/beef ) and gyros usually come in pita bread and d\u00f6ner as a sandwich . 
  also , i have n't had gyro in a while , but i think there 's less vegetables there . 
  the sauce is different too , of course . 
  point is , they 're both awesome and i 'm craving gyros now . 
  as a macedonian who lives in germany ( and speaks german ) , yes , i definitely can . 
  i am not sure i can tell norwegian/swedish/danish apart because i have n't really heard them ( often ) so i do n't really know what each of them sounds like . 
  though i guess i would n't be an outsider of either of these groups . 
  out of the things i did n't see mentionen here , i like das experiment ( germany ) funny games ( austria ) irreversable ( france ), 
  i 'm from macedonia , currently studying in germany . 
  it 's pretty awesome , you can get great education for very little money ( there are technically no tuition fees , but at my university we pay 111 euro/semester ) and depending on the city , you can also live in a pretty great place and have a lot of fun in your free time . 
  the only catch is , you have to know german . 
  well , you really could have chosen a better song to represent oomph ! . 
  also , i have a hard time believing there are people who have n't heard of the scorpions . 
  i 'm kind of under the impression they 're even more popular outside of germany than in it . 
  though it is true that people might not know or forget they 're german . 
  well , i have n't been living in munich for long enough to judge that one , but i 'd say it 's much closer to standard high german than what you 'd hear in rural bavaria . 
  now for my hometown , i was born in skopje , in macedonia . 
  i 'll admit i do n't exactly know the `` real '' , traditional skopijan dialect that well , but i 'll assume it 's not that far from the way people speak there today . 
  our dialect is officially in the group of western-central dialects , which are the closest to the standard language . 
  we do n't really change anything grammatically , only pronounce some words differently ( mostly elision of consonants , example : sho instead of shto , meaning what ) and sometimes use serbian/serbian-ized words instead of macedonian ( the latter meaning we kind of mix them , use the serbian base with macedonian word formation grammar , for example : povise/poise ( in skopje ) , povekje ( standard macedonian ) , vise ( serbian ) , more ( english ) ) . 
  definitely far from my experience in germany . 
  i am a macedonian living in munich and i 've never experienced or witnessed any hostility towards myself or anyone else who is n't german . 
  of course , munich is a very multicultural city , so it may be different elsewhere , but almost everyone i know who has been to/lived in germany has loved it and has felt welcome . 
  so i do n't know where the hell you 've been , but it 's definitely not the norm . 
  germany . 
  simply because i like everything about it - the culture , language , people , plus it seems like a stable and safe country . 
  i 've been there and i was fascinated by how organized everything is and how smoothly it runs . 
  definitely not what i 'm used to . 
  also , as a more work-oriented and not very outgoing person , i think i 'd fit right in . 
  on a lighter note , i am a big fan of their national football team ( well , all national teams , but especially football ) , ndh music and german cuisine . 
  i am definitely not happy where i am , and i think i 'd pretty much rather live in any other european country ( except for maybe the balkan countries ) , but central europe and especially germany is my favorite . 
  not so fast there , neighbor . 
  i think at some point a few years ago we had the highest unemployment rate in europe , i would n't be surprised if that 's still the case . 
  i do n't have a single favorite work , but i really enjoy chekhov 's short stories . 
  speak : german english macedonian serbian very little spanish and french learning russian , because it 's interesting , challenging , and yet relatively easy as a speaker of two slavic languages , and can also be useful want to learn : dutch , because it 's like a simplified german , i love it french , because it 's an important language to know , and i feel like i am at a disadvantage if i do n't speak it , as most people learn it in school at least to some extent norwegian , i want a scandinavian language , and i 've read that it 's the best for understanding all of them czech , i want to know at least one slavic language from each group , and czech seems to be the easiest of the west slavic group, 
  most interesting for me is slovenia . 
  so much variety , beautiful nature , mountains and seas , and their culture is also interesting and with varied influences , and all of that is such a small country . 
  most boring : no idea .
