they do , sadly . 
  you have a point , but buddhism is not that easy to interpret in a violent way . 
  it just is n't . 
  i am not talking about the history or regimes that abused the religion . 
  going purely by their teachings abrahamic religions are tarnished with elements of sin , punishment and `` us against them '' . 
  relevant flair, 
  speak for yourself, 
  nice deflection . 
  then i would agree . 
  then so should christianity . 
  any religion but buddhism is tarnished , if you argue like that . 
  yeah , was just some random trivia i remembered . 
  in russia it was considered a soft drink for a long time ( sub 16 availability ) . 
  i think it was the same for . 
  germany too . 
  ofc not . 
  whoever has the majority decides . 
  the question is how other minorities vote . 
  well , then the people of kirkuk can vote . 
  i doubt the result would be different . 
  whoever currently occupies it . 
  can they ? 
  the kurds gained autonomy after those , at the expense of casualties . 
  now they will either be crushed between hostile regimes or make a stand of their own with the support of the west . 
  the west would gain a reliable ally in the middle east . 
  the kurds have nothing to lose and everything to gain . 
  do all the eastern europeans trolls come out at night ? 
  the comments in this thread are edgy as always . 
  wow you 're so edgy you called him a generic arabic name !, 
  seriously do you think this is thedonald ? 
  that is a pretty provocative banner . 
  that is a pretty provocative banner . 
  good luck when catalonia is gon na be more powerful economically . 
  superior slavic people obviously do n't count as dirty foreigners . 
  because of statements like yours . 
  turkish culture is largely more different than any other middle eastern one . 
  there is no need to deny that , and that does not need to be bad . 
  why would they support the underdog kurds then ? 
  turks are so desperate to be european . 
  they would n't . 
  they do n't support authoritarian regimes . 
  land belongs to those who live on it . 
  it is merely an arbitrary nation that makes you think you have control over these lands . 
  and yes , armenian land was conquered by the ottomans , so was kurdish lands . 
  still does n't mean they ca n't rebel after the new turkish republic takes away their rights . 
  no one should have to . 
  you are mistaken . 
  armenians on rightfully armenian land ( north east turkey ) were killed . 
  it was their land . 
  not yours . 
  neither is kurdistan your land , as much as you want to believe that . 
  it is the turkish pride that makes you want land where no turk even lives . 
  what does it matter do you if kurds govern their lands or armenians theirs ? 
  instead you kill them and try to move them . 
  armenians did n't kill , they defended their land . 
  but they all got killed by turks . 
  and these are not your lands to give , you are merely occupants . 
  yes armenians can . 
  because you tried to move them from their ancestral homes . 
  and when they did n't , you killed them all . 
  that is genocide . 
  trying to move people , and when that does n't work erasing them and their culture is genocide , yes . 
  war never changes , and so does n't turkey . 
  that is why it always will be in a cycle of hatred and nationalism , and it 's part of the reason why it 's now an authoritarian state . 
  you mean the indian one ? 
  that 's because that was not a genocide , but a gradual process of europena settlement , diseases , wars and assimilation . 
  a genocide is intentionally trying to erase a certain ethnicity and its culture . 
  which turkey has done plenty of and still seeks to do . 
  i know of the atrocities kurds commited during ottoman rule . 
  and at least most do not deny but atone , while turkey still denies genocides . 
  nice job going through my older comments when you are out of arguments . 
  sadly you did n't include the context , which is responding to alt-right trolls on / r/imgoingtohellforthis and yes , i said indians are a minority because they got hopelessly destroyed by europeans . 
  kurds in eastern anatolia did n't ( because they had it rather good in the ottoman empire , the bad stuff started happening more with atat\u00fcrk and his supposed `` secular and democratic turkey '' ) . 
  thus they are still a majority in their region . 
  despite turkish efforts to assimilate and destroy who does not assimilate . 
  i 'm saying `` you turks '' . 
  and maybe i got you wrong , but your previous post sounded very much like `` if the us could slaughter the indians and that 's okay , then why are you complaining about turks doing that to kurds ? '' . 
  maybe i misunderstood , though . 
  yes , because they lost to a technologically advanced force . 
  the kurds are , despite all your efforts , still standing . 
  and so they have every right to resist your attempts at erasing them . 
  turkey tries it 's best but it wo n't succeed . 
  compared to the past kurdish national pride has surged , and so has their influence in the region , and the attention in western media . 
  and no matter how much you try to taint the ( flawed ) freedom fighters , the course is set . 
  again , how is that related to turkey and the kurds ? 
  yeah the indians got killed in masses , also from european diseases etc. 
  but the point is they are nowadays a minority in their regions , which the kurds are n't and will never be . 
  stop deflecting . 
  i do n't understand ? 
  stop dodging the subject . 
  indians in america are allowed to marry . 
  i 'm talking about now . 
  you said they still had claim now , which they do not , as they are a minority . 
  kurds are a majority in eastern anatolia right now . 
  i do n't want you to continue because it 's bullshit . 
  those examples are of places where the respective groups are minorities . 
  kurds are the majority in eastern anatolia . 
  and have historically and still do historically face injustice from turkey . 
  not to mention that a kurdish state was promised via the treaty of sevres , but that of course did n't go right with the nationalist atat\u00fcrk , who then destroyed that treaty and went with the lausanne one . 
  so no , this is not being stuck in the past , it 's the present .
