  and it is occupied land . 
  the turkish government has no place there and it will sooner or later be kicked out . 
  no it 's not innocent . 
  no one is innocent in war . 
  but it 's fighting for a right cause , which is to remove turkish occupation and oppression from kurdish ground . 
  love the turkish comments here . 
  shows how they deal with these matters . 
  this guy speaks the truth . 
  i do n't know , i forgot my vague baseless facts book in the car . 
  first step . 
  and also is turning into a dictatorship . 
  yay !, 
  he was talking about the afd guys . 
  they can go to russian they admire so much . 
  because in advanced societies we have the ability to see religion and extremism separately . 
  cmon do n't try to hide the alt-right . 
  this just does n't fit your agenda does it ? 
  it 's still better than the majority tho, 
  you could argue any opinion is gained through such methods . 
  no source of information is unbiased . 
  how is `` importing africans and muslims '' at all related to merging europe together ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ad_hominem it is exactly that . 
  first of all u.s states do n't pull shit like this . 
  second is that the feds can indeed override state rulings in extreme cases . 
  i understand fully well how the eu works . 
  and i 'm pretty sure western europe would be fine without eastern europe . 
  other way round ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  please read carefully . 
  i said you should take them in because ** we already fucking have ** . 
  you have n't . 
  so now it 's your turn . 
  that 's just fair . 
  greece and italy have too . 
  now you do . 
  but you are such special snowflakes that you think you have the right not to take anyone in . 
  that is true hipocrisy . 
  and i 'm not gon na respond to the ramblings of someone who has probably never seen a refugee in his entire life . 
  but i thought hungary was a bastion of european values ? 
  i guess they missed the party by 80 years . 
  yes i do want to check misused funds . 
  that goes for all members , even germany . 
  oh cmon at least try to hide the racist . 
  sorry i do n't know an appropriate name for an estonian because wtf is estonia . 
  why unfounded ? 
  because they contribute to the economically most powerful nation in europe ? 
  that 's not unfounded . 
  the problem is that some countries are misusing those funds . 
  why ? 
  because they gave us a jumpstart ? 
  after that we became the richest country in europe through own effort . 
  eastern europe has now received the same jumpstart from us ? 
  and what do you do with that ? 
  nothing . 
  i did . 
  and now i still do . 
  and you guys just keep deflecting and living off our tax money . 
  at least the refugees pay german taxes . 
  so after 1945 you had time to get yourself up . 
  germany did too , albeit with us help . 
  and is it really racist when most eastern europeans simply are xenophobic ? 
  you 're projecting . 
  i feel like many other germans do , why does my country have to take this many of them in and why do my people pay taxes just so eastern europe can not do their part and live off of german taxes ? 
  how is that related ? 
  give me more than ad-hominem attacks , or is that not customary in hungary ? 
  your entire argumentation assumes i 'm leftist . 
  i 'm not . 
  i do n't want islam or refugees in germany . 
  what i do want is eastern europe to do its part in europe and stop being europes welfare area . 
  it was not a requirement . 
  but you ca n't just take take take and expect the eu to give you free money . 
  we 're gon na push quotas because you have the same obligation as italy and greece to take refugees in . 
  hey , good job on reading my flair !, 
  when did western europe install soviet communism in eastern europe . 
  you can blame others as much as you want , that 's your own fault . 
  no one stopped you from resisting . 
  oh so if it 's against you it 's racist eh ? 
  oh i 'm not a tolerance enthusiast . 
  far from it . 
  but i find it amusing that the east is so goddamn xenophobic when they have no reason to be . 
  you do n't even take close to as many in as germany does , and you fucking cry about it . 
  then do n't fucking take eu funds . 
  you ca n't take economic benefit and stay xenophobic . 
  yeah . 
  the wheels of justice turn way too slowly . 
  i do n't even wan na know what shit our politicians are involved in when they 're not as clumsy as trump and friends . 
  sadly true . 
  not to mention congress being largely in republican hands . 
  because capital cities are high value targets for terrorists . 
  and relevant to international media . 
  and brussels is also extremely relevant to the eu . 
  the reason ee has less of that stuff is because it 's fucking irrelevant and not worth the effort to terrorize it , not because it 's a xenophobic mess . 
  yeah you care about `` non-european '' nationality and `` european '' . 
  you 're not gon na go and say `` oh but iranians are fine ! '', 
  indeed . 
  whatever is the truth , i hope justice will be served soon . 
  i 'm just mimicking your sentiment . 
  i doubt people like you care what nationality the `` others '' are . 
  i 'm not the one obsessed with brown immigrants . 
  whatever .
