thankfully , due to tpp , goverments and companies will soon be one and the same . 
  no more confusion , rejoice !, 
  remember when everyone went apeshit over the charismatic , intelligent obama ? 
  yeah , worked like a charm , that one . 
  it 's the army of the twelve monkeys !, 
  you 're trolling right ? 
  hitler was elected democratically , but as soon as the notstandsgesetze were in effect , it ceased to be a democracy . 
  do n't mention ze war !, 
  well , we tend to be a bit touchy about our government trying to undermine democracy , for obvious reasons . 
  there are 40 lobbyists for every politician in brussels , what do you expect ? 
  what if you criminalized them as well , say for drug possession , so that the general public will think they deserve no better ? 
  i mean , that could work right ? 
  yeah , in the brilliant satire idiocracy . 
  [ dwayne elizondo mountain dew herbert camacho !!!, 
  ] ( http://media.giphy.com/media/ipoximugmkfks/giphy.gif ), 
  well said !, 
  damn that took me back to my time studying in jena . 
  he kinda looks like [ gary oldman ] ( http://www.theplace2.ru/archive/gary_oldman/img/gary_oldman_by_marce-1.jpg ) . 
  i mean , the gdr even had [ bernie sanders ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2f/bundesarchiv_bild_183-r1220-401,_erich_honecker.jpg ) before is was cool . 
  i wonder , does that apply to [ midgets ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgd9wer9zkc ) as well ? 
  so the argument that there 's no hard evidence against refugees does n't count ... why , exactly ? 
  bild is a tabloid , not a newspaper . 
  everything from them is untrustworthy . 
  1 million as opposed to 80 million germans . 
  i think we 'll be safe for a while . 
  guess what , every european is a migrant if you go back long enough . 
  this is bullshit . 
  i did n't see that is was blocked because of copyrighted music , that 's much more likely . 
  i just theorized that it could have something to do with the nazi connection . 
  does n't change the fact that he and his work is associated with nazism . 
  [ oswald spengler 's ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oswald_spengler ) book `` the decline of the west '' informed the ideology of the nazis , so that may be the reason . 
  the problem is a convoluted bureaucracy that was insane even before this crisis , where refugees had to wait six months for their asylum application to be processed . 
  this has been known for years , but nobody has done anything against it . 
  which is typical for this standstill government . 
  yeah , but they are far from being the inconsequential anti-euro party they have been before the refugee crisis . 
   furthermore , france and germany are doing sth . 
  the democrats never did , which is responding to voters . 
  unfortunately , the populists still repeat the same bullshit and the people eat it up . 
  at least in germany . 
  if you 're female and attractive , the greek gods would also like to have sex with you , preferably while being some kind of animal . 
  they 're weird that way . 
  well , originally , humour was imported into germany by american and british soldiers after world war 2 . 
  when they left , there was a severe shortage of humour , also known as the great comical crisis . 
  the government then established the national council for humour in 1962 in west germany , followed by the anti-fascist bureau for tomfoolery in east germany in 1963 . 
  both agencies were responsible for adding humour to the respective school curricula . 
  therefore , germans born after 1970 are able to at least tell three jokes with the right timing and mirth to elicit anything from a chuckle ( 1 ) to a belly laugh ( 10 ) . 
  i 'd like to point out that this is satire , on the off-chance that somebody actually thinks this is serious . 
  so by doing what nationalists want , you stop nationalism ? 
  makes perfect sense . 
  which is probably the same thing everyone thought in 1933 . 
  want to feel really old ? 
  now is to the release of back to the future as the release of bttf is to the 50s to which marty travels back to . 
  well , if trump wins , americans will be in luck soon !, 
  went there recently , can confirm . 
   got home with hail well , you * are * in germany . 
  one is holding refugees at bay , the other is n't . 
  ( german ) asylum law does n't work like that . 
  at least polish emigration is the shiniest . 
  his movies were also some of the very few western movies allowed to be shown in socialist east germany . 
  i still remember that as a very small child my parents allowed me to watch his movies with them past my bedtime . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q03l0hh6jlm ) i love louis defunes , `` jo '' ( a.ka . 
  camouflage a.k.a. 
  hasch mich , ich bin der m\u00f6rder ) is one of the funniest movies of all time . 
  [ great german dubbing , too . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4althuu008 ), 
  hey , no harm done . 
  yes , i know . 
  but i 'm talking about cultural impact , which imo was clearly largely british . 
  yeah , i know . 
  still , i would argue a lot of the arguably british imperial self-consciousness took root in american soil too . 
  after all , what 's generally refered to as the `` pilgrim fathers '' ( the famous plymouth colony , whose inhabitants sailed on the mayflower ) were british puritans fleeing religious persecution in the 17th century . 
  well , us americans are cultural descendants of the british , after all . 
  but then i 'm german , so i probably should n't point any fingers . 
  well , yeah , i voted for the guy twice . 
  but i was very dissappointed by him once it became clear how much his friendship to putin had influenced his policy decisions regarding stuff like the gazprom pipeline . 
   but holy fuck this man can talk . 
  interestingly , this was also true of schr\u00f6der who managed to dethrone kohl after 16 years . 
  he was a corrupt sleazeball in the end , but he had a talent for emotional but also intelligent speeches . 
  this is spot-on . 
  also , many western european countries are what the alt-right considers `` socialist '' ( but is actually social democratic ) . 
  so of course they demonize those countries and want them to fail in order to vindicate their own belief in `` the right way '' . 
  more like 1 ) confuse , alienate or insult your allies 2 ) ??? 
  3 ) make america great again, 
  electricity is very cheap in all of scandinavia and artificial lighting is used longer since the days are a lot shorter . 
  although he 's mainly known as actor , he 's also a long-time activist , especially against human rights abuses in tibet . 
  well , caligula declared himself a god , made his favourite horse a consul and had his soldiers slash at waves in a war against neptune , so yeah , there 's still room for trump to get even crazier . 
  she 's sliding along a flesh colored phallus . 
  it does n't get any more obvious than that . 
  it 's important to note that the article states that much of the money ( about 90 percent ) has been reinvested into the economy , via investments in new buildings and also the refugees themselves using the money to buy food and pay rent . 
  it 's not like they just keep it . 
  you 're lucky , i always loved it . 
  recently they tried to revive it in germany , but sadly used terrible c-list celebrities as candidates instead of normal people . 
  it was a flop . 
  i definitely prefer our system . 
  it also guarantees that political parties evolve over time by forming different coalitions . 
  and that new political parties can be created as well , with a definite chance to be part of the political process by being the minority part of a coalition . 
   an fsb agent and ~ ~ a real estate entrepeneur ~ ~ his puppet . 
  actually , germany 's two biggest parties kind of have the opposite problem to the two parties in the us going into this year 's election . 
  having worked together in a coalition for so long , they have started to look almost identical , agreeing on a lot of important points . 
  lucas explicitily borrowed from leni riefenstahl , yes .
