cut to statistics of raising distrust , hate and violence towards immigrants you say that like it 's not the plan . 
  just think if we put some drones on portal on that water they could easily shoot any raft they see before it gets too far out for the migrants to swim home . 
  i would guess joy . 
  i tried to google for gm seeds for sale and all i find are anti gm sites . 
  where are the suppliers for people that just want to grow some nice gm food in their garden ? 
   ` rich , xenophobic cowards ' better then poor , xenophobic cowards, 
  i like biased opinions . 
  you read the biased opinions of the guy that hates something , then you read the biased opinions of the guy that loves it . 
  then you normally have all the facts of both side and can come to your own view point . 
  it does not matter if it is true or not that they do any of the above a lot of people still believe it . 
  originally from aleppo , milad and her uncle yasser are trying to reach his brother , a doctor living in london . 
   9 and 13 years in jail they took someones live and gets only 9/13 years ? 
  pork the meat so good it has been banned by 3 manger religions . 
  the topic will be debated to death everyone will have had there say and the chance to read and learn a lot . 
  then / r/europe will move on . 
  whats the problem ? 
  i think that is the only time i have hard someone say butterfly in a menacing way . 
  scotland here . 
  i have been out clay pigeon shooting . 
  i live near farm land and this is so true . 
  they buy tractors worth much much more then they need as apparently with they do dick measuring contests they uses their tractors . 
  i do n't . 
  they are so often wrong that i do n't care if they are saying something i like or not . 
  i do n't trust them . 
  i do n't put a lot of faith in polls . 
   exist only in movies . 
  that 's because in real life they get shoot . 
   though now that they 're safe , it 's not good enough anymore , for some reason . 
  when given a chose people always go for the better option . 
  now that they are moving they may as well try to move to the best place they can think of . 
  `` sweet thousands less poor people sucking on the economy '' - george osborne, 
  that is a very good point . 
  i do n't like foreigners . 
  but then i do n't like most the people that live here either so fuck it . 
  i 'm - pro-high skilled immigration - i do n't see how they could make the place worse . 
  ~ ~ what is the assumption of the virgin mary ~ ~ nvm just googled it . 
  i had not hard of that one before . 
   i 'm reluctant to say terrorist attack , because they killed military personal terrorist attacks on military personal are no diffract then terrorist attacks on civilians . 
  britain vs the evil nazi army we save frances then march to destroy them . 
  sadly then the americans showed up at the last minute to take all the credit . 
  i love us to adopt the euro ones they fix the problem with the poor eu nations . 
  just like always . 
  i still like the idea of keeping the house as is . 
  just chang how the lords work . 
  have them elected by proportional representation every 5 years to counterbalance the fpp of the mps, 
  [ yet ] ( http://freedomship.com/ ), 
  what about the 3 kids . 
  they would have probably been turned into bombs . 
  war is peace freedom is slavery ignorance is strength, 
  well this time the people who 's fish were burnt was the french . 
  so the french should stop buying french stuff until their government takes care of it ? 
  i still do n't get what the big deal is with all the snowden leaks , people are sending tones of unencrypted data out everyday . 
  did it really surprise anyone that people out there where listening to it ? 
  i too have no idea . 
  if they are going to burn someone 's fish only fair it should be there own . 
  if you ask in the title then the answers is no . 
  there will always be good times and bad . 
  many bumps on the road to a united europe . 
  its worth it . 
  problems like grease will come up and have to be dealt with . 
  i still believe we are stronger together then apart . 
  i do n't like it never have . 
  ok it did screw ukip and while i hate ukip it is still a bad thing they got screwed as the people who voted for ukip have every bit as much right to be heard as intelligent people . 
  how much would it cost to build a wall around the eu ? 
  a big one with robot gun turrets like the ones they have in south korea . 
  lets see them get past that . 
  are you sure that 's sarcasm because that sounds like it would be really funny . 
  no it 's not . 
  at this point vladimir is like a bully who is punching someone in the face with there own arm , asking `` why are you hitting yourself ? 
  i 'm not hitting you . 
  why are you hitting yourself ? '', 
   yeah no . 
  killing is killing . 
  looks like we will have to agree to disagree on that one . 
   same shit perpetrated by all sides but i think most people have moved on from destroying priceless artifacts of the ancient world just because they are idles . 
  sometimes they may be destroyed by accident or out of military necessity , but we go out of our way to avoid doing it , the isis hunts them down and blows them up . 
  i think there is a differences between killing innocent civilians and killing people who left their nice homeland to go kill innocent civilians . 
  not to mention the mass raping , looting , destroying historical artifacts , burning books , and genocide . 
  if they have gone off to join other islamist militant groups at best they are not british any more and should not be allowed to come home . 
  at worst they are traitors and should come home to be hung . 
  that comment offends me . 
  i demand an apology !, 
  you do n't seem to know the differences between valid criticism in a funny formate and being edgy . 
  i will . 
  that artist has the right to freedom of speech . 
  yes . 
  at the moment i think there are too many people hanging on to pointless cultural differences for it too work yet . 
  but i think it is a good thing to aim for . 
  it will be hard implement and hopefully can be done in a way so that we end up with less bureaucracy and not more, 
  why you should never give to beggars . 
  give to food banks and shelters . 
  for someone who makes about # 78.30 an hour to ask people to work for # 1.91 an hour . 
  scotland has not put the issues of secession to rest . 
  the people who voted for secession a lot of them are still wanting to seceded , with almost all of scotland 's mps now being of the party snp ( scottish national party ) while the torys ( hated by scotland ) are now the dominant party in the uk i would say the snp along with scotland is just waiting to see if the torys will keep there promise of more powers for scotland . 
  if they do n't . 
  i think there will be anther attempt at secession in the next year or two . 
  if they do then the secession movement will find it harder but i do n't think they will give up easily . 
  the un flag is just the un not the other nations on earth . 
  this is why the uk needs more biking . 
   `` racism = prejudice + power '' that view is very unfair to neo-naizs , they have no power but try very hard to be racist .
