  greece might need some cash to do that , though . 
  well , if erdogan continues to have his way forever , eu might need to have fun with their god-knows-how-many turkish refugees ( slim chance , but still , there is a chance ) . 
  kral comes from serbian , which got the word from hungarian ( the hungarian word was kiralyi or something ) , and then , we 're pretty sure it was derived from carolus ( charlemagne , obviously ) . 
  plus , the ottoman sultans used the title of ` khan ' as well . 
  i remember the word being in the tughra ( which was a monogram of sorts ), 
  we 're kind of being asses to ethnic minorities , but the problem is ; it 's practically impossible to tell apart a kurd ( or an arab , or laz , or whatever ) . comvine that with ethnic surveys being illegal , it 's totally possible to be a closeted ethnic minority . 
  so it 's kinda like the american south ( not the entiire us ) with blacks , if blacks could go incognito . 
  i kind of do , but with a twist . 
  out of all the shitty mass produced out there , heineken is the best ( or the least shitty ? ), 
  well , the police version reads like complete and utter bullshit . 
  `` she was a professional provocateur , broke her cello herself '' . 
  i might have been inclined to believe that if it was coming from a somewhat more credible source . 
  though the girl 's story does n't sound super credible either . 
  i guess reality is somewhere in between the two stories but closer to the girl 's version . 
  ** watered down ** salty yogurt . 
   so basically schr\u00f6dinger 's investment portfolio ? 
  doing nothing productive , but somehow continually increasing in value ... 
  think of a bubble . 
  be it real estate , bitcoins , tulip bulbs or whatever . 
  there are also not so much of a bubble non-productive investment options ( forex trading for example ) , though those are n't returning more than inflation rate ( unless we 're talking about high earning people in a ponzi scheme or something ), 
  izmir is literally one of the best cities for a greek in turkey ( to clarify the situation : you wo n't get attacked or anything anywhere in turkey really . 
  in izmir the number of verbal jabs would be pretty minimal as well ) . 
  funny how times change in 90-something years . 
  why ? 
  how ? 
  it 's not a technically impressive feat ( the provider already has the means to play some recording before the call ) , it 's basically propaganda forcefully broadcast to everyone . 
  why exactly do you think that is cool ? 
  also i think that this was done by only one of the cell phone providers ( three major ones in turkey ) , but i 'm not really sure about it . 
  exactly . 
  there 's no literal translation . 
  the common legal term is `` ifade ozgurlugu '' , which translates to `` freedom of expression '' . 
  the right is constitutionally protected but nobody seems to care . 
  the original turkish variant is obviously not pork , either ( it bears little resemblence to pastrami apart from that ) . 
  the romanian version apparently bears more similarity to pastrami but can be made out of pork or poultry ( or anything else , really ) as well . 
   has she explicitly promised reversal of the constitutional changes that erdogan made ? 
  about the 2017 referendum ? 
  i think that 's kind of implied when you argue that the changes were unconstitutional in the first place . 
  the ones in 2010 referendum ? 
  i 'm not sure , i do n't think so . 
  ( she definitely campaigned against the changes back then though ), 
  [ and the headbang-along one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owbbz59liqo ), 
  i 've heard pastrami being introduced to the us first by armenian immigrants so many times that i did n't even bother checking if that was correct in the first place . 
  turns out , it was a yiddish word borrowed from romanian `` pastrama '' , which itself was derived from turkish `` pastirma '' . 
  is that pastirmali pide ? 
  wait , what ? 
  is n't that a northeastern turkey thing ? 
  i 'd expect similar dishes in georgian or greek ( in immigrant communities ) cuisines . 
  ( plus armenian cuisine maybe , pide is n't much of an armenian thing as far as i know , but pastirma is ) . 
  etymological note here : pastirma ( which , i think where name of this dish is derived from ) , comes from a turkish word meaning ` pressed down ' . 
  ` pastrami ' comes from the same root , though it bears little resemblance . 
  ( pastrami brought to the states by armenian immigrants ) second word i 'm mentioning ; i 'm not sure what language ` pide ' is from , but it 's probably from european origin . 
  compare with greek ` pita ' and italian ` pizza ' . 
  nah , the western coast of turkey 's food is practically the same as greece . 
   in theory , but then you have to collect all that liquid . 
  it 's probably possible , but not practical or economical . 
  it 's not like you can drain it into the river nearby . 
  you know how those million-strong anarcho-liberal rebels pop up in victoria 2 ? 
  odd fact ; the people are commonly referred to as `` rum '' in turkish , derived from the word for romn , while the political entity ( of byzantine empire ) is referred to as `` bizans imparatorlugu '' . 
  and there are a couple more words to refer to greek people ( modern-day greece is called ` yunanistan ' ; for example ) . 
  of all people ; we managed to get this ( kinda ) right . 
   its a joke playing on the recent ban of the word kurdistan . 
  never heard of a recent ban . 
  the official media does n't use the k-word but that 's not a recent thing ( has been going on since as far as i can remember ), 
   how `` independent '' is northern cyprus really ? 
  kinda . 
  the entire country is occupied by the turkish military . 
  a lot of their stuff is integrated in the turkish system . 
  politically , though , things are different . 
  northern cypriot elections are at least claimed to be free and fair , and given the current northern cypriot government was elected on an explicitly anti-turkish platform ( mostly arguing for ` reunification despite the turkish government ' ) , i tend to believe that this is the case . 
  the current round of reunification talks ( the ones that failed ) were not really supported by erdogan government , but somehow tolerated . 
   if turkey did n't aid them in anyway , would they just collapse ? 
  not instantly , but pretty quickly nonetheless . 
  in such a case , i 'd expect there to be a 'em ergency reunification ' with the turkish side being in a very unfavorable position . 
   the ottoman empire held considerable territory in europe not while this guy was in charge ( should be something like 1913-1918 or 19 ) . 
   most got purged a lot , though definitely not enough to say ` most ', 
  well , the wealth taxes were more dorected at jews than christians as they were the wealthy ones plus considering the zeitgeist and did n't cause a mass exodus to europe ( given that it was in 1942 ) . 
  the istanbul pogrom , on the other hand ... 
  the second question , i specifically used that wording ( laws that are compliant with islamic ones ) to essentially describe sharia without using the word sharia ( or at least tried to do that ) . 
  dunno , we should ask those people . 
  the point of view i 'm providing is one of an ordinary turkish person . 
  ok , i 'll get into specifics here . 
  if the question was worded as '' \u015eeriat istiyor musunuz ? '', 
  ( literally `` do you want sharia ? '' ), 
  it is understood as full blown saudi arabia style islamic law and has something like 10 % support . 
  ( literally `` do you want the laws to be made compliant with islamic laws '' ) , i.e. 
  the same thing but without using the s-word which implies saudi arabia style , i 'd expect the support to be significantly higher ( 30-40 % range , possibly even higher , not sure if such a poll already exists though ), 
  it kind of does in turkish . 
  definitely not just a catholic thing . 
  or just a christian thing . 
  more prevalent in catholicism due to whole celibacy thing ( are there any other major religions with celibate priests ? 
  well , the chinese were n't really planning to screw up their own economy ( unlike cultural revolution , which i mentioned in another comment ) , yet it happened anyway . 
  i thought the cultural one was cultural revolution ( which , obviously , was n't so ` forward ' in intent , destroying the old culture and all ) and great leap forward economic ( definitely stupid but had good intentions , backfired horribly and kind of obviously ), 
  i 'll go with turkey but i have n't seen countries with infamous roads . 
  i hear people saying that roads in bulgaria are worse than turkey , but did n't see those in person . 
   * kurds were n't even majority in that area until the last 50 years or so . 
  i 'll need sources . 
  turkish laws explicitly forbid asking about people 's ethnicity and the censuses during ottoman times did n't differentiate beteren muslims ( the eastern provinces were just plurality muslim though ) rest of your points , i mostly agree , but still might not be worth keeping the area . 
  not sure about the 40 % number or how the tourism in the rest of europe fared ( nor do i have sources ) but turkish tourism took a ridiculously large hit last year and that was a major topic in the news . 
  couple of days ago , i was in istanbul airport and i just remembered the fact that this place was the site of two battles last summer , within a month of each other ( one a ` terrorist attack ' , the other the coup ), 
  at least great leap forward was intended to be forward .
