plot twist : this client state is now significantly more democratic than turkey itself . 
  fries are very common in doner sandwiches here , in turkey . 
  in turkey , they are generally referred to as with their sizes in cls , the most common sizes being 50cl and 30cl . 
  70cl and 1liter glasses also exist , though not as common . 
  any glass larger than 1 liter , is comonly referred to as birahi ( yes they actually exist ) , a portmanteau of words bira ( beer ) and surahi ( pitcher ) , so , literally , a pitcher full of beer . 
  the `` young people '' today were at best , toddlers when soviet union went down . 
  so , you 're either trolling or been living in a basement continously telling yourself that soviet union is still alive and kicking , and is a real threat . 
  apparently , it was n't a 16-year old girl , he was a 20-something guy , but he slapped/punched him ( not that clear in the video ) , and there are multiple videos that confirm that . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvq6ytqzbgs ( the original video that surfaced , showing he punched someone , not really clear ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kei-4pej-da&amp;feature=youtu.be ( that 's the second video that shows him clearly showing erdogan punching a guy , and his guards continuing to beat the hell out of that guy ) . 
  there is an interview done in a mainstream tv channel with the guy that was punched , he says he is n't going to litigate against the prime minister about the assault , but he only wants the prime to apologize for the event . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=by8xwuajkxc&amp;feature=youtu.be ( sorry , the video is in turkish ), 
  the ones i can remember in istanbul ; baghdad avenue kennedy avenue french street ( officially renamed algerian street but commonly referred to as its former name ) there are tons more in ankara , though ( including bangabandhu sheikh mujibur rahman avenue , notorious for its unpronuncible name ), 
  it 's generally borek and pogaca ( or maybe acma ) , all pastries . 
  accompanied by lemonade in summer and tea in winter . 
  do the shopkeepers use outrageous exchange rates ? 
  coalitions are nerfed almost out of existence in the last patch , though . 
  same for turks as well . 
  the problem is ; most refugees cross from turkey into greece , and neither side is trying to stop them . 
  for turkey , they say that they 've got enough refugees already ( about 2 million ) , so good riddance . 
  for greece , they know that the refugees wo n't stay there , so they allow the refugees in . 
  the closest one ( meis/megisti ) is about 500 meters away from the turkish coast . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's impossible . 
  in turkish `` apa\u00e7i '' is probably the closest term . 
   the libyan government which one ? 
  finland , finland , finland the country where i quite long to be your mountains so lofty your treetops so tall, 
  well , there are way too many kurds in sweden . 
  i doubt that he 'd act in a way that 'd even marginally help the kurds . 
  he 'd rather make the turkish state build mosques in kosovo , bosnia and germany and pocket some profit from the funds used in building the mosque there . 
  one tut = no multiple tuts = shame !, 
  not a super long word/sentence but an interesting one nonetheless ( in turkish ) `` m\u00fcd\u00fcr m\u00fcd\u00fcr m\u00fcd\u00fcr ? '', 
  - is the manager a manager ? 
  hey , that is similar to turkish o - he/she/it, 
   and the isis twitter accounts are going nuts , declaring war on turkey and threatening with suicide attacks !, 
  with five trucks loaded with explosives , to be more precise . 
   because there was virtually no tea consumption before 1940s . 
  my mom remembers the first time she drank tea , in the 1970s , in a village in eastern thrace ( she also says that for the first couple of years , they had no tea glasses , nor a concept of it , and that they had drunk it from a shared bowl with spoons , like a soup , and that sounds really , really weird ) . 
  it 's really fascinating how quick tea became the most common drink in turkey . 
  turkey has proportional representation though . 
  the d'hondt system slightly benefits the largest parties in constituencies ( in turkey 's case , provinces ) and hdp was the largest party in a lot of areas in the east/southeast while mhp was only the largest party in 1 province . 
  chp was in power between 1923-1950 , 1961-1965 , 1973-1975 , then briefly in 1979 and 1980 . 
  mhp and hdp are , like , impossible to bring together . 
  i think it 's mostly due to heat and moisture . 
  the painting on houses by the sea flakes extremely quickly . 
  like , you repaint it , a month or two later it starts to flake . 
  * sigh *, 
  nope , german uses compound words , so their long words can go on for much longer than turkish ones , who only use suffixes, 
  as a turkish dude , i do n't think about them as long as they do n't hit on me . 
  otherwise , `` bro , do n't , i 'm straight '' . 
  oh , also , i do n't think there 's anything about them marrying . 
  the concept of marriage is completely secular in turkey , so the religious arguments should n't really apply . 
  i 'd go out on a limb and say , either [ tanzimat ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edict_of_g%c3%bclhane ) or the [ young turk revolution ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/young_turk_revolution ) as they were the defining moments of modernization , ( relative ) democratization and the establishment of the turkish national identity . 
  yep , at least after the ottomans `` restored '' hagia sophia it was somewhat good-looking and aesthetically pleasing ( though not better than how it was before ), 
  in turkey , the toilets have integrated bidets ( kind of like japanese toilets , but without all the heat control , drying etc. 
  features , just a simple faucet that is roughly aimed at your asshole ) . 
  so in public bathrooms , you either have squat toilets or toilets with bidets . 
  i 'm a native turkish speaker , and this post is compiled from the entries in `` eksi sozluk '' ( https://eksisozluk.com/mustafa-akinci--967434?nr=true&amp;rf=mustafa%20akinci ) * northern cypriot governmental structure is pretty close to a semi-presidential government , and the parliament is currently controlled by the pro-reunification social democratic parties . 
  * akinci was the leader of tkp ( socialist liberation party ) and one of the major left-wing candidates in this presidential election * one of his major points was , removal of post-invasion settlers and thus , he was very unpopular among the settlers ( about 30 % of the northern cypriot electorate ) . 
  * besides that , akinci is as pro-reunification as it gets , even considered too pro-reunification by the center-left social democrats in turkey ( chp ) . 
  * tdp/tkp ( socialist liberation party/socialist democracy party ) ( the party of akinci ) 's position supports the unilateral retreat of turkish troops in the island . 
  * however , no matter what the government in northern cyprus stand for , unilaterally forcing turkish military out of cyprus is not really a good idea . 
  * no matter how unlikely it is , akinci was the best choice for the northern cypriots for a possible reunification in the future . 
  yeah , shunning totally helped turkey turn pro-eu, 
  well , it 's certainly a better event then when the previous time the polish president was relevant . 
  building the mosque with school funds ( while there is a significant need for student housing ) is what 's wrong . 
  much fewer people would get pissed if it was proposed to build a mosque with donations ( like most new mosques in istanbul ), 
  you mean durmstrang ? 
  and the republic-that-shall-not-be-named, 
  * great raki * shitty-to-mediocre wine * sunflowers * dokuz * sekiz, 
  do n't forget about tekirdag and kirklareli :d, 
  i think you meant to say * r\u00fc\u015fvet * , 
  well , it would just be continuing the circlejerk, 
  i was going to say ankara or yozgat, 
  well , pretty much every democratic country in the world has a similar higher court like that . 
  access to best kebab in the world . 
  all other countries have inferior kebab . 
  shopska salad was invented in the 1960s though , why would you even dispute its origins ? 
   we have historically had an immigration mainly of islamist turkish citizens who fled strict kemalist laicism . 
  this is why akp gets a much higher share of votes among turkish citizens in germany than among turkish citizens in turkey that 's simply not true . 
  the turkish immigrants in germany have mostly arrived in 1960 's as guest workers . 
  their reason for emigration was purely economic and had nothing to do with strict kemalism . 
  pretty much all of these immigrants were uneducated , unskilled workers from rural areas , which can explain the results . 
  the ban on partial results will be lifted in an hour or two . 
  i think that 's a language issue . 
  common english idiom . 
  good luck with that = that 's pretty much impossible . 
  businesses ( especially multinationals ) might ( and do ) use vpn services outside turkey . 
  good luck trying to block that . 
  a lot of people use it for work reasons - a lot of big companies tend to use a vpn and you need to connect to it to work from home . 
  turkey : nope , not a lot ( if we exclude minority languages . 
  i.e kurdish , zazaki , arabic etc. ) . 
  i ca n't even detect where people are from by their accents ( at least only in broad strokes ) unless they are from somewhere with a very distinct accent ( the northeastern coast ) or from thrace ( my native area , but even then , people from the western coast sound similar enough ) . 
  in the end , different turkish accents are very mutually intelligible , even azerbaijani is mostly ok ( however , turkmen is not ) . 
  also , what turkish people speak in northern iraq is even more intelligible for me, 
  the one on the left has a fancy outfit with a tie as if it was a suit . 
  that 's even more bizarre . 
  / r/turkey has gotten bad enough that i stopped even lurking . 
  i still frequent eksisozluk so that 's saying something about the sub . 
  one can only hope :d ( seeriously , she 's pretty hated in the school ), 
  government fucks up even more considering the instructor is being paid for by the government . 
  well , very annoyed if they were using a cloud storage service ( thankfully , at least google drive was unblocked yesterday ) .
