  you know he 's a trained md. 
  you sure you are talking about the tourism thing in turkey ? 
  they are probably not hurting the innocent little guys . 
  little yes , but i 'm going to go with not innocent . 
  the #svihs campaign did n't just came to be on its own . 
  chp did n't get rid of their nationalist wing entirely , but pushed them to the fringe-ish of the party a few years ago . 
  the previous leader of the party was from that wing . 
  fortunately , that wing seems to be literally dying off due to old age . 
  these 18 islands being spoken of are uninhabited ones , disputed because they are an ambigous side note on the treaty of lausanne . 
  i 'm definitely of the opinion that chp is a bit too nationalist than what you expect fron a social democratic party , but they are definitely not a bunch of ultranationalist nutjobs . 
  however , akp gets disturbingly close to that recently ( they were less so a few years ago , trying to appeal to kurds ) and mhp is just one ( they are trying to be the definition of ultranationalist nutjobs ), 
  well , it depends whether they mean turkish as the nationality or turkish the ethnicity , that 's really ambigous . 
  first one is somewhat problematic ( mostly because of the possibility of said ambiguity ) , second one goes deep into nope territory . 
  apparently no . 
  so , the thing is , there was apparently a protest by some grey wolves in front of the dutch consulate . 
  by accident . 
  when they were trying to protest some russian bombings in syria back in 2015 . 
  ( 3 days before the turkish army ended up shooting a russian jet ), 
  probably not a huge thing , but super weird . 
  well , that thing is commonly referred to as the `` kurtulus savasi '' in turkish , which kind of means `` the war of liberation '' ( though not exactly ) . 
  so the `` war of independence '' thing is from the translation . 
  by the way , there was a small part of the war where the two rival governments actually fought . 
  ( well , more like the remaining army basically defected to ankara government and fought a government supporter militia , but that was all the istanbul government had ), 
  wait , there 's an izmir-igdir flight ? 
  how often is it ? 
  wait , does igdir have an airport ? 
  i had a friend who had to visit igdir ( from istanbul ) a couple of years ago . 
  she had to fly to neighboring kars and take a bus from here . 
  so , i 'm guessing that igdir airport opened in the last couple of years but i 'm still surprised that there is an izmir-igdir flight . 
   an independent catalonia would be the mediterranean denmark so , the swedes get to hate them ? 
  well , it was technically unified under the british rule , so ` never previously unified with ' ? 
  well , technically bananas grow in some parts of the country . 
  seagulls definitely . 
  ridiculously cheap doners are generally advertised as ` chicken ' so mammals are generally too different from that . 
  however , most bird species are a good fit . 
  plus maybe reptiles , 
  you ancient , you free . 
  so , at least the gamla bit is close . 
  i do n't think kosovo was lost in the treaty of trianon . 
  but does it matter ? 
  well , being more serious , izmir probably has a more greek vibe these days . 
  the ` legal protection ' is definitely being ignored today , and probably it was ignored quite a lot in the past . 
  the thing is , when your options are building on a forest vs. building on farmland , building on forests do n't make much economic sense . 
  oh ok , feel less surprised now . 
  was n't being serious or anything in my first reply though . 
  it was just a technicality , and that 's it . 
  wait , toblerone was belgian ?!, 
  never knew that , assumed they were swiss originally as they show a swiss mountain in their logo . 
   the whole nestle lot yep , belgian chocolate is infinitely better :d, 
  well technically godiva got bought by turks a few years ago , 
  yep , that was a typo . 
  gwyfwlymhw !!, 
  is more welsh than irish . 
  welsh = no wovels . 
  irish = weird wovels ( by the way , the actual irish counterpart is riamh , the pronunciation is very unintuitive though :d ), 
  trade deals are n't black and white . 
  you leave eu gracefully , you get a trade deal just bad enough to act as a deterrent for other potential eu leavers . 
  you leave kicking and screaming , you get a kicking and screaming treatment . 
  when you 're negotiating trade deals before invoking a50 , you 're not set to leave in 2 years , or any date in the future . 
  iirc , at the end of wwi someone declared an independent republic of a-l , nobody recognized it , then the french forcefully occupied it and awarded it to themselves in the treaty of versailles . 
  about a century ago . 
  not sure when they were overtaken . 
  we might be a couple of years off in both ways . 
  does n't look like one to me . 
  countries are generally feminine in english . 
  if he adressed england as `` boy '' , that would be weirder . 
  well , did n't that ( in reverse ) happen in a-l in 1918/1919 ? 
  not sure about the tanks rolling in bit , that was just after their invention . 
  edit : i was incorrect about the name of the region . 
  should have been elsa\u00df-lothringen, 
  never heard the netherlands being mentioned as a tax haven . 
  might be that you have slightly lower tax rates compared to other european countries . 
  i 'm sorry to break that to you , but ireland is not that big . 
  definitely not tiny but not huge either . 
  its population is 5 million . 
  closer to delaware-level ( 1m ) than uk-level ( 65m ) . 
   austerity is a cheap leftist way to describe proper spending . 
  there 's a problem with that . 
  the proponents of austerity generally call that austerity as well . 
  are they using the cheap leftist description as well ? 
  if we 're looking for definite locations of the twin cities , i think i 'll go for izmir and thessalonica . 
  those cities are almost carbon copies of each other . 
  ok , little bit of trivia : that photo was taken in bakirkoy , a suburb in the western side of the city , so that 's even more european than central istanbul !, 
  the thing you mention in arab ` in intikami - that p should n't turn into a b in writing ( but thst still happens in speech ) because that 's a private name . 
  but we 're probably talking about an at least 50 year old adaptation , so it 's definitely ok . 
  not a conventional terrorist , more of an assassin but the dude that shot the russian ambassador the previous week looked kind of good . 
  there is a small problem , though . 
  the school in question does n't have a ( significant ) german student population . 
  i think that is the case . 
  generally they are divided like criminal code =  civil law , civil code =  common law , but not sure if that is the case in scotland . 
  bus them to border . 
  leave at the border post ( or dump them into the maritsa river , whatever ) , let turkish side of the border handle getting them back in ( or not , whichever you prefer ) . 
  in the end , you do n't need to kill the immigrants to stop the stream . 
  only make things shitty enough that they no longer attempt to cross . 
  edit : another shitty thing to do might be ( very ) temporarily depopulate islands close to the border , and proceed to stop any transportation to/from there . 
  that one is probably too costly ( thinking about lesbos , chios and probably even rhodes ) and inhumane to work though . 
  exactly , there might be a lot of normal french people that support mlp . 
  but there are 0 normal french people who 'll support her to their deaths . 
  you do n't even need to shoot anyone . 
  just pick any that come up on the islands and bus them to the land border .
