  just ended up backfiring massively . 
  and i mean massively, 
  i was thinking about paris as well . 
  but there are enough european cities ( say ; amsterdam , barcelona etc. ), 
  with lively enough atmospheres that the main thing they are lacking is a wealthy clientele . 
  that might be because i 'm not a wealthy banker with no interest in hookers or cocaine , though ( definitely prefer hookups to hookers ) . 
   and an entire financial universe built around and for them , that is definitely a part of the inertia i mentioned . 
   a highly skilled english-speaking workforce , from my experience ( not in finance but rather in engineering ) ; way too many white-collar jobs are english-speaking but not necessarily british . 
  if you 're looking to hire english speakers as not-so-skilled labor , yes uk ( and the anglophone countries in general ) has a huge advantage in that regard , but if you 're looking for highly skilled english-speaking labor , country borders start mattering a lot less . 
   a light and efficient bureaucracy and legislation , possible , i 'm not too experienced with how effective the bureaucracy in various european countries is . 
   a competent administration , i feel like that was sarcasm , not so sure what to reply  endless social and cultural facilities , a cosmopolitan atmosphere ... definitely not exclusive to london, 
  i 'd go with yes on the short term ( barring something really catastrophic happening ) , but probably no on the long one . 
  currently there 's a huge incentive for companies to stay in london : inertia . 
  but over time , i expect many will gradually shift its operations to somewhere within the eu . 
  i do n't exactly get why this is newsworthy . 
  genderless toilets existed in odtu for a while now . 
  i think they were caled `` taso '' here in turkey . 
  turkey in general : kinda , yes . 
  thrace : drinking is pretty much a national sport . 
  definitely retarded . 
   istanbulians istanbulites would be the english term , i guess ? 
  never when sober , though . 
  secular and socially conservative is definitely a bit different from secular and socially liberal . 
  dersim 's case is a bit different from izmir/thrace/whatever though . 
  kinda hard to do without a separate regional identity . 
  occasionally talked about in thrace but definitely not in a serious fashion . 
  well , there 's kirklareli as well , 
  istanbul is also derived from something like \u03c3\u03c4\u03b7\u03bd \u03c0\u03cc\u03bb\u03b7 in greek, 
  i 'm gon na go ahead and make a bunch of general statements about western liberals . 
  i can justify myself making such generalizations as i was raised in a majority-muslim , but kinda secular , society ( turkey , if you ask ) there 's a significant difference between the western liberals and the ` eastern ' ones . 
  some liberals in the west are absolutely fascinated by anything they deem ` oppressed ' by the right wing . 
  kind of like 19th century orientalism , but a new and updated version . 
  still , a fascination with the ` exotic ' . 
  in the west , islam is seen as one of the oppressed things in society ans and the liberals are just in love with it . 
  it can do nothing wrong , and if it does , it 's not true to islam 's roots anyways ( a textbook case of no true scotsman ) . 
  islam preaches peace and tolerance , and finding god within yourself and whatever ( stuff that very explicitly collides with - parts of - the quran - the thing is self-conflicting as shit and throughout history , some vague verses have been interpreted as pretty much anything ) . 
  people who wear the hijab totally do it by their own choice , and definitely are n't literally forced to or more subtly pressured into it . 
  that 's how we get things like feminists , gays , trans people etc. 
  on the opposite side , we get the ` eastern ' liberalism . 
  at least liberalism in countries with a significant muslim population . 
  there , islam is n't seen as an example of the oppressed , it 's seen as the ultimate oppressor . 
  islam has n't really had an exactly peaceful past , so in those places , there 's enough historical evidence to back up the oppressor view . 
  there , we get ` liberal ' or at least ` progressive ' views that are much more hostile to islam . 
  maybe not necessarily to islam , but its extensive effects on politics . 
  in many cases , you actually see liberals and progressives clashing , with the progressive side accusing the liberals of naivet\u00e9 . 
  in my case , the ` progressive ' side is obviously kemalists . 
  you can think more examples ( baathism etc. ), 
  throughout the muslim world , though most are a bit more discredited now . 
  oh , and another thing ; the story with western liberals and islam ? 
  that thing is kind of happening in turkey as well . 
  only replace islam with kurds . 
  the average kurd is definitely more socially conservative than the average turk , yet turkish liberals just keep having that fascination with kurdish culture . 
  for my own views , i 'm a bit more inclined towards the progressive side , as that exact liberal vs. progressive debate happened in turkey about a decade ago , some islamists claiming to have moderates , the liberals ( plus most of the west ) supporting them , kemalists being concerned about the whole thing , liberals accusing kemalists of being prejudiced , and then kemalists being proven correct . 
  so i 'll go and claim that islam is inherently hateful , comparable to the nazi ideology ( even sharing similar antisemitic sentiments ) , and as we ended up eradicating one hateful ideology ( not necessarily a complete eradication , but it 's definitely very far from mainstream ) , we can eradicate another . 
  are we sure ? 
  i remember i had gotten a sim card in italy and one in france while just a tourist ( 5 years ago-ish ) . 
  also , i 've gotten a plan from sweden 3-ish years ago and while i was a resident , nobody asked me anything about my status while getting it . 
  i 'm going to disagree with the title here . 
  sa is nothing like a wolf in sheep 's clothing . 
  it 's very much a wolf in a wolf 's clothing . 
  if , say , a person belonging to a racial minority votes for an explicitly racist party , there are n't too many explanations . 
  were n't there a bunch of conspiratards that claimed that the earthquake was caused by the cia or some shit ? 
  those folks might have blamed the greeks as well , probably . 
  bunch of islets in the aegean that secular nationalists just love to talk about . 
  erdogan already lost territory . 
  he ended disputes on quite a lot of uninhabited islands , which is seen as `` losing territory '' by the people who actually care about territory . 
  erdogan is actually doing decently in large cities . 
  ca n't say that any side is crushing the other one in big cities . 
  well , all those is not necessary . 
  you just eliminate the independent judiciary and proceed to ignore the constitution . 
   no offense but were n't you kinda the bad guys ? 
  only kinda . 
  ( no offense taken obviously  ), 
  cliffs of gallipoli for either turkey or australia , choose one :d, 
  i think it used to be two bishops - one french and one spanish . 
  after the revolution , french just seized any church property ( in addition to the whole `` beheading the king '' bit ) and the church 's `` property '' happened to include a principality in the pyrennees, 
  there was a venetian quarter in byzantine constantinople , but it was n't like galata , the market where the venetian traders were ( should be somewhere between modern day eminonu and suleymaniye ) , and the neighborhood around it was known as the venetian quarter . 
  i 'll continue to do so until `` not being able to browse the internet '' is n't my biggest worry . 
  erdogan - do i need to explain ? 
  not exactly . 
  the referendum was both extremely close and extremely fishy ( the unstamped ballot decision by ysk at 4.30 pm basically destroyed all legitimacy of the referendum ) . 
  for all we know , erdogan just stuffed the ballot boxes in order to win . 
  seriously , this photo has a spelling error ( a pretty common one - sort of like you 're / your in english ) and that word is normally spelled more like `` avrupalilastirabilebildiklerimizden misiniz ? '', 
  as someone with my political views i 'm offended by both labels . 
  take a look at my flair . 
   after all , it 's only legal to watch porn at 18 . 
  that definitely changes by jurisdiction . 
  i do n't think watching porn under 18 is illegal in many places in the world ( i 'm not even sure if it is illegal in turkey ) . 
  selling porn to minors or making minors watch porn would probably be illegal in most . 
  they did n't take your porn away . 
  most porn sites were already blocked in turkey when you hit puberty ( unless you 're a very early bloomer ) . 
  it 's a pretty good example of `` first they came for x '' type of situation . 
  we can try to make wikipedia moderators consider that a fact . 
  i hope they start to see it . 
  well , i have anecdotal evidence for that . 
  at least i ca n't when i turn off my vpn . 
  also , the official site of btk ( the agency responsible for the blocking states that the site is blocked along with a case number etc. ), 
  have you ** ever ** heard of the term * tyranny of the majority * ? 
  i 'm not saying the us and uk are like that , or even that fptp leads to such results , but i have a feeling that you just described what tyranny of the majority is . 
  probably no .
