  and oddly , github being blocked caused all sorts of issues with random websites not working right . 
  bitbucket is fine , i think . 
  the main problem is , a lot of shit ( pip , npm , composer ) depend on github existing . 
  not dropbox , but github . 
  a whole ongoing class work was being conducted on it , now about 80 people are having a collective freakout . 
  the professor thinks that hosting it somewhere else is still risky and self-hosting is not worth the hassle . 
  we 'll be talking about possible vpn solutions next class . 
  yup , blocked . 
  and quite a bit of software is already failing . 
  pastebin has been blocked for the last 2 years or so . 
  i 'm from kirklareli , so , technically , yes ? 
  we 're talking about germany , they have one of the highest ratios of linux users in the world . 
  and if they ask linus torvalds about that , i 'm pretty sure that he would respond by embedding porn into the kernel somewhere . 
  varg vikernes for president !, 
  seriously , that would be a far-right dream come true . 
  otherwise , a lot of pagan black metal singers tend to be white nationalist kind of people . 
  main ideological difference from regular far right is , well , paganism . 
  she should have included the men being topless and wearing leather gloves in the made up story . 
  istanbul is n't even the most liberal turkish city i lived in . 
  not even mebtioning the west coast , have you ever heard about a place called kirklareli ? 
  the as if bit is not really needed . 
  conservative people generally tend to be more intolerant , violent or some shit . 
  well , i 've tried it a couple of times , no hallucinations but i 'm not sure about the authenticity of it . 
  in exchange for some turk to be made greek , yes :d, 
  and ziya gokalp , the father of turkish nationalism was probably ethnically kurdish . 
  dammit , you 're all under the ottomans now . 
  everything is better without nationalism , especially the serbian one . 
  i mean , i do n't see trump winning the republican nomination again , but i can totally see him running for it again . 
  basically , the situation is more similar to trump getting wrecked by hillary , and then running for the republican nomination in 2020 ( well , that 's not an unlikely scenario ), 
  all those ridiculous claims and no finland ? 
  i 'm kinda disappointed with our nationalists . 
  i think the case was that germany banned dual citizenships quite recently , and the people that acquired it before the ban are still dual citizens . 
  the title on the top of the page literally is `` gta iv cheat codes '' ( misspelled ) . 
  you know what would be a bigger fuck you ? 
  invoking article 50 the day after the referendum and then resigning . 
  the us immigration system being kind of xenophobic ? 
  basically ali kemal is the turkish translation of quisling, 
  because we , in general , do n't speak french ? 
  i think it was because of how it was founded . 
  well , he was mostly in syria in eastern front . 
  only half-squatting . 
  like , on one leg, 
  his mustache is nowhere near stalinesque . 
  1/100 tops, 
  is of slavic kebab . 
  no need to remove . 
  for myself , the first one . 
  everyone in my mother 's family identify as turkish even though they speak a slavic language ( practically bulgarian with a bunch of loanwords ) . 
  besides , there should be a lower number of other slavs as well ( in polonezkoy etc ) and i do n't feel any special relation to them . 
  i 'm one ( well , half ) . 
  ama :d, 
  there 's a small slavic minority in turkey ? 
  ( largest one being pomaks , they 're pretty assimilated though ), 
  i 've seen a few decent youtube comments . 
  you 're way overestimating the intelligence of turkish government, 
  those would at least work , but it 's not complete without minarets . 
  northern europeans beg to differ ( at least about food ), 
  i 'm going to go ahead and give you a serious response ; those are functionally too different to convert to a mosque . 
  you need a wide flat area for that , the exact opposite of towers . 
  you ca n't ` break ` out of an if statement . 
   if demographics are destiny in a few years le pen will be president as well . 
  if demographics are destiny , le pen should have been a nobody right now ( and in five years as well ) . 
  well , 4chan is toxic enough so that having them on your side is a liability , not an asset . 
  i seriously did n't see a single mention of 4chan on pro-trump media while it was everywhere on anti-trump one . 
  not really surprising that nobody said salmiakki from finland . 
  on another note ; does semechki count ? 
  last big crisis was probably imia/kardak , about 20 years ago . 
  since then , it 's just the occasional dick waving ( plus syrian refugees ) and stuff . 
  nope , plain nuts . 
  there 's a clear distinction between a lying politician and a nuts one . 
  dictators tend to use enough force to turn protests into riots , though . 
  i expect people to recognize the turkish flag , but i might be wrong . 
  modern usage does n't really refer to any naval rank , though . 
  basically means ` commander ' in turkish . 
  his ` f\u00fchrer ' equivalent , basically . 
  i 'd like to have a word with you . 
  would he technically be a refugee after 1913 ? 
  there 's a bad timing , and a worse one . 
  this one 's definitely on the ` worse ' side . 
  poland is divided in half on the ` plumber ' map . 
  i 'm not sure about the exact location . 
  all i heard was `` should be somewhere around drama '' ( plus the name of the village , but do n't remember the name ) . 
  might be a village to the west of the city as well . 
  turkey is pretty white , though . 
  one of the more ` white ' countries in europe/europe-ish considering there are n't many people of sub-saharan african descent here . 
  the ones in the province of macedonia ( not thrace ) did , apparently . 
  well , my mother 's side ( and just like them , tons of pomaks as well ) are pomaks who happened to live somewhere around drama , greece in the 1920s . 
  their ancestry is disputed ( what 's not disputed in the balkans anyway ? 
  ) , pomak language is pretty much a dialect of bulgarian , and they mainly identify as muslim . 
  they were transferred from greece to turkey in the population exchange . 
  that 's ( plus many other pomak villages around the area ) all the anecdotal evidence i have . 
  it would probably still be erdogan , but in a more roundabout manner ( by somehow getting his sentence lifted retroactively , which happened a year later , after he got elected ), 
  what do the colors mean ? 
  number or percentage ? 
  what 's the source ? 
  i definitely wo n't dispute the trend there , but i doubt that there were many armenians in thrace in 1914 . 
  akp , led by erdogan , got elected in late 2002 but erdogan could n't hold any elected posts ( abdullah gul was the pm then ) . 
  later chp decided that an actual erdogan-led government would collapse in a few months and amended the constitution together with akp ( akp was a few seats short of a 2/3 majority and could n't amend the constitution by themselves ) , allowing erdogan to be elected mp in a by-election . 
  in hindsight , that was not a good idea . 
  i 'll suggest putting bashar al assad into the room as well , in case a medical emergency happens .
