  thats a perfect description of warsaw - absolut lovely this city oh and dont forget the hipster coffeeshops :d, 
  haha , i know that from somewhere :d, 
  tss , its the one with the middle fingers, 
   ar-15 http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6b/m16a1_brimob.jpg that thing ? 
  holy fuck , there is really an ocean between us . 
  2 millions are expected before 2030, 
  so next to braunau ? 
  the first season was on our state tv , so for free , 
  and giant slalom, 
  funny coming from a swede , when most of your conservative politicians are more left than corbin, 
  so can we finally agree on this geography thing ? 
  if german ( and austrian ) politicans who represent around the half population of ce are in favour of quotas , how can you write such an headline . . 
  cyprus , malta are eu members and are forgotten most of the time, 
  ah yeah sure , just forget that albania was cut from the outside world for some decades reigned by `` atheist '' leaders i cant believe you are croatian , how can you be so ignorant of a fellow see country , unbeliveable ... 
  come on , i know they are pretty religious and conservative , but after you know them better you will see bavarians arent that bad . 
  ah yeah , and then , just shoot around ? 
  who would you fight for - the money establishment thats controlling the country and using its stasi like secret services or the southern religious nuts who will make their middle age beliefs into laws . 
  what if you dont like any of the two shits , would you still like to kill and die for something you have no relation too ? 
  / e oh and dont say you will fight for democracy and freedom , you will get sympathies from all over the rest of the world , but in the end both other groups will kill you quicker then you can say usa, 
  ah , the old eu blamearoo - the mightiest eu institution was/is the coucil ( where he is part of ) , all 28 head of states did knew of the problems in italy/greece since when ? 
  2years , 3 years ? 
  this whole crisies is 100 % the fault of the 28 , not some `` bureaucrats '' who dont even have the mandate to do anything in this regard . 
  malcolm in the middle was a eye opener :d, 
  i dont know exactly how lidl works since we dont have much of them here , but aldi/hofer often has only one or two brands of one product and thats the same in all shops ( or in a region for fresh products ) so the numbers give them ofc a huge bargain advantage, 
  that tells a lot about the purpose of your vacation . 
  and its welt , bilds better phrased sister in crime, 
  so stop publicly waving a piece of fabric in respect of your countries history is giving up identity , sry thats bs . 
  dont use flags on political demonstations . 
  maybe the us alpine skiers , percentage wise they are more popular here for sure . 
  bode - you either love or hate him , 
  there are almost no middle eastern refugees in eastern europe , hungary is ce ... 
   come on , are you really that gullible to believe it 's an independent from government decision ? 
  jep that wasnt the first time a train was stopped on the border , it happened before ( with no refugees ) since the hungarians may have a different approach to which number of passengers are safely transportable by train . 
  ? , the economic dependency on the german market happened long before merkel, 
  well in austria the owner of a stock company doesnt intervene in operating business , thats what managers are for . 
  i understand thats a new experience for you , but its 25 years after all , maybe try to learn how a free market works . 
  so you dont like the eu the moment you have to do something you dont like ? 
  sry , but if germany , france , italy , greece , sweden , austria , spain + portugal ( ? ), 
  are in favour of quotas , that sounds like a big amount of people to me - in a democratic process you cant always have your way . 
  don quijote is it you ? 
  funny , i would consider shoplifting , bankrobbery etc. 
  a minor thing compared to your political plans who will destroy the future of two thirds of our population and make them work slaves for the rest ... 
  because that a phrase , how to deport someone without violating other countries sovereignty ( im pretty sure lybia and turkey dont want them back ), 
  its common sense to let italy and greece handle this whole situation alone ? 
  as long as the netherlands doesnt send its army down to south european borders to shoot everyone crossing it , its just some daydreaming approach, 
  wat , op is completly right . 
  yes and your point is ? 
  on the other side he completely shits on media and eu policy the last years , sure there is some prejudice now - how you call into the woods , it will call back we are used to say / e and @ in zentrum : you had the hungarian state secretary , a woman from the un whos interest isnt europe but the wellbeing of refugees , a member of the green party whos on the opposite of the political spectrum and the eu commissioner who only made wage statements . 
  the only one to criticize would be turnher , she was/is biased - but thats how she rolls . 
  ehm , the last time only trucks were checked ( after the 71 dead were found ) , cars moved without any regulation whatsoever . 
   we should take israel 's war against the hamas terrorism as an example . 
  so you are ok if israel starts to support the kurds too ? 
  big $ $ $ loss , after the death of the 71 refugees found in an truck in austria they started to check every truck passing the border from hungary the next day - resulted in an 50km long traffic jam . 
  thats offensive to clowns :(, 
  he can have lines too : = ( just turn them 90 degrees ), 
  chill herst , the cssr guy was just joking, 
  i was browisng ivicas page - he never won a olympic gold ? 
  colour me surprised ... 
  whats the story ? 
   maybe you should stop trying to manipulate people , your are the one spreading wrong information , the uk is only place 18 of 20 in your posted article and you make it look like its one of the main receivers, 
  im only riding rexs and rs tt, 
  germany said it doesnt send syrians back to italy , greece - to help this countries out . 
  til i dont live in europe :(, 
  did you even read the article ? 
  this is about asylum applications , if someone applies in a country he cant move anymore - if he still does the new country will send him back to the first one ( dublin regulation ) the only country that said it will stop doing it is germany but only for syrians . 
  but hey keep your deluded views , everyone wants to come to uk !, 
   i 'm afraid you 're massively oversimplifying things in order to make ( a rather admittedly ) crass point . 
  it was in the same style as the user above him ... 
  have an upvote :d, 
  * [ ... ] * no escape from balkan , ba-ba-balkan , no escape * [ ... ] *, 
  well it was certainly not intentional , if you just want their money and plan to kill them why drive them all they way up to vienna . 
  but ofc the `` unintentinal murder '' isnt the only thing , smuggling , etc will add some years maybe . 
  isnt it bit old , seeing the thick jackets of them and the bikers ? 
  i think you both meant the same thing, 
  die zeit had some nice series about some planned but not realised swiss engineering projects not to long ago, 
  yes its sad you as one of the richest countries on earth have such a inadequate social security net , but thats a national matter , while a basic treatment of asylum seekers is agreed on internationally in the human rights . 
  and if they have to stay in hotels because there arent enough places , well bad planning . 
  this persons are under supervision of the state as long as their case is handled , so the state has to make sure they dont die . 
  i wouldnt call getting food , clothing and a place to sleep while being conscripted a benefit either, 
  can you bring sources to your absurd claims ? 
  in which european country they get benefits , or do you count food , cloths and medical care a benefit ? 
  housing , maybe because we have harsher weather here ? 
  austria takes way more refugees then germany and one of your government parties was pretty was very keen on shutting down the borders and acted very agressively towards austria and now you demand solidarity ? 
  germany should make some apologies before they demand something . 
  no , serbia will join the eu i suppose, 
  you will see in 5-10 years , 
  well , seven times zero = zero , npnp, 
  pff thats engineering not architecture ... 
  i was never on a nude beach , but we have a sauna at home so i have seen most of my family naked as a small boy , including old people , and im not scared when i see a vagina today !, 
  you link to a other site , which pepped the article with some swastikas , the guardian did none of this . . 
  do i have to read an article where they post an eu-swastika flag ? 
  whats wrong with people ? 
  although i might like his brother the [ backhendl ] ( http://www.graztourismus.at/website/var/tmp/image-thumbnails/10000/10773/thumb__boximage/stoffbauer-backhendl.jpeg ) even a bit more , together with a glass of [ gemischter satz ] ( http://cdn1.vienna.at/2014/03/144857_weinglas_im_weingart.jpg ) and im good  ofc . 
  i wouldnt say no to a gulasch and beer ( especially after a rough night ), 
  ehm , i assume you are not familar with [ nipsters ? 
  ] ( http://www.rollingstone.com/culture/news/heil-hipster-the-young-neo-nazis-trying-to-put-a-stylish-face-on-hate-20140623 ) most of the time they are veget-aryans too, 
  ye only romas are unemployed , true magyar masterrace isnt unemployed !, 
  sry to disrupt your circlekerk with facts . 
   big % of those unemployment have no motivation to find work/are doing things againist laws . 
  so much bs , do you have an scientific evidence for this ?
