  and your point is ? 
  oh boy . . just look around : russia : a conservative , nationalistic goverment - attacking neighbour countries and killing intern critics . 
  middle east : a conservative , religous group is slaughtering people left and right - supported by conservative facist states . 
  germany : neo nazis killing migrants and police france : isis member killing journalists and jews, 
  yup and righties just kill everyone with an different opinion . 
  25 % of 15yo are smoking here ( its allowed from 16 on ) , for the whole pop its about 33 % . 
  as for now you can you can smoke everywhere , unless you see a sign which forbids it . 
  its a topic thats in the news from time to time in the last years and there will be a smoke ban this , or the year to come ( for restaurants , bars , official buildings ) like in italy . 
  im personally for this ban , since it makes going out more fun imo - often you can wash your hair twice the next day and dont wear the cloths for a week or so . 
   if the nazis would have treated occupied regions better they could have gotten a ton of local support where would be the point of the invasion/war then been anyways ? 
  lol, 
  an then people always wonder why germans are so russophon . 
   immigrants from all over the world would still come to the uk . 
  thats true , but are they really benefiting ? 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b04xw2x8 , maybe there is some parallel universe where wealth is trickeling down . 
   austrian german haha , 
   would like to :     albanian im curious , why albanian - do you have family ties or do you have concrete plans to work there ? 
  ok , maybe i sounded too harsh , sry . 
  i just wanted to point out that you really cant talk about nationalities back in these times , since peasents struggeled mostly with the same things everywhere ( sure the austrians had more luck because their rulers spoke the same language and mostly had the same religion ), 
  thats some nationalistic bs , this was a time of absolute rulers . 
  austrians were forced to be catholics too , just look the remote mountain villages of carinthia and tyrol , you will find quite some percent of protestants . 
  thats what he said . 
  according to his post , they grow some strong stuff down there in down under ... 
  well tell me some stereotypes ? 
  mby one : my kids room in my parents house is/was in a cellar , 
  yeah , everytime when i write about polish death camps i get downvoted too !, 
  thats a good one , 
  i dont know , i just know that for ( german ) catholics his argument isnt true . 
   i had higher expectations towards the austrian education system . 
  and i had higher expectations towards your ability to take a bit of bantering , but yeah germans ... 
  why ? 
  austrians did marry . 
  oh , didnt know there are differences , thx, 
  i dont have numbers but perecentage wise im pretty sure most of the muslims werent converted through military conquest , but thorugh trade ( ozeania , central africa ) or because they liked it ( mongols who conquered lots of arabian lands ), 
   and if `` starting a big war '' is some kind of a criteria , then there should be no culture in europe . 
  well they didnt started one war , war was basically the prussian culture , my personal compassion with them has a short end . . 
  but the pope on the other hand , and in the light of the 30 years war , i wouldnt call it easy to reinterpreting the bible for a non pope human . 
  / e oh and now that im thinking about it , the `` reading '' ( i dont know the proper word in english - the thing before the gospel where a non priest reads out of the bible ) in austrian catholic churches it usually ends with `` wort des lebendigen gottes '' = word of the alive god . 
  ah and the papacy is a peace pigeon ... 
   i 've always quite liked sputnik news and russia today  - slyratched , moderator of / r/europe , 2015, 
   that just makes my blood boil . 
  gear 2 ? 
  well there is certainly a difference between `` mainland '' europe and the anglocentric countries ( and ireland ) in the rating of oppertunity vs foundations of wellbeing . 
  what would you personally see as more important ? 
  why would you , i do n't think books tastes good . 
   ( whose attitude has been described by saruman as `` crafting the final solution to the mordorian problem '' ) oh my god :d were do i get this book, 
   it 's good that russia wants to help greece . 
  because that means the eurozone does n't have to do it . 
  that would be the end of the eu , why form an union if we cant help ourselfs ... 
   the young ones were always angry , aggressive and even attacked me . 
  can confirm you are absolutly right , im playing dota - yesterday there was one who was feeding and shouting cyka the whole time --  lets bomb the shit out of this country !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  why not ? 
   and the eu is getting too regulatory , adding unnecessary redtape well thats not true , alone through change of national regulations with one eu wide means ~ 29 less ( and that with every regualtion ), 
  atleast for coffee nobody here denies the ottoman roots , maybe because glorious christianity won in vienna ( twice ) :p, 
  labour 95 % libdem 93 % green 90 % conservatives 37 % ukip 24 % / e oh there are more snp 91 % well this wouldnt help me much to decide , but it looks like the british parties fit me better then the austrian ones . 
   ich habe in schwaben gelebt that makes your level of german even more impressive , 
  well thats something i would eat at a restaurant or back home , but never do it myself - so much work , and where store all the oil used for frying o_o but i definitely like it , 
  what cryptic letters do you use to spell letscho ? 
  well the last weeks i came on the flavour of creme soups , i made it with courgette , radishes , asparagus , cauliflower . 
  easy to make : take one of the vegetables from above ( or garlic , carrots - anything you like ) and one or two onions - cut them small and then brown them in your soup bowl with some butter . 
  fill in a vegetable ground soup ( i use water with the powder ) and boil it on high heat till the first bubbles appear , then put the heat down on a low level and put in one cup of whipping cream and slices of white bread or baguette ( brown/black bread makes the soup look disgusting imo - but doesnt taste bad either ) let it cook on low temperature for ~ 20mins , then take a [ hand-held blender ] ( http://www.conrad.at/medias/global/ce/6000_6999/6600/6610/6610/661014_bb_01_fb.eps_1000.jpg ) and mash it - eat it with a big chunk of fresh bread ( thats usual a two day meal for me ), 
  i dont want to offend anyone but the pictures in the `` other sites '' section gave me a chuckle , they look like some random stones piled over another : , 
  thank god i read that , i had already started to answer his/her questions . . 
   a few conspiracy theories about sikorski 's death in 1943 . i read about him in the katyn wiki yesterday and wondered is he related to the sikorski that was supposed to get an top eu job last year ? 
  pretty useless article , but yeah writing counterpiece articles to right sided media is a business model too , wp what lets my sympathy shrink is the behaviour of the greek politicans towards `` us '' small countries ( = there is none ) . 
  it always gives me the feeling `` well if you want to play with the big kids ( france , germany ) then also be responsible as one . 
  i saw the guy in the ss uniform celebrating his job at comcast 4 days ago o_o, 
  well its mostly an austrian/bavarian dialect thing , for standard german your teacher was right , 
  austria as a different high school system . 
  half of our pupils go to high schools with a special focus ( business , engineering , touristic , . . ) which have way less of the usual lectures ( languages , geography , history , . . ) and their specific classes instead and they take one year longer ( 5 instead of 4 years ) - usually 3/4 of these pupils start working after high school . 
  the next thing is , if you going for an job as craftsman , merchant etc. 
  you dont do an highschool . 
  after secondary school you search an apprenticeship position which takes 3-4 years where you work at an company ( you earn not much but your employee also has to learn you something ) and 2-3 month school a year . 
  so ** tl ; dr. : ** a lot of jobs here are done by people who are formally less educated than their counterparts in other countries . 
   my main criticism is that they did n't go far enough to push back against the german school . 
  even if they are right or not , nobody on the ecb is an elected offical . 
  the task of the ecb is to support the euro monetary policy not to take over and lead . 
  and i said it on the last thread with the krugman article too , the current `` austerity '' policiy is favoured by the majority of governments in the eurozone - germany is the loudest voice but it isnt the only one . . 
  yep , there are two possibilities in my eyes , ignore russia and use ukraine and belarus as buffer states ( that would be very selfish ofc ) or if we want to take them in our boat we have to deal with russia ( howsoever ), 
  well i never saw any fin laughing , life must be pretty hard there ( sources : janne ahonen , kimi raikonnen ), 
   lament on how everything is different and ~ ~ austro-hungary / germany ~ ~ the time with good old adi was the best . 
  fyp  but ofc , imo the same goes for all of ce and ( north ) balkan , i get the same vibe everywhere , sure some richer regions have more newer or new renovated houses - but a chinese wo n't see much difference, 
  but the code is just the numbers , the pl here ist the country code , so a austrian egg would have 01at . 
  never saw an 00 egg in any supermarket . 
  well , ours would be the [ 3:2 win at the world cup vs germany in ' 78 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkelfqgq40s ) and maybe the [ nine in a row win at the patscherkofl superg in ' 98 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bj7axu-6spm ), 
  dont explain jokes everyone knows , piefke, 
  he is flying the turkish flag too from time to time , based on his other comments i think he is going for the jimmies , 
  you forgot `` bad at skiing '' , 
  what , macedonians are related to bulgarians ? 
  :o i always thought they were descendants of aleksandr greatski, 
   on the other side their demands are very reasonable . 
  the police officer who murdered a teenager should confess wat ? 
  you find forcing someone to confess a crime is ok , wtf !, 
  every nearly fair justice system allows a suspect to refuse testimony when its bad for him or her . 
  its the states task to charge and speak justice - but not by force !, 
  are you in favour of torture too ? 
  yes , ( maybe i have expressed me not good enough ) but im very in favour of the integration of the rest balkan countries ( and as sooner as better ), 
  well what does he know , i doubt he ( or she ) did ever visit one of the countries . 
  sure there are some problems like corruption , crime ( ? 
  ) , unemployment - but thats far from unsolveable , it just takes time .
