  the problem is every time the eu or one of its members vocal some anti extension opinion you see a slowdonw in reforms and such . 
  ( understandably , noone likes to be played with ), 
  the german sign says `` dumping rubble and snow here is forbidden '' btw . 
   in quite a few countries , sure , i was just talking about hungary here . 
   this does n't change the fact that their culture is not accepting of gays . 
  they still imprison , lash , stone and behead them . 
  thats true for sure , but doesnt change the fact that quite a portion of man like to put their dicks in some other guys ass : http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2007/05/the-kingdom-in-the-closet/305774/, 
  the thing i dont like is that the energy from nuclear is made look cheaper by making other form of energy more expensive ( ie . 
  higher taxes on solar collectors for private households ), 
  well played !, 
  haha , dem germans :d, 
  wasnt this map here already some weeks ago , because for austria its wrong , biggest foreign nationality living here are germans, 
  well germany would be the easiest since not that much would change , maybe one of the other ce countries ( if it werent for their hard ass languages ), 
  hui , i get the lube :d, 
  well so its only a short car ride to goldstrand anymore , 
  oh ofcourse , now im feeling stupid , i just imagined our conservative catholic family , but sure - the role of woman in the society were one of the few things that were defenitly better on the other side of the curtain ( at least when comparing the both germanys ), 
   having more than 2 is considered very weird even for previous generation , now is unheard of . 
  :o dont you have quite a big conservative catholic population group - family , woman at home for children etc. 
  well sometimes i think even countries with sharia law are liberal compared to bayern , it 's always a matter of your viewpoint , 
  wasnt there a german-brazil and a germany-poland thread ? 
  janne ahonen , jarno saarinen ( didnt know him before , but he is mentioned in an new popular austrian movie quite often ), 
  christoph waltz was born in austria, 
  whats mou for ? 
  interesting the genetiv survived , do you use it in speech too or just in writing ? 
  here we have the saying : `` der dativ ist dem genetiv sein tod '' because people tend to not use it in speech anymore, 
  well technically a lot of things like energy , highway , railway , ... are private here to , just the state is 100 % sharholder most of the time . 
  well come to vienna then , there was a public vote two years ago , if public services like drinkwater , sewage , garbage , energy and hospitals should be protected from privatisation - 87 % voted for yes , so they even made a law for it ( sure laws can be changed ;p but its quite safe for the next years i suppose ), 
  yep , pretty good one imo, 
  well why so many dont belive it ? 
  what changed for the main population - one oligarchy for another and the new one gives them some superpower feeling too ... the problem is what has changed for the smaller minorities , and as we know a good country is measured on how it treats its minorities . 
  doesnt have to be a single state but a very close relationship wouldnt be bad to get a heavier voice in european matters , like the v4 but much more serious where the head of states or ministers meet at least every week/2 weeks to coordinate on subjects, 
  but your post is down , so my opinion is right ? 
  nope , it wasnt funny at all maybe it would be a ok post if you had use proper words , but thats  just stupid shit, 
  well thats the definition of nationalism , if you get angry about some foreigner saying the same thing you are saying all the time . 
  well but you forget the most important factor : france , it wasnt germany who stood alone in front and led the eurozone , it was merkozy in 08 , the situtation now only happened because the french pm is to busy with internal problems . 
  and as always the smaller countries are forgotten , but netherlands , belgium , finnland , austria , slovakia , slovenia were also always in favour of the current policiy ( and still are ) - i dont know about the two isle states and the baltics . 
  it was never a german `` dictatorship '', 
   the aca increases regulation considerably , but without providing a functional single payer system . 
  well this does work in a lot of european countries ? 
   not much of a tourist attraction ( in my opinion as a bucharest resident ) . 
  well i go there with my buddies in some weeks any recommendations what to visit and nice restaurants/cafes ? 
  dont go down this road , ... for example the regimes on the arabian peninsula didnt made most of their weaponery themself , so where did they get it ? 
  im joking my terrorist friend , plz dont kill me !, 
  huh , where is the burka ? 
  [ z0r # 5 ] ( http://z0r.de/5 ), 
   with allies like this , who needs enemies ? 
  ukraine gets cheap money from the eu with less obligations then greece , just because their is no military support declaring rest europe as enemys is not fair . 
  and dont forget how ukraine cut off our gas and oil just to strenghten the bargain position against russia , where was the love then ? 
  well here is one of us three http://www.gogorenjska.com/sites/all/files/upload/images/tromeja1.jpg / e actually i dont know if this is a real one ( since there is another more serious looking , with flags and things , on google ) but since im a firefighter too i like this more , 
  http://www.buyandhold.com/bh/en/education/history/2012/collapse.html  chancellor otto ender had the ca ultimately rescued by distributing the enormous share of costs between the republic , the national bank of austria and the rothschild family . 
  nationalization plans advanced by the social democrats were rejected . 
  however , the institute was de facto state-owned after chancellor engelbert dollfu\u00df in 1934 ordered the merger of the institute with the wiener bankverein , thus changing its name to creditanstalt-bankverein . 
  the creditanstalt bankruptcy and its impact in producing a major global banking crisis provided a major propaganda opportunity for adolf hitler and the nazi party : it allowed them to further blame jews for german and international economic and social troubles til : o, 
  as / u/atred said , there is no roma nationality, 
  y mine are immigration numbers ( people who arent born in austria and children born in austria with immigrant parents ) but the relations are the same circa -, 
  yep , source fom [ 2010 ] ( http://www.zukunfteuropa.at/site/7216/default.aspx#a4 ) 1 . germans 213.000 2 . serbia/montenegro/kosovo 207.000 3 . turkey 183.000 4 . 
  its the same in my home village , when they built the sewage ~ 20 years ago , the village decided against water pipes and so every house still has a well . 
   downvote individuals who have the israeli flag lol , posting 10 hours in / r/europe with an israeli flag inc ? 
  have mine +1, 
  well the [ new tax on solar panels ] ( http://budapestbeacon.com/public-policy/experts-criticize-hungarys-new-environmental-tax-on-solar-panels/ ) will certanly help to make it look cheaper, 
  cozy conservative, 
  maybe you should get sober before posting here ? 
  so enlightened one , show me where nemtsov was flocking the masses to an amount which would came even near to be an threat to the russian leadership ? 
  why dont you leave the eu then and cuddle up with you nato friends ? 
  srsly the nato is the bane of european integreation , as long as everyone can deal with everything on a national level the eu wont develope, 
  no escape ... 
  that are just 2 meals on one plate , but hey 10/10 would eat, 
  whats holding you back to go and live there now ? 
  they have a limit of free articles you can read per day . 
  thankfully we now know that all this tax optimizers and evaders did sail to panama with their bags full of 500 notes to undertake their transactions an it will be a big blow to them if we manage to get rid of it . 
  breivik , paris , brussels , nsu , ... when was the last time left wing extremists killed as many people in europe ? 
  compared to other countries , compared to themselfs twenty years ago there are certainly more right ( at least in an economic sense ), 
  german conservatives ( especially in the southern german states and austria ) are way greener then european counterparts ( see anti-ttip , stuttgart21 , gm food , ... ) for a long time now and the nuclear stop move was her following her voter base - a guy like baw\u00fcs kretschmann could easily be in the cdu . 
  if you talk about the minimum wage you have to talk about agenda 2010 first , which put a big amount of people outside of the traditional social partnership employments - in a german context the minimum wage was only a small step back ( german wages did rise the least in all of europe over the last 10 years ) and certainly no leftist overreach . 
  i searched for vienna-krakow , its five hours when taking the bus from ostrava onwards or nearly seven hours with a second train from katowice . 
  no wonder so many people take the busses all the way ... 
  haha :d, 
  yeah that wonderful aid that surely doesnt run back to european comapnies 1:1 ... 
  so nice match for you later on today eh ? 
  or the youtube archives . 
  alpine skiing and biathlon are much more interesting anyways :p / e jesus guys , i was joking ... 
  here in ( eastern ) austria its defenitely a thing . 
  / e oh no , what an unfortunate mistake , my mouse finger slipped, 
  what the f. . ? 
   literally everything the uk does n't like could trigger another referendum . 
  if the british people want to be able to have the final say on everything then they should leave as is their right but if they want to be part of the eu then they ca n't expect to be given anything more than their fair democratic share of the vote , that share being x % as of 2012 . well put , 
  from the models i know it usually just a `` fence '', 
   i mean its not exactly civilised to cheer a burning building , but its just a building . 
  rly ? 
  thats really naiv - srsly fuck this assholes !, 
  im a firefighter too and a burning house is no joke - we have to go in to check if there ar really no people inside , this house was supposed to house refugees so maybe there were some building activities going on - what if there are some gas bottles nobody knows of ? 
  then you have to make sure the houses next to it dont start to burn ( you can read in the article it was hard because of strong winds ) just because someone isnt ok with political decisions , he puts the life of my comrades and the property of others at risk ? 
  / e here a video of an flashover at a burning roof https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zk-oj3dru7s , being in that basket up there without any possibility to hide is not fun ... 
   great job guys , thanks for making the world a more dangerous place for europeans . 
  yeah buhuu terror attacks , if you are really want to make europe a safer place ban all cars then - cars ( and their drivers ) kill way more people every day and also accelerate climate chance . 
  oh and btw you also would stop founding facist like states like saudi arabia , uae , iran , irak and controversial ones like russia . 
  or we stop selling weapons there , its not like they can eat their money and shit weapons afterwards ... 
   when they lose an argument they always come up with ` but they build roads ' rly ? 
  haha , we know this here too : `` not everything was bad under hitler - he built the autobahn ! '', 
  to bad ?
