why did ah didnt attack italy then , since a italian killed the empress sisi who was higher in court then franz ferdinand ? 
  but even if this was legit reason to start a war , with our historic data we know today that this war was just about money and influence on the balkans , eastern europe and most of all the middle east - the murder was just an official excuse . 
   implying that serbia was the victim in ww1 is asinine and shows a marked lack of knowledge of your own history . 
  im sorry , but what ? 
  serbia was the victim , just because some individual group killed the heir doesnt mean you can attack a whole country . 
  ah was the agressor and payed for it . 
  would you say he is deserving the working class votes , like does he improve their lives with health care , education , pensions , working conditions , . . or is he sacking them with religious , nationalistic feelings . 
  in our media you actually never hear any positions on this things , its always about religion or the kurdish conflict . 
  but you insulted his mother not him ? 
  and yeah , someone with an different opinion - punch him in his face !, 
  i actually meant that most european countries are social democracies and that includes a form of socialist idiology i do see a lot of douches trying to tell everyone that privatisation and free market ( like there is something like a free market ) will make everything cheaper and better and it would be the best if there are no regulations , restrictions , . . whatsoever, 
   i dislike all forms of statist and socialist ideologies must be quite hard for you in europe then ? 
  and maybe you can answer without insulting his mother ? 
  yeah inside br\u00fcssel , i think there wasnt one this week - usually you can watch the vod for seven days @tvthek . orf.at, 
  the state owned television orf is pretty neutral , even a bit more pro eu ( imo ) . 
  they also have a weekly discussion show in brussels where journalists and sometimes meps ( who are able to talk in german ) talk about actual topics for an hour , but sadly its only aired on the 3rd channel which dont get a lot of viewers . 
  haha , with his pot plants behind him . 
  yes it would become unpopular , but to that extend that people would go protesting on the streets and they have to take it back ? 
  maybe im too pesimistic based on our politics here but i cant see that happen , 
  but if the eu decides that this is discrimination , they will lift the car tax subtraction but the toll stays ... 
  thats the sad thing . 
  lol , i didnt even know that exists , on the other side there is a lot of otto wagner stuff all over the city, 
   maybe they thought i was a gypsy ? 
  :d black guy + public transport station = drug dealer thats a widespread belief down here in the conservative south ( bavaria + austria ) , sry :(, 
   * or you dont know how to use condoms ? 
  oh my gawd , burn them !, 
  no , that 's what we have germans for . 
  http://www.sueddeutsche.de/wirtschaft/kosten-der-wiedervereinigung-ein-euro-fuer-drei-stunden-lebenszeit-1.2175043 [ german ] a rough translation : most of the money from west to east went into social care and there especially into pensions , since ( according to the study ) in the gdr the health care system focused mainly on the younger , working people . 
  so older people had it harder compared to the west and profited the most from the new established western social care system . 
  the life expectancy in 1989 were two and a half year higher in the west , in 2000 it was about one year and in 2011 it was equal . 
  together with an overall rise , east german women now live 6,3 years longer and east german men even 7,4 years . 
  there are no exact numbers in the article and as far as i know there are no official numbers , just different calculations on how much money the wiedervereinigung had cost . 
  i think they just took the amount they think is right and calculated the before mentioned 1 $ / 3hours, 
   another thing to circle-jerk over ? 
  sounds reasonable enough to me , 
   it 's a joke . 
  so was mine :(, 
  not very long ago i read an article in the sueddeutsche about a study from the berlin max planck institute about the money transfer from west to east germany - tl ; dr every 1 $ transfered bought 3 lifehours for an east german citizen small price if you ask me !, 
  hows your day ? 
  shot any unarmed black youths today ? 
  sudentendeutscher detected ? 
  oh ok , thank you !, 
  well played :d, 
  but is it a rebate ? 
  some countries payed too much some too less based on an calculation which was agreed on by all member states , thats not a rebate in my eyes . 
   but did n't people define themselves as slovene and croat before the countries were even created ? 
  there are some really interesting books/articles on how nationalism actually didnt really excist in the ah empire until the last some decades - among the common folk . 
  they usually identfied with their region and/or being part of the empire the concept of nationalism followed by ethnic tensions was mostly implemented by the higher ups who used it for their games ( win on influance , etc. . ) / e this was the / r/askhistorians thread were i read about it http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/1pkh5j/could_you_recommend_literature_about_the/, 
  sry , i was inaccurate , its only for health insurance here too . 
  as long as there is a strong nato there will be a weak eu ( foreign policy ) . 
   receive yearly confirmation from the social security office here you get a yearly bill on how much the system spent on you ( doctors , ambulance , ... ) ^ ^, 
  a bit offtopic but since january 2014 you can have a look at your pension account ( in austria ) and see how much you would get - never tried it myself since im not working fulltime atm , but just visit the hompage of your social insurance company, 
  what is meant by foreign , investments from outside the region or outside of europe ? 
  green banana   blue banana , 
  definitely australien , and coming here to take our jobs ... 
  being not turkish apparently , 
  do we talk about caps per year here ? 
  but dont you see a difference between deaths through terrorist attacks , and death of civilians due the use of reckless weapons by your own government ? 
  can you elaborate ? 
  holy f * that austria looks ugly , like it skipped its leg days :d, 
   and the best thing is to ignore them as much as possible and not fall to their level . 
  just ignoring wouldnt be good , our democratic socities must step up and protect their minorities . 
  the viennese police actually reacted quick and brought up some hundred policemen to split the two groups and ofcourse in newspaper commentaries you can read rants about the costs , or that they should have let them fight etc. 
  but in my opinion this is important that a democratic society is protecting its minorities, 
  i wouldnt call it hating when its clear thats southern europeans arent on the same level as we \u00fcbermenschen !, 
  the difference between us is you are ranting on whole countries and their inhabitants and im just insulting you personally because i cant stand that hatred . 
  and its not my opinion , this are facts ( at least the first part ) , you are just soley blaming germany when in fact a majority ( with france and germany at the front ) in the eurozone established this certain policy . 
  and now there are voices against it ( sure they may be right ) but nobody is acting , thats is why germany still is taking the lead . 
  what was the racist part with draghi ? 
  i just reminded you that one of the most important positions in the eurozone is hold by an italian banker . 
  ok true that , but back then it was still merkel/sarkozy , not merkel alone . 
   why the hell are we listening to these guys ? 
  italy + spain + france = 35.7 % did you sleep under a rock ? 
  maybe because not long ago both france and italy hat both leaders in favour of austerity , just because they made a 180 turn doesnt mean the european politics can follow as quick . 
  also take a sharp look on your 10 euro note , that name there doesnt sound too german to me . 
  and as you maybe know we are in the middle of a change of the commission so ofcourse there is a power vacuum at the moment , and to top that the party which is strongly in favour of austerity won the parliament vote . 
  nobody asked ther germans to take the lead , it was always the sarkozy/merkel duo which lead because they are the biggest countries and no one other really cared . 
  if other politicans really would care why arent they forming a coalition against german policy , because its easier to sit at home and hate via media . 
  i cant remember any southern european pm come to vienna to talk to our chancellor about a anti austerity coallition , and that would be easy since austria doesnt have a own line , we just follow the opinion leader . 
  if enough countries would propose a other kind of policiy merkel couldnt do shit . 
  and its not like all the countries are one homogen block and everyone favours their current political direction , so pls go and put your racist shit somewhere else and take your friend 4ringcircus with his latent germanhate with you ... 
  im sorry for my quick prejudice !, 
  then the economist is wrong here ( or its just on purpose ) - every european has been exposed to socialism , our worker rights , universal healthcare - the welfare states overall , everything imposed by socialist movements . 
  why dont write communist regime , or stalinist regime ? 
   socialism . . you should stop binge watching fox news, 
  i see your point , but to stress a bit of an older example i would take the spanish civil war , the republican side took all kind of people , gave them a `` basic '' war training and sent them to fight . 
  i can imagine that could happen in kurdish areas too . 
  im under the impression you dont agree with him , so do you have proof that mr. putin isnt telling us the truth ? 
  where is the schnitzel ? 
  no to forget that the parents fled from war , left home so their kids can grow up in peace ... 
  especially if you look back in our history , how many 15 and 16 year olds died in the last months of the war , a lot of them willingly fighting for the f\u00fchrer , because they were so indoctrinated by the nazi idiology . 
  this would be a chance for our country to show how it ( hopefully ) has grown from the past . 
  what happened to the politican who showed herself in little to no clothes on her election posters , did she got some votes ? 
   there is no real reason that makes sense . 
  serbs started a war , lost it and now are not allowed to reunite all their territories - thats how the world runs , happened to the best of us , get over it ffs . 
   only holocaust exist in media coverage anywhere in western world . 
  thats not true , at least for germany/austria - we do learn/hear a lot about all crimes done by our nations . 
   russians & co move to germany , like it there and keep low profile maybe gay culture isnt bad after all . 
  built in time , no cost explosion - well played \u00f6bb, 
  you get croatia and we slovenia + triest , deal ?
