  would go for washington too : valve , curt cobain , nice weather, 
   so as my home boy said nice , where do you keep him ? 
  unfortunately i had to buy voice locked cellar doors for mine , rascals, 
  ah skytower , had an uni lecture about it, 
  and still they pwned us in football :d, 
  very nice , so much homosex in glorious yurop, 
  if you like watching building misstakes , this site is gold http://dwg.ru/bsk/ , 
  surprise anschluss ? 
  actually my hometown in lower austria was founded by slavs , am i a historical pole now ? 
  brb eating an apple, 
  lost in a war that was started by ah you mean ? 
   in a similar vein , i asked him to find out if it was taboo to do an expansion on a house and call the expansion more `` lebensraum '' . 
  apparently that is ok i would call that wohnraum anyways, 
  but banning us or british fruit imports would have near to zero effects, 
  this guy is just a pervert, 
  whats the british one ? 
  that was a good one , 
   those who think jobbik is for pussies and should be more radical lol wat ? 
  achwo , bomber harris superstar . 
  btw whats up with that death sentence whishes today ? 
  nope , no death sentence in our civilized world, 
   i 'm 1.95 m !, 
  poland masterrace confirmed, 
  yes , the ( mostly peaceful ) anti-israel demonstrations in austria last week were oragnized by akp near groups and more than half of the flags were turkish ones , you also can see a turkish flag here . 
  flags , outside of sport or official events are usually only used by far right groups here , so this creates displeasement among alot of folks . 
  so in my opinion , these akp near groups only use these rallys to mobilize their voters for the upcoming election for the turkish president and dont care much about the gaza conflict at all . 
  so they create tension in our country for their political sucess and this attack on the football players is a side effect of it . 
  the nazi plan was to get rid of nearly all the slav population ( not only russians ) in the east and keep the rest till there is enough german population to keep the agriculture going . 
  sry but that was on a whole different ( worse ) level, 
  like minions when their hivequeen tayip is calling :(, 
  talk with russia and the west yes , but poroshenko never wanted/allowed separatists in the meetings, 
  that reminds me of a other one : `` unwissenheit sch\u00fctzt vor strafe nicht '' - ignorance is no excuse in law latin background `` ignorantia legis non excusat '' sometimes also dummheit instead = foolishness, 
  was der bauer net kennt , frisst er net - the farmer wont eat something he dont know . 
  used when someone is picky with food einem geschenkten gaul schaut man nicht ins maul - you dont look into the mouth of an horse which was giftet to you . 
  usually told to little children who hurt themself ( not badly ) and cry, 
  travel warning for uk incoming ? 
  grussgott haha nice i love it if i undertsand words in a foreign text :d ( its gr\u00fc\u00dfgott btw ), 
  yeah because it will trickle down !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  woot ? 
  why , i mean there a lot of spying in vienna for sure ( opec , uno , . . ) but austria itself ? 
  you also could monitor sacks of rice in china . . 
  oh come on , romania was in the british headlines for quite a while now :p, 
  i always thought you curse a lot - i saw this documentary once , new kids or so it was called ? 
   the evil-looking thick ones , where water is evaporating  in most cases their shell isnt thicker then 20-30cm , i was suprised when i saw one while it was built, 
   get a coastline by asking your neighbours friendly ? 
  sway germoney into a new war and hope they will have their shit together this time ... 
  its gas ( afaik ), 
   pretty sure i can defend myself pretty well with mustard gas . 
  lol you made some shopping tour to syria in the last time ? 
   `` i hate ze jew more than you , you zionist compared to how much i hate ze jew ! '', 
  spilled my coffee , thx :d, 
  wow , maybe cause there are so less people ( or too much wine :  ), 
  they know it first hand , 
  can you explain the squatting thing to me pls ? 
  why ? 
  we dont want nuclear energy and fracking , we dont have coal , water is pretty much exhausted ( without destroying the landscape big time ) - how we should get our energy ? 
  sure invest more in `` green energy '' but the one party who is in favour of that ( greens ) wont come to power in the near future . 
  and yes we are a union but still all our economies are competing hardcore against each other and the ones with cheaper energy have an advantage . 
  and if we wait 2-3 years until relations to russia are better ( maybe ) , will someone help us for these years where we had an disatvantage ? 
  look at greece , their industry couldnt compete with ours , germanys etc did anyone help them ? 
  no , they were forced to cut down their welfare system . 
  i would love to have an united states of europe anyday but until then i like my job and my standard of living too and wouldnt mind cheaper heating costs . 
  i see the point regarding non jewish casulties , since the nazi idiology were pretty random for slaves , after an anschluss they would tell you something like poles have 2/3 aryan roots np but i dont see how jewish poles and other minorities could have been saved ? 
  i would like that , seems like an reasonable down to earth guy, 
  im completely with you , stupid people are just too stupid - they should be sterilised too and in best case put into camps together with gays , people with special needs and hey why not jews too gj !, 
  education seriously ? 
  nice misspelling on the guys head its `` hei\u00dft '' with '' \u00df '' or if you use capitals or a font where you dont have it you can write heiszt too, 
  why that , just curious ? 
  but slovenia was never a soviet state ? 
  ( and i didnt want to offend you ), 
  i like your humor , upvote :d, 
  are you american ? 
  :d i suppose you meant slovakia, 
  outch, 
  why is slovenia annoying ? 
  he would maybe , but after losing his eyesight by the water cannon his chances will fall imo . 
  afaik ( this can be bullshit too ) since light has a constant speed such telecops are like a time machine , you can see things so far away that the light from it had started millions of years before . 
  and if you can see the creation or the end of earth alike planets , stars , whatever you can learn things that helps to understand the earth better, 
  germany got the needed labour , turkish immigrants got jobs , the chance for their children to step up ( higher education , better jobs ) and they will get a solid pension now . 
  it was and is a win/win situation for both sides , but pls stop this '' ... worked hard for the country '' , '' ... done your service for the country , '' thats some pretty nationalistic bullshit . 
  rly , heard that the first time , which ones ? 
  cant see why this would be a miserable mental state ? 
   wanted to turn half of europe into slaves when i see the woman walking through warsaw , i want my children to be slavs too !, 
  actually its very kind of you , but if ever something wrong is going to happen to austria our eastern friends will free us gladly again as in '45 http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_biovwnmuq-q/ti2oz7oex2i/aaaaaaaaadu/w1h2ix9bplo/s1600/vienna+025.jpg, 
  you are defendig us lol , from whom ? 
  as far as i can remember we started 2 out of 2 world wars . 
   imperialist fucks well said sir, 
  iron ? 
  lucky you its no oil ... 
  the reworked new ones look even better, 
  i think you are missing the point - conscription in israel is 36 month ( iirc ) for boys , so i assume thats why he was sarcastic about the 8 month, 
  sneering ? 
  is that a austrian thing , didnt know that ? 
  in my opinion the greens are sociopolitical left but economic wise they are quite bourgeois, 
   the fp\u00d6 started out as a classic liberal party but its right wing discovered that they could get a lot more votes if they turned to xenophobia and populism . 
  thats just not true . 
  when the party was founded after wwii , there were so much nazis in there ( ss guys , higher ups , ... ) they were as far away from a classic liberal party as possible . 
  sure in 80s there was a liberal movement within the party , but after they got out and founded the `` liberales forum '' the fp\u00f6 was quick back at being as conservative and nationalistic as anyone can be . 
  as i wrote , they are usually conservative , some are nationlistic and few are real nazis . 
  maybe i can bring some light into it ( im not connect to any of the groups in the pictures so this are only my personal assumptions ) in the austrian parliament are 5 groups ( socialists , conservatives , rightwing , greens and liberals ) .
