  by some for sure, 
  whats with bosnia then , there the majority are muslims , but they are as european as austrians or latvians are ? 
  i would go with [ bruno kreisky ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bruno_kreisky ) for austria , he was chancellor for 13 years and member of the social democratic party . 
  his interior policy is viewed very different by the parties today - a famous comment during a election campaign was that he would rather get the state depts up then see people become unemployed . 
  while you can critizise his economic views , he had without a doubt a big impact on improvement for working conditions , the overall standard of living , woman rights as well as programms to allow children out of `` lower classes '' reach higher education . 
  also his commitment in the israeli-palestinian conflict was more or less the last time austria did play a role in world politics ( looking back in history this may be not to bad after all ), 
  i was klicking you sub prepared to see some glorious european culture when suddenly : hangover i - iii , haha , 
  you dont like bikes in poland ? 
  isnt northern wald - und weinviertel kind of a death spot too ? 
   and as weather moves from west to east i can call my mom and tell `` snowstorm here , take care tomorrow '' . 
   i do n't really know , in france we only seem to have the awful ones . 
  ehm , maybe because you dont see the ones who intigrate well , have a job , follow their daily live ... and the next point is that even the liberal media in europe does have a black spot regarding roma , so ofcourse the bad things will always be most prominent i find your comment pretty racist . 
   but they could still be very corrupt too . 
  sadly , that doesnt stop at the ex-yu border ... 
  are there any benefits for non-estonians who do not business in estonia , apart from the honor of being e-estonian ofc ? 
  but most states have different regulations , so you cant compare examples from us states to european ones , in my opinion . 
  its like the last time with the amazon vs german unions thread , a lot users with us-flair defended amazon because ( i think ) they were not aware that the retail sector has a different classifictation in germany . 
  one thing that would apply for my country is , that even if that trick with the limo service is ok - if you dont register a company and stay low profile ( no accidents ) you dont have to pay taxes ever because there is no chance you will have an check by an finacial authority as a private person ( there has to be a lot of bad luck included ) its like this taxi buses in a lot south-eastern , mediterran countries , where you hop in ( while they are still driving :p ) and you give the money to the driver - if you dont get a ticket its usually of record . 
  the fuck ? 
  pope francis was chosen by the will of god , how can you a mere human being be in doubt about gods decision ? 
  there was an polit-talk about the defense cuts in austria in orf2 yesterday . 
  one guest was albert alexander stahel ( milit\u00e4rstratege , universit\u00e4t z\u00fcrich ) who called maurer an idiot ( sic ! ), 
  and that they ( a unknwon group ) will get him out of his job soon . 
  to me , he sounded like a war maniac ... 
  if a state decide to regulate a certain sector so that comapnies have to pay licenes fees to the state , aquire insurances for the passengers , register their company ( and sign up the employees ) and if now a new competitor comes and dont follow any of this rules its just not a fair market anymore . 
  if their sucess would rely only on their innovative concept , then there would be no problem . 
  europe is way better than murica in esport . . 
  http://tvthek.orf.at ( including orf 1 , 2 , 3 and sport + ) they safe vods for one week , but i dont know if you can watch with foreign proxy ,, 
   we 're spending enough right now , because i think the amount of money is not the problem , but how it is spent . 
  absolutly , maybe the financial cuts at the moment help to tighten up the structure so future money is better spent . 
  when you hear the voices that criticize ( exept for military personal maybe ) it isnt about defending or safty , they are angry because of work places and the military music . 
  in the zib2 yesterday the moderator said that the tyrolian governor proposed that they could buy an helicopter and lend it to the \u00d6bh - maybe the countries just get to much money and the \u00d6bh to less ? 
  isnt this 2 % a nato thing , or is this a suggestion from the eu for its member states too ? 
  in my opinion the problem here is the nato : while of course i can understand the importance of the nato for our eastern countires , especially with threatening russia at your borders . 
  but as long as there is this strong nato prensence there wont be a common european defence policy , because the state leader can reach nearly the same goals without losing any power . 
  you can be in favour of giving up some souverenty of your single state or not , but as long as some eu institution ( commisson or parliament ) dont get any desicion power from the states there wont be a common policy - if you like this or not its up to you . 
  very nice , i listen to a lot of them lately , especially [ bubamara ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qg44qksbsdq ) although i dont understand a word :p also shantel would fit somehow in this categorie [ disko partizani ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gviaoygv8yi ) and my favourite [ citizen of planet paprika ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zg7m9j4akom ), 
   there is not a significant economist anymore who says that austerity can work . 
  i meant politicans  the people of france and italy do n't think it works . 
  thats not true , you could say a majority but not all . 
  even one of the figureheads of the actual european politics - mario draghi is italian . 
   but by doing `` nothing much '' , he has kept spending not much lower than before , thus sidestepping the crippling austerity that other countries implemented . 
  and this is a prospect for europe ? 
  do nothing and watch ? 
  as long as austerity opponents dont form a coalition and bring up better plans there wont change much - thats the cold truth . 
  the conservatives have a majority in the european parlament , the european council and they also have the lead in the commission ... 
   because at the time people thought it could work , it clear is not working , so we must change , anything else is just stubbornness . 
  there are still enough who think its works , and its not german politicans alone , they are backed up by conservative politicans all over europe . 
  and on the other hand socialists are only talk and dont give other oppertunities - thats why its an easy game for the austerity supporters . 
  i had the chance to watch him live this summer - seeing him dancing on the stage just gives you a happy feeling !, 
  chemical brothers - [ galvanize ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xu3ftemn-eg ), 
   austerity does not work im here with you , but are some tax changes or `` doing nothing much '' like the poster above mentioned enough ? 
  i just dont see any real plan . 
  yes sure , but that doesnt change that now the evp , which is mostly pro austerity , is now again the strongest group in brussels . 
  where was italy the last 10 years ? 
  if your country elects leaders who dont care about europe and thus a major power in europe never raises its voice you dont have to complain about european politics . 
  the austerity train was started by germany and france and no other major european country did step up against them and now all are complaining ... 
  i think you need to give the people some time . . 
  i like it , the v4 + slovenia and austria sounds fine for me , 
  can anyone tell me what hollande has done ? 
  except some populist moves like rent cap and rich tax ? 
  what is his `` anti austerity policy '' ? 
  what are his socialist reforms ? 
  / e maybe the guys who downvote could also pls be so kind and give an answer ? 
  but not long ago the majority of europeans voted conservative and conservative means austerity , just look how moscovici was forced to swear an oath to austerity today to please the evp . 
  shame on me , my inner german took the lead ~ . ~, 
  [ operation valkyrie ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_valkyrie ) - there was even a hollywood movie with tom cruise about it not to long ago, 
  this and a lot of other articles are mostly about the chlorine , but isnt the real problem here the fact that chlorine has to be used ? 
   and when i do , i let them know in the header that it 's not urgent . 
  but they will read it and think about it - some longer , some shorter, 
  i know beauty is a subjective feeling but not including one out off menns or maillarts swiss bridges is a crime out of an engineering point of view . 
   sheep fucking can be loud . 
  my inner 12yo fixed your post , 
   i am merely saying 2/3 of croatians voted to constitutionally exclude marriage for gay people and i quoted the article in the very link . 
  yes , but you should accept that the croation government passed laws that give gay couples rights on the level as other central european countries . 
  and in my opinion thats a very good move - in demoracties the right of minorities should be protected even if a majority is against them . 
  and i think its unfair to solely hate on croatia when others like germany , austria , dont have better laws too . . 
   two hands !, 
  i wouldnt be so sure, 
  i wont deny that there are lot of racist fucks , but i dont think someone will kick your ass . 
  what kind of work are you looking for ? 
   what we are opposed to is a blanket advance agreement . 
  i understand that and im clearly oppose the investment protection clause ( from what i read - true or not ) myself . 
  i just wanted to point out that arbitration is widely used for a long time and also helped our export economies . 
   i think the ordinary judiciaries in the european union are trustworthy enough i wouldnt sign that , in the end the courts serve the people of their country, 
  but if a government gives a 30 year contract to a company and decides to shut down the powerplants two years after - why shouldnt the company dont have the right to sue the state . 
  ok i see that , but the thing is the parliament doesnt have its own opinion ( at least the majority of it ) the government decides the line and the sheeps follow . 
  and i promise you , if the big eu players ( germany , france , . . ) give their ok our government will follow . 
  while im not opposed to the ttip per se , there are a lot crude things which were also topic yesterday , like which organisations could view the papers , usually only government linked ones and ofc the industriellenvereinigung ( in my opinion some of the biggest shitheads who walk under the austrian sun ), 
  was this the first debate you watched yesterday ? 
  if every promise of the government would be true , milk and honey would come out of my tab, 
  there are fixed rules for arbitration [ like from the icc ] ( http://www.iccwbo.org/products-and-services/arbitration-and-adr/ ) or the [ hamburg chamber of comerce ] ( http://www.dispute-resolution-hamburg.com/institutions/court-of-arbitration-chamber-of-commerce/ ) and the conctract parties will agree on one . 
   the whole point of a private court is to circumvent public legal procedure . 
  to say thats the whole point would not be true , but sure its a advantage for companies, 
  sure they do , especially in an export oriented country like yours . 
  no german company would ship any machine to an other country without an arbitration clause in the contract ( its much quicker and in some countries the courts wont treat you fair ) a lot of countries ( or their chambers of commerce ) have their own rules which could be agreed onto in the contract, 
  in austria you just have to find the right ( lal ) [ cellar ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/kultur/kino/nazi-keller-im-burgenland-ulrich-seidl-verteidigt-film-gegen-oevp-ler-a-993251.html ) ( not with soviet symbol ofc ), 
  since this was a very short interview they only talked about implementing reforms but no details about what he want to do - so can someone explain a little more in detail what renzis plans regarding the labour market for example are , and whats the unions stand on this , since he said he wouldnt make compromises with them ? 
  his english isnt to bad considering he was a local politican not long ago , our chancellor wouldnt be able to do an interview like that . . 
  i know a village named fucking,
