  since you usually vote for parties only , they can put whomever they want on their lists . 
  so a high percentage of members of the conservatives and the rightwing are part of some corps . 
  but not only there , top jobs within the public administration , justice , police , etc. 
  which is ofcourse one of the reasons why you would join such a group - the network gets you jobs . 
  this is ofcourse nothing illegal , but as you can imagine this is a lot of power compared to the number of people they actually represent . 
  the corps in austria are usually conservative , some are nationlistic and few are real nazis . 
  if you are a white male student with conservative beliefs you sure can find friends there ( and cheap beer of course ) but for all others , not part of this `` elite '' , this small group with that much power doesnt look that fine . 
   besides , why would austrians want to be governed from berlin , when they could be governed from vienna ? 
  lol , that would be the only `` pro anschluss '' point for me . 
  im no fan of angelas politics but compared to our taxi driver i would take her every day . 
  yes , as someone said above http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/25t7yc/i_know_its_been_asked_a_million_times_but_why/chkjtu8 this is a problem up till today, 
  conchita was born in the former british zone , so it wouldnt have changed much in this regard, 
  its kinda fake , she has a beard for real but not such an beautiful one so there is make up and other things . 
  source : interview, 
  on the other hand , austria got 3rd place by russian voters - only due the jury votes we lost some places ( and still got 5 points ) throwing all ppl into one hat never is fair . 
  ** austria ** if you can read german : crime novels by wolf haas ( like silentium !, 
  or komm , s\u00fc\u00dfer tod ) - a lot of black humor and a special writing style ( its more like written speach ) `` einmal detektiv , du das h\u00e4ngt dir nach . 
  ( reading german because i think this style wont translate that good , but cant say for sure :  ) and something older and more serious would be : schachnovelle ( the royal game ) by stefan zweig . 
  a man in isolating custody by the nazis starts to play chess against himself in his imagination so he wont get mad and finds him later playing against the world chess champion . 
  but shouldnt it be soviet symbols then ? 
  facist symbols arent banned in germany . 
  there are kreuz - and schlitzschraubenzieher , but what is a kreuzschlitzschraubenzieher ? 
  yeah , if it werent for the crisies he never would be in this position , he would run for greek parliament or something like that , were english wouldnt be necessary . 
  sure , if he want to become a fraction leader of the left in europe he has to step up his english , but understandable thats no easy task while campaigning all over europe . 
  somewhere here i read he refused because its an english only debate, 
  tsipars isnt the 2nd green one , i think he meant why only one of the smaller parties . 
  or keller jon keller, 
  http://www.blogher.com/files/tinamaze_hero.jpg :p, 
  ok , that changes it - i assumed the strongest party would be an old one . 
  and how serious you think is the promise of the coalition partners to get out , since they have power now and could lose it after new elections . 
  i dont know how low the center right fell but in my experience the oppositions always wins votes after a government had to do cuts ( even if your pm gets international praise , sure some population groups experienced it ) . 
  sry for my ignorance , austrian media usually covers more about tina mazes bra problems than slovenian politics, 
  how is the overall public opinion about him , he still must hold a lot of support ? 
  i mean anything than that would be a complete suicide by the partymembers who voted for him ? 
  are you having a valid source for the 80 % ? 
  i mean there are still people protesting against war and his politics althought they get beaten and locked up . 
   usually it 's just curiousity . 
  but thats the point , its not meant bad , but your grandchildren ( even if they wouldnt have the singlest tie to russia ) will be asked the same question if things dont change . 
  interesting note , the posters of the peoples party ( eu ) frontman karas dont feature the party logo instead only his initials ok . 
  this is an pr move because the party has produced a lot of negative headlines the last month ( bank scandal and a new austerity package ), 
  sounds fine for me , where can i check in , 
  actually the parliament was voting on friday ( evp , s&d , alde ) for putting isds into eu law , so the eu now has to accept these verdicts and can force member states to do so as well . 
  http://www.votewatch.eu/en/financial-responsibility-linked-to-investor-state-dispute-settlement-tribunals-established-by-intern-4.html the way i understand it , this doesnt mean isds is part the ttip contracts for sure but they plained the way for it . 
  imo we dont need this , if you make contracts with countries with an `` underdeveloped '' court system it makes sense yes - but between the eu and the us , dont think it gets better anywhere . 
  sure there are and will be biased verdicts but i would see this as necessary evil . 
  nice , thats what you get if you decide to sell all influence on major infrastructure parts of your society -  undermining your political efforts . 
  fp\u00d6 jumped the pro russian train , they also sent some guys to the crimea vote but foreign affairs arent a big topic in politics here , the last years at least , so its not that widly known . 
  yeah , same here - good thing is when i search something google lists de.wiki first and the english one after it . 
  thats not funny , because it is the truth . 
  they are doing this every other day - say something racist and apologise afterwards to gather their very right base and then whine about a leftist witch hunt or declare that they are the modern jews . 
  this would have been the same this time , the negro thing was already two weeks old . 
  but this time there was this two year old article in m\u00f6lzers newspaper about migration , where alaba was insulted and which was signed by an alias . 
  some left groups found an ~ 15year old article where he both used his clear name and this alias . 
  and thats why his party ended his candidacy , because their voters will tolerate a daily dose of racism but insulting our worldcup hope - that was going to cost . 
  canberra , lol ezpz $ : oh , one hour too late :3 two idiots - one thought haha, 
  it used to be that way in austria too , but they changed it too only police some years ago, 
   looking back , it 's laughable what was deemed acceptable as our way , there was n't even a need to hide anything . 
  what do you mean ? 
  especially the rc-beam ceiling looks fantastic !, 
  sry , yeah i meant the simon scandal . 
  even if its his own money - isnt a socialist supposed to be kinda poor ( at least in public view ) . 
  something like a hidden bank account would damage the reputation a bit around here i think . 
  oh so fidez spent the twice amount of their money ? 
  what an amateur move - in [ tu felix austria ! ], 
  ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/2013/11/21/austria-corruption-idukl5n0j62p220131121 ) , the state owned companies pay for that  ( btw no politican was arrested for that , ofc . 
  - you wouldnt arrest someone for breathing air , would you ? ), 
  but fidez had their period now and people are still liking them ? 
  i second that , always a pleasure to read your news !, 
  is this whole money thing a big problem for the socialists , or in other words - is there a chance fidez dont win ? 
  maybe they tooke an average of all vw employes in germany ( including managment etc. ), 
  but $ 67 sounds way too much . 
  to form such party-families they need groups out of seven eu countries . 
  le pen , wilders , lega nord etc. 
  tried to form such an eurosceptic group - but since they all have kinda nationalistic views its hard to find a line for them . 
  the wwi germans werent the mass murdering ones , there wouldnt be much difference for the ordenary ppl afterwards if the germans had won . 
  its true winning the thing on the mainland helped keeping damage away from your island , but fight for freedom - nah . 
  since most royals of the different countries were close relatives - what should have changed ? 
  so do you eat langos as a regular meal too ? 
  here ( austria ) its the typical festival food - autoscooter and langos  a lot of it is regular food here too , as you can see on the name ( gulasch , palatschinken , kipferl , . . ) - cant deny our past relationship . 
  till the annoucement that orf wont cover it :p, 
  ok , now im understanding why our right wing politicans are warning of romanian immigrants - they could come and teach us how to fight corruption and the parties would lose 90 % of their ppl in charge ... gj anyways !, 
  yes , they were in the union way before the euro was established, 
  defenestration of prague, 
  uefa or eurovision countries, 
  there are quiet different numbers , i took the one i liked the most ofc  spon : writes 6000 protesters and 400 guests http://www.spiegel.de/unispiegel/wunderbar/fpoe-akademikerball-rechte-geniessen-ihre-opferrolle-a-945536.html derstandard : 8000 protesters http://derstandard.at/1389858188394/akademikerball-grosses-polizeiaufgebot-bei-demonstrationen and ball guests 400 ( quote protest organizer ) and between 1500-2000 ( quote fpoe ) http://derstandard.at/1389858235056/akademikerball-millionen-sachschaden-durch-ausschreitungen?seite=1#forumstart, 
  according to austrian newspaper derstandard there were about 8000 peaceful protesters and only 400 people attending the ball - a very good sign in my eyes !, 
  sadly there were also about 100 guys from the `` schwarzer block '' who broke through barricades and destroyed some shop windows and cars . 
  but they have one for their parliamentary election too ( 4 % iirc ) so most folk wont consider this abuse . 
  a famous example would be the fdp , they were in the last government together with merkel and after the last election they arent in the bundestag anymore because of the hurdle, 
  other gulf states like bahrain , stopped the protest in their countries with stg power too ... 
  wow !, 
  flip-flops and white socks , i always thought this was a german thing , stray around on the beaches of mallorca . 
  i dunno if this part of the original recipe but when i make one there is rum in it and not less  actually mixing black coffee and rum and dip every 2nd sponge biscuit in it . 
  yeah and we have a lot of variuous strudel deserts here too . 
  which poland , the poland outside of poland or the poland inside of poland ? 
  if they `` mean '' a specific group they should call it that way , or at least `` people who are apparently left wing extremists '' , but this is pretty fucked up , like a left idiology makes you violent ... 
  a lot of the european countries provide you with  free school , free health care and among the best living conditions in the world . 
  that arent french values alone , that are european values and i hope in a near future every memberstate will reach that level of wealth, 
  if the article would be named `` dancing over the edge : the first disctrict of vienna in 1914 '' it would be pretty accurate . 
  thats a lot of wars :d the first thing i always remember about the habsburgs is `` tu felix austria nube '',
