  fixed your post . 
   good times . 
  women understood their place if they were beaten enough and children obeyed their parents if they were beaten enough !, 
  fyp, 
  well , we have to wait how long gauland will have his . 
  also did m\u00f6lzer not lose is function because he made this comment ( it was years before he was their main candidate for the european parlimanet ) but because of the public outrage after it was more widley known - so they have no problem with this sentiment , as long as it doesnt hurt their ambitions ? 
  well in this case there is certainly no difference , are you forgetting the comments m\u00f6lzer wrote about alaba ? 
  what are you even talking about , what is this `` open door policy '' , aside from some right wing catch phrase ? 
  she is responsible for the syrian war ? 
  or the underfunding of unhcr ? 
  for the laking of eu border management or a common asylum system she is 1/28 responsible ok , but that was my point anyways . 
  no you are whining about some `` open door policy '' , ofc germany had no border controls when it has no eu borders ... if estonia would do its best , it could have proposed a better eu migration/border systems 5 years ago . 
  germany decides a lot because the other countries dont give a shit , they all care only about themselfs , merkel at least tries to find solutions together . . 
  so you are posting pictures of eu borders , does germany have one ? 
  http://i.imgur.com/gc7dy.png well the number of countires with sharia based law isnt that low, 
  hahaha , like anyone here in pr\u00f6llistan cares what h\u00e4upel says :d, 
  did you read his comment ? 
  i dont know how anyone can see vdb as `` extreme '' , his party might be , but he is quite in the middle of the spectrum ? 
  what ? 
  its a fact that there is a wage gap between austria and the v4 and balkans , that doesnt mean you are pisspoor or unskilled ? 
  you are posting this every time there is an thread on / r/europe , but its a quite narrow view . 
  the fp\u00f6 polled on par with the bigger two parties way before the refugees came to austria . 
  and @no - go zones , yeah `` sure '' , i had to wait in front of the thaliastra\u00dfe station for 15mins last week in the evening and i got asked about 10 times if i want some gras , but no one tried to stab me or rob me . 
  i dont approve of this guys there , its very annoying , but no-go zones ? 
  lol ... 
  do you use beef or pork in chechnya ? 
  [ josef hader ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kq2zhslirfm ), 
  except without the cool ones , 
  yes but with the median of 600 you cant earn `` significantly less '' so the group needs to be bigger , but if the group is big the median would be less . 
  if its the other way around there could be people that earn like ~ 3000-6000 $ above the median , but this margin isnt possible with 600 . 
  so hungary has a higher median than mean , can someone explain this to me ? 
  if its the other way around it because a group of people does earn extensivly more than others but here , since its between 500 and 600 its not possible to earn so much less to built the effect in the different direction ? 
  you got 12 from us , our moderator said . . 
  no i think they neede more than 400 to win , they had ~ 120 after jury and ukraine already had ~ 520, 
  but isnt it nearly the same ? 
  the years before the merged the 50 % jury and 50 % popular vote together behind the scenes and presented just one list - this year you could see the both extra . 
  its the tatarian language , so quite similar i assume . 
  i think the bigger question is if they will leave again afterwards ? 
  doesnt like itself , isnt liked by others - central europe . . 
  chill kid , you werent last last year either : s, 
  the panama connection . 
  thats not to shabby !, 
  i want golden boy back pls ... 
  well thats how a lot of people feel for 90 % of the show, 
  i wonder how my piss is tasting ? 
   full fucking retard . 
  cant you say that without so much insults ? 
  your teacher never said `` guten morgen herr gayness_in_uranus '' in the middle of the day ? 
  the problem is , if you are able to start your pc/console you already proofed that you are way to intelligent to command ah troops in a realistic way . 
  puh , at least not worse then them . .  ), 
  for your pleasure https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmi2m06yffc, 
  sry , but that is nonsense , he certainly didnt leave on his own terms , he and his crew was clinging to their posts with all their might - we will see , if he now is the only one , or others will follow . 
  well the flat part is blue , the alpine regions werent much fun for them i assume - lots of small , conservative , catholic villages - while in the cities and more populated regions the could blend in better - trieste is also blue while krain is white for example . 
  well usually there is a sink next to the toilet . 
  no difference between an commitment and an supranational treatie ? 
   with picketty and g\u00e9n\u00e9reux yeah , i found that on youtube too and would love to watch ( understand ) it . 
   we should n't try to make our own choices now because we have to make sacrifices , right . 
  well thats our difference - if the sacrifice is a possibility of a future war ( which would be possible with a dismantled eu imo ) i would answer no . 
   i 'll quote coquerel in a mediapart debate with thomas piketty ( coquerel supports melenchon , piketty supports hamon ) . 
  is there a way to watch some of this `` adviser '' debates in english or at least some written summary in some newspaper you know of ? 
   nobody says the talks must have a restricted duration ( instantly ? 
  come on ) so why then even use the scenario of a `` frexit '' ? 
   you can also keep going without france if you like . 
  there is no `` keep going '' if france leaves  we would try to `` poach '' members of the eu to get them to be part of another union that would be closer to our ideas . 
  so are we going to have a new union every 50 years when the french get bored with the old one ? 
   but we ca n't do the policies we want to do to help our people . 
  the treaties prevent us from doing so . 
  what are we supposed to do ? 
  where do you get that from ? 
  there werent any `` left social democrats '' in power anywhere the last decade that tried to do something in that direction , so why do you think its the european treaties that prevent policies you are talking about ? 
  its ok if you disagree with past policies , but destroy the eu if everyone isnt following instantly ? 
  i see no difference to lepen in this point . 
  make france great again ... 
  france is/was behind every major treatie/rule the eu develpoed - your people voted against a treatie that was shaped by your politicans . 
  one of the biggest problems in the eu is that france and germany doesnt stick to the rules everyone other has to . 
  and now the melenchon frenchies here come and act like your country is held hostage by the others and threaten to leave when they wont instantly change eu rules that were co-shaped by liberal french politicans for the last ~ 20 years . 
  that is selfish and digusting on so many levels , and i am someone who can agree with most of what i read from melenchon here . 
  ok , that would make sense , thx, 
  but werent there also lepen-macron polls when he was way behind fillon some month ago ? 
  poor chechia/slovakia still landlocked ~ . ~, 
  well if they make a usual trade deal , they dont need the national parliaments to vote on it , it was just that ceta and ttip had agreements that overreached the commisions competence . 
  kimi is love . 
  especially when driving the red goddess, 
  i thought they listen to scooter https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrqaoyxl15q, 
  that because its mostly old conservative men in charge . 
  64 % of the male voters and only 55 % of female were in favour of conscription , and 72 % of woman under 30 voted against conscription . 
  i have yet to see an article ( in english ofc ) here that shows why macron would be favourable to hamon . 
  macron is just more of the same imo , just like all the other 3rd way social democrats that brought us to the point were we are now - the nationalistic , anti eu right soaring in all countries . 
  just the same as schulz ( again imo ), 
   the lefts inability to react hard to react , when the interior , justice ( except 2 years ) and foreign minister are conservatives or right wing politicans the last 17 years ? 
  you are absolutely right !, 
   by that logic there would n't be many leftist countries in the former warsaw bloc isnt that the case ? 
  you know it would have been funny even with the explaining at the end ( summa summarum ... ) my dear german neighbour, 
  i have looked up the numbers - first level tax rate in germany is 14 % , in the uk 20 % , so the taxes in germany are actually lower ... the treeshold for taxfree income in the uk is higher - 11k pounds vs $ 8,8 k in germany . . 
  `` western media '' lolz , everyone against poor little poland right ? 
  the countries where you would read about `` polish death camps '' ( = english ) are the ones your governemnt is heads up in their arse . 
  he did promote nazism in public one more than one occasion , with is illegal in austria . 
  what makes you call hamon a far left candidate ( im curious ) all things that i read here make hin look like a traditional social democrate which isnt far left in my book - but maybe thats because of my lack of ressources ? 
  as are government members in a lot of european countries . 
  no its the other way around , tarrifs are obvious , a new fta ( which ofc could be in place at the second you left ) is a choice .
