  half of the s\u00fcdtirol youth is living in vienna anyways and we already have enough mountains - triest on the other hand : , 
  maybe my examples where bad , i meant people who drive a truck to distribute the goods - they are logistics and versandhandel are they guys which work in the warehouse . 
   if you work in a distribution warehouse , you are in logistics . 
  if you work directly with customers , you are in retail . 
  germany has the `` versandhandel '' ( ~ mail order ) sector which are people working in warehouses , while logistic are people who sit in their trucks and carry out goods . 
  as pointed out above , retail isnt a correct translation , its `` einzel - und versandhandel '' in german and `` versandhandel is exactly what amazon does while logistic on the other hand would be something like dhl , fedex , etc. 
  thank you dolferl ... / s ofc, 
  ehm , was this thread linked under a helene fischer video ? 
  yes `` sure '' , why do african refugees dont ship to japan with their speed boats ? 
  fight for it ? 
  should they die in conflicts which are started or at least supported by the outside ? 
  how many conflicts did only happen because the western world ( incl . 
  ussr ) draged their cold war bullshit to non party states , arming extremist groups ? 
   enjoy the same rights as any other citizen of republika srpska or later serbia . 
  so will you use duolingual street signs , will islam be an official state religion , will they be able to learn their language in official schools ? 
  / e i deleted my comment above , since you already answered here . 
  if they fullfill their quotas ofc , or belgium will have a field day again ... 
  and munich mayor and vicemayor get bribed to return to the empire ... 
  is france really showing us an alternative ? 
  aside from some populist moves like rich tax , rent cap are they going after a different policy for real ? 
  i would like for someone with a bit more insight than me to tell me , but in my opinion hollande didnt change that much than what sarkozy has started . 
  is the french socialist government really doing socialist politics ? 
  i doubt that , my hope lies on renzi ... 
  israel also has tri-lingual street signs ( hebrew , english , arabic ), 
  because ( in my opinion ) a 15yo girl by no means had the chance to gather enough information and build up her own worldview , she just wasnt long enough on this world - thats why we have an legal age . 
  and i feel very sorry for her parents , they fled the war , left their home so their children could grow up in peace and then they go to war again ... 
  if you are male , show your uncut dick , this will emphasize your glorious liberal/european attitude, 
  since you have to vote about a wide varity of things , how often ( maybe percentage wise ) did you vote because you were sure its the better decision and how often did you rely on your party/groups line - nobody is an expert in every field ofcourse . 
  europe is a very diverse place and a lot of the time some laws will benefit a certain group and bring disadvantages to another , did you feel more responsible for the people who voted for you or did you usually had the big whole in mind , if a new law would affect your voter base negative but would bring some benefits for the future of the eu ? 
  thank you for doing this . 
  because this list is stupid , or the headline is - you can choose . 
  the education systems are so different not even the oecd is able reflect that well in their annual reports and that article is way more off , so why upvote it ? 
   voting booths free from armed men so you have a godgiven ability to look into the future ? 
  very nice , can you tell me tomorrows austrian lottery numbers pls , ty, 
  the borders of the nazi idiology were fluid sometimes , if they could use someone exceptions were taken , like there were ukrainian fighting with the axis against the red army ( they usually were nationalists and didnt share the nazi beliefs ) , but there also were ss soldiers , which did take part in the massacres : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_collaborationism_with_the_axis_powers#ukrainian_volunteers_in_the_german_armed_forces, 
  at least the brennerbasistunnel will be finished for sure, 
  children should learn two languages out of their region , english and if they want a third , this will help their cohabitation, 
  whats with carpathia , isnt it a mix of economywise weaker regions - danovia and rumelia on the other hand both got the stronger capital areas ? 
   i do n't know , italian food is amazing . 
  although . . so is a good stew from the north good timing , i wanted to cook a stew tonight , you have a recipe ? 
   citizens fighting to free their country from russian tyrany ( yanoukovich ) then invasion while fighting with little weapons , ammo , firepower ? 
  come on stop that , either you are in favour of this groups or you are just completly blueeyed every western media , and nearly all of them were pro maidan , showed the pictures of the ukr nazi groups and just calling them nationalists who fight for their freedom is completly underestimating them . 
  and if this conflict ends and ukraine will be eu member in some time this will be a problem for all of us , i mean not that with have non right extremists in the eu , but ours are fighting with words ( someone would argue that thats even worse ) and these groups are armed . 
  so this topic shouldnt be taken lightly like the guy above me . 
   be a part of the western european genetic heritage . 
  boy pls , this ugly brown / black haired brits and french are way below glorious german genetics ... 
   they should be punished so nobody tries that shit again . 
  yes , but why no punishment according to human rights . 
   you know we have this saying : wehret den anf\u00e4ngen '' for a reason expelling german citizens is what the nazis did . 
  and ship them to where ? 
  how you become a real german then - if you know how high a german shephard can jump ? 
  [ around that high fyi ] ( https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcskaabne2il7omkgm_gbrbzmaiyoklpwb5hnyzn8kzhvqmdbxrfmd-pza ) sven lau - spokesman of the group , what an foreign name btw . . 
  so germany should expell germans ? 
  the polish triathlon : to the border by foot , to vienna by bike and back home by car ( sry , no offense ), 
  yeah , the average retirement age ( according to industriellenvereinigung ) is 58,1 and since the scale is up to 64 you have about 6 years of retirement going into this statistic . 
  the iv is quiete a neoliberal bunch , so donno if the age is accurate , but you get the point . 
  i may have jumped over some details , but if i get it right - a dutch authority is investigating the cause of the plane crash and will publish results regarding future accident prevention , another dutch authority ( a dutch court ) will decide who murdered 298 people . 
  so after all , some dutch will tell us who it was ? 
  i dont know why he is downvoted , the dutch have the blackbox and other things they invastigate and they will tell us who it was ... 
  haha , that song :d, 
   what about the guys that smuggle here and seek asylum when they are found . 
  til asylum seekers usually obtain a visa and a flight ticket and travel to their destination per emirates first class . 
  on the more serious side , afaik ( out of the snowden case ) you only can apply for german asylum in germany , so you have to go there first . 
  juventus , eredivisie champion 2015 ? 
  vw owns the porsche brand , but the porsche company owns vw, 
  the iron curtain tour looks like fun, 
  what wine do you drink ? 
  if someone talks about good wine , its usually a red one - but around here people mostly drink young white wine, 
   austria is the center , it is in our hymn and therefor the only truth . 
  lol , the troll is strong with this one, 
   yes , i 'm butthurt because i do n't consider 40 years of soviet occupation of my country to be the defining moment of my nation . 
  sorry if it irks you . 
  give it some time . 
  poland is the rising star , soon you will be the center together with germany ( if france , italy dont get their shit together ), 
   and you can not eat wiener schnitzel everyday :( lal , so much bullshit in such few words ~ . ~, 
  lol , i always thought this is the official fia theme song, 
  germany is forcing their conservative economic politics on the southern countries because they belive it helps ( like it did for them ) . 
   ask the people escaping east germany if they were grateful for nato . 
  ask the people of north vietnam if they were grateful for agent orange, 
  yes , but i wont blame you , some scenes really look like an action movie, 
  ehm , didnt you watch lord of war ? 
  great lies . 
  wasnt like the us and the ussr armed the half world and millions died just for your bigger balls contest ...  what do you care anyway ? 
  what do you care ? 
  bringing freedom to the world while not being able to provide health care for your own people or still using death penalty , well played ...  what i said is still completely true you said only germany benefits from actual eu politics , thats not true . 
  arent you busy to equip extremists and bombing them afterwards ? 
  if australia takes the waste ? 
  npnp, 
  doesnt he mean the same , just sarcastic ? 
  but when the final form is out for ratification the parliaments can say yes or no , they cant change the text - which will requiere again some years . 
  so in my opinion it would be better if the public pressures some standards into the agreement before it get finalized , because in the end the parliaments maybe will say , yes we know some points will lower our standards but if we wait another 5 years the whole fta will be redundant, 
   no idea why anybody with a brain and internet access would hate him today though thats like assuming someone with 12 years of school education ( +1 visit to mauthausen ) and at least 5 years of university cant be far right/nazi , well better dont look up the austrian parliament . 
  1 . football 2 . alpine skiing 3 . ski jumping, 
  i hope its hitler , but yeah we usually hate foreigners, 
  yes , but jokes usually dont need to be true ? 
  it was a joke , because the tower stands on an green hill and it looks like its whole scotland is green like the other non eu countries . 
  imo you can blame the two for not opposing her , hopefully renzi will step up italys europe politics . 
  scotland already non eu member confirmed ? 
  the fuck , moped is moped in english too ? 
  wait what ?
