  a german uni did an research on long term jobless people in 2011 , and there were a lot of reasons for them not finding any job - motivation being one of the smallest , they even claimed that the motivation to work of long term jobless people is higher than in the rest of the population . 
  this thinking , that people automatically would chose being jobless when getting a job would bring only slightly more income , is so despicable . 
  i know it from my mother , but when spelling email i always say at [ \u00e4t ], 
  its mostly non bavarians , so you hear it really quick , 
  ok , i edited a / s, 
  thats why i made a smilie, 
   anna netrebko shes austrian ~ . ~ * / s ( and a `` novo '' russia fan - or how that fantasy land in east ukraine is called ), 
  [ flat foot ? ], 
  ( http://www.bing.com/images/search?q=plattfuss&amp;view=detail&amp;id=800cf491b40cb384d509b235848085dd9e666909&amp;first=10&amp;count=1&amp;form=idfrir&amp;pc=rimbingd ), 
  i think my great-grandfather didnt got the note, 
   because of the rape he commited . 
  so in sweden you are guilty before being juged ? 
  bully , bully , bully !, 
  poor , innocent germany, 
  [ niklaas from flanders ] ( http://t0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcts13ny_pkr862zo4zj4kwciqx4uksbf4erzxjy7ce-yvg1lw3tuq ) - i loved it !, 
  [ calimero ] ( http://s3.amazonaws.com/stripgenerator/strip/10/57/27/00/00/full.png ), 
  + watership down ... 
   ( except for occasional lederhosen . . you dont have them ? 
  but here its clearly not the smearing incident or it would have been mentioned in the part about that not in the part about the maccabi games ... 
  can you post a british version too pls ? 
  and off he goes , i bet nasa is reliefed now . 
   europe 's ambivalence regarding free speech is both frustrating and confusing . 
  yet you have some hundred comments on a board that is very restrictive regarding speech too . 
  three net contributors ? 
  i may just hit a bad day , but two weeks ago i was in munich and the eurocity to austria was late , but there was no announcement no writing in the overhead signs - they even put the next train on it without any notification . 
  ( we already had a delay from a regionalbahn before - same ) thing there . . 
  here the \u00d6bb is often late too , but at least they do n't mind to write even three minutes delay on the signs . 
  well you should have went to the sausage shop instead of the kepap one , 
  i quiet liked it , but i enjoy this commie like big open places , broad streets city style what 's really bad there is the parking , they do n't put their cars parallel to the street , but perpendicular half on the walkway half on the street , so often two people ca n't walk side by side - some bike/pedestrian planing would do wonders there . 
  that 's no ledgit argument , european was founded for being that cesspool , it did n't became it, 
  i 'm really sad that he is a mod now and does n't post that often anymore ( at least in the topics i read ) . 
  i mean aside from the major flaw that he is french , he sounds like a very likeable guy , 
  i mean i learned in school , but from my experience agram and pressburg arent commonly used , on the other hand prag-praha , br\u00fcnn-brno is pretty standard imo, 
  back when the euro was , you heard lemberg all over your tv stations, 
  ahh , lottery - the dumb tax no offense , i too play from time to time , 
  well the visa list , pretty sure our diplomats were wiping their asses, 
  yep , according to the story it happened on a crusade in jerusalem fighting kebaps :p, 
  i think even more in germany , since the emperor is karl der gro\u00dfe in german , so the franch name even would be quicker linked to the nazis . 
   quite a growing economy . 
  because they are a murica on drugs , i dont want a country with a 70 million leverage constantly nagging on work safty rights because it would slow down their growth ... 
  and as i have learned from american congress you have to be very carfully about spreading the population , if there are too much on one side - it may flip unintentional !, 
  well you could argue that the biggest thread today was about russia giving away land nearly on the other side of the planet . 
  do you remember the talk show ? 
  well skoda is now the humble one out of the bunch . 
  yeah well the headline is a bit inexact , if you have no national social insurance plan you do n't get it ofc , since you are n't paying into the `` system '', 
  how do you do that ? 
  lit the irish at the end ? 
  i was just talking about my quote, 
   football clubs would be owned by co-operatives and not traded on the stock markets . 
  sounds good to me, 
  lol , in a country where saving is the holy cow ? 
  asylum homes wouldnt be the only things burning then . 
  and the swiss are wilhelm tell, 
  just with better weather , 
  i thought you are all here already ? 
  pretty sick engineering , eiffel built some nice bridges too, 
  nobody mentioned the bud spencer & terence hill movies , they are dope !, 
  pff . 
  we are the yurop hillbillies :p, 
  20-26 december , you are in for the big drama huh ? 
  :p i do n't think the grouping is bad , i would even do more , since till march 2016 is quite long . 
  i know what you mean , but thats no nordic model - its the same in a lot of european countries . 
   which are based on collective agreements , which we are very protective of . 
  which countries have different systems ? 
   well chancellor is equivalent to prime minister not president . 
  but if you compare their tasks and power the german chancellor is more or less the equivalent to the french and us president, 
  y , i instantly got that the wire vibe, 
  vermieter , a joke shamelesslly stolen from [ `` die anstalt '' ] ( https://youtu.be/k3fvas_4ato?t=1m33s ), 
  well , need a place to hide all that nazi gold , 
  and welt , bildzeitung for landlords , 
  club a ? 
  its not too big , like a nine years olds - so it should be fine . 
  here we call it , `` going italian '' , 
  go on mutti , make the brandt, 
  i read it a half an hour ago in an austrian newspaper ( derstandard.at ) so you could n't know it before . 
  their asylum cases still will be handled in austria , but till then slovakia takes care of them, 
  meanwhile slovakia is taking 500 of austrian asylumseekers in the next month, 
   while a lot of economists , even research branch of imf agree that austerity is wrong yes , but these economists and the imf arent elected representators of the european people ( be it in the council or in the parliament ) , and as long as the majority of them belive in austerity , its the way we go . 
  haha , that korwin-mikel , wanting a military takeover because it worked so nice in chile xdd, 
  ahh thats it , i always suspected that there is something in the viennese water , it tastes so jewcy, 
  proper austrian would be `` dass es eichere '' anyway , 
  i wonder if there was also a lot of ressentiments as today btw , since you are here , when is the next country exchange ? 
  that 's something the dailyshow would do , 
   1 is composed of idiots making economic decisions based on politics ( ec ) im sry for you that you have to live in a democratic country , but thats how it works , ofcourse politicians make decisions based on their idiology and conservative finance ideology mostly is any kind of austerity . 
  and as it stands most european countries voted for conservative governments or voted them into coalitions at least . 
  im personally opposed to that policy , but in my opinion its still better than a sole technocrat/expert leadership . 
   wtf are you talking about ? 
  you ignored my first comment and just carried on posting your phrases . 
   can you point me to lots of european press out there that actually comment about the much bigger negative fiscal impacts of german surpluses at least in every german talkshow there is one particepant who voices that opinion ,  btw , too funny that an austrian of all nationalities is giving a thinly veiled hitler reference about `` a strong leader '' . 
  thats why i know guys like you . 
  i dont think thats ok , he ofcourse can express his opinion , but thats hardcore campaigning the last days ... 
  ah yeah , first the `` the world is controlled by few '' , now the `` the l\u00fcgenpresse is hiding all the facts to mislead the people '' and ofcourse you would prefer a strong leader too , amiright ? 
  blablabla the usual the eu is germany bullshit , if this guys would come down from their horses and have a deeper look on the eu maybe their analysis would come somewhere near the truth . 
  just because the other countries dont voice their opinions that loudly ( or international media doesnt listen ) doesnt mean this is a german solo show - if we come to eurogroup decisions germany even has less voting rights compared to their size than others . 
  just look at finland , their economy has taken massive hits and they voted the guy who claims austerity is the way to go but hey its easier to explain the world with only two , three big powers and go on writing things like  austerity is a german fetish . 
  but its just place ~ 23 of 31 volksbegehren since the 2nd republic , and petitions against something always run better then petitions in favor of something, 
  to strees another game of thrones quote in this thread  too old, 
  yes its a state in the south of germany . 
  yeah right , better give them latvia , 
   let alone a country as inconsequential as austria in what sense ?
