  i was quite pleased by his way of handling austrian politics - talk open about problems , confronting the almighty state governors . 
  but im really suprised by the stance of our finance minster when it comes to eu politics , being the pitbull of the hard liners , i dont think thats a position austria should occupy, 
  what the ... :d, 
  if they had more leuthauser-schnarrenbergers and less lindners and westerwelles maybe . . 
  wasnt there a big thread two weeks ago , where someone posted a graph that showed that greeces economy is growing - and even steeper than compared to some ex warsaw pact country after the fall of the ussr ? 
  good joke , but are you serious , that username ? 
   austria itself has stopped processing asylum requests in an effort to pressure other eu countries to do more to help absorb waves of refugees pouring into the continent . 
  well that actually was just claimed by our interiour minister ( the two bigger parties are trying to pass the far right fp\u00d6 on the right side atm , at least in the media ) but in the end it came out that she never gave a directive like that and everything works like before, 
  finally , only took 100 years , 
  pff , whats game of thrones against the winnetou sites !, 
  in germany you dont need a name for it because nobody does it , 
   it is the first time we would manage that in ages first time since ever !, 
  and how was it ? 
  thats not true at all , especially in finland they have a lot of guns . 
  du redest wie ein echter politiker : s , :d * you talk like a real politician : s , :d *, 
  hab da mal kurz reingeschaut , die einzig vern\u00fcftige partei scheint mir die \u00d6pd zu sein ... * i 've looked into that , the only serious contender tend to be the \u00d6dp for me ... *, 
  even eu citizens dont get automatic welfare anymore when they move to another country , how would you think that immigrants get it . 
  asylum seekers get basic treatment so they dont die while their case is handled , according to humans rights, 
  thx, 
  so europe its yours to decide , right wing party led austria vs right wing party led estonia , chose wisely , 
  moldova is going to join the eu in the next 20 years , ofc you cant measure them to countries that have a clear lack of human rights values ... 
  what does this `` control '' even mean , devaluate till people carry their salary in baskets full of money ( and then the basket without the money gets stolen because its more worth then the content ), 
  im saying the same about the eu , 
  well that will come in handy , 
  haha :d, 
   though i moved to usa in the 1990s and have spent the better part of my adult life as an american . 
  where he lost the sense for the important european values , let me just drop ibra , larsson , kacaniklic , zengin , durmaz , ... i bet the author likes watching that handegg thing too ... 
  really ? 
  now i wonder how this is handled in tyrol , voradlberg then . 
  here in the `` east '' its definitely a thing . 
  [ da horvath anton  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=401jrqyu6gc ), 
  a serbian statue , a french coin - keep on mocking the country that started two world wars , wp , 
  at first i thought this were political colours ^ - . ^, 
  deal , i say akp will win !, 
  isnt that what he/she was saying , that europe couldnt handle this itself for so long and needed foreign help . 
  [ cant deny their lobster fetish forever  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vu5nxys.png ), 
  too much french !, 
  you are the joke , how can anyone call a dictator a joke , thats a insult to all people who died through them . . and btw the civil war had more influence on austrian politics post 1945 than the nazi time, 
  just wanted to support your gouda statement, 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/de/hungary-ethnic_groups.jpg/776px-hungary-ethnic_groups.jpg from a census in 1880 ( source wikipedia ), 
  when i had my lessons , some guy on the autobahn did come very close behind us , suddenly my teacher jumps into the breaks - to teach him a lesson ... nothing happened but as you can imagine it was quite some shock for me . 
  i dont even know what you want to tell me ? 
  the op ( and countless others in this thread ) always claiming that the countries should reach the 2 % target and i pointed out that that is a shitty way of measuring since a country easily could reach it by spending more on salaries whithout gaining much more security . 
   the polish state , and by extension , the citizens . 
  well nice , but i was talking about germany ( as an example for countries that doesnt reach the 2 % ) . 
   right here : ehm , yes , but i was talking about my example of just raising the salaries, 
   they will actually , who ? 
   they would gain an improvement , just because you do n't believe it would be an improvement , does n't make it not one where did i say that ? 
  but still , they could do this and reach this 2 % margin ( thats so beloved here ) while they wont gain any improvement . 
  really ? 
  tell me more pls . 
   more like people should learn and get into a better one first and then later on have children . 
  thats how it is today and the result is that germany will lose quite the amount of its population . 
   it is not so that every job must be tailored so that families could be supported . 
  sure , but then you cant promote the conservative family model anymore, 
  wikipedia says :  an estimate made in 2009 calculated that there are 4.3 million muslims in germany  in 2009 , she estimated that the number of people of `` possible muslim faith '' in france was about 4.5 million i dont see that much difference, 
   maybe one day we can hope for all members to show some interest in their defenses . 
  so if germany suddenly doubles the salary of their soldiers , it will be a safer country afterwards ? 
  well on the other side , these jobs in germany are not enough to support families into getting children , while france on the other hand has a decent population developement . 
  blatter and platini is like pest and cholera for me . . 
  did you like him ? 
   and sources have said the ambassadors are expected to stay in turkey until september . 
  poor lads . 
   people being extremely friendly lol , your german isnt that good i suppose ? 
  losing fat while drinking coke . 
  you . 
  are . 
  genius . 
  i thought the same , although i prefer d\u00f6ner over d\u00fcr\u00fcm : , 
  wait what , slovenia is central europe , just look how much good ski jumpers they have , 
  the southern hemisphere want to have a word with you . 
  aside from the wrong cup ?!? 
  the hell will freeze before you win the new world cup ... 
  i gave you an upvote , where is your god now ? 
  i read your posts in / r/turkey because of our sub exchange and for someone living in denmark your knowledge of german politics , media , and public opinion is very weak and most things you claim are not true at all - where did any german ( aside from nationalistic nutjobs ) compared the armenian genocide to the holocaust/shoa ? 
  and to the herero massacre/genozide - the german line of saying that it happened before the `` genozide '' term was founded by the league of nations is weaking , and a lot of german media is already in favor of a recognition ( there was also a delegations of hereros in the bundestag ) and im pretty sure in five to ten years the german government will also acknowledge it as genozide . 
  puh thats quite a challenge * cordon bleu *, 
  ( bundesland ) why did you want to become a moderator of / r/europe ? 
  is the guy in the fridge named stefan , i thought you use istvan ? 
   even in 1913 germany 's gdp per person is almost double that of austria-hungary 's more like 150 % than 200 % , but yeah your points still stands . 
  why did hungary chose to stay with the soviet union after wwii and not be independent and with the west like austria ? 
   for you guys . 
  its just like there are different people with different opinions on / r/europe :o mindblown !, 
  its the same thing with the russian sanctions , we ( austria ) did take part even if we are far away from russia and usually had very good relations , because its a union thing . 
  if you now dont take your share on this why shouldnt we stop to care about you on other things too . . this `` i only take part in things i like '' is a very uk like approach and wont help the eu to grow . 
   you ca n't negotiate international trade law by consulting 500 million people . 
  who says that ? 
  do you have examples were it failed . 
  if monnet and schuman would have had listen to the people saying `` you cant be friends with germany '' we all wouldnt be in the position to even talk about ttip, 
   closed door negotiation remains a necessity . 
  and because it was always this way or what ? 
  maybe you trade guys just have to invent new ways for negotiating . 
  dont you see how people lose trust in their leaders every day , maybe the old way of getting things done doesnt fit the 21st century anymore . 
   that the opposition are trying to build an anti-merkel coalition all the 10 % ? 
  they gave us none too , damn sauprei\u00dfn, 
  well i think this is very good for the uk citizens , so they can have a clear vote if they want to be part of an eu like it is now or not and no false promises of better conditions and optouts . 
  israels song sounds rly nice , lets see how its going to do on the stage . 
  the crowd wtf :d ehhhhhh , ohhhhhhh , ehhhhhhh - thats a rap battle deluxe, 
  try to sing this the next time : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eguabosct2i , 
  haha macedonia and their alexandrian temple background :d :d,
