  the polls showed a head to head race between the sp\u00f6 and fp\u00f6 , so this is a bit of surprise . 
  in my opinion the refugees topic did cost some votes for the far rights , since it gave the mayor a chance to take a hard stance ( pro refugees ) on a topic were he was on the exact other side of his opponent , while in the other elections the last two years the two big parties ( social democrats and conservatives ) lost a bigger margin of voters - austria is falling behind everywhere : economy , education , job seekers , and the fp\u00f6 is the traditional protest party ( they promise easy solutions ), 
  i think no party in austria is against migration , neos are like the german fdp or guy verhofstadt, 
  welfare is such an ugly term , especially for harz4 - its so much more . . 
  nordic countries do have a minimum wage , its just not based on a law but industry specific negotiated between the representatives of the employers and the employees . 
  well the court thinks so , while its right that it wasnt his job to find other relatives they say he actively tried to make it look like his mother was the only heir . 
  the falter is a paper which is highly critical of our juridical system and they focus a lot on pointing out flaws and missuse - so i will take their word over that of the bbc here, 
   and the russians . 
  if you know german , here is the decision of the oberlandesgericht ( 2nd instance ) on the appeal against the first judgment https://www.ris.bka.gv.at/dokument.wxe?abfrage=justiz&amp;dokumentnummer=jjt_20140122_ogh0002_0150os00133_13t0000_000, 
  meh , pretty one sided article https://www.falter.at/falter/2014/01/21/ein-schwieriger-erbe/ on more then one instances he did withhold information about his aunt - once he brought an family tree that only showed his mother as only heir . 
  the prosecutors only started investigating after the lawyer of his aunt came to them - so the state vs unwanted historian argument is thin air in my eyes . 
  yes , this `` article '' was written by a ten year old who did listen to the post election interviews ... every political analyst here puts the migrant factor at 2-3 % , the rest of the number are completely in touch with other state elections earlier this year . 
  isnt it the csu pushing for this because they win votes for being against the `` stromautobahn '' through bavaria - they have a history of shitting on austria to gain votes the last years ( this , maut , hypo . . ) ? 
  nope, 
  chechens are part of the rufed ? 
   ruined by socialdemocrats wanting to create european superstate lulz , so tell me what things aside from market policies and some developement funds are decided by a central organ and not by the gathering of head of states ? 
  you are missing the point - the 3 speakers promised to not take part in any official meetings in their role as `` president '' yet he is visiting an president of an other country and their administration is calling it an official meeting ... also he wasnt traveling in his role as speaker since the speakers administration said they werent even asked ... 
   `` the progressives '' would see nothing wrong with the demographic replacement that is occurring . 
  nice how you are getting upvotes with you nazi rhetoric, 
  flintenuschi isnt it ? 
   that 's not what you shitheads tried telling me in ' 94 . 
  it was `` they 're foreigners '' just like you say now . 
  you do n't give a rats ass about `` culture '' . 
  dont even bother , . . back after the wall came down they were scaremongering against the ossis or after ww2 when the eastern countries kicked their germans out - they always find something to make it a we vs them . . 
  well what are her options , bring the troops home or appease the turks ? 
  so its looks like the german governments values having troops stationed in turkey higher than moral statements . . when she puts humanistic values over realpolitik ( refugees ) she gets shit on here , when she does the opposite she gets the flak here too . 
   been a communist for a short time too aha , where did you get that from ? 
  is that some new copypasta or do you really think that ? 
  sry but is such an noneissue , nearly every country ha\u00df this big tabloid papers , sun , bild , krone , ... bringing simplyfied and often untrue clickbaity headlines is their daily bread and butter , you must be really thinskinned if you get offended by something like that . 
  thats why i invested in the new fibre line into my basement , why pay for someone when you have family that writes for you ( franz junior typed that ), 
  lol fuck off , football maybe ? 
  how many spanish only cl finales do you want , the ec-wc-ec series ? 
  sometime they 'll give a war and nobody will come !, 
  lol , which city is he even talking about , istanbul ? 
  well if you agree that the difference of men and women has no effect on their ability to do household work your first comment makes no sense , and you call me insane ? 
   also your comment ... ? 
  and yours ? 
  what biological difference makes woman more fit for household work ? 
  you 're welcome . 
   you are saying that we should have an ideal 100:100 whereas man and woman are not 100 % the same . 
  they are equal , but not the same . 
  yeah we know , woman have smaller feet so they can stand closer to the oven . 
  woman have smaller hands so the can better clean the corners . 
  why do woman dont need an umbrella - it doesnt rain between kitchen and bedroom . 
  etc. ... 
  pretty sure its before taxes and its also looks like they took the yearly salary and parted it with 12 so its better comparable . 
  the median wage in austria is about $ 1800 ( net ) so yes , you do earn pretty decent buck https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_median_wage, 
   even after that people called the police about shots being fired and now think about more people being armed , they thinking police men in civil clothes are also attackers - that could have been way worse ... 
  where did he agree with the statement ( as far as i read , nobody here did till now ) ? 
  you seem to have some agression problems , maybe take a deep breath before starting a fight with every other user here ? 
  there were enough people that werent communists ... 
  well thats because you are/were somewhat in the middle - easy for the guys left and right to become friends when their spheres doesnt collide, 
  hardly any germans speak pure german at all and at least we have some amount of decency and dont `` duzen '' everyone from the start ... 
  here you go , talk to [ him ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/65/skkh_erzherzog_karl_von_%c3%96sterreich.jpg/170px-skkh_erzherzog_karl_von_%c3%96sterreich.jpg ), 
  * aleksandr greatski , bestest slav in history you mean ? 
  just to expand your comment , we use a name based alphabet anton , bertha , c\u00e4sar , dora , emil , . . not so fun fact , the nazis did switch out some jewish based names ( siegfried instead of samuel , dora - david , julius - jakob , . . ) , i think the germans switched some back , the austrians not . 
  can you use your driver id or do you need a passport ? 
   i 'm tempted to ask them whether they are german . 
  asking ? 
  i immediately shout : aufd seiten piefke !, 
  puh and that from an italian ? 
  im pretty sure we wouldnt have such an germanycentric union if the 4th biggest country wouldnt put up a muppet like berlusconi who gave less then zero shit about the eu for nearly a decade . 
  all other balkan states are named and even cyprus is on the map xd, 
  sitting here , happy aboute the iceland game and then you read something like that :( ( ( ( rip . 
  as i said on / r/de , hopefully we will see a lot of movies on tv the next days . . 
  it isnt that different up here , just that our economy is still better so people dont care as much . 
  just a week ago a smaller newspaper ( who does a lot of invastegative journalism ) wrote about a city ( red/green reigned ) in my home state that sold property to the vice mayor of the neighbour city ( black ) for 140k , who then proceeds to sell this property to a party near development company for 650k ( which should be ~ the real value ) who do you vote for if all parties do such things ? 
  which politicans said they want to punish the uk ? 
  if you would get the same treament as norway for example , that would be really harsh for you ( since you have to pay more then now and have lost all your veto powers ) , but can you call it punishment ? 
  dont forget family policies , if the state think woman have to stay at home , bearing and raising children you suddenly have a lot of unemployed less . 
   and the eu said `` i do n't give a crap '' firstly this was a thing between greece its lenders and the eurogroup not the eu . 
  secondly why should there be a change , just because a small amount of people in a union votes differently why should the majority suddenly change its policy ( considering no human rights are voilated ) that said i agree with you last sentence , but its not the eu you should blame for it but the lack of solitarity or international ambitions of left/middle left parties ( and no i dont mean this hidden coporate puppets like blair and schr\u00f6der ) - just look at france and italy , two of the biggest economies in europe with a left/middle left government - do we see a chance of the european direction - no , because the just care about national issues ( maybe renzi tries a bit , but hollande is a fuckface . . ) im personally absolutly no fan of revolutions ( and hope i dont see a war/bloodshed in europe in my lifetime ) but i think its important that there is a balance between coporations and workers/employees and which is not the case at the moment . 
  big coporations can hop from one country to another , while unions and worker lobbyists often bog down into racist bigottery ( they are stealing our jobs ), 
   the way it 's constructed right now only helps a few member-states and fucks over the rest of them . 
  thats the same populistic bullshit the right uses . . the fact is that the last 15 years there was a conservative majority in the council ( where the main power of the eu lies ) and that big coporation friendly , austerity policy we are having is the voters will - just look at spain , portugal and greece , they all had conservative governments that had no problem following the merkel/sarkozy axis . 
  just flood the tunnel ? 
  because the are fullfilling the requirements , the eu players didnt need before . 
  the freedom to lower the standards for working permits asap or lots of pl clubs will lose their players ... 
  oh , so he didnt lie when he left the game and i even reported him :(, 
  seeing the thumpnail - i envy you brits so much for your queuing culture , every other austrian pricks thinks he is entitled too skip the queue and you get a huge mob at every entrance ( if there is isnt security ) ... 
  greek and turk together arguing against an american . . now i have seen it all , 
  to be fair we dont need to fool ourselfs - there always was and is quite a big amount rejection based on mostly racist aspects in a lot of european countries, 
  it was actually designed with a 2nd smaller sister tower in mind - it should look like they two were torn apart . 
  but the sale of flats , offices was/is going pretty slow so it isnt known if the 2nd one is going to be built . 
  / e [ design by dominic perrault ] ( http://www.archiscene.net/wp-content/gallery/archiscene/dc-towers-dominique-perrault04.jpg ), 
  you will have to explain that . 
  https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/todesopfer_rechtsextremer_gewalt_in_deutschland#ab_1999 55 in the last 15 years, 
  bring the breast plate stretcher :-), 
  i meant to disagree with your point that christiantiy is over the age of violence against other beliefs or other forms of sexual expression . 
  its true for most of europe , but surley not for the whole world . 
  and secularism is possible in muslim countries too , just look at albania , bosnia or some parts of turkey . 
  it 's just an abrahimic religion thing . 
  however fervent christians in europe are n't running around throwing gays off buildings anymore . 
  etc. . . fyp, 
   at the moment i think we connect better with bavaria and horst seehofer are we ? 
  thats quite an abusive relationship in the best case , in my opinion . 
  people dont like power poles ? 
  lets kick the austrians out of the common market to save the grid . . austrians are ruining our streets , let them pay with a foreigner only tax !, 
  oh and dont forget the hypo , wenn das kein \u00fcber den tisch ziehen war ... i mean thats all perfect legal , but coming fromt the poeple that are said to be the closest to you in this world , its pretty harsh ... 
  dont forget the gas attacks !,
