  we sadly have the same people in lithuania and i ca n't understand why they are harder against the refugees/immigrants than left wing/non religious people - i mean their christian values are much closer to the muslim ones ? 
  both religions kind of drive people to homophobia , sexism , `` family values '' - aside from being called different names , a muslim immigrant would get along better with a right wing christian than an average person who would accept migrants with open arms . 
  a significant part of the eu people are non religious at all so what the pope says does n't matter . 
  being like that myself , i 'd have no problem with a plain fact of people who ran away from war living near me . 
  but them being muslims would be unsettling . 
  not all but a significant enough part . 
  there is a correlation between a skin color and religion but making it into causation is exactly a part of what racism is . 
  yeah , most people who live in middle east are dark skinned and the religion of most people in the middle east is islam , therefore most dark skinned people from the middle east are muslims . 
  but it does n't grant you the ability to just assume all dark people are muslims without being an intolerant cunt . 
  and discrimination against religion ... idk , religion is not something you 're born with without your own choice , it 's a set of ideas and behaviour which in a way define a person ( ality ) . 
  i think islam is wrong and shit , so obviously i do n't really want people to express it where i live which is a pretty islam-free place . 
  though for the actual refugees i 'm sure it 's no problem to try and assimilate with the local culture or at least to not push theirs . 
  a lithuanian goes fishing and catches a magic fish . 
  it says it will grant one wish just there 's a condition : the neighbour of the fisher gets twice as much . 
  the fisher is thinking ... `` i could ask for a million euros . 
  but then the neighbour will get 2 mil . 
  or i could ask for a big house ... but the neighbour will get 2 houses ... '' after some more time passes , the fisher finally sighs and says : `` ok . poke my one eye '', 
  not rape but harrassment . 
  and it 's correct . 
  i think the point of these stats is having all sexual offences , not just actual assaults . 
  sexual harrassment is offence . 
  i in general do n't feel very good about singing . 
  randomly remembered how some girls tweaked the lyrics of this part : * lithuania , our dear homeland , * * land of worthy heroes !, 
  * [ in lithuanian the word `` hero '' is literally `` big man '' ] * may your sons draw strength and vigour * * from your past experience . 
  * so it 's about women instead , filmed and uploaded to youtube how they sing it and got arrested for `` disregarding national symbols '' . 
  i 'm not a fan of this part either , it could be something applicable for everyone instead . 
  wow really ? 
  means my observation that danish somewhat sounds like french is wrong :d, 
  i do n't know why you got downvoted since you 're not wrong . 
  as a non-nordic person learning swedish , seeing norwegian my brain often recognizes it as misspelt swedish ... 
  i do n't think children should fight though . 
  why only males lol, 
  muslims certainly do n't want it . 
   ** women ** and children would not be able to travel like that ? 
  that they are too weak i thought we were talking adult women ? 
  * and , 
  well if that made sense then couple years ago i wouldnt have had to `` broadcast '' some basketball game from tv through snapchat for mom , sister and grandma while they were in turkey . 
  do n't remember the game just remember lithuania lost closely . 
  i 'm feeling like i 'm the only one on this floor who 's actually working and not watching basketball :d, 
  yea , the `` mostly white '' as a description bothered me also . 
  i get it that there 's correlation but we already know that there 's no causation . 
  i do n't care what shade of brown the person has as long as they 're not sexist , homophobic , racist religious nut ( to generalize : as long as they engage in european values ) + speaks the language of the country they moved to . 
  just as well i 'd prefer white sexist , homophobic , racist religious nuts to be out of europe . 
  yeah . 
  last time i just `` crossed out '' the list and wrote `` neither '' lol . 
  extreme rightists might eliminate the immigration problem but they 're extreme rightists after all . 
  all heil `` family values '' , stagnation and discrimination . 
  europe would take a massive step back if all countries were run by rightists . 
  just as the last time . 
  i 'll sabotage my paper as no party represents my views . 
  right wing is right wing and left wing is also right wing , just slightly better . 
  norrbottens l\u00e4n in sweden for me . 
  i think sweden is the best country in terms of values and current culture , also lots of cs : go and they speak my favourite language . 
  as for that l\u00e4n - snow , trees , some mountains . 
  cool . 
  ca n't wait to move . 
  i 'm on the weekend 's night shift so gon na be protecting the company from hackers  my sister is back from scotland for holiday though so me and her gon na be a free manpower for mom 's apartament upgrade plans during the daytime , carrying shit . 
  hopefully i 'll have time for some teamspeak romance with my bf too ... 
   do n't really like to be labelled as polish either because we 're not !, 
  somewhat arbitrary comment : estonia is better than lithuania and latvia . 
  neutral details : estonians speak finno-ugric language as opposed to us and latvians - our languages not only are indo-european but also both baltic . 
  churches in latvia/estonia are different from the ones you see in lithuania latvia has the most slavs latvia and estonia are more expensive than lithuania quite arbitrary again - estonia reminds of the nordic countries , while lithuania is somewhat similar to poland . 
  latvia ... somewhere inbetween, 
  what ? 
  even if they could n't - i do n't see how getting raped by a woman is an enjoyable thing ? 
  we 're not talking about constenting sex , we 're talking about rape . 
  i think it 's great , why asking ? 
  i never said the 2nd part . 
  things like shampoo , hand cream , body lotion mostly . 
  russian brands are pretty cheap, 
  if this was true for all migrants from islamic nations to eu there would be no islam in the northern/western europe, 
  oh my mom and grandma ( especially grandma ) been like hardcore russian products not-buyers for maybe half a year now . 
  i 'm trying to catch up too . 
  i was n't talking about literal nukes . 
  to say it simply , i 'd like europe both without nazis and without islam . 
  these nazis are directly responsible for what they 've done , each of them . 
  but it 's obvious that the politicians could have prevented it or at least could have prevented the people who did n't participate in comitting the crime but are cheering for the criminals a.k.a. 
  these people who used to be neutral to the immigrants but turned to the right side now . 
  not only the politicians * could * have prevented something but it 's also their job to manage the problems in the country . 
  instead they chose to ignore it to not get called discriminative and to not lose popularity . 
  the fact that only the far right parties acknowledge the problem is really fucking scary because desperate people electing them as the only ones who might improve the migrant situation will elect the conservatives with their shitty values after all . 
  and then europe will at least be closer to the islamic countries in terms of culture and values lol . 
  it grows pretty fast . 
  i 'd say during the last few years especially . 
  roads for cyclists are pretty shit though and some of them are like 3 meters long . 
  but the number of bikers increased to be significant enough that car drivers complain about the bikers . 
  also it 's totally normal to see people coming to work by bike , going to the bathroom and switching to office clothes . 
  open-door day at the kaunas airport was today ( bad news : i skipped it . 
  thought it was next week . 
  shit ), 
  oh i find russian beautiful especially in russian punk rock . 
  i wish i heard less russian in my environment though ... 
  latvian sounds like lithuanian just i ca n't understand shit . 
  kinda like a hardcore version of samogitian dialect . 
  danish - like a french ( wo ) man is trying to speak swedish . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/occupation_of_the_baltic_states held it occupied for over 50 years https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_deportations_from_lithuania exiled people to forced working camps in siberia, 
  at my desk , working , drinking coffee . 
  i 'm tired because even though yesterday me and my swede boyfriend planned to go to beds early , we stayed up until 2:00 and 1:00 respectively , discussing politics in europe on ts3 . 
  so i had like 4.5 h sleep . 
  also he 's visiting my homeland for the first time next week so i 'm also looking up things to go to .
