  though definitely this is much better . 
  that feeling when my balcony is full of snow but yesterday i hanged some laundry there and i 've never thought of this while renting this apartament since summer and have n't purchased a broom , though, 
  i see what you mean , but is it so damn hard to not throw them in the first place ? 
  like , seriously ? 
  okay , i do n't smoke , but say if i have bubblegum , snus or a popsicle in my mouth it just comes as a common sense that it 's my responsibility to get rid of the leftovers appropriately , not blame the government for not putting enough trashcans or whatever . 
  that should be a really specific event that i 'd just throw it on the ground . 
  you can even buy the special small `` trashcans '' for the cigarette butts . 
  actually i should have gifted it to my father on xmas !, 
  everything about the article has made me go `` awwww '' in my head . 
  i never realised they were rare in finland though , on the other hand , it does make sense i guess . 
  here they are common but still very `` respected '' ( as in , a similar story of a stork spending the winter in lithuania would make it to the news too ) . 
  i 'm not living as far north , but still north enough to sometimes not experience ( sleep/work through ) the daylight and this is so good . 
  i 'd seriously love the artic circle-ish days though , working in shifts and often them being 22:00 -06:00 night shifts , going to bed when it 's still full blown dark feels so much more `` right '' than in the summer when i walk home and experience so deeply that the day is starting and people are waking up , etc. 
  the arctic kinda day where during a long time of the year it 's either bright or dark the ~ whole 24hours seems so appealing . 
  depends on the driver . 
  according to the rules , they should . 
  some go slower by the bus stop or open door for 1s and close it , some just skip it . 
  but if it 's that situation and somebody clicks `` stop '' and the driver missed all previous empty stops , i doubt they 'd stop now if you do n't stand by the door, 
  my mom 's flower that has a thing like `` winter sleep '' is blooming ... 
  i said * might * correlate . 
  learn to read , how old are you ? 
  literally the coffee i make for myself at home, 
  as the joke goes - a guy who had a crazy ex will tell stories about how she destroyed his property , a girl who had a crazy ex wo n't live enough to tell the stories about him : ^ ), 
  i 'm not even sure . 
  i 'd guess it varies in lithuania . 
  me/my family too , we open them in the evening of the 24th . 
  hilariously , i 've learned that my bestfriend since the age 7 who lived one commieblock away actually does it in the morning/daytime of the 25th when last year we went for a walk in the xmas eve and i gave her a gift but she was like `` what ?? 
  it 's supposed to be tomorrow ! '', 
  but `` unfortunately '' you ca n't do this to a guy using the same method or at least it takes more effort , a simple picture of his hardon wo n't make it . 
  because naked guy or a `` sexual '' guy is not a big deal ( unless it 's a homosexual set up , for example ) . 
  could n't find a better word for `` unfortunately '' but to be clear no , i do n't think it would be cool if suddenly one became able to do the same thing to the other half of population too , i.e. 
  the guys . 
  oh you 're one of these people i was kinda tempted to ask you where exactly is the `` biology '' in your previous comment and to make a guess about your ( lack of ) education in the field but i should learn to stop replying to stupid comments for my own sake, 
  even if you 're in this situation , it 's the thieves that do the wrong , door being open does not make it legal to steal shit . 
  and regarding the protection , it 's all about the extent and conditions . 
  not sending nude photos at all even though you want to send them may or may not be * too * careful . 
  just as i do n't lock both of the locks of my apartament in a `` safe '' area with locked gates and a front block door with a code . 
  well the law does not state that you have to delete by default as you break up . 
  you have to delete by request of the other side . 
  i 'd guess it 's a low chance of someone requesting to delete a love letter . 
  `` science '', 
   this is how our society works . 
  yes and this is the saddest part . 
  destructive and stressful af . 
   i probably would delete/burn the photos ** if she asked ** that 's what the law is trying to enforce, 
  so you 're saying that it 's actually the victim 's fault for having a crime committed against them ? 
  how cute . 
  the investigation begins as the guy claims he did n't do it . 
  same as for every crime where it 's unclear who has commited it . 
  makes sense . 
  to think more of it , i 'd question them motives of the one ( s ) who 'd go through the effort of recovering someone 's purposefully deleted data . 
  what reputational damage exactly can you cause with a love letter ? 
  until exposed sexuality and nakedness is no longer associated to something shameful by society in general , i cheer for laws like this . 
   i \u00b4 d guess this law is overwhelmingly didcated to men ( gender ) . 
  pretty sure women who post revenge porn is just 1-2 % of all cases . 
  because sadly , over the centuries this double standard has been built where a naked body of a woman is for some reason a big deal and sex is something a guy managed to get from a girl ( hence a girl giving head is `` bad '' but a guy giving head to a girl is okay ) . 
  revenge porn only has such effect because to this day the non hidden nakedness/sexuality of a girl is still associated with something negative . 
  and guys always want sex anyway , right ( / s ) ? 
  the reason of someone being an ex might as well correlate with them not being a decent person . 
  software-deleting files from a hdd technically is not destroying them . 
  i assume you 're asking not about the university/college ? 
  because you can learn any language there . 
  but in highschool : since the age 8-9 english or french ( depends on the school . 
  i learned english ) since the age 12-13 russian or german ( depends on the student . 
  i picked russian and i regret it ), 
  in this sub some time ago i 've heard that to sink a danish submarine one has to knock on the door and the dane will open the window to tell they 're not as stupid as norwegians . 
  well even if it does , it does n't mean the driver will stop . 
  i saw them in finland everywhere !, 
  :d did n't really understand the purpose ... 
  zero ? 
  what are numbered weeks ? 
  i 'll start : in lithuania ( or at least in the capital ) even though busses have the `` stop '' button , they often do n't work at all . 
  if you 're making a point that you 're going to jump out at the next stop you have to stand by the door ( by default the driver is suppossed to stop at every stop but sometimes they do n't ) . 
  and near baltupiai in vilnius, 
  oh i grew up near the 3rd one , ca n't see what 's wrong with them haha :d, 
  i love the arlanda shops :d though i 've only been to terminal 5 so my experience might be a bit limited . 
  i liked the lule\u00e5 airport alot . 
  it 's small but cozy , has cool reindeer horn lamps and just like at home ( vilnius ) , i could reach the airport by a regular city bus , no need for some special transport . 
  and the staff is friendly ( or at least that 's my experience ) . 
  also the toilets are pretty bad . 
  i 've never had the opposite situation ... 
  not surprised you 're polish . 
  yep . 
  the soviet nostalgia is strong . 
  not in a way that people want it back though . 
  this winter is complete shit , just like the 2 previous ones . 
  where is -20 ? 
  snow ? 
  will i go skiing outside ? 
  it 's kinda worrying , a friend from northern sweden yesterday sent me a snapchat picture of temperature being -1 . 
  home alone and some russian films which i havent seen but they 've been playing on the background multiple times . 
  if you pick russian ... well , better do n't !, 
  as for lithuanian , yesterday on a tabloid news website i saw an article literally about a swede who learned lithuanian because he has a lithuanian girlfriend . 
  tl ; dr everyone who hears you will be flattered most young people understand english too, 
  they introduced mandatory military here too , i hoped it would be for both genders but was left disappointed . 
  i 'd myself kind of want to enlist but since it 's not mandatory for me , it 's more comfortable not to . 
  i have no idea about retiring but with military , there 's lots of open sexism regarding this question still . 
  i have n't even seen many guys complaining about it , more like the opposite . 
  look at the comments below with guys and their rationalizing why women should n't fight , for example . 
  i hope to see it changed one day .
