i 'm sure finns would take swedes , estonians or even portuguese refugees anyday . 
  do n't pretend you do n't see the cultural difference between europeans and middle easterns . 
  mines too, 
  well being too muslim at least makes sense as it 's not some random genetic parameter with little to no effect on your personality ( like skin colour ) but a set of ideas . 
  i used to be learning french by myself but have dropped and forgotten it by now . 
  however i understood what you wrote - maybe i still have some left in my head :d, 
  and it 's also relatively easy to do . 
  to compare with lots of things , if you do it badly , you better do n't do it in `` live '' environment . 
  if you use language badly , you can still be understood and you improve it this way . 
  i like russian language , it 's beautiful . 
  too bad i have it ruined for me by hearing way too much in my environment . 
   swedish is forced to everyone wow . 
  i 'm trying to imagine if we had forced russian language ( given how lithuania used to be a part of it ) ... wtf, 
  pickled herring is eaten all accross the northern and central europe at least and it 's just fish . 
  you probably meant to say fermented herring , which is a thing mostly just in north of sweden to eat like once a year and the way americans do it in `` challenge '' videos is just cringe material and done completely wrong . 
  swedish food is awesome , for the start you could at least go to ikea and buy meatballs . 
  so yeah , the ones served in the swedish restaurants ( or in a canteen of dreamhack , or bought freezed and cooked at home ) are times tastier . 
  and that 's just the start . 
   steal our women, 
  holy shit . 
  as someone who moved out of a commie block after living there for 20 years to a block built in 2014 ... no way it would be better than nothing . 
  of course , if they 're already built , it 's alright . 
  but to build from scratch a house that has bad sound isolation , bad temperature isolation and central heating nooo . 
  normal apartament blocks in my country are built pretty fast though . 
  i find it weird how it 's not like that somewhere else . 
  that would just be redundant as there should be no muslims that far up north anyway . 
  actually i think the rest of sweden ( where i have been aside from j\u00f6nk\u00f6ping ) is even nicer . 
  but i can see how it would not be nice for someone from middle east, 
  yeah i do n't want people who would even consider that this might be true in europe . 
  i do n't think anyone takes you seriously in general because you seem mental . 
  i mean i checked your posting history , you post on 7 different hate subreddits . 
  some of them look so niche that it should take special effort to even be aware of their existance . 
  talk about the image of country . 
  do you always take things out of context or just in this thread ? 
  nvm i thought you were / u/chemotherapy001 and was referring to their initial comment as a result but anyway , the article equally talks both about men and women . 
  idk why op picked this sentence to name the post as now it looks just taken out of context and it 's not how article is called . 
  it also does cover the ( pretty generic ) reasons why people in general have shorter life expectancy just that is nothing new either . 
  i in general have n't seen anything new in the life expectancy themed articles since i learned about the stats for the first time and i do n't know why is this post on the frontpage . 
  she rejected you , did n't she ? 
  just legalize snus : ^ ), 
  i 'm not talking about the legitimacy of the article , i just do n't understand where do you see sexism there ? 
  you sound like one of these sjw or mra people . 
  there 's no even any gender mentioned in the article 's name , it just states that danes have the shortest life expectancy and in general it just looks like a typical article on life expectancy and you got offended that women were mentioned or something . 
  you said that you want the name to be `` men have the shortest life expectancy - who warns '' but this is barely anything new either . 
  no i 'm console, 
  `` it 's actually about ethics in gaming journalism '', 
  why are you defending , nobody attacked you, 
  / r/nswf / r/nsfw _ gifs / r/dirtysmall / r/bustypetite / r/gonewild there you go bro, 
  this comment made me laugh . 
  you can not that simply integrate an adult . 
  if you were fleeing from war in europe an ended up in middle east , would you integrate that much ? 
  you might learn the language and get a grasp of how things are done around there but i imagine you would not become a muslim . 
  if you 're not in vilnius or klaip\u0117da ... kinda . 
  that 's a very good point actually . 
  it 's easy to be far up north and call names people who close the borders or build the fences when it 's actually not your border and there 's barely a risk of such hordes of illegal migrants on your one . 
  no , but we are moving in a good direction . 
  well they are at least discussed and the tolerance insreases with each year . 
   fighting to build a country they can live in more like to have a grave in  the old , women and children etc adult non-doctor women should go fight then too, 
  do n't ruin svalbard :(, 
  the main reason i want refugee crisis to end is that then i 'll stop arguing with my boyfriend about it . 
  it 's not perfect but we 're on the right ( or actually left ) way - why take a step back . 
  right ? 
  they do n't have to be terrorists to have shit mentality . 
  i do n't want people who are sexist and homophobic to be my neighbours ( which i think is safe to assume that most religious people are ) . 
  what exactly are `` the feminists '' ? 
  even though this word has been given cancer , by definition i classify as feminist ( a.k.a. 
  just as every educated person ) and i 'd like to not import islam in hordes into europe at all and believe me it 's not about the race . 
  but i can say anything i want , it 's not like me , or any other person commenting on reddit , will make some impact ? 
   altar of equality equality is when everyone has equal possibilities , but it only works between people who respect each other and see others as equal ( so in practice it ca n't be worldwide at the moment ) . 
  accepting the ones that believe the opposite is destruction of equality . 
  lithuanians around the border with latvia have a pretty unique accent ( sometimes it 's even classified as a separate language ) which i later learned is pretty similar to latvian language . 
   decency or honor wat, 
  tl ; dr people is the problem, 
   they want the men to come back and fight ? 
  is this what they say ? 
  because if so , they should go and fight themselves if they 're adults . 
   why does n't eu accept all ukrainians ? 
  it does n't need to as 95 % of ukraine is safe and people move to those areas . 
  some move to other european countries ( or even us ) and apply for asylum and are granted it . 
  just the numbers are much smaller . 
   highly educating wiving stock . 
  what a gross expression . 
  lithuania being identified as nordic would make a bad name for the nordic . 
  too early . 
  i hope to see the day we reach sweden 's level ( in terms of mentality is what the most concerns me ) . 
   '' men are equal to women , unless it comes to marriage , then men have to suffer from women '' with this mentality you should get along with part of the migrants better than the actual swedes . 
  i 'm so surprised . 
   tumblr feminists so not feminists, 
   that was important in the past til sexism is no longer present, 
  i think the best way to weed out tumblr - `` feminism '' is completely ignoring it . 
  i 'm all for radical gender equality too . 
  they 're not even radicals , just their methods are really straigthforward . 
  not the ideas . 
  i mean what is `` radical feminism '' at all ? 
  being radically equal ? 
  there 's no such thing . 
  term sounds more like sexism that favours women . 
  so it might help to prevent the possibility/existance of these strict religious households in europe , which is a good thing . 
  ^ another reason to not be very eager about letting in yet another religion . 
   the right wing in poland is actually very strongly catholic , and those are the sorts of people who attend such protests .
