  but it seems cold , dark , remote and with little people - what 's not to like ? 
  but i have n't made a full research yet , there 's a chance that to get the loan as a non-swede i 'd first have to live and work 2 years or so in sweden before applying for loan . 
  so kiruna might not be good for this stage of life - hopefully at least something else in norrbotten would be . 
  true . 
  and both points of view are very very bad . 
  that 's where i want to move after a few years . 
  though it seems like the rate of it jobs they have there is pretty low and i might need to settle somewhere lower : ^ ), 
  hopefully no . 
  aside from the past , at the moment ( especially around vilnius ) we have lots of russian people who do n't speak lithuanian living here . 
  they do not feel the need to learn lithuanian and approach people ( to ask for directions , time , etc ) in russian too . 
  i understand russian and can speak it ( not fluently though ) but if i 'm approached initially in russian i pretend to not understand . 
  if someones rolling around drunk in the kids ' sandbox , it 's usually russians . 
  or fighting in a bus , or is a 7yo high on glue . 
  of course there are lithuanians of the same behaviour but usually if you encounter something like this , you hear russian language . 
  i 'm leftist and i support that . 
  somehow i 'm sure i 'm not alone . 
  believing an incorrect stereotype is discrimination . 
  i think the spanish fruit wine is quite well-known all over europe ? 
  i barely even drink wine . 
  i do n't get it and i apply the same logic for christians and whatever other religion , for that matter . 
  what is `` islamophobia '' anyway ? 
  say homophobia is stereotyping homosexuals into some mindset/behaviour which has no causality from their sexual orientaton . 
  but islam is not a genetic/physical trait , it 's a set of ideas , dogmas , guidelines of action , etc. 
  it 's inavoidable to generalize muslims into some of that as this is what religion does , just like political views or career path would . 
  it 's homophobic to say `` you 're gay so you probably wo n't go see fast and furious with us '' . 
  but it 's not any kind of discrimination to say `` you 're muslim so you probably do n't eat pork '' . 
  as for the negative stuff , not appreciating someone 's behaviour and ideas is not neccessarily discrimination , even if it 's `` protected '' by being a part of one 's religion . 
  if anything , i did n't read the article , my comment is purely related to the comment above me and the term `` islamophobia '' . 
  it 's understandable to illegally cross borders if you 're running for your life . 
  however country shopping after that just makes you an illegal economical migrant . 
  no one 's responsibility is to support the latter . 
  maybe start with surviving from war and fleeing to a safe country , then see what can you do next instead of just being entitled . 
   i literally see cracks in the ground when my swedish bf saw the cracks on the sidewalk in my country he said you wo n't see it in sweden . 
  not sure if exaggerated or truth . 
   my guess is that it was feminists down voting this information . 
  feminists support helping male victims of rape and actually supported this centre . 
  i think you 're getting downvoted for the paranoid mra vibe your comment is giving . 
  on the other hand / r/jokes has become a real cancer by now where if anyone makes a controversial joke and adds `` i 'm sorry if i offended someone '' , the top comment , and sometimes guilded , is `` never apologize for jokes , they 're meant to question one 's values etc etc blahblah '' . 
  also sometimes it 's really just a kind of bad place/time for controversial jokes , even on the internet . 
  one is entitled to their freedom of word , but the rest is entitled to their own reaction . 
  if one is legit , the other is too . 
  awesome news !, 
  i really hope other countries will follow . 
   i really do n't think it helps to stay together `` for the kids '' my parents did n't fight but stayed `` for the kids '' until i was like 16yo , 4/10 , should have divorced earlier , fuck u dad . 
   our politicians probably think they can reform every immigrant into a well-behaved swedish citizen . 
  this could only work with immigrants up to age ~ 10 . 
  it 's sad how the import of a less developed , completely different , in a way destructive culture is now associated with the left wing and nationalism with nazism . 
  i 'm totally on the left wing and have no problems with globalism but the way i see it , it 's much more left to protect your country from people who do n't accept equality than to import them in hordes . 
  this looks like taken out of context . 
  come on , there are yellow leaves fallen everywhere and the central heating is about to get turned on this week . 
  i 'm just upvoting every pic . 
  well that 's literally what northern europe is . 
  i work in shifts so i 'd seriously love polar night/day so i would n't feel this weird bad feeling that it 's bright outside but i 'm just going home and gon na have to go to sleep and just wake up when it 's about to get dark . 
  up north it would be just mostly dark or mostly bright all the time anyway . 
  last week i was on this shift again , it barely get 's bright until 7:00 now , was such a refreshement . 
  out of boredom i sent this pic to finnish friend who lives in helsinki : s : http://imgur.com/iv0cku4 hmmm any idea where this place is ? 
  g : no why ? 
  g : there is like , millions possibilities even in finland to find place like that, 
  well finland is big and i bet this video was taken not near helsinki . 
  as the sun barely even sets i 'd vote is somewhere in lapland ? 
  awesome video though . 
  wow . 
  this album is so beautiful !, 
  no northen europe is northern europe , nordics is a part of it . 
  wtf people , i never claimed the baltics to be nordic !!, 
  i never mentioned the nordics . 
  yeah i was in london, 
  in what context exactly ? 
  if we talk about the traditional geopolitical divisions then all baltic states fall under the northern europe category , so do the nordic countries and the uk . 
  no , i think german . 
  we do n't want into nordic , we are into baltic :p, 
  well we have a few vegan/vegetarian/raw restaurants here and there ... usually expensive and you ca n't pay by card . 
  in conventional places there 's often no meat-free option but recently many new burger places opened and they usually have a vegetarian burger . 
  though once while ordering one , the guy who takes orders ridiculed me for it ( in a non angry manner ) . 
  gluten free and paleo , not really . 
  lithuania 's name was mentioned in the written sources for the first time in the context of a missionary 's beheading http://www.innlithuania.lt/en/apie-lietuv%c4%85/name-lithuania ( i 'm well aware how for some this is not an awesome fact but for me it is , okay ? ), 
  i 've heard so much about rains in the uk but the first time ever i 've visited it ( last weekend ) it was sunny and warm the whole time !, 
  reminded me of that pic someone posted here with a 2-floor bus , `` how tourists see uk , how locals see uk '' . 
  the baltics is not really eastern europe . 
  or if we speak geographically , then finland is eastern europe too . 
  literally had this chat yesterday with my boyfriend :d i know a couple of people who take really great , high quality northern light pics here , in lithuania , they post the pictures quite often . 
  but yesterday an internet friend from northern sweden sent me a couple of phone pics of northern lights , i felt some weird excitement seeing them as they gave the sense of being `` real '' . 
  well with sas i mostly fly in the fokker anyway : ^ ), 
  i like russian language but i 've been exposed to it more than i wanted to and this kinda ruined it for me . 
  neutral i think . 
  especially if you learn the language . 
  never really heard xenophobic jokes about indians 2 . 
  growing , especially for mobile platforms . 
  we have a few lithuanian companies and some foreign companies ( unity comes to mind first ) . 
  in university i even had an optional semester of games development 3 . no idea, 
   they do n't make you pay extra for every single little perk they offer ( like chosing your seat is this true ? 
  i thought they do charge on it . 
  also they charge for registered luggage ( unlike sas ) . 
  i agree about the sas service but norwegian planes are definitely more comfortable for me . 
  also , wifi . 
  i hardly believe in integration of adults at all . 
  you can learn the language and find a job , that does n't mean you 're out of stereotypical middle eastern mentality . 
  associating this woman with feminism is a wrong thing to do . 
  or sexism . 
  it 's really sad to me how more and more ( or so it seems ; might not be true ) people just in general brush off sexism as some issue no longer present ( against women ) or something that in general can not exist ( against men ) .
