  btw i have n't seen any pro-gender equality people to argue against these topics either , as many commenters want to believe they/we do . 
  i 've only seen people saying that mandatory enlisting should in general not exist . 
  * you * are shit at war, 
  sculptures of workers built on a bridge in vilnius during the ussr occupation times . 
  they bothered nobody for decades basically until one potential mayor this spring started agitation that actually it 's soviet imagery , sculptures need to be removed , and lithuania split in two sides , the ones who turns out have always had a problem with these sculptures and the rest ( called ussr fanciers by the first group ) who were either neutral or positive towards them . 
  what if the `` hot chick '' does n't classify as a `` sane person '' ? 
  i believe life in scandinavia is better than life in montenegro though ? 
  we have it down here too and my apartament is on the block 's corner . 
  most of the time it sounds like planes are landing constantly and the vents are making weird `` explosion '' sounds . 
  do you speak livonian by any chance ? 
  i know there 's like some 150 people left so i 'm just asking a random latvian maybe i 'm lucky, 
  i 'm sure for you finns eating out anywhere else is dirt cheap though . 
  i paid 40eur for a salmon in tampere . 
  that 's almost one month 's bills . 
  even in stockholm it was * only * 25 !, 
  salmon was decent though . 
  i 'm really interested in visiting romania or hungary in the summer but my swedish boyfriend is reluctant due to these countries being dangerous with respect to crime ( according to him ) . 
  i wonder , is this exaggeration or not . 
   i 'll take oslo over stockholm i 'll do the opposite . 
  though i 've spent much more time in stockholm than i 've had in oslo , might be a bit biased at this point . 
   for example the munch museum , where you can see the scream the scream is actually located in the other museum in oslo , ironically not the munch 's museum . 
  extreme is wearing a cloth all over your body, 
   rule 1 religious people should have the freedom to practice their religion in an undeterred and unchanged way . 
  as long as it does n't affect non religious people . 
  basically you practice your religion in private . 
  shit like this makes me sick in the stomach . 
  and it 's a mistake to associate with the left views . 
  it 's just as anti-left as it gets . 
  i think it 's hard to predict how safe it is , regarding terrorism ( assuming that 's what 's on your mind ) . 
  if there are no police recommendations to specifically not go to amsterdam , just go ahead with your plans . 
  nobody predicted paris attacks , just awareness got bigger after them . 
   their immigrants ... 
   beautiful women it 's not like they 're some material benefit of the country like health care or education to be handed out for people . 
  in fact , they 're like ~ 50 % of the people . 
  i think that would be way too harsh . 
  i\u00e4m not saying innocent . 
  but the \u00c4smarter parent\u00c4 argument is made up . 
  same can be said about her then + valuable skills of wanting to help people would be passed -, 
  sorry to be a joke killer but you ca n't steal an adult ; it 's called they * leave * you , not someone stole :(, 
  well the thing is , it 's taken seriously in norway and people who plan to move there with kids they are about to slap should make a better research . 
  not like it was unexpected . 
  these mask marches are a joke imo . 
  most/many people there do n't even know what are they protesting against and just how anonymous they are if they click `` attend '' on facebook events . 
  i know a guy who says potatos are shit , tasteless , village food . 
  he 's a retard . 
  probably because you 're a heterosexual guy/lesbian girl and are not interested in the male crowd . 
  being a heterosexual girl , i say : only the males . 
  and yet the end result is the same - average swede ( or norwegian and maybe finn ) is statistically hotter than and average other person, 
  first time i met my finnish friends irl , it was cute/funny the way they said goodbye . 
  and i considered myself pretty antisocial but i 've learned some things that i do naturally now , like to kinda fluently say that i had a good time or thank for something . 
  so yeah , they drop me off at the airport , i shake their hands , say that it was very cool to stay with them and i hope too meet them again , also they can come visit me . 
  then there 's a moment of silence , they hug me and say yep was cool to meet you , bye . 
  right after i get a fb message : `` yeah you see , finnish people are not really good at goodbyes '' :d, 
  it was really lithuania sorry : ^ ), 
   stealing their girls how is it done :d, 
  every country stereotype topic on reddit and irl ever . 
   it 's her fault for being stupid . 
  also his fault for scamming . 
   norwegian government abducting latvian kids i have n't heard of norwegians abducting latvian kids but if by mistake you meant lithuanian kids then i vote these cases being bs and put 10eur on lithuanian parents having actually abused their kids . 
  the `` what , i ca n't even slap my child ? '', 
  mentality is very real here . 
  though handing a kid to a nigerian scammer is far beyond that . 
  right ? 
  i hate this mentality of someone scamming someone being considered `` smart '' , which i often see on reddit , and the victim being called `` deserved it for being stupid '' . 
  i mean in general expecting decency/honesty from people is not a bad trait . 
  that 's why i like that one the most !, 
  same here . 
  i myself have friends taking stupid pride in speeding on the city roads saying they wo n't crash because they know how to drive . 
  and my father two days ago bragged that he almost got his licence , that was taken away for drunk driving , back . 
  well i tried to put something that is `` the norm '' or like more expected . 
  gypsies here live in `` ghettos '' , are often involved in heroin related crime , the areas there are considered dangerous . 
  the police station built there burned . 
  their kids do n't go to ( free ) schools and are often snorting glue or doing other shit like that . 
  though it 's just the results that i see , i 'm not aware of the root cause of this situation . 
  i 've heard that originally they were put in that `` ghetto '' area during the soviet period and nobody took any care . 
  pretty shitty . 
  meeting i 'd say is usually through friends of friends . 
  though online is popular too . 
  often it 's still sort of friends of friends . 
  now the shitty part , gender roles are veeery real . 
  guy pays for dates ' expenses ( even if both are low income or the girl is higher income ) , i 've even seen girls who think a guy should drive a girl ( even if the girl has a licence and a car ) . 
  girls `` have '' to play hard-to-get and guys `` have '' to `` chase '' . 
  sex on the 1st date = bad , girl taking initiative = very bad , about the time before becoming a couple idk if there 's anything significant . 
  ^ ( yeah no wonder the 1st time i brought myself to changing my relationship status on fb is now that i 'm dating a swede ), 
   and did communion haha me too . 
  i had no idea what it is though , just wanted the dress and the celebration . 
  dad was talking to me something about god the evening before it and i had no clue what he 's talking about , it was very awkward and i wanted it to end . 
  baptized by parents when i was not in a position to resist really ( 1yo ? 
  idk ) not christian or any other sort of religious at all , i 'm actually waiting for centralized religion to die natural death . 
  the name itself was created decades if not ages ago because women are/were the traditionally discriminated gender . 
  feminist people exactly do support the idea of gender * equality * . 
  i honestly do n't understand all the bitterness towards feminism . 
  like , i see alot of complaining about it on reddit and facebook but i do n't see any of these `` attacks '' that feminists make on these poor cry babies . 
  it 's like taking the looking for something to get offended about to the next level - making up something to get offended about . 
  reminds of these anti vegetarian people who just really really want a vegetarian to start rubbing his/her idealogy so they can `` fight back '' and maybe rant about it online . 
  well i always wanted to live in one of the nordic countries . 
  i also want to live around arctic circle . 
  voted out finland because the language is impossible , and picked sweden because , as opposed to troms\u00f8 university in norway , there is something that would go well for my master 's degree in lule\u00e5 tekniska universitet . 
  the study programme takes place in kiruna . 
  as for the city itself , i have n't been there , only went to lule\u00e5 .
