  that 's what 's not well with israel 's approach in my opinion . 
  seriously , they send conscripted people for offense ? 
  someone does it these days in ~ civilized countries ? 
  i 'm childfree and i 'm moving to sweden so do n't count on me . 
  i 'm working on the lousy 9:00 -18:00 shift after maybe 3 weeks of 22:00 -06:00 and similar , that means that i constantly see people and needless to say that i had to wake up 7:00 to be here on time . 
  7:00 is when i * go * to sleep , ffs . 
  could n't even fall usleep until , idk , like 4:00 ? 
  for the rest 4 days of the week i just took vacation . 
  left boyfriend cuddled up warm in * my * bed with * my * cat . 
  he 's not even up yet . 
  i hope he wo n't complain if i 'm tired early ... 
  he 's my guest so i said do n't worry about the dishes but i secretly hope he 'll get bored at some point and do them to make me happy :(, 
  europe is n't . 
  but it 's not because of lack of women capable of bearing children . 
  hence it does n't imply that the ones who would n't service would bear children instead . 
  it kind of reminds the argument some people have against homosexuality . 
  when they say that they 're against legalizing their marriage because these families will not bear kids . 
  so same as in that case , just because one is not cinscripted , does n't mean they will make babies instead . 
   women also have difficulty achieving the same goals , struggle with existing equipment and pull combat effectiveness down in mixed groups . 
  again , assuming it 's true , applying generalizations for large groups in complex environments end up in a high error rate . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd want an army formed on statistical principles . 
  yes , but the humanity is not dying out , if anything , earth is overpopulated by humans, 
  not in sweden , but the conscription does not apply to me and that 's a pity . 
  i 'd really quite want to serve but since it 's not mandatory i just ... do n't . 
  not enough motivation to put job and reddit shitposting on pause by myself . 
   female lives are more precious when it comes to the population growth irrelevant at this day, 
  what 's on average is not really important since there are so many people and so many different things that affect their overall physical fitness that you end up needing to evaluate each individually anyway . 
  while , e.g. 
  80 % is a big number , if we talk about 10 000 people , the 20 % girls equal to or stronger than an average male would be 2000 and that 's quite a bunch to just put in the office jobs by default . 
  they 're not just taking people in bulks and assigning them to random roles , tests are being done and performance is being evaluated . 
  and the roles in the military are really diverse so you being wimpy might be a big deal for one but not for another . 
  also you 're getting physical trainings there too to reduce the wimpyness , i 've talked to the military academy students since i was kinda interested , they said regardless of how wimp you are , you will be trained `` but you will be trained by the soldiers and it will be hardcore '' . 
  not everyone is assumed for some artilerist position . 
   they could , however , be also conscripted , take a lighter training programme and serve in supplementary positions . 
  again , automatically assuming that the girl is weaker and the guy is stronger for things like military is malicious both for the girl and for the guy . 
  as the tests are done for both genders anyway , why not make a one standard for all the people ( or just apply the male standard for both genders ) instead of having one for the girls and one for the guys ( as it is now in lithuania ) . 
   women are often discriminated at work due to absence for kids . 
  adding to that bias by also conscripting them seems terribly unfair . 
  literally the first time i see legitimate info regarding why women should n't be conscripted . 
  however , as you mentioned , this is getting outdated ( and already is in norway ) as maternity leave is now parental leave . 
  sadly still not very socially acceptable here but i hope to see the change . 
   87 per cent of respondents think that both men and women are to be taken out of military service . 
  everyone 's discussing the concept of mandatory drafting and i 'm just thinking that this part is so cool . 
  lithuania introduced mandatory drafting this year and it 's only mandatory for guys , nobody even raised the question or anything . 
  is n't army training in sweden pretty loose though ? 
  you can go fot like 2 months , or so i 've heard ( might be mistaken ) . 
  my bigger concern with forced drafting is that * if * there 's war , you 're forced to be involved then too . 
   how do you cope with all that snow ? 
  we do n't really . 
  we just coexist without conflict ... 
  not me , i just walk through snow, 
  a child would be scarred for life if they see exposed breasts * in general * actually, 
  everyone i know buy alcohol before getting into a car , in a store . 
  bigger choice and cheaper . 
  and there 's a big store on like every big road before leaving the actual city . 
  food + car stuff is n't weird , they can just coexist . 
  and every village with peope living has a store . 
  meh , i 'm leaning to support it . 
  no i know that it 's not like the cause of drunk driving is spontaneous alcohol buyers filling in gas on the kaunas-klaip\u0117da but this law prevents the spontaneous alcohol buyers filling in gas on the kaunas-klaip\u0117da . 
  even if it 's just one car a year ( for example these guys that took me in 2013 while hitch hiking and it was the scariest ride i 've had ) , that one car would be enough to cause a serious accident . 
  i do n't think theres * such * a big demand for alcohol access in the gas station that this law would cause big inconveniences . 
  there 's literally no point to buy alcohol in the gas station within the cities most of the time as the normal shops close 22 or 23 anyway . 
  the whole idea of a service which one uses mainly for the car also suggesting alcohol seems a bit * off * when you think about it . 
  i doubt there is a uniform database . 
  in lithuania we have a website with really many products built by volunteers/enthusiasts though . 
  well the value of money varies from country to country too . 
  in lithuania you can get drivers license for ~ 500eur but that 's like my all monthly wage after paying the rent ( without bills ) and i earn above average . 
  oh okay , maybe i am . 
  til there are vaccines against measles . 
  i 'm vaccinated against some stuff and i remember getting regular vaccines from some other stuff while i was a kid , but at that time ~ every kid would get measles . 
  was pretty bad when my ~ 30yo mom caught it , apparently the older you get it , the worse it goes , mom was full blown sick for like 7 days , on the edge of going to the hospital , while for me it was maybe couple of days of fever and 3 days of vacation from school . 
  well most likely a kid has 2 options for a surname just as they 're born - their mom 's or their dad 's . 
  i do n't think it 's sexist , it 's not like you could ask a 2 days old kid to think of some surname anyway , you just give them your surname to identify with your family kinda . 
  as long as the couple agrees on whose surname the kid gets ( not the default pre-determined setting that it has to be the guy 's surname even if one or both of them do n't want it ) , it 's not sexist imo . 
  i do n't care whose surname exactly i get , i myself have my dad 's and sister has my mom 's but if i were to marry , i would n't change it both because it 's a hassle and because i do n't like the the origins of the tradition + the default expectation by a big part of society coming with it . 
  luckily my bf is a swede coming from an unmarried family , so i do n't see conflicts on this matter upcoming in the future . 
  they have n't had any other surname before getting the one from possibly their father , i.e. 
  `` their fathers ' '' surname has also been their surname since day 1 2 . 
  the point of not taking your husband 's surname ( with respect to sexism ) is that you 're not continuing the sexist tradition which originated from a daughter of the family literally becoming other family 's ( or the husband 's ) `` property '' . 
  a part of the women probably do n't even care about the sexism part , just changing the surname is inconvenient , especially if you have some professional achievements under your real surname . 
  lucky are the people whose mother tongue languages are very similar to some other language ( s ) , i wonder how it feels ( e.g. 
  spain-portugal ) . 
  that 's almost like a `` free '' new language to learn as it should be really easy ( ? ), 
  i 'm in the process of learning swedish atm , of course i have n't reached the same level as i have in english yet but when for curiosity i found a norwegian pop song 's lyrics it was pretty cool , i understood their context just the understandable words felt as if they were horribly misspelt on purpose . 
  it 's same here and is so annoying . 
  when i was a 20yo paid intern in one company , i asked another 20yo paid intern ( from a different stream ) how much he gets while we were putting the servers into racks for like 3 hours in the basement . 
  his reply : `` well you should n't ask this question , it 's very impolite '' ... ... 
  i do n't think it 's only scandinavian though ? 
  literally everywhere i 've been , by default you take off the shoes . 
  i 've never been outside of europe though . 
   but i feel that we spend way too much time about these problems i feel the same way . 
  is it such a big deal that some constenting adult , who is n't me or my so wants to marry other constenting adult who is n't me or my so ? 
  so why prevent them from it ? 
  just allow people to marry and move on , it 's just that simple . 
  who cares about the way they fuck , let 's not be creepy . 
  honest question , why do you think so ? 
  i remember , last year i saw the article or something about estonia recognizing same-sex union regardless of people 's voting and it gave me good mood . 
  i 'm embarassed . 
  not the first snow !, 
  we had in november !,
