  i had it a few times in kalisz ... it was great - but i forgot the name . 
  and when you are done with that ... get a mettbr\u00f6tchen ( with onions ) !, 
  andouillette is the most horrible thing i ever tasted ... 
  worse than the squid-sushi i had in japan . 
  unbelievable that mehdorn is getting that ber-job . 
  barbarian :-), 
  come on ... this would involve common sense ... and we are talking about politicians . 
  remember ... we have the best gouvernment , that money can buy . 
  why should they ? 
  we are giving them the money for free ... 
  but hey , we are getting insults for our money - so at least we are getting something . 
  my keyboard refuses to do that ... :(, 
  here in germany , you see a lot of sk\u00f4das on the street ... well ... my wife and me are both driving sk\u00f4das . 
  the cars are affordable , look good , the engineering is good and the maintenance service is great . 
  10/10 : would ( will ) buy a sk\u00f4da again . 
  3 gb prepaid ? 
  you should consider several blowjobs at the telekom headquarter . 
  unlimited data ? 
  20gb cap ? 
  in germany it is great when you have a 3gb cap and 50mb when you are outside of germany . 
  i do n't :(, 
  well , the new retirement age is the same as in germany . 
  this includes the 40 years of contribution . 
  on first thought it seems fair , that the retirement age is the same - but on a second thought , this would be pretty bad for the employment rate of younger people . 
  why not raise it gradually , so the demand for new employees does not drop instantly ? 
  this whole thing is so frustrating . 
  why do our politicians try to force greece to implement a system instantly , that took decades to implement in other countries . 
  why do they not understand , that there needs to be a greek solution and not a `` standartized european gvt template '' . 
  the money that was given to greece is gone ... we all knew it when the first billions were transfered . 
  it would be easier for everybody to give them the debt cut and give them a chance , to got on their own feet again . 
  this is kinda strange when you are used to receive a smile back , when you smile at others . 
  but hey ... `` andere l\u00e4nder , andere sitten '' ( different countries , different customs ) but as you said - as soon as i was talking to anybody , everybody was super-friendly . 
  stockholm and gdansk ... 
  both are very beautiful cities with nice people ... ( except that the polish people never smile ... ), 
  the swedish females ? 
  have you ever looked at chech females ? 
  they are definitely in the same league . 
  pffft ... what have we done to you ? 
  ok ... what have we done to you in the last 70 years ? 
  kaiser wilhelm ii in early 1914 i would tell the austrians that i am very sorry for their loss and that i will gladly help them defend austria against attacks from serbia . 
  i would also tell them , that when they want to go to war , they should do i themselves . 
  afterwards i would make sure , that a certain immigrant from austria will be shot ... twice !, 
  storytime ? 
  congratulations , dear neighbours . 
  you deserve it . 
  maybe you are on to something here . 
  at first , there was this bridge ... then they started this pegida-movement ... 
  so this bridge inspired racism ? 
  there is a cap of 1800 $ . 
  you get that much when you earn 2770 $ ( after taxes ) or more . 
  having a child in germany is expensive , if you want to raise him/her properly . 
  you have to pay for daycare - or you can care for your child on your own , but then you will lose income . 
  it is possible to give birth and go back to work after a few weeks , but who really wants to do that ? 
  there is `` elterngeld '' , where you can stay at home for 12 months , but you will only have 67 % of your income ( or 24 months with only 33,5 % of your income ) . 
  that is ok , when you earn enough . 
  but if you need both full incomes to pay for food , rent and all the other things ? 
  that sounds bad :( if there is not enough money to build water-sanitizing-systems it would be understandable - but taking the money and not investing ... that is a shame . 
  dirty water is a good reason to riot . 
  a few years ago i was in timisoara . 
  i was warned , that the water would not be safe to drink . 
  i was surprised , that this is still possible in europe . 
  i did not try it . 
  are there any improvements in the water quality ? 
  ( not that this would excuse such a raise ), 
  actually ... how many germans did you meet in your life ? 
  there are a few right wing idiots who keep on believing and repeating the stupid propaganda from the 30s/40s . 
  but the majority of us germans is nothing like you described , besides our bi-weekly bismarck-stauffenberg parades , that are mandatory for every good german citizen ... 
  why do the poles think , that we do not like them ... ? 
  there might be a few grudges against the polish gouvernment ... but not against the poles themselves . 
  i like the poles !, 
  ( except that taxi-driver who tortured us with horrible music when he drove us from kalisz to wroclaw ), 
   hopefully these jihadist thoughts eventually die off just like the leftist terrorists in the 70s and 80s . 
  i doubt that . 
  it seems , that it is the youth that turns to more radical parts of the islam . 
  these terrorists are not middle aged men with a family , these are young guys who only have their idiotic views of the world . 
  oh thank you . 
  i am interested in trout mating rituals , too . 
  what a coincidence . 
  have a good day , sir . 
  i am not so sure , that topless women would be the best solution right now ... 
  i do not think , that everything needed to start an apprenticeship can be taught in two years . 
  especially in technical apprenticeships you need a very good unterstanding of math , need to be able to understand difficult texts , need a good understanding of physics , etc. 
  apprentices who went to realschule are already struggling when they are learning to be an `` elektroniker fachrichtung industrieelektronik '' or a `` mechatroniker '' . 
  is this an indication , that turkey might be asked to leave the nato ? 
  this might be the whole point . 
  erdolf does not want do be a dictator - he wants an unlimited and cheap source of energy for the whole world . 
  he is the good guy , actually . 
  it most certainly is the oil and gas lobby that is forcing the media to create such a bad image of him ... 
  but erdolf planned for that , so he can make more stupid accusations so atat\u00fcrk will rotate a lot more . 
  what a plan . 
  ssshhhh ... do n't mention the periods . 
  i am so glad , that merkel is not ruining our reputation ... we are still europes party nation . 
  intimidate the other teams ? 
  drug their food ? 
  invade their countries ? 
  ban them from entering the country ? 
  make sure the matches are played in space , so only space faring nations may compete ? 
  ( sorry poland ... ) hold the families of the players as hostages ? 
  clone several good players ? 
  alter the rules , so to make a goal count , the player has to cite dostojewski in proper russian ?
