the irish might want to have a word with you ... 
  in germany they also own real , a chain of food/non food stores like walmart ... they actually bought the walmart stores , as they left germany . 
  pff , you have n't had a clue ... 
  hungary wins ... 
  but then there is portugal ... england ... italy . . 
  like most of the voters, 
  hmmm ... none of my friends and none of my colleagues sympathizes with putin and his actions . 
  it is more like people are lighting candles for the ukraine people . 
  actualy , we all are a little affraid of a possible war - especially as this would be just around the corner . 
  bavaria is nice ... the problem are the bavarians . 
  juhuu , we have someting in common , 
  bilingual ?? 
  france ... bilingual ? 
  is there any other coffee . . ? 
  chianti in the jar ... thank you very much - i just spilled my coffee !, 
  the problem is , there is no proper beer in belgium . 
  so you have to ask yourself that even if you are able to buy a lot of beer in belgium , would n't it be better for your tastebuds to buy liquor ? 
  my bad ... 
  no , i am german ... and not very lucky with our government and the way they handle these things . 
  no no no ... we need expensive drones that are not allowed in european airspace ... we need navy helicopters that are not capable of landing on our ships ... we need pension for several ex-presidents ... we need underground railway stations ... we need higher energy costs ... ( for the people - not for the industry ) we need bank bailouts ... oh yes ... that will save us all . . we need a road toll system that will cost more than it will make ... we need a large airport with stupid architectual ideas , like smoke suction systems in the floor ... we need tax excemptions for people who already earn more than the other 75 % ... what we do not need is more austerity . . we have plenty of that . 
  i am so glad , that somebody is doing something against that monster . 
  god bless you , escalat0r . 
  my number one reason to stick to reinheitsgebot beer : reinheitsgebot beer : = no headache in the morning other beer : = no morning, 
  because being employed does not mean that you are paid enough . 
  it is a fact , that there are more employed people in germany than ever before . 
  it is also a fact , that there are more employed people in germany , who have to get money from the state ( `` aufstocken '' ) to make a living . 
  this means , that there are a lot of people who are additionaly paid by our taxes ... and will be pais by taxes until they die , as they are not able to put any money into the state pension system . 
  so stop voting them into congress !, 
  berlin is everything - but not cheap . 
  you might want to look at the southern party of germany - there are a lot of companies looking for employees . 
  naa ... let 's make an app for making apps ... boom bang - a lot more innovation !, 
  pictures - or it did not happen !, 
  maybe my question was not clear . 
  i wanted to know , how other people in other european countries handle these thoughts and problems . 
  germany ... full time job in automation . 
  they love tango dancing !, 
  i finnish girl once told me , that the finns are the italians of scandinavia . 
  39 hours per week , 30 days paid leave ( excluding national holidays ) , 6 paid sick weeks ( after that the healthcare pays 65 % of your wage - but my employee pays the other 35 % for 33 weeks ) ~ 2,1 k euros after taxes per month ( in november the wage is doubled `` christmasmoney '' ) additional retirement fund , cheaper car insurance , paid overtime . 
  so many anti-german comments ... 
  the businessinsiders seem to hate us :(, 
  they sell hot dogs with red sausages ... ( well , danish hot dogs taste like crap if the sausage is not red ) they have matilde !!, 
  ! 111 ( some sort of cocoa ... very sweet , very tasty ! ), 
  when i was a kid , the danish fanta tasted different than the german fanta . 
  it had a very nice orange flavour . . i loved it . 
  lots of sex shops right behind the border  beautiful girls !!!!, 
  everything seems nice and friendly there . 
  my first lol of the day . 
  thank you , 
  and you have looneys and twooneys , 
  this is still done in germany ... especially when it comes to fuel ... everybody is comparing the ice cream prices to the old dm prices . . ( oh my god ... 90cent for one ball of ice ? 
  that is like 1,80 dm ! ), 
   one of the most hilarious things i ever read  actually , the whole book is hilarious . 
  excuse me ... you spelled `` we have been badly hurt by our corrupt government and their corrupt minions '' wrong . 
  but never mind ... the euro was badly hurt by them , as well . 
  * rabbit and horse are traditional meals in/on malta * the buses are awesome * they are driving on the left * kinny is the local softdrink * playmobil has a factory there * they have a popeye village * candle night at the birgu festival is one of the most romantic things you can see in your whole life * fishing boats have painted eyes  * there is a very very old church , that is carved into a mountain in the north of malta ... a must see i realize , i liked being there . 
  we should repeat that vacation !, 
  i was there in 2010 . 
  during our vacation , we did a daytrip to gozo , the neighbouring isle . 
  when we were at the `` azure window '' , there was a strange film set . 
  people painted with blue stripes , leather clothes , strange tents , sfx guys preparing for a lot of gore ... a large guy walking around , smiling and chatting with a lot of tourists . 
  a few years later we realized - it was the wedding scene of khal drogo ( the large , smiling guy ) and daenaeris . 
  i still need to figure out , where the pictures are , we took on that day . 
  maybe it would make all others look bad ? 
  i am not a vegetarian . 
  andouillette probably was the worst food i ever tasted . . worse than the squid-sushi in japan . 
  well ... and nobody deserves to be served wurstsalat . 
  andouillette , for example ... 
  tztztz ... and people are saying , that we do not have a sense of humor . 
  it is some sort of cocoa ... very tasty , very sweet - and you will not find it outside of denmark . . ( sadly ) http://www.matilde.dk/, 
  badger activists ? 
  any chance for an explanation ? 
  rundstykker ... with salted butter and a cup of `` matilde '' ... 
  because even the brittish have better bread than you . . ? 
  exactly !, 
  i also forgot to mention the collection of nra-stickers he had on his car ... 
  my old company sent me to tinker afb in oklahoma , to assist in the repair of some maintenance equipment . 
  the guy who picked me up at the airport told me , that i can not put my suitcase on the backseat of his truck ( one of these unreasonable big vehicles , that we europeans always laugh about ) as all his guns and rifles are stored there . 
  on the backseat were several firearms ... 
  i felt very uncomfortable . 
  it really takes the fun out of invading :(, 
  as a european , who just came back from a vacation in canada , i think it is mind boggling that there are people from so many different cultures living together in canadian cities in somewhat harmony and sort of affection ...  actually , i really enjoyed sitting in a coffee place in vancouver and see so many different looking people walking by peacefully . 
  i loved it !, 
  well ... it is not only for heavy users . 
  the plan to reduce the bandwith after 75gbyte for 16mbit connections . 
  uli hoeness from fc bayern munich did not pay his taxes and hid his money in switzerland ... ( almost ) everybody is raging . 
  the weather improves ... it feels a little bit like summer . 
  the telekom anounces , that they will stop providing internetflatrates in the future . 
  so . . if you download a lot , your bandwith will be reduced . 
  even if they would ... the spd will not win the next election . 
  and even if they would win the election , the industry will surely not pay higher wages ... 
  so ... we are fucked , too ... just in another way . 
  ah ... let him keep his babar ... bavarian flag . 
  germany would be glad to let them have their own country ... , 
  i do ... 
  damn ... 
  i was there in 2010 ... so i forgot the proper spelling  any idea how i can get it in germany ? 
  try `` kinney '' from malta ... it is pretty similar . 
  i am sure , this was merkels idea ... 
  ah great ...  you do n't have a recipe for that , do you ? 
  what is the name of that polish soup , that is served within a loaf of bread ?
