  your language is n't that special . 
  wow turkey , i was n't aware you did n't want eu membership * that * much !, 
  seriously though , it 's almost inconceivable seeing this sort of horseshit coming from a country on the doorstep of europe ( unless you count russia ) . 
  no , no they have n't . 
  i 've yet to see one instance of a mainstream journalist using the term correctly . 
   the guardian well , no surprises there . 
  i consider that rag to be little better than a left wing daily mail . 
  ireland wo n't like this . 
   does that make the us aircraft carriers super large ? 
  er , that * is * why they 're called `` supercarriers '' . 
  jesus , touchy much ? 
  i 'm sure we can delay things a few years . 
  is anybody in any particular rush to invade israel ? 
  hopefully that transpires to be the case . 
  the royal navy and raf need their own aircraft . 
  good points . 
  i still think that the raf having to share f-35bs with the royal navy is am absolute disgrace though . 
  i thought the f-35 was gon na replace the tornado for raf ground attack capability ? 
   aerial inferiority  they ca n't logistically move enough forces there in a few years time they will have 3 large aircraft carriers between them , as well as raf akrotiri . 
   fun fact , the israeli army is actually larger than the french and british armies combined . 
  is n't that because of conscription though ? 
  i doubt any hypothetical british-french coalition would be interested in an extensive ground war in israel anyway . 
  it would quickly become a quagmire . 
  is germany really planning on replacing the tornado with the eurofighter ? 
  because as it stands , the typhoon is n't a better ground attack jet . 
  which is a shame , because considering the nature of modern wars , it 's still a fantastic ground attack aircraft . 
  looks sexy as fuck too . 
  the f-15 and f-16 are older . 
   but i doubt any country outside of the us could seriously even consider invading it in terms of military power . 
  a combined french-british coalition should do it though, 
  for a military with a small budget they sure do have a lot of nice domestically produced equipment , and an excellent win-loss ratio . 
  while this is true , i read recently that this is only the case outside of europe . 
  due to economies of scale , diesel still works out cheaper than petrol in europe . 
  i ca n't remember the source on that though , so i could be wrong . 
  diesel also needs to be refined less which means that it 's less expensive to produce . 
  it 's also more efficient to burn than petrol in most cases . 
  the tax discrepancy is non-existent or negligible in most countries . 
  not to be blunt , but when it comes to defining eastern europe , due to the lack of concrete definitions , the perceptions of outsiders ( legitimate or otherwise ) will always trump those of the people living within the region . 
  this phenomenon is far from unique to this situation though . 
  for example ; ireland is frequently included by outsiders in the archipelago called the british isles . 
  however , this designation pisses irish people off to no end regardless of how true or untrue it is , simply because of what the name implies . 
  but as long as outsiders continue to refer to the region as such , the name will stick . 
  what 's also worth noting is that when modern western europeans think of eastern europe , the association with russia is less than it was in the past . 
  it 's just a region now . 
  what was instrumental in this change was the wave of immigration from former soviet bloc nations to the west after those countries joined the eu . 
  `` eastern european '' just became a homogeneous way of defining these immigrants when westerners were unable to tell the individual nationalities apart . 
  ha , surprised i had to scroll down this far to find dublin mentioned . 
  but i guess you 're right in that it 's not rated very highly to begin with , so its shittiness does n't defy expectations too much . 
  god i hate dublin so much . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  there are no hard borders defining west , east , and central europe , but most people associate any country that was behind the iron curtain as being part of eastern europe . 
   the french had a huge hand in the retaking of the mainland france , with without the invasions of germany and the like would n't have happened , which lead to the end of the war in europe . 
  huge overstatement . 
  he definitely voted remain in the brexit referendum . 
  sweden , stop buying into america 's blm bullshit . 
   and there is why you have no idea what you 're talking about the coup was a gulenist coup we tought it was like that at first as well but nope it 's now confirmed that it was in fact done by gulenists . 
  confirmed by fucking who ? 
  that 's been erdogan 's narrative from the moment the coup took place , and i do n't believe a word that comes out of that man 's mouth . 
  he wanted a scapegoat to justify his purges and the gulenists were an easy target due to the fact that there was already bad blood between them and erdogan . 
   anti-government newspapers and chp , hdp , mhp is doing pro erdogan propaganda now ? 
  post-coup , i would n't be surprised considering the exacerbation of erdogan 's crackdown on the free press . 
   gulen is an islamic cult leader who have dreams of turning turkey to theocracy with him as a head . 
  erdogan is an egotistical cult leader who has dreams of turning turkey into a dictatorship with him as a head . 
  regardless , it 's clear that you 're an erdogan shill , so do n't be surprised if i stop replying to you now . 
   why do you want turkey to become a theocracy ? 
  wait , what ? 
  the purpose of the coup was top * stop * turkey becoming a theocracy under erdogan . 
  similar in purpose to all military coups in turkey since the 1960 's . 
  do n't tell me you 're actually buying erdogan 's post-coup propaganda ? 
   do n't change the subject i 'm not the same guy . 
   does it warrant an investigation or not ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  it 's not going to be carried out impartially , because as i said , it 's at the behest of erdogan . 
  but full disclosure , i * really * wish that coup had succeeded . 
  turkey was never that great - at least by european standards . 
  i would n't trust any investigation that 's at the behest of erdogan . 
  i think it 's irrelevant to discuss how capable the turkish army was pre-coup . 
  what 's important is that the armed forces are severely weakened after erdogan 's purges . 
  but plenty of people * were * using the majority of the railway lines . 
  well , as a result the irish people had to contend with a woefully inefficient transport network for decades . 
  i thought the limerick-foynes line closed decades ago ? 
  a major part of it was caused by a transport minister in the 1930 's ( his name escapes me ) favouring motorbuses as a cheap and effective way of mobilising the largely rural population . 
  to encourage their adoption , rail subsidies were cut and therefore only the most profitable lines survived ( this is also one of the reasons why trams disappeared from ireland 's cities ) . 
  it ended up being a disastrous decision because ireland 's road network was woefully underdeveloped whereas our rail network at the time had been on par with that of britain in most aspects . 
  irish rail transport has never recovered . 
   france makes peugeots with good reputations not since the 1990 's . 
  football and eurovision . 
  it 's the only reason we 're not at war with australia too . 
  yes , * chaplin * ... 
  the crimean one is a bit different though because it was ultimately occupied by a an external force that was deemed to have illegally * invaded * the territory of another sovereign nation . 
  that seems to fly in the face of the concept of self-determination . 
   who wanted illegal secession . 
  why was the secession considered illegal ? 
  are you having a stroke ? 
  huh , i knew about bermuda 's and macau 's 12 % rate , but i could have sworn the cayman islands had a lower rate . 
  ah sure that was only a bit of friendly banter between us and the usa . 
  sure we even included the dutch in the european version . 
  ah , 12.5 % corporation tax is n't * that * low as tax havens go . 
   ireland was in fact the poorest country in the eu when we joined and we were one of the richest less than 10 years ago , so that excuse does n't stack up . 
   as a staunch remain voter , one of the actual good things about potentially leaving is that corp. tax will go through the floor still wo n't be as low as ireland 's though .
