jlr do pretty well in america . 
  they do n't sell a huge volume of vehicles , but they make a nice profit on those that they do . 
  also , volvo has had a long term presence in the american market . 
  yet many of the domestic american brands got away with being cheap and crap for so long . 
  i 'm often surprised the american auto industry did n't crash much earlier . 
  at least things are improving now . 
   the biggest difference aesthetically are the chunkier front bumpers and those horrible orange reflectors they put on the front bumpers/lights . 
  i dunno - a lot of of american cars are * very * good at depreciating . 
  and besides , a european car will always generate some degree of interest in america . 
  itt : americans bitching . 
  what exactly do you mean by the dental pronunciations though ? 
  eh , every dialect of irish has their variations like that . 
  it 's just the department of education seems to prefer munster irish slightly above the others ( kerry influence probably ) , so it 's declensions are perceived as more normal . 
  what 's supposedly wrong with `` br\u00f3ga\u00ed '' ? 
  well , i * am * from munster and to be fair , munster irish is very different to ulster irish in terms of pronunciation . 
  to me , the more extreme variants of ulster irish might as well be another language . 
  connacht irish is kind of a halfway house between the two . 
  i find some variations of the ulster accent ( derry and cavan in particular ) to be insufferable and often difficult to understand . 
  any person from the other provinces who has done the irish aural exam in the leaving certificate , knows how much of a pain it is trying to decipher what the person from ulster is saying . 
  i thought it was people from ulster who ca n't speak english ( or irish for that matter ) ? 
  and then the healy-raes undid all that work . 
   for irish people it has to be cork . 
  only if you live in dublin . 
  most people from outside the pale usually sing cork 's praises . 
  now limerick on the other hand ... 
  the irony being dublin is fucking awful . 
  what do belgians actually think of `` in bruges '' ? 
  i 'm curious because it is such a quintessentially irish film . 
  bar a few extras , our 's is a base model . 
  i know cruise control is standard in the higher spec mk .2.5 s though . 
  i 've less than 35,000 km done in my focus though . 
   first one died at 211000km . 
  the current one has about 190.000 ish km on it . 
  jeez , you do a lot of mileage . 
  i 've got a 2011 1.6 tdci 110 . 
  once you go diesel , you 'll never go back . 
  especially in a car the size of the focus . 
  effortless to drive . 
  could do with a 6th gear and cruise control for motorways though . 
  but we have another car we tend to use for longer journey 's anyway . 
  what engine do you have in your mk .1.5 ? 
  yeah , i do n't really like the mk .3 at all . 
  i think the mk .1.5 and the mk .2.5 were the best looking focuses , also the best to drive in both my experience and according to reviews i 've read . 
  it appears you are correct . 
  i could have sworn ford launched the current focus as the mk .4 . 
  as somebody who is big into cars , this is rather embarrassing since i actually own a mk .2.5 focus . 
  thanks for the info . 
   true , the guards is a colloquial expression but it 's not slang . 
  that would be a more accurate way of putting it , yes . 
  is it not a mk.iii ? 
  ( i.e. 
  the facelifted mk.ii ) . 
  technically `` garda\u00ed '' would be the official term for our police force in regular use . 
  `` guards '' is sort of slang . 
  all the other countries on the map are using official names . 
  but the english speaking majority in ireland also call our police the garda/garda \u00ed . 
  that 's the official name . 
  are you some sort of moron ? 
  royal families tend to have long lineages stretching back centuries in europe . 
  europe is historically a continent of white people . 
  what 's not to understand ? 
   you guys are pretty good with comedians . 
  it 's said that tragedy is just underdeveloped comedy . 
  and god knows irish history is filled with enough tragedy to keep our quota of good comedians filled for centuries to come . 
  fine . 
  but you 're not getting your grubby mitts on dylan moran any more . 
  somebody give top gear a call . 
  you ca n't expel somebody from their native country as easily as you can expel immigrants though . 
  well , the people who attack jewish property based on something happening on another continent are not going to add anything of benefit to european society , that 's for sure . 
  i dunno - remember how they were involved in blocking that new regulation a while back that would have prevented cars used as taxis from being older than 10 years old . 
  that was rather embarrassing . 
  edgy . 
   given that islam is europe 's future fuck . 
  off . 
   you want islam in europe ... . 
  i 've had to stop watching tv news . 
  i 'm sick of being guilt-tripped over the plight of economic welfare tourists . 
  and people on this subreddit in recent weeks have had the gall to say these sort of people are n't economic migrants ... 
  i wo n't deny that i 'm feeling ever so slightly smug right now , but that 's tainted by the knowledge that the continent is going to experience an almost never-ending stream of similar migrants in the coming years . 
  well said - possibly even more accurate than how i put it . 
   i 'm pretty sure that no court would rule that a definition in a law or treaty is anything but what the document in question explicitly says it is . 
  actually , that 's done all the time in law . 
  the european court of justice does it practically every day . 
  from where i 'm standing the solution is obvious : clamp down on sweden 's short-sighted generosity . 
  either internally or externally . 
  hopefully the right gains more power in the country as mass immigration problems start to come to the fore . 
  what about the moderate right wing folk like myself ? 
  are we lumped in with the `` neo-nazis '' too ? 
  there 's no guarantee that any country ( with the possible exception of germany ) will make a net gain even in the long run from taking in large numbers of migrants . 
  if the jobs are n't there , they will just become a multi-decade burden on the economy . 
   it does it no way , shape or form even hint at the fact that they are not refugees if they do n't do that . 
  it 's not explicitly stated , granted . 
  but as somebody who has studied law , i can tell you that it is definitely an implied term of the treaty and if it was taken to court i would be confident that it would be upheld . 
  yet you 've completely ignored the dublin accord that is an integral part of eu refugee policy . 
  i 'm pretty sure it does . 
  look it up if you do n't believe me . 
   do you want to rebuild your little company you had , get friends again , integrate -- and then when you just had everything again , be sent back to syria because the war is over , so you can do it all again ? 
  i see nothing wrong with being granted asylum until the crisis you were fleeing from has been resolved . 
   you 're using your own made-up redefinition of the word to claim that people who are using the correct definition of the word are mislabeling these people to push an agenda my definition adheres to eu treaties and laws . 
  something germany has not being doing recently .
