  a bit strong of a word , i agree . 
  but i think the point stands . 
  my definition adheres to eu treaties and law . 
  ... yet they 're going from germany * to * sweden . 
  i ca n't imagine everybody wants their country to be swarmed with destitute migrants . 
  i fail to see how anything that was said was racist . 
  and labeling them `` refugees '' when they clearly no longer are * is n't * considered pushing an agenda ? 
  if they survived this long without them , they can survive another year . 
  you bleeding heart liberals have no common sense . 
  it 's not - it 's the literal definition of what they are . 
   if you stay in germany , you are sent back as soon as the war is over . 
  as should be the case . 
  sweden is making this policy difficult to enforce on a european level though . 
   when you can go to a country where you can stay forever and never worry about war again ? 
  so , economic migration/welfare tourism ? 
  sweden is throwing a spanner in european migration and refugee policies , with a complete lack of mid-to-long term foresight . 
   the syrians that go to germany also do n't migrate for welfare . 
  what about the ones going from germany to sweden though ? 
  a refugee by definition seeks refuge . 
  they have passed up refugee in multiple safe countries on their economically-driven trek to sweden . 
  they are no longer refugees . 
  they are economic migrants ( possibly even welfare tourists since they 're bypassing germany ), 
  i see you 're well able to defend your opinions there , buddy . 
   thats why i 'm for doing this temproarily until the entire union can decide for a better way to deal with the refuggees this is * not * a temporary measure . 
  once the migrants are granted asylum in a particular country , it is * extremely * unlikely that they will ever be sent elsewhere . 
  i asked first . 
  i 'm pretty sure it is . 
  but this is a major european crisis that will get worse before it gets better . 
  do n't be surprised if it draws more people out of the woodwork to voice their opinions than usual . 
  i say just give them financial and logistical support , and uphold the treaties . 
   or is it just brown people you dont like ? 
  what is the obsession amongst the pro-immigration crowd with calling people who oppose them `` racists '' ? 
  it 's a real cop-out . 
   the simultanious villification and odorous praise my homeland gets out of the blue will be a perfect reason for you to disregard anything i say . 
  how meta . 
  er , what ? 
  i did n't see the need to answer certain parts of it , but if i must ...  what do you even claim to know about it ? 
  i know it 's of the blindly `` progressive '' left-leaning flavour . 
  it 's quite evident both from what you say and your hostile opposition to more right-leaning viewpoints . 
   what do you even care about my worldview ? 
  well , you 're complaining about other people 's worldviews , so your own worldview becomes relevant . 
  translation : i do n't want to see simplistic worldviews in / r/europe that oppose my own simplistic worldviews . 
   yes , they will be a burden , but instead of being upset about being required to offer help , should n't we be proud of the fact we can give it to them ? 
  that 's entirely dependent on your outlook on life . 
  how is he not ? 
   helping people that flee from a warzone would be my guess while making a mockery of current eu treaties and then guilting the rest of the eu into following your lead . 
   just that i think it 's understandable they would want to should they not just be happy for them time being to be safe and have their basic needs met ? 
  like , they did just flee a warzone . 
   i think they prefer countries with powerful social programs because it will give them the breathing space needed to settle down in a new country and be able to give their children a proper education . 
  i call that `` being choosy '' . 
  european countries do n't have bottomless funds , and not every person on this subreddit who opposes the current immigration status quo is rich . 
   you love bullshit titles like this , do n't you neo-nazi / r/europe [ 1 ] ? 
  i honestly will be gutted if i have to unsubscribe from the main european subreddit . 
  it used to be a nice subreddit , full of nice posts about european things . 
  not constant hate posts about people who are n't even from europe to begin with , of which you ' l probably never even meet a single one of them . 
  so essentially you want the subreddit to conform to your worldview because you ca n't handle anything that challenges/opposes it ? 
  wow , i guess your world view is the only valid one , eh ? 
  talk about narcissistic . 
  that 's irrelevant if he 's correct . 
  a realist is a pessimist in the eyes of an optimist . 
  how is it shitposting ? 
  he 's right . 
  and unlike the great wall of china , it * will * be visible from space . 
  the spanish seem to have found away , although from what i 've heard that was by firing on migrant boats to scare them off . 
  i ca n't confirm that with absolute certainty though . 
   you hit the nail on the head . 
  if we really want to address the situation , greater political integration and co-operation is needed in relation to immigration legislation . 
  or we could just build a big wall ? 
   privilege this is n't an american subreddit . 
  we do n't give a shit about your tumblr buzzwords . 
  hit the nail on the head there . 
  then do n't browse reddit in the presence of your mother . 
  there 's no risk of you being fired in your home so it 's a non-issue . 
  or maybe you should n't be browsing reddit at work ? 
   there was also a massive influx from poland and the baltic states . 
  yeah . 
  many went home during the recession , but plenty stayed in ireland too . 
  in fact most of the eastern europeans that stayed have assimilated quite well . 
  ireland had/has an incredibly low population density by european standards due to centuries of emigration and the great famine . 
  prior to the famine , the island of ireland had a population of over 8 million . 
  currently the population of the republic stands somewhere around 4.5 million , so technically ireland is still recovering from the effects of a famine over 150 years ago . 
  as for what 's directly fueling the population growth , i 'm not 100 % sure . 
  immigration is definitely playing significant role , but our small population also allows for small increases in population to result in larger percentage increases than average . 
  i think i know better than a french person how often french people use a certain french phrase . 
  the p1 is a hybrid at best . 
  so each and every day ? 
  i see the french motor industry is doing well . 
  ^ ^ i ^ ^ joke, 
  from america . 
  that plan really pisses me off . 
  i have n't owned a tv in over 3 years . 
  why should i have to fund rt\u00c9 ? 
  and ? 
  everybody else gives it in english . 
  fine , talk like a 13 year old tumblr girl if you so wish . 
   this is so cringe . 
  please do n't talk like that . 
   because us french are proud of our language !, 
  yeah , it 's sort of annoying . 
  like how you always insist on giving your votes for the eurovision in french .
