i 'm a huge sucker for swarovski 's after-sales service . 
  i 've had a few issues with their spotting scopes and binoculars , but the worry-free lifetime warranty came through . 
  schmidt & bender make excellent products , no doubt . 
  for me it 's the emotional and irrational reason to buy a mercedes or bmw over a lexus . 
  i do n't mind paying a bit more for that intangible fit and finish which the bang-for-your-buck s&b s lack . 
  watching ** forbrydelsen ** , which is a danish tv show from a few years back . 
  it 's much better than the american remake called , `` the killing '' . 
  the original danish version is much more clinical , slower-paced , and in-depth in regards to the vartious plot-lines . 
  you posted this in r/europe . 
  what did you expect ? 
  i say this having purchased today a scope from swarovski ( which costs more than my 75 '' 4k tv ) . 
  these people will downvote you every time you mention guns . 
  it gives them the heebie jeebies . 
   they do n't actually use it for hauling i 'd say only 25 % of people living in the cities here haul anything in their trucks vs 75 % of truck owners in the rural areas . 
  i live in the city , but need a truck to haul my race motorcycle , animal carcasses after hunting , and various equipment/animal feed . 
  lol i try to make easier for the euro folks to relate and because we americans love the metric system . 
   keep them so busy being scared of their lives in their country i see your point . 
  even if they 're not attacking you out of jealousy , the countries where isis has a stronghold are war zones . 
  i do n't see them being afraid of the eu pulling a bush-iraq-2003 invasion and destroying their already ruined countries some more . 
  europe feels anger and pain tonight , just like it did in january for charlie hebdo . 
  you want those responsible to feel the same way , to live in fear . 
  i think they 're beyond that point now . 
  they 're people who have nothing to lose . 
  i 'm glad you mentioned their wealthy leaders . 
  a lot of islamic extremism stems from petrodollars and global investments funding them . 
  rather than put boots on the ground , i think focusing on oil money and extremist investments is better . 
  who the hell defends isis other than its supporters ? 
  and you 're seriously in fantasy-land if you think they 're as scared of retribution as you all are living in cozy and clean houses in oslo , berlin , or london . 
  you have everything to lose ; they live among sticks and stone and rubble where life is cheap . 
  most europeans are n't as suspicious of their governments as we are . 
  `` we stopped 50 % of potential attacks . 
  mass surveillance is good !, 
  this message brought to you from your friendly neighbor , mr nsa . '', 
  either europeans are naive , americans are conspiracy nuts , or sometimes governments tell us the truth and sometimes they lie . 
  who to believe ? 
  yeah , i do n't think people understood that 's what i was trying to say . 
  i did a poor job describing it . 
  a violent and disrespectful guest should be thrown out by the host ; the host doing nothing lets the problem fester . 
  i see large chunks of french muslims who are free to do as they wish ( extremist , non-secular , incompatible beliefs with french culture ) with no one to stop them . 
  people are angry , and so they 're putting words in my mouth . 
  i said the burden of integration was on both parties ; i said nothing about the % of fault and on whom . 
  for all you know , i 'd say the integration was a 35 % contributor to the bigger problem . 
  that still leaves plenty of other factors before assigning fault . 
  if someone is a guest in your house and they 're rude and disrespectful . 
  if as a host you do nothing to deter them , say nothing about their behavior , and so on , that 's partly on you the host and partly on the guest . 
  say 33 % to 66 % fault . 
  a lot of times in texas small talk leads to serious conversation e.g. 
  today , at a storage facility i met someone with a unit a few doors down . 
  small talk lead to great conversation about mexican food and motorcycles , followed by an exchange of business cards . 
  you 're not the only who thinks they 're a bad idea . 
  the european union tried to make each country within it nearly as open as each state in the us e.g. 
  going from france to spain should be like virginia to florida . 
  no need for checkpoints . 
  problem is , they do n't have a true political union or federalism like we do . 
  they 're stuck in a weird hybrid of old ( pre ww2 ) independent europe and our us . 
  definitely . 
  you can drive an unmarked van filled with weapons from a criminal organization czech republic into paris about 10 hours later . 
  no security checkpoints to stop you like in america . 
  i disagree . 
  i analogize it to inviting someone into your house . 
  yes , the burden is on the guests to be civil and mannerly and socialize , but it 's also the host 's fault if the guests start rearranging the host 's furniture , painting the walls a different color , being rude , etc. 
  the burden of integration falls on both parties : host government and new immigrants . 
  the far-right parties of europe were already gaining popularity before this tragedy given the previous attacks and immigration crisis . 
  this will definitely accelerate that process . 
  as a non-european , i can only see all of this in slow motion , a great and lengthy struggle between secularism and religious extremism . 
  no that 's definitely us . 
  your thought process is hilarious , and i can tell most northern and western europeans feel that way about small talk, 
  i 've heard this before . 
  i think there 's a middle ground between not acknowledging a stranger 's existence and not smiling vs. always being fake cheery in a salesperson kind of way . 
  i do n't mean how a mcdonald 's cashier would greet you , but genuine strangers . 
  here , that small talk would be like ( waiting at the bank ) : '' ( to a person in line with you ) you 'd think they would open another register since there are 10 of us waiting . '', 
  `` tell me about it man . 
  that 's what ruining this country . 
  long lines , hundreds of registers , but two employees to run it all . 
  companies love doing the bare minimum . '', 
  `` do n't say that . 
  walmart is our friendly neighbor . 
  i saw it on tv so it must be true . 
  * chuckles all around * '' i can help the next person in line ! '', 
  * exchange nods and smiles and part our ways . 
  * nothing robotic about that encounter to me . 
  spot on . 
  here in the us , really in texas , it 's common for strangers to be friendly and chat with one another . 
  in scandinavia and germany , people are very frigid and hard to you unless they 're drunk . 
  no one does small talk , and no one smiles as much we do here . 
  fair enough . 
  this needs a lot more nuance . 
  in american culture , it 's easy to root for a rejected person and underdog . 
  i see a lot of justified and unjustified resistance to turks and other muslim immigrants . 
  also , i 've visited nearly every country in the islamic world : from prosperous brunei to ( then-sleepy ) syria . 
  i just do n't agree that islamic countries can advance without crucial and needed mental adjustment within islam . 
  whenever i return from europe and get into my pickup truck ( in texas ) , it feels strange because i walk and use public transport in europe so much , and the times i 'm in a car they are so small they could fit in the back of my truck . 
  also , i pay 0.45 $ per liter of gasoline . 
  i did n't downvote you . 
  i think an outsider 's perspective is helpful in these kinds of matter . 
  and if they are a little informed on the parties involved , it 's better . 
  if you think i 'm being patronizing , you should see and hear how a lot of conservative ( and previously centrist ) europeans from london to budapest to madrid feel about turkey , muslims , and migrants/refugees in general . 
  one group keeps insisting they should be admitted into the posh and overcrowded nightclub of europe . 
  i 'm just saying the rejected group has the resources to make their own nightclub which can be better than the snobby one 's . 
  they just need vision and awareness in knowing when someone does n't like them .
