  you do n't `` trust a computer '' . 
  you trust the company and the engineers that designed the hardware , wrote the software and tested it . 
  this is coming from another software engineer . 
  everyone i talked to knows that this is true . 
  people that went to these schools and people that had friends that did . 
  the system is set up so the schools grade themselves by grading the students . 
  what do you fucking think will happen ? 
  it ca n't even work in theory . 
  no that proves nothing . 
  the us gov could have known about the king jong il death long before the media did but stayed silent as there was no strategic value in announcing that they knew . 
  in fact , it could compromise the channels which they received that information from . 
  a trend is too general have an `` outcome '' that is ironic . 
  it 's like saying it 's ironic that it 's sunny because it has been getting more rainy the last few days . 
  it 's not . 
  there also need to be some specific intent behind the outcome . 
  no , that 's not ironic at all . 
  that 's just an observation of something opposite . 
  for example , if the petition somehow caused less homophobia , it would qualify as situational irony - a difference between expected and actual outcome in a situation . 
  nice . 
  i saw the instructions making this being posted on reddit when it started . 
  `` we 're not anti-black people . 
  we 're anti-black-civil-rights !, 
  that 's a big difference ! '', 
  more like culture and personality . 
  schools could teach children how to think critically by teaching them philosophy but that might cause religious parents to become angry . 
  i am for refugee quotas but against raising them above what europe as a whole already accepts . 
  right now europe has too many problems with immigration to increase it , including the fact that we 're generally too lenient on forcing refugees to adapt to the culture of the host country . 
  yeah , i have a feeling these people have no respect for western secularism . 
  they need an islamist monarch authority to tell them that it 's bad to be a fucking dick to other people . 
  that 's bad to hear . 
  internet is a vital infrastructure that must have full redundancy and be available at all times . 
  in sweden they force providers to have this since many people nowadays use internet for everything , including calling emergency services ( voip ) . 
  no , it would be a federation which is completely distinct from an empire . 
   as they always have been , empires are far from a new thing fyi , you are mixing up terms . 
  a superpower is not necessarily an empire . 
  globalization is a new thing and has been accelerating the last 100 years . 
  yes , a nation would sacrifice `` freedom/sovereignty '' but would in turn gain power to influence other countries and regions . 
  i personally value the common interest of all of eu higher than national sovereignty . 
  we live in a more and more globalized world where small countries become more and more irrelevant and pawns in the hands of superpowers . 
  federalization is the only logical way forward . 
   for it to pull off something like mandatory refugee quotas everywhere for example without massive dissent among europeans nope . 
  if europe introduced quotas today they would n't be higher than what eu as a whole already accepts , they would probably be lower because there is no democratic support for mass refugee intake . 
  increased quotas would be voted down . 
  why does people keep forgetting that a federalized eu would still be democratic ? 
  it would still act on the will of the people . 
  the solution is a more federal eu . 
  everyone want eu to act but nobody wants to give eu the power to act so they whine about the eu `` not working '' instead . 
  it gives me a headache . 
  sweden is more like `` the immigrants have human rights we need to take them in . 
  then denmark is like `` ok , here you take them '' sweden : `` wtf denmark , shut down the bridge . 
  ahhhhh . '', 
  yeah , literally all muslims think that because you find one clip of one saying that on the internet . 
  that makes you eligible to ask legitimate questions . 
  not to give legitimate answers . 
   the countries against the mandatory quotas have no trust that the eu is capable of controlling its own borders which means that agreeing to mandatory quotas would be agreeing to an essentially open-ended commitment to keep taking more and more refugees for the foreseeable future . 
  absolutely nonsensical . 
  first of all , `` controlling the borders '' is a thought terminating cliche , just like `` turning the boats '' . 
  people that enter eu without a right to stay are forcibly removed . 
  this is true today and will continue to be true tomorrow . 
  secondly , changing the quotas would be a top level political decision that would n't depend on any amount of illegal immigration . 
   frankly , they have every reason to think the eu will not be able to control the situation considering the shitshow that 's been going on for the past few weeks and even before . 
  eu does not have any real tools to `` control the situation '' because some countries insist they want to handle immigration on a national level . 
  with quotas , eu could get to work and start to clean up the mess . 
  okay , let me give you an example . 
  maybe the term `` unit '' confuses you . 
  first of all we want to have a quota system with integrity , this means that all countries __ must have the same quota __ . 
  everyone should be equal to the law . 
  the quota system needs to have a unit . 
  the simplest unit is `` number of refugees '' . 
  in 2014 eu got a total of 625920 asylum applications . 
  lets just divide that by 28 member states . 
  this yields 22354 per state . 
  so let 's define that quota as 22354 and let all countries get that quota . 
  that would be greatly unfair because malta with a population of 425000 would receive 5.2 % of their entire population while germany would just receive 0.028 % . 
  another better unit is `` refugees/capita '' . 
  eu has a population of 503 million . 
  this makes the quota `` 625920/503000000 '' = 1.24e-3 refugees/capita . 
  with this metric malta would receive a much more sensible 527 refugees while germany would receive 100k . 
  the point is that all countries in this system has the same quota , which is `` 1.24e-3 refugees/capita '' . 
  you can go further and use units like `` refugees / ( capita * bnp ) '' to remove all further perceived `` unfairness '' from the system . 
  a quota does n't have to be unit-less . 
  you can have a quota that is formulated with the unit `` per capita '' , `` per km ^ 2 '' or whatever you like . 
  so you are literally choosing the worst quota system possible as an example to `` prove '' that quotas sucks . 
  any reasonable quota implementation would take bnp ( etc. ), 
  and per-capita into account . 
  edit : also , why would you need to make them stay in a country ? 
  it 's not like you can travel to other eu countries and expect them to pay for your welfare . 
  i do n't understand why people are so butt hurt over quotas . 
  all countries in the eu literally already have their own quotas . 
  why ca n't all eu countries just have the same fucking quota ? 
  the issue of having quotas or not is completely separate from what actual numbers they consist of . 
  the nato supporters in sweden should probably send a thank you letter to putin for all his support in shifting the opinion to their side . 
   this authoritarian bullshit spewed on this thread is ridiculous . 
  a majority of catalans want a vote for self-determination . 
  a denial of this goes against anything democracy and the western world is built upon . 
  nice joke . 
  there are literally thousands of indigenous populations and cultures that have some claim to `` self-determination '' . 
  if we all cared about their wish like it was some form of human right a world map would look like swiss cheese . 
  there is nothing inherently good about pursuing nationalistic ideals . 
  in fact , the more separate actors you have geopolitically , the more vulnerable you are to nash equilibriums that destabilizes the world .
