  also lots of well connected entrepreneurs in sweden profit from selling living space for immigrants to the state with ridiculous margins . 
  but according to the swedish media we do n't have corruption in sweden so it 's probably all good ... 
  yeah . 
  and now it 's super nice !, 
  this is why we need a system where the people can enforce accountability more often than each 4th year or so . 
  yeah , it 's obviously not possible to send them anywhere if you do n't know where they are coming from . 
  if they refuse to identify themselves they are placed on a facility on an island where they get food and accommodation until they tell people who they are or until an investigation finds out for them ( fingerprints etc ) . 
  when they are identified they can choose to seek asylum in an eu immigration program ( they should not be allowed to choose themselves which country they can move to ) and will be accepted if there are any immediate concerns that they could be fleeing from danger , otherwise they get a free ticket home . 
  the current system is allowing economic immigrants priority over refugees that need real help . 
  if they are not sent back immediately the boats will continue . 
  varoufakis is the man . 
  he has correctly identified the true disease , that eu is not federalized enough . 
  however , the question still remains on how to treat the symptoms in the short run . 
  the comment i replied to was an example . 
  i 've also made other specific examples in the thread . 
  you have provided zero examples and talks vaguely about `` problems '' like people are supposed to read your mind . 
  but you do n't have any specific arguments or examples . 
  so far it 's 100 % opionion . 
  impossible to discuss . 
  i disagree completely . 
  do you have any specific problems in mind or are you just anti eu in general ? 
  i do n't think your comment was bad . 
  it 's a shame people are using downvotes to say they disagree . 
  what do you mean ? 
  if eu was federal it would make much more sense to share a currency as you would have the same regulation and tax everywhere . 
  the cure for the greece germany issue is more eu not less . 
  yes . 
  most problems in eu can be solved if it federalized and adopted a common law . 
  u mad ? 
  you do n't need to be a psycho to do this . 
  being religious is sufficient . 
  yes but it 's impossible to implement . 
  things that work `` in theory '' is not interesting . 
  `` in theory '' it 's much more efficient to have a benevolent and extremely intelligent dictator that is an expert at everything . 
  in practice humans are just humans . 
  article about memes . 
  has image macros all over it . 
  did n't you know ? 
  not a single person has been recruited by isis on the internet . 
  100 % was recruited in mosques . 
  looks like the nationalisation is working exactly as well as economists predicted . 
  `` science advances one funeral at a time . '', 
  - max planck it 's likely true for political advance as well . 
  can confirm . 
  internet is a joke in germany . 
   andreas guenter lubitz , 28 , stopped training for six months because of `` burnout syndrome '' or `` depression '' in 2009 , former classmates told der spiegel journalist mattias gebauer . 
  this data pretty much seals the deal for the murder-suicide theory for me . 
  he also temporarily stopped his education because he was depressed . 
  europe made a mistake when they acknowledged that the `` rebels '' where russians . 
  they should have just went like `` oh , looks like you have a terrorist problem ukraine , let me help you with that ! '', 
  no chill . 
  the sanctions are fine . 
  but europe should have intervened in ukraine a long time ago . 
  russia is becoming more like north korea every day . 
  yeah . 
  fuck if i 'd want to visit a medieval shithole in the desert . 
  yeah , i thought it was obvious . 
  all governments are and they are functioning like 100x better than the swedish government right now . 
  the only person i know of that have sold sex was a man that sold it to an ugly/fat woman because he was a poor college student that wanted money so he could party . 
  muslim ! = race, 
  islam , not even once . 
  that 's easy to say . 
  in practice people do n't want to be risk having their life ruined by being targeted by the media and activists . 
  so it 's less risky to censor yourself and pretend an issue does n't exist . 
  that is how political correctness undermines society . 
  `` standing up to '', 
  the free market has a solution for that as well that has nothing to do with the government . 
  it 's called `` the stock exchange '' , you may have heard of it ? 
  also subsidising oil is just evil at this point . 
  carbon needs to be taxed , not fucking subsidised , to account for the potentially enormous external cost . 
  you 're assuming this is the best way to spend that money . 
  why not just give the unemployed people sufficient money to survive and let them take care of their employment problems themselves ? 
  or better , introduce a basic income . 
  problem solved . 
  the government should not be in the business of deciding what people work with or subsidise the private industry but it has a responsibility to ensure the welfare of the people . 
   that 's primarily what government subsidies are for ... just because something has a well defined purpose does n't mean it 's good . 
  bombs are for blowing things up . 
  that does n't mean using bombs to blow things up is necessarily mean you are doing something good . 
   when entire towns of people depend on certain industries to survive and live , its not outlandish at all ... that 's not how economics works . 
  the idea that the government should intervene and ensure everyone has a job is dangerous and naive . 
  in a free market unemployment and failing businesses is critical to have a working labour market and allow a dynamic economy that adapts the actual constantly changing demands of society . 
  prosperity is the goal and it is achieved by people working on things society actually have a demand for with external costs accounted for via regulation . 
   if they did n't do anything to help that sector people would be asking them to do so to save jobs . 
  wow , that 's a retarded reason to do anything . 
  having the possibility to work with a specific job is not a human right . 
  especially if that job is fucking up the planet . 
  so in other words you think certain politics is warranted just because it panders to some populistic opinion . 
  oh , an uk flair ? 
  what a big surprise . 
  cool propaganda bro . 
  ah , south american style . 
  all religions are scams . 
  this is just the scam that is blatantly obvious even to the pleb majority . 
  then the plebs want to ban that specific religion . 
  and i 'm just sitting here laughing . 
  the laws of humanity have zero fucking integrity . 
  as long as the majority is doing something it 's fine and ca n't be criticised . 
  when the minority is doing something it 's bad and should be banned . 
   jobs where you do n't need any degree ... 
  i got paid 30,000 czech crowns jobs like that ca n't exist in sweden because they are essentially banned by unions due to low wage .
