i dont have anything against it ideologically . 
  but practically speaking it 's not viable . 
  palestine is far from meeting all requirements to be considered a state . 
  israel pretends they have not already conqured the palestinian terretory so they can avoid giving out citizenship and keep oppressing and slaughtering the population . 
  gaza is basically a ghetto in israel . 
  the one state solution is the only practical solution but the solution which nobody wants . 
  this is a major mistake imo . 
  a `` school shooting '' is popularly associated with one or more students going on a rampage and killing random people before committing suicide . 
  this is `` just your average '' ( sorry for being insensitive ) murder of a single person that happened to take place in school with a gun . 
  there is a huge difference in how specific the motives are . 
  and yes , technically it 's a school shooting . 
  this does not mean that the media should use that term as it 's misleading to the public . 
  no , it does n't . 
  not unless you 're advocating that all phrases have literal meanings . 
  phrases mean what they are generally associated with . 
  a car crashing into a party is not a `` party crasher '' . 
  ie11 did nothing wrong . 
  absolutely agree . 
  recognizing palestine is a meaningless gesture that only fuels the conflict . 
  i doubt most newspapers can guarantee with an accuracy of 0.3 mm of how pictures will be printed . 
  the halftone dots are probably around that size . 
   i wish people did some research on what multiculturalism actually is downvoted for appeal to authority class fallacy . 
  are you telling me legalization wont create structures and market forces that increases the number of people working as prostitutes ? 
  i do n't see that happening . 
  i was talking about sweden , not norway . . and i think pawnstomper was as well . 
  drugs and prostitution is not comparable . 
  selling drugs tend to hurt the buyers . 
  selling prostitution tend to hurt the sellers . 
  your analogy is broken . 
  selling drugs hurts the buyers , selling sex hurts the sellers . 
  saying that the sex sellers do it for `` free will '' is bullshit . 
  people does n't slave for the man because they love to work , they generally do it because market forces make them . 
  it 's also bullshit that there is a static supply and demand of prostitution . 
  if you allow prostitution you allow structures to form in society ( organizations/networks ) that removes friction . 
  a `` legitimate '' market will massively alter peoples behavior so people that would have pursued legitimate careers now become prostitutes instead because there 's more money in it and more demand due to less risk . 
  i have walked there dozens of times and never seen anything like that . 
  an undisciplined armed mob that howls in battle and runs around with fancy wolf tails . 
  i guess they are good for terrorizing the civil population and police but any modern well trained mechanized platoon would destroy these people . 
  you monster !, 
  why ? 
  looks like it was n't even close from tipping over . 
  just give everyone a shovel and force them to dig a canal . 
  boom , 0 % unemployment . 
  the idea that employment has intrinsic value is a dangerous misconception . 
  unemployment does n't really show anything by itself . 
  employing people does not have an intrinsic value . 
  reducing unemployment is not a difficult problem . 
  i saw the account name but poe 's law still applies . 
  i ca n't tell if this is satire or not . 
  fuck people that hate others for being happy . 
  good . 
  sweden is going fucking insane right now . 
  the fucktards at fra ( swedish nsa ) seem to think they are being superheroes and probably masturbates to the idea that they are secret agents with a license to break the law to protect us from the `` evil russia '' . 
  completely insane comparisons is made with the second world war where sweden was breaking nazi codes and this , hacking into civil computer systems and mass surveillance on civil internet traffic . 
  in addition the fra has made outright political statements in the media on how snowden was a bad guy even though he uncovered completely atrocious programs that show among other things that the us indexes information about everyone . 
  indiscriminately . 
  something that would be a massive , massive breach of the swedish constitution ( \u00c5siktsregistrering ) . 
  the police that was recently caught indexing romani caused an outcry . 
  but when fra cooperates with a foreign organization that does this to everyone , nobody even lifts an eyebrow ?!, 
  why ? 
  because the us are some kind of fucking good guys ??? 
  and the politicians are stupid and clueless . 
  politicians in sweden are generally people that ca n't get a real job . 
  edit : also a court in sweden recently decided that fra can basically do anything , including surveillance on the entire swedish people without any checks and balances or insight . 
  the government is now free to fuck us all in the ass . 
  edit2 : in addition fra and politicians supporting it has repeatedly broken promises and shown that they can not be trusted . 
  they promised that the special police ( s\u00c4po ) would not get access to the data . 
  they promised that we would not share raw data with foreign entities . 
  they promised that they did not break into computer systems . 
  all of this has now proven to be false . 
  thanks snowden . 
  i wish i could meet him and shake his hand and tell me that i have nothing but respect for him . 
  this was massively interesting . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah ... sweden has a shit ton of corruption . 
  but it 's not open corruption like `` you have to bribe the police for them to care '' . 
  it 's more like politicians rewarding their friends and family with the companies they are invested in and using public money for private projects . 
  just read a little bit about this project for example : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arlanda_express#history, 
   some place aborts 87.5 % of their babies ? 
  you mean fetuses . 
   nothing is cheaper than getting magic energy built up over millions of years out of the ground and just burning it . 
  i 'm not sure how we solve that problem . 
  you solve that by having high fossil fuel taxes . 
  if you want to change the co2 % in the atmosphere you got ta pay up . 
  great . 
  that this event is a scandal is an understatement . 
  this should not happen in free , democratic countries with western values . 
  yeah , but state and country is the same in the context of this discussion so ebgs comment only made sense if he meant `` staten '' which translates to `` the government '' ( american definition ) and not : `` stat '' which translates to `` state '' as you say . 
   sure , the state is secular . 
  but i would call the country in itself muslim . 
   us is n't a christian country because it does n't employ biblical law . 
  that 's an argument that the government is secular , not an argument that the country is n't christian . 
  i think ebgs comment is a bit confusing because he 's talking swenglish and saying `` state '' when he means `` government '' . 
  we do n't need direct democracy . 
  beatrice ask knows what 's best for us . 
  indeed . 
  also , normal route planning is not np hard . 
  it is solved with dijkstra 's algorithm which has n log n + m complexity where n is the number of vertices and m is the number of edges . 
  true . 
  and that statement does n't make sense anyway .
