  this is exactly why putin funds nationalism in europe . 
  a unified strong europe would be his worst nightmare . 
  there is also no inherent self-governance requirement in a democratic ideal . 
  autonomy is in fact detrimental to democracy and a requirement to implement a fragmented and hierarchical society . 
  a principle of why nations should pursuit friendly relations is not the same as a human right . 
   democratic self-determination of peoples yeah , like they are not already living in a democratic country . 
  `` self-determination '' is not recognised as a human right by anyone just like the `` right to found your own country '' . 
  herp derp nationalism . 
  there would be no incentive for someone to illegally enter the eu in my system . 
  it 's just a more inefficient way of getting in the same line as everyone else . 
  deporting people for entering the wrong way will not stop people from trying . 
  it 's just pointlessly harsh . 
   any `` solution '' needs to stop this flow and ensure that anyone who comes over does so legally and safely . 
  i agree and i 'm almost certain no such solution can exist on a national or regional level . 
  processing and distributing refugees is exactly the sort of thing eu should be responsible for but it 's hands are currently tied . 
  hopefully merkel can make some progress on finding a unified solution . 
  an obvious solution would be collecting refugees inside the eu borders and bring them to central , guarded facilities ( e.g. 
  an island ) where they are identified and either queued in an unified quota system or sent back to a safe country . 
  the uk and other countries have rejected proposals for eu to have an integrated immigration solution . 
  they would rather see chaos than creating a common system/rules that would sort out the anarchy because they are ideologically opposed to eu as an idea . 
  it 's sort of like the republicans shutting down the us government to make a childish point . 
  i would be fine with a quota that changed nothing in terms of how many immigrants the eu accepts as a whole . 
  just having a quota would solve an immense amount of technical problems . 
  the argument that countries do n't like a quota because they could be forced to a level of immigration they do n't like is nonsensical . 
  eu does n't have the power to force any country to introduce something like that which gives countries that do n't like the quota system an enormous negotiation leverage ( over the specific levels ) as they can veto it . 
  it would be common sense if europe had a federal immigration policy . 
  but uk and other countries has refused the introduction of one . 
  until then it 's just populist nonsense to talk about `` illegal '' immigration . 
  the dublin agreement is a joke and can not reasonably be enforced consistently in practice . 
  hahahahahahahaha . 
  are you serious ? 
  usa and north korea is like , the same thing . 
  wake up sheeple !!!, 
  your definition of propaganda is broken . 
  ugh , am i on facebook ? 
   however they often struggle with learning french could be because they already speak fluent english and can already communicate quite well , so they do n't have as much incentive . 
  yeah , it would be easier if countries like the uk did n't vote no to an integrated immigration solution in europe , then there could actually be a fucking system these people could use to register themselves in so they would n't need to break the law . 
  [ uk and other countries against the immigration quota created this fucking problem . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/may/27/eu-countries-take-40000-asylum-seekers-migration-quota-syria-uk ), 
  wow , the level of fear mongering astounds me . 
  like weapons smugglers would need to rely on piss poor refugees to get their shit into europe . 
  at the moment it 's better if uk leaves imo . 
  they are just in the way right now of improving the union . 
  europe needs an integrated immigration system . 
  the shit going on now is lunatic and can easily be solved . 
  they also routinely blend in with the people they are smuggling when arriving and just go back and go again . 
  i do n't think language is as important as you claim unless you 're planning to become a permanent resident . 
  adapting to the culture of the country you visit is however something i see as mandatory even if you 're just a tourist . 
  yeah , maybe on the internet but msm is not discussing this ... 
  it 's a ** fact ** that it 's politically incorrect in sweden ( and many other countries in eu afaik ) to even suggest that immigrants should adapt to swedish culture . 
  also you did not understand my comment . 
  i did not make an argument about what was ideal or not , i just stated a fact that i think should be discussed . 
  can we talk about why it 's not politically correct to be pro immigration under the condition that the immigrants sincerely show willingness to adapt to the culture and commons of that nation before being awarded permanent residence ? 
  this graph has no implications on anything i said . 
  if you think the majority of muslims moving to europe is spreading their religion rather than becoming more secular over time you need to stop drinking right wing cool aid . 
  you do n't need hate speech laws to stop this , incitement type laws are sufficient . 
  how exactly does promoting something for everyone make you a hbtq organization ? 
  you 're mixing up rfsl and rfsu . 
  rfsl is a hbtq organisation . 
  rfsu is just promoting education about sex . 
  the usual commenters are frustrated because they ca n't find a muslim angle when the title has the word `` sweden '' in it . 
  indeed . 
  why ca n't we just have fucking normal levels of migration with responsible integration with a realistic budget that satisfies the demand from global conflicts and priorities the ones in most need first . 
  why the fuck do we have to pick between `` no borders let everyone in lol '' or `` they are parasites and we need to build walls '' . 
  what the fuck is wrong with people . 
  the title is blatantly wrong . 
  i bet he 's shit scared of putins agression in ukraine . 
   according to voix du nord , the marines heard what appeared to be the sound of a gun being loaded coming from the toilets on the train . 
   they tried to detain him and the man fired , wounding three people , two of whom were struck by bullets , the newspaper reported . 
   a man `` aged between 30 to 40 , '' who was `` seriously injured but conscious , '' was evacuated from the station at 6.50 pm , it added . 
  holy crap , that could really have been a massacre . 
  u mad ? 
  u mad ? 
  lol so mad . 
  typical american to think there 's a monolithic `` white '' culture . 
  have you even visited europe ? 
  i do n't give a fuck if you call nigeria a `` black country '' , but the term has little to no practical use and i have never heard anyone describe nigeria like that . 
  a country is a broader term than a collection of people so it makes no sense . 
  the color of someones skin tells you little to nothing about their culture so the term is useless as a description for that as well . 
  yes , `` white '' tells you soooooo much about the `` prevailing demographic , culture , and language '' . 
  it 's definitely comparable to a term like `` iberian '' . 
  do you even read your own comment before you submit them ? 
  it 's preposterous because its stupid . 
  if the majority in south africa is black , does that mean we should call it a `` black country '' ? 
  why ? 
  what purpose does it serve ? 
  all you 're doing is exluding the minority and saying that it 's not a country for you . 
  but soliders = war !!!, 
  that 's what the organisation `` swedish peace '' told me . 
  disregarding the preposterous term `` white country '' , why is n't a context-free universally recognised term better than one that requires a local national/regional context to understand ? 
  i find it ridiculous why you would call a color `` skin color '' . 
  you do n't even have to make it into a political thing . 
  skin color is objectively undefined . 
  it 's as pointless as saying `` fruit colored '' . 
  the isps are probably giving the fewest possible fucks they can while still pretending to be compliant with the ban . 
  swede here . 
  yep , in pretty much every way right now . 
  i wish they could bring up polls like this on swedish news and discuss them . 
  imagine if journalists would actually do their job . 
  that sounds like a text book breach of journalistic ethics .
