  is pain required to inflict fear ? 
  the point of spanking is traditionally to inflict pain on a childs butt to discipline them . 
  i do n't think that sort of low level force is what people generally associates the term with and even if has come to that , do n't you agree that maybe that 's a sign that it 's an outdated , unnecessary practice ( and quite disturbing tbh ) and should be abandoned ? 
   spanking does not cause pain . 
  sorry this blows my mind . 
  you do n't believe spanking causes any pain ? 
  what ? 
  the key is intent , essentially if a parent did something with the intent to punish a child through pain . 
  the borderline and gray zone is not really interesting imo because you do n't need to use any pain at all to raise a child . 
  just just need to be consistent and follow through with all punishments to show that you are serious . 
  if you are rarely angry for example , the moments when you do show anger the child will immediately understand that `` shit is real '' . 
  i 'm not sure i understand your argument here , so tell me if i 'm misrepresenting you , but it 's pretty much debunked afaik that any form of violence is required to raise children . 
  it can have the opposite effect of being damaging in your relationship with them and also teaching them that it 's okay to hurt people if you have authority . 
  because you are their guardian , legally speaking . 
   my proposal , which is echoed by several others , is touching your kid is not violence if it does not cause pain or harm them . 
  yes , i think we can both agree that if it does not cause pain or harm them then it 's not violence . 
   frankly , saying something is violent if it has no harmful physical effects seems quite absurd . 
  hugging someone could be violent under that definition . 
  so you think , psychologically , the effect of someone hugging you too hard is the same as knowing that someone is intentionally trying to inflict pain on you ? 
   refusal to engage in any debate is almost funny . 
  yes , it 's meaningless to argue with someone that do n't understand first order logic . 
  that 's why we have education . 
   i 've done a bachelor in math good for you . 
  except that this is an arbitrary exception to a more general rule that violence is not okay . 
  sort of like `` all men are equal , uh , except black people '' . 
  `` violence should not be allowed , uh , unless you 're hitting your own kids . '', 
  if you do n't understand the difference between classification and equality then sorry , we ca n't have a meaningful debate . 
  classification : dog and zebra belong to the class animals . 
  this does not imply they are `` equal '' . 
  equality : a tomato is red , blood is red . 
  tomato and blood have equal colours . 
  nice rationalisation you got there m8 . 
  did you hit your child in a way that was intended to make it hurt ? 
  then it 's classifies as violence/abuse . 
  the only reason it 's still allowed is cultural reasons . 
  your children is your responsibility , not your property . 
  no , you have no right to be violence or abusive towards them . 
  classification and equality are two different relationships in set theory that is not equivalent . 
  false equivalence . 
  slapping yourself and slapping someone else in another place is not even remotely the same thing . 
  did i say they where equal ? 
  edit : sigh , i guess i have to fucking explain why this is an idiotic strawman for all the geniuses here that follow this thread and downvote me . 
  sorry but i 'm so fucking tired , 99 % of all debates on reddit is answering people that misrepresent your argument and change the subject . 
  what i claimed : `` hitting children '' belongs to the set `` types of violence '' . 
  what i not claimed : `` hitting children '' equals `` all other forms of violence '' ( this claim ), 
  and my point was that any violence against children is child abuse . 
  the idea that you need use violence to raise children is archaic and debunked . 
  it 's medieval and people will be horrified to learn that this was allowed anywhere in 50 years . 
  violence is violence . 
  the mental gymnastics people go through to rationalise hitting children as non-violence is mind boggling to me . 
  you can take men out of war but you ca n't take war out of all men . 
   just like most of the legislation and guidelines can be agreed upon and followed without the need for a political union . 
  to do that we need some kind of synchronised system where we can debate and ratify laws that we can all agree on and follow . 
  sort of like uhhh ... a place where we unify ... our politics . 
  like a. . . 
  i do n't know ... a political union ? 
  same . 
  i thought this was hilarious . 
  juncker seems like a really fun guy to hang out with . 
  yeah , at least two is needed . 
  wow . 
  slightly fail that mercury and venus is out of order though ... 
  ... why ? 
  the idea that labour has an intrinsic value need to fucking die asap . 
  protestant work ethic cancer . 
  fuck yes . 
   in the latter , absence of patents means no investment . 
  according to who ? 
  that is an insanely complicated question to answer and it requires a lot of proof . 
  here is a study that shows that the introduction of patents did not increase investment : http://www.nber.org/papers/w15468  however , the introduction of patents in developing countries has not been followed by greater investment . 
  particularly for diseases that primarily affect the poorest countries , our results suggest that alternative mechanisms for inducing r&d may be more appropriate than patents . 
  later . 
  it 's the debate climate in sweden . 
  i have no problem with immigrants . 
  i have a problem that swedish immigration politics right now is a fucking disaster with no regard for how expensive integration is or that it 's even needed . 
  if you think the people come here should adapt to swedish culture or customs you 're basically a racist . 
  the volumes are also insane compared to all other countries in the eu . 
  edit : i 've also lived in areas where if you took the bus , literally everyone else was an immigrant , including the bus driver . 
  i have absolutely no problem with this , but it 's funny , because it 's probably not the best way to learn swedish ... to live in a parallel community where no-one else does . 
  `` swedish '', 
  exactly . 
  i agree . 
  but i also agree that it was the right call of other world leaders to not go . 
  banning the `` bad '' people does n't make them go away . 
  it only fuels their victim complex . 
  i agree but you do n't need a famine though to drum up support for war . 
  just look at the iraq war . 
  instilling the idea that you have a `` dangerous and evil enemy '' via tv is enough . 
  not even the russians believe it of course . 
  this is what the average russian thinks :  putin is a strong man , secret spy and not afraid of anything , including lying . 
  the lies is for the best of russia so it 's not a problem . 
  everything is better thanks to putin . 
  we have to kill the dirty homonazis so we 're going into ukraine to free them from the evil fascism because that 's what the tv says . 
  and even if the tv is lying it 's always lying for a good cause and nothing can be done about it anyway . 
  the western idea that an average citizen does n't want war is a dangerous misconception . 
  people have throughout history romanticised war endlessly . 
  with enough propaganda and dehumanization/threat-narrative you can easily create a popular support for killing another population in the most savage way possible . 
  it 's human nature . 
  its not a conspiracy to say there is a local optimum where the well connected elite has different incentives than the rest of the population . 
  every country has a well connected elite .
