  the way the economy and labour rules is set up is fucking retarded . 
  yes we do . 
  but unless eu gets more federalized that wo n't happen . 
  this shit is the result of years of anti-eu populism . 
  this guy can give you a brief introduction : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ksjy0c8qww, 
   what is swedish citizenship ? 
  for me it 's less about ownership and more of an achievement and something to be proud of . 
  it says that you have a basic understanding of swedish customs , traditions , culture and history and that you wish to partake in them . 
  you want a sense of belonging with the people of sweden . 
  you understand and respect or fundamental values and they are part of your identity as a person . 
  you are part of a community and you want to not only take but also give back . 
  because it 's * your * community . 
  but when you just hand out citizenship to people without any real requirements , they become exactly like what you describe them as : `` just a piece of paper '' . 
  so no wonder you are confused . 
  we 're handing out citizenships like popcorn so not really a big suprise . 
  the media , left and liberals would basically shit themselves with anger if anyone where to suggest that just maybe getting a swedish citizenship is n't a human right . 
  i hate the phrase `` history repeats itself '' . 
  it 's something people smugly say while cherry picking two historical events that coincidentally shared some property to `` prove '' their point . 
  `` yes , congratulations . 
  you found a correlation by cherry picking data . 
  what a grand achievement . 
  do you want a fucking medal ? '', 
  yeah , but according to the swedish left you 're a racist if you imagine things like that . 
  you do n't need to know how to `` scientifically research facts '' to debunk conspiracy claims . 
  a 10 year old can use the internet in his pocket and figure out why the moon landing hoax conspiracy theory is bullshit . 
  this would have been extremely difficult in comparison 20-30 years ago . 
  internet had an absolutely enormous impact on fact checking . 
  conspiracy theories like the protocols of the elders of zion would n't stand a chance of getting any foothold in the mainstream public today . 
  if you 're looking up facts to confirm your own bias you 're looking up facts incorrectly . 
  which is irrelevant today since the internet exists and anyone has the ability to fact check and look up sources . 
  also well off . 
  it 's the people that can afford paying the human traffickers . 
  and it 's `` solidaric '' to help them and not the people that ca n't afford the trip ? 
  out of sight , out of mind . 
  it 's a generation issue . 
  `` truth never triumphs -- its opponents just die out . 
  science advances one funeral at a time . '', 
  max planck, 
  yep , any e-voting system needs to be completely verifiable . 
  real anonymous ( not pseudo ) electronic voting is actually a solved problem . 
  you do n't use a blockchain though , you want a mix network . 
  4chan is definitely popular in a lot of places in sweden . 
  we where discussing your definition of extremism but you keep sidetracking to things that are irrelevant . 
   you keep saying that 99 % are normal people , yet you claim the wests culture is superior . 
  these two statements are not contradictory ? 
   you are suggesting that a tiny percentage of the population ( < 1 % ) as turned the me into the shithole it is . 
  an extremist is not defined as a `` person that turned the me into the shithole it is '' . 
  the most simple definition would be a person that are willing to resort to violence to further their ideological beliefs . 
   only if we throw all our society 's ideas of morality out the window and accept cultural relativism only if we throw our dictionary out of the window so we can use hyperbole to emphasise our political beliefs . 
  i 'm not sure why you argue with me though . 
  i do n't think all cultures are `` equally good '' . 
  in fact , the arab culture is much shittier than western culture in general . 
  that does n't mean they are all extremists though . 
  just like feminists are diluting the term `` rape '' to spread their political belief you are doing the same thing with the word `` extremist '' to spread yours , to a point where you 're either lying or your statement is meaningless . 
  you can go anywhere on earth and you will find mostly normal people . 
  they may be different culturally and have different values , that does n't make them extremists . 
  you need to look up the word extremist in a dictionary , friend . 
  easily 99 % + of all immigrants are `` normal '' people that just want a better life for themselves or their family and have no extremist beliefs . 
  if you do n't believe me , learn to know someone from syria . 
  unsurprising considering the fear mongering spread about these immigrants which is obviously rooted in xenophobia . 
  it becomes statistically likely when people go around spreading nonsense that they are all rapists , extremists and that they are coming here to `` breed '' . 
  i hate the word islamophobia but it 's obvious that people here simply do n't believe there could be moderate muslims , like they were n't in the vast , vast majority . 
  i 'm against increased immigration but the kind of right wing cancer i see here on / r/europe being upvoted makes me want to weep for humanity . 
  edit : downvoted , `` what a suprise '' . 
   stop trying to complain about the government wanting to save your data . 
  it 's not mutually exclusive . 
  it 's like saying people should n't expect the police to do their job because you can always buy a gun . 
  everything is n't black or white . 
  median would be more interesting than average . 
  this makes wealth inequality look like a good thing . 
  they fixed that in a new language : https://github.com/erisblastar/cplusequality, 
  this is basically how well the integration works in sweden as well . 
  it 's insanity that we 're supposed to take in more people when we ca n't even educate the people coming here about basic fucking shit like the fact that this is a country where you will be expected to know how to recycle your garbage and do it properly . 
   a great deal . 
  understatement of the year . 
  the thirst for vengeance in us culture is really fucked up . 
  seems like another man is going to be killed soon that is clearly innocent : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmxzgnacaiu, 
  you 're factually wrong , lots of african countries are doing much better now than 50 years ago . 
  you 're argument is also non-sensical because even if you would be right you 're not contradicting my model since there can be plenty of other reasons an economy is not doing well , including stuff like civil war . 
  well , to be fair , unemployment is only really a problem when you have a stagnant population . 
  with an increasing population you also have an increasing demand for basic products and services like food , education , garbage collection , cleaning etc. 
  which mostly consist of unskilled labour . 
  assuming the integration works well ( learning german , etc ) there is no reason from an economic perspective why it would n't have a net positive effect on the german economy . 
  you know when a fight breaks out in the sandbox and all the children are throwing sand at each other and screaming ? 
  yeah . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  it 's a formal process , luck is irrelevant . 
  afaik sweden does not have a problem evicting immigrants that does not have a right to stay , even though the bleeding hart left wing people whine about `` deportions '' . 
  you 're mixing up `` coming in '' and `` getting permanent residence '' . 
  also it 's literally just a distribution problem from a european perspective . 
  funny how that `` objective likeliness '' would go down if you would stop drinking so much / pol / cool aid . 
  of course you think that . 
  go back to facebook . 
   you may find the connotations horrible , but that does n't change the reality . 
  way to misrepresent what i said . 
  ok , my turn : you may dislike that europe is n't a christian continent but that does n't change the reality that uk is n't europe . 
   britain may not be the continent , but it is certainly a western european country . 
  yes ... ? 
  and europe is still not uk . 
   islam is not a native religion to a place like belgium .
