  some streets are almost impossible to view because of all the blurring going on . 
  now i know why . 
  i fucking hate humans . 
  go back to looking at svt and nodding . 
  op prayer has 100k times the effect . 
  too bad that 100k * 0 is still 0 . 
  meh , just put some drones in the air with ir cameras . 
  problem solved . 
   standardisation on the other hand does n't require political union . . 
  the idea that you can standardise taxes and legislation without a political union is a joke . 
  good luck . 
   hiring someone from within the eea is exactly the sam from my experience it 's a pain in the ass , i guess we agree to disagree then . 
   really ? 
  i 've moved between eu countries culture and language barriers makes it difficult . 
  there is completely different systems of paying rent etc that you have to adapt to and many other forms of varying bureaucracy . 
  you have to open a new bank account , etc. 
   lovely line , but again your opinion not based on anything that i can think of . . then you 're probably privileged enough to be detached to the negative effects poverty and unemployment has . 
   and you think that an eu superstate will get rid of that rather than having that integrated into and eating away at eu institutions ? 
  this sentence makes no sense so i assume you 're grasping for straws at this point . 
  your arguments are logically incoherent . 
  just because a politician where `` successful '' does n't mean that one of his personal ideologies is what caused it . 
  in the same way you can claim any ideology is `` better '' by cherry picking some arguably successful politician that followed that ideology . 
  correlation does not equal implication . 
  also yugoslavia is an immensely complicated topic that is in no way directly comparable to the eu project . 
  do n't dumb it down by cherry picking a property it had you do n't like and blaming everything that happened on that . 
    and we could make much faster progress in a political union that removes the remaining pointless nation state barriers . 
   why would we make much faster progress in a political union ? 
  standardisation , removing corruption , bureaucracy and barriers/friction . 
    i want companies to freely operate , universities to cooperate and students to study in any eu country without the burden of bureaucracy . 
   that pretty much exists now , but it is utterly irrelevant to your initial points about scientific endeavour . . oh and how does universities cooperating involve political union ? 
  scientific progress is 100 % linked to the efficiency of universities and freedom of company operations . 
  hiring people from other eu countries is really complicated compared to just hiring from the same country from my experience . 
    i want complete freedom of movement  you have that now . 
  no , there are still rules and regulations and bureaucracy that prevent eu citizens from living wherever they want . 
  moving from one eu country to another is magnitudes more complicated than just moving to another city in the same country . 
    and the same welfare policies applied throughout the eu . 
   which again , does n't seem to have any relevance you your initial point and seems to be a ' i want to hand off responsibility to a federal government because . . ' rather than a justification . . social welfare and scientific progress . 
  pick two or none . 
   i do n't think harmonisation and attempts at homogenization across the eu would create a boom in all fields of society . 
  if anything i think it will create conflict and costs , i think it will create inefficiencies , increase corruption , harm consumers and so on ... 
  except we see the exact opposite happen in pretty much all eastern european countries . 
  that `` centralized power '' is representatives elected by the people . 
  you 're argument is basically boils down to `` i do n't believe democracy works '' and `` i like nations '' . 
  this is fine , but do n't come with bullshit thought terminating cliches like `` destruction of sovereignty '' . 
  the math does n't add up , if the power of a vote is how many people it affects on average it does n't matter if your democracy has 10 or 1000000 people , each vote still affects an average of one person . 
  and we could make much faster progress in a political union that removes the remaining pointless nation state barriers . 
  i want companies to freely operate , universities to cooperate and students to study in any eu country without the burden of bureaucracy . 
  i want complete freedom of movement and the same welfare policies applied throughout the eu . 
  just imagine the boom in all fields of society from economic , social to cultural . 
  the us is making scientific and economic progress and leaving europe in the dust . 
  we have n't even put a man on the moon yet while they are discovering pluto . 
  the reason the euro is facing problems is because you ca n't have a common currency without a political union . 
  what do you mean `` destroying their sovereignty '' ? 
  we 're a democracy , we will all get to decide the future of europe . 
  unification , cooperation and standardisation creates peace and social progress and economic prosperity . 
  nationalism will have the opposite effect . 
  can you explain what you believe i 'm `` giving up '' ? 
  it 's sad . 
  federalizing eu is the only logical way forward . 
  the us is federalized and it works great . 
  imagine how uncompetitive and inefficient the us would be if it was broken up in different states that would spend years arguing about pointless shit , much like the eu does now . 
   there are vpns that do n't use the ca system , for example , as well as tunneling on other ports - and that does n't even begin to touch pgp and self-encryption . 
  trivial to block with dpi . 
  time to start using bitcoins ? 
  extremely light , insane surface area , outdoors . 
  why would n't anyone think that ? 
  north korea is part of the un so maybe he 's afraid their `` diplomats '' there will kidnap him ? 
  fuck your pessimism . 
  if taxation was done eu-wide the whole situation would n't be a problem . 
  we need more eu , not less . 
  you should build some kind of defensive line and name it after your minster of defence . 
  do n't forget to leave a large opening in it and make it so expensive so the rest of your military gets no funding . 
  finally rely on this as your only strategy of defence , you 're pretty much set and do n't need to prepare for any other scenario than the enemy attacking head on . 
  nah , just stating what i believe . 
  if you think that 's dramatic ... \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  slaps is violence . 
  you have no right to slap a grown up for the same reason you have no right to slap a child . 
  a child is a person ( not property ) with integrity that should be respected . 
  i understand your position but you 're kind of biased since you rather want to believe your parents always made the best decisions ( like everyone else including me ) . 
  all kids are little shits at least once and usually at several points when growing up . 
  you underestimate how powerful psychological solutions can be . 
  distractions , fears , guilt , pride and need for attention are all much more powerful than mild to moderate pain can be . 
  i respectfully disagree . 
  in no circumstance when raising a child does a parent need to slap or hit them . 
  there are always better alternatives . 
  many powerful psychological tools exists that a parent can use to fix behavioural problems . 
  allowing violence it will undoubtably cause some parents to do just this instead of finding those alternatives because people are lazy and as you say , do n't have a perfect parenting skill . 
  yes ? 
  this is such a silly straw man i 'm not going to bother to reply . 
  please attack what i say , not the flag i have or my username . 
  every day you continue to be baffled at the severity and amount of contradicting beliefs people are able to hold in their head at the same time . 
  these are all anecdotes . 
  there is plenty of evidence that you can raise kids to be well behaved and civilised without being violent . 
   impose your will to a superior authority and expect them never to use any form of moderate violence/force as a last resort to stop you . 
  that 's a horrible lesson to teach , that they are allowed to be violent as long as they are in a position of authority . 
   do n't be such an ethnocentric bastard , that 's a non-sensical fundamentalist argument . 
  a culture is not a sanctuary that must be protected from criticism . 
  the notion that you can not criticise something because of who you are or where you come from is logically incoherent at best . 
  anyone can criticise a culture . 
   inflicting fear can indeed be a working method to discipline minors .
