  terms like `` native '' and `` foreign '' is wildly misleading and their definitions are fuzzy at best . 
   calling the anglican church backwards is incredibly ignorant , and it ignores about 500 years of history and context . 
  that 's not what i said . 
  holy crap , read my comment . 
  i said that it 's backwards to have a state religion . 
  i know it 's hard when you 're a mouth breather but try to actually reply to what i said next time instead of commenting on the flag in my flair . 
  a significant portion of europes citizens are muslim . 
  they practice their own religion , not a `` foreign '' one . 
  i find that phrase and it 's connotations terrible . 
  also england is not europe and even though you could describe england as a de jure `` christian nation '' it 's completely backwards to have a state religion and they should reform that asap . 
  europe is n't a `` christian continent '' just like us is n't a `` christian nation '' . 
  this is n't just hate speech , it 's also incitement , i.e. 
  calling for specific people to commit a specific crime which is obvious when you read the context of the conversation . 
  banning that is fine imo but i do n't agree hate speech should be illegal . 
  if your sincere belief is that you absolutely hate some people and wish they would die you should be allowed to express that as long as it 's sufficiently abstract . 
  not only for ideological reasons ( i.e. 
  freedom of speech ) but also because censorship does n't work in practice . 
  it has the absolute opposite effect by fuelling the victim complex these people have and `` confirming '' their crazy conspiracy theories . 
  he explicitly said `` when the time came '' and only under the condition that `` if the black community is not given justice '' . 
  context matters . 
  it 's definitely not comparable to saying `` kill all white people '' without context as this can definitely be argued to be attempting to incite `` imminent disorder '' . 
  that 's my interpretation but ianal . 
  yep , it would definitely fall outside protected speech in the us . 
  https://supreme.justia.com/cases/federal/us/414/105/ it 's literally `` directed to any person or group '' . 
  since it was published on the internet and not said in a specific context or in private it can also definitely be argued to be `` likely to produce imminent disorder '' . 
   the airlines have have put on extra flights out of baghdad for fuck sake . 
  wow , like airlines would allow transport of people without a visa permit . 
  you do n't think there 's a reason people are drowning in the mediterranean if they can take a comfy airline ? 
  there is no need to involve any thankfulness . 
  it 's a personal social concept that is not applicable in the scale of an entire society . 
  fyi , i agree with you . 
  it 's far from a universal opinion in sweden that this law is a good thing and necessary . 
  they do but you must agree that the police will search your home `` once or twice a year while first announcing it '' to get the permit . 
   they have to earn the people 's trust . 
  they have already done that by being voted into the parliament . 
  i do n't understand the problem . 
  if you do n't think they represent you , then fucking vote in the eu elections . 
  welcome to politics , there is people with vastly different opinions here . 
  this makes sense if you think about that cars are most fuel efficient at a specific speed , usually around 80 km/h . 
  the faster you accelerate to get closer to that speed as quickly as possible , the more fuel you save . 
  no i do n't . 
  it 's unconscious and i do n't even think about reading . 
  and this is reading english not swedish . 
  that 's absolutely not a problem . 
  i sometimes turn on subtitles even though i understand english perfectly beacuse it takes less effort to read than to listen . 
  it makes perfect sense . 
  the far right nationalists loves dictators like putin and erdogan . 
  woop woop !, 
  you have higher education ? 
  then come to sweden !, 
  otherwise germany is probably better . 
  they have more low skill jobs there . 
  or just learn to speak english like sweden . 
  yeah , to get rid of wars we have to accept regulation on cucumber curvature . 
  i can totally see how that 's not an acceptable tradeoff at all . 
  if only the european countries could form some sort of union where they could cooperate and resolve conflicts peacefully and in a democratic matter . 
  i do n't even see how this is an argument . 
  you can still be pro eu and support this exact politics inside the eu parlament without any contradiction . 
  you can vote in politicians that represent this exact politics . 
  the false idea that there 's a contradiction is basically the core of russian propaganda to divide and conquer europe . 
  he slowly went after fleeing kids , chasing them down before murdering them . 
  cunt is not strong enough of a word for this person . 
  he 's a vile , disgusting , inhumane , pile of degenerate human garbage , deserving nothing but suffering and pain . 
  when he finally dies his death should be celebrated by the world , it was n't for the fact that he deserves even more to be forgotten . 
  left to perish alone , unloved in misery and shame . 
  vanish from time like he never existed after being rejected by everyone he once knew . 
  and living every moment up to that point in fear that it will happen , with the belief that it almost certainly will . 
  that 's how i would describe this `` person '' . 
  ah , every country has them . 
  trust is a product of the environment . 
  we 're not naive we just have a great society . 
  i do n't give a shit and it 's not related to my comment . 
  go yell at a cloud or something . 
  yeah , because two wrongs make a right . 
  or what is your point ? 
  sigh , having lower thresholds does n't imply health is taken less seriously . 
  learn some basic toxicology and come back later . 
  apparently , in sweden the levels of this stuff was n't high enough to be considered dangerous according to our limits . 
  so this hole scandal might just be making a hen out of a feather , as we say here in sweden . 
  it 's even tradition that the news papers publish how much people earn where you live every summer when news dries up . 
    i was just stating a fact : a dictatorship will always be able to govern more effectively than a democracy , period . 
   whether you or me agree with that particular governance is a completely different matter . 
  sorry ... but you ca n't just go ahead and treat `` effectiveness '' and `` political goals '' like those are separate things . 
  if a government has shitty goals it 's per definition ineffective , regardless of how little bureaucracy it has . 
  let 's say you buy a car and it can extremely quickly reverse into a building behind you or it can slowly take you in the general direction of the destination . 
  saying that the car that reverses into a building is `` effective '' is intellectually dishonest , because that definition of effective is completely ignoring the goal of the driver . 
  what good political goals are is obviously up for debate . 
  but if you define a political goal as the median of what the population wants ( which seems more logical than defining it as any goal of any particular person , in the absence of better definitions ) then democracy is inherently more effective than a dictatorship , because as we have seen historically , dictatorships tend to quickly align themselves with achieving the goals of the elite clique in power . 
  are you okay alex ? 
  most trade deals make 99 % sense . 
  i mean , fuck protectionism . 
  the problem is the 1 % of shitty rules the big industries try to sneak in . 
  then people get angry and now they associate 100 % of the trade deal with shit instead of putting pressure on politicians to just reject the shitty 1 % . 
  if this is this an alternate reality where the nazis stayed in power , then why does it include the tv tower built in the gdr/ddr in the 60s ? 
  when was it constructed ? 
  if it 's more than 20 years it 's shit compared to modern fire planning . 
  pedophilia is a mental disorder defined in dsm-5 as attraction to pre-pubescent children aged 13 or younger . 
  so you are technically incorrect . 
  why the fuck would n't may dismantle the police so there can be more terrorist attacks ? 
  this one just gave her a free pass to dismantle the internet .
