the case is considered outstanding by the government , so they are willing to use any means to reconstruct what really happened . 
  some violence in russian prisons are common , it is well-known , but tortures performed by a director of prison on a political activist is considered totally unacceptable . 
  the whole story with dadin is unclear . 
  from one side , he was possibly beaten like other people in russian prisons - no surprise here . 
  from other side , a lot of people talked with him , and no one can affirm that he was indeed violently tortured . 
  he refuses to undergo lie-detector test and examination with high-tec medical equipment . 
  in crimea three men died , two ukrainians and one russian . 
  there were no ukrainian nationalists to support their government . 
  all the tragedy of donetsk and luhansk happened because ukrainians decided to shoot their own civilians to get back control . 
  i know it is not widely known in the west , but they used radical nationalists like [ azov regiment ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/azov_battalion ) to fight and it provoked further escalation of conflict . 
  it was a great mistake for the west to support ukrainian nationalists with nazi ideology and symbolics . 
  for russia and ukraine it 's not an invasion like german invasion in 1941 , it 's just chunking off a piece from their pyramid and attaching it back to ours . 
  there were no resistance . 
  no partisans , no fighting to the last drop of blood , all the process went with three people killed , supposedly one of them performed suicide . 
  because in its core ukrainian structure of power is pretty much the same as in russia or in most of post-ussr countries . 
  of course , west could 've supported them , but your politicians were aware who are their leaders and what will they do in exchange for such support . 
  it 's a pyramidal structure of power - rent is flowing from bottom nodes to top ones . 
  resources flow in opposite direction . 
  in case of major troubles a chunk could fall of from this pyramid and became sovereign while retaining the general structure . 
  we may be of different nationalities , but what really matters is our structure of power and distribution of resources . 
  most parts of ukraine have no future without russia . 
  ukrainians made three revolutions in 25 years and it does not help at all - they retain our structure of life . 
  to turn it on you have to spend some energy of your organism , right ? 
  so , we need a proper firewall for every `` smart '' lightbulb now ? 
  it works in other way . 
  you wake up and light turns on automatically because movement detection sensors in your smart watch tell the smart house that you are waking . 
  you are walking into the bathroom and water of just right temperature starts flowing right when you wish to wash your face . 
  toilet flushes with needed amount of water automatically and when you enter the kitchen , toasts are already hot and crispy . 
  imagine now that toilet starts to flush at the middle of the night constantly , hot water from shower starts flowing and you can not reach valves because it is too hot and at the top of it all toaster burns bread and causes fire at the kitchen . 
  should they hire full-time internet security analyst just to heat your homes ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  they 've just invested in some equipment that became outdated too soon . 
  now it is not so cold in finland . 
  imagine it 's -25 c outside and they 've got no heat . 
  water inside pipes will froze and crack them into pieces . 
  i do n't find it fun at all . 
  in times before massive melioration from territory of ukrainian republic in soviet times , agriculture in crimea was extensive . 
  and they still continue to grow all those crops without changing their habits . 
  now even `` smart '' lighting bulbs can be used for such attacks . 
  i can not cope with all this `` internet of things '' , when my kettle or washing machine live on their own . 
  at the end of counting process !, 
  sure , it could happen here , 
  orderly undresses lieutenant rzhevsky after another hard party and laments : - oh , sir , the entire uniform is so badly smudged !, 
  - it 's not me . 
  obolensky barfed on me , i wanted to beat him , but showed mercy . 
  - oh , sir , you should have beat him . 
  he also shitted in your pants . 
  a rascal-monkey donkey billy goat and klunky bear set out to play a string quartet . 
  they found some scores , viola , bass , two violins and sat down in a lea beneath a linden tree to charm the world with art . 
  they struck their strings , and sawed with all their heart . 
  no luck . 
  `` arrete , my fellows , stop ! '', 
  shouts monkey , `` wait ! '', 
  how can the music play when you 're not sitting straight ? 
  you , bearie , opposite viola move your bass , as primo , i 'll sit opposite secundo 's face and then some music will take place . 
  we 'll make the hills and forests dance ! '', 
  they took their seats and started the quartet , and once again it came to nyet . 
  `` hold on !, 
  i know the secret ! '', 
  shouts donkey , `` it is bound to come out fine if everyone sits in a line . '', 
  they followed donkey 's plan and settled in a row ; but even so , the music would not go . 
  more fiercely than before they argued then about who should be sitting where . 
  a nightingale , in passing , chanced the noise to hear . 
  at once , they turned to her to solve their problem . 
  the pleaded , `` please , spare us some time to make of our quartet a paradigm : we have our instruments and scores , just tell us how to sit ! '', 
  `` for making music , you must have the knack and ears more musical than yours , '' the nightingale comes back , `` and you , my friends , no matter your positions , will never be musicians ! '', 
  mexican space program , i like it very much !, 
  but for some reasons they call it `` kerbal space program '' . 
  i 've read your deleted comment . 
  interesting . 
  i thought that after the conflict in south ossetia our nations had no more points of interaction . 
  and what a twist of the story , our little oligarch is ruling in georgia !, 
  never heard of his russian ties . 
  giorgi margvelashvili , born in tbilisi , studied and worked in georgia . 
  how is he connected to us ? 
  as of may 2015 there were about 200 000 russian citizens , [ source - bbc article ] ( http://www.bbc.com/russian/russia/2015/05/150522_rus_press ) . 
  it does not mean that they are solely ethnically russians , because russia hosts a lot of ethnical groups . 
  about 2/5 of locals are russian citizens . 
  just because us has fueled separatism in afghanistan ( iraq , lybia , syria ... ) before ... 
  we were just one country before division , the soviet union . 
  there were no referendums during its collapse to decide who will be sovereign states and how , it was just torn by somewhere artificial inner administrative borders . 
  we voted to stay in one country . 
  european union commission performed a detailed investigation of the incident in 2008 and published a 1000-page [ report ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/new-report-on-russia-georgia-war-eu-investigators-debunk-saakashvili-s-lies-a-652512.html ) . 
  georgia started it , it is a well-established fact . 
  what else arguments do you need ? 
  they tried to became autonomous during the collapse of ussr and establishment of new borders , but georgia invaded them . 
  ossetians even declared state sovereignty . 
  please [ read about it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1991\u201392_south_ossetia_war ) . 
  there were no un peacekeepers willing to help them in 1991-1992 . 
  the only force which stopped ongoing war were our peacekeepers . 
  they were attacked and killed by georgian military in 2008 . 
  and only after that war crime some russian reinforcements arrived . 
  if you do n't believe me , maybe an opinion of the prosecutor of the international criminal court is enough reliable [ source ] ( http://www.haguejusticeportal.net/index.php?id=13364 ) for you ? 
  invaded georgia , seriously ? 
  for your interest , we have a divided nation - [ ossetians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ossetians ) , part of them live in russia , part in southern ossetia . 
  the division itself is artificial - they are one nation . 
  there were our military base with peacekeepers , attacked by georgian forces in their attempt to claim control over ossetians . 
  and we protected them with minimal forces . 
  is it called an invasion ? 
  may i ask you , why do your politicians think that war is possible now or in a foreseeable perspective ?
