  what do i see ? 
  trump launches missiles on syrian military base , people are killed . 
  without declaration of war or un blah-blah-blah , or an international investigation , just because his daughter asked him . 
  what if next time she will ask him to strike moscow ? 
  in this case americans and their allies should know that if they attack , they would be fused into radioactive glass with their lovely soil . 
  your country still has colonies , not much have changed . 
  do you recognize [ this map ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02388/britain_2388153b.jpg ) ? 
   you honestly believe this ? 
  totally . 
  i know that there are plenty of people in this world who wish to destroy my country . 
  here , on this sub , you can see hundreds of such people . 
  what do i see is that they destroy one country after another , with millions of indirect civilian casualties . 
  iraq and libya are just recent examples . 
  they have different ideology than germans had , but they do whatever they want if they do n't feel direct threat to their lives . 
  in this sense , north korea do the right thing : they produce nuclear weapons and means of their delivery to us and their allies . 
  both libya and iraq were tricked to cancel their nuclear programs , with well-known results . 
  we had lost 24\u00a0000\u00a0000 people in the last major war . 
   can we stop pretending russia 's territory is under any threat from nato whatsoever ? 
  if so , why no mutual nuclear disarmament takes place ? 
  it 's nice to say such things sitting behind picturesque alps , in a place when last invasion happened over 200 years ago . 
  have you noticed how easily us attack other countries ? 
  surely it 's one of such threats . 
  we live under constant threat of nuclear bombardment since the beginning of 1950-s . why small nations do n't understand that membership in a military union would make them targets ? 
  reasons could be various . 
  for example , some elected retard in usa will decide to attack us . 
  not only usa will be counter-attacked , but all nato members . 
  it 's an absolutely real threat for all nato members . 
  if you thought that it applies only to nato members with their own nuclear weapons - no , it does n't . 
  you should very clearly realize that in case of aggression towards us nuclear retaliation is inevitable . 
  and it wo n't be directed only on military objects . 
   the treaty is a formal alliance , and the countries within it defend each other ... and in case of nuclear war nuclear strikes are directed at civil populations of all members of the alliance . 
  they use your civilians as a living shield do protect their military objects . 
  however , it wo n't help . 
  the main purpose of including little european countries in nato is to deploy medium-range nukes at their soil , which makes them targets for the very first strike . 
  protection ? 
  your nice country becomes a target for a devastating nuclear strike . 
  i do n't think that montenegrins fully understand what does nato membership mean for them . 
  social movement with the single goal : to bring khodorkovsky in power ? 
  no , thanks . 
  looks even better with colored rainbow !, 
  it 's a model , not a complete recreation . 
  but it [ resembles the original ] ( http://img-fotki.yandex.ru/get/4706/225044291.6e/0_df26f_a499356b_xxxl.jpg ) . 
   if french people were to reconstruct the burning of moscow it would be great historical lesson since it led to their undoing . 
  russians like military games . 
  when we reconstruct [ battle of borodino ] ( http://www.borodino.ru/index.php?page=content&amp;docid=651109&amp;__cm3__cm3=0iah2icb58k33 ) every year , french people do n't whine about it . 
  yep . 
  we even restored authentic military vehicles : german tanks , artillery and aircrafts . 
   russia continues to advocate their authoritarian style . 
  why not if it is our choice ? 
  why do you think it is possible to press on other countries to change their modes of government ? 
   so , any sex ed mentioning lgbt is banned official education in russia is based on established scientific facts , like it or not . 
  do scientists know what causes homosexuality ? 
  no , they do n't . 
  if so , why should we push a scientifically unmotivated agenda in our schools ? 
  it has nothing to do with morality . 
  as of that gigantic iphone , it was a private initiative , not motivated by some law . 
  private company installed it as a part of their pr campaign and then demolished . 
  probably their pr managers thought that it was a smart move . 
  sometimes we have problems with monuments , but afaik no official monuments commemorating famous homosexuals were ever demolished or damaged . 
  conic projections for russia are not that bad at all . 
   russia is far more authoritarian do you think that it is that bad ? 
  especially considering that we do n't promote our model of government to other countries and live with it by our own ? 
   far more homophobic most russians are not interested in sexual preferences of other people . 
  what russians do n't like is western-inspired activism on our soil . 
   it is virtually impossible to find a positive article about russia because western media are propaganda also . 
  rarely they are neutral about russia , being positive towards us is even more rare . 
  you pay too much attention to putin . 
  russia is not putin , russians rarely think about him , we have our own life , pretty different from western depictions of it which are called here `` sous l\u2019ombre d\u2019un klukva majestueux '' . 
  still better than spending them on actual war . 
  do n't you know about salo ? 
  some time ago we discussed here building of reichstag copy in military park near moscow . 
  today it was opened as a part of historical reconstruction of the battle which involved use of authentic soviet and german tanks , aviation and artillery . 
  we like him . 
  only on archival photographs . 
  [ this ] ( https://yandex.ru/maps/-/c6atv0nm ) is how real , working camps look like in russia . 
  note differences . 
  i use critical thinking . 
  knowing that journalists of novaya gazeta already made fake stories in the past , i do n't look in their mouth and prefer to think critically , judging by independent evidence . 
   could be that there are other regulations or contracts in place that do not take into account the tax system . 
  this system was introduced gradually , years ago , for soft adaptation to it . 
  i highly doubt that private driver could have 5 year contract on delivering carrots with a fixed rate . 
   could be that truckers are partly-competing with rail or shipping they compete with bigger companies who pay taxes , hence have higher rates . 
   could be that demand for shipping is pretty elastic and the amount paid drastically reduces how much demand for shipping there is it very well could be so , but if roads would not be repaired , after some time they will need to learn how to use helicopters instead of trucks to deliver their carrots . 
  [ this ] ( https://yandex.ru/maps/-/c6apntol ) is a satellite image of an alleged `` concentration camp '' . 
  kindergarten is 30 m away from it , across the street . 
  trees are growing on the territory , near the fence , no barbed wire or towers with machine guns . 
  its territory could be seen on [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/uoi2lvzryi8?t=5m35s ) video , around 5:35 at the right side . 
  the fence around it is decorative . 
  for me it 's doubtful that this is a concentration camp . 
  whataboutism started one comment earlier than mine . 
  if we are discussing an investigation by `` novaya gazeta '' , let 's talk about it . 
  it has nothing to do with litvinenko case and other contents of an article on qz.com . 
   `` we pay and pay and pay everywhere , and that 's it , '' he said they used to avoid paying taxes . 
  now their habit is ended with a new system of road tax collection . 
   ibragimov says he travels 100,000 kilometers in a year , which would add up to $ 3,400 . 
  ibragimov should include this sum into his service rate , that 's how it works . 
   there was no gay concentration camp ran by the us have you checked google ? 
  search on `` us lgbt in prisons '' results in over 13 million results , among the first ones there is [ this article ] ( http://www.motherjones.com/mojo/2016/02/why-are-lgbt-people-overrepresented-prisons-and-jails ) . 
  it clearly shows that statistically homosexuals are discriminated by us officials and have high probability to get imprisoned comparatively to heterosexual citizens . 
   so basically your cool with this whole concentration camp thing and killing off oppositions ?
