  and then ukrainian revisionists ruined everything . 
  directly [ in 1978 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_mariana_islands ) . 
  we invest a lot in captured territories . 
  our approach is overall better . 
  how do you think ? 
   because those forces help afghani government because you invaded them 15 years ago and your troops are still on their soil , contrary to what you have said earlier . 
   which unlike russia does n't have support of moldova , georgia or ukraine government because we have n't installed our marionettes in governments of those countries ? 
   sovereign nation has to apply for membership which takes years of course . 
  first you bomb them , divide into pieces , then install your supporters , then take them into an alliance as members . 
   nato is not a country so how can it annex anything ? 
  of course . 
  crimea was n't annexed also . 
  green men are not a country , how could they annex anything ? 
   because we do n't annex , or keep our troops on foreign soil after dictatorship or terrorist have been removed from power . 
  again , let 's check facts : * there are 12500 nato personnel in afghanistan now , not counting mercenaries and hired local servicemen . 
  operation started in 2001 , more than 15 years ago . 
  * nato forces deployed in slovenia and croatia - remains of yugoslavia . 
  what is it if not an annexation , in the long-term ? 
  * kosovo , a part of serbia was made into semi-independent country , just like abkhazia or south ossetia . 
   til we pay taxes to nato [ more information on official site of your ministry of defence ] ( https://kam.lt/en/budget_1065.html ) . 
  alliance use your resources hence you pay not only for your own security , but to a common fund . 
  from times of georgian-abkhasian war your new friends : * bombed yugoslavia and destroyed it * invaded afghanistan * invaded iraq * invaded libya your alliance made it . 
  why your alliance can do such things and we can not protect our interests and allies ? 
  again , if our country is so insanely weak , as you say , why is there all the hysteria about possible wars ? 
  why do you pay your taxes to nato , to protect you from whom , from north korea ? 
  if you can laugh on us , why i ca n't laugh on you ? 
   at what stage do you honestly think retaliation is justified , if such a childish concept is your guiding principle ? 
  we have lost at least 24 millions of people in world war ii , more than three times of total population of modern switzerland . 
  imagine , everyone in switzerland is killed , lying unburied , cities and villages are destroyed , only burned brick stoves are standing in ashes . 
  but three times more . 
  that happened with us no so long time ago , my own grandparents survived it and they are alive . 
  who and why made this with us ? 
  germans and their allies . 
  why ? 
  because of our race and nationality . 
  they depicted us as untermenschen . 
  nationalists in baltic countries and in ukraine actively participated in genocide . 
  after long years , they raised their heads again . 
  even if they are completely peaceful at the first sight , we know very well what happened last time . 
  and who supports them now ? 
  what is the limit for retaliation ? 
  it 's hard to say , not two tourists of course . 
  in latvia and estonia more than quarter of population are ethnical russians ( about a million of people ) - more than enough . 
  why i am talking about attacks with poisonous gas or explosions at strategic objects with such ease ? 
  i just have no illusions . 
  kidnapping of president who holds strategic secrets and directly controls nuclear missiles is something very serious . 
  so serious that it pose danger to the whole population at once . 
  not because he is like another kim and we like him very much , no , because our enemies could attack and we will be unable to strike back . 
  of course everything would be made to save him . 
  or to annihilate him with all the people around if rescuing is impossible . 
  weapons of mass destruction are always ready to hit any point of the world , much faster than any other means . 
  40 minutes or less from making a decision to first nuclear explosions . 
  unfortunately , placing of a large piece of tungsten on icbm to make it a large sniper bullet is not an alternative - it will miss the target . 
  i hope it will never happen . 
  but now i am looking from the window of my office and see a civil defense siren on the roof of the nearest building . 
  it will not help much since moscow is one of the first aims for foreign nuclear attack . 
  we live with them from 1950-s , it 's a part of our reality . 
  we have n't invented nuclear weapons or icbm 's germans and americans did , we developed countermeasures to survive . 
  i think it is understandable . 
  question yourself , why they are so scared and whine everyday on reddit about `` inevitable '' invasion if our economy is so bad and retarded ? 
  they could be a respected superpower too . 
  once upon a time , hundreds of years ago , they even captured moscow . 
  remind me please , your country is 87th , somewhere near uganda ? 
  i do n't know how do your people think about themselves . 
  do you have a feeling of ethnicity or nationality ? 
  religious unity ? 
  common language and culture ? 
  we have a very strong feeling of that kind , irregardless of where we live and it 's one of the reasons why we survived through history . 
  maybe we are looking outdated , but it 's our way and we are protecting each other in hard situations . 
  we have a proverb `` to stand as mountain for someone '' . 
  if you do n't like us and our perception of surrounding word , it 's your problem , not ours . 
  in reality the situation is [ inverse ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) ), 
  in general , we have straightforward programs and pupils are divided into classes of about 25 persons . 
  but in some schools modular elective courses are introduced from 5-th grade , and from 8-th they pupils became unified in large groups of 75-100 persons with a choice of different depth levels and elective courses . 
  for example , 12 of 100 pupils could study advanced chemistry if they like . 
  i like finnish educational system . 
  here , in russia , we tried some of it 's elements , mostly related do individualization of educational trajectories and it worked great . 
  ha-ha , no . 
  it 's not a very clever idea to arrest the leader of one of the most powerful countries in the world , be it putin , trump or xi jinping . 
  through it does not mean an immediate declaration of war , consequences could be disastrous . 
  in case of russia most likely some sophisticated incidents , like polonium-poisoned litvinenko , but with a lot of casualties . 
  theoretically - yes , it could happen if they will violate his diplomatic immunity . 
  but it would lead to , for example , acidental spills of some vx gas in european capitals or to reactor explosion on borssele nuclear power station . 
  something like that . 
  icbms have range over 11 000 km . 
  nominally we are at 12th position in the whole world . 
  we have our own currency and cost of living here is way lower than in italy . 
  if you will take bigmac index , our currency is undervalued by 51.3 % comparing to euro . 
  according to data of international monetary bank we currently have 25 965 $ per capita ppp , italy has 35 781 $ . 
  the difference is less than 1.4 yes , italy has higher gdp , but 1.4 times is not `` poor as fuck '' . 
   let it start economic sanctions for france for that . 
  you already have it , in a form of `` refugees '' and rising nationalism leading to weakening of your main alliances like eu and nato . 
  do n't underestimate other countries just because they are not like your own country . 
  i could name you dozens of signed agreements violated by france from times of charlemagne . 
  the first one is pax nicephori , signed in 803 and violated in 806 . 
  agreement is a piece of paper if it is not supported with real power behind it . 
  `` oligarchs '' are not acting fully on their own also . 
  it 's a pyramidal structure , putin is limited by `` oligarchs '' , in their turn `` oligarchs '' are limited by their fellows , and the fellows by their minions , et cetera - to the very bottom of society . 
  sometimes it 's depicted as `` clan wars '' in western literature , however this point of view does n't account that everyone in russia is a part of one of several `` clans '' , i am using word `` estates '' . 
  it 's not a western democracy , it 's completely another form of power distribution .
