  in russia we feel that we do n't want to invade ukraine with our own forces to stop it all . 
  from my point of view , the problem is mainly in the european establishment . 
  since ukraine is not independent anymore , your politicians should order to the new ukrainian government to stop the war and to sign a peace treaty . 
  bad solution is better than no solution . 
  if present ukrainian government ca n't do it , instigate a new coup , probably new ones would be more amenable . 
  in [ 2014 ] ( https://ria.ru/education/20141009/1027621414.html ) there were 20 . 
  we have n't started their violent coup , ukrainians made a first move themselves . 
  violence in ukraine escalated because they had long-standing unsolved problems , ethnical and moral . 
  even today , more than three years later they can not agree to make a deal with separatist regions to end civil war . 
  they are their citizens after all . 
  for ukrainians it 's still more profitable to continue the war than to admit that problems exist and they should be solved in a peaceful manner . 
  actually , crimean people attempted to get independency from ukraine much earlier trough referendums and other means , without success . 
  a lot of people there received russian pensions and other social benefits , money was invested in sevastopol city an so on . 
  we cared , but , perhaps , not enough . 
  ha-ha . 
   russia colonized eastern europe , central asia , and siberia remind me please , is there another western country that systematically invested more in its `` colonies '' than in the metropolis ? 
  putting rsfsr aside , ukraine was the only former soviet republic that was profitable . 
  we never was a colonial empire in a western sense . 
  our approach is different - to include conquered countries into metropoly granting them some degree of autonomy . 
  but better than the rest of their former country , 
  as you know , the majority of inhabitants in crimea are ethnical russians and crimean tatars . 
  they were obliged to speak ukrainian language in official situations . 
  to watch films in ukrainian . 
  to study their children in ukrainian schools with their mother languages at best as foreign . 
  when coup d'etat happened in ukraine , they were threatened by `` trains of friendship '' with brigades of radical ukrainian nationalists from western ukraine . 
  for me the most clear sign that ukrainian state was perceived as alien in crimea was complete absence of resistance . 
  their military and other officials just surrendered or fled . 
  you wonder because in modern times your country was not divided across artificial borders , leaving a part of your people in a separate state which turned hostile to them . 
  imagine that a couple millions of norwegians are living in russia after a collapse of your state , and we systematically oppress them - something like this . 
  in 2013 he moved to the duma . 
  he is not a head anymore , he is some another body part now . 
  as far as i understand , we are talking not about democracy as a mechanism of collective decisions , but about a very specific set of values common to the members of society . 
  thinking critically about most if not all western democracy systems reveals that : 1 . 
  proposed voting alternatives are not optimal . 
  the higher the level of choice , the less optimal they are . 
  choices are not based on merits of possible candidates . 
  not the smartest or wisest are elected . 
  being a politician is a profession nowadays , to succeed one should be good in persuasion , not actually a good problem-solver or ruler . 
  general public is incompetent in most areas . 
  the last truly competent person i 've heard about was leonardo da vinchi , but he was unique for his time . 
  education can not solve it since modern world is too complex . 
  but it 's very useful to create an illusion of understanding how things work . 
  if people are incompetent , they base their choices on particular problems not on knowledge , but on beliefs . 
  beliefs are irrational . 
  general public is opposed to the bureaucratic machine of the state . 
  it can not overthrow it without disastrous consequences . 
  if it happens , it happens not because people know that bureaucrats are wrong and the people know what 's really right . 
  it happens because people feel that the system is too unfair . 
  in sum , the only thing that really matters in such systems are the common moral values , the feeling of what 's fair , the perception of justice . 
  education is useful for living in a complex world , but it is n't the source of better democratic choices . 
  both sides in their civil war are ukrainian . 
  lukashenko needs more free russian gas and oil . 
  he knows very well that without it and other preferences economy of belarus will collapse . 
  symbolic move with re-installation of border is a sign no him to cut appetites , nothing more than that . 
  m-m , gmic `` dream smoothing '' filter !, 
  as a geodetic engineer i like nice and unique maps . 
  we have our own culture , as many other nations . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  do you feel uncomfortable of being on the same continent with us or what ? 
  the problem is political , not cartographical . 
  right you are . 
  this reddit is called r/europe . 
  we are different , but all of us are europeans . 
  cool !, 
  do you like [ this one ] ( http://www.dandys-deep-impacts.homepage.t-online.de/pictures/eu_3d_75dpix1024_ver_cut.jpg ) ? 
  europe is a geographical union , not religious , nor political or ideological . 
  this kind of maps are quite rare because they are hard to produce with modern technologies . 
  heinrich caesar berann was another cartographer who [ knew how to make them ] ( http://www.dandys-deep-impacts.homepage.t-online.de/pictures/eu_3d_75dpix1024_ver_cut.jpg ) . 
  [ i have a better , truly pan-european perspective ] ( http://www.davidrumsey.com/rumsey/size4/d5005/6767001.jpg ) . 
  nuclear weapons are ineffective in sparse-populated mountainous regions . 
  to nuke someone is a really bad idea , it should never happen . 
  actually , it happened once . 
  in two words , we failed to crush french army in switzerland , campaign was not successful . 
  how much ? 
  i was born in the ussr , it 's my motherland , but what 's dead is dead . 
  remembering it once in a year is just ok . 
  who , me ? 
  i 'm in moscow now . 
  is it `` yours '' too ? 
  they may want to join eu or nato . 
  it does n't matter since those unions would need to solve ukrainian problems at their own expense . 
  it 's easy with tiny countries like estonia , but ukraine is a large country with large internal problems . 
  resurrect ussr to feed all the `` friends '' ? 
  no , we do n't want it anymore . 
  do they have their own interests ? 
  i doubt it . 
  ngo 's are a popular way to cover propaganda agencies in the modern world . 
  nobody needs a major war . 
  ukraine needs money from their new friends , now they are escalating the conflict to get more from eu or us . 
  now they are shelling their own people . 
  [ osce 's representatives are staying right near ukrainian tanks in avdeevka and do nothing to stop them . 
   yes , this is unofficial information published by navalny . 
  exactly . 
  officially collected evidences are way more prosaic . 
  i would wait for the official decision of the court . 
  he was acting as a state official who ordered state-owned company to sell goods to his commercial company to `` resell '' those goods to real customers . 
  what is it if not corruption in its purest form ? 
  nazi collaborationists were found guilty by the international society . 
  he could had whatever complicated story , it does n't make him less nazi collaborationist . 
  what 's done is done .
