  we can tell kids that having blue or brown eyes are variants of norm or that tuberculosis is a dangerous contagious disease that should be prevented and cured . 
  those things are known . 
   who determines what is propaganda or anti-pc ? 
  we have experts for this . 
  in soviet times it was realized that propaganda is a valuable and powerful weapon . 
  we used it against the , the west used it against us , it 's not a secret at all . 
   the problem is that `` bad '' is highly subjective and always tends to end up meaning `` we do n't like it . '', 
  the problem is that nobody in the whole word understands real causes of homosexual behavior in humans . 
  like : `` mutation in gene x is causing it , it occurs with probability y '' . 
  or `` prion bodies of type z cause it '' . 
  or `` it is a consequence of viral infection with agent g combined with variation of gene h '' . 
  or `` using that kind of hypnotic suggestion cause it '' , i do n't know . 
  in the west scientific discussion on this topic was effectively stopped many years ago . 
  scientific knowledge was substituted with unexplained decisions of political lobby . 
  i suspect that new unbiased studies in the west wo n't start in the nearest future since politicians are scared of finding possible causes and do n't know what to do with this data . 
  especially in case if epidemiological hypothesis will turn to be correct . 
  until then we will have political decisions instead of rational ones . 
  some politicians will state that `` this is ok '' , other politicians will state that `` this is sin '' , third ones will suggest that it is a result of propaganda and so on . 
  think about it . 
   it is natural , it does exist in various species , you do n't `` catch '' gay-ness by being around gay people , you ca n't turn people/children gay by talking about the topic in factual ways etc. 
  what do you think about creationism in school education ? 
  certainly it 's a widespread opinion . 
  our society decided that we should n't teach our children about creationism as a leading point of view since we prefer scientific evolutionary explanation . 
  as of homosexual behavior , saying that `` it 's good , it 's natural '' and so on does n't have a solid scientific base . 
  i mean really unbiased results . 
  currently it 's a belief , like creationism . 
  some people believe in it , some not . 
  we do n't . 
   i 'm curious what you mean by `` hostile '' though . 
  any training of activists which could be used by external forces to ruin our country is hostile . 
  examples of an `` arab spring '' and so-called `` color revolutions '' shows that there is a technology to ruin countries from inside in interests of other countries . 
  this anti-propaganda law is aimed not at homosexuals as i have said already , it 's aimed against foreign technology of instigating revolutions . 
   and those laws are actively being used as excuses for persecuting lbgt people in russia as per hrw above . 
  in russia a lot of people are persecuted for various reasons . 
  is it a big surprise that some of them are homosexuals ? 
  i do n't think so . 
   do you have any non-russian-state affiliated source for this ? 
  for example , [ hacked archive ] ( http://soros.dcleaks.com ) of george soros structures . 
  if you have some spare time , you can search it yourself , most materials are in english . 
  i have n't read it all of course , but really enjoyed search results on `` ukraine '' and `` russia '' in europe and eurasia sections . 
  especially concerning russian ngo 's funding , protocols of soros meetings with ukrainian politicians , budgets of payed articles in western press . 
  very revealing reading . 
  how `` reputable ngo 's '' just serve current political needs . 
  we do n't have `` anti-gay '' laws , we have anti-propaganda laws limiting activity of openly hostile organizations . 
  for a long years a lot of ngo 's funded from abroad existed in free and open manner until it was revealed that some of them had hostile purposes . 
  the law is n't directed at homosexuals , it 's directed at a bunch of activists with foreign funding . 
  as you know , we , russians , are experts in propaganda ourselves . 
  we know how it works . 
  no , we do n't need . 
  to make it happen they would need to capture our territory and make us surrender , that 's how wars are ended if you wish monetary contributions and territorial gains . 
  otherwise , eu as their new patrons pays for the instigated coup and its consequences . 
  ikea meatballs !, 
  to find a solution with our help rhetorics should be changed . 
  their civil war could be ended fully in a week . 
  their politicians do n't need this kind of solution . 
  haha . 
  they are not independent anymore , new potential coup is eu 's problem now . 
   she has received international recognition for her work a jar of jam and a pack of cookies ? 
  right now it 's -8 outside , wind is 7 m/s and it 's late evening . 
  we remember it every year and it would continue until survivors of wwii are alive . 
  almost every family suffered losses , it 's still a vivid part of our life . 
  when those people would pass away , this page of history would be turned , as it already happened , for example , with wwi . 
  what did you think , they 'll replicate your current governmental building ? 
  no  they 'll made a historical park , even with vintage submarine !, 
  when i was a kid , i enjoyed such games at [ poklonnaya gora ] ( https://www.poklonnayagora.ru/?part=8 ) museum in moscow . 
  it was nice to spin a handle of an old howitzer or to climb onto a tank ... 
   i weep for you if you ca n't see the difference between computer games sold by private companies in democracies and a real life theme park kids would play in the fresh air instead of sitting on their butts and staring into monitors . 
  the one that was sieged in 1945 . 
  nice game for kids . 
  instead of playing computer games sitting on their butts , they will have fun at fresh air . 
  [ some in-depth statistics ] ( http://crimea.gks.ru/wps/wcm/connect/rosstat_ts/crimea/ru/statistics/ ) for you . 
  in short , their local budget deficiency in 2017 is just 51 millions euro which is far less than in 2016 ( 315 millions ) . 
  islam , buddhism and judaism are protected also , we have regions where those religions are major . 
  you do n't get it : religious organizations in russia is just big organizations with their own interests . 
  big business corporations . 
  they have enough power to stand for their interests . 
  when some kid download a new film in the west , he could get insanely big fine for doing it , just because some large media corporation thinks that their rights are somehow violated . 
  they do n't like free content , russian orthodox church do n't like dancing in its main ~ ~ business center ~ ~ temple . 
  it is rude to say so . 
  be polite . 
  it really depends on conditions of a peace treaty . 
  there are possible variants that would leave ukraine alone in peace , like obligations not to participate in military alliances , not to be associated with other states , to respect new statuses of their former territories and so on . 
  it 's totally possible and realistic , they just dream that their new friends would solve their problems . 
   than to admit that your country is managed horribly wrong this sub is also a place for anti-russian propaganda with a bunch of same users posting articles hostile my country on a daily basis . 
  source sites are not banned , to the contrary , such posts are welcomed since they fit nicely in eu 's propaganda course . 
  i do n't like hypocrisy . 
  political ideas , when stripped out of nice rhetorics , are simple . 
  if ukraine had lost crimea , they 've lost it . 
  claiming it to be their land is the same as taiwan claims on mongolia . 
  no one will help them to take it back - they have nothing to provide in exchange because it would be damn costly and dangerous . 
  if ukraine has an ongoing civil war , it has it . 
  they could blame russia in all their problems of course and even declare a war to us , but they wo n't do it since they need civil war to whine endlessly and to ask for more international aid and loans . 
  if they 'd intended to end it , it 's a matter of a week , no more . 
  sign a peace treaty , establish border , admit that war is lost , live further . 
  instead ukrainian politicians rely on slowly burning conflict which is simply profitable for them . 
  they are businessmen after all . 
  their former president was a businessman also , his mistake was in decision to take russian money while underestimating eu and us power to protect their interests and overturn him like some arabian leader . 
  the same right that gives eu and us politicians an ability to instigate coups , to invade other countries like afghanistan , iraq , libya or yugoslavia , or to proclaim independence of kosovo . 
  the right of power and will . 
  please do n't start again this sad tale about poor occupied ukraine .
