  who else are ` barbarians ' ? 
  africans maybe or native americans ? 
  come on , share your thoughts on this topic with us . 
  i would dare to remember that we started with talking about universal human rights . 
   i oppose the thoughts of their communist party party consists of people , it is n't a separate ideal entity . 
   i 've noticed with arguing with russians before , they never try to convince me that their system is superior i highly doubt that our russian system is good or even suitable for most countries . 
  we have our own way . 
   rather that all systems are equally shit what is shit is trying to engage other people in a system which they do n't find suitable for them and actively oppose such engagement . 
  if somebody wish to be ` barbarian ' as you said and they respect your independence - let them be . 
  thinking that you can promote your values with force to ` civilize ' some other people is a clear sign that something is wrong . 
  so , it 's all about your beliefs on what 's good and what is n't , right ? 
  you think that they are not good because they think differently and you wish to act against them because of that . 
  this is incompatible with the universal right to have freedom of thought . 
  do you understand me ? 
  you can not say that they are violating universal rights while you violate them too . 
  or you have to admit that those rights are not universal and your point of view is somehow superior than their . 
   except by the lawful judgement of his peers the essence of basic right is that it can not be taken at will . 
  if it can be taken or terminated then it is a privilege , not a right . 
  a very easy and transparent criterion . 
  justice is arbitrary , us have one approach to it , n. korea another and there is no way to say which one is really better , because freedom of thought is another universal human right and they think differently . 
  ok , is life a universal human right ? 
  if so , why there is a death penalty in us ? 
  come on , [ do n't you like it ] ( http://www.gastronom.ru/binfiles/images/20160331/bac26e5d.jpg ) ? 
  we could provide them with any modern technology which would make n. korean nuclear strike on us very real and catastrophic . 
  but we are not doing it , otherwise n. korea would already showed that they have hypersonic missiles , unmanned nuclear submarine drones and other means of mass destruction . 
  we do n't support them , otherwise they 'd already had means to destroy major us cities . 
  if we did , the united states would have changed their tone towards them . 
  ok , we in russia saw enough after the fall of the iron curtain . 
  does it make us support us ? 
  problem is not in circulation of information , problem is in us imperialistic mentality . 
   if the workers do n't have freedom and are threatened with the death of their families i call them slaves if i wo n't work at all , i will probably starve to death and my family too . 
  in a global scale it is true for every place in this world ; people have to work or they will die . 
  in modern societies some people can live without working , but someone still must work to feed them and to agree to share with them - this is called exploitation . 
  there are various modes of production and exploitation , slavery is one of them . 
  other ones are forms of feudalism and capitalism . 
  but this is true for western societies . 
  asian societies have their own [ unique mode of production ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/asiatic_mode_of_production ) which is not the same as slavery . 
  it does n't mean that other modes of production do n't exist at the same time in the same country , it means that they are not dominant . 
  means of production and people in this mode are not owned personally by anybody , unlike in case of slavery . 
  it means that some random north korean does n't belong to anybody as a property , products of his work do n't belong to some particular person and also he/she does n't own means of production . 
  he/she passes products of his work to bureaucratic hierarchy and receives resources for living . 
  in a more general scale , resources are passed from down to up trough a centralized bureaucratic pyramid and then redistributed through it from top to down . 
  on the very top of this pyramid we could see their current leader who acts like a supreme referee in this resource collection-distribution network . 
  there are no slave owners in their society and no slaves , it 's a different phenomenon . 
  as of their work in russia , they have to use capitalistic mode of production in such cases . 
  when they leave , they are back in their own mode . 
  bacon , lard ... salo !, 
  in that documentary i see an ordinary lumber facility , no barbed wires or armed security , people walk freely . 
  how is this a labour camp ? 
  [ labour camps in russia look quite different ] ( http://s9.pikabu.ru/post_img/2017/05/18/8/og_og_1495114448253024224.jpg ) . 
   this is common knowledge that if yoou escape north korea your family is killed/enslaved/tortured . 
  in soviet times same was told in the west about ussr . 
  most times it was n't true as we know today . 
  why should i believe propaganda this time ? 
  i understand psychology of ` runners ' , at least soviet ones - most often they spread lies because they think that it will be profitable for them in their new country , that 's how it work . 
   north korea is not a normal country who decides what is normal in such cases ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they think the same about your country and of mine too . 
   isolation , propaganda , slavery , tortures , horrible living conditions , famines , etc almost everything of this was true for spain or russia in some points of history , from a modern angle of view . 
  it does n't mean that when it happened people perceived all this like we perceive it today . 
  as a whole they are not forced to live like that , that 's the main point - their current condition is a consequence of their collective decisions . 
  i do n't see why it is possible to prosecute other countries for their ideology especially if they do n't pose treats to your own country . 
  because you disagree with their collective will to live as they do ? 
   i was talking about labour camps , these places are in the depths of siveria . 
  it is called `` siberia '' . 
  could you please point one of those alleged labour camps on satellite imagery ? 
  i know that there is a video made by vice about some place which does n't look like a labour camp and was abandoned , but if you insist that there are working labour camps with n. koreans on our soil , could you point one of them on a map , please ? 
   but in the case of st. petersburg they would still have all their family killed/enslaved/tortured . 
  do you have real proofs that something like that happened at least once ? 
  that someone left his work in russia and his family was killed ? 
  or you just believe that this would happen ? 
   food aid is ok i think so too , people there starve sometimes . 
   as i have said before , people wo n't stop starving there until the country colapses . 
  what if someone decide that your own country should collapse ? 
  just because he do n't like you , on a random reason . 
  to say , because spain is a monarchy and he do n't like monarchies . 
  i 'd say that this would be a disaster . 
  why do you wish for some other country to collapse ? 
   but by the north koreans in control of the labour camps how do you imagine all this ? 
  i am curious . 
  for example , north koreans work on construction sites in st. petersburg , second largest city in russia . 
  some of them decides to leave construction site or dorms , what happens next ? 
  in the middle of st. petersburg n. korean special forces start to hunt him and then kill with aircraft guns amid of senate square ? 
   while providing economic help to a murdeous dictatorship we do n't provide them with money . 
  their people could work here , that 's true , i do n't see how is this immoral to pay them for their work . 
  sometimes we send them food and other supplies during natural disasters like typhoons or tsunamis . 
  how is this immoral ? 
   there is no justification to this behaviour by russia . 
  we do n't need anyone 's justification , we are a sovereign country . 
   even if north koreans are n't breaking inmigration laws they do n't mostly , border with n. korea is small and well secured from both sides . 
   russia knows the details of these activities the details are simple : people come here officially , work here and are payed far better than they are payed at home for the very same work . 
   unless you want to help north korea like it 's something wrong to help them ? 
  they are people , they live in hard conditions . 
  it 's humane to help ordinary people irregardless of their nationality . 
  they were made with low yields for purpose , nothing prevents their engineers from adding fusion stages . 
  we have a special term for this : '' \u043e\u0431\u0440\u044f\u0434\u043e\u0432\u0435\u0440\u0438\u0435 '' , `` believing-in-rites '' . 
  people usually do n't really believe in all church dogmas , they just like icons , relics , colored eggs , cakes with raisins , pussy-willow twigs and smell of frankincense . 
  hunt down ?!, 
  how do you imagine our country , that we are hunting down people like animals here and eat them alive with their families ? 
  this is nonsense . 
  they come legally to work here , they have working visas and all permits which is not so easy to make for a foreigner .
