   west did it too yes , they did it too , that 's why i 'm calling the german minister a hypocrite . 
   trump just showed his teeth , if others like russia have no regard for international laws , then it would be foolish to believe the west has no teeth . 
  if so , then he barely understands our mentality . 
  if someone can , we can too and will feel free to do it . 
  this was not a wise move by the us and not a wise move for eu politicians to support them in this situation . 
  of course . 
  and such actions of us are justifying actions of my country . 
  if rules are not for everyone , when why should russia care of precious opinions of eu and us politicians ? 
  all violations of international law are subject to investigation . 
  there are established procedures for it . 
  if no such investigation happened , they 've just attacked a sovereign country without any right to do this . 
  those minister is a pitiful hypocrite . 
  if international law could be violated so easily , then what 's the purpose of it at all ? 
  we do n't need to conquer sweden . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  observers should observe , not take interviews . 
  how the hell navalny gives interviews being under civil arrest ? 
   in just the last 2-3 years , the real income is down 12-15 % it 's a minor fluctuation . 
  comparing to perspective of civil war and loss of regions it 's nothing . 
   like it has done for the past decade . 
  if you call it `` using force '' , well ... no one was even executed publicly . 
  nowadays ordinary people in russia live better than at any moment of its past history . 
  and most of us appreciate it . 
  as of violent protests , again , russia is not ukraine . 
  if violence would start , all means would be used to counteract it . 
  including use of force . 
  it 's a mutual show of power . 
  2000 truckers thought that they are a great power and even could claim that they would overthrow the government ? 
  government shows them that they are not so great power and their protests should stay peaceful . 
  if truckers would like to go violent , they would be minced under tank tracks . 
  we are not ukraine after all . 
  as of taxes , it is not profitable for private truckers in russia to pay all the taxes and work in a `` white '' manner . 
  they prefer to avoid taxpaying . 
  new system makes tax avoiding hard . 
  [ you would be surprised ] ( https://books.google.ru/books/about/modes_of_production_in_africa.html?id=_o_saaaamaaj&amp;redir_esc=y ) . 
  he can not be elected since power transitions in russia work in a different way . 
  also , you ( and many russian opposition members too ) confuse corruption with resource distribution according to place in power hierarchy . 
  corruption in its pure form is rare here and authorities fight with it because it is out the system . 
  russia is not a capitalist country , russia is classless society with estates . 
  much like medieval european countries . 
  who has power controls property , but property does not result in more power as in capitalist countries . 
  deport them back to russia asap . 
  in kazakhstan , it 's not in russia . 
  causes is still unknown . 
  it would be better for him to stay permanently in usa . 
  they like such people , he will get funding . 
  some of them would be fined , the fine is up to 320 $ but could be less . 
  some would be released with a warning . 
  some would be arrested , for up to 15 days . 
  everyone would be listed in the police database with notice on their administrative felony . 
  it expires fast , but during this time another committed felony could lead to higher fine or in some cases be reconsidered into criminal case which is way more serious . 
  and eaten alive !, 
  in jail ?!, 
  no , most were released after a few hours , after legal processing of their individual cases . 
  his post implies that every detention would be automatically unlawful which is not the case . 
  you do n't have a flair , so i do n't know , are you able to read it in russian or need a translation . 
  he can not press on decisions of judges . 
  he can not guarantee success in such cases . 
  he can not promise to succeed in each case . 
  it 's out of his competence to act as superior over judges . 
  if judges would decide that detainment was illegal - they would decide it without asking of his precious opinion . 
  if no , he could do nothing , he is jobless and he is unable to pay 10\u00a0000\u00a0000 euro for protesters detained yesterday . 
  what 's wrong ? 
  people were deluded by his words . 
  that 's not great at all , since it is a direct lie . 
   to everyone : if a policeman would be so careless to detain you on march 26 , i promise you to win by a court action 10000 euro ( for every case - comment is mine ) . 
  a screenshot leads to navalny 's [ blogpost ] ( https://navalny.com/p/5292/ ) where he discloses details . 
  i doubt that it is correct to speak about personal responsibility when [ they were promised 10000 euro by navalny ] ( https://twitter.com/navalny/status/844554708320735232 ) . 
  not a neck , he has a concussion and other minor injuries . 
  [ most are released already ] ( https://ovdinfo.org/news/2017/03/26/zaderzhaniya-na-antidimone-v-moskve ) . 
  investigation takes some time . 
  did they planned an attack with flintlock pistols ? 
  it 's hard not to be a part of it . 
  i mean , how people become teachers here ? 
  they study in a state-funded university . 
  then they work as interns in state-funded schools . 
  then the most common opportunity for them is to work further in a state-funded school or university . 
  if someone is working for the state , it is expected that they will be loyal to it . 
  we do n't have an academic freedom , it is n't stated anywhere . 
  the state pays for `` educational services '' , they are highly standardized . 
  if someone wish to violate a contract with the state , it 's their right , but their reputation suffers a lot from such move . 
  that would be nice . 
  this is exactly what happened : with this film he motivated his employers to think critically of what he was doing in payed hours . 
  voting in russia is not intended to determine who will be in power position , they are intended to legitimize decisions which were already made . 
  you got it wrong . 
  if you are not loyal and actively push your position , in most cases you are not bribed or threatened , you have a perspective to fall out from benefits of being a part of regime . 
  to be on your own , in other words . 
  what outsiders often do n't understand is how many people here participate in the state system of power . 
  once i 've witnessed a weekly video-conference of isaak kalina , head of moscow 's department of education , a couple of weeks before elections in 2011 . 
  his auditory was moscow school teachers . 
  among discussing questions on education per se , he demonstratively said two things : `` i do n't order you how to vote , you will decide . '', 
  `` we will give 10 000 roubles for every teacher next week , because we have some spare money . '', 
  as you know , it worked perfectly . 
  people were n't forced . 
  if they were loyal , they knew what to do . 
  if they were not loyal , they were happy to have some money in addition to their salaries , it distracted them from their problems . 
  it 's a delusion that the regime needs to give orders to act properly , people are good in self-organizing . 
  belorussia is an independent country , they could decide what to do with this database on their own . 
  there is no such thing as collective punishment in eu laws , to the contrary , they prohibit it . 
  there were no court process and legal decision in her case , that 's why it looks politically motivated .
