  like there are no legal working migrants in your spain ? 
  why are n't you calling them `` slaves '' ? 
  missile defense wo n't save south korea in case of conflict - north korea has very long-range cannons and arming them with nuclear shells is only a question of time . 
  we developed similar devices in the past , [ 152 mm shells with nuclear warheads ] ( http://wsyakayawsyachina.narod.ru/history/nuclear_museum/p12_a.jpg ) . 
  i doubt that you understand what is a real labour camp . 
  they have settlements here indeed , but they are free . 
  for them it 's a good source of money and a better choice than to remain in their motherland . 
  what else ? 
  we do n't control them , we do n't provide them with technologies or needed materials , they are making their nukes and means of delivery with their own resources . 
  after the west bamboozled iraq and libya about cancelling their nuclear programs and then military interventions happened , it 's north korea 's only option now to make as many nukes as they can , nothing will stop them . 
  it was easier to left you where you was at a time of our leaving . 
  it is produced from ingredients which are produced only in some countries , namely from limes and exotic essential oils . 
  from russia as a whole , of course . 
  in russia 85 % of mcdonald 's food ingredients are local , i do n't know about other countries . 
  it depends since they made their food from local ingredients . 
  be careful not to choke on your aspirations . 
  no , it 's the very same story . 
  there is no line after which some territory is more legitimate than other . 
  exactly : it 's pointless to demand such moves . 
  what about `` stop occupying hawaii '' option ? 
  [ cenotaphs are already pillaged ] ( http://www.e-news.su/uploads/posts/2014-12/1420016839_402507_600.jpg ) . 
   where do you have evidence of this ? 
  evidence of what ? 
   you do n't think there was an economic incentive there to take ukrainians resources ? 
  crimea is not profitable from economical perspective . 
  we already had those ports . 
  where are neanderthals now ? 
  in museum collections . 
  in early 2014 right sector was a real power . 
   where are they in the government then ? 
  they had no government at this point , it was formed later . 
  is ukraine a part of poland already ? 
   people actually believe this ? 
  there is nothing to believe , open your eyes : ukrainian radical nationalists just won coup . 
  they are armed . 
  their representative with nazi emblem on his clothes openly says about their plans on tv channel - i 've posted link to video recording of how his speech . 
  eu and us support them with money and specialists . 
  of course you could believe that they are good guys , but in fact you supported nazis with your taxes . 
  my greetings . 
  they [ prepared for ethnical cleansing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bxufcdmvg0 ) , to equip and send so-called `` trains of friendship '' - railroad trains full of armed radical nationalists and even declared about it on tv . 
  this was the pivotal point for crimea . 
  they have plenty of resources . 
  they do n't know how to extract them , but their new friends will take care of such knowledge . 
  what 's matter is where the pipe located physically , on which soil . 
  current rules could be changed by your politicians , it 's a risk factor that should be minimized . 
  they have business and military interests in ukraine : to sell them american goods , to buy their riches , to give them unserviceable loans , to install military bases . 
  it 's not some kind of conspiracy , you could find for example usaid documentation on this topic freely . 
  poland controls `` yamal '' pipe . 
  why what ? 
  their civil war started not with ` tourists ' or volunteers from russia , it was prepared by us-funded ngo 's , nourished by ukrainian nationalists and sparked after still unknown persons shoot people on the streets of kiev . 
  ` tourists ' are surely not the beginning of their conflict . 
  i have to disappoint you : in case of nuclear war moscow will be destroyed faster than finland , so i would not be able to taste your ashes . 
  invasion of finland in current situation is possible in two scenarios : 1 . 
  finland attacks russia first . 
  in this case answer to your question is obvious . 
  finland joins some military alliance like nato , deploys foreign forces on its soil and this alliance attacks russia first . 
  in this case such a decision to join aggressive alliance would be the reason . 
  what do you worry about ? 
  that you have a couple of regions with 70 % of ethnical russian population which already tried to separate from your mainland through peaceful referendums without much success ? 
  you do n't have such regions , you have nothing to worry about . 
  live peacefully , enjoy benefits of being friends with your neighbors . 
   we never sent our militaries there west is giving ukraine loans which they would not be able to handle in the future and buys its resources - forests , oil and gas fields , largest factories . 
  after some time their rich agricultural lands would be for sale too . 
   there is still fighting in eastern ukraine donbass conflict is a civil war by its nature . 
  both sides are supported by foreign states , of course , but it 's their internal conflict , ukrainian nationals against ukrainian nationals . 
   why in seven hells would we attack ? 
  i do n't know . 
  why finland helped germans with siege of leningrad ? 
   do you really think that i will believe anything that comes from the mouth of someone who just threatened to commit genocide against my people ? 
  you do n't have to believe , you have to think about it . 
  as of nuclear weapons , i thought it was pretty obvious that a country with largest arsenal of nuclear weapons in the whole world have them for killing people , not as some kind of toys ? 
  they were designed for this purpose - to kill people who will try to attack us . 
  i hope they would never be used . 
  who of us two is a bully in the current world ? 
  we have n't started wars since , i think , joining military campaign in afghanistan in 1979 . 
  what about usa ? 
   the political consequences of using nuclear weapons would be very grave that 's why going to war with us is probably not the best idea . 
  but if you or your allies would attack , all means would be used against you . 
  we have n't instigated coup in ukraine , us did it , with political support of eu countries . 
  we know very well what happens with ethnical russians in countries which are funded by us after coups , especially when us make bids on local radical nationalists . 
  realize it , not russia started the conflict . 
   when did the war in donbass end ? 
  when western countries would decide that they would n't support it anymore . 
  the cruelty of present situation is that this civil war is more profitable for the west than to russia or ukrainian people . 
  it was over in a few days after beginning . 
   if russia started an invasion against finland like they did with ukraine , what choice would we have ? 
  to flee , to resign or to turn into radioactive ash . 
  that 's why it 's much better to have good relations with us and be friends instead of starting wars . 
   this is not how anything works . 
  this is exactly how it works in case of ukraine , you just have n't realized that fact yet . 
  the new pipeline is in german interest since germans do n't need poland or ukraine to be able to press on them with their problems . 
  they do n't produce gas themselves , they produce problems and demand for more money and resources . 
   that 's a weird statement . 
  it 's not our business anymore to feed ukraine , now it 's your burden . 
  trump already promised to sell you some coal , americans would also provide your country with money for buying this coal . 
  not for free of course , but who cares now ? 
  there is nothing to * take * from ukraine or poland in this context . 
  we just do n't want to * give * them money . 
  feeding them is your business now , not ours . 
  [ it 's a russian name for ukrainian national hairstyle ] ( https://via-midgard.com//uploads/posts/2011-10/1319042544_xoxol.jpg ) , something like a `` topknot '' , `` forelock '' .
