  but it works , since most attacks were prevented . 
  terrorism is a method of modern war . 
  we do n't need terrorists on our soil , being it isis or ukraine supporters . 
  if someone plans to make a terrorist action it is much better to detain him before than after . 
  freedom of press ends where press calls to violence and extremism . 
  we do n't have full freedom of speech like usa and never pretended that we have it . 
  just like europe do n't tolerate isis propaganda , we have full right not to tolerate ukrainian propaganda . 
  no he is . 
  or how do you think , if someone ( hypothetical situation ) commits eleven thefts . 
  sentenced for eight of them at first time but then truth opens up about other 3 episodes , a person is not a recidivist ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i do n't know how it would be in english , not a lawyer . 
  we have a system of partial addition of sentence time . 
  not as in usa when 1 year + 2 years are necessary 3 years , but it could be 2 years and two months , for example . 
  his sentence times for separate crimes are still aggregating , but in more complex manner . 
  `` just reposting '' is not something that should be done irresponsibly . 
  i will speak for myself , i think it is a bad idea to repost enemy 's propaganda calling to kill your own people . 
  for me it is easier to understand why ukrainians called to hate and kill - they were loosing a war . 
  he was loosing nothing except for remains of common sense . 
  i do n't know what sites could be proofs for you . 
  maybe [ this one ] ( https://ovdinfo.org/articles/2016/02/16/zubnaya-pasta-s-ekstremizmom ) ? 
  56 ammo , possibly for kalashnikov which are compatible to saiga carbine . 
  do you really believe that all those cases are made up ? 
  let 's talk about those guy from an article , it is hard for me to jump from case to case in a discussion . 
  from what i 've read , he is somewhat sociopath who likes firearms , knives , torture animals . 
  society often tolerate such people , they are considered dangerous , but they do n't act . 
  then propaganda war started , along with civil war in ukraine . 
  he was brainwashed , it happens . 
  here on reddit we have some such people who are ready to dance after a plane crash with musicians onboard , like yesterday . 
  and normally brainwashed people are tolerated by society also . 
  but not in cases when they are both like to play with arms and call to kills , because it is a straight way to terrorist attacks . 
  possession of illegal ammo stolen from military base was a part of his previous case . 
  yes , he was convicted for reposts , but he has a criminal past as much of people listed in the op 's article . 
  we are a part of europe . 
  you can like it of not , it does n't matter . 
  from our point of view , ukrainians are killing each other in a civil war , which started because eu and us funded revolution and support them now . 
  russia is as responsible as your countries . 
  i 've opened second person from the list . 
  rafis kashapov - called to armed rebellion as a leader of local nationalist organization . 
  previously committed multiple crimes : theft , treats to official , concealment of the crime , extremist calls . 
  in 1990-s a friend of chechen terrorist shamil basaev . 
  should i really read all this stories ? 
  you are wondering why recidivists got not just fined , but sentenced ? 
  or what ? 
   i can totally understand calling for the deaths of russian and we do n't tolerate it . 
  armed brainwashed people who admit in court that they are calling to kill civilians on ideological grounds and do it multiple times should be detained as long as they pose a treat . 
  there is an article at anti-russian news site [ meduza ] ( https://meduza.io/feature/2016/05/06/sud-za-chuzhie-slova ) . 
  they are in latvia and not neutral , but not to grotesque degree of ukrainian sites . 
  the article is misleading . 
  he was sentenced for 2.5 years after he committed another crimes and made a plea bargain . 
  some details : he bought four firearms , stole combat ammo at military base , shoot animals . 
  after the beginning of civil war in ukraine he posted calls to kill russian people on ideological and political grounds . 
  in court he admitted that he was doing it for real and made a plea bargain . 
  he was n't sent to colony that time . 
  but , as a recidivist who committed multiple crimes one after another and considering his affection to hunting firearms despite the fact that he is not a hunter , now he has more sentence time . 
  divide in halfs by style of pizza , this would be interesting !, 
  or a colony of genoa ? 
  or even greek outskirts ? 
  mine fields , barbed wire , movement detectors , armed patrols - all such things are there . 
  is it confirmed that she was on board ? 
  famous [ alexandrov ensemble ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexandrov_ensemble ) was on board . 
  we celebrate new year instead . 
  traditionally we watch film `` irony of fate '' , eat tangerines and listen to kremlin chiming clock beating twelve times at 24:00 . 
  it is a time to make wishes for the next year . 
  after it , national anthem plays , we start to drink champagne and celebrate . 
  people call relatives and friends by phone , drink , eat and having fun . 
  some prefer to watch traditional concerts on tv , some are going outdoors and launch fireworks . 
  this particular one is a buddhist , so no . 
  in russia police use guns only in cases when no other means are possible . 
  they chased this car for over 20 kilometers without shooting . 
  it 's not that giant . 
  in moscow on 9th may 2016 there were only 10 000 troops , 135 land vehicles including one mobile icbm and 71 aircrafts . 
  in other 25 cities there were parades also , but even more modest . 
  [ i have a tactical plan ] ( http://magazinot.ru/files/picture/sasa/plan/plan-aaa.jpg ) !, 
  could this 35 vehicles be converted to something like '' [ buratino ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tos-1 ) '' flamethrower ? 
  should we begin total mobilization from 16 to 60 ? 
  they have a tank !, 
  possibly , because of some genetic problems . 
  jackal-dog hybrids exist , but they are used only in first generation as sniffers in airports . 
  because in czech republic they have only 20 wolves ? 
  so , government will not de-regulate it . 
  0.64 % in 2013 was 2 750 millions euro . 
  comparable to a * whole * budget of malta , georgia or armenia . 
  shaurma !, 
  curiously , methanol poisoning could be partially counteracted with normal vodka used as antidote . 
  the problem is : alcohol excises are a sensible part of budget revenues . 
  so , even the cheapest vodka costs expensive . 
  selling is strictly regulated : no trade near schools , no selling to minors , no trade after 22:00 , every bottle is registered and tracked in global database and so on . 
  `` hawthorn tincture '' in vending machine cost about 30 cents per bottle . 
  good versions of it are indeed sold at drug stores as medication , so completely banning it or controlling as legal alcohol would be problematic . 
  ah , i do n't know . 
  maybe if they speak mostly estonian for a long time ? 
  thank you , but my english is far from good . 
  i remember some things from my school days , but have n't attended formal lessons in last 15 years or so . 
  in russia we do n't need it that much . 
  people here often get frustrated and scared when they need to start talking and understanding foreign language which they have n't used for years . 
  [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/hozn2b72zmk?t=6m19s ) is an example of how stereotypical american accent sounds in russian , dialogue starts at 7:14 . 
  you mean stereotypical one or real accent of americans speaking russian ? 
  stereotypically they ca n't pronounce rolling russian '' \u0420 '' . 
  french accent is imitated with another french-style '' \u0420 '' , but few people know that not all francophones pronounce it in such manner .
