  he talks not about a simultaneous ban , but of a full database . 
  it contains information for border control officers to pay attention to , not necessarily a ban to enter the country . 
  i have n't heard of a ban for 350 000 ukrainians . 
  but if you are interested in real decisions , sure , please : [ database of court decisions ] ( http://sudact.ru ) , [ information system of federal migration service ] ( http://services.fms.gov.ru/info-service.htm?sid=3000 ) . 
  countries dealing with illegal border crossing start separate investigations for each case , then a legal process in court begins where convict 's interests could be represented by an advocate . 
  then the decision of a local court could be contested in higher institutions - regional and supreme courts , and only then the decision become legal . 
  in case with this law ukraine should have at least 12.5 million separate legal cases ( number of tourists who entered crimea since 2014 ) . 
  that 's how laws work . 
  russia had control over a fort in california , over malta islands , over romania and over other territories . 
  slavs ? 
  google for his photos and compare them with vk profile . 
  you are right . 
  treaties with china were settled in 1858-1960 on some territories which are in the dark green zone , mongolia and manchuria was added later . 
  at one point it owned southern shores of caspian sea but then lost full control over them . 
  it had , as , for example , malta or romania at some points , but it was not simultaneously . 
  dark green - territory of russia light green - protectorates, 
  m-m , [ war and peace ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9rubjpbcgw ) ... 
  fake news . 
  you can easily find ibragimov 's page on vk . 
  he was online today at 18:27 . 
  currently lives in henichesk , a small town located a few kilometers away from crimea on ukrainian side . 
  edited . 
  starting from 50 $ / hour . 
  i have a new anthem for the eu : united forever in friendship and labour , our mighty republics will ever endure . 
  the great europe 's union will live through the ages . 
  the dream of a people , their fortress secure ... 
  vodka alone will do a job too . 
  so , it 's a unique airbrush body art !, 
  vodka with lemon mixture works best for washing it off . 
  why the color is so even ? 
  brilliant green is alcohol-based , it evaporates fast and often looks like [ this ] ( http://ipress.ua/media/gallery/intxt/a/r/arsenij_jacenjuk.jpg ) after involuntary application . 
  yes , tanks do n't need visa . 
  that 's why it would be better for your ukrainian politicians not to declare war to russia . 
  you are right , we do n't need to invade europe . 
  let 's live peacefully all together . 
  do you find it funny to speculate about someone 's death when there are proofs that he died from longstanding illness and his relatives appealed not to spread lies about his death ? 
  i do n't find it funny at all . 
  [ photos from his funeral and an appeal from his relatives to stop political speculations about his death causes ] ( http://asiarussia.ru/news/15542/ ) - he indeed died of diabetes . 
  the cause of his death is [ diabetic coma ] ( https://www.baikal-daily.ru/news/16/240598/ ) . 
  yes . 
  from his biography it is evident that he hates our country and works as a propagandist , not a journalist . 
  author 's biography explains it all . 
  i understand it . 
  it 's completely not in russian mentality , people wo n't understand such behavior of a ruler . 
  we understand that leaders work hard to rule , but they are the final instance to solve disputes within the society . 
  nobody could demand from them , people could complain about their needs and ruler 's work is to find a reasonable compromise between different complains and necessities . 
  be polite here , please . 
  personal attacks are not allowed by rules of this sub . 
  our tanks and other military equipment were deployed in crimea since soviet era , we had multiple bases there . 
  it was n't an invasion per se : most population there are ethnical russians and tatars , we had military force already legally deployed there , a lot of locals were russian nationals . 
  as of donbass , it 's ukrainian civil war . 
  yes , we helped local freedom fighters with weapons and other supplies , but they are not a part our regular army . 
  it 's their ukrainian internal conflict , their civil war , their tensions . 
  in my opinion their main problem is in restless attempts to build a mono-ethnical state while ignoring the fact that ukrainians are only about 60 % of their population . 
  as you may notice , their current officials are not willing to end the civil war by making unpopular moves towards federalization . 
  this happens because they do n't have a monopoly to use power in their state , as a result of such moves they would be overthrown just like previous leaders , by their local radicals . 
  to install capitalism naturally society must pass preceding social formations . 
  we have deeply diverged paths . 
  for example , all the russian nobility during tsardom and empire eras were serfs of the tsar , unlike in other european countries where king was just the first among nobles . 
  could you imagine that carolus xii treated his ministers and generals as serfs , literally ? 
  nothing like magna carta ever happened in russia . 
  as you know , our first rulers were from sweden , we even had some democratic institutions as in republic of novgorod , an ancient rival of your country . 
  but it all ended under cannon fire of moscow tsars many centuries ago . 
  their mongolian-byzantine model proven to be more successful than democracy in our particular case . 
  to become a capitalist society we must change deep roots of our history and culture . 
  but there is a problem : countries which enter capitalist phase now have a very low place in the global world system , they are modern colonies . 
  russian national idea is to be independent country , millions of russians died to achieve it since mongolian invasion . 
  in sum , it 's possible to perform deep reforms in russia to make it a part of capitalist world . 
  i doubt that it will happen since people here are not ready for a status of an us / eu colony . 
  logic is simple : armed radical ukrainian nationalists were among active participants of their coup . 
  they openly threatened crimean people who were unhappy with coup in kiev and have n't recognized their new illegitimate government . 
  here is a [ news article in russian ] ( https://lenta.ru/news/2014/02/25/crimea/ ) about it . 
  crimean people decided that they wo n't like to be a part of ukraine anymore . 
  we protected them . 
  not warheads should be counted in total , but amounts of weapon-grade plutonium . 
  in your country there is also a large stock of plutonium not currently installed into warheads . 
  the rest are disassembled , mothballed , but not utilized . 
  it means that in case of worsening of political situation they would be assembled again . 
  as a lot of other weapons which are waiting for their time to come . 
  during wwii weapons from war with turkey ( 1877-1878 ) were used as a last measure . 
   other post-soviet countries joining nato tells me that we 're not alone with this sentiment until major nato and eu members are agree to pay for lesser members . 
  we had the same situation already : paying from rsfsr to most of the soviet republics to buy their loyalty . 
  to make their quality of life somewhat superior , almost like in capitalist countries . 
  at the time of collapse of ussr there were only two profitable republics : [ rsfsr and belorussia ] ( http://politrussia.com/upload/iblock/dce/dce29b26c3cd4e5a7310795e8a99ce76.jpg ) , all the rest consumed more than produced . 
  when flow of money ended they decided that they would feel more comfortable under protectorate of their former rivals . 
  in practice , it means that in case of economical and political collapse of eu your country will again consider being closer to russia . 
  because it 's a historical path of our country . 
  russia is n't dreaming of world domination but would not tolerate attempts of interference in it 's interior processes . 
  the cause of this problem of understanding some societies ( african , asiatic , pre-columbian american and others ) lies in fact that thinkers from capitalist countries used to see other state formations as some forms of capitalism of formations that preceded it in europe . 
  that 's why in 1990-s there were plenty of views on what happened in russia , based around skewed capitalism variants . 
  to some extent they were correct but western experts had lost the overall picture . 
  we indeed have capitalist relations but it 's not a dominant formation in our society . 
  those works in english are somewhat old and outdated , but sill they can provide you with new point of view on internal side of russia . 
  personally , i think that pointing to a single `` nomenklatura ruling class '' was not precise since no sharp boundary between it and other classes could be drawn . 
  thinking of estates by analogy with estates of medieval europe is closer to what we have . 
  nato serve only two purposes : to cover us and to promote their interests with military force . 
  in case of global war with russia small european countries who allied with us would be destroyed in the first place with their entire populations just because they host us military bases . 
  for example , to turn your nice country into radioactive wasteland only about five bombs are needed ( we have around 14 000 ) . 
  remaining survivors would die from effects of nuclear fallout , starvation and epidemics caused by use of bacteriological weapons . 
  a new war would be an end for the european civilization , which includes russia .
