  because your country is a part of the former soviet block , 
  an advice from soviet times : write unified technological and ingredient standards for food and drinks . 
  if something is made according to them , it will have a small notice on package : `` standard \u2116 123 , soft drinks '' . 
  in our age it 's easy to check any standard number using smartphone . 
  and released without any problems soon after . 
  its original sense is now lost , now it 's much more one of two `` gender holidays '' than a day of remembering of women 's struggle for equality . 
  the second `` gender holiday '' was at 23rd february , `` day of defender of the fatherland '' . 
  during it women congratulate men and give them small `` manly '' presets like socks , razors , shaving gels and so on . 
  today we have a public holiday in russia . 
  men congratulate women , give them flowers ( usually tulips , roses or mimosa ) and other little presents . 
  they have better working conditions ( for example , if work involves weightlifting , employers must take care of women lifting less than men ) , serve in army only as volunteers ( we have a conscription ) , can retire five years earlier than men , have three year payed vacation after each childbirth , receive some money after childbirth ( so-called `` maternal capital '' ) , there is no life sentence for them , special prisons and camps , sometimes prosecution is delayed up to 18 years to give them opportunity to raise children , usually they have more rights during divorce and so on . 
  however , some dangerous professions are prohibited for them ( [ currently 456 ] ( http://base.garant.ru/181761/#block_1000 ) ) . 
  they can not work as industrial divers , loggers or paratrooper-firefighters . 
  let 's cut some iciclos with lazors !, 
  in fact , women have more rights and guarantees than men by law in russia . 
  one of its towers , yes . 
  [ already released ] ( https://ovdinfo.org/express-news/2017/03/08/zaderzhannyh-v-moskve-feministok-i-zhurnalistok-otpustili-iz-ovd ) . 
  it 's their day after all , they are celebrating . 
   so if you get fired because your boss finds out you 're gay , russian , muslim or whatever , he 'll get punished . 
  exactly , we have such guaranties . 
  people could go in court and complain about negative discrimination if it would happen in a legal field . 
  we have some positive discrimination also , like guarantees of better working conditions for women , if they do n't like it , they can complain too . 
   then they obviously ca n't . 
  they ca n't do a lot of other things like marrying a cat , because marriage is not a union of cats and humans by law . 
  they can love their cat , live with it , scratch its belly , but they can not marry it because official legal marriage in russia is only about a one man , one woman and the state . 
  not cats , not four women like in some countries , not trees , deceased people and so on . 
  if a homosexual man wish to marry a woman - no problems with it , hence no discrimination . 
  if they wish special resource allocations for their condition , it 's not about discrimination , it 's about a social group claiming for privileges without sound reasons for gaining them , which is perceived by our society as not fair . 
  society can understand when disabled people need help . 
  for example we make ramps on stairs for people on wheelchairs - it 's understandable , stairs are constructed to walk on them with legs . 
  people without legs or paralyzed need other solutions . 
  but homosexuals are not disabled at all . 
  there is no such medical condition as being a homosexual person . 
   who are those `` wrong people '' you demonize so much ? 
  us and eu organizations and private persons . 
  you live in a nice peaceful country , wars on your soil are ended for you many years ago . 
  we live in a country that already lost cold war and disintegrated and we see other countries here and there which are invaded and turned into chaos after instigated revolutions because some people and their nations have business interests in doing it . 
  thanks a lot , we do n't need another revolution here which would lead to chaos and turn our country in a colony . 
  if it could be settled with such a soft means as a few restrictive laws , very well . 
   are you serious ? 
  you think people funding militant groups in ukraine are lgbt groups from the west ? 
  or who exactly are you talking about being that `` hostile force '' ? 
  are you simply talking about some imaginary group called `` the west '' ? 
  homosexual activists could be used among other social groups to serve as a tool of staged coups . 
  because it 's simple to make them think that they are discriminated and new order will make them happy . 
  in fact , some of their groups received funds right from the same sources as radicals who were actually used in several coups . 
  which sources ? 
  united states agency for international development , national endowment for democracy , open society institute and others . 
  that 's why i am saying that their real problem in russia is in their sources of money , not in their sexual orientation . 
   someone offered to help them with some funds for their prides , campaigns , they should have said no ? 
  any person in russia should think twice before taking money from organizations known to be hostile . 
  not we started it . 
  it was not russia who bombed yugoslavia and libya , invaded iraq , staged coups in egypt , tunisia and syria , not russia funded georgian and ukrainian revolutions . 
  when it was far from us we thought that it 's not our business . 
  when it 's right on our borders , happening with countries which emerged on the remains of ussr , it 's obvious that everything should be done to not make it happen here . 
   but if those political goals are things like anti-discrimination laws homosexuals are not discriminated by law in russia . 
  they could do anything that other adult sane persons can . 
  if you are speaking of the right to marriage , they can do it also , since marriage is a formal treaty between man , woman and the state and nothing more . 
   it 's also not `` additional resources '' . 
  it 's the same resources . 
  they work , they pay taxes etc. 
  just like everyone else . 
  it seems to me that i need to explain a few things . 
  there are no taxes in russia . 
  there are tributes . 
  people pay tributes and get resources as a privilege . 
  after tributes are paid , it 's not their anymore . 
  resources are distributed with the purpose of preventing threats or solving problems . 
  since depopulation is a very serious threat , resources are allocated to counteract it . 
   no clue who or what you 're even talking about here . 
  i am talking about political activists who were prepared to take action during a coup d'etat , funded by foreign states , organizations and private persons . 
  i do n't know , were homosexual activists actually used in ukraine or not , it does n't matter at all . 
  if someone is funded by the same hostile sources , they should be banned from taking any action altogether , whatever harmless they might look . 
  the problem of some of russian homosexual activists is in their decision to take money from wrong hands , not in their homosexuality . 
   considering that homosexuality exists in other animals species as well it 's clearly something that occurs totally naturally and is n't just some `` western invention '' or whatever . 
  natural selection was limited by human civilization . 
  if something happens with animals it does n't mean that it happens with humans by the same reason or that the reasons are purely ok and nothing should be done . 
  if we would do nothing to prevent aging or diseases , average lifespan in humans would be around 35 years by estimations . 
  comparisons with animals are very important , but they have their own limits . 
  what if some species died because of accumulation of mutations or spread of contagious diseases which led to sexual dysfunctions ? 
  we do n't know , but it 's a possible scenario . 
  almost nobody here thinks that homosexuals per se are a problem . 
  the problem is not in a phenomenon of homosexuality , not in homosexual people , the problem is with some political activists who use the fact of their homosexuality to attain political goals . 
  they were gently pushed aside from foreign funding , that 's all . 
  in my opinion , the purpose of formal marriage in russia is to facilitate natural reproduction of population , to guarantee rights of people who decided to have children and to rise them . 
  people could do a lot of things , they could date , love each other , have sex and so on and i doubt that they need an assistance or permission of the state to do it . 
  that 's easy , no ? 
  if someone demands special formal rights for an activity which wo n't lead in perspective to anything profitable for the society , why should they be provided with those rights ? 
  because they are ill and need help from a society ? 
  that 's not the case with homosexuals , they are not ill or disabled . 
  so why should they be provided with additional resources in exchange for nothing ? 
  just because they want it ? 
  i do n't think so . 
   you seem extremely insecure in your own country tbh neighboring country with a culture very close to our suffered violent instigated coup just three years ago . 
  various activists were used to attain this . 
  if the enemy finds some social group which feels itself somehow unhappy , he will use it . 
  if something could be done to make people feel unhappy using propaganda , it would be done . 
   if educating people is ruining your country , you have much bigger problems than gay marriage i 'd say i prefer school education to be secular and free from unsupported beliefs . 
  in case of homosexuality , cases are not known , that 's why we should n't tell how good is it or how bad is it if we do n't understand the phenomenon . 
  and we do n't , since scientists do n't have unbiased and precise answers .
