  in my view it is a bit naiive to think that so-called `` color revolutions '' or `` arab spring '' were inspired solely by local populations . 
  of course your politicians would n't admit their involvement , they need to stay clean knights of democracy and civil rights . 
  but no , they are involved and poor ukraine is one of the victims of western plots , just as ruined arab countries . 
  ukraine is too ` tasty ' as a source of cheap workforce for rich european countries , as a place for nato bases and at least as a country that would exchange a large part of their riches and independence for western credits . 
  truth is atrocious . 
  do you know what will happen next ? 
  i 'll tell you : european leaders would betray ukraine . 
   the civil war in ukraine is a direct consequence of russian involvement . 
  of failed revolution i 'd say . 
  if you plan a revolution or annexation , you should have solid alternative administration to take effective and successful rule over people . 
  look at crimea as a good example - they had working russian administration almost immediately . 
  in ukraine , western countries failed to establish their administration - they made wrong bids on local ` oligarchs ' . 
  if you will remember my words - they supported deeply pro-russian scheme of power and resource distribution . 
   the ties between western ukriane and russia are not so historical as you claim . 
  i would dare to remember that our state was named `` kievan rus '' in the past . 
   is ukraine so different ? 
  the poles were in the russian empire , as were the baltic states , and swathes of romania . 
  yes , ukraine and belarus are different and the difference lies deep into the history of our nations . 
  i know that now ukrainian politicians are saying that they are a part of europe and geographically they are totally correct , but believe me , those two countries are thinking and living in different matrix . 
  that 's why neoliberal reforms failed in russia , belarus and ukraine - simple solutions which worked with other post-soviet european states are inapplicable to our nations in the long-term . 
  the fear of baltic states streams from their approach to local russian populations in last 25 years . 
  they treated them as occupants , issued them non-citizen passports , they have n't recognized their language . 
  as a result , a lot of them are not integrated in the european matrix and now they see an alternative - to come back in a large russian social pyramid . 
   that 's what those people were protesting at the euromaidan they are doing so because they follow some form of cargo-cult . 
  we had it also in 90-s . people are charmed by western lifestyle , they start to think that if they will install some european-like institutions , they would live like in europe . 
  but this is an illusion in our cases . 
   the nation might succeed , or it might fail , but that 's for ukrainians to figure out . 
  who started their revolution ? 
  it was n't their own local intention to be free . 
  it was a cruel deal between two potential creditors - europe from the one side and russia from the other . 
  once their elected president decided what terms of european credit is worse than russian , western-funded activists started revolution . 
  it was europe and indirectly usa who wanted to gain control over ukrainian resources . 
  the revolution was done unprofessionally and resulted in a civil war on ukrainian soil . 
   i vote for the pussy riots as president ah , france , the land of freedom and democracy ... 
   i just think the government of russia has very little to do with the will of the russian people , much like the chinese government does n't need civilian input . 
  your parallels are deep , yet missing the essence . 
  both chinese and russian societies are made in form of pyramids of power and resource distribution . 
  in news you see mostly the top nodes , ` oligarchs ' and ` president ' , but they are not presidents and oligarchs in western sense , they are just current occupants of positions in the top of the distributional pyramid . 
  they are ruling not because they are reach , they are ruling because they have a support of lower nodes of their respective estates . 
  power and tributes are delegated from bottom to top , resources are distributed from top to bottom . 
  what happened in ukraine , in respect to my words ? 
  despite being independent for 25 years , they had a full copy of our pyramidal social structure during the reign of yanukovich . 
  and even more , now they have it also , just with other persons on the very top . 
  those social structures are very stable . 
  russian empire collapsed , ussr collapsed , but the general principle is and was all the same . 
  that 's why there were no partisans fighting for ukraine in crimea during annexation - almost everybody there perceived the process as changing some tops in the well-known pyramid , so organic to them and to us . 
  what is happening now ? 
  now tops of ukrainian pyramid decide , should they relate on european money for their profit while retaining their positions or should they make some kind of deal with tops of russian pyramid which is far closer to their mentality . 
  it was a mistake of european politicians to think that if ukrainians or us have `` president '' or `` parliament '' , reforms could be done to make us just like every other european democracy . 
  no , it does n't work that way and the future of ukraine is with us until they have the same paternalistic and estatist mentality . 
  most parts of their nation except for some western ukrainians are far closer to us , despite the fact that top parts of our social pyramids are in conflict now . 
  what do you see trough the prism of your propaganda as annexations and violations of international law has different nature for the participants . 
  understanding it deeply and in neutral terms is a key for making deals with us . 
  unfortunately , your experts are failing to do so , they can not help your politicians to do so , as a result politicians can not manage the situation effectively . 
   they just need to remember where their borders start and end [ sure ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htcywm0chne ), 
  of course . 
  we are not barbarians here , we are nice people with our own worldview . 
  failing to understand us and blaming in all shit is not a good way for making deals . 
  do you like [ the song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8fgmtaj4f_o ) ? 
  i like it very much . 
  it happens with all series of space rockets from time to time . 
  they are very complex devices and even a minuscule flaw could lead to catastrophe . 
  the only logical answer to the nuclear treat is de-escalation . 
  for your country it means to quit nato and any form of possible military agreement with france and uk which would include possibility of deploying their warheads on your soil . 
  the everlasting fear of being burned alive by russian nuclear bombs is a price for having wrong friends , nothing more than that . 
  definitely psychiatric pills are better . 
  and cheaper . 
  to compete with russia in nuclear race they have to made a lot of warheads ( 14 000 would be sufficient ) , their own space program to build means of delivery ( 7150 kilometers from vilnus to vladivostok ) , nuclear submarines , and tremendously effective ground-to-space and ground-to-air defense systems to defend civil population . 
  alternative is investments in psychopharmacology . 
  anxiety disorder could be healed effectively . 
  [ yes it is . 
  i hope they will establish closer cultural and economical ties with tatars from tatarstan region . 
  [ it is close to bacon , but the proportion of fat/meat is other ] ( http://i.obozrevatel.com/8/1175110/912952.jpg ) . 
  some of crimean tatars wish to reunite with turkey , not with ukraine . 
  ukraine has the best [ salo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salo_ ( food ) in the whole world . 
  290 in moscow , but most apartments are bigger than 25 meters . 
  thank you !, 
  in noril ` sk [ people live at -64 c ] ( http://s00.yaplakal.com/pics/pics_original/5/4/0/2724045.jpg ) , could you imagine it ? 
  we will have [ -32 c ] ( https://www.gismeteo.ru/city/weekly/4368/#wweekly9 ) in moscow on 8th of december , you are right . 
  people who work outdoors would disagree with you . 
  in russia we have special heat-regenerating masks as personal protective equipment . 
   it 's not like ukraine is the country of the tartars though ... 
  it 's tatarstan , one of the best regions of russia . 
  why ca n't they just make posters for another students to take only what they are planning to eat ? 
  it did n't happen in crimea because it was prevented . 
  nice argument . 
  northern ireland is a big surprise !, 
  i 've found [ some data ] ( https://research.cip.cgiar.org/confluence/display/wpa/syria ) :  in syria , potatoes are regarded as a supplemental vegetable in the national diet ( al-hakim , 1982 ) . 
  consumption increased dramatically during the 1970s and 1980s . 
  al-hakim ( 1982 ) estimated annual per capita consumption at 25 kilograms , compared with durr 's ( 1978 ) estimate of 10-13 kilograms . 
  if they care about providing their id 's or any information which could be used to identify them . 
  but how much of them live completely illegally ? 
  back to where ? 
  possibly they do n't know how to cook it . 
  it seems they [ do n't plant it ] ( https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/\u041a\u0430\u0440\u0442\u043e\u0444\u0435\u043b\u044c#/media/file:2005potato.png ) in syria . 
  maybe the food in lithuania is non-halal and they refuse to eat on religious grounds ? 
  what should we do with the names of former nkvd personnel ? 
  they are all dead anyway . 
   `` kingdom of england and wales '' sounds nice , i like this proposal . 
  could it be abbreviated as ew ?
