  who funds `` human rights watch '' ? 
  us funds them . 
   http://bigforumpro.org/protectors/index.php?topic=1018.0 this should be in the top of the post . 
  to make his psychological portrait more detailed . 
  he is in jail not for criticizing the government , but for calls to kill russians and previous commitment in hate crimes . 
   it should only happen when there are already mass atrocities happening and there 's a serious risk that more atrocities are about to happen and the foreign intervention is the only way to prevent it . 
  like it was in south ossetia and abkhazia when georgia attacked them and our peacekeepers tried do defend civilians ? 
  but we are still blamed by west as aggressors in those conflicts , despite the fact that we had international mandates . 
  the whole system is rotten , why we need to wait until someone would start to kill our people ? 
  no , we could protect them and we did it right in time . 
  ok , let 's imagine that police tortured him and he was forced to sign protocol . 
  but why he lied to judge ? 
  please , be polite , i do n't find it constructive when opponents insult each other personally . 
  ukrainian army , including `` right sector '' and `` azov batallion '' with bandera and ss symbolics is invading , freedom fighters of donbass are defending their territories . 
  it was a huge mistake to allow western ukrainian nationalists to threaten eastern ones . 
  and your fail as a nation . 
  where russian regular forces arrived at time to stop violence , in crimea , it was three victims , one our and two ukrainian . 
   still , the solution can not be the annexation of the region . 
  what should we done ? 
  should we sit on our butts and watch what batallion `` azov '' would do with local russians ? 
  we lost initiative in donbass , they have started to shell civilians . 
  do you understand that they are bombing their former cities with civil population ? 
  fortunately , we prevented this at least in crimea . 
  and us did n't send you military drones , for example ? 
  they are not helping you with artillery strikes on russia since such move could have far better consequences for them and lead to big war . 
  they do n't need it , it is much comfortable to send money , equipment and military `` advisors '' to one of the sides . 
  who funds it ? 
  do you think they live from showing ads ? 
  russian-eu-us conflict ? 
  no , it 's going on your soil , brothers kill brothers . 
  you were one country with them . 
  the only reasonable way to stop your civil war is to find a mutual solution . 
  it 's an economical term in this case . 
  and in ukraine people also did not wish to stay in one country . 
  all the difference is that eu and nato are recruiting `` members '' and we are calling them `` federal regions '' . 
  and we , in our turn , did n't wanted a rwanda in crimea , my friend . 
  now some of former ukraine parts are in russia , and others well on the path . 
  not we were the ones who invented this trick . 
  i am talking about crushing countries apart , proclaiming the parts independent and including some of them into military alliance to use as living shields in case of major war . 
  that 's what i am talking about . 
  in post-soviet times not russia started do do such things , it was nato . 
  not we proclaimed independence of kosovo , it was `` progressive '' europe . 
  when one block violate common rules , other feels moral possibility to do the same . 
  exactly . 
  now they would became vassal state of eu . 
  as soon as some foreign authorities start to dictate what country should do , there is no more sovereignty . 
  because they have a very few journalists and a lot of propagandists . 
  true journalism should be neutral , everything else is agenda pushing . 
  willingly like former parts of yugoslavia , after nato bombardment ? 
   putin robbed her wow !, 
  personally ? 
  she was n't rich in soviet times , she was n't in 90-s , she was n't in times of putin . 
  ticket sellers are n't rich people even in richest countries . 
  there is no limit of salary after which people stop being corrupt . 
  our and your oligarchs are notable examples . 
  she takes chocolate not because she is a criminal shark , but because she , in turn , would give chocolate to a post office manager and her package would be delivered faster . 
  it 's not a capitalistic economy . 
  capitalism in russia as a main social formation ended in 1917 , a century ago . 
   just stay within your borders why nato or eu are expanding , performing military campaigns , organize coups , support separatists , and we should stay in our borders , could you explain this to me , please ? 
  most of ukraine supporters are not terrorists . 
  but most people do n't have 4 guns and criminal past with plea bargains for hate crimes and storage of illegal ammo . 
  see ? 
   how is that not corruption ? 
  have you heard about `` asiatic mode of production '' ? 
  or , better , `` tributary mode of production '' ? 
  although both are not precise in our case , we are not a capitalistic country . 
  we have another economical system and social relationships . 
  i hear some reason in your words . 
  at least you understand that eu had financial interest in ukrainian `` sovereign '' political decisions . 
  i have a couple of questions , if you 'll be so kind : * those ukrainian people , who wanted closer ties with eu , did they understood all the consequences ? 
  eu-association was not planned to be a free thing for them in a long-term perspective since it always assumes profit for eu members , was n't it ? 
  * `` arab spring '' revolutions was fully motivated by locals , without any international `` aid '' ? 
  but , of course , ukraine is a completely other case ? 
  they had no pro-coup ngo 's formed just before revolution , for example ? 
  or there is no us military systems in ukraine which us gave them , like recently hacked uav 's ? 
  from my point of view , both sides are involved . 
  both blocks have their interests in ukraine . 
  but one is constantly depicted in western press as an absolute villains and the other one as god 's lambs . 
  they are a former team of lenta.ru . 
  the problem is that `` a regime '' is a very blurred term . 
  lady works in ticket-office . 
  she sells railroad tickets and have some quotas for employees and other extraordinary situations . 
  gentleman gives her money for a ticket and a bar of chocolate . 
  she sells a ticket from quota . 
  during tea-break she , her colleagues and her boss would eat this chocolate . 
  voila , they are `` corruptioneers '' in western sense and a part of `` regime '' . 
  but they are normal people . 
  not putin received chocolate bar . 
  not him persuaded lady to take it . 
  that 's the problem of `` regime '' haters - they hate themselves , their own culture and their own people . 
  it is as normal as prosecution for spreading enemy propaganda in times of wwii . 
  especially in cases of armed to teeth members of `` opposition '' . 
  technologies are new , legal reasons are old . 
  your country suffer from a consequences of modern type of revolution , again - reasons are old , a conflict of interests between eu , us and russia . 
  technologies are new - social medias , ngo-s , payed provocateurs . 
  things gone wrong when one ukrainians started to kill other ukrainians , long before active russian involvement . 
  we do n't need it here . 
  we are not ideal , our rulers are far from ideal , but it is much better to live with all this things than to have civil war , territorial losses and economical decline . 
  he was sentenced for calls to violence and for his past . 
  maybe this is not an ideal legal situation , could be better .
