   why ? 
  because he stated it several times , including a recent interview with kseniya sobchack . 
  stating the opposite means an end to a career of any russian politician . 
   conflict is here to stay and there 's no way to solve it easily . 
  of course there is a way : sign a peace treaty on crimea , settle this territorial dispute and be free from it . 
  the bridge to crimea will be completed only in december of 2018 . 
  there is a way for a uk citizen to visit russia without visa , you have to arrive on a passenger ferry to st. petersburg . 
  mimo_shel , he is against returning crimea back to ukraine . 
  it is so unpatriotic for a ukrainian to support navalny . 
  he looked so pitiful during the last interview . 
  is 1c accounting software now a media ? 
  they are private it companies just like google and facebook , and your government acted against basic freedoms of civilized society . 
  only in some places : near schools , hospitals , theaters , at public transport stops , at beaches , at playgrounds , sport objects and places like that , the full list is long . 
  there are also streets and parks in major cities where smoking is prohibited , they have special signs . 
  in other places it is allowed . 
  yep , smoking is banned at those tables also . 
  if it 's a war with russia , they should declare it via diplomatic channels . 
  if it 's their ukrainian civil war , private russian companies have nothing to do with it . 
  in russia we do n't smoke at restaurants , there are no packs with cigarettes visible in shops - only their lists , no tobacco ads and so on . 
  come to russia , you will like it . 
  why should i look into the `` recent '' history ? 
  like there is a borderline before which everything is not true or irrelevant . 
  no , this argument is not working , there is no such borderline , there is a continuity between the past , the present and the future . 
  i will not pretend that it never happened , [ they started it all in 1018 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boles\u0142aw_i%27s_intervention_in_the_kievan_succession_crisis ) . 
  submarines . 
  they use submarines . 
  like we started it all . 
  poland even occupied moscow once . 
  this could be a nice thread , 
  it could be easily tested - metre derived from pendulum length is about 6 mm shorter than modern one . 
  it would be cool is somebody from paris actually measured this memorial . 
  is this one derived from a pendulum length or from geodetic measurements of the paris meridian ? 
  who knows ? 
  perhaps it 's a manifestation of changing climate . 
  the wind was about 58 knots , which is a `` violent storm '' in the beaufort scale . 
  so , formally it was not a hurricane , you are right . 
  but for us it was disastrous . 
  maybe it 's ` just ' four countries , but i live in one of them and if it 's not one of `` main regions of europe '' , well , something is wrong with the title . 
  right now we have a very cold and rainy summer , snow falls from time to time . 
  a few days ago disastrous hurricane killed 11 people in moscow . 
  europe looks [ this way ] ( http://euro-map.com/evropa/fizicheskaya-karta-evropy.gif ) , a map from the post covers a half of it . 
  not in europe , but in eu . 
  the title is misleading . 
  whole my life usa planned to destroy us , it 's your country 's imperialistic dream . 
  so-called `` asiatic mode of production '' is not about means of production , they could very well be of post-industrial level , where instead of villages we have working collectives or neighborhoods . 
  which own property collectively . 
   there is absolutely no trust between our nations and few cultural similarities . 
  russians trust swedes and we like elements of your culture and lifestyle . 
  personally i adore your herring and bread recipes , i have ikea furniture in my home and trust it , when i was a kid , i adored astrid lindgren books , and so on . 
  have you considered the possibility that while pretending to be culturally tolerant swedes missed that they have nice russian neighbors ? 
   you do n't find it convenient that these separatist conflicts tend to start as soon as a regime hostile to russia is in power in the neighbouring nation . 
  all those three regions made attempts to get independence via referendums right after the dissolution of ussr , they were n't allowed to do it despite the will of their inhabitants . 
  they all have ethnical problems with their respective former countries . 
  abkhasians and ossetians are not ethnical georgians , crimeans mostly were not ukrainians . 
  their former leaders were not wise enough to understand that some kind of new format of living alltogether in peace must be found . 
  by the way , little baltic countries are so afraid of russia because they know very well that they failed to establish multiethnical states . 
  instead they acted with stupid nationalistic moves which created parallel societies in their countries and which they still do n't want to respect on a mutual basis . 
  some european countries are not that tolerant as they pretend to be . 
  and it could very well lead to their undoing . 
  as of sweden 's nuclear arsenal , you are totally right : nukes could be a good guarantee of sovereignty . 
  that 's why north korea builds them despite all the international pressure . 
   it seems like the estates want war with the west i do n't know about a single one which wants it . 
  syrian campaign is profitable , it 's an effective investment , but it 's another story . 
   so it is impossible for russia to change yes , it 's impossible to change our way in a fast manner . 
  gradual changes are possible and are going . 
  instead of wishing to destroy us , it would be much better to understand us and to find ways for mutually profitable relations . 
   and you will always remain a threat to my nation ? 
  russia is a treat only to the countries which take part in hostile alliances or have plans of taking of our territories . 
  that 's what putin is talking about - we could have nice and peaceful relations with , to say , sweden as a sovereign country . 
  but if it participates in a hostile alliance , it is under a constant threat of war with russia . 
  not because we do n't like sweden , but because usa dream of destroying us and sweden is willing to help them . 
  think of it : even if we will conquer your people , it would be nearly impossible to integrate them in our society . 
  there is no need in such move . 
  sweden as a sovereign country does n't have something that special that we do n't have and wish to take from its people with force . 
   the early russian states had the seeds of democracy but that has been forgotten after 500 republics of novgorod and pskov , ancient rivals of sweden , were the last democratic societies on russian soil . 
  their democracy ended under cannon fire of grand duchy of moscow which is a predecessor of modern russia . 
  we are different . 
  you can dislike it , of course , but it would be better is you and your politicians would try to understand that it 's not that bad to be different . 
   what do you suggest for a smaller country to do to stop your nations conquest if we are talking about sweden - just be neutral and live your own lives as you wish , preserving and developing your national culture . 
  during wwii it worked well , like with switzerland and other wise countries . 
   we will never surrender to you and i would rather die a free man than live under russian autocracy who needs you in russia as a conquered serf ? 
  no-no-no . 
  better live a long life and die peacefully in your bed , surrounded by your family . 
  if you think that russia conquers neighbors like abkhazia , southern ossetia or crimea - you do n't understand what 's going on . 
  during the collapse of the soviet union it was divided by internal administrative borders which were not necessary coinciding with cultural and economical regions . 
  in some cases it was a mistake since , for example , ossetians is a single nation and part of them suddenly realized that now they are divided with the rest of their nation and that they prefer to stay with them than with ethnical georgians . 
  georgians wanted to prevent them from re-unification which escalated in a series of conflicts . 
  if we were real conquerers in this situation , there was no problem in conquering the whole georgia in a few days and sending them all to some new nice place located deeply in siberian forests . 
  but nobody needs it nowadays . 
  ossetians wanted to reunite and be a part of russia - we helped them . 
  i doubt that there are a lot of swedes who wish to become russians . 
  perhaps i 'll elaborate on my point of view . 
   if you really want to understand how putin thinks you should read ivan ilyin . 
  there is no need in understanding what does he think . 
  putin is not a whole russia , he is just a single person out of 145 millions . 
  a person with a very special role - he is seen as the supreme moderator of interests between estates . 
  he has a right of taking final decisions , but he has no autocratic power to act without considering interests of estates , otherwise he would be displaced with an other supreme moderator . 
   putin illiberal democracy russia is not a democratic country , democratic institutions of modern russian society have imitational nature and served for some time as a way to communicate with the west . 
  this communication failed as soon as western politicians realized that their strategy does not lead to loss of russian sovereignty . 
   what has eventually led russia to the tragedy of the revolution ?
