  it would be much better to de-escalate the whole situation and even re-cycle all world 's nuclear stockpile to fuel for reactors and space probes . 
  but european leaders play their own game . 
  they manipulate people . 
  unfortunately , europeans are far less critical about their own propaganda and only very few things could make them think that something is horribly wrong in the actions of their governments . 
  fear of devastating nuclear strike is sure one of such feelings . 
  when you know that the whole , for example , estonia , could me melted in radioactive glass with just a few bombs , you start to think that dialogue is much better than screaming `` a-a , fucking russkies occupants , viva to french tanks on our soil ! '', 
  people here do n't want to listen to the opponent . 
  they were told that russians are occupants , for example . 
  ask them , how much do they know about ossetia and it 's people , their civil war with people of georgia , our peacekeepers which stopped massacre right after dissolution of ussr ? 
  they do n't know , remaining in bounds of propagandist cliches is more comfortable than thinking and understanding other people . 
   crimea belongs to ukraine in the same sense as mongolia belongs to taiwan . 
  the west did two things : killed saddam and ghaddafi and pillaged their respective countries . 
  both iraq and libya were persuaded to cancel their nuclear programs . 
  in modern world it means that the only true guarantee of sovereignty is an ability to make massive nuclear strike which will throw humankind back into the stone age . 
  ukraine was persuaded to give up their nukes too , mainly by uk and us . 
  and they lost crimea as a result . 
  it is not a clever idea to live in russia with foreign passport and without residence permit . 
  raids on markets are a common thing since those people tend to live and work in such places illegally . 
  nukes could be deployed secretly at any time right on our borders . 
  `` davy crockets '' could be carried by just three troopers , nuclear submarines could be deployed in any nato sea port , bombers could fly off any highway . 
  and , let 's not forget , uk and france have their own missiles , in turkey there are us nukes aimed on us . 
  we are surrounded by hostile forces . 
  very good . 
  do you see my example ? 
  it shows entire territory of europe , except for some minor islands like azores or spitsbergen . 
  we are discussing the nature of that crime , was it directed against ukrainians specifically or not . 
  genocide is defined as  ... any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy , in whole or in part , a * national , ethnical , racial or religious group * ... 
  it is about actions against specific groups , not about every action against humanity . 
  if the term would be used too widely , it will became useless , since every wrong political decision that resulted in deaths of people would became genocide , since all people belong to one or another social group . 
  ukrainians were soviets also , see ? 
  the problem is : no , there are no russian bots here . 
  in our segment of internet we witnessed emerging of full-time payed commenters earlier . 
  they are quite stereotypical and do their work in places where they could achieve maximal effect . 
  you are talking with ordinary people here . 
  if you do n't agree with their opinions or just do n't want to listen - it 's another story . 
  this sub is called `` europe '' , right ? 
  not `` eu '' , not `` eu and it 's friends '' , europe is a geographical category . 
  i 've made an [ example ] ( http://imgur.com/a/ot54s ) , more or less correct from geographical point of view : centered in real center , with full span and equal-area projection . 
  that 's how europe should be depicted on maps in less biased way . 
  the map was made after the battle of stalingrad and before operation in normandy . 
  at that moment perspective of capturing all continental europe by ussr was a very real possibility . 
  this map was dedicated to show it . 
  choice of map perspective implies political perspective too . 
  map in sidebar includes only a part of russian territory , not the whole european part of our country . 
  we are depicted like outskirts . 
  i like maps and i do know how they could shape ideology . 
  russia is routinely pushed out of europe on maps . 
  if you do n't believe how influential map projection and chosen range could be , look at [ this map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ro1z5kl.jpg ) . 
  on this sub i encounter such misspellings too often . 
  eu is not the whole europe . 
  i am surprised that we again see map that do not show entire europe . 
  also there were another standard families of fonts : [ literaturnaya ] ( http://www.paratype.ru/pstore/fonts/literaturnaya.htm ) - for literature [ schkol ` naya ] ( http://www.paratype.ru/pstore/default.asp?fcode=pt_scb&amp;letter=s ) - for school books [ gazetnaya ] ( http://www.i-type.ru/fontbook4.html ) - for newspapers and so on, 
  originally it was created [ without mathematical symbols ] ( http://docs.nevacert.ru/files/gost/gost_3489.26-1971.pdf ) . 
  it means there are possibly some proprietary implementations with such symbols , but they could be protected by copyright . 
  we have [ our own standard font for academic papers ] ( http://www.paratype.ru/pstore/fonts/academy.htm ) . 
  sounds like hindu mythology . 
   no , you started a war did we burned alive people in odessa ? 
  maybe i do n't know the whole story , we were told that ukrainian pro-european nationalists buned other ukrainians for their sympathies with russia and elected president . 
  correct me please if i am wrong . 
  i do n't know where yanukovich is now , possibly somewhere near rostov . 
   interesting to watch russia trying to destroy ukraine to the point it begs ? 
  maybe we started second maidan revolution ? 
  no , yanukovich was not even our guy . 
  last our guy in unkrainian politics was medvedchuck . 
  of course your country could pay for our gas with money loaned from your new friends , pretending that the gas is of european origin , but we all know the truth . 
   if you think we will turn back to russia , you are deluded and we never will [ never ever ?!, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqw4w9wgxcq ), 
  too late to pay bribes . 
  bribes are a mean to settle dispute before any legal consequences follow . 
   it 's absolutely not comparable to the chinese form of government which is really technocratic . 
  because we are successors of byzantine empire and the golden horde in our approaches to ruling , not to the chinese empire . 
   western europe does n't care about ukraine we told you . 
  putting `` spheres of infulence '' bullshit aside they are a suitcase without a handle . 
  it is very interesting to watch how soon ukraine would beg for a new credit from russia . 
  i think it would happen right after the new year - they would need some more gas with a discount . 
  no , it does not need to go . 
  china is living in a 2500-years old confucian-legalist paradigm and is totally ok . 
  notion of `` modernity '' is more a matter of propaganda than something real . 
  your karl marx already fucked with it , he thought he invented communism while inventing asiatic mode of production . 
  how it relates to us ? 
  it 's a question for ukrainian people , they wanted association with europe so much , even performed a revolution when their president paused the process . 
  not a very good one since it is under-specified . 
  too much uncertainty . 
  ask a kid to draw estonian flag - that 's easy : three stripes of equal height , blue black and white !, 
  your flag is a poetry !, 
  two pencils needed . 
  usa flag is more complicated and demands an ability to count not-so-small numbers , but still not impossible to be replicated by a kid in a form close to the original . 
  try to draw by hand some complex geographical form without using gis software or web-maps . 
  fail almost guaranteed . 
  for ukraine , of course . 
  turkey ? 
  is it still peremoga or it turned to be zrada ? 
  the best way to say which flag is good and which is n't is to ask kid to draw it . 
  that 's why the overall idea with so complex geographical forms is bad . 
   they do n't praise government it does n't matter in their case since they have [ no state funding ] ( https://eu.spb.ru/sveden/finance ) at all . 
  laws in russia are instruments that are used by social groups to enforce and protect their interests . 
  but they are not the primary mean to settle disputes , people and social groups use them when they are unable to find balance of interests . 
  in a case with european university , as far as i know , they violated some bureaucratic formalities thinking that their patrons would resolve the situation on informal level . 
  indeed it happened , they even contacted putin . 
  if they would be able to garner more power support than the opponents , they will win the dispute .
