  if they have an incompetent translator , it does n't mean that he indeed said so . 
  if you were be a foreigner who does n't know russian it would be understandable if you believed translation without checking original interview . 
  but you know russian very well - it 's pretty evident from your posting history , that 's why i made a conclusion that you are doing it deliberately to spread fake . 
  '' \u0412\u0432\u044f\u0437\u0430\u0442\u044c\u0441\u044f '' is roughly `` to poke one 's nose in '' , to show too much interest in a situation that does not involve you . 
  he had n't said that , in russian '' \u0432\u0432\u044f\u0437\u0430\u0442\u044c\u0441\u044f '' has other meaning . 
  as a russian speaker you must know the difference . 
  you are spreading fake news . 
  we are a part of europe too . 
  of course . 
  this sub is full of russophobic people , they ca n't tolerate good news about my country . 
  perhaps they put them into fmri and show them gay porn . 
  mangos cost here about 7 $ per kilogram , papaya about 12-15 $ per kilogram . 
  both are considered exotic fruits . 
  do they fry it in mammoth fat and prepare mayo from dodo 's eggs ? 
  7 $ for a serving ?!, 
  like whole 10kg of potatoes , but for a one serving ? 
  in translations , of course . 
  it was in 1990-s , before the internet era , books in foreign languages were rare . 
  i had some books in english , one about a little white walrus named sam , tolkien 's `` unfinished tales '' , `` warhammer : fantasy battles '' manuals and a book in french about prehistoric hunters fighting wooly rhinoceros with burned eye . 
  we had to read the following list , but of course we enjoyed other foreign texts too . 
  this was the minimum : `` the tragedy of hamlet , prince of denmark '' - by william shakespeare `` faust . 
  eine trag\u00f6die '' by johann wolfgang von goethe `` klein zaches , genannt zinnober '' by ernst theodor wilhelm hoffmann `` gobseck '' or `` le p\u00e8re goriot '' by honor\u00e9 de balzac `` pygmalion : a romance in five acts '' by george bernard shaw `` the war of the worlds '' by herbert george wells `` the old man and the sea '' by ernest miller hemingway `` drei kameraden '' by erich maria remarque `` childe harold 's pilgrimage '' by george gordon byron, 
  nice idea , hope they will bury him back not in his museum , but as was intended - hand to hand with gala . 
  with hackers , of course . 
  do you miss him ? 
  most of them come to live on your expense , fuck your women , establish their law and then tax you as infidels . 
  that 's the real reason . 
  of course . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  top russian writer is vladimir sorokin and he also knows a reason for all of this . 
  tellurium nails inside heads , my friends , tellurium nails . 
  his accountant already [ admitted ] ( https://meduza.io/news/2017/06/05/republic-byvshiy-buhgalter-sedmoy-studii-rasskazala-sk-ob-obnalichivanii-100-millionov-rubley ) that she participated in laundering of 100 million roubles . 
  he does n't need eyewitness accounts , it wo n't help him . 
  it could happen if a citizen could provide something valuable in exchange for it . 
  since he does n't have enough power or riches , it 's most probably that he provided his service in exchange . 
  this is n't something rare in russia , there are other `` opposition members '' who have informal deals with officials . 
  navalny has a deal with officials , so he has nothing to really worry about . 
  currently he is on two suspended sentences which is totally impossible without some sort of deal since it makes him a recidivist . 
  where is an ocelot ? 
  are you sure ? 
  i 'm a bit worried about this prohibition . 
  `` genuine meatballs with taste of la b\u00e9r\u00e9zina : since 1812 '', 
  what 's wrong with horse meat ? 
  it 's tasty . 
  it 's not quite interesting since france has complicated citizenship law and application scheme . 
  in france it 's simpler to be an arab without documents than russian with such kind of visa . 
  navalny is not a political oppositioneer , he is a convicted criminal on two probations . 
  justice is undermined by this softness : if he continues to violate the law , it means that he failed his probations and must go into prison . 
  instead he is travelling freely to spain to celebrate his birthday and plotting new provocations . 
  i 've survived revolution of pseudo-democrates in 1991 , i 've seen violent coups and civil wars in neighboring countries . 
  i do n't want something like this to happen here again . 
  that 's why i think that police should act with more courage and enthusiasm . 
  that 's sad that police is acting so soft with them , especially with navalny . 
  it 's better than what do we have now , so - yes . 
  see , it 's not that hard at all with right priorities in mind . 
  referendum without any soldiers staying behind is possible in a tribal society of hunters-gatherers , but not in a modern state . 
  this is one of the deficiencies of democratic model : referendum is a mechanism of making collective decisions , it is guaranteed by a state and state executes its power with force . 
  yes , it is called `` united russia '' . 
  as an imaginary ukrainian politician my program on this problems would consist of five moves . 
  covertly produce at least a few working nuclear bombs and means of their delivery to any point on the globe . 
  both is possible , since ukraine has uranium , facilities to produce weapon-grade materials and still can produce space-capable rockets . 
  blame both foreign sides of the conflict , exposing not only russia 's actions , but western too . 
  ukraine could be a sovereign nation , not a failed vassal state and the only guarantee of such sovereignty is a deployed nuclear arsenal . 
  postulate that peace and prosperity of the people is the highest value for the state . 
  not nationalistic ambitions , not the desire to be in someone 's ` sphere of influence ' and extract profits from it . 
  stop taking money from western ` investors ' until clarification of relationships with them as not vassal-suzeren but as a dialogue of independent nations and unions . 
  sign the peace treaty with russia on said conditions . 
  voila , as a result , we have a nice sovereign country , independent from anybody , with solid guarantees against further annexations . 
  peaceful , stable and secured , looking into the bright ukrainian future ... 
   why would ukraine sign this when it benefits russia only ? 
  the benefit for ukraine is to end the conflict and be free from limitations caused by it . 
   the separatists are the ones breaking the agreement the most , according to osce . 
  of course they are , because they do n't believe ukrainian government which is not motivated to end the conflict . 
  it is profitable for some members of government , but not for the people of ukraine . 
  where are the actions like constitutional reform ? 
  there are no such actions because ukrainian government does n't have full authority to do it , they are afraid of powers which they are unable to control . 
   it 's hypocritical for russia to support secessionists in other countries it was not russia who instigated coup in ukraine . 
  russia responded to actions of other countries with force . 
  maidan revolution was a well-planned operation , with known financial sources , and it was n't russia 's plot . 
  but of course we are hypocrites and coup funders are good guys , of course . 
   depending on what clauses are in the treaty . 
   what would you suggest ? 
  i think not many are really needed : 1 . 
  crimea is recognized as an integral part or russia . 
  ukraine and russia fully implement minsk agreements . 
  ukraine recognizes that it is a multi-etnical state , inhabited not only by ukrainians who speak ukrainian language . 
  of course it 's not allowed in ukraine and with a solid reason : allow it and we will grab half of ukraine 's regions using such referendums , poland will grab some too and it would be wonderful if something will remain after this imaginary procedure . 
  that 's why performing referendum again is senseless . 
  it would be way easier for your government to sign a peace treaty . 
  and the question could be : `` would you like to remain where you already are or to go back to your former state which thinks that you are traitors and will send azov regiment to pacify you ? '' . 
  it does n't work that way , there is no right of secession in our constitution . 
  to change it , not only crimeans must be asked on a referendum . 
  crimea is a part of russia now , like it or not . 
  new referendum would not solve this problem - crimeans had referendums in their past , before 2014 , and their opinions were not recognized . 
  imagine the procedure . 
  what should we do ? 
  should we invite ukrainian officials to conduct referendum on our soil according to ukrainian laws , questioning about secession of our region ? 
  this is nonsense , do n't you think so ? 
  in fact , i 'm a reptiloid . 
  we have a base at kerguelen islands .
