  more than 70 % of economy belongs to the state according to official estimates . 
  real rules are far from what is stated in papers , we all know it . 
  constitution never worked properly since it was a groundless imitation made to acquire western money in hard times . 
  if you are making business in russia , you share tributes . 
  denying it or blaming people for being corrupt is n't working since if you are doing something , you are guilty from some point of view . 
  this is one of the reasons why navalny would not gain the power - it 's pointless to blame active people just because they do something . 
  navalny knows it very well because he participated in scheme with state-owned timber . 
  his criminal case is the signal form officials : `` he 's just like the rest of us '' . 
  and they are right , he is a crony himself . 
  lebedev was his supporter . 
  i think it 's an important moment , when navalny start to betray notable people who was kind to him . 
   life where ` the stronger is right ' ... ... could be regulated very well with adequate mechanisms of regulation . 
  our tragedy is in attempt to imitate western institutes in hope that they would work . 
  like , let 's have a `` democratic '' system with political parties and elections - what a good idea !, 
  but it was inadequate for classless soviet society . 
  zemstva with democracy limited to estates would be more practical , but only now our society become to realize that it is organized differently than in the west . 
  some estates have succeeded in struggle for rights and privileges , like contemporary cossacks or russian orthodox church , others are disorganized and do n't know what to do . 
  the future is in change of political system to match real structure of our society closer . 
  why navalny is not the future is because he tries to apply western categories to our local life . 
  his stories about `` corruption '' are mostly perceived as `` open secret '' by ordinary people . 
  because only a minor of his cases is about true corruption in western sense , others are just elucidating of real relations in society . 
  people know this well if they do n't live in a vacuum . 
  he was unable to search compromise with other holders of power in common language , his supporters were not heard . 
  i think it 's better for an opposition member in russia to know how to do small deeds like planting trees or planning public transport routes than to make big claims and lost all supporters gradually . 
   it makes him a local politician . 
  sure . 
  yet both of them are far more real than navalny . 
  maybe they are not a state-level politicians , but at least they have some new practical ideas on how to make our lives better . 
  what do you mean by popularity ? 
  for example , in 2014 katz had 22,99 % of votes in moscow city duma . 
  i 'm waiting for his debates with tema lebedev . 
  perhaps [ max katz ] ( http://maxkatz.livejournal.com ) or [ ilya varlamov ] ( http://varlamov.ru ) . 
  our soyuz spaceships are capable to approach even a [ dead target in space ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salyut_7#loss_of_power ) to repair it . 
  hubble space telescope was inoperable after launch due to miscalculation in optics . 
  she was repaired by astronauts and still works . 
  if they do n't charge money directly from users , it does n't mean that they are free . 
  google maps , in addition , has troublesome license agreement . 
  they all are a little bit different , although galileo has a potential for more precise positioning with an additional open signal frequency to estimate atmospheric delays . 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  we have yandex maps and 2gis as better alternatives for google maps in russia . 
  it is called `` ukrainskiy borsch '' when something good is intended , in other cases like in student 's canteens it 's just called `` borsch '' . 
  this product often lacks national attribution , sour-cream and pampushki . 
   what putin actually intends to do he intends to wait for actual proposals from trump . 
  not tweets , but real deals . 
   you seem to be saying that the siloviki and oligarchs who are those people ? 
  `` siloviki '' is not some abstract group of guys with guns . 
  they are representatives of interests of their respective estates . 
  as oligarchs . 
  they are not monolithic group at all , nearly all oligarchies in contemporary russia have their roots in separate industrial complexes of soviet union . 
  it 's a pyramidal structure of power - at the very top level is putin , at the second are top estate representatives and so on , to the lowest levels of babushkas sitting on benches . 
  tributes flow from bottom to top , resources flow from top to bottom . 
  russia is not a country where some privileged class of nomenklatura rules all , like voslensky or dzilas thought . 
  stalin 's soviet version is third . 
  [ the first ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0fwri20x1s ) [ the second ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eytvqq_1wuu ), 
   the majority of russians support putin how do you think , who is he ? 
  a dictator ? 
  i think , he is man with a function of judging disputes between main fractions in society and making final decisions which are obligatory . 
  it could be another man or woman in his place , not much will change for the system of power relations . 
  western press demonize him because journalists do n't see who are behind him . 
  they do n't see it because they do n't understand how power works in russia . 
  most western experts and journalists do n't understand what 's going on . 
  political parties mean close to nothing in our country . 
  they were made in early 90-s to mimic democratic institutions , but now they are mostly decorations . 
  or elite clubs for some of their members . 
  i know , it 's hard for europeans to understand it . 
  ukraine is seen mostly as a negative example of what happens if the other , revolutionary way is chosen . 
  we passed close to it in 2011-2012 , along with many other countries which faced `` revolutions of colors '' or `` arab spring '' . 
  ukrainians tend to blame us in all their problems because it 's hard for them to admit that they are the blacksmiths of their own fate . 
  i doubt that in modern world there are truly fair judicial systems . 
  our system is far from being flawless , but it works , we do n't have anarchy on our streets . 
  that 's what i 've asked about - does the fact that someone is an `` artist '' make a person special , give him some sort of immunity ? 
  under pressure while he was staying before the judge ? 
  what 's the point , he could deny anything , he could say that he was tortured . 
   in fact , it is very easy to provoke a fight with a person who has incredibly developed sense of justice and willing to protect it as pavlenskiy in russian penal code there is no such thing as `` provocation of fight '' per se . 
  it could be self-defence , or preventing immediate danger to other 's life , or an acting in insane state , but `` provocation '' is not considered a proper motive to be free from charges . 
   fsb door in the same building where thousands were false prosecuted fsb door is just a door . 
  he could hate it , of course , as many other doors like gates of the tower of london , or the pentagon . 
  in legal sense , property is damaged , he is an instigator . 
   how fair judicial system is in russia and whether such person as pavlenskiy could expect for fair court ? 
  his previous crime resulted in a very soft fine instead of two years in labour camp . 
  it 's quite humane . 
  so , yes , he could expect fair and open trial . 
  what about [ chirniy 's confession ] ( https://zona.media/online/2015/30/07/chirnii-afanasiev ) ? 
  is he an fsb agent ? 
  evidences in most criminal cases are words : of witnesses , experts , investigators , prosecutors and so on . 
  it does n't mean automatically that people are not guilty . 
  i doubt that general public should be allowed to see explosives and detonators which were found , it 's a work for experts . 
  from russian : `` we had a fight with this man '' . 
  source is reliable . 
  it 's more than enough . 
  other reasons does n't justify what he did , since it was n't committed in affected state and he is sane . 
  so , if an `` opposition artist '' is catched after committing a crime , every evidence against him is fake ? 
  what 's the difference betweem them and ordinary thugs , their membership in some art union ? 
  maybe local offices of `` russian crimean common '' and of `` united russia '' in simferopol ? 
  please refrain from personal insults , it 's not a proper way of having dialogue . 
  motivation of crimes could be various , it does n't justify the crime in most cases . 
   `` you ca n't say anything at all except that some 3 guys beat another guy '' - pavlensky [ admitted ] ( https://meduza.io/news/2017/01/16/pavlenskiy-rasskazal-o-drake-s-akterom-teatra-doc ) that he did it . 
  nothing to deny - he tells he did it , other people tell that he did it , it 's on tape . 
   i do n't think alexievich beats people and burns things . 
  absolutely , she is a very kind person , as far as i know .
