  i 've been reading reddit for a past few days and in my humble opinion an amount of hysteria is just overwhelming . 
  we do n't need it at all , none of us . 
  what are you trying to say to me , what is the point of our discussion now ? 
  money is not a measure of everything . 
  oh , i have n't seen it . 
   have you thought if this `` strongest nation determines policy '' is actually beneficial for russia in longer term ? 
  we have a very simple choice - to be strong and dangerous or to loss our independence and became a source of cheap manpower , natural resources , land with nothing in exchange . 
  we simply do n't want it to happen . 
   what do you think the standing of the moscow government is in international sense in the year 2016 , against , say against years 1966 , 1916 and 1816 ? 
  in 1816 we were a local player on the world scale , exhausted by french invasion . 
  we had no colonies and pretty much every major colonial empire wanted to grab some part of our riches . 
  in 1916 we were already losing world war i , betrayed by allies and unable to protect our interests . 
  in 1966 we were relatively strong superpower , one of political poles in bipolar world ( sounds like bipolar disorder ) on the edge of mutual destruction . 
  in 2016 we are at last in long-lasting peace . 
  no one dares to attack and kill us , no one likes to rule us . 
   what do you think it 's going to be the development direction in the next 50 or 100 years ? 
  such long-term predictions is basically nonsense - we do n't know how world will look like even in next 20 years . 
  i do n't know . 
  i have an idea and propose you an experiment . 
  there is a [ local forum of crimean sevastopol city ] ( https://forum.sevastopol.info ) . 
  take a look at it using google translate , there are ordinary people discussing their local topics about everyday life . 
  register there and ask them what do they think - trough this will not be a result of internationally accepted referendum , - you will get an information from the very first hands , without any kind of state propaganda or media bias . 
  english is not my native language , as you may have noticed already . 
  by `` real war '' i 've meant real aggressive actions leading to real casualties , with tanks , artillery and so on . 
  and not a political hype called `` cold war '' . 
  how should it be executed , in your opinion ? 
  ukrainian laws , as russian , do not contain the right of secession of territories ( deciding by a part of a nation to became independent ) . 
  there were no legal way to perform such a referendum . 
  and there were an ongoing coup d'etat in kiev with ukrainian nationalists in leading positions . 
  maybe we should 've asked un to invade crimea immediately with its peacekeepers ? 
  but un can not tie their shoelaces without three months of bureaucratic procedures . 
  and then what ? 
  as in yugoslavia ? 
  thank you very much for your response . 
  it was a little provocation , i apologize . 
  as you can see , if question is about territory with mostly finnish population , which were for a long time in the same administrative unit with other finnish territory , you tend to think of it as about your own people and your own country . 
  pretty much the same story about crimea . 
  we were part of one country , they were part of russian republic and majority of population here identified them as russians in 2014 . 
  i do n't really blame you for your past so why to blame us ? 
  you are united and living happily as one nation . 
  despite all the hard moments . 
  why we are evil for just wishing the same ? 
  and our last war with finland ended 72 years ago . 
  maybe it is time to stop worrying about possible conflict and to start living as friends , at last ? 
  i see . 
  so , in the very last war between us in 1941 finland was the aggressor and and ally of germany , you at least admit it . 
  viipuri was a territory of russian empire since 1710 . 
  then in 1918 germans helped finnish separatists to proclaim independency . 
  loyalist finns ( red guards ) and local russians who sympathized central government were slaughtered in 1918 during [ `` vyborg massacre '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vyborg_massacre ) , an act of genocide . 
  from that moment viipori became occupied temporarily by separatists . 
  in 1940 it was returned back . 
  i can admit that viipori is an annexed swedish territory , since 1710 and as a result of northern war . 
  but liberation of a territory , temporarily occupied by separatists is not an `` annexation '' . 
  vyborg massacre was an annexation . 
  in sum , finland occupied viipuri during civil war in 1918 , with acts of genocide and mass executions . 
  in far more peaceful manner russia returned crimea back in 2014 with 3 soldiers killed in total , one our and two ukrainian . 
  but we are the evil monsters and you are a good guys . 
  well-well . 
  why do n't you worry about possible invasion of sweden ? 
  300 years ago finland was their domain . 
  wait a minute , i need to understand it deeper . 
  finland was an ally of germany during world war ii . 
  it participated actively in the blockade of leningrad and other military crimes . 
  and what happened next ? 
  i am really interested in your view on our common history . 
  i am trying to explain to you how it looks from point of view of russian who used to live in the soviet union and spent few vacations in crimea before and after its collapse . 
  this sovereign borders between former soviet republics were artificial , they were created in chaos . 
  and lot of our people suffered because of local nationalists in former republics and we were unable to protect them . 
  we had waves of refugees from former republics , unnoticed by western general public . 
  about viipuri , as i remember , sweden lost a war in 1721 and it became ours . 
  there were no finland as a sovereign state at that time . 
  to be honest , have you ever visited crimea ? 
  i did a lot of times since i was a kid . 
  what could i say ? 
  collapse of soviet union was disastrous and it was torn in parts by centrifugal political forces across the borders of its former republics . 
  nobody really asked locals : `` do you wish to stay with russia ? 
  or , maybe , ukraine ? 
  or you wish to be an independent country ? '', 
  nothing like that , we just waked up in new countries regardless of our real ties and preferences . 
  we voted to save soviet union . 
  most of us were not considering ourselves russians , ukrainians , tatars and so on at that moment , we were one soviet nation . 
  and then ukrainian nationalists gradually started a process of promoting their culture to non-ukrainians . 
  questions about national identity started to emerge in people 's minds . 
  some of them liked it , but majority did ' t liked it at all . 
  and then , after 25 years , annexation happened . 
  there were no partisans in forests trying do defend ukrainian state . 
  you know , like we did during wwii when german tried to eliminate us . 
  some loyal ukrainian officers tried do defend their ships , but most of them just surrendered or fled . 
  so , local crimean people in general supported russia 's actions . 
  personally i think that our politicians made a huge mistake by not organizing a transparent referendum with foreign observers as , for example , people of uk or scotland did recently . 
  but what 's done is done . 
  about the main topic of this post - relax , nobody here wants real full-scale war with finland . 
  with wide use of weapons of mass destruction , millions of deaths and all other atrocities . 
  they also faked letters of `` us congressmen '' on sergey kirienko , for example . 
  as of `` camps for homosexuals '' , on kadyrov st. 99 `` b '' in argun there is a local police station . 
  surely , they have a `` monkey cage '' there , as any police station in russia , but concentrating there 100 people is very , very doubtful . 
  on satellite imagery the building does n't look secured : no barbed wire on fences or towers with machine guns , trees are growing on the territory right near the fence . 
  kindergarten `` fairy tale '' is located across the street from it . 
  no , they are not reputable . 
  a few of their last resonant stories , including `` blue whale groups '' were fake .
