  he appealed to the european court , it cancelled previous sentence without finding a political motivation in his case . 
  russian high court ordered to local court to re-investigate his case which is a normal procedure . 
  his case was re-investigated , local court found him guilty . 
  he was found guilty four years ago . 
  not much changed since . 
  for choosing wrong patron . 
  his former chef , governor nikita belih is in jail now , after being caught on bribe . 
   according to your logic there was a civil war in 1942 because nazi managed to recruit up to a million of vlasovtsy , upa and other . 
  yes , in my opinion this part of world war ii , or the great patriotic war was of civil nature . 
  the only thing that matters in a status of current war is that ukrainians fight with ukrainians , again , in a sense of nationality , not ethnicity . 
  i think you understand that ukraine does not actually fight regular russian army in donbass . 
  maybe some military advisors or specialists are present there , but not regular forces . 
  the war started not between ukraine and russia , it started between nationalists from western ukraine , like unofficial regiments `` azov '' or `` right sector '' brigade and local donetsk armed militias . 
  if we are talking about ethnicity , russians and ukrainians were distributed almost half by half in donetsk area before the civil war . 
  if we are talking about nationality which is not the same thing , most of them are ukrainians . 
  a lot of substances have 100 % death rate . 
  why the same antidepressant was used in non-lethal dose twice is a question for paranoids or conspiracy theorists . 
   how many years doping program was working in russia ? 
  how many sportsman and others were involved ? 
  you 're asking as if i 'm an olympic athlete . 
  who knows ? 
   easier manner - like plutonium ? 
  like a meter-long icicle thrown from a roof right on victim 's head . 
  or a brick if it is summer . 
  no , i am not saying it or propose other paranoidal explanations . 
  i am sane . 
  not overdose , but probably administration of another incompatible drug . 
  antidepressants are known to cause severe effects in such cases . 
  into what single hospital ? 
  there are no unified database of patients in moscow hospitals . 
  however we know that a specific drug [ were found in his blood ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vladimir_vladimirovich_kara-murza#medical_evidence ) by russian and french doctors in previous time , namely it was [ citalopram ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/citalopram ) . 
  from wiki :  overdosage may result in vomiting , sedation , disturbances in heart rhythm , dizziness , sweating , nausea , tremor , and rarely amnesia , confusion , coma , or convulsions . 
  - exactly what was observed in both cases . 
  it 's complicated . 
  ordinary people are not politicians , they want to live normal lives . 
  they are still citizens of ukraine . 
  their proclaimed independency is not supported by the rest of the world . 
  russia can not take their land with force , we do n't need a war with ukraine . 
  they want peace of course . 
  oh , come on . 
  the state do n't give a fuck about him . 
  do you think that all the state hospitals in moscow were alarmed not to reveal the truth or what ? 
  too many people would know if so . 
  if the government would decide to kill somebody , they will do it in a much easier manner . 
  my bet is on drugs . 
  previous time his symptoms were the same and official expertise failed to prove that it was poisoning . 
  it was suspected that they were the result of mixing incompatible drugs , sedatives and antihistamine . 
  of course no . 
  it 's a small leopard !, 
  again , could you provide statistics ? 
  i could . 
  new zealand : [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ethnic_origins_of_new_zealanders ) , [ 2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_new_zealand ) . 
  maori is clearly a small minority and their culture and language are steadily shrinking . 
  czech republic : [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_the_czech_republic#after_world_war_i ) , [ 2 ] ( http://languageknowledge.eu/countries/czech-republic ) - look at a native language of the older age group . 
  it is crystal clear from the data that in 1991 czech republic was populated mostly by czechs . 
  maori have no future in new zealand . 
  you call them `` primitive indigenous population '' which is disgusting . 
  your people are colonialists and occupants , better do n't lecture us how should we live and how bad we are with local populations . 
  could you be so kind to remind me , how many maori is currently living in your country ? 
  barely 15 % ? 
  how many of them speak their language ? 
  less than 4 % ? 
  it 's pathetic when brutal colonialists teach us what 's good . 
  in 1990 your republic produced 16500 $ per capita and consumed 26900 $ per capita . 
  if you need a detailed statistical proofs i could provide them . 
  it was a part of the strategy to make baltic republics loyal . 
  earlier , when crowd sieged public offices in kiev . 
  it is not known who ordered snipers to shoot them on the streets of kiev , the new government still have n't concluded any objective investigation . 
  i like your example with global climate change . 
  as you know , there exists a consensus of experts on its causes . 
  what does it mean ? 
  it means that they are unable to prove their statements with scientific methodology and substitute such proof with beliefs . 
  general public could believe them or not , but they do n't know . 
  compare it with the question about the form of the earth . 
  you know that it is close to sphere or to oblate ellipsoid . 
  it is a provable statement , you could perform a conclusive experiment . 
  the result is a rational knowledge , not a belief or a consensus of experts . 
  science works this way : theory predicts repeatable results of experiments . 
  maybe you would need some money to recreate the experiment , maybe you would need to hire more people , it does n't matter . 
  with climate change you ca n't do it since there is no experiment in the basis of expert 's knowledge . 
  thats why the problem with climate change rise so many skeptical voices . 
  something happens , but what and why exactly is an opened question . 
  some people want you to pay special taxes for it without truly scientific proofs . 
  they want your money , not your questions and self-made experiments . 
  when i was a kid , a lady from the next house kept a pet ocelot . 
  ~ ~ her name was salvador dali ~ ~ she probably worked in circus . 
  despite its size , ocelot was a scary animal . 
  absolutely . 
  in crimea locals feel themselves as somewhat detached and special society . 
  even now they are crimeans in the first place and russian citizens only in the second . 
  in donetsk region situation is completely different : the region was tightly integrated with the rest of ukraine , ethnical ukrainians and russians were distributed almost in equal proportion . 
  at the moment of the coup part of them realized that they want some guarantees and more rights , such as federalization and a certain degree of autonomy . 
  there were no natural obstacles or border between them and supporters of the new government . 
  often a fence around one 's house was such border . 
  the new ukrainian government decided that to kill them was easier than to reach some deal . 
  russian government decided to help them with weapons and military advisors . 
  puff - we have still ongoing civil war where ukrainians kill ukrainians ( in a sense of nationality , not ethnicity ) . 
  the ongoing war is profitable for ukraine since its new government can demand more money from their new friends . 
  eu and us close eyes on their atrocities and the civil nature of the war because they are at cold war with russia themselves . 
  in donetsk people do n't see any good perspective because the other side does n't respond for their demands .
