  i know that school shootings are common in the usa , but still . 
  seems like a cash grab . 
  also did n't s1 create a spike in suicide attempts ? 
  makes ya wonder what s2 will do, 
  i did n't watch the whole episode , but did you see where he was talking about ai in the ` we already use laptops for everything so there 's nothing to worry about ' ? 
  how fucked is that !, 
  he seemed to be completely disregarding legitimate concerns about ai by essentially throwing out the ` hurr durr thomas edison was a witch ' response, 
  also , am lefty too . 
  that episode was just ... fucked . 
  super cringey and condescending, 
  til no religious person has ever read aristotle ... 
  only on tumblr would 766 people think this is true, 
  leave to another country while you still can , man . 
  criticise from the outside so you do n't have to worry about being disappeared, 
  i mean it did read like a fairytale , but i would n't call it a kids book, 
  that was part of the joke m8, 
  i read the title as ` in theatres october 62,017 ' and got annoyed because i thought it was another movie which would n't be released until well after we 're all dead, 
  i always thought it was grammatically correct in burger english to say and multiple times a sentence . 
  only because in school we were told not to write like them, 
  taggers 'd probably reckon that a baby rubbing its shit on the walls is totally art brah, 
  why does everyone suddenly reckon they 're a polyglot because they know how to say ' i have a cat ' in a handful of languages ? 
  not to mention the hundreds and thousands of underemployed people looking for a better job that is n't casual, 
  i 'm not racist but every day someone gets their ass probed by aliens . 
  wake up sheeple, 
  i had a customer at work once who asked me what my sign was . 
  i said it was libra , and asked her why she asked . 
  she said that she likes to know everyones signs to see who she 's compatible with , and that libra is good because ` they get along with everyone . ', 
  have n't seen her since, 
  wait seriously ? 
  why tf would someone do that ? 
  one of my fav artists, 
  obligatory ` wubalubadubdub ', 
  gday . 
  i 'm a complete beginner in french . 
  judge as harshly as you want , and to be honest i do n't expect even a native speaker can decipher my french nonsense :p, 
  wow , i really missed the mark then . 
  it meant to say on the last lines ' i have chosen those countries because i would like to do a roman excavation ( excavation on a roman site would 've worked better , but i have no idea how to say that . ), 
  ` should be fun ' was the last line, 
  thanks for the help mate . 
  edit : also , do you have any advice for contractions in french ? 
  i 'm really not good at figuring out which ones get contracted and which ones do n't, 
  fuck man . 
  why do dangerous people keep getting released on bail ? 
  if they 're already criminals , they have to be rehabilitated and punished . 
  not just chucked back into the general public, 
  nah , i do n't think it 's a dig at young people , i think it 's a dig on australians . 
  if they list 10 years experience for an entry level job , that means that they can technically say they tried to hire australians when they bring foreign workers to do it . 
  it 's a shady business practise , the only reason why the ` you need a job to get experience and you need experience to get a job ' thing happens is because its cheaper to import foreign labour, 
  supposed to have minimum wage , but there 's been a lot of instances of , say , pakistanis at 7/11 and other retail jobs getting paid under . 
  same in construction , at the pipelines up north . 
  it 's shady as , and if it happens in those industries then it could happen in others, 
  yeah , that 's how its taught nowadays . 
  in school we got taught that the christians invaded israel , spain , and all those places because they hated muslims and wanted to kill all of them ( technically true but there 's more reasons ), 
  i did n't know there was a buildup , that the arabs had raped and pillaged their way through the middle east and europe , that they were threatening the byzantines , or that they were killing jews and christians in their areas until i developed an interest in islamic history a couple years ago : /, 
  i want to say that they skipped over all the other parts because we were on a tight schedule , but i do n't know why they would skip right to the crusades without addressing the reasons for it, 
  i 'm not a mate of islam or sharia law and that stuff , but can we stop bringing it up every time someones a cunt to muslims ? 
  ffs , the person was a dickhead , end of story . 
  there does n't have to be a ` but are you aware that ( insert thing about islam here ) ' and trying to justify the crazy that goes out of his way to be a fuckwit, 
  liberals are completely useless . 
  honest question : do you guys reckon they stand a chance in the next election ? 
  there 's a subreddit for it , r/asatru, 
  sitting around a camp fire drinking with friends, 
  i 've been hearing on this thread that lebanon is safe and chilled out , but australias official travel guide says that they would strongly recommend not travelling there due to violence , kidnapping , terrorism , etc. 
  any lebanese people on the thread want to weigh in on this ? 
  what if you 're from a country with gun control ( also no mace no tasers no nothing ), 
  i dunno , i imagine american ladies would feel much more comfortable having guns . 
  if aus brings guns back ( we wo n't ) i 'd probably try and get a concealed carry . 
  especially now with the gang around where i live ( i mean , i would n't want to shoot them , they 're just stupid kids , but it 'd be a good deterrent ), 
  nah they still exist , you just have to sell them correctly and at the right time, 
  dude , you should do an ama, 
  yep , you get a 3 month trial period , where you can be fired for fucking up , not getting along with the other workers , and all the other things you can be fired for, 
  pepe will never die in our hearts, 
  w-what ? 
  i 'm from australia , in primary school during recess and lunch the teacher would bring out a massive thing of sunscreen , and you could n't go outside if you were n't wearing any ( had to wear a hat too . ), 
  why tf would you need a doctors note for it ? 
  kid could get skin cancer : /, 
  worldwide problem . 
  judges tend to go ` but it wasnt the mans fault :( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( he made a mistake :( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( does n't mean we should ruin their lives :( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ' instead of realising it was their fault for being a fuckwit and speeding/drinking and that the driver ruined the lives of the entire family by killing or severely injuring someone, 
   nationalist, 
  why do you reckon you 're more important than people from your own country , then ? 
  my uni fees for attending and doing other stuff to pass ( studying archaeology , so that means going on digs ) will probably come out to 30k . 
  honestly , i do n't even know how rich people work, 
   free speech yay, 
  are you trying to insinuate that freedom of speech is potentially a bad thing ? 
  i do n't see why celebrating freedom of speech deserves to be ranked along with racism and douchebaggery, 
  how about public humiliation then ? 
  throw them in the stocks out front of parliament house, 
  i reckon that as long as speech is n't threatening then it should be allowed . 
  i fucking hate nazis , but at the same time i do n't have the right to silence them . 
  an example of my belief has come up pretty recently in australia . 
  there 's a terrorist group ( who have n't yet been labelled as one ) saying that they advocate the murder of all islamic apostates . 
  that constitutes a threat of credible violence , so that should n't be allowed . 
  at the same time , a crazy lady who works for abc ( australian broadcasting corperation ) says that she wants sharia law in australia . 
  she 's a complete and utter fuckwit , and i despise her , but she has the right to say that because it is n't a direct threat, 
  what 's your opinion on it ? 
  her one is, 
  her : did you fast today, 
  them : yes , i only had orange juice, 
  so ... saudi women need permission to not need permission to travel ? 
  this week on : sports are for plebs,
