  do you know why they say ` bodies ' instead of ` people ' ? 
  it 's really weird, 
  that 's weird . 
  if people do n't assimilate at least partially into the culture of the european country they go to , they 're just living in europe , rather than being european . 
  i think that 's the beef that the europeans have with the migrants too, 
  also when did natgeo go down the shitter ? 
  it used to be good, 
   that 's weird . 
  if people migrate to america and do n't assimilate partially into the culture , they 're just living in america , rather than being american, 
  what 's the issue boss ? 
  i could also say, 
   that 's weird . 
  if people migrate to australia and do n't assimilate partially into the culture , they 're just living in australia , rather than being australian, 
   that 's weird . 
  if people migrate to india and do n't assimilate partially into the culture , they 're just living in india , rather than being indian, 
   that 's weird . 
  if people migrate to china and do n't assimilate partially into the culture , they 're just living in china , rather than being chinese, 
  sorry mate , but i do n't understand what you 're saying here . 
  could you rephrase it for me ? 
  ah right , i think i 've got you ( and yep , true blue aussie ), 
  you do make a good point with that , actually . 
  i 'd have to argue that the prevailing culture can change , especially when rapid demographic shift is involved , like what happened in australia and america . 
  this has also happened in europe and the middle east in the past also , with the christians wiping out the prevailing norse culture and the muslims wiping out the prevailing zoroastrianist culture . 
  it is also possible for the new migrants to change the culture of europe , but that 's what people are worried about because it 's not what they want to happen, 
  i understand that issue . 
  i 'm australian , and most of us ( at least where i live ) have a pretty lax idea of what assimilated means . 
  for example , local doctor is a muslim migrant from pakistan . 
  he prays 5 times a day , does n't eat pork , does ramadan , etc. 
  however , he has assimilated in most peoples eyes because he 's become more egalitarian since he moved here , celebrates australia day , understands the significance of the anzacs , etc, 
  so here when i talk about unassimilated migrants i usually mean the ones who hold sexist/racist views , who do n't care about our history , and who in general do n't care about us because they only came here for the welfare money . 
  on the extreme side we have full on islamists who are completely by the book muslims , so they send their daughters off to marry or to have fgm , their wives are kept in complete servitude , and all that other nasty stuff . 
  and that 's what i 'm talking about with being assimilated , you do n't have to be 100 % stereotypical aussie , but just having those few basic things down ( egalitarianism , knowledge of history , respect of australian people and the country ) before you 're considered an australian, 
  it 's got ta be mental illness and/or drugs . 
  no sane person would do that , she was probably a methhead or something, 
  but, 
  what, 
  was n't, 
  assad, 
  you can only go after assad or isis . 
  the power vacuum in syria will result in an isis takeover , not a ~ miracle democracy ~ like what a lot of people keep saying . 
  also you 'd think that because of isis continually attacking france that macron would rather go after them, 
  expect a chemical attack in the coming weeks . 
  not saying it 'll be a french conspiracy , but it 'd be a good way for the rebels or isis to get to assad . 
  i think the french will be like trump , that they wo n't even wait for a confirmation on who did it, 
  ah love the justice system in this country . 
  you can fatally injure someone , speed off like a coward , only apologise after you get in trouble for it , and only get 4 years if you 're a good boy in jail . 
  i wonder how the conversations inside the elites offices go when they make these new bullshit rules, 
  ` hey , so , you know that system which has been keeping society running since the beginning of time where you punish someone when they commit a crime ? ', 
  ` yeah ', 
  ` well lets change that to setting them loose on the streets after a short amount of time in prison , or we just wo n't charge them with anything at all , because they 're just poor people who had rough childhoods or fell into a bad situation . 
  obviously things which no one has ever overcome in human history , so if they ruin another persons life or kill them , it 's not their fault , it 's societys ', 
  ` fucking brilliant ', 
  does anyone else think that in normal people speak the second sentence says, 
   hi , did you relaxingly steal one of my fingers ? 
  it has gone forbiddenly empty, 
   ages 18-99, 
  words can hardly describe the disaster that is this room, 
  it 's trying to spread to australia , but it wo n't go any further than uni campuses i hope, 
  rip . 
  socialist alternative doing their rounds there too ? 
  this is just awful . 
  80 people . 
  and for what, 
  what do you do ? 
  taliban does n't want any part of it because it was an attack on diplomats , not because of its brutality . 
  they killed ~ 250 people in an attack in afghanistan in april . 
  both as bad as each other, 
  finally , a cause i can get behind, 
  retail : 97 %, 
  kill me, 
  what 's the story ? 
  i hear that tesla + spacex employees are underpaid and overworked and that there 's a high turnover rate because of it , is there anything else happening ? 
  i genuinely think he has a learning disability of some kind , or his age has caught up with him . 
  he probably needs someone to read and explain these things to him , so he does n't misunderstand anything, 
  i thought that he pulled out to give states autonomy . 
  turns out i expected a bit too much from him, 
  [ herald sun version ] ( http://www.heraldsun.com.au/leader/east/templestowe-home-invasion-leaves-family-terrified-and-son-injured/news-story/41d4abed2123cc26afa8425922139fa5 ) said they were described as african . 
  i think it 's our sudanese friends at it again, 
  how do you determine what a real muslim is ? 
  does a real muslim pray 5 times a day ? 
  drink alcohol ? 
  how about we stop this ` no real muslim ' no true scotsman bullshit , so people can work on fixing the problem, 
  no true scotsman would be saying ` they are not real muslims ' , not saying that he 's sick of it, 
  mostly because we 're infidels , they said that even if we stopped the bombings they 'd still try to kill us because we are n't all their particular type of islam, 
  ah right , i did n't notice . 
  thanks, 
  what a legend, 
  fake news , op said last week the ps4 and rocket league was his on a sob story post for karma, 
  you can see the thumbnail on this link , even though it 's been deleted, 
  this is fake news, 
  lmao , sorry man , just trying to grab peoples attention so they did n't scroll past, 
  good ol' 13-15 year old edginess, 
  i 'm up to that bit on survivor . 
  not pleasant , but after a few ( dozen ) more tries i 'll get past it, 
  mate , it 's so good you 've got to finish it . 
  and then play the left behind dlc, 
  disc got warped from too many hours spent playing, 
  he posted all over his facebook that he hated monotheists and he wanted to kill them , that includes killing christians . 
  i think he was a pagan but do n't quote me on that one, 
  probably not .
