i really want to try it . 
  too bad i was n't even alive at the time of its release, 
  again ? 
  ca n't wait til they 're caught, 
  does anyone have the link to the remix ? 
  i think for the most part its one , maybe two gangs and only a few individuals doing all the crimes . 
  like the guys who robbed the store a bunch are the same as the ones who jumped the group of people at the festival and stole their phones + wallets . 
  once they 're caught i 'm hoping we can go back to being a safe area . 
  vice was good for a while but then their reporters ended up with their heads rammed firmly up their asses and it became cringey and hard to watch them interact with normal people, 
  phil is the master of clickbait . 
  besides , those of us subbed to him were going to watch it anyway, 
  that 's rough man . 
  is there any chance of you crashing at your parents or some mates houses while you sort everything out ? 
  it 's creepier knowing that the director was a pedo and had n't been out of jail for long before making it . 
  some people are just assholes for no reason, 
   as someone from a different country ( england ), 
  a friend does this to me and others all the time . 
  we had to make sure we never told him anything because he 'd always bring it up at a bad time, 
  he 's intelligent and well spoken , but that does n't detract from his authoritarian nature , strangehold on russian media , assassinating political opponents , his middle eastern campaign , etc. 
  it 's so packed for a second i thought you posted a picture from a station in beijing, 
  he is n't unbiased though , he states the facts then gives his opinions . 
  i would n't get your knickers in a knot over him calling people ` garbage ' though . 
  especially in instances when the worst thing the person did was murder . 
   i have ideas about 8 books and may have written a brief plot for some of them, 
  ftfy, 
  wait why is there a fb page for a class 4 years away ? 
  my mums a nurse , people go to her about advice for vaccinations , long story short sometimes people do n't listen to her and their kids get sick . 
  sometimes they die . 
  fuck anti-vaxxers, 
  right . 
  never heard of anyone doing that before, 
  the ` when i get rich ' game . 
  just fantasise about all the things you could do if you made 50k + a year or win a bit in the lotto . 
  fun for the whole family, 
  i live in aus , we have some selfish bastards here who hog the system ( like people who call an ambulance whenever they feel lonely , hypochondriacs , the like ) and our system is working mostly fine . 
  even after the liberals drastically cut funding it still works , though i ca n't say for how much longer if they keep going how they 're going . 
  if you ask me , the only thing holding the usa back is min wage not being living wage + congress being held hostage by big pharma and insurance, 
  eli5 : why some american politicians need bodyguards . 
  are they really in that much danger ? 
  depends . 
  if you have 10hp and the allergy to bees flaw , then a bee sting is likely 1hp of damage if stung on the foot , hands , legs , any other extremity , as you 'll likely be out of commission for some time . 
  if you get got on the chest , face , or especially neck you could be looking at other serious damage . 
  otherwise you could take fall damage , a fall from ~ 5 metres where you land badly could give you 1hp of damage due to broken ankles . 
  if you use roll though you should be able to avoid it . 
  snake bite on your ankle/leg ( where you 're most likely to be bit ) would have a 1hp reccuring damage every 5-20 mins without treatment depending on which species bit you . 
  getting stabbed would probably be around 3hp of damage minimum , but up to 10hp if stabbed in the neck , heart , lungs , or certain parts of abdomen ( if it pierces your intestines you could get recurring damage from infection . ), 
  being shot would also be around a 3hp minimum loss , with the exception of grazing being 1hp for shock . 
  body shots would be around a 5hp , and a headshot is instakill unless you roll a 20 . 
  this picture gave me an asthma attack, 
  i 'd recommend less palatalization and rolling of letters like your ` r 's . 
  you up past your bedtime buddy ? 
  i have a cold and my rooms a bit too warm but because i 'm in a dorm i ca n't turn the heating down, 
  why the ndt hate ? 
  he 's a good guy , makes science accessible , etc. 
  he can be pretentious at times but are n't we all ? 
  may your essays always be within the word limit, 
  free pitchforks, 
  ---------- e ---------- e ---------- e ---------- e, 
  you 'd think that a guy like him , constantly in the public eye with millions of people ready to rip him to shreds , would watch what he said, 
  it 's been two days man , lets ride this righteous indignation wave, 
  alternatively `` stuff they do n't want you to know '' for more conspiracies than you can poke a stick at, 
  [ was it your mate who posted about aphid-eating ladybugs earlier ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/comments/657q5i/my_best_friend_ordered_1800_ladybugs_online_to/ ), 
  mate , i work in retail and technically the customers are . 
  no one shops in the store you work at , less money for the store , less hours for me . 
  it 's worth at least trying to be friendly/not stuck up . 
  most people are n't rude, 
  also :, 
   by far the most toxic thought that has ever existed among society, 
  ya sure about that mate ? 
  mr meseek would have a psychological breakdown trying to teach me how to drive, 
  this is n't cool , it was an explicit targeting of lepenn followers . 
  while she 's a bit of a fuckwit , we should n't be letting peoples freedom of speech be silenced, 
  maybe not anthrax, 
  if the tpp goes through like the libs want they 'll win ... and win ... and win ... until the govt . 
  has to say smoking is healthy . 
  if the tpp is passed aus will be a shitshow . 
  fucking liberals , all they want is to line their own fucking pocket . 
  edit : by liberals i mean the australian liberal party , a centre-right party , not american liberals . 
  wog in australia means greeks and italians . 
  depending on who you ask maybe lebanese . 
  ca n't speak for the rest of the world though, 
  how fluent in italian do you think you are after reaching lvl 25 ? 
  :( sorry to hear that mate , i hope she turns up soon . 
  thanks m8 . 
  for some reason these are always blocked in aus, 
  why would france not survive a franxit ? 
  curious to your opinion , not being butthurt ( hard to convey tone over internet ), 
  i have a coworker who sneaks up on me while i 'm serving customers and pats me on the butt . 
  it 's a bit odd \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  imagine coming from a wartorn country , leaving everyone you knew and cared about behind so your kids could have a better life , and then having those kids turn into raging thugs . 
  i feel bad for the parents , but those kids have to have the book thrown at them, 
  ` is can it be something as too much refugee ' brb sides in orbit, 
  we 're supposed to ask to go to the bathroom at work but i do n't . 
  it 'd just be weird . 
  i 'm only a lowly cashier so my disappearance for two minutes usually goes unnoticed, 
   there is an investigation underway ... it 's a question of days and we will provide proof that the regime carried out these strikes, 
  in normal people speak :, 
   we 're making baseless accusations for an unfinished investigation , and we 're convinced that we 'll find something, 
  what if they do n't ? 
  how can we trust them if their reputation is on the line to provide proof ?
