  obviously my mum did n't listen to her , but still, 
  australia - either corruption or how expensive everything is, 
  subreddit makes fun of fat people ? 
  banned, 
  subreddit makes fun of black people ? 
  totally ok, 
  totally ok, 
  fucking goody two-shoe dickheads will lap up the bastards sob story . 
  every god damn time some dumb fucking lowlife kills or injures someone it 's the same fucking defence, 
  ` he feews bad for what he did ... he had a rough childhood ... he 's turning his life around ', 
  implying that cushy 6 figure judges give a shit what the normal people of this country think, 
  if they did , we would n't have so many dangerous criminals out on bail, 
  i think he 's making fun of religious people who think like that, 
  i do n't know what 's more annoying : this , or the big tvs at parliment station which plays ads while you 're waiting for the train, 
  sure . 
  wo n't tell you how i 'd escape , they could use it against me, 
  not even , catholic schools in australia thwack kids with rulers and verbally abuse them for writing with their left hand . 
  something to do with leftys being demons, 
  good , no major issues . 
  you tend to pronounce v 's as w 's though, 
  if i had to guess somewhere in central europe . 
  maybe slovenia or the czech republic ? 
  i 'm late to the party but pls i need to know, 
  it was a creepypasta i read a long while ago , about whistlers in the forest . 
  not human whistlers , but a whistling sound . 
  and the group went to a town to escape from the whistlers but they were in the town too , and they had to run back into the forest, 
  because she was trying to get him to stop . 
  besides , people do weird shit when crazy people try and hit them with a car, 
  cotton candy all the way, 
  is my tin foil hat on or does it sound like liberal knows labor will win the next election so they 're purposefully and totally fucking up to lead to an economic crash which they can blame on labor ? 
  this is on top of the obvious reason that they 're all greedy assholes and would do anything for money . 
  be easy for them to all abandon us once we become 3rd world so they can live a cosy life over in the usa or europe, 
  so even if you 're right we 're supposed to be alright with a culture which perceives honor crimes as lesser than any other crimes ? 
  how the fuck does that make it any better ? 
  getting acid chucked on your face is terrible regardless of whether it 's assault or an honor crime, 
  we all got anxious we were posting too much, 
  rip ops flower garden a month from now, 
  no jobs , i 'm stuck in a crap casual retail job with no chance of finding a better job unless i fancy an hour and a half each way , and even then the chance is pretty slim, 
  wait so ... how is seeing a rando with a falcon propaganda ? 
  i think that you 've gone too far down the rabbit hole , not everything you see online showing muslims is some soros backed conspiracy, 
  damn . 
  how close do you think you were to becoming a terrorist ? 
  it 's concerning that germany would rather work with a country that has slaves , torture , no free speech , etc , under guise of it being more ` humanitarian ' than the usa . 
  something bad 's going on behind the scenes , and i hope it is n't germany wanting to emulate china 's regime, 
  he 's not wrong , it has killed people in the gang wars which started between various drug dealers , and instead of drugs being grown/made in the usa they were outsourced and primarily grown/made by central american and south american cartels, 
  at least the usa wo n't be invading us . 
  china , on the other hand ... 
  nah , cutting minimum wage would n't lead to a significant decrease in unemployment or lower living costs . 
  if big business only needs 500 employees in a store , why would it hire any more people ? 
  500 gets the job done just fine . 
  costs of living would n't lower because rich foreigners could just come in and sweep up the houses to rent out at the same cost , more people would just have to live in them . 
  think having to have 10 people living in a 4 bedroom house to pay rent instead of 4 people living in the same house, 
  t. taxi driver, 
  link is 403 forbidden, 
  has n't germany recently aligned themselves with china ? 
  he 's got a really good series about beliefs on youtube called [ maps of meaning ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8xc2_ftphi&amp;t=1524s ) i 'd recommend checking out, 
   people do n't realise this is a joke, 
  usa is usually called a ` first world third world ' country by first worlders outside the usa, 
  any specific examples stick out in your mind ? 
  aside from resident crazy lady yassmin abdel-magied, 
  if by lately you mean the last ~ 2 decades , sure . 
  anti-usa jokes have been going on loong before trump, 
  better being the usas bitch than chinas i guess, 
  it was ages ago i read about this so i might get something wrong , but was n't it at this time there was also a guy going around talking about going back to ` real ' islam ( saudi brand ) and after the mongols invaded he and others reckoned it was a sign from allah that he was right, 
  the ottomans decriminalised ` sodomy ' in the mid 1800s because some of the soldiers had ~ ~ 7-12 year old ~ ~ younger boys they 'd steal from their villages and use as sex-slaves , it 's pretty similar to the current situation with modern day iraqi and afghani soldiers, 
  edit : modern day iraqis took 7-12 year olds , not necessarily the ottomans, 
  edit # 2 : soldiers were usually the ones nicking kids . 
  for the wealthy soldiers and other warriors ones it was different , rich families would send their kids to be taught about war and fighting and the pederastrial relationship would start later, 
  murder is a pretty common occurance on cruise ships , but it always gets covered up . 
  disney cruises are the worst . 
  there was an american disney cruise ship where a girl staff member was likely killed and thrown overboard , but the disney was just like ` fuck you not our problem ' to the family, 
  do n't go on cruises, 
  during the mid 1800s pederasty was a pretty common practise in ottoman courts , so they said ` hey lets decriminalise it for real so that even when those overly sharia-loving quran thumpers complain about it we can say it 's legal ', 
  the greeks also did the same thing , although it was a bit different because the ottomans did it mostly because everyone was already doing it and it was a part of their culture , and the greeks were the same but with the add-on that they really hated women and in their eyes the less interaction with them the better, 
  looks like it could be quickly overtaken by normies , invest carefully, 
  maybe ` shockingly common ' would 've fit better, 
  phillyd , pls cover this tomorrow . 
  this is an incredibly important story , and all your australian viewers would like to see this get more attention, 
  yep . 
  i have pretty quick reflexes , and back when i was a kid ( probably 6 or 7 ) i was at one of those machines in a play area of a restaurant . 
  i kept getting past minor and losing out on the last couple of spaces . 
  there was a crowd of kids who were watching me , because one of them said ` if she wins it , we share the ds ! ', 
  and because i was a kid i thought ` yeah that 's a great idea ' . 
  by the end every kid in that play area had stopped what they were doing to see if this one kid would win the major prize . 
  the fire pole unused , the tin can telephones silent , the slide vacated ( mostly because of the skid marks . ), 
  people were giving me the dollar coins that they 'd found on the street earlier in the day . 
  i had one last dollar which a kid gave me . 
  i got to the last space . 
  brow sweating . 
  everyone holding their breath . 
  i push the button right on time and ... it gets pushed a space over . 
  2 dozen kids begin screaming the kind of cry which you can only achieve after finding out that life is rigged against you . 
  never played it again, 
  ^ drama ^ added ^ for ^ effect, 
  edit : do you hate stacker ? 
  come post your hate on / r/stackersupportclub, 
  my condolences . 
  no human should go through that, 
  also a week ago , it makes the rounds a lot, 
  is n't kkk endorsement the worst thing that could happen to civil war monuments ?
