  terrorists are n't known for their intellectual prowess, 
  also in other words , build your doomsday bunkers because this will push us over to the 2 degree increase in global temperatures, 
  we 'll have a fun time drowning and burning at the same time, 
  i do n't know if non-aussies will get the importance of this , but the adani mine is expected to kill the great barrier reef , as well as push global temperatures past the 2 degree increase tipping point , which could lead to a runaway effect . 
  even if you do n't believe in climate change , this is a saudi mine company placed in australia , whos profits will go straight back to saudi arabia . 
  our government gave them 1 billion dollars to start up , knowing that the profits would go to the country responsible for the spread of terrorism . 
  most of us expect that there 's bribery going on as well between both the liberal party who 's currently running the country , as well as the queensland labor party, 
  this is why i 'm scared of elevators . 
  just take the stairs , it 's safer, 
  jesus christ is that really how much uni in america costs ? 
  i go to a pretty good uni in aus and it costs 7k a year, 
  you can tell he 's watched too much murdoch murdoch, 
  more like :, 
  i was watching an interview from a guy from the traditionalist workers party , and he said that he supports hamas and hezbollah because they 're nationalists fighting the jews . 
  so i think that it 's the more far right you go , the more they support islamic extremists because they want to wipe out jews as well, 
  i 've been delving pretty deep into the alt-right/neo nazi jew hating rhetoric for a while so i can finally understand why they think that way . 
  actually i 'm probably on a watchlist now for watching too many of their videos on youtube, 
  anyway , they reckon that the jews have been controlling the world for a while , back in pre-ww2 era hitler and goebbels found that there was a disproportionate amount of jews in the banking sector , they owned a lot of the media ( newspapers ) , and that a lot of jews were marxists and commies . 
  because of this hitler began thinking there was a jewish conspiracy to control the world ( banking = control finances , media = control public opinion , marxism = control politics and therefore the population . ), 
  this is pretty much what the new ones think as well , as well as a phenomenon they refer to as ` white genocide ' which they think is the systematic replacement of whites . 
  weird stuff, 
  if you want to fully try and understand i 'd recommend reading mein kampf and watching murdoch murdoch . 
  you might be put on a watchlist though, 
  gets me every time, 
  if dup teams up with her as some people have been saying they will , will she get majority ? 
   saudi arabia team failed to line up for minute 's silence before world cup qualifier in adelaide on grounds it was ` not in keeping ' with their culture, 
  most israeli jews want the violence to end , they want palestinian independence ( which is why 6 times they 've given them a treaty which would give them the palestinian land . ), 
  it 's the palestinians who are n't accepting the deal because they want all the land of israel , so rather than a peaceful conclusion , we 're seeing this shitshow we have on at the moment, 
  the world is built by compromise . 
  otherwise we all would have killed each other off a long time ago . 
  the land belongs to both the arabs and the jews , so they should split it in a 2 country system ( like what israel wants to do ) , instead of fighting for control of the whole thing ( what the palestinians and the full on right-wing zionists want to do ), 
  i do n't know much about ` murica , but would n't that get you arrested ? 
  ` you 're not letting me fondle your balls ? 
  you have something to hide ! ', 
  while the cop proceeds to throw you on the ground and shove his finger up your ass to check you for drugs, 
  we have free public toilets and free health care, 
  does this make us the best country yet ? 
  animals can sense evil, 
  i heard that it takes a bit over 10 years . 
  do n't remember where though , so it could be wrong, 
  country enters famine  west intervenes with food and medicine  more babies born  babies eat more food and use more medicine  country ca n't handle it  country enters famine, 
  you 're a really shit troll , you know that right ? 
  and the government takes their food and sells it off to other countries because the countries population ca n't afford to buy it themselves, 
  this is a good article on the 1980 's famine in ethiopia, 
  absolutely fucking awesome mate . 
  where did you find it ? 
  username ? 
  what did you expect ? 
  you guys should seriously go check out more on the serial killer fandom . 
  some of them write self-insert smut with eric and/or dylan . 
  weird people , i tell ya, 
  damn , why are all the / pol/ack white supremacists so fat and ugly like that chick with the sign, 
  new zealand : bros, 
  papua new guinea : they 're alright but some tribes have fucked up rituals, 
  indonesia : no, 
  do you have any sources to back up your claim ? 
  not infowar-tier conspiracy theory sources either, 
  wtf lmao . 
  so wanting legit sources means i 'm ` snarling ' and wanting to get people to kneel for me ? 
  you 're overreacting mate . 
  edit : i did n't even say i did n't believe you , literally just that i wanted non-conspiracy website sources, 
  i 'd go to the usa but i do n't want uncle sam to probe me, 
  great movie though, 
  they should wait until the weekend like the rest of us respectable people, 
  i 'm so confused, 
  well we 'll be invaded and genocided by china in the next 15 years so it does n't really matter what we do, 
  it 'll be us , new zealand , mongolia , and a few other small countries which 'll get killed off, 
  they have nukes , and even if they did n't it 'd be too many casualties for the usa or the eu or any of our other '' '' '' '' '' allies '' '' '' '' '' to get involved ... even though we 'd fight and die for them . 
  cunts, 
  he 's taken down a lot of videos , no idea why though, 
  eh , i 'm already probably on a couple of watchlists , what 's another one added to the pile, 
  i do n't know man , what crazy journalists are saying is hardly representative of what the majority of westerners think . 
  i 'm from a western country and have n't seen any anti-turkey reports , just anti-erdogan, 
  israel offered a treaty which would give palestine all the current land in their territory like 6 times but palestine has refused each time because they want the entire territory rather than a two state solution, 
  i mean , the internal workings of israel is pretty shit , any country which gives preference to one religion over the other is n't a good country , but it is n't wise to act like israel is the only one in the wrong here . 
  palestine does a lot of fucked up shit too, 
  turkey stronk, 
   capitalism evolved in the uk and the english speaking world, 
  could n't even get the history right, 
  that 's not how acid works . 
  alcohol , on the other hand, 
  if you mention being downvoted you tend to get downvoted . 
  nothing about being insulting, 
  nah , most of what you call ` ghost christians ' are still christians , they just do n't go to church or do anything else like that . 
  they 're a secular bunch , and secularism is n't being nonreligious, 
  i have a friend who listed herself as a muslim on the census to ` show solidarity with muslims ' after seeing ( and sharing ) a post on facebook which told people to do it . 
  i wonder how much of the percentage increase is due to people who did that, 
  e u p h o r i c, 
  but really why do so many people care what other people believe if it does n't effect them at all, 
  we have n't spoken in well over half a year ( many reasons ), 
  she 's also one of the non-muslims who wants to bring sharia law into the country because ... well i do n't know why , something about diversity , tolerance , and everyone else being a racist but her . 
  which is funny , because she really , really hates east asians and indians , and every time we and our friend group went to melbourne she 'd start up about there being ` too many fucking asians ' and then i 'd be awkwardly stuck as a second-hand racist by association, 
  is the average religious person doing that , or is it just the douchebag government using religion as a way to do what they want ? 
  if you 're talking about same-sex marriage , a lot of religious people support it . 
  most people here do . 
  it 's just our shit politicians who wo n't pass it because ` muh traditional marriage values !! 1 ! ' ... 
  even though they 've been divorced 3 times, 
  nope , you 'll see her on twitter in the next 24 hours saying that it 's all lies , slander , and harassment, 
  this was incredibly annoying as a kid . 
  by the time i was ~ 4 i could read chapter books , and the prep teacher called my mum in after finding me reading one , literally called a meeting , and told her that i was n't allowed to read them anymore and that as teacher she knew what was best etc etc.
