  idk who shaun king is , but judging by his tweet he 's a bit obnoxious, 
  hey op , did ya report him to the authorities yet ? 
  its probably all bluff but he could go, 
  if its not, 
  just use tape like the rest of us plebeians . 
  there are occasionally issues with the museum plaques , but it 's usually because they were n't updated and used old info . 
  for your friend , she could 've been looking at updated information and assumed that it was incorrect because she did n't know about new findings . 
  jesus , what motivates people to act like that ? 
  what traumatic experience did you have to put milk and sugar into yours ? 
  ` murica, 
  sinklars visa and into the storm by tyr . 
  viking metal \\ m /, 
  first song is in faroese ( i think . ), 
  still cool though, 
  idk if this is humblebrag material . 
  bit smug though , but that could just be my interpretation because i 'm a bit annoyed/jealous at the person for only having to save 3 months to go on holidays . 
  how dare, 
  context ? 
  not surprising given the fucked nature of this country : /, 
  this whole good debt vs bad debt thing just comes off as ` we fucked the budget and launched this country into even more debt and we have to cover for it . ', 
  i was writing a big explanation for it , but the tl ; dr version is that it was viewed like the swastika for a long time but now someone can claim that ` it was n't real communism ' as many people died at the hands of the government and their mismanagement , or they can just deny it happened ( like the ones who deny the famine of 1921 or holodomor . ), 
  also because communists claim that they want equality whereas nazis obviously ca n't . 
  i 'm sure you can find a lad who 'll banish her back to her realm if you ask around, 
  you say this without giving a source ? 
  my friend , we need a source, 
  neither , it 's why i asked, 
  how much did it cost ? 
  not a christian , so i 've got no idea what any of that is . 
  too lazy to google , what does it mean in plain english, 
  can we stop reposting fridgebro every week ? 
  yeah a pant-shitting neet is the absolute pinnacle of humanity, 
  you alright mate ? 
  not only is red pretentious , they 're full of shit . 
  if someone is starving , has n't eaten in days and is near death , their body could react to food as if it was a poison . 
  if they 're that close to death they need hospitalisation and a nutrient drip , actual food could kill them, 
  i imagine everyone who wants the bubble to burst is a middle class twenty-something who does n't currently even have a plan to own a house , and does n't think a recession will effect them . 
  last recession in 2008 my mum almost lost her job , which would 've left our family homeless . 
  i 'd much rather live with my mum for the rest of my life than be homeless, 
  bundoora syndrome : multiple personality disorder consisting of a hipster philosophy student and a shouty bogan, 
  currently limiting myself to one at a time until i become conversationally fluent ( ish . ), 
  currently french , but probably turkish or norwegian next :p, 
  why is it # 2021 if she 's starting in 2018 ( assuming she is ) ? 
  that 's odd . 
  why put the ( probable ) graduation year on it instead of the date that the person starts ? 
  they 're not hoping that people will come to their side , they 're hoping to make people too scared to say their opinions . 
  they 're sending the message that ` if you do n't conform to us we will kill/maim you . ', 
  the rest of us sane ones are those things , we 're just being drowned out by crazies . 
  i do n't understand how they became so prominent tbqh, 
  yeah thought so . 
  is it an american thing ? 
   expecting people to be civilised in northcote, 
  `` i can solve a conflict which has been going on since ~ 700 ad '', 
  what a pretentious jackass . 
  i 'm not a fan of people who insist on one superior kind of english . 
  you 'll find it here in aus , too . 
  broad australian has fallen out of favour with the media , and people who speak it are deemed ` uneducated . ', 
  seems to be the same problem the usa has with aave, 
   stupid dietary requirement, 
  yeah , stupid dietary requirement . 
  all it does is give them cancer and kill them , nbd, 
  yeah , she showed them . 
  god forbid people save up for years trying to buy themselves a better future . 
  the invisible mans rope broke and he fell to his death ... rip, 
  this is a good time to say the liberals have been gutting the australian healthcare system for the last few years . 
  do n't trust turbull , he 's a flip-floppy cunt, 
  super cute . 
  although i 've got a fear of big dogs so i 'd freak if it was me :(, 
  irony does n't lead to racism . 
  what happened was people from stormfront and other neo-nazi/alt-right sites came onto / pol / and started spewing their propaganda , and eventually people started believing it over the course of a couple years . 
  sometimes it spreads to other boards , but it mostly stays in its containment zone, 
  back to / pol / with you, 
  buy a 1 bedroom apartment in sydney, 
  are n't most tumblr users like this ? 
  a lot of them seem to have a smug verysmart attitude, 
  man , the rabbit was so cute, 
  my history/law teacher from high school was called in to do jury duty , and after they found out that he taught law they kicked him out . 
  he told all of us in class the week after that if you want to get out of jury duty , act educated , and if you do want to do it , act like an idiot, 
  land of the free ~ ~ ~, 
  fuck man , you gave me a heart attack, 
  anyone know any good bookstores in melbourne ? 
  with art or art history stuff ? 
  i did n't like it tbqh , which sucked cos i was really looking forward to it . 
  he said it was made for the people who grew up with ` bill nye the science guy ' but it seemed to be made for kids , but with more uncomfortable sex-song stuff . 
  i dunno , i found myself cringing a lot . 
  also at times i was completely livid because of bad science on his part , like the time he was talking about ai and saying that because we use phones we have no reason to worry about ai , even though they 'd absolutely borg us, 
  it pissed me off as well cos it came off as ` everyone who is n't straight wants to fuck everyone . ', 
  am i alone in that interpretation or . . ? 
  i think you 're right . 
  a chance to meet someone he loved as a kid and work with him ? 
  of course he 'd take it . 
  it was probably only later he realised how weird it would get, 
  i 'm a lefty environmentalist who was antagonised by it . 
  am i alt-right now ? 
  still ca n't believe that the fry guy got caught on blasphemy charges, 
  straya tax . 
  i would say ps4 masterrace , but man , games here are just expensive across the board . 
  it 's pretty fucked , like i 'm saving for the last of us part 2 because i 'll want the ultimate edition , which 'll probably be $ 150aud , but the yanks 'll pick it up for $ 100aud ~, 
  its price gouging , plain and simple . 
  there 's no reason for games to be 20 + % more expensive in australia ( that 's 20 % without conversion rates ), 
  shoulda stayed a standalone imo .
