  the usa is on the ` removing mexicans ' diet , she 's just building the wall cos she 's hangry, 
  australian, 
  source : am australian, 
  `` man i 've really got to stop procrastinating and finish this essay ... hey why not open up reddit and see what 's happening '', 
  `` who ? '', 
  all of them . 
  why should we apologise for our opinions ? 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  americans are fatter , and they do n't want to lost weight cos it 's hard . 
  also they tend to have far-leaning ideologies and are almost in a game of one-upmanship on how far ( left , in this case ) they can be, 
  shit man , i live in woop woop victoria in a shitty town chock full of drug dealers and methheads , and you 're looking at 400k for a good house . 
  they 're selling a block of land on the estate for 150k , but the estate is where the majority of the criminals are . 
  also someone died there . 
  you have a bit of a spanish vowel bounce . 
  maybe from brazil or argentina ? 
  doing good . 
  try pronouncing your consonants harder . 
  also your ` t 's sound like 'd 's but that 's more of an observation , not a criticism . 
  as an australian it 's something i do too . 
  neither . 
  think smaller ... way smaller . 
  there 's some towns near me with ~ 90 people . 
  i 'm in one of the bigger towns with about ~ 1500 people . 
  there 's more people at my university than in all my surrounding towns and their surrounding towns * 2, 
  further north, 
  not even close . 
  you 're about 300kms away, 
  alternatively : what camera do you use ? 
  an expensive dslr . 
  i only use autofocus though ^ ^ teehee, 
  see what winning numbers the lotto has , go back in time and pick those numbers, 
  i 'm not verysmart enough to understand this . 
  is she a first year linguistics student ? 
  sort by controversial for salt, 
  yeah , because all isis does is hang out in the desert . 
  not like they ever conduct attacks anywhere which inspired the fear in the first place . 
  not at all . 
  shit man , i do n't like le pen , but this is one of the more stupid things i 've seen posted on the internet by someone who i 'd assume is quite rational ( i.e. 
  not a 4chan troll or raging sjw . ), 
  if i were you , i 'd pay closer attention to current events and trends before making statements such as this  < smiley to indicate no passive-aggressiveness, 
  they 'll have a population boom for a while , but it should even out once people do n't have to have as many kids cos they do n't keep dying . 
  as of the last decade , there 's been overhauls in the majority of underdeveloped african countries which are pushing for better education . 
  additionally , women are being encouraged to work by western aid workers , which would drastically increase the productivity of subsistence-farmers . 
  if we can reevaluate how we do international aid ( i.e. 
  showing them new farming techniques instead of just giving them food ) they wo n't rely on other countries as much for aid . 
  also kenya 's a pretty decent country , i think ghana is too . 
  ca n't speak for malawi though , i do n't know too much about it . 
  i do n't think there 'll be a significant population growth in those countries from malaria vaccinations , though . 
  i 'd also like to add that the more educated a country is , and the higher the intelligence levels of the country is , the less likely it is that they 'll fall into dictatorial traps , and its dictators which have caused the vast majority of the problems in africa . 
  even now , with the current somalian famine being blamed exclusively on weather by most organisations , that is n't true . 
  the true cause is the political instability caused by a power vacuum when their dictator fell , along with shitty weather . 
  the dictator falling ( and the proccess of him being felled ) led to insane amounts of violence , and there 's currently an active genocide in somalia , with militant islamists being the genociders . 
  what i hope for in africa is that its westernisation in undeveloped locations can lead to a better future for them via education, 
  australian here . 
  not only is this wrong , but it 's incredibly stupid . 
  shockingly , people can change what kind of language they use depending on who they 're around . 
  i 'm not going to speak the same way to my university professors as i do to my ( working class ) friends . 
  it 's just another article written by some middle class prick who hates racism and bigotry , along with the working class . 
   instead he should be creating initiatives that train our fellow australians to communicate better . 
  what a fuckwit . 
  the un is a shell of what it once was . 
  it 's weak and irresponsible , and in dire need of reform, 
  religion, 
  police/airport security, 
  pineapple on pizza, 
  agreed , but that is n't what he meant by that sentence . 
  the whole article read like a `` hurr-durr working class is stupid '' , not as a `` we actually need to help them . '', 
  i come from a working class areas and can attest to lower-levels of language ability . 
  the high school i attended was literally falling apart and collapsing periodically , and we did n't even have enough funding to take the asbestos out of the roofs . 
  naturally , that does n't lead to a particularly brilliant environment . 
  the author of the article makes it sound like the working class have lower language abilities because of laziness and not environmental factors . 
  this whole recent backlash against the working class some of the western countries ( usa , britain , etc ) has made me pretty sensitive to articles like this , so if i 've gone overboard with the amount of offence i 've taken to this , there is a reason . 
  this is pretty sad . 
  does this person have a job ? 
  tertiary education ? 
  what do they do ? 
   nk nukes or missiles somewhere, 
   gets defeated by usa , china , and sk pretty quickly, 
   usa pats itself on the back and leaves, 
   sk and china want the territory, 
   sk/china war, 
  my bets are placed boys, 
  mmm fun times . 
  have your doomsday bunker ready and your tinned goods at hand, 
  still alive ? 
  my shoes have massive holes in them . 
  d'ya reckon i could sell them to some rich kid for $ 300 to say they 're pre-holed ? 
  ^ i ^ really ^ hope ^ i ^ need ^ new ^ shoes, 
  i do n't , but i 'm an outsider looking in on it . 
  between his disastrous middle-east campaign , his dapl response ( my hands are tied , guys ) , his attempt at fast-tracking the tpp through congress before he left ( he would have known that it would remove workers rights ) , as well as his constant prodding of international leaders and countries ( such as how he dealt with israel ) has made me greatly dislike him . 
  i reckon he was a greedy , selfish man masquerading as a man of the people . 
  if he was n't as charismatic as he was he would n't be as well liked as he was, 
  edit : instead of downvoting , why not share your opinion ? 
  it would make it much easier to have a proper conversation . 
  i 'm not an asshole , so i wo n't have a go at you for it , and i 'm pretty curious as to what everyone else thinks, 
  this is great, 
  on one hand , fellowkids, 
  on the other hand , someone getting offended over out of touch fellowkids, 
  ( also , what does s.o.p stand for ? ), 
  god is dead and we killed him,
