  apparently you 've never been to australia, 
  why tf do people brag about the words they know ? 
  that makes no sense, 
  how many hundreds of screenshot programs must this have been put through to look that pixely, 
  condescending and wrong , the best ( worst ? ), 
  type of verysmarts, 
  i 'd call myself a moderate cos i have beliefs that are left and right ( mostly left , ) and i fight pretty strongly for both of them . 
  what 's the issue with that ? 
  i want change , i just do n't swallow the whole package for either side because i do n't reckon either side holds all the answers, 
  repost from last month, 
  rich people can get away with anything : /, 
  wan na go for a swim ? 
  all over facebook at the moment . 
  that probably means the meme cycle ended though, 
   pro-erdogan terrorists attacks peaceful protesters in d.c, 
  ftfy, 
  these people fit the definition of terrorists . 
  also shocked at how the cops did nothing . 
  do n't american cops usually have itchy trigger fingers ? 
  if trump wants to maga then surely one of the first things he 'd do is not allow foreign officials to set their bodyguards on american citizens ? 
  he still wants to continue building a relationship with turkey , even though erdogan is a crazy wannabee dictator . 
  pretty fucked, 
  have people said that ? 
  lmao, 
  retail . 
  if something does n't scan after a few tries and punching in the numbers , i 'll probably give it to you for free if you do n't say ` so i guess that means its free ^ teehee ', 
  0/10 b8 m8, 
  commit crime , get caught , get released , commit crime , get caught , get released , commit crime , get caught , get released ... 
  crowded prisons and spineless judges . 
  do n't think it 's just these kids who get off the hook , its everyone who can conjure up a sob story . 
  maybe if we freed the minor drug offenders and slapped some sense into our judges , we 'd be right, 
  our government sold us out to the saudis and chinese . 
  do n't be like us . 
  do n't be like australia . 
  send help, 
  it 's weird is n't it ? 
  some conspiracy theorists believe that its people shilling/astroturfing bush positivity so that the public forgets he 's a war criminal , cos if he 's ever tried it opens up the floodgates which would lead to multiple presidents being tried, 
  i do n't believe it though , i just reckon people have a short memory . 
  and while he was a fucking idiot , given the current political shitshow in the usa i think people just want him back cos he was n't as crazy, 
  shocker , but people can change dialects depending on the situation, 
  convert our landfill to electricity . 
  you 're dreaming if you reckon that our government would consider anything aside from coal , oil , and gas though, 
  please explain, 
  yep . 
  local readings has $ 10 tickets . 
  i go maybe once every few months when something good 's come out, 
  but kids at cinemas are little shits and it would be better if we could have designated ` no children under 10 ' cinema times, 
  water is wet , liberal is a corrupt international puppet government ... 
  i heard about that . 
  its so fucked up that hundreds of economic migrants are pouring in across the usa border , and the government thinks they 're tops for helping them , but they do n't do anything for the natives and actively ignore them, 
  i 'd think that an uncharted movie franchise is unfuckupable , but we 'll just have to wait and see whether they butcher it or not, 
  honestly ? 
  free speech . 
  i do n't think we 'll be able to effectively criticise our governments or anything else we see as unjust within the next decade if we do n't cause a fuss about it now, 
  nah , really depends on the person and the kind of religion . 
  if someone 's religion makes them an annoying cunt , chances are they would have been regardless and would 've found something else to be a dick about, 
  my family 's on the do not call register , we get called at least once every three days by a telemarketer , if not 5 times a day, 
  it ' a a pretty useless system to be honest, 
  his k/d is n't high enough, 
  he just needs to pull himself up by the bootstraps and stop eating avo toast and drinking lattes / s, 
  tried to watch , could n't finish . 
  what a loony, 
  wtf was n't there an accident with the 58 only a couple days ago ? 
  who cares if the terrorists make people scared ? 
  of course they do . 
  maybe that 's their goal , but it does n't stop anyone from doing their day to day business . 
  better that no one gets killed, 
  he 's white though, 
  am at uni , can confirm, 
  i try to avoid them though, 
  you could also say that asatru is pretty egalitarian , aside from the far-right tribes/prison gangs, 
  i dunno , i think that its just a few incredibly outspoken people who are doing the vast majority of the rude/sexist comments . 
  could be wrong though . 
  what do you guys reckon ? 
  it was overboard for her to get a medal for the parents reading to her , but a lot of kids like reading so i would n't freak out about it being a competition, 
  nah cos if they blow themselves up in the name of islam they get all their sins revoked and go to heaven . 
  by killing them via death penalty , they do n't get their sins revoked , so they go to hell, 
  do it, 
  nah this is shit . 
  just cos they 're alive does n't mean they 're healthy . 
  most of the 70 year olds i know have pretty bad health issues . 
  i do n't expect this to change . 
  also the people who die younger are the poorer . 
  they 're the ones who 'll die never having retired, 
  i think it 's thousands currently fighting or going to go fight , and millions with sympathies for the extremists, 
  it 's like / lit / and / pol / had a baby ... 
  holy shit, 
   i 'm so fat that i take up more than my seat , but it 's everyone else 's fault for wanting to have the whole seat they paid for, 
  i 've ... literally never worn makeup . 
  no one gives a shit . 
  although i might have to start doing something about my massive dark circles soon, 
  nah , he 's increased his risk of skin cancer though . 
  you can usually get badly burnt a few times without severely increasing your risk, 
  nah i think it 's the people who read the newspapers and watch the shows that are shilling for them and do n't get exposed to any other ideas, 
  i got pulsating headaches if i did n't get muh coffee . 
  also lost sight in one of my eyes , but i do n't know whether that was related to coffee or if i should go to an optometrist, 
  edit : lost meaning that if i did n't drink coffee or have caffeine i 'd lose sight in one of my eyes ( everything would go white ) , upon kicking caffeine habit it has n't happened, 
  is your friend a midget who needs it to reach the counter ? 
  yeah i think that might 've been it . 
  i definitely fucked up,
