how is invading the netherlands at the same time defending germany ? 
  instead they just invaded europe by themselves am i right ? 
  well i aint a nazi lol, 
  so germans are nazis or what ? 
  i posted it because someone suggested it in r/de . 
  never saw it here but i plead guilty . 
  do you still live in germany or did you move back ? 
  seize the means of proletariat , overthrow the production . 
  long lives the bourgeoisie !, 
  i think the cdu solely opposes gay marriage because they are afraid of losing their last conservative voter . 
  * k\u00f6nigsberg literally means king 's mountain, 
  yeah thank you but we usually never get our shit together . 
  there is also / r/the _ hofer and / r/le _ pen, 
  it felt like the attacks in paris happened in the same country . 
  maybe, 
  also keep in mind that the uk would n't join any federal union anyway . 
  i guess great minds think alike ? 
  well , thanks for your honesty atleast . 
  i know and i hope that he stays on the ballot in the next election . 
   implying i am a nazi sympathizer i do n't even know why you pull out the nazi card . 
  sounds quite desperate, 
  at first i think that the special rights for maltese and luxemburgish people could be the next victims of populists . 
  since they get 6 deputees no matter what . 
  so they need less votes to get someone into the parliament . 
  i also believe that we should only enlists european parties instead of national parties . 
  so people would have to read about each parties policies also i for example like the alde very much but i do n't want to vote for their german counterpart . 
  and you will get special cases were you live in a country were none of the meps you can vote for is a member of the european party you support . 
  that is stupid . 
  you had it coming over a year ago . 
  would be stupid not to do it . 
  itt everyone is an expert on start-ups and berlin . 
  they are not opposed to it . 
  they are trying to profit from it . 
   city  bonn, 
  i actually despise conservative politicans in my country but i realized in brussels that most of the epp deputees are like the most europhile and liberal members of their respective party . 
  i was actually surprisedwhen weber spoke out against the actions of the nsa and the german intelligence when the rest of his party was silent on this topic . 
  i still believe that verhofstadt could be a way better president of the commission . 
  there are so many things that needs to be done like abandoning stra\u00dfbourg for brussels or reforming the european elections . 
  sincere question . 
  do you know many meps ? 
  because i watched a lot of speeches and went with my scholarship to brussels and we talked to a lot epp , s&p , green and alde meps and that was when i realized that most of them are actually decent people with interesting views . 
  very well said, 
  they are not sending their best !, 
  i am not saying that they cant enter parliament . 
  i have a cousin in the bundeswehr who was in parliament with his uniform but usually there is none . 
  no there are no generals in parliament . 
  actually i would not mind having south korea as a neighbour . 
  edgy as fuck, 
  but they have a lot influence in the bundesl\u00e4nder . 
  is n't social liberal in this case just a label for their social policies ? 
  in this case they are all liberals . 
  why though ? 
  it did n't happen in other countries ? 
  i mean in finland and iceland they had presidents too and in germany they are very often in government . 
  it is not a compromise . 
  these are just fiscally conservatives , social liberals working together . 
  it is just a liberal movement like d66 , libdems or the fdp . 
  it is at the bottom of their website . 
  you call infratest dimap untrustworthy ? 
   can we be pro-eu without being pro-federalization ? 
  nobody is stopping you, 
  i agree with you . 
  well , the uk was not an essential part of this arch . 
  it was big and beautiful to look at but not a part of the structure . 
  i did n't migrate to germany since i am german but i stand out because of my dark skin . 
  but for all my life no one in this country ever questioned my nationality . 
  sometimes people ask me where i am from or where my parents come from but i make it clear that i am and feel german and people treat me like that . 
  the only place were people question my `` germaness '' is the internet . 
  i do n't know . 
  again i do n't know what that means ? 
   with their ability to calmly soar above the ground to not disturb the perfect ordunung . 
  i 'd say germans and northern europeans in general . 
  people here are quite cold , private and mind their own business compared to people in italy , spain or the us . 
  i do n't think that this is important at all . 
  i once went to my cousins wedding in a bavarian village so small that i could n't find it in my bavarian map . 
  turns out the father of her husband does n't speak standart german but only bavarian so we had a hard time communicating . 
  but i still have an easier time talking with my polish , dutch and danish friends . 
  i do n't have a problem with this disconnect in your proclaimed `` broken narural ties '' . 
  nature does n't care about language . 
  the swiss live in a quadrilingual nation for centuries and it works just fine . 
  out of experience i 'd say the germans are more pragmatic because public opinion shifts unbelievably fast in this country so that it sometimes becomes irrelavant what polls said in the last week . 
  i read this sentence five times now and i still do n't know what you are trying to say . 
  it just mentions that the swiss dont let many refugees in . 
  no building fence . 
  no not really . 
  i do habe swiss friends and when they speak in their dialect which they often do , i dont understand that much . 
  would be more optimal for me to go to belgium or the netherlands were they use the same currencies and my eu citizenship would actually matter there . 
  also all the legal shit would be easier there . 
  i think this is all bullshit . 
  there is a huge difference between living in basel and living in l\u00fcbeck . 
  having the same language makes it seems similiar but as german i 've felt culturally close to people in the netherlands , france and belgium than switzerland . 
  with that logic canadians , australians , americans ect are just british . 
  where did you read that ? 
  could you give some links ? 
  the social democrats actually declared germany as republic before the communist did . 
  i prefer a conservative republic over a communist one anytime . 
  well , looks like i fucked up . 
  maybe it is just me but what i identify with my country is democracy , humanism , freedom and equality . 
  i know that predecessors of modern day germany are not an example of this but political freedom , liberalism and democracy were a huge trigger in the 1848 revolution and the weimar republic tried to establish germany 's democracy . 
  from this point of view hitler and all of his supporters are much more than traitors .
