maybe with the exception of medical care , although many return to the uk for any major surgeries . 
  i know plenty of people who live abroad for retirement , and while they rarely return the uk for major surgeries , from purely anecdotal experience i do n't know of one who did n't go private for their hospital visit , which is even better for the host country than if they went back to the uk for it . 
  a comic writer said it word for word in captain britain and the mighty defenders . 
  what i do n't get is why they 're doing this . 
  they 've got 1000 people who have come from the uk alone , ca n't they just get some of them to do it ? 
  this is the thing most people do n't realise . 
  cameron 's not saying to the eu `` give me these reforms or i 'll campaign to leave the eu . '', 
  he 's saying `` give me these reforms or they 'll be fuck all i can do to stop the uk voting to leave the eu . '', 
  it 's advisers all the way down . 
  i mean with europe no-one fucked it up as much as the belgians at least . 
  now you take that back or they 'll be no potatoes for you . 
  to be fair , if you are religious you most likely by definition think all other faiths are wrong . 
  so if we could stop funding saudi arabia that 'd be great . 
  oh right , that makes sense . 
  i never considered the fanatics at home , yeah . 
  why would you use * that * defence ? 
  why not say you had consensual sex ? 
  there 's almost no way to prove otherwise , and it 's certainly more likely than tripping up . 
  unless he was going for the `` it 's so ridiculous , why would he make it up ? '', 
  why ? 
  why should someone not be able to wear something because soneone else was forced to wear it ? 
  a century ago the cultural argument was made against catholic churches having bells while anglican ones could . 
  there 's evidence that many , perhaps most people who wear the burq are coerced into it , but to forbid someone from wearing something , to even consider that there needs to be evidence that she specifically has been coerced . 
  but you yourself have just made a logical fallacy in saying that because a large amount of peoole believe something , it must be right . 
   a slippery slope argument ( ssa ) , in logic , critical thinking , political rhetoric , and caselaw , is a consequentialist logical device in which a party asserts that a particular result will probably ( or even must inevitably ) follow from a given decision or circumstance , without necessarily providing any rational argument or demonstrable mechanism for the likelihood of the assumed consequence . 
  which is what i said . 
  as it says here , a slippery slope argument is one that '' a party asserts that a particular result will probably ( or even must inevitably ) follow from a given decision or circumstance '' . 
  i have not done so . 
  as i said , it would be a slippery slope fallacy if i asserted that a ban on the burqa will inevitably lead to a ban on women covering their breasts , however i did not make that claim . 
  but ** why ** should we ban the burqa and not women covering their breasts ? 
  both have been argued to be symbols of patriarchal oppression by various people , so why does the argument apply to one and not the other ? 
  that is my point , which is why we should not ban it . 
  no , it 's not . 
  a slippery slope fallacy would be me saying `` if we ban the burqa , we * will * ban women covering their breasts , ergo we should n't ban the burqa . '', 
  i 'm asking * why * , if we ban the burqa , should we not ban women covering their breasts , both have been argued by various people that they are a result of patriarchal oppression , so why does one argument stand and not the other ? 
   you ca n't own slaves for `` religious reasons '' that 's right , because that imposes on the slave 's freedoms , now you can still have someone that is a slave in almost every way , but they also must have the freedom to leave at any time . 
  someone wearing a burqa does not impose on anyone 's freedoms , if that person is forced to wear a burqa then you must first have to prove beyond reasonable doubt that said person was forced to wear a burqa , and then i would support the authorities helping that person free themselves from whatever constraints that force them to wear that burqa . 
  but with the burqa in general being a ` sign of oppression ' , i must ask where does it end ? 
  many feminists believe that women covering their breasts is a sign of patriarchal oppression , so should we ban women covering their breasts ? 
  if not , why should * your * ideas of what is and is n't an oppressive system of misogyny trump theirs ? 
  but surely if someone wants to wear a burqa they should be allowed to , and banning them is forcing women to wear less clothes than they feel comfortable with ? 
  now you may say that many women are given little choice by their families and peers as to wear it , but it is incredibly illiberal and anti every western value to presume that someone has been forced to wear something on zero evidence and then in a bitter twist of irony to force that person not to wear it . 
  aww little sammy 's all grown up . 
  [ mfw looking at that map ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhnfvjc99yy ), 
  it does n't affect you in any way except if we move there we can vote for the president who does n't really do shit . 
  honestly i do n't see how he could 've done a better job . 
  people rioted when the conservatives won the election last year . 
  problem is we do n't really know much about celtic mythology , most of it was destroyed by the romans , the rest by the christians . 
  then why even bother reporting it ? 
  i want to get off brexit 's wild ride, 
  because once you trigger article 50 ( which the eu refuses to negotiate until it 's been triggered ) you ca n't back out of it . 
  ergo any second referendum would have to involve us leaving and then rejoining . 
  higher education , maybe ? 
  but do n't you know ? 
  wanting closer ties with the comonwealth is literally imperialism . 
  to be fair , i do think there 's a good argument for perhaps having a second referendum at the conclusion of negotitations once we actually no what brexit would look like . 
  however that would require the eu to swallow its pride and take part in informal negotiations . 
  fuck i wish i 'd known this before we went and voted to leave . 
  also even if he did have those powers he 's said several times on no uncertain terms that he believes that eu migrants already living in the uk should be able to stay . 
  people like you are the reason those people voted to leave, 
  so just out of interest , where do you want it to head in a way that does n't involve the eu becoming a de facto state ? 
  i would n't say the coalition itself was a disaster for the country , people were just pissed off because muh tuition fees . 
  so you 're saying that outright banning any informal negotiations until article 50 is triggered is n't just trying to fuck the uk out of spite ? 
  that 's bullshit and you know it . 
  you 've got ta admit it is really depressing that the biggest argument for remain was `` the eu will fuck us out of spite '' . 
  they 're too authoritarian for the lib dems, 
  no , remain . 
  why would you think i 'm leave ( out of interest ) ? 
  all true . 
  which is why i do n't think it will happen . 
  still , it 's nice to have options , just in case . 
  it will also give me the benefit that if it does get * that * bad ( which i doubt ) then i can just fuck off and leave . 
  i 'm in that group , i have no intention of leaving , i just want an irish passport so i can still get the freedom of movement that i have now . 
  shit i 'd better get mine before you wise up . 
  britannia could work , considering that originally just referred to england and wales . 
  more like two decades, 
  sure there are tons , but there are also tons of corrupt politicians who abuse their wives . 
  to say the lgb and the t are linked beyond historically being part of the same movement simply reinforces harmful stereotypes , in my view . 
  because as i said , transgenderism is a completely seperate issue from the lgb . 
  it 'd be like if there was an end domestic abuse and political corruption movement , bith worthy causes , though completely seperate issues . 
  what i do n't get is they ( rightfully ) point out transgender is completely seperate from sexuality , yet have them part of the same movement . 
  there 's this one old guy who talks into a microphone about jesus dying for our sins in oxford . 
  huh . 
  til . 
  wait . 
  luxembourg has its own language ? 
  i thought that was louis theroux at first . 
  yeah , we get 3-6x as much from the tax revenues as we lose via health problems relating to it . 
  it does mean that a lot of people buy some when they 're on holiday , though the figures show that the effect of that is negligible . 
  a little rebellion . 
  for a 20 pack # 10 is about right actually . 
  for figures , tobacco costs # 3-5billion on the nhs annuly , and bring s in # 12billion in direct taxes . 
  this is n't even to mention the effect the selling has on the economy . 
  they are paying for their own treatment through the taxes on tobacco , in fact far more is made taxing tobacco than is lost in the healthcare required to treat it . 
  therefore they clearly * are * the ones paying for their cancer , albeit less directly . 
  usually catholic churches have a low mass in the morning which is all in english and then a high mass which has the prayers and hymns in latin later on . 
  well your link 's wrong . 
  nah captain britain 's a reed richards tier physicist , has basically all the powers of green lantern , and is king of the multiverse . 
  say what you will about the commie scum , they can write a good national anthem . 
  indeed , a liberal democracy can not put in any defenses that do not compromise at lest one ( usually both ) of those core tenants .
