  economic hardships happen , and look , somehow countries sometimes do not collapse because stock exchange is losing money !, 
  i think every easterner knows a joke about lynching negroes . 
  we should make it clear , migrants trying to steal our european jobs and benefits are not welcome , regardless of which island they came from . 
  europeans dig the eu economic benefits . 
  no one digs eu politics except for eurocrats themselves . 
  can i get bailout too ? 
  / u/grammorin calls for $ 5000 bailout !, 
  death to tesco !, 
  seriously thought , perhaps some kind of boycott of uk companies would be approriate response . 
  all we need to do is to apply his ideas irl, 
  always upvote polish flag . 
  i heard plenty of werid stories about natives and their exotic customs . 
  ancient greeks called it `` albion '', 
  colonies must be overseas . 
  there is one exotic island with sizeable polish minority and separatistic tendencies . 
  we should form militia to protect polish people with weapons and uniforms bought in local supermarket . 
  b-but muh euro !, 
  how much money we would lose . 
  not to mention sweet gazprom contracts . 
  russians might rise price !, 
  maybe we should . 
  its obvious that this way they promote violent response as correct one . 
  if you respond violently = you are safe if you act civilized = you will be a target so obviously in order to stay safe in uk , you need to start killing/burning . 
  as usual , brits had this idea first . 
  i was talking about nationality and place of stay . 
  only thing that ties them to our country are now papers . 
  they are unlikely to return since they think if you do n't get 3000 euro a week it violates human rights . 
  who cares what westerners think, 
  some of them really acts as if eastern europe was worse than africa and west was promised land of civilization and dollars . 
  they act as if life here is impossible . 
  not anymore , 
  the civilized people , obviously . 
  proud britons representing their culture and heritage . 
  are they really our ? 
  just wait until he gets to see ugly germany . 
  where will he go then ? 
  guess some people just can not accept the idea that their fatherland was not so bad after all . 
  of course under benevolent leadership of poland, 
  that 's what i thought . 
  were they ? 
  source ? 
  do n't you miss good old george iii now ? 
  true . 
  that would basically be push for downfall . 
  there are plenty of people in other countries unhappy with eu . 
  eu needs to slow down . 
  if you want to change our perception , stop playing the blame game , or get mad at your own countrymen for voting what you do n't like . 
  and dont `` threat '' like many brits do to move to canada . 
  start working to make best of your situation . 
  shit man , you got me . 
  what gave away that i 'm polish ? 
  toddlers would vote leave . 
  youth were too lazy to vote , and we 're supposed to feel sorry for them ? 
  it would be difficult for it to join eu easiest way is to be annexed by poland as `` wojew\u00f3dztwo zamorskie '', 
  it 's just a prank bro !, 
  truth be told , if not for `` european politicans backing remain '' remain would win in landslide . 
  idiots such as junecker or that steinmeyer or whatever his name is , thought intimidating brits is actually a good idea , and even when it turned out to be not working they still went full terror instead of trying to do like orban and appeal to british pride . 
  if eu is to survive , the old eurocrats need to go . 
  ireland will finally unite ? 
  will spain invade gibraltar now ? 
  world rule number one - never be at the same side as germans . 
  great empires are forged in fires of chaos . 
  uk is out , now just germany france and italy , and poland will dominate the eu . 
  dropped like a pound of lead . 
  no need for / s it 's true . 
  we do n't want 'em back . 
  they just confirm what he said . 
  territory we seized was assigned to us by league of nations . 
  czechoslovakia seized it in similar circumstances , during polish-bolshevik war when red army was closing on warsaw , the perfidious pepik send his soldiers to attack and capture zaolzie . 
  someone have to be the slave . 
  if you 'd look at red army 's performance during winter war you 'd know . 
  at time it looked like soviet union could not defend itself even from drunk lumberjack . 
  soviet military was subject of even more jokes than italian or french now . 
  putin 's birthday . 
  the memes are real, 
  make him stay for several years, 
  i do . 
  they will just deny it ever happened . 
  that 's how russians work . 
  we told you to re-join commonwealth , but you did n't listen . 
  trump for usa i suggest you guys go see his latest twitter exchange on / r/cringeanarchy it is unreal serious politicans would engage in such exchange , using insults from elementary school . 
  it is logical . 
  who would you rather listen to , politicans which are know to be less than upstanding honest citizens they pretend to be , or god , all-knowing all-might being ? 
  if you believe in god , listening to god instead of men is obvious . 
  nigel `` there is always hope for wrecking europe '' farage, 
  worth trying , i guess, 
  to be honest , after seeing few articles about luftwaffe we probably have more airworthy fighters than germany . 
  always knew we were on the right side of europe . 
  i always considered nationalism equivalent of patriotism . 
  only in nationalism focus is on nation , in patriotism , on country . 
  army is not enough . 
  eu needs a navy . 
  you must have serious problems understanding our point . 
  nationalism in all countries is fine . 
  political manipulation is not . 
  they consider insult justification for organized violence ? 
  never thought europa universalis is so popular in russia . 
  ger-what ? 
  so am i. 
  sure , them might dress differently , speak differently etc.
