  i think that is only thing lethal enough . 
  other wmd 's are just too ineffective . 
  we do n't need anyone 's permission to have nukes . 
  this is why poland needs nuclear weapons . 
  i am basing this on official story , and myself having firsthand experience with polish courts and self-defence law . 
  there were cases like a man attacked by several assailants in home , used knife to defend himself and that would be fine . 
  but when attackers fled , he ran after them and stabbed one of them . 
  and even if you do everything right , you 're still criminal because law says self defence is unpunishable crime , rather than not crime at all . 
  you ca n't , but you know . 
  once he 's dead you 're the only one to tell a story . 
  doubtful . 
  there were two on one , and they ran with knife . 
  court would not consider this legitimate self defence . 
  how about i promise not to join isis and denmark will pay me half of normal unemployment benefits ? 
  that 's a good deal . 
  was it accident , or was that just ... you know ... work of tanned people ? 
  they would cease to be an island . 
  also your comparision to russian border is not encouraging at all . 
  brits wo n't agree to this . 
  i have been advocating partitioning germany between poland and france for a long time . 
  jagiello did nothing wrong . 
  protest = / = proces, 
  yes , the kremlin botox offensive of 2016 also seems quite successful from tactical point of view . 
  yeah , he looks like normal man when in reality he 's midget with hairline retreating faster than red army in 1941 . 
  though i doubt there will be triumphant comeback . 
  what about ancient finno-lechitic transeuropean road ? 
  then we should include moscow too , as vassal state of polish crown . 
  it 's the same reason why paedophiles are treated badly in prison . 
  other prisoners , thieves murderers etc. 
  despise them because to remind themselves they are not at the bottom . 
  they basically do this to feel better about themselves . 
  `` we 're not total scum , we have principles '', 
  even harder to secure then . 
  hey , that 's just more calories . 
  placing important electricity facility in unstable region is not a good idea . 
  they can ? 
  okay , i did n't know that . 
  not suprising . 
  even if they were on foot , he would not be able to keep up on distance . 
  human endurance thanks to bipedal antomy and most efficient cooling system is among best in existence . 
  there are many animals faster than us , but almost none could rival us on distance . 
  funny , i think he himself would qualify . 
  his father was a party member . 
  you are absolutely right . 
  now pay up . 
  first you got ta pay for hussite raids . 
  i , also want germany to pay me personal reparations over ww ii , other wars and all german mischief in general . 
  military access outside of cofnlict is bad idea . 
  unnecessary burden to your diplomatic points . 
  i thought america would be last place to support communism . 
  and he was greedy cruel asshole entire time . 
  yes , very european . 
  and failed spectacularly . 
  i can not remember single instance of effective french help . 
  in fact , france seems to be more of liability than ally . 
  look at history expert . 
  can you name one instance of effective french help for poland ? 
  you should know treaty with france stipulated more than mere declaration of war . 
  it contained paragraphs about offensive , and time of it 's execution . 
  pay reperations for not helping !, 
  we have more tanks , you know . 
  and functional air force . 
  send me 100 euro now , as personal reperations . 
  it 's now our time to invade . 
  proper representation of our greatness . 
  your particular way of percieving what is right or wrong might be cultural , but ability to consider something either good or wrong is natural human thing . 
  arent ethics and morals releated ? 
  here , in poland word is often used interchangeable . 
  morality is sense of good and evil . 
  ethics is your particular way of percieving good and evil . 
  so it 's wrong to lie to strangers , but okay to do so to loved ones ? 
  twisted logic , if you ask me . 
  well , for me if you simply have no money to pay back because of unfortunate events then i wont think you 're immoral . 
  but if you simply dont give a fuck about me even though i helped you , then yeah you 're immoral . 
  not hitler immoral , but still a little bit immoral . 
  what suprised me is not whenever they viev it as immoral or moral , but how betraying trust of a loved one is supposedly separate from morality . 
  i was thinking perhaps in french the meaning could be used also to extramartial relationships with spouce consent , aka open relationships . 
  that 's what is so weird for me , i could understand ( but still would disagree ) how would someone argue how it 's not morally wrong , but i simply ca n't even understand how can it not be a moral issue . 
  edit : also , how is morality religion only thing . 
  do atheists never get feeling something is right or wrong ? 
  smalec is lard , not bacon . 
  boczek is bacon . 
  no , but lutetia could be a nam for paris . 
  to make berlin road marker seem normal . 
  well , otherwise state will have to pay for these children so they need to intimidate men into not checking that stuff . 
  betraying someones trust is not a moral issue ? 
  morality is universally human aspect . 
  dont you feel some deeds are just pure wrong and evil ? 
  or do you suggest that morality does not exist outside of a religion ? 
  lack of moral perception is called `` sociopathy '' afaik . 
  if they accept that , i dont think it can be called `` affair '' . 
  sorry , but i just cant wrap my head around concept that betraying trust of your husband/wife is not the moral issue . 
  i really ca n't see why people try to force others to vaccinate . 
  i get that it can cause e [ pidemic , but i wo n't be affected since i am vaccinated . 
  it 's common sense to do so , but if someone lacks it , why bother ? 
  also , banning kids from school seems like more of a punishment to kids than parents . 
  so if it 's really kids welfare that is primary motivation , should n't punishment be more parent-focused ? 
  are n't political crimes exception from extradition ? 
  they are integral part of government that mistreated schwartz . 
  not sure about russian language , but assuming gad means the same as in polish then it has direct translation ( in opposition to what author claims ) and it means `` reptilian '',
