  this is not about president protecting democracy , this is power struggle . 
  he vetoed two of three controversial acts , and it 's not compromise on his part . 
  two laws he vetoed , would severly limit his authority in judicary , by transferring many of his prerogatives to minister of justice . 
  who 's brigading ? 
  and upvoting or downvoting ? 
  i 'm wondering what agent orange has to say about this . 
   putin is now following emmanuel macron, 
  we 're not playing ball with russia , and anyone attempting to do so will commit political suicide . 
  title says world war 2 . 
  danzig was not a german city . 
  it was a free city . 
  they can pretend constitution doesnt ban that . 
  they control consitutional court , and even if they didnt they would just ignore ruling . 
  activate article 7 now . 
  unless you mention things like first man in space . 
  then they will be first to mention how `` we put a man in space '' and how other republics contributions were `` insignificant '', 
  dont they know we 're on holidays ? 
  until they shoot you . 
  let 's just call him timmy . 
  not all of them . 
  we really should require americans to get visa before coming to europe . 
  nobody makes movies about our heroes :(, 
  plot twist - they will decrease quality in western european products . 
  i do n't know man . 
  they seemed to be backing down until few days ago , then they passed everything and punished dissidents . 
  was he trying to get fake documents and plane ticket to argentina ? 
  this night , i called from my balcony from more protests . 
  can you please make article about me being leader and inspirator of protests ? 
  that sounds like something liberty prime ( or europe prime ) would say before firing his laser . 
   certain politicans are opposed to frenchman 's proposals  / r/europe : fuck that entire region . 
  and fuck everyone that disagrees with us . 
  never change . 
  let 's just say i am not holding out for an answer . 
  i wonder what changed . 
  rule of law ? 
  can you tell me which law they violated ? 
  they can legally change laws , all they do is legal . 
  that 's what pisses me off , people seem to do n't care what is good and wrong anymore . 
  it doesnt matter if deed was good or evil , all that matters is was it legal . 
  legality is killing morality . 
  edit : you 're all missing my point . 
  i am not defendint this reform , quite the opposite . 
  i just said people should consider whenever it is good or bad , rather than whenever this is legal or not . 
  fact that just because i said this is legal you guys think i am defending that reform proves my point . 
  they should just follow example of phillip and conquer grece . 
  eu 's malevolent regulations infected our youth with sin and perversion , to cure our youth we need to introduce additional control measures . 
  see ? 
  i did it in less than one minute . 
  arresting them might be difficult with armed men behind their back . 
  i thought she supports sanctions ? 
  the kebab fear the samurai . 
  discovery of america ? 
  i remember erdogan saying something about muslims discovering america . 
  i 'm not condemning anyone . 
  i 'm just saying this is hardly a nuclear option . 
  mount doom seems like a good place for meeting . 
  i heard eveyone will get souvenir rings !, 
  isnt that what austria was doing ? 
  busing migrants to german border ? 
  one warning . 
  announce that militants will be fired upon , and that they should disperse immediately . 
  if they choose to stay , their problem . 
  not condoning what they did , but reform changes judge election system to similar one to germany . 
  so germans criticizing us for that seem a bit hypocritical . . 
  i just say courts are not working well now , and their independence often translates into abuse and misconduct . 
  i know that from experience . 
  after trial lasteng several years , i filed papers for removing court costs ( which amounted to over 10000z\u0142oty ) court should give me answer within month . 
  after 11 months , they partially agreed , and reduced court costs i was supposed to pay to 1000 z\u0142oty , then on the same page they demanded i pay 10.700 z\u0142oty . 
  i appealed , and after three months they reduced it to 4000 z\u0142oty . 
  and i 've seen more crazy things in courthouse . 
  i really would like for someone to fix this , even if that means giving government control over courts . 
  you speak as if democratic countries did n't do the same . 
  one of main causes of brexit was british politicans blaming eu of shit they did themselves . 
  he would invade it . 
  france , as a major military power was a loose end . 
  uk might remain ally of the reich , provided they would accept no longer being safe at sea because after victory in europe germany would create navy stronger than british one . 
  keep in mind , german naval power was one of main motivations for brits to join first world war . 
  as i pointed out in other post , france most certainly did n't . 
  treaty stipulated more things than declaring war . 
  yeah , sure , he never wanted to retake alsace and lorraine . 
  he was totally fine with that . 
  you didnt , treaty spoke about more than `` declaring war '' but also described `` major offensive within two weeks since beginning of hostilities '' . 
  and do n't pretend that was altruistic . 
  you know well krauts would not leave you alone , they would have come for you sooner or later . 
  so stop acting like you guys did anyone a favor . 
  honestly , maybe it would be better for us to ally with germans and enjoy the show how they turned your country into butt of all military jokes for the next century . 
  medieval soros borrowed money from us , giving us spisz as lien . 
  soros , being greedy hungarian did not return money and so we kept spisz . 
  poland was spared largely thanks to casimir 's order of preemptive quarantine . 
  i would n't say so . 
  on east , serfdom was expanding . 
  on west , we had later jaquerie and other peasant uprisings . 
  they do n't have to be north african . 
  not sure if this is genuine or is this german humor . 
  either way , equally pitiful . 
  smartest way to handle this would be to locate all refugee camps within one km of western border , i agree . 
  still , i fear that they would try to make us keep them in , rather than do something about influx . 
  do you think anyone in the backroom will ever say `` you might have law on your side but look at tweeter '' ?? 
  well , maybe trump would , but noone else will . 
  then why insist on moving them here ?
