  even biggest european homophobes still hate gypsies more . 
  in every european country . 
  guess you 're visiting wrong churches then . 
  mine has wifi . 
  meanwhile our people still have problem with polish language ... 
  * tips fedora *, 
  even without brexit poland will surpass your island at everything . 
  i get it , brexit is not good for economy but people seem to think living in post-brexit britain will be like living in fallout minus the mutants ( except ghouls ) that somehow brexit will result in total destruction and bankrupcy of everything . 
  electricity and water will stop running , authorities will collapse and gangs will form trying to fight for food and water to survive . 
  seems you would fit right in, 
  because right to abortion is product of feminism , not human rights movement . 
  they 're interested in advancing cause for women , not anyone else . 
  if that 's not the reason , then why do you act this way ? 
  you keep doing this since late antiquity , there must be a reason . 
  kind of ironic americans of all people believe this stereotype ... the stereotype about them must be true then . 
  they would if they had any spare change . 
  how uneuropean and undemocratic . 
  why are germans so backwards ? 
  mostly because plane was shot down with equipment donated by someone that still maintains he has nothing to do with it . 
  also absolute refusal to take responsibility . 
  what says russia ? 
  again connection problems ? 
  italy also switched sides during first world war . 
  edit : alright , i get it . 
  you did n't . 
  grenades seem way easier to manufacture than guns too . 
  there might be underground grenade factory somewhere . 
  then make babies instead of articles . 
  szwaby, 
  no , but thanks for telling me . 
  wait until they erect gulag model . 
  the love green people more than they hate brown . 
  or maybe they 're just very good criminals ? 
  that 's the least likely place they will hide . 
  at least they allow us europeans to live , not just shot us dead like americans do . 
  we really should put visa requirement on americans . 
  seems like usa is too violent to allow unchecked travel . 
  maybe you should n't visit , and let islanders roast in the hell they made for themselves . 
  norway is long but small country . 
  oil and fire make everything hotter . 
  every common offensive operation . 
  common defense would be automatic . 
  just edit wikipedia page . 
  for big response , some kind of educational program which will list su as axis state is required . 
  it 's not about historical accuracy , it 's about pissing off . 
  russians love to brag about how they are the `` liberators '' even though they did provide lots of help to allow nazi germany to remilitarize so quickly . 
  they also didnt help anyone out of kindness - they were attacked and merely fought the invader . 
  those countries they `` liberated '' later became enslaved to moscow . 
  hitting their national mythology would provoke overreaction from russian media . 
  i would then record all the angry russian people speaking to camera and outraged officials and kept these recordings as treasured memories . 
  whataboutism has always been a trademark of russian propaganda . 
  we should announce that until 1941 soviet union is to be considered part of axis countries . 
  just to piss russians off . 
  can i have both ? 
  if there are areas in their country where they are safe , why emigrate for safety ? 
  i mean , i could also move to somewhere in carpathain mountaning , then complain that everyday when i go to buy beer i face death because my government refuses to build a proper bridge and ask of a refugee status because i face death everyday in here . 
  bulgaria , romania and hungary together look kinda like africa . 
  what, 
  kind of like chaotic evil and lawful evil . 
  it 's simple . 
  german delusion of their own superiority ( which is still very strong imho , just moved from racial traits to cultural ones ) gives us perception that germans are extremly arrogant . 
  like , if arrogance would be olympic discipline we would bet our life savings on gold for germany . 
  that coupled with hostility makes all demonstrations of german identity being perceived as demonstration of arrogance and superiority . 
  we just see people speaking german as pretentious ( oh look at me i am superior german and i speak superior language ) attacker in question probably perceived professor as being germanophile for choosing to speak german language , rather than requesting different language or other guy learning polish . 
  and as you know , treason is much bigger crime than assault . 
  therefore , in the eyes of attacker in question professor was much worse than his german colleague . 
  edit :  explain way of thinking  get downvoted anyway fuck you too guys, 
  you and me both . 
  well , answer these questions brits . 
  especially these ones : why are you so ugly ? 
  what do scottish people look like ? 
  why are english crybabies ? 
  is english a greek dialect ? 
  why are the british so stupid ? 
  eu army is a good idea . 
  maybe russians will take a hint then - we wo n't be divided if they strike . 
  welcome them all , give filthy huge benefits and cheer for diversity . 
  so what is the smart way to die ? 
  i think germany is modern carthage . 
  both were economic powers with imperial ambitions , and both fought two wars one with mixed success that ended in defeat , then second one 20 years later with much greater success that also ended in defeat . 
  even after that it was still very strong economically and then came third war when they had no success and were crushed . 
  always the perfidious albion . 
  sure , if you disagree with government you must be terrorist , right ? 
  obviously not , but russian rule in caucasus is harsh and people often disappear . 
  if they would be , there would be tens of thousands of chechens , not just 150 . 
  besides , we 're talking about torching your house . 
  someone destroyed all you own , and you 're basically lucky to make it out alive . 
  you call that `` mean '' ? 
  people on the internet are mean . 
  people who burn your house are fucking brutal . 
  does that mean their human rights were not violated ? 
  is n't that what article say ? 
  they mention that one got house burned down after complaining on tv about situation . 
  because they 're persecuted by russians or so they say at least, 
  was n't dublin system proposed by germany ? 
  he has balls to talk like this . 
  by flooding crime lab !, 
  funny people with funny language . 
  the more internet oriented person you are , the more you believe in `` brothel of europe '' stereotype . 
  i 'm not suprised hearing this from czech .
