  also , are there many irish proverbs about horse cocks ? 
  facebook should stop playing politics . 
  i know that a little . 
  my case is going for 4th year . 
  i looked at date when suit was filled , and it was almost a year before it was delivered to me . 
  and it 's not even appeal , it 's still first instance . 
  i 'd like to hear him accusing germany of racism when they deport those who did not get asylum . 
  sorry , sometimes i forgot it 's not 2015 anymore . 
  no , they have special police tasked with breaking spells . 
  i 'd put a sanction on austria too . 
  to send message , that sending bearded women to eurovision will not be tolerated . 
  no , it 's just when i heard `` rectal cleaning '' i thought about a butt brush or ass scoop . 
  water cleaning did n't really come to my mind until i googled enema . 
  oh yes , we do too . 
  it 's lewatywa . 
  on a side note - ancient egyptians believed enema was discovered by osiris , who watched holy bird ibis inject water into his butt-hole with his beak . 
  you have a word for rectal cleansing ? 
  my pro-polish posts often get downvoted too . 
  guess western european gay-liberal anti-christian army ( glaca ) is always ready to strike . 
  til i was a homophobe few years ago . 
  maybe have referendum to decide should you have referendums ? 
  uk will not quit immediately , latest treaty adds some procedures for quitting eu . 
  they will probably begin negotiations and uk parliament will give government deadline . 
  that 's why i asked . 
  do you deny ww2 was germany 's fault ? 
  we understand difference between non-government organisation and fully-approved government projects . 
  for the reasons this guy stated , i kinda enjoy that whole chaos in europe and decline of the west in general . 
  serves them right . 
  i hate to be that guy , but it 's cease not seize, 
  not sure was there any religion back then . 
  rightful slavic land . 
  it is just a subject that reappears from time to time , but with german saying something like this we might go ahead and press our claim if that statement becomes loud enough . 
  we have every right to demand reparations as un stated there 's no settlement concerning reparations between frg and poland and germany recognizes treaty ending world war . 
  edit : so many angry germans . 
  that 's a real macho alpha male dolphin . 
  you ca n't watch porn on console . 
  pc is for master race, 
  remember when schetyna said it was ukrainians that liberated auschwitz , not russians ? 
  russia went full damage control mode . 
  it was very amusing . 
  this is going to be good . 
  i always knew germans are still nazis . 
  it 's not police agitating for surveillance , it 's politicans . 
  you speak as if you 're not polish . 
  it 's not `` them '' it 's `` us '', 
  and poland !, 
  and here 's old left , changing terms and words to suit their agenda . 
  it 's just a prank bro . 
  recognition of human rights is by no means a condition for civilization . 
  if it would be , then prehistory would end in xx century . 
  burning heat , salty water , and expensive drinks to cool your thirst ? 
  sounds like hell . 
  why would anyone go there ? 
  why did n't you listen ? 
  if russia wants to giveaway freebies , let them do it . 
  they 'll just go broke sooner . 
  joker , is that you ? 
  it should be rejected as a principle . 
  nothing about us , without us . 
  i think . 
  in my opinion fear of poverty is stronger motivation than benefits they offer . 
  and , what is best , they 're not mutually exclusive . 
  western countries already give tons of benefits to parents . 
  what else could they do ? 
  i know , but i believe carrot and stick is not as effective with no stick and just carrots . 
  perspective of poverty might be just the impulse people need , after all it was main impulse for which people used to have many children . 
  in china , despite ban people had many children because they knew they will need children because state pension is not enough to support them . 
  i 'm not talking about cutting pensions of current pensioners . 
  they 're already old and unable to have children , so using it on them is pointless . 
  i 'm talking about future pensioners , especially young ones . 
  it will , obviously . 
  no one likes to be forced to do something . 
  still , this will be way cheaper for government and will present much stronger motivations than all benefits for having children do now . 
  and , most importantly it will raise population growth . 
  it works . 
  what else we need ? 
  that too . 
  because you needed someone to care about you when you 're old . 
  no children - no help . 
  retirement pensions allow you to be able to survive without children . 
  cutting it to people who can have children but choose not to , might help to reverse this trend . 
  earlier anticonception was not commonly avalible and that 's how people dealt with unwanted children, 
  well , they made a choice to have very few children , it is just that they now suffer for it . 
  no , children were a necessity . 
  if child was unwanted , it was killed or abandoned before . 
  now people do n't care . 
  personally , i think healthy childless people should have 50 % of their retirement pension cut . 
  marriage lasts until death . 
  since he 's dead , he can now marry again . 
  i think he will be ok with that . 
  very polonophobic article . 
  til if you do to something while being drunk it does n't count . 
  they could just make big ship and tow their island somewhere away . 
  is that in swedish law ? 
  or could sweden just extradite him and if uk disagrees demand that us returns assange ? 
  they have been doing that for a long time , you just did n't notice ... 
  how can they deny entry to their own citizens ? 
  * world 's most relevant countries in 3rd millenium * fixed that for you, 
  i do n't bloody think sharia allows that , chap . 
  eu already proved it 's incapable to deal with crisis .
