  as old saying goes `` god made man , but samuel colt made them equal '', 
  taiwan did not participate :(, 
  thanks . 
  it was a landslide victory . 
  plot twist : all countries follow and create new european union together with uk, 
  is n't that how all modern-day violence is described ? 
  ( by perpetrators obviously ), 
  that should be a lesson . 
  engage in politics , or you risk people like those in nus do it for you . 
  why on earth would uk elect such person ? 
  i really want legitimate explanation , it 's completely unthinkable for me . 
  so the only bad thing he done is not being hypocritical enough to say `` violence is bad unless when we do it '' like a true british statesman should . 
  glad we got that sorted out . 
  you can report them to me , along with their social security number , credit cart info etc. 
  i just organized `` best country in the world contest '' in my home and poland won poland # 1, 
  american tv , i assume usa is basically huge circlejerk, 
  food sanctions are russian idea . 
  apparently , western food is cheaper than russian-made food . 
  to improve the situation they 'd need money for investitions which they thanks to oil prices do n't have . 
  due to increasing demand for russian food prices are growing , and due to fact that this demand is generated by artificial political conflict not many people are willing to invest . 
  food sanctions are russian idea . 
  wow , they must be really rich to be able to spend so much money on food !, 
  for all intents and purposes they have nothing to do with poland . 
  their expectation that country will actually do something to help them while they earn much more than average person in poland and pay taxes to queen is at least illogical . 
  we told the west that any `` reset '' of relations and attempts to make russia act in accordance with international laws and rules is futile . 
  you can always learn gaelic . 
  even if your parent 's didnt speak it , if you feel irish you should use it . 
  language is essential for national identity . 
  if enough people could be convinced to use only gaelic , and refuse to use english in dealing with other irishmen they could easily enforce it as first language . 
  on 4chan you already are . 
  white as in paper-white or aryan-white ? 
  i posted this in thread about `` little ways we rebel '' that i always force polish terms , even if english terms are commonly used . 
  example is `` nordic walking '' poles use this stupid term , and i always pretend to do n't understand when they use it , and when they explain i am like `` geez , could n't you say that you just march with sticks '' ? 
  there are also other examples where i use very rarely used polish word , or just translation i made up and when they do n't understand i explain it like to small child in passive-aggresive manner . 
  if i would be irish , i 'd absolutely refuse to use english in ireland . 
  i 'd speak irish , even if another person would be immigrant who knows only english . 
  you 're referring to `` more irish than irish themselves '' ? 
  i remember seeing this term when reading about that matter . 
  i am all for british exceptionalism , and for polish exceptionalism . 
  also , to hell with diaspora . 
  we should n't think about their interest when thinking about future of poland , they choose not to participate in our country after all . 
  kinda shameful that irish is second language in ireland . 
  ca n't wait to see players shooting from bomb holes to suprise goalkeeper , taking cover before trying to pass the ball . 
  trump : total war, 
  it would handle it better than without soviet `` brotherly help '', 
  nothing tanning cream could n't fix . 
  well , after israelis killed count bernadotte swedes can hardly be blamed for their attitude . 
  what a sverigephobe !, 
  1 ) it is never a good idea to abandon conventional military . 
  2 ) no you ca n't . 
  repatriation as far as i know involves return of people to their homeland , as in polish people deported to siberia now their descendants return to poland . 
  i know about that , but that was still within one state . 
  czechia and poland are separate states . 
  germany ? 
  they do n't even have a functioning military !, 
  i guess we should say no to ttip then . 
  very european of you to abandon allies and ignore wars . 
  administrative reorganization ? 
  what ? 
  what kind of reorganization involves annexation ? 
  it is `` do as little as we can to appease public opinion and allies '' kind of response . 
  you are right . 
  russia is much worse than islamic state , because after all islamic state can blow some bombs , fight some desert battles but that 's it . 
  it can not defeat any functioning state . 
  russia on the other hand has capacity to destroy whole planet . 
  our muslim minority is even smaller , but they 're still harassing our tatar minority . 
  who cares about english and what they search . 
  polska is beautiful name , cudzoziemcy can cry us a river . 
  we defended christian europe for centuries , and out fellow christian germans turned out to be much worse than turks . 
  respect to erdogan . 
  f ** k merkel . 
  when i was reading about russian economy doing worse and worse . 
  previous government knew they 're going to lose , so they violated rules to place new judges . 
  pis thought they can use this , to cut on their influence and abuse rules too without getting all the blame . 
  i 'd really love to see their response to that . 
  please , tell me someone posted that on twitter and they responded to it . 
  it is too , and that was my point . 
  it should n't be viewed as attack on democracy/independence , it is more of political influence conflict . 
  to be more exact , while majority of poles disagrees on that issue with pis , it 's support did not fall significantly . 
  * deep concern intensifies *, 
  no , it becomes null and void because this is none of germans business . 
  yes , people disagreeing with you is really sad . 
  i mean , who would disagree with / u/theworstsort ? 
  so very very sad . 
  did they ? 
  westerners always treated us as second-class europeans . 
  literary another stalin , where are polish gulags ? 
  we would rather lose democracy than independence . 
  you speak as if eu politicans were completely pure and not affected by any lobby or interests . 
  you are assuming social development is linear . 
  also newer = / = better, 
  yeah , but i do n't think taking lessons from western europeans on voting is good idea . 
  we can figure that out without `` help '' . 
  this patronizing attitude is one of most annoying things about eu . 
  another shoah . 
  because obviously , europeans would be 2nd class citizens . 
  their testimony in court as non-muslims would be worth nothing . 
  as if his brother was treated unjustly . 
  i 'm pretty sure they already do that in us airports . 
  what a happy family !,
