cold war plans assumed main task of polish army would be to invade and occupy denmark . 
  i am mostly referring to his opinions he expressed in his letters . 
  i think at least some fragments should be avalible online . 
  i just told you what image germans give to us when they try to find their own anti-nazi hero and fins someone who hated us . 
  nothing more . 
  what was so preventive from strike at german positions ? 
  what was so impossible to carry out strike ? 
  french signed clear treaty which obliged them to carry out offensive actions within certain timetable . 
  they choose to ignore them and went even as far to ban their allies from contact , instead of even trying to explain it . 
  as if this was not shameful enough , after war , brits organized victory parade in london . 
  out of 47 allied nations , 46 participated . 
  on insistence of soviets , poland was not invited . 
  as for advantage , main german forces were in poland . 
  border was held by mostly reserve forces . 
  if allies would launch full-scale attack on german border , germans would likely lose . 
  i have little experience with germans , not pleasant though . 
  stauffenberg and bismarck are your national heroes . 
  stauffenberg hated poles , yet you build him memorials as if he was a role model . 
  it however depicts picture for us which is : germans , nazi or democratic , it matters not . 
  they all hate poland , regardless of ideology . 
  you had clear advantage . 
  you lost war because of poor strategy . 
  french tanks were more advanced than most of german ones , you outnumbered enemy . 
  if you would strike while majority of forces were in poland , war would end much sooner . 
  not many . 
  what parades are you talking about ? 
  because of german attitude . 
  many of us seen germans act as if they forgot they lost world wars and still think they are master race . 
  they act as if they are greatest country in the world , and we should merely admire their greatness . 
  so here 's you answer . 
  arrogance . 
  germans still worship national heroes that hated us , such as bismarck or von stauffenberg . 
  franco-polish alliance treaty however required attack to be carried out within two weeks of commencing hostilities . 
  french put up some mock attack that withdrew before even reaching german lines , then instructed guards to do not allow polish officers to talk to them . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saar_offensive this is why people in poland do not trust any nato or any westerner . 
  found the bolshevik . 
  i wonder why tesco , and not for example asda ? 
  how about australia joins eu ? 
  i mean , they are already in eurovision . 
  make europe great again !, 
  well , west is fucked . 
  zimbabwe is known to have big trillions of cash . 
  it is actually . 
  germany is nice state , but i got feeling most people are n't fond of average german . 
  should have stayed as part of polish crown !, 
  lawful good : toomas hendrik ilves neutral good : stefan l\u00f6fven chaotic good : matteo renzi lawful neutral : francois hollande true neutral : swiss federal council chaotic neutral : andrzej duda lawful evil : angela merkel neutral evil : vladimir putin chaotic evil : david `` dogdy dave '' cameron, 
  wow , how racist of germans . 
  why would britons even care what does americans think ? 
  americans wanted independence , they 're not part of uk anymore so why do they even have an opinion in that matter ? 
  why wo n't king seize power and forms government with himself as head ? 
  no wonder they put them on trial . 
  guys revealed luxembourg has been stealing from whole eu . 
  it 's like mafia who is after snitch . 
  actually , she 's not . 
  look at world wars !, 
  side with germans always lost !, 
  so germans can not be on the right side of history . 
  history says so . 
  i 've seen articles about belarus repackaging sanctioned food and selling to russia . 
  is there no normal right ? 
  middle-right ? 
  so , war then ? 
  is it really far-right ? 
  foreign media love to call parties far-right, 
  would be much more to cover if not for sick german ambitions and ruthlesness . 
  kind of like world laughs that there is a country named after bird ? 
  it is essential for existence of nation and nation-state . 
  that idea seems like no-brainer . 
  what about jihad `` safe zones '' in germany ? 
  as you can see by previous posts , we are considering situation in which escape is unlikely . 
  no , because it is limited conflict . 
  i wrote earlier that states might use weapons if they will feel their existence is threatened . 
  existence of ukraine is not threatened . 
  it 's not my fault you have reading problems . 
  they help by prevention . 
  if you gon na attack side armed with nuclear weapons , you risk taking huge losses and having large part of your country destroyed . 
  even if conventional forces succeed , other country still has capability to remove your from the face of earth . 
  as someone said about submarines carrying nuclear weapons `` our mission is accomplished , if we return to harbour with all missiles on board '' it 's about deterrence , it always was . 
  if that would be true , why everybody want to get nuclear weapons ? 
  because they are guarantee of safety . 
  this is why israel got nuclear weapons , because in case conventional military fails , they still have backup option to take everyone down with themselves . 
  russia made it point in their doctrine to use `` de-escalation strike '' a single nuclear strike to cease hostilities in case they will start losing conventional warfare . 
  you sound like person that would vote for green pacifists that promote complete disarmament and disbanding all kinds of military force . 
  holy shit you are deluded . 
  if their existence will be threatened , i think they will go with nuclear strike anyway . 
  at least a limited one . 
  argument that us would n't intervene is one more argument for nuclear weapons in baltic states . 
  but they will think twice before launching invasion . 
  someone pushed to the wall might use nukes as last resort . 
  so putin will keep his dogs on leash . 
  i 'd rather be in a fist fight , but with gun . 
  i 'm not interested in equal fight , i 'm interested in victory . 
  actually , what i think is main cause is that for main players in eu the response is more integration and their attempts to coerce others into it . 
  it is natural reaction to resist these attempts , and their blind loyalty to their imagined use will kill eu . 
  i will never live in state where my people are outnumbered by germans . 
  drug war is coming to an end , and government needs to give jobs to drug agency workers . 
  the point is that apparently foreign parents do n't care that their kid is a little thug . 
  so unless someone is going to take hard stance , kids need to prepare to defend themselves . 
  unless you ca n't outrun your opponents . 
  then best way is to be armed better than they are .
