  oh , the arrogance and blindness . 
  germans still act as if brexit happened out of nowhere , as if there were no causes of such anti-eu stance among public of so many countries . 
  if they will keep denying problems exist , they will become so large solving them will not be an option anymore . 
  because they are main source of divisions in eu . 
  that is why certain states feel excluded from participation . 
  with such dissent and prophetized financial disaster in uk not happening it is only a matter of time before more countries will decide that there are more worthwhile alternatives than german economic dictate . 
  pretty much this . 
  although i meant mostly germany-centered group , other groups are certainly not helping . 
  if such groups are necessary , then eu collapse is inevitable . 
  they should be made with 100 % participation . 
  otherwise , certain states are practically excluded from decision making . 
  union like this can not last long . 
  groups like this are main source of problems in eu . 
  how can eu function if decisions are made outside it by exclusive groups ? 
  success breeds jealousy, 
  you speak as if americans were not doing the same . 
  also lol at `` american concepts '', 
  `` it represents a case of tu quoque or the appeal to hypocrisy , [ 3 ] a logical fallacy '' you did n't even read that link , right ? 
  you 're projecting so much you should work at cinema . 
  what you need gladius for , romans ? 
  if barbarians attack , just call lictor 's guild or use scuta to fend off the attacker . 
  alternatively , ring a bell and wait for vigiles to arrive . 
  no roman civitas actually need a gladius . 
  what are you going to do , carry it everywhere ? 
  when barbarians attack , just form testudo and wait for cohors urbana to arrive . 
  what next , should you have right to own a ballistae ? 
  no roman citizen should own anything more than a pugio to defend himself and his domus . 
  statistics prove that greater number of gladiem per 100.000 citizens increase m\u00eal\u00e9e deaths significantly . 
  you 're just compensating for your short stature and plebeian birth . 
  `` yeah , they will be in 15 minutes , can you not stab me please until they arrive ? '', 
  there is no tank ban . 
  you could purchase tank , if you could afford it . 
  your graph misses a lot of countries , not to mention it does not compare gun deaths to violent deaths overall . 
  as usual , we 're lagging behind western europe in progress . 
  when you feed someone , fund their education , healthcare etc / you do n't urge them to be loyal . 
  you demand loyalty and punish those who betray your country . 
  drunk voicing opinions . 
  seriously , you can google it , juncker has problem with alcohol . 
  ahura mazda demands sacrifice !, 
  i doo nott speek dootsch . 
  as far as i know there is airport or two in romania . 
  also , romania has on order f-16 . 
  what infrastructure do you need to store them ? 
  ballistic missiles are usually made with mobile launchers . 
  or the press got told what to write by rich corporations that are their owners . 
  personally i think they should have some predictions about inclusion of ai into services and prepare a plan for transition . 
  i doubt any of them cares , though . 
  short-sightness is very common among politicans . 
  not many people here put any trust in nato . 
  most people would agree that it 's at least likely that once russia invade us , west will betray us and abandon us using some petty excuse . 
  perhaps not in near future , but long-term sure . 
  it is a credible threat . 
  russia is plenty of high-ranking people that consider military invasion legitimate tool of foreign policy . 
  besides , there 's nothing wrong in having prepared reserve force . 
  honestly , i 'm more suprised by eurovision taking place in ukraine than that . 
  over 2600 hours here and not a single achievement . 
  this is quite common tho . 
  exactly . 
  scotland rebels and gets independent anyway . 
  we got both wales and scotland this way . 
  that 's exactly why . 
  we could support scottish rebels and bring end to uk . 
  my proposition : - concede defeat - cede north ireland to ireland - release wales as independent state - transfer trade power to spain, 
  i 'll take it . 
  pm me for banking info for transfer . 
  that deal was insane idea . 
  it 's collapse was just a matter of time . 
  men having penises is rather normal . 
  is man with penis something unusual in russia ? 
  it was always a fact of life . 
  it 's just this is violence not authorised by state . 
  write new article `` calls in germany for looser gun laws '', 
  kids that bullied him should be charged with cooperation in murders . 
  if that would be the case plenty of countries would n't build lng terminals . 
  read the damn article . 
  his brother was suspect , and he tried to prevent arrest . 
  for us , for baltic countries , lng terminals allowed us to get a better price from russia . 
  spending money on road that can be only used by current supplier is increasing dependence because it consumes resources that could be used on diversification . 
  if they refuse , you can always say if they will not pay they will be thrown into reactor . 
  that depends on what actually happens . 
  for example , during three miles accident people were exposed to 8 milirads . 
  thats equivalent of one rtg or two weekly doses . 
  most people 's health wlll suffer more simply by living next to a road and breathing car exhaust fumes , than by living next to nuclear power plant . 
  yet whenever nuclear plant is nearby they act as if fucking third hand is about to grow out of their stomach . 
  if german people want no nuclear power plants , fine , but cost of shutting them down and all releated costs should be fully paid by `` concerned citizens '', 
  nord stream increases dependence on russia . 
  instead of building another money pipes for russian military , you should built lng terminals . 
  i feel uncomfortable around slovakia . 
  can we remove them from eu ? 
  well , germans lost that battle , therefore they are angry . 
  did you know they called battle against russians in 1914 `` second battle of tannenberg '' ? 
  they were butthurt even 500 years later . 
  that 's not how patriotism works . 
  if they 're so plentiful , why wont they form their own faction ? 
  west would be more than happy to provide arms for them . 
  except for merkel , she seems to enjoy stream of migrants . 
  it 's not controversial , it 's simple . 
  russians are trying to steal our victory , and germans are butthurt cuz they lost . 
  look everyone , i get that this will not be good for uk 's economy , but from your comments it seems when uk quits eu atlantic ocean will swallow it . 
  you keep posting about `` suicide '' as if whole island would cease to exist .
