  if anyone in the government is reading this , pm me . 
  i 'm currently unemployed , and have nothing against fucking up some of our western neighboors . 
  how about we declare that europe ends at oder-neisse line , and then suggest that remaining part is just an island and is part of british archipelago ? 
  then we consequently refer to any westerner as british . 
  great war with all superpowers involved ? 
  not possible , economic connections are too tight . 
  there 's too much to loose . 
  - any european in 1913, 
  because people fall for it . 
   boys and girls born wow , assigning gender at birth ? 
  what is it , middle ages again ? 
  how unproggresive . 
  what if someone is born a transfat ? 
  they will just print money . 
  or raid neighbooring bundeslands for goods and slaves . 
  he 's ready to make peace with anyone , as long as they do everything he says . 
  perhaps he did acknowledged him as german . 
  i , for example would n't want a german neighboor . 
  i wonder what excuse will germans use this time ? 
  lazy greeks can not apply our glorious economic thought properly ? 
  to me wording seems clear . 
  to survive you must get x , and to get that you must t that which leads to z. 
  article patronizes and lectures middle easterners . 
  not saying it 's solution is wrong , just stating facts . 
  article clearly lectures arabs on what they should do . 
  yes it still tells what choices should they make . 
  from what i seen on reddit your army is pretty disfunctional . 
  i do n't think you would , even if you wanted to , simply because your military is incapable of offering meaningful aid . 
  it was during war . 
  previous war was supposed to be last huge war , and yet it turned out germans start shit again . 
  it was obvious some people thought that best/only way to stop huge wars in europe is to permanently remove those who start them . 
  after all , if 20 years after `` harsh '' and `` crippling '' peace germans are still able not only to hold on their own , but to take out france , then perhaps they are too dangerous to be allowed to exist ? 
  you misspelled kr\u00f3lewiec . 
  before revelation of holocaust , genocide through non-violent means was controversial , but not unacceptable . 
  just look how many colonial countries treated natives back then . 
  ech , voiewodeship braniborskie and wieleckie would surely make great additions to glorious poland , but to give silesia to czechs ? 
  unacceptable . 
  they are n't soldiers !, 
  they 're officers !, 
  nokia should start making hydraulic presses . 
  firm belief that estonia is nordic . 
  it 's like he wants eu to fall apart . 
  yes , all those pro-latvian russians dreaming of latvian citizenship spending weeks learning latvian glorious language and culture . 
  rude . 
  make europe great again !, 
  for eu the only way to fix anything is by creating new institutions/expanding existing ones and by increasing eu powers and authority in general . 
  will you fight or will you choose your champion ? 
  more like potato revolution . 
  charged ? 
  i thought that will be civil trial . 
  the proposal was even before they were in power . 
  proposal came from citizens , not members of parliament . 
  that is just a speculation . 
  you might as well argue muslims will force this regulations in west too . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  woman can have abortion if she gets pregnant from rape . 
  that 's the way it should be . 
  women or jews are much safer here than in western europe . 
  especially women . 
  i am aware of that . 
  i heard even nigel says they wo n't be simply deported and many of them will be eligible for uk citizenship . 
  i hope they do the honourable thing and renounce their polish citizenship afterwards . 
  yeah , but it will be a propaganda success for west . 
  russia will obviously denounce it , call trial unfair , and refuse to follow the rulling . 
  but then , russia will be again in the spotlight as unlawful tyrant . 
  i never understood why country should care for diaspora . 
  after all , they made a concoscious decision to leave country for another , and pay taxes there . 
  they 're like prodigal sons . 
  i do n't care what happens to them . 
  we 'll shoot uk , and make it pay for bullet !, 
  deserter is criminal . 
  deserter has no right to leave the army . 
  uk has right to leave eu . 
   he asked for almost nothing and almost got it . 
  fix 'd, 
  no , not yet . 
  that was polite reminder . 
  berating will be gin when he will call them racist . 
  if he doesnt want to be in eu with uk , he may always leave and found his own union . 
  yes , more threats . 
  that will surely persuade britons to stay . 
  i wonder how did union survived all these years with people like him on board ? 
  never should have go there . 
  our country might not be wealthy , but at least it 's safe . 
  i have never seen some of my family members . 
  my great grandmother was beaten to death by gestapo . 
  your point ? 
  arrogance is never warranted , just plain stupid . 
  expecting other to blindly emulate and berating them for not doing so is what alienates lots of people from germans . 
  i think he meant funds given by eu to countries that accessed eu in 2004 . 
  kind of arrogant to act as if these money were only german , and it was german decision to give them . 
  as i said , significant part of these lands had polish majority until prussians started their policy of germanization , resettlement etc. 
  it does lead nowhere . 
  we just have problem when germans act as victims . 
  claims are usual response to `` but we gave you so much money '' argument . 
  i was a bit rude too , so i apologize too . 
  yes it did . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e2/rzeczpospolita_po_i_rozbiorze.png and even the `` german land for centuries '' such as kr\u00f3lewiec had significant polish minority . 
  university of konigsberg was founded by polish king . 
  after you took half of ours .
