  eye for eye . 
  look who 's talking about manners . 
  well , then stop acting as if we owe you anything . 
  if you gon na bring that shit up , we bring the past too . 
  it is impossible , because we made a separate settlement considering war reparations with german democratic republic ( communist germany ) there was a recent query ( in 2014 ) to un about poland renouncing their financial claims.reply of un was that no such document existed in their archives . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/expulsion_of_poles_by_germany https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prussian_settlement_commission https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prussian_deportations so if you wan na talk about lands , that 's fine . 
  but then we talk about our people you forced out . 
  your choice , adolf . 
  no , seriously . 
  what is your point ? 
  it is merely settlement in regards to borders . 
   pommer and schelsien never heard of . 
  perhaps you meant pomorze and \u015al\u0105sk , lands inhabited by ethnic slavs for over 1000 years ? 
  where does it says anything about war reparations ? 
  we did n't agree anything with federal republic of germany . 
  okay , you were right . 
  germans must have some mind-controlling waves because i do n't remember anyone in poland calling for that . 
  edit : right , forgot about our expert on oral sex in international affairs , sikorski . 
  guess there was one after all . 
  my sincere apologies . 
  it did , but well , we do n't really owe germany for reconstruction , especially because they still have n't paid war reparations . 
  well , he mentioned you helped rebuilt the eastern europe , as if it was ruined . 
  narrative was that we should be very grateful for your kind help . 
  i explained why there were much destruction . 
  it 's not . 
  part that will be cut down is not part of national park , but it was planted by humans about 200 years ago . 
  well , it 's not our fault they were stupid . 
  they had significant profit thanks to that . 
  now they try to deny us the same . 
  we might be pissed about destroying our national forest , but we 're equally pissed about western hypocrites patronizing our land with `` holier than thou '' attitude even though their grandparents probably cut down ancient forest themselves . 
  i 'd argue about the change . 
  they are still so full of themselves . 
   eastern europe , which germany helped rebuilt how conveniently he forgot about the part where germany destroyed eastern europe, 
  and now hell follows them . 
  how about i give you half of my share if you do all the work ? 
  your money will be well spent . 
  i plan serious investitions into polish alcohol industry . 
  i am looking for someone to volunteer their profits to me . 
  they refuse to speak polish . 
  i am going to use this term from now on . 
  did authorities messed up your furniture ? 
  why switzerland ? 
  send them to poland . 
  that 's because there is no such thing as american culture . 
  only sophisticated nations of europe are priveliged to have culture . 
  i am by no means expert . 
  but when suffering is strong and there 's little hope of improvement it is logical to commit suicide . 
  some people might live for every chance , but for some that is not enough . 
  some people think that they should live and hope for miracle , and anyone who wants to die is `` not thinking straight '' . 
  so if someone wants to die , let him do it civilized way . 
  if he doesnt want treatment he should not be forced to it . 
  i think mental illness is poorly defined concept . 
  when does normal unpleasant reaction turns into mental disorder ? 
  except in cases of illness that actually leave physical marks , the diagnosis can often depend purely on person 's judgement . 
  usually by `` thinking straight '' people mean `` thinking like i do '' if life becomes unbearable , everyone should have right to end it . 
  and everyone do , just allowing euthanasia allows you to do it in more civilized way . 
  poland ? 
  if you noticed recent polish government is not on best terms with tusk . 
  us , as eu . 
  gay benefits ? 
  it does . 
  at what scale , is the real question . 
  those damn violent atheist migrants !, 
  it 's the merkel that got this whole `` turkey deal '' . 
  plans were going to secure borders on our own , supported by tusk . 
  then merkel came up with that deal . 
  you assume anyone investigates it . 
  to us , they 're just bunch of brown people babbling and fighting . 
  this thread is about greek marbles returning to greece . 
  they 're not endangered there . 
  your point ? 
  germany still did not return art it stole in 39-45 . 
  yes , all these isis terrorists in greece make return of marbles very dangerous . 
  they gon na need a better excuse . 
  what now ? 
  ban assault knives ? 
  they do , they recognize there are certain problems . 
  their solution ? 
  more europe , less sovereginity !, 
  that is the problem . 
  norway . 
  they have plenty of oil that could be put to better use . 
  i see / u/detharon already posted links . 
  police estimates that there 's 30.000 people . 
  i think everyone in eu should be culturally assimilated into polish nation . 
  mandatory eu-funded polish lessons would be a start . 
  the trousers were what made us different from hellenistic world . 
  long live the trousers . 
  if countrywide rebellion starts there 's no way us government will be able to crack down on them all . 
  they simply do not have enough forces to do that , remember usa is almost as big as europe . 
  england got ta rebuild hadrian wall , and make scotland pay for it !, 
  just another reason why americans should need a visa before visiting europe . 
  if we would settle debts , i 'm quite sure they would have to pay us more , than we would pay them . 
  also whataboutism is not a valid argument . 
  and , above everything these crimes were not commited by few random individuals . 
  india was not plundered by mick from london , david from liverpool and john from cornwall . 
  these actions were commited by representatives of institutions of british state , which still exists . 
  therefore i see no reason why passage of time would somehow invalidate damages . 
  in namibia , genocide was commited by german army on behalf of german state from which current german state claims succession . 
  you cant claim inheritance with value only and no debts .
