  i can hardly imagine how can anyone `` turn it 's back '' at homeland . 
  it 's like getting angry at house that it falls into disrepair . 
  now this guy does n't earn enough , had job not good enough and decided to get mad at his country and leave . 
  good for hungary , i guess . 
  except the people . 
  i beg to differ . 
  that `` fantastic '' country has brought it upon itself , by voting for the merkel 's kind . 
  border has one dimension - lenght . 
  therefore nothing can fall `` on '' border . 
  it 's either on one side , another side , or both sides . 
  is average lithuanian hipster ? 
  unless event took place simultaneously on both sides of border . 
  if not it 's series of local events . 
  depends on point of view . 
  sanctions are obviously great excuse . 
  are n't all news technically local ? 
  unless something happens in international waters or space of course . 
  poland and lithuania in same colour . 
  that means something . 
  about damn time . 
  maybe eu can handle this crisis after all . 
  it is our destiny to rule whole europe . 
  you have the funniest presidents . 
  remember how klaus stole pen during conference ? 
  poland again . 
  would n't trade it for anything else . 
  jail is temporary . 
  you are arrested and await trial in jail . 
  once you got your sentence , you are sent to serve it in prison . 
  and you burned jews !, 
  aggresive expansion and those damn coalitions ... 
  come on , i did n't even read the article but from comments it 's clear : author mistook jail and prison . 
  eu court probably meant they can not be sentenced to prison term for illegal entry . 
  they can be arrested tho . 
  if they would be imprisoned they could not be deported until their term is out . 
  and that 's good thing - heard of many `` about to be deported '' foreigners that commited crimes just to avoid deportation . 
  i think authors mistook jail for prison . 
  when you stare into an oblivion , the oblivion stares back at you . 
  true . 
  amount of bullshit in their `` documentaries '' is astonishing . 
  not sure i understand impure part . 
  radical protestants . 
  sola scriptura . 
  school is indoctrinating , this way or another . 
  this is only controversial because views they are being taught are controversial . 
  if they would be taught that girls should work and not marry , that homosexuality is awwright there would be no controversy , but it is still indoctrinating . 
  where did i said i support them ? 
  we have done nothing to validate such action . 
  if germany however finds itself unable to cope with our behavior , you can always leave eu yourself . 
  this guy gets it !, 
  we see the issue with them , but we know that `` brotherly help '' can end badly . 
  i only said what people think . 
  most of us is not happy of meddling with tk but we 're not happy because west is trying to `` help '' us . 
  yes . 
  west worships gays muslims and feminists . 
  white christians are like worst nightmare for average westerner . 
  are you sure ? 
  thank you . 
  i 'm doing my best . 
  that 's true , but what westerners do n't understand is that their `` help '' in defense of our constitution is not welcome . 
  most of us agrees however that external interference is unwelcome . 
  not suprising . 
  west is full of polonophobes who hate us for being christian . 
  [ this is what happens to people who have contact with licorice ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=moyv7zmodck ), 
  as long as russians are excluded , count me in . 
  not if you win . 
  it was necessary for peace and stability . 
  these german minorities were used as fifth column and were main justification for war . 
  it was obvious they can not stay . 
  germans only started considering themselves victims of nazis when they lost . 
  as long as hitler was winning , most of them did n't complain . 
  we call it being barbaric . 
  22 correct . 
  because crimes were not commited by state , only people . 
  they should rename kaufland to krautland . 
  you can get castle for about 500k euro . 
  way to ruin a perfectly good castle . 
  so far all they did is deepening reliance on russian gas and handed over key parts of their gas industry to russian companies . 
  and that happened after crimea . 
  well , we found a way to import gas outside of russia . 
  we build lng terminal , and another one is under construction . 
  we will be able to gully supply our country without russia farts . 
  [ we told you about russia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-k3tbz3_q-y ), 
  i always say that people from west never really progressed since 476 and they still destroy and burn everything from nations more civilized than they are . 
  so do i. 
  but whenever i see these `` castles '' completely stripped of any medieval traits i cringe . 
  i will never get over these huge windows . 
  it completely deprives castle of defensive character , it 's basically an oversized bungalow at that point . 
  proper castle should have proper defensive architecture . 
  these are just big houses . 
  if you know someone who does work in such a way , could youask him where can i send my cv ? 
  punishment is for violation of law . 
  if law does n't states something is banned , then doing it is not illegal and does not constitute grounds for punishment . 
  we were always shining beacon of civilization and enlightement in europe . 
  backward westerners destroyed our country for that , and now try to deny it . 
  we 're still not in favour of criminalizing it . 
  thank the germans for that . 
  it was their idea to build pipelines around eastern europe . 
  +0.50 euro has been transferred to your account . 
  i wonder when will they start hiring people to make postive comments on immigration , islam and government of course .
