  i feel youth was actually motivated by theresa may lashing out against human rights , internet etc. 
  from what i saw it seemed like she 's trying to piss off people as much as possible . 
  like she 's actively trying to lose , or trying to gain support of corporate businessmen or authoritarian government officials . 
  not like trying to appeal to young people , or actually any people at all . 
  because they dont have massive army and think of itself as wealthy city-state rather than great empire . 
  trump guard tower ? 
  so they want them to do n't vote , then insist on counting non-voters as `` no '' ? 
  so we end up playing islamic hot potato . 
  they 're true gentlemans . 
  they will always open the door for you and let you pass first , even if that means kicking your ass and throwing your lifeless body through that door . 
  mohammed 's avenue ? 
  if someone would ask me about it , i 'd just say grunwaldzka because that street is in like 95 % of polish cities . 
  i must agree . 
  we , as a nation have rather allergic reaction to threats . 
  threating us with sanction , will likely even increase support for current government . 
  to me there 's a difference between being angry at terrorist attacks , and being angry at how free market works . 
  lost revenue will not compensate lost jobs and lost control . 
  your comparision is inaccurate . 
  it is more `` do catch it and let human hand spoil it , or do we let it fall and hope it does not shatter '' discussion is rather invalid right now , as nobody is cutting anything in forest in question . 
  logging only affects parts of forest outside national park , human planted parts which are 100-200 years old . 
  they might took that as opportunity , and then when backslash came they refuse to back down to save face . 
  well , to me fact that areas in question are not part of national park and therefore not protected is deal breaker . 
  however i also think that `` ecological concerns '' are simply bullshit . 
  you should know too that many scientists in poland question that threat , that woodworm does not threaten national park . 
  also , nobody will cut down anything in national park , only in surrounding areas which are only about 100-200 years old planted forest . 
  most unfortunate indeed . 
  germans are monstrous . 
  truly horrifying . 
  our relationship with germany is most malicious for us , due to gargantuic trade deficit . 
  their nato contribution is knee high to a grasshopper . 
  this shall be transformed , just like proteus transformed while fighting menelaus . 
  does french ambassador wears toga ? 
  but rome was also full of trash in the antiquity . 
  this could be just reconstruction of history . 
  she was also imperialist malevolent cunt . 
  does that also apply to merkel ? 
  maybe trump did n't know you have fantastic relation ? 
  original version of [ national anthem of lithuania ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpn4imiovm0 ), 
  do n't care about bmw . 
  i agree that germany is bad , very bad . 
  like literally . 
  i 100 % agree . 
  secret nato vs russia battle . 
  perhaps someone from paris will know ? 
  so , what 's the french point of view ? 
  just to be clear . 
  you mean yuge donald or our donald ? 
  cejrowski is a journalist ? 
  yes , meme prison . 
  i 'm quite sure it was france/italy, 
  no `` we '' poland did n't attack libya . 
  honestly , if that would be `` 200 and that 's it '' case people would n't bother . 
  but we all know government likes to introduce unpopular laws by small steps . 
  so most people think 200 is just the beginning . 
  historic reconstruction ? 
  what ? 
  it means nothing , but sounds good . 
  with that attitude you 're making progress toward your doom . 
  eu was always about compromise and cooperation . 
  demands and threats are not cooperation , in case you didnt knot . 
  you ca n't start acting selfish , because you have been doing it for a long time . 
  napoleon is dead and french empire is gone . 
  your threats do not impress anyone . 
  only piss people off . 
  yeah maybe . 
  but our new administration might not remove france from our shitlist . 
  all we heard from this macaron guy are threats . 
  why would we even consider talking to him ? 
  just remember , you also have freedom of choice . 
  you may choose not to vote . 
  dont let anyone tell you that you must decide . 
  it 's leaked now due to what we call `` election silence '' . 
  i think . 
  a common mistake - linear view of history . 
  there are plenty of 180 turns in history . 
  our world has been heading away from liberties and civil rights for some time now . 
  depends on the circumstances . 
  if it 's like 40 years later , where i am old and basically waiting for death , then yes i 'd prefer death . 
  knowing piece of shit justice system we poles have i would get very little money , and only after years of court battle . 
  i 'd probably kill myself , likely in the manner involving taking with me as many so-called law enforcement as possible . 
  i agree with idea , but honestly , who the hell he thinks he is ? 
  he 's not even president yet , yet he 's acting as if he was emperor of eu . 
  he could respond with `` france will be lead by man this will be either me or putin . '', 
  you can wait for me in the bastille . 
  not just a monarchist - absolute monarchist . 
  you mean you 're not ? 
  good good , weaken our western rivals . 
  our plan is proceeding as expected . 
  or they are tired of being ignored and patronized . 
  all politicans keep talking about what young people should do , what they need etc. 
  how about listening for once ? 
  i 'd prefer restoration of monarchy an placing bourbon on the throne . 
  will anyone make article about my preferences too ? 
  well , some of the basques never accepted madrid empire , and still want to be independent . 
  but they still were volunteers . 
  yeah , these things happen only in post-soviet dictatorships , like for example canada . 
  it 's not unknown for police to put it 's own men as demonstrators to act aggresive , to gain excuse to attack demonstration . 
  so it 's unlikely they would shoot their own men . 
  i was born in this country . 
  i am polish national .
