  i hate how discussions like this always end up with westerners patronizing `` silly easterners '' . 
  i 'm done explaining anything . 
  if we would accept them , we would show we can be bullied into submission without providing any long term solution thus discouraging any attempt to find such . 
  moral ground is irrelevant in backroom negotiations . 
  i thing you have it the other way around.right now it 's migrants with few refugees in the mix . 
  we are not . 
  we are against uncontrolled non-eu migration . 
  i always feel it is a bit ironic that this argument is used against people who choose to not migrate and stay in their countries . 
  people who migrated are not here , they 're not the ones voicing their opposition . 
  great idea !, 
  we would take these 7000 , if that agreement would be connected with some kind of plan to stop influx . 
  since however europe for some reason can not come up with anything to stop them , this is pointless . 
  if we `` only take '' it means we give nothing back , and nobody except us benefits from our membership . 
  yes he did `` a large eu with members who only take and still complain . '', 
  every time westerners speak out they imply their countries never benefited from eu expansion . 
  we do n't feel threatened by 7000 . 
  but 700.000 ? 
  that sounds fearsome . 
  nobody believes eu that it will end with 7000 . 
  people believe that this deal is supposed to be precedence to ship in hundreds of thousands . 
  that is why opposition is so strong . 
  so you would be ancient punk ? 
  even discounting nearly infinite ways to describe your sex , there are children , animals , and countless species of bacteria or archaea without any biological sex . 
  to them , these normal people are bourgegois , therefore evil . 
  payback for rome 410 ad . 
   only non-men are welcome i dont know why , but there 's something really funny about that statement . 
  czechs , as usual got it all wrong . 
  just as croats . 
  june is czerwiec . 
  august is sierpien . 
  please correct your languages . 
  yeah , since i do n't live in france i do n't have to view concepts the same way french do . 
  ethnicity is not only determined by blood . 
  language , culture , these all play a part . 
  you can be ethnic polish even without having polish parents . 
  my father was also not fully polish . 
  i have dual citizenship , but i spend in other country less than 3 months total . 
  for me , i have only one nationality . 
  for us , ethnicity = nationality . 
  disagreement does not have to mean permanent exit . 
  otherwise most of people would be homeless by age of 5 . 
  history is not one-way road . 
  these duchies were formed in place of once larger states . 
  roman empire fractured into barbarian kingdoms . 
  these fractured due to rebellions and inheritance issues . 
  china cycled many times from unified empire to warring states and vice versa . 
  he should lead by example and give up vatican . 
  if you would be living at the time of dacian wars , whom would you side with ? 
  `` former '', 
  being part of europe is geographical , not political matter . 
  we merely correct those who are mistaken . 
  if the french really want to remain willfully ignorant , it 's their choice . 
  it also explains why they need to import scientists from other countries . 
  well he is independent . 
  he is not part of any political platform , rather political platforms are part of his empire . 
  wild land creates wild people . 
  colonies will always be behind civilized world . 
  nationality is not the same as citizenship , and since nationality is not really a law regulated concepts there are many interpretations of what constitutes nationality , can you be part of more than one nations etc. 
  she was polish , if french disagree with that fact , it 's their problem really . 
  why would descendants of romans ( after all , they named their country romania ) build monument to sworn enemy of rome ? 
  who ? 
  that must be one hell of a shop . 
  european equivalent would be aster . 
  what pisses me off is attitude of british law enforcement . 
  they are to enforce law , not to judge it . 
  they can not ignore law because they do n't like it . 
  completely ignoring the fact we 're hardly helping anyone . 
  so now we 're playing human ping-pong . 
  is this according to eu acceptable solution ? 
  they dont care about your permission . 
  they will attempt to move to germany , even if given above average conditions in poland . 
  what are we supposed to do ? 
  imprison them ? 
  we have some leftover german infrastructure that could be adapted for that purpose , but doesnt that defeat whole idea of `` helping the refugees '' ? 
  stealing union ... wow . 
  now i heard everything . 
  if you do n't like our voice you are free to follow brits and leave . 
  we are as european as anyone else . 
  does that gives you more rights than us ? 
  are netherlands more equal than other european union members ? 
  nothing really changes . 
  if you dont like us , you 're free to leave . 
  so because we welcomed trump we should leave eu ? 
  tell you what , if people in portugal are so bothered by fact that another eu country gives trump warm welcome , perhaps you should have a referendum and leave ? 
  my favourite polish idiom :  you run around like jew at empty store it means :  to wander in aimless nervous manner, 
  we know that . 
  they know that . 
  for some reason eu refuses to acknowledge that . 
   i do n't think greece alone can out weight persian or any other countries influence . 
  the weak should fear the strong . 
  it 's actually rzeczpospolita v2 . 
  legality and legitimacy are two different things . 
  nobody outside of russia believes these fighters are not russians , and people in russia believe anything putin says . 
  he will say `` that was homemade rocket device similar to to rockets hamas is making '' or will simply accuse ukrainians of trying to flood poor crimeans . 
  my impression is that every time we disagree with germany and france we are being branded as un-european etc. 
  like the westerners have monopoly on deciding what is european value and what is not , etc. 
  are we supposed to adhere to certain values because people in west think that is `` european '' ? 
  what about our voice ? 
  we are equally european , our country is older than many western ones . 
  do n't we have same right to decide what is european and what is not ?
