  but on the basic level people remained the same . 
  their brains are wired in the same way as thousand years ago . 
  perhaps some values switched place , but this is merely a flavor . 
  nothing wrong with seasonal workers . 
  i doubt this article counts them as `` poles who will have to return '', 
  there was also screenshot of black german soldier , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  true , but they made a choice . 
  abandon our country in exchange for money . 
  what do they want from us now ? 
  i meant that they could also seek work in other places in poland . 
  there are cities that have lower unemployment rate than uk . 
  by teamkilling ? 
  \u0141om\u017ca is not the only city in poland . 
  i 'm talking in general . 
  people do n't change . 
  individuals may change , but general populace does not . 
  you talk like naive optimist . 
  i 've seen screenshot of black guy in anzac uniform . 
  jeopardized japanese , liberated liberians , charging chinese , brutal brazilians , cool costaricans , cute cubans , glorious guatemalans , hasty haitans , hellish honduranians ( is that correct ? 
  they are part of our society . 
  time is not as important as you think . 
  times change , but people do n't . 
  i believe there 's good chance that if we would be attacked by russia , west would abandon us . 
  germans are already preparing to end sanctions . 
  if sanctions are too much for them , how can we expect our western european allies to actually enter military confrontation for us ? 
  as i said . 
  diffrent kind of flavor . 
  they would kill you afterwards , not wanting to alienate population while enemy is still undefeated . 
  russians were much more savage . 
  both were murderous , and hell bent on conquest . 
  germans were more organized and rational , russians were wild . 
  perhaps there is some economical benefit , but that is only reason why we should support them . 
  they would likely provide much more if they 'd stay in country . 
  fondness of nazis was worthless . 
  they already planned war against japan . 
  it was about a son , that demanded money from father not wanting to wait until he dies , then blew it all away , then returned begging for food . 
  father gives him luxury stuff and launches a party to celebrate his return . 
  second son , is rightfully pissed , as father treats prodigal son much better than the loyal one . 
  they also have much better lives than we do . 
  we dont show solidarity , because history taught us we should n't . 
  our allies will sell us . 
  our friends will turn their backs on us . 
  no one will help us if it will not benefit them . 
  and if it does , they will help us anyway even if we 're ungrateful . 
  we dont owe anything to anyone . 
  now , do you have your answer ? 
  how to put it ... did you read the bible ? 
  i mean specifically story about prodigal son ? 
  even if you did n't , you surely must have heard of it . 
  that 's how i think of them . 
  government of poland 's primary duty is to the people in poland . 
  it should not help anyone else on our expense . 
  generalplan ost predicted that 50 % of estonians would be subject to extermination/deportation . 
  they only did most of bad because they had more time . 
  if germans would have time , they would be even worse . 
  they 're both sons of bitches , just in different flavor . 
  i meant political support . 
  they probably expect polish government to fight to allow them to stay and use british benefits . 
  think of it as moving your business to competition , yet still demanding customer support from previous company . 
  they were raised and educated for society 's money , now they left to pay taxes to foreigners . 
  they earn way more money than us , live separated from our reality yet still vote and have opinion about everything . 
  and , most importantly they still think polish state has to protect and defend them , even though they turned it 's financial back on it . 
  yeah , to me we should only help them if there 's something in it for poland . 
  if not , leave them on their own . 
  i do n't know whenever i should be angry at dice , or laugh at french and russians . 
  funniest thing is that they probably think we care about them . 
  he 's nuts . 
  assuming they would know about it . 
  you could learn from them - and deny everything . 
  wo n't it just accelerate project , and justify it 's existence ? 
  because usually it 's announced by person that gives bounty . 
  based on it 's credibility , people will decide whenever he 's serious . 
  what would they do - emit insulting documentary on tv ? 
  show sad putin on putin24 reality show channel ? 
  have you tried to talk to him ? 
  send him message ? 
  fun fact - you do n't really need their support , all you need is a bit of rocketry and nice pile of u235, 
  threat to mankind is last hope to other species . 
  bounties tend to be announced , after all if no one knows there 's a bounty no one will try to claim it . 
  erdogan stalks you on social media ? 
  if only they were so stern about putin . 
  pathetic or not , it works . 
  stop trying to turn discussion around . 
  russia , is the subject of it . 
  if they would care , then they would do something . 
  they do n't care , so they do n't do anything . 
  there was no coordination and no cooperation between poland and germany . 
  nice whataboutism tho . 
  because they do n't care . 
  lie ? 
  they agreed and carried out military invasion together with nazi germany , not to mention over a decade of jolly cooperation . 
  if lovers start to argue , they do n't stop to be lovers , right ? 
  someone famous should finally say that until 1941 soviet union was axis-aligned state , ally and friend of nazi germany . 
  the total output of butthurt in russia would beat world records . 
  see , everyone , even people who participated in genocides agree that murdering innocents is wrong . 
  the real question is `` who is innocent '' ? 
  sounds right . 
  we will build wall at the bank of odra and nysa and make germany pay for it !, 
  from what i heard that doesnt stop them from trying to restrict your rights . 
  and if things will keep heading in current direction , they will succeed eventually .
