  evil germans destroyed it :(, 
  hand over the wilno and no one gets hurt . 
  this comment will be downvoted because of grammorinophobia . 
  for those that do n't believe , here is sad erdogan http://www.nileinternational.net/en/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/miro-erdogan-sad.jpg, 
  yeah , but now we want to refuse it individually . 
  it gives me membership in a polish club , and it gives me certain rules i have to obey regardless where i am such as `` never cause any harm to your club '' rule . 
  i mean come on , it 's 2016 !, 
  we are safer than americans tbh . 
  just a thought . 
  you 're saying that irish people supported english rule until execution of rebels . 
  sounds like something englishman would say . 
  what if you have bought into `` post rising english propaganda '' with english trying to present themselves as good guys ? 
  if you would read his letters , you would realize he was just as bad as other nazis . 
  he was not against war , racial superiority and other nazi ideas , he was just against losing war , and that 's the reason he did what he did . 
  truly a fitting hero for modern germany . 
  not so secret anymore . 
  muslims do n't form ghettos , since ghetto implies that they are forced to live there . 
  they choose to live with other muslims , so term `` enclave '' is better . 
  well , i did n't know about this and article seems to be updated tuday . 
  not quite , having weed is still illegal . 
  having these pills is legal , just selling them is not . 
  romania is an eu country and is in upper half of hdi ranking . 
  i do n't think it is `` hell '' . 
  well , without proper permission selling them will be illegal . 
  just for seller , that is . 
  buyer will not be punished . 
  so maybe we should start killing people because they 're poor too ? 
  do you seriously would deny life to someone just because of `` socioeconomic factors '' ? 
  it 's not like they have barely enough food for parents . 
  i do , but it seems you do n't . 
  this thread is about so called `` morning-after '' pill after is the keyword here . 
  what they do with their children is not only their business . 
  sex causes pregnancy - one of most fundamental truths about human biology . 
  if you have sex , be prepared to have children . 
  no dodging responsibility for you . 
  it 's just a prank bros, 
  nothing to be ashamed of . 
  politicans are using this argument as legitimate response to privacy concerns . 
  if they would be enough , bombings would n't happen am i right ? 
  cctv in every bedroom !, 
  yes , europe also needs equivalent of nsa and massive wiretapping program . 
  his idea , his initiative . 
  people will either switch to bitcoins for online transaction , and develop a substitute to hand-to-hand transaction , perhaps jewellers will start minting golden or silver coins again . 
  this time without government interference . 
  is n't putin the person to be hanged if this is not done ? 
  uhh , anyone can post text from behind a paywall ? 
  because eu has laws that prevent adding various chemicals for profit . 
  one of few things i really like about eu . 
  if usa wants to have good food , ban use of bullshitol and other chemicals . 
  i have nothing against daffy duck and charlie brown , but banning selfies has my full support . 
  economy is foundation of everything . 
  alternative was civil war between factions . 
  time was different , and our government still did a great job by improving our economy . 
  it was pretty good government at that time . 
  i like eu , but i dislike europeans . 
  eu would have been much better if britain and australia switched places, 
  in poland it is common to call political option you do n't like communists or socialists . 
  members of previous party chanted during re-election of judges `` down with communism '' when pis presented it 's candidates . 
  relevant username . 
  * napali\u0142 si\u0119 jak \u0142ysy na grzebie\u0144 * - ( he ) is excited like bald guy at the sight of comb * potrzebne jak rybie r\u0119cznik * - it 's needed like fish needs towel * tam gdzie psy dupami szczekaj\u0105 * - where dogs bark with their butts ( a very exotic land far away ) * jak masz mi\u0119kkie serce to musisz mie\u0107 tward\u0105 dup\u0119 * - if you have soft heart , you got ta have hard butt, 
  my favourite ones * ciemno jak w dupie u murzyna * - it 's dark like in negro 's asshole * latasz jak \u017byd po pustym sklepie * - you run around like jew at empty shop ( when someone keeps nervously walking around ) * wygl\u0105da jak p\u00f3\u0142 dupy zza krzaka * - it looks like half ass behind a bush ( when something/someone does n't look too well ), 
  they serve traditional food . 
  not necessarily healthy . 
  you 're not alone . 
  sun lovers can go to sahara . 
  darkness gives me a feeling of safety . 
  why does n't britain drive on the right , like rest of europe ? 
  you 're not european/slovakian/grammorin enough . 
  i am shocked . 
  it does . 
  if mother can dodge the responsibility without consulting anyone , why father should not have same right ? 
  did you actually check that he did these things , or just concluded that since he is saud he must be behind these crimes ? 
  guy does n't seem too bad . 
  it does n't looks like he participated in all that stuff , and he indeed has been fighting terrorism . 
  he is nor a king of saudi arabia , just a minister in saudi government . 
  how about you guys check the person in question before accusing him of participating in every bad thing that happened in his country ? 
  * yeah it 's just the leopold guy , we never did anything wrong *, 
  because they still think their colonization was blessing for everyone . 
  because , you know , he 's the hitler . 
  the guy everyone on the internet knows . 
  my idea of how human mind works is diffrent . 
  leaders are not businessmen , they will not compare numbers . 
  they think in categories of power , and money is just one of means to achieve it . 
  power is relative . 
  you dont have to be very powerful , just be more powerful than others . 
  that is why even very devastating war can be acceptable , if enemy suffers even worse devastation . 
  leaders during great war did n't care about money , they were ready to send everything to hell as long as they emerge on top of it . 
  plot twist : 1833 of these are insults that come from one man , who is erdogan supporter with tourette syndrome . 
  well , we did not appear out of nowhere . 
  fun fact : you are more likely to be releated to random guy from 3000 years ago , than from a random guy from now . 
  last ancestor of all living humans is dated to around 180.000-200 .000 years ago . 
  man responds with claim that all his wealth was stolen by mongols . 
  german ministry of finance , refused to comment on case . 
  it does , but that is the point . 
  eu might not exist anymore . 
  well , think about racism in canada . 
  if usa would remain a colony , blacks would likely be in much better position than they are now . 
  so , which end of the horse 's cock is the right one to grab ? 
  true . 
  if moderate politicans keep ignoring the people , they will turn to radicals .
