  it needs less power , not more . 
  this . 
  i ca n't see how will this affect eu . 
  it 's just a prank call bro, 
  i 'm waiting for some witty remark from german fa minister to lavrov . 
  there 's always that striking inability to realize , that you 're not there anymore and here rules might be different . 
  man , i wish i could borrow money then expel the bank . 
  collaboration with enemy tends to have consequences . 
  as if anyone cares what do people want ... 
  we did n't promise anything to czechoslovakia . 
  our countries were rather unfriendly towards each other . 
  on the contrary , france was allied with them too . 
  and then , they sold them . 
  our treaty with france obliged both sides to `` conduct major offensive within two weeks since commencing hostilites '' if you wan na know what french did , go to wikipedia . 
  you did ? 
  because from time to time i see articles about possible fate of missing polish gold from ' 39 . 
  and what is that about agriculture ? 
  i checked wikipedia but found no reference about great polish famine of 90 's . 
  must have been so hungry my brain lacked energy to save memories . 
  we offered them same help they offered us in ' 39 . 
  seriously , it is shameful to ireland that english is more common than irish . 
  as a pole , i approve . 
  we would do good to offer help anyway - directly to countries `` on the frontline '' . 
  sending soldiers , supplies , whatever it is . 
  then we can bash others for not doing enough ,, 
  hahahahahahahahahahahaha, 
  good ? 
  this is not petition like swiss . 
  you just make some fat assholes discuss matter in petition , your petition is not binding for them in any way . 
  swiss petition ensures that subject will be put to popular vote . 
  i 'd say it 's still possible to force change , if you have majority . 
  you can simply cripple eu 's operations and refuse to let any law any agreement pass , until other states will agree to proposed change . 
  there is justice in the world . 
  well , they should n't complain then that they are getting colonized now . 
  that cato part is the best . 
  it is normal that during westernization revolt risk increases . 
  everytime i westernize i get few rebellions . 
  a day of european mourning . 
  if putin wants to avoid his budget crashing he will have to go treasure hunting again ... 
  what ? 
  i dont even ... what is the cause of this ? 
  cameron will be deported ? 
  politically ... well double agents , or at best naive sneaky bastards . 
  they do something ( be it pleasing putin or invite millions of arabs ) they when it fail they try to divide responsibility among other eu states . 
  they also seem to think eu rules do not apply if they do n't like them . 
  where is it ? 
  i already feel the golden fever !, 
  they are the ones messing with us , not the other way around . 
  good . 
  i did n't even know why our leaders insisted that uk provides benefits to immigrants . 
  they 're obviously not contributing to polish economy anymore , and they 're on average much better situated than average pole . 
  well , now i know that they did so just to have something to trade . 
  which law was violated then ? 
  you missed the point then . 
  we talk about double standards . 
  everything in poland was done according to law , so i do n't understand how this can be rule-of-law dispute . 
  i am aware that censorship in swedes is mostly grassroots . 
  still , backslash would be much weaker if newspapers would be honest from beginning about immigration . 
  that is why censorship is always counterproductive in long term . 
  so that 's 12bln a year . 
  not very much countrywide . 
  minimal extent ? 
  poles were majority until germans started ostsiedlung , and even afterwards they were majority in countryside for long time . 
  gda\u0144sk and large part of silesia was mostyl polish for centuries . 
  remember , that it was citizens of gda\u0144sk themselves that choose in xv century poland over germans . 
  hell , even name pomerania and silesia is slavic . 
  how about you remind yourself that these territories were inhabited by polish people too ? 
  germany does the same , by making deals with facebook to censor comments etc. 
  only difference is that while poland controls public media by appointing boss , germany controls most of all medias , by backstage deals with bosses . 
  why would they ? 
  you can easily guess what would be uk 's opinion on subject , so it 's better not to ask at all and pretend you did n't know rather than acknowledge their disapproval but go ahead with it anyway . 
  great empires are born in the fires of war . 
  and what is your country ? 
  because plenty of european states have some kind of board of control or overseers over public media . 
  pis was legally chosen to form government and given right to appoint people for number of offices . 
  this is nothing new . 
  previous people in charge of media were also put into office by then-ruling party . 
  i agree that previous government was far from what was expected from independent state . 
  in my opinion most important thing is national security , which is being threatened by certain state in east . 
  however our initiatives at improving national security were notoriously shot-down by germany . 
  that is why i consider german interest to be contrary to polish national security . 
  in my opinion that is the case with people furiously attacking pis . 
  they have n't done anything illegal , state has right to put it 's own people in state-owned company . 
  hypocrisy and overreaction of many commenters will only give pis more support . 
  that 's what people mean by `` putinbot '' right ? 
  the paid group of kremlin shills known as `` web brigades '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/web_brigades if someone honestly supports pis , what is the problem ? 
  yeah , but it also does n't mean every poster that disagrees with your opinion about pis is paid shill . 
  that was my point , without even judging whenever what pis does is right or wrong , large part of society honestly supports them , and will continue to support them on internet without monetary compensation . 
  double denial . 
  `` does n't mean you ca n't do things that migh seem undemocratic . '', 
  so it means we can do things undemocratic ? 
  because that 's not what i thought you meant . 
  as for criticism , it has little to do with actual concerns about democracy and more to do with concerns about polish obedience to german government . 
  you obviously would be part of your nation 's army . 
  swedes would not be conscripted to slovak army . 
  i do n't even know what are you trying to say . 
  fix your spelling . 
  so , will media start storm every time politican makes a poor joke ? 
  normally that comment about cyclists and vegans would be recognized as joke , but since there is dire need to demonize pis ... 
  another german angry that people do not share his views .
