  rules of the club is not to `` do as merkel/macron says '' . 
  we are fully entitled to have our own opinion , and save for migrants/refugees issue i do not recall any serious instances of us violating eu law . 
  so impression i get is `` we gave you money , now do as we say '' . 
  besides , if people in the west find it so hard to be in eu with us , just a reminder - you can always quit , just like the brits did . 
  i dont get it . 
  are eu funds supposed to buy us ? 
  do westerners really think that because we get money from eu we are supposed to obey germany and france ? 
  they 'll blame italians instead . 
  one day in berlin , so he can have handshake with merkel . 
  we control frontex now ? 
  wow , i thought eu is turning into iv reich but it 's actually turning into iv rzeczpospolita . 
  seems very sudden . 
  modern-day gleiwitz incident . 
  got ta agree with finn on that one . 
  civilization is `` any complex society characterized by urban development , social stratification , symbolic communication forms ( typically , writing systems ) and a perceived separation from and domination over the natural environment , and social domination by cultural elite . '', 
  forbidding large part of society from voting while claiming being democratic is sure asshole move , but it has nothing to do with civilization . 
  also 100 % agree on american comment . 
  there is no civilisation west of 30 ' meridian . 
  trying to slow down invaders , i see now . 
  since western companies pay is usually above any eu minimal wage it wo n't be a problem for them . 
  but for us ... this might be indeed clusterfuck . 
  well , according to what i heard if you will be sent on a job assignment to other country your boss will need to obey that country all labor laws , including minimal wage . 
  edit : here 's article ( in polish ) , showing point of view mostly of our cargo companies . 
  so do important people claim . 
  personally , i have no idea if it 's true . 
  it 's simple . 
  our workers will lose it 's main advantage , also regarding transport one of claims is that our truck drivers if sent from poland to germany will have to be paid according to german standards while in germany . 
  this will again put us at disadvantage in comparision with western companies . 
  it 's nice how you all hate on poland , while french minister threatened to violate eu law if change is not made and westerners are just causing all sorts of trouble and fuss . 
  some would say that all this mess is caused by westerners seeking economical advantage against us . 
  but noo , poland bad . 
  i was thinking perhaps she is planning to do restoration and control government personally ? 
  pretty cosmopolitan forest . 
  not so sure about uk . 
  iranians hold grudge on uk , there is reason they often say in propaganda movies how uk is worse than usa and israel . 
  finland would be paradise for me , if not for mosquitos . 
  i 'd rather be free in poland than imprisoned in luxury hotel or anywhere else . 
  prison is prison , even comfortable one . 
  you sure ? 
  last time i checked poland was no. 1 germany trade partner . 
  keep them in until they remember . 
  well , americans were angry at corrupt elites and rich assholes , and they elected trump . 
  he 's not that pro-european . 
  he is only pro-european when it benefits him . 
  he has mighty big problem with poland and it 's so-called `` unfair economic advantages '', 
  a man of science who is not a scientist but gets rich thanks to ripping off actual inventors ? 
  sounds about right . 
  kind of ironic while musk heads tesla company he is more like edison ... 
  from the poll it seems there are more people that think germany has too much influence than people who think it has too little influence ... 
  i do n't argue about potential , germany has many solid defense companies , but i remember reading article about luftwaffe . 
  while older aircraft like tornado were doing okay , modern ones such as eurofighter suffered from severe logistical difficulties . 
  found it : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/11057330/german-fighter-jets-unable-to-fly-and-mechanics-forced-to-borrow-spare-parts-claims-magazine.html, 
  we all would prefer to be left alone . 
  however , since there 's certain prick in the east rattling his rusty post soviet saber we need to be ready to defend ourselves . 
  military gigant ? 
  were n't their forces ( especially air force ) is very poor logistical condition , with plenty of aircraft not airworthy ? 
  in poland you can choose between our flag or european stars . 
  edit : seems other pole is right . 
  you can not have our flag anymore . 
  very suprising , as there are plenty of cars with flags . 
  which they used to keep their project while forcing other to abandon theirs . 
  where 's european solidarity ? 
  well , enjoy your newfound paradise . 
  you know well that 's an excuse . 
  if you think it 's so comfortable why wo n't you go there yourself ? 
  just steal a car , then go confess and voila , you won at life . 
  a cage is a cage , even if it 's made out of gold . 
  it works much better than your vengeful justice . 
  and due to low incarceration and low rate of recidivism it 's obviously cheap . 
  reported for internet violence . 
  `` i 've consulted fortune teller , and he after fondling goat 's testicles told me weather will be fine '', 
  i always knew decoy midget porn is a valid strategy !, 
  thanks , you 're such a nice person to pay for us . 
  may i send you '' ~ ~ fuck ~ ~ thank you '' card to show my gratitude ? 
  hey vlad , what you 're doing in netherlands ? 
  maybe allies should n't cooperate with enemies then . 
  chinese and koreans still harbor grudge toward japan . 
  also , i think it 's much harder to cross east china sea than mediterranean . 
  just ask kublai khan . 
  he was n't retarded or stupid . 
  just ruthless bloodthirsty and unapologetic . 
  you need to work on your reading with understanding skill . 
  do you think people join them out of the blue ? 
  do you think feelings of resentment for being treated like criminal for no reason takes no part ? 
  of all the people , i thought albanian would know what it is like when you 're taken for criminal just because of your nationality/religion etc. 
  probably for the best . 
  she would likely be questioned and respond with something along the lines `` no magic water tree to extingush fires '', 
  ukrainians should return fire by referring to russia as muscovite republic . 
  if someone would violate your privacy , treat you as criminal and ruin your school year just because you 're albanian would n't you be angry ? 
  honestly , it 's hard not to feel for ahmed . 
  he was treated like a criminal and terrorist even though he had done nothing wrong . 
  no wonder he felt resentment toward western authorities . 
  always thought that was london . 
  is there anything they ca n't make out of soy ? 
  so is this group fighting lgbt hate or hating lgbt ? 
  german government is made up of nicest people in the world . 
  they just want to share the benefits because they 're such a nice people . 
  obviously doctors were involved in this one , since they 're the ones keeping her imprisoned , ( because calling her \u00efnvoluntary patient is some kind of sick joke ) . 
  empire of alexander . 
  every president will be renamed to alexander .
