  if i have to choose between two evils , i 'd rather not choose at all . 
  to believe that it 's crime citizens must feel they 're getting their fair share . 
  when authorities treat them farily , and they can see their taxes improve their quality of life that will change . 
  except they were huge part of brexit voters motivation . 
  they will never stay anywhere without passport . 
  yeah , but you can accomplish these with 2000z\u0142oty . 
  not luxury , but you can live . 
  their education is covered from our taxes . 
  they get something from us , so we have right to expect them to contribute in return . 
  if no , then no . 
  if they want to educate themselves , they can just go to libary . 
  if they want however us to pay for proffesional education , then they have to give something back . 
  if they wan na leave , go ahead . 
  but they should return us the investment in their education . 
  if they wo n't pay well , simply suspend their passport . 
  can i be one too ? 
  i can be polish defense and national security advisor . 
  that makes me happy . 
  it pisses me off when people treat historical figures , like some myths . 
  they were real people too , and deserve commemoration just as anyone today . 
  btw , to those cracking a jokes , if that would be photo of for example holocaust memorial or tomb of unknown woldier would you be joking too ? 
  maybe , but i 'm pretty sure these people already feel that way or simply do n't care . 
  i am aware this will require reinforcements and will be costly and painful , but i feel like show of force is needed . 
  i know collective justice is n't really fair , but until community gets involved these things will happen . 
  swedish police should surround said district , bring reinforcements then conduct full search doors to doors , so that all locals will feel it . 
  maybe then things will calm down . 
  i 'm talking about kind of search brazilian police did before olympics . 
  no , but considering how russians openly exercised nuking warsaw i think getting them is at least worth considering . 
  thanks for warning about our dutch friend !, 
  that might be valid point , if we 're counting emotional damage in reparations . 
  thank god we can count on support of our western allies . 
  we 're already expecting soviet wagons of rust - that 's why we invest heavily in defense and recycling . 
  i doubt anyone would ask russians for permission . 
  so i ca n't defend myself against children ? 
  as i understand it , both children go to prison for child abuse . 
  we do n't have to worry about that anymore . 
  that 's the fun part of brexit . 
  title says it bans all violence , including corporal punishment . 
  to me it says that it bans any violent action against children , nothing excluded . 
  making new law will not help anything , because i 'm quite sure beating to death was already banned . 
  it 's just they suck at enforcement , and legal change will not help that . 
  also , just curious : if all violence is banned against children , what if child will attack first ? 
  am i allowed to defend myself ? 
  what will police do ? 
  are they allowed to use any force ? 
  what did the tea do to you ? 
  what did those poor innocent merchants have to do with king 's decision ? 
  as much as owners of these cars have to do with police or riots . 
  i know how he feels . 
  grammorinophobes keep downvoting me too . 
  is this a meme or is paris really a warzone ? 
  that 's why we would join and stay either way . 
  but if eu will not provide security , we will be less of a european believer and more of a opportunist . 
  i think westerners have no idea why poland joined eu . 
  to us , all this economic bullshit and great benefits was secondary . 
  i mean , it 's always nice to have them , but that 's not most important reason . 
  the reason was national security . 
  more strong international ties would protect us from russia . 
  however , many of us feels like eu is full of countries that ca n't wait to jump into bed with putin . 
  you can hardly say that about uk , but plenty of people raise doubts about french and german commitment ( especially about gas pipelines deal ) . 
  my point is , we will support whoever is willing to help us secure our country . 
  if neither is willing , we will gamble both to get most of it without concerning ourselves about fairness loyalty and stuff . 
  not yet conquered , and even afterwards it was quickly evacuated . 
  i suppose romans depleted groundwater in garamantia too ? 
  octavian did nothing wrong, 
  french actually import slimes from poland . 
  so that 's okay . 
  i have nothing against french . 
  maybe , but not many people know what is happening in romania . 
  operation american freedom when ? 
  save europe union when ? 
  as i reason , this is meant to boost finances sector . 
  that will require division of large bribes into smaller parts , which will stimulate banking sector by increasing demand for their services . 
  very progressive !, 
  even isis can say it 's trying to end the war . 
  by victory . 
  itt : people condemning eu for lack of democracy now call for uk to ignore democratic decision . 
  im quite sure cameron , hollande and ( especially ) merkel are populists too . 
  just a random example . 
  we , europeans dont really care much about your internal affairs and states . 
  i vice versa ,, 
  spqr alone would be most historical flag for rome . 
  it was symbol of authority ( imperium ) in rome . 
  all officials that were equipped with imperium had lictors that carried these bundles with them . 
  some people are more equal than others . 
  is n't it arson anyway ? 
  article implies that they were released . 
  say that again in gaelic . 
  you speak as if it 's different abroad . 
  you are totally right on ideas tho . 
  i bribe shop keepers to allow me to steal food everyday . 
  how can people survive without stealing and bribing ? 
  honesty is certainly a western invention , unheard of west of odra river . 
  unfortunately , they do . 
  they should n't , as they do not bear any consequences of their decision . 
  i 'm sure they already developed martyrology to justify their exodus . 
  good thing however about them leaving , is that their voice does n't matter anymore . 
  they abandoned our country , now they live , work , pay taxes etc. 
  to westminster . 
  that is place where they should seek help , not warsaw .
