  brits still have indian jewels in their crown . 
  they still have infrastructure and institutions funded by what they tole from colonies . 
  yeah , i think they still enjoy benefits of colonialism so they should pay . 
  keep all immigrants detained until they get asylum granted . 
  by god you mean yahwe or vladimir ? 
  i suppose difference depends on how windy and sunny country is . 
  we will also contribute from next budget on . 
  you seem to be not very fond of usa , even though you owe them for marshall plan . 
  as i said , you benefit from expanded eu , and you dont do it out of charity . 
  contributing is n't italian decision , but their obligation . 
  140 troops . 
  wow , thanks , i feel safer already . 
  as for eu budget , it is , as you noticed eu budget , not italy 's charity organization . 
  you get money from it too , and you benefit from eu membership greatly . 
  i have no idea why you expect gratitude from meeting obligations you took upon yourself . 
  it 's like politican expecting gratitude for him running in elections - it 's not like you do it out of charity . 
  oh yes , i forgot about mighty italian divisions keeping russians at bay . 
  can you name one or two ? 
  we didnt receive anything form italy , only from european union . 
  that 's a difference , italians out of their own will would never help anyone . 
  obviously your attitude is `` they did all wrong , we 're just responding to this '' i 'm done with this discussion . 
  maybe because usa did more to keeps us safe than eu . 
  italy expected solidarity by settling foreigners in our countries and refused to consider other options . 
  this was n't solving whole refugee crisis at all . 
  and now your argument goes out of window . 
  i do . 
  send help . 
  yes , we forgot about great italian support for eastern europe , how silly of us . 
  where we would be without italy . 
  i might not be chemistry student , but i know there are explosives simple enough to prepare by an average 12-year old kid . 
  we 're not going to help you , we 'll honor your death tho . 
  if i only knew that when i was 17 . 
  finally someone does the right thing . 
  so , war on italy ? 
  government of poland is governing area of poland and local populace . 
  it represents poles who did not go to uk , who are concerned with their safety and could n't give rat 's ass about benefits of diaspora . 
  as for poles in uk , brits can throw them out to sea , it 's not our problem , these poles willingly choose their state over ours . 
  i see no reason for which we should concern ourselves with their fate . 
  `` we do n't believe this attack was a plot orchestrated by the russian government , '' what ? 
  they are the ones that came to his house . 
  are there people who imply that hungarian police is controlled by moscow ? 
  opole is old name for small community . 
  name of hel comes from before helium was discovered . 
  this was n't government sharing , just public announcement . 
  if they have some information , they should transfer it to our authorities , not just announce it openly . 
  as for `` shit talking '' it is common thing to shit talk everyone else to downplay your own drawbacks . 
  north korea present entire west as impoverished shithole to improve it 's own image among it 's citizens . 
  no , but we should ignore american kettle calling european pot black . 
  if americans issue `` warning '' we should issue all europeans in usa with bulletproof vests , first aid kit and turn all our embassies into bunkers . 
  europeans are still safer than average american . 
  therefore poland is the kingdom of god . 
  since usa is referred to as `` one nation under god '' , usa is now a vassal state of poland . 
  we are the purest . 
  we are the master-race you liar . 
  the point is , people passing these laws are n't really interested in safety other than their own . 
  these laws could improve their public safety , even a little bit but they wo n't . 
  that 's the real meaning of these words . 
  because all these cybervoyeurists at mi5 are not going to search for threats to common joe , but for threats to establishment . 
  besides , if they would actually did their job and make public safer , someone could say that since they 're safe laws are n't necessary anymore . 
  brits are getting more american than americans . 
  trump might be blonde , but he is not swede . 
  unless this is english language international hotline , i ca n't see connection . 
  they need to justify their existence somehow . 
  they need discrimination to justify their paychecks . 
  if they would admit the discrimination is mostly gone , many of them would have to quit politics , find normal jobs etc. 
  i believe even describing electorate as `` facist ' is part of the problem . 
  calling people names because they dont vote for someone you approve is counterproductive and just further alienates and antagonizes them . 
  mainstream politicans and media often called ukip voters as racist , xenophobic etc. 
  and it turned out calling voters names is not a good political strategy . 
  i think they know that . 
  it 's just they dont care about terrorism . 
  not so hard considering what happened after first world war . 
  unprecedented human losses and economic disaster only encouraged feeling of bitterness . 
  plenty of people thought that once occupation zones are gone you will return to your `` natural state '' . 
  and seeing as for most part of cold war many germans believed current borders will not remain and as soon as su falls , everything will be back to pre-1939 state i have to say these fears had some merit . 
  i remember i gave one my mom when i was 5 or 6 . 
  it was bill for help cleaning up . 
  she did n't pay . 
  people like merkel are main source of resentment towards eu . 
  merkel should shut the fuck up , she does not get to decide what eu should do . 
  she speaks as if it was her decision who to sanction . 
  afterwards , people wonder why anti-german sentiment finds justification . 
  clearly , you have never played any tw game online . 
  once enemy captures the walls , you are at a disadvantage since he can use walls as great position to place his ranged units and fire upon the defenders . 
  to avoid that defenders should retreat into fortified position.also defenders can continue to hold keep for additional time , as enemy has to breach two walls instead of one . 
  poland strong . 
  you could say monaco is greater than persian empire because they have guns and achamenids did not . 
  or that colonial empires were shitty because they fought technolgically inferior opponents instead of proper equal rivals . 
  your point ? 
  greatest by territory . 
  by population , persian empire was greatest . 
  only empire in history that had more people inside than outside it 's borders . 
  edit : well ca n't find the same source , and i might be crong on `` more than half '' part . 
  still , plenty of sources give 44 % of global population which was little over 100mln at 480 b.c. 
  democracy has failed . 
  we should keep them even closer , to stop them from going full rouge and allying with equally insane individuals . 
  most likely because they 're frustrated about situation and they 're only ones listening . 
  it was the same in poland . 
  our ex-president famously stated while being asked what to do when your job is very low paying he said `` take loan and change job '' which shows how detached they are from reality . 
  right wing might not be credible , but at least they do n't pretend problems do n't exist .
