  pis won fair elections , it 's obvious that there will be more supporters than opposite . 
  but no strategic importance !, 
  it should remain in uk , so we will be able to destabilize it and stir unrest inside . 
  is lincolnshire of strategic importance ? 
  why whenever `` eu official '' says something bad about poland he turns out to be german ? 
  you forgot it was matter of homegarden security . 
  we hate china ? 
  it sounds like whole planet . 
  that 's nothing new . 
  to stop that torrent , you have to stop seeders . 
  woah , slow down there . 
  that costs money . 
  maybe not simply , but exile was part of legal system for a long time . 
  often as alternative to death penalty . 
  it 's called exile then . 
  putin is the one under sanctions . 
  the only thing he can restore is his retreating hairline . 
  violate airspace more often , or send more empty threats ? 
  of course you were not . 
  after all , commonwealth means it was made up of at least two countries , right ? 
  to me it is obvious . 
  that 's a sad thing when your national identity is about not being polish . 
  latvia is an independent country and does n't needs anyone 's permission . 
  hm , i heard that because of brexit polish influence will weaken , as it will be a part of significantly weaker group in eu . 
  latvian nuclear project when ? 
  and you would like those money for germany , right ? 
  maybe if it would be fair growth of strenght , not just bid for power for few major members then we could agree on stronger eu . 
  we shall replace them with eurobots and ruler world again . 
  instead we should support german takeovers ? 
  or russian ones , as the germany does ? 
   castle that shit is absolutely indefensible . 
  windows are so huge even blind crew will be able to hit it with ballista . 
  i would n't , but that 's not the point . 
  my point was that significance of bia\u0142owie\u017ca is that it remains as constant forest since before human arrival . 
  parts that are cut down are not the same as these . 
  they gave green light to deforestation of parts that were human-planted . 
  primordial parts are untouched . 
  because money . 
  so , has he done anything good ? 
  except that ride on dog chariot , of course . 
  kin jong un respects un so much he even has it in his name !, 
   screen grab of show with russian talk show host dmitry kisilyev who said that russia could turn america into `` radioactive dust '' . 
  quality of life in american radioactive dust would still be better than life in russia right now . 
  also probably lower cancer risk . 
  new russian super weapon will destroy europe by creating massive plague of lung cancer . 
  what next ? 
  will usa try to use mexico as proxy this time ? 
  got ta get dem upvotes , right ? 
  if you really cared , you would send pm . 
  i heard police behavior was pretty brutal . 
  was there any consequences for police officer ? 
  what immigration ? 
  if you 're referring to emigration of poles , i refuse to bear consequences of these asshats . 
  they live better than me , they earn more than me , they have better social system than me , and i should now return the favor ? 
  fuck no . 
  the poles that emigrated , might really owe you , but not us . 
  as for what would happen , i do n't care . 
  these people left my country , they now live on your land , pay taxes to your government and contribute to your economy . 
  i see no reason for which i should be concerned about their fate , the themselves choose to cease to be a part of polish state . 
  this pact is same as previous ones with usa , with canada being a proxy . 
  i never get why natives always get shit for what diaspora does . 
  i mean , they left our country . 
  why do poles in poland are supossed to pay for what they were not a part of ? 
  i am supossed to be grateful for other country allowing someone else ? 
  this was favor to poles in uk , not us . 
  then why not pipeline through belarus or baltics and poland ? 
  easy . 
  because germans only want solidarity when it suits them . 
  sure , as long as you are the one that pays for it and the room is in your house . 
  i 'm sure you would like my company for several years . 
  not sure if this is how the situation looks in germany . 
  but in poland , this is what it would like if migrant resettlement plan would come into life . 
  it might not be reason , but it 's cause of frustration that made people said what they did . 
  of course assuming that it indeed happened . 
  well , it 's understandable . 
  they get so much more than we do . 
  if native would end up jobless without education , government would just drop him . 
  no job benefit , if you havent worked before . 
  no help save for food from charities . 
  and being homeless is really expensive . 
  they get so much more than we do , on our expense might i add , what else do they want ? 
  is this not enough ? 
  no need to be paid . 
  middle finger to russia is pure pleasure . 
  once you let a dog to sleep in bed , he will never again return to doghouse willingly . 
  is that some kind of nazi fast food ? 
  it 's just a cover-up for our ballistic missile program . 
  i understand their decision . 
  this is not best time for ukraine to have a debate about their past . 
  woah , slow down . 
  do you really want to lose some money ? 
  i mean , with these countries serious money come into play . 
  silly things , like human life come in second . 
  priorities . 
  ai comes with solution too . 
  automated gun stations mounted along the road would detect any attempt to cross road outside of zebra and kill any trespasser . 
  for real , this doesnt mean that whenever there 's a pedestrian car will automatically drive toward nearest tree ( it would be interesting in north africa ) . 
  if it can brake , it will . 
  if impact is unavoidable , then problem comes . 
  the french are so lucky to have us .
