  the bridge was built by company owned by minister of construction . 
  in theory ministers are not allowed such conflict of interests but in country controlled by crooks - who cares . 
  ladies and gentlemen , here 's one of projects funded by the eu : movable rail bridge over elbe in czech city of [ kol\u00edn ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kol%c3%adn ) . 
  [ photo of construction ] ( http://byznys.lidovky.cz/foto.aspx?r=statni-pokladna&amp;foto1=nev3b0759_most2.jpg ) , got finished in 2011 . 
  construction of 130 meters long bridge cost 47 million euro ( 3x over budget ) . 
  470 meters long bridge over danube in german deggendorf , built at the same time , cost 10 million euro less . 
  to everybody 's suprise it was later found that the `` movability '' feature was * not * needed , because there are no big ships operating on this river . 
  in two recent polls 75 and 78 % of czechs were in favour of re-establishing border checks . 
  whatever you think about the iron curtain it was effective . 
   peacefully protest then . 
  wo n't work . 
  the situation is not yet dire , we are by nature passive and sort of used to it ( prewar czechoslovakia was corrupt as fuck ) . 
  it will probably blew up one day but we are far from this point . 
  yes , they control institutions and media a prevent anyone from outside to challenge them . 
  but this does n't paint eu any better , they are still their accomplices . 
  try to visit some ethnic ghetto . 
  then imagine how it will look ten times bigger . 
  or read some history , how it ends when you place culturally different people at the same location . 
  i have some hope in poland . 
  they have no smack for national suicide , they are big and strong ( seriously ) and they will be interested in having safe southern border . 
  for this reason they may help us to deal with the worst . 
  modern states will fall and will be succeeded by collection of regions and areas defined ethnically , warring with each other . 
  think south american slums but worse ( no shared language ) . 
  what eu does is handing money to the crooks , fist over hand . 
  ( they probably did not want this but now are too afraid to stop . ), 
  it is next to impossible to do anything again when white collar crime has such a powerful supporter . 
  they could stop eu funding . 
  they did not because they feared ( correctly ) this would strenghten anti-eu feelings in the country . 
  for brussels it was more acceptable to feed the crime . 
  civilisation suicide is not common duty . 
  if germans dream about it , fine , there 's no way to stop them . 
  but why should more sane countries suffer too ? 
  eu feeds it . 
  what was before small in scale grew up beyond imagination . 
  our minister of interior paraphrased this today . 
  `` the roof is leaking and instead of fixing the holes eu tries to redistribute the water . '', 
  yes , the current policy of open borders will result in crash and burn . 
  you are naturally free to experiment with your own country in any way you wish , but please do not blackmail the others to follow . 
  ignoring several referenda about `` eu constitution '' was earlier sign that this utopia does n't work either . 
  for czechs the only acceptable number is 0 . 
  we are not saviour of the world . 
  you seem to believe that humanity means all together jumping down the cliffs , like lemmings . 
  he means gypsies . 
  they were first reliably documented in czech lands in years 1417 and 1421 . 
  some unclear hints suggest year 1242 . 
  yet another example : money `` for science '' . 
  what could go wrong here ? 
  a lot , it turned out . 
  czech republic started ambitious programme to construct 37 modern scientific centers . 
  huge buildings from glass and steel , miracles of modern architecture . 
  the problem is that there are no funds to hire people and for equipment . 
  one of the centers ( medicine ) already bankrupted and had to be bailed out by the government . 
  another ( psychiatric institute , 1 bn czk for the building ) lacks equipment and can pay salaries only until the end of 2015 . 
  because of such things eu is perceived more as total failure than the noble saviour , as you seem to believe . 
  such a waste is common for eu funded projects here . 
  overpriced white elephants , sometimes even abandoned or closed just after they are finished . 
  mittal , veolia , siemens and other multinationals . 
  nice solidarity here ... 
  i think nobody the czech republic hopes anymore that eu will be able to fix our corruption . 
  not feeding it would be nice , however . 
  no , but it would be much more modest . 
  one example : during the 90 's ruling party sold national telecom , company with millions of customers , lawful monopoly and all the infrastructure . 
  they collected 180 millions czk on their swiss account as a bribe . 
  ( nobody got punished for this . ), 
  month ago one of 14 regional rulers was sentenced for corruption and frauds . 
  he plundered eu subsidies on health ( overpriced equipment for hospitals , reconstructions of buildings ) and repairs of several castles . 
  estimates how much he took for himself reach hundreds of millions . 
  eu 's fault is that they closed their eyes to corruption here . 
  they would have to admit that not everything is perfect and that 's impossible for the utopia . 
  supporting corruption seems better option for them . 
  imo eu is defunct utopia and countries would be better w/o it . 
  czech elites are corrupt to the bone . 
  everyone knows it , there 's 25 years of experience . 
  eu choose to put head into the sand and to shovel money to black hole . 
  i guess because of prestige and fear of loss of face , they are unwilling to admit any mistake like old chinese emperors . 
  eastern europe lacks saviour complex . 
  germany fucked up , germans should suffer . 
  their choice , not ours . 
  when utopia turns into nightmare it is rational to flee away . 
  few years ago an audit found that 42 % of money on transport infrastructure from eu funds were misspent . 
  overpriced highways ( which have to be repaired after few months or years of use ) , moveable bridge on a river w/o ships , cycle tracks which cost almost as highway ... eu funds became synonym for corruption and waste here . 
   i 'd like to know why firing ranges always have such horrible websites . 
  [ nobody beats these ] ( http://web.archive.org/web/20070704055446/http://sweb.cz/ssksezemice/ ) . 
  very original background made of stars moving around was , unfortunately , not preserved by the archive . 
  hmm , i searched the web and found a [ range ] ( http://www.strelnicedrahany.cz/main_weapons.htm ) where they allow you to shoot from a military machine gun . 
  but perhaps it is modified to do single shots only . 
  i think they often lend guns there . 
  some ranges may have even automatic weapons , something not available privately . 
  in the czech republic policemen now take a look into the cars on the border , to check for illegals . 
  czech gun laws are pretty liberal but we still have much less privately owned guns per head than e.g. 
  ultra-strict germany . 
  one of the reasons is economy : eastern european salaries and * higher * prices of manufactured goods than in western europe . 
  the suffering was also very localised . 
  some areas were decimated , at the same time their neighbours prospered . 
  prague , for example , was spared of the worst throughout the war , until the very end when swedes attempted to conquer it and looted its treasures . 
  it was not total war in modern sense . 
  those will learn not to go to europe . 
  gypsies , arabs and albanians were the least likeable . 
  bosnians would probably fare much better , should anyone ask . 
  if germany goes under it is likely that czech republic will follow due to side-effects ( our ruling elites are unbelievably incompetent ) .
