  the main constraint on media are money . 
  traditional sources of financing ( ads , state , political parties , subscription ) mostly dried up and readership declined dramatically ( internet is one factor ) . 
  majority of newspapers is now owned by oligarchs , who operate them , at loss as a pr device . 
  true . 
  i just wanted to remind that iron curtain did n't look like a scene from a dystopian movie , place strewn with dead bodies . 
  it is not praying , it is what many expect to happen sooner or later . 
  violence , death , segregation and oppression will be the main consequence of open borders and next to no one wants it . 
  we ( most of the czechs ) are not bleeding hearts , we want to have nothing in comon with this craziness . 
  it worked because it was well known risk . 
  in czechoslovakia about 300 people died while trying to cross the border ( mines , el . 
  fence , shot ) during ~ 40 years , most of them during the 1950 's , period with lot of violence and unfinished fence . 
  number of attempts to cross the fence later dropped to handful of attempts a year . 
  few thousands and many of the assimilated . 
  few thousands and many of the assimilated . 
  it was more less expected ( though not * that * soon ) . 
  our pm is a weakling on his way out of politics . 
  the only dream he can afford is a cushy job in the brussels . 
  the de-facto pm is an oligarch who is the largest repcipient of agriculural subsidies in the czech republic . 
  w/o eu he would be long bankrupt . 
  now we have to hope that something will happen soon enough ( germany will close the borders , mass violence somewhere , etc ) what would retire this great idea of sharing the house fire fairly among all tennants . 
  the opinions of relevant talking heads i read claimed that in southern europe disadvantages of euro will prevail over advantages , this will be clearly visible to anyone and these countries will leave for their own good . 
  it would be probably good to keep eu as some kind of common economic area . 
  unfortunately the crazies ruling it just now do everything to destroy it completely . 
  all utopias sound good , that 's their definition . 
  here , in the czech republic we tried ( or had been forced to try ) few of them , small and big , it did n't work , we wish no more experiments on ourselves , thankyouverymuch . 
  `` foreigner means danger '' is simply historical experience . 
  and we are not ready to believe in the end of history ( tm ) and eternal summer without end ( tm ) . 
  we actually think that you are naive fools who will soon have to suffer . 
  ( by `` we '' i mean dominating view in the czech republic , by `` you '' people who opened their hearts not thinking about consequences . ), 
  one consequence of `` foreigner means danger '' is that we do not care very much about the others . 
  we are not responsible for problems of southern europe , we are neither their mentors nor deus ex machina . 
  they should fix their problems by themselves . 
  we also do not expect the others to reciprocate and not to force their ideas on us . 
  here the eu is seen as tool to get better economy , not as creator of the * new european man * ( tm ) , thankyouverymuch . 
  we had to try this before and it did n't work . 
  look , that 's called historical experience . 
  czechs did n't go around looking for peoples to subdue , they were almost always the victims . 
  it may be bit hard to understand , but every nation is a somewhat different , that they do not fit into single mold . 
  crooks and fraudsters would be left dry , sure . 
  the others ? 
  they will probably not notice . 
  yes , i believe nations are different , that they do not fit into some procrustean bed . 
  one difference can be easily spotted : czechs do not suffer from complex of superiority and do not push their ideas to unwilling others . 
  being left alone by the crazies , bullies and utopians of every kind is their dream . 
  if someone does n't know what are the effects of krokodil : [ nsfw & nsfl video , extremely graphic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_blspooku7c ) . 
  time-tested idea , hitler thought exactly the same . 
  czechs are no brits used to dominate other cultures . 
  here foreigner means danger ( there are some exceptions but not relevant to the current debate ) , not opportunity . 
  our history is reason for such attitude . 
  i do not know if this could be explained in few sentences , perhaps one would need to live here for some time to understand . 
  so far they are cautious to express anything binding . 
  the president `` hopes '' that the planned meeting of pms next week will drop the current decision . 
  de-facto pm babi\u0161 tweeted :  it looks that in few years hungary , slovakia and the czech republic will remain the only free and normal countries , if they stick together . 
  but no word what he plans to do . 
  what is the position of sarkozy on the eu ? 
  i expect this is changing right now , the attitude toward the eu . 
  these good people from brussels are helping as much as they can . 
  eu funds mainly fueled corruption and white elephant projects . 
  i would welcome this . 
  however it takes time in politics to catch up people 's wish . 
  at least one election cycle . 
  france under marine le pen would probably get out before us . 
  closed borders like the old iron curtain . 
  it was very effective to stop people getting out , it would work against trespassing intruders . 
  this is true political fantasy . 
  big guy not doing decisions in its own interest ? 
  in europe ? 
  and you are even suprised that reality has no mercy with such fantasies . 
   this quota will have no effect on the lives of 99 % of people and i fully expect most will forget it even exists once the crisis is over quotas are central theme in czech media and frequent topic of everyday discussions among the people . 
  you underestimate how much a small homogenous nation is willing to protect itself against this kind of disaster . 
  european project was seen here with much of suspicion and today 's decision will strenghten this position a lot . 
  italy did ignore eu rules ( about the immigrants , by sending them north ) for years and nobody cared , at least publicly . 
  small and poor country does n't wish to be overwhelmed by aggressive hordes . 
  they will just follow well-tested example . 
  why should they care about current fantasies of mama merkel ? 
  next week/month she may turn around and close the borders . 
  several their politicians did : to close external borders . 
  during summer some high level eu official estimated that in libya 500,000 - 1,000,000 people are waiting to get into europe . 
  one election cycle , at least . 
  but i expect the eu will be half defunct by then . 
  schengen will fall , few countries will leave euro , some will stop to contribute into eu funds ... 
  do you want to see some polls ? 
  that 's the privilege of big rich countries , to make the laws and then to display their virtue by obeying them . 
  the little guy has to survive somehow . 
  take the euro : we did n't adopt it , more because of incompetence rather then of bright foresight . 
  now we pat ourselves on the back , how we managed to escape possible dangers . 
  as we ignored this we may ignore that ... 
  i do not see the hypothetical eu breakdown as cataclysmic event where all commerce is cut down , foreign ownership nationalized overnight , laws changed to the exact opposite and so on . 
  more likely countries will selectively drop this or that ( schengen , euro for some ) , will `` temporarily '' stop to contribute into eu funds , domestic laws will be lifted above eu laws , more bilateral treaties , etc. 
  eu institutions may formally exist for long time but will be virtually toothless . 
  something like holy roman empire in its later phases . 
  it will be cheaper !, 
  czech koruna will devaluate ( to dm ) and once again german retirees will flock here for lunch . 
  ( right now many czechs go shopping to germany - it is both cheaper and of better quality . ), 
  probably yes ( they talked w/o being that specific ) . 
  when we loose we will recall and then delay and ignore and lie and so on . 
  the situation will completely change in the meantime ( german may blow up or something ) and the old great ideas will be abandoned . 
  we will probably do what small countries always do when bullied . 
  we will lie , we will ignore this and that , we well delay everything , we will complain , we will point to someone else as guilty . 
  nothing noble or principled but it works for the little guy who wants to survive .
