  it also licence build vver nuclear reactors , even exporting them ( e.g. 
  for hungarian plant in pacs ) . 
  this ability was all but destroyed in the 1990s . 
  edit : typo . 
   high-tech stuff does n't get manufactured in china i bet the computer you use right now is made in china . 
  or the phone . 
  and all the routers along the way . 
  croatia according to [ local statistics ] ( http://www.czso.cz/csu/2013edicniplan.nsf/c/a5004119d9 ) , slovakia according to [ eurobarometer ] ( http://data.blog.ihned.cz/c1-59822250-kam-jezdi-nejvic-cechu-a-kam-miri-turiste-z-eu ) . 
  ** czech republic ** * spring is already here . 
  * two weeks ago a baby elephant , first in the country , was born in zoo ostrava . 
  they are still trying to convince it to ~ ~ suck ~ ~ suckle its mother . 
  in the meantime it is fed by a substitute . 
  * one of the bosses of organized crime was taken into custody . 
  [ en ] ( http://www.ceskenoviny.cz/news/zpravy/court-bans-accused-businessman-rittig-from-leaving-czechrep/1043467 ) . 
  he started his career during the communist regime when he embezzled money from a supermarket . 
  got 9 years in prison , was freed after 4 on president havel mass amnesty . 
  quickly caught the new winds , made many friends among the top politicians and participated in bank frauds and giant contracts for the state . 
  to avoid paying taxes he became resident of monaco . 
  after two days in custody he was set free . 
  the authorities keep his passport . 
  * mayor of brno , the second largest city in the country , ordered facebook to shut down a very popular page criticising ( by using satire ) corruption and incompetence among city authorities . 
  he claimed copyright violation by using city logo . 
  two other critical pages were shut down too . 
  * an aside : this mayor is a very lucky chap . 
  few years ago , in a dancing ball lottery , he won second prize - a luxurious tour to egypt . 
  the first prize - a car - went to the boss of south-moravia region . 
  out politicians are truly fortuitous people . 
  * highest court ( one of several we have ) decided that vaccination of children is mandatory . 
  avoiding it will result in small fine . 
  * the next day after referendum in switzerland a newspaper asked top czech politicians whether they would like to set up similar limits in the czech republic . 
  answers of the politicians were thoroughly evasive , pointing out that the brussels blocks any individual action . 
  in online questionnaire under the article 88 % people voted for immigration limits . 
  * czech republic is failing to draw from already assigned eu subsidies . 
  last year 10 billion czk ( ~ 350 million of euros ) were lost , this year it may be up to 24 billions czk . 
  in the worst case it may be up to 100 billions czk in 2015 . 
  according to a minister czech republic is the least competent here among the eu countries . 
  yes , this happens in the czech republic too . 
  these people invariably stop all contacts with gypsy community , change their names , claim to have south-european origin etc. 
  they do not see themselves as gyspies anymore and neither does the society . 
  the linked article and the discussion here , however , is about the others . 
  you call it forceful . 
  the alternative was to leave them to rot in their slums , kids w/o schools , making 100 % of their living by stealing . 
  this is how it was between the wars and this was n't big success either . 
  no one in the world had found how that mythical `` actual integration '' is supposed to look like . 
  edit : between the * wars *, 
  wages stagnate , prices grow up , especially food prices . 
  the unemployment level is record high , though not yet on level of big crisis in the 30 's or greece/spain level . 
  no to be undone , czech republic has such a place too . 
  it is called chanov and like lunik ix it was initially intended to be a settlement where natives and gypsies will live in harmony . 
  current ( few years old ) photos e.g. 
  [ here ] ( http://zonards.blogspot.cz/2011/08/chanov.html ) . 
  this * theory * is not based on reality . 
  czechoslovakia was for some 40 years ruled by the communists . 
  they believed gypsy problem is merely social and can be solved that way . 
  change their economical and social conditions and they will surely change their behaviour , in short . 
  every gypsy had to be employed ( everybody has to ) and manual labour they usually did was ( for ideological reasons ) paid much better than e.g. 
  technicians or teachers . 
  the state even set up special projects fitting gypsy distaste of direct supervision by the gadje ( e.g. 
  massive drainage of agricultural land in 70 's and 80 's ) . 
  their kids had to go to schools ( massive change , almost none did between the wars ) . 
  antisocial behaviour was not tolerated . 
  criminality was kept extremely low . 
  ghettoization was not allowed . 
  subsidized flats were given in the middle of cities . 
  settlements were created where ethnic czechs or slovaks would live in harmony with the gypsies . 
  lunik ix was one such settlement . 
  at the end it did n't work . 
  some ethnic gypsies do asimilate into the society but their numbers are low and they do * everything * not to be associated with the gypsy community . 
  initially , it was enough for canadian authorities to prove you are a gypsy , then asylum was granted automatically . 
  after this information spread out authorities took stricter and stricter position and eventually practically all applications were refused . 
  many , possibly most of those who managed to obtained asylum live in hamilton , toronto . 
  someone from there estimated their number to about 4,000 . 
  some surely assimilated , some did not a well known negative case is * 66-year-old panhandler margita bangova , known as the shaky lady * , covered by several articles in toronto sun . 
  in 1997 a czech tv made an interview with her in toronto . 
  she described easy life she had in canada and called her clan to come there too . 
  this event caused the first wave of gypsies and subsequent re-establishment of visa duty . 
  ( a similar tv report later started another wave to britain . 
  britain then sent an officer to prague airport and he forbade gypsies to board planes to london . ), 
  edit * stronger * -  * stricter * . 
  few westerners did move to czechoslovakia for ideological reasons ( frex a british chemist or the italians who transmitted a radio propaganda back to italy ) or because of a girl ( don sparling from canada who then taught english in brno for decades or one american pow from korea ) . 
  czechs themselves are by nature disillusioned and sceptical to everything , then and now , so it is no suprise the foreigners lost their ideals too . 
  i can offer quite a different view from the czech republic . 
  here it is the gypsy kids who are generally viewed as dangerous . 
  responsible parents do a lot to place their own kids to primary schools without the gypsies . 
  for example camping overnight before a school on the day when children are registered or temporarilly changing their residence so that the desired school has to admit their kid . 
  it did indeed happen . 
  they stopped requiring visa in 1996 , then about 1,500 gypsies from the czech republic asked for asylum ( some obtained it ) . 
  canada reestablished visa in 1997 . 
  visa duty was droped in 2007 , vawe of gypsies ( estimated to be cca thousand ) asking for asylum followed ( almost none was granted ) . 
  since 2009 canada again required visa . 
  in 2013 the visa duty was dropped again . 
  this time the czech republic was put among `` safe countries '' and asylum seekers from there are to be refused automatically and deported speedily . 
  majority of the natives wo n't see any improvement in their salaries . 
  all of them will immediatelly feel increased cost of living . 
  it increases living costs for the locals . 
  loosing just one part of the empire would encourage centrifugal tendencies elsewhere . 
  hungary was already on the track toward being independent . 
  austria-hungary had feared of serbian wishes to to create unified south-slavs state . 
  it would mean total collapse of the monarchy . 
  czech republic also does no rush for euro .
