  when media refer to romanian gypsy criminality they always use word `` romanians '' . 
  it must feel like land full of criminals . 
  czech republic had ( finally ) started to evacuate ethnic czechs from ukraine . 
  these are remaining descendants of czechs who moved there during the 1880s . 
  their number is estimated to few hundreds . 
  in musical form : [ vivat slovakia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kirvy5ica4 ) , 1994 hit . 
  [ entry of the gladiators ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_b0cyoao8y0 ) . 
  in late 1990 's several countries re-established visa duty for slovaks , because of the gypsies . 
  britain , belgium , scandinavians , ... 
  it was dropped only after the entry into the eu . 
  it 's not exactly healthy for a small economy to depend on a single product . 
  this wo n't include inhabited areas . 
  the border are mostly mountains . 
  could there be a tl ; dr to the 2 hour documentary ? 
  * [ czech ] ( http://www.clearwisdom.net/html/articles/2011/2/19/123340.html ) *  peter , a young czech interested in chinese culture who became a falun gong practitioner, 
  i guess you were student or a specialist and mainly met people in pre-arranged environment , people in the same position , with similar interests etc. 
  soldier of fortune would have different experience . 
  unfortunately the current flow is more like the latter . 
  yes , they are different , vastly different , and this always meant conflict . 
  history did n't stop because we have computers . 
  21st century is a number , not a new breed of man . 
  the most noble ideals are not safe against reality test . 
  we ( europe ) are going to have wars again . 
  no amount of wishful thinking or denial will change the course . 
  anyone remebered this old video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spzks-nldvg, 
  small town mayor received some kind of immunity , diplomatic or not ? 
  number of arrivals is growing due to expectation that germany will have to close the door at some time . 
  who will be quick enough wins the lottery . 
  i do not think it will ever go down , except for periods of extreme weather . 
  i am in my mid-forties , worked in several countries and do not drink alcohol . 
  i just do not subscribe to crazy ideas . 
  it probably has something to do with the age , being skeptical about fads and campaigns - i was much more gullible in my youth . 
  unfortunately , never learned the ability to discover detailed personal characteristics over the internet tubes . 
  a competent organisation would stop funding the black hole , knowing and accepting risks of such decision . 
  incompetents are afraid of `` loosing the face '' and shift the problem into the future . 
  now we have few highways , many raths and instinctive distrust about everything . 
  what do you by `` informing '' ? 
  not informing about corruption scandals ? 
  painting the bans in positive light ? 
  speeches of eu dignitaries all over newspaper front pages ? 
  it did n't work for the communist rulers in the past . 
  reality eventually prevailed over wishes and dreams . 
  i heard nurses complaining about the new thermometers . 
  but who cares , old model killed thousands and thousands . 
  victory has a thousand fathers , defeat is an orphan . 
  czechs eating shit has surely nothing in common with the eu . 
  suddenly the avalanche of regulations and laws and edicts means zilch , they had no influence at all . 
  50k weekly ( and still growing ) suggests at least 2,6 million per year . 
  then there 's italy and other less known routes . 
  add family reunification . 
  what you dismiss as small problem i perceive as inevitable trend toward ethnic wars on every corner . 
  only time will show ... 
  did you notice any sign that the current flow got stabilized , diminished or even was ready to stop ? 
  just now i read about record numbers in greece . 
  the problem is that eu knows what is going on but for political reasons they decided to act as if nothing happened , thus fueling the corruption . 
  quite a few , working in it . 
  i did met arab students at the uni , my father did too , definitely something not to be repeated . 
  czechs do have long and deep experience with gypsies . 
  arab students were ( and still are ) quite common . 
  we are just not sufficiently brainwashed to pretend that 2 + 2 = 5 . 
  these countries took them because it advantageous for them , not because of some `` solidarity '' . 
  there were certainly not held at knifepoint . 
  germany blocked its labour market for 7 years . 
  we do not want refugees because they are danger . 
  if other countries want to do crazy experiments on themselves , well , their choice . 
  but leave us out of this suicide pact . 
   slide back you probably overestimate positive effects of eu membership on our economy . 
  it is not all songs and roses , believe me . 
  and yes , anything would be better than being flooded by hordes of cutthroats . 
  incredibly long string of corruption scandals related to eu funds . 
  idiotic bans of trivial items ( like traditional medical thermometers ) pushed by 12 year old minds from brussels . 
  becoming garbage bin of europe ( notably the food ) . 
  constant nagging about the gypsies . 
  superiority is the very last thing one could think about . 
  the problem is that current ruling politicians all dream about cushy job in brussels . 
  to change this would require at least one election cycle . 
  yes . 
  it is not 500 or 5,000 refugees but potentially infinite number forced upon us by mama merkel . 
  this danger is much worse than the access to corrupt eu funds . 
  it is much more likely eu will break down much before czech politicians pull out their heads from the sand . 
  while majority of people fears eu craziness so far no significant political party has czechout as part of their programme . 
  they are not asked for help but to enter a suicidal pact , in their eyes . 
  little wonder there 's not much enthusiasm for this . 
   just prepare trains and send them to our border this is what slovakia and the czech republic proposed several weeks ago , before the fence . 
  to set up obstacles free `` train corridors '' from hungary to germany . 
  i do n't know why it did n't fly . 
   go to czech republic czech language is very hard and unless you can afford to live in an english speaking bubble you 'd need it . 
  most ended up in german paradise . 
  according to czech language [ article ] ( http://zpravy.idnes.cz/cesko-nevyhostuje-nelegalni-migranty-kritizuje-evropska-komise-phw-/domaci.aspx?c=a151020_074248_domaci_san ) from today it is 87 % in the czech republic . 
  in 2014 only 320 out of 2,460 were deported . 
   self loathing mentality i think you underestimate incompetence and corruption among czech ruling elites . 
  they managed to fuck up much before the actual research started . 
  i 'll give you another example from nearby . 
  somebody got a great idea to set up technological park in city of [ pardubice ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pardubice ) . 
  it was intended as `` incubator '' for young entrepreneurs in high-tech . 
  eu funds were used to finance such obvious good . 
  it was total failure . 
  the object stayed almost empty . 
  very high rent plus economic crisis . 
  rigid eu rules prevented it to be used for someone else than the startups .
