  this `` nobody had anything '' is exaggerated . 
  yes , there were no rich people ( save few cronies and handful of top artists ) but there were no poor people either . 
  in the czech part of czechoslovakia people from cities commonly owned a `` weekend house '' ( a house or a cottage in a village ) . 
  that 's not exactly sign of poverty . 
  and criminality . 
  in former czechoslovakia criminality was very , very low compared to today . 
  curiously enough , number of police ( both uniformed and plain clothed ) was somewhere betwen 1/2 - 2/3 of current staff and back then they had to handle passports and driving licences , today they do not . 
  people remeber full employment and very low criminality a compare it with rather catastrophic situation today . 
  nobody 's nostalgic after single party system or propaganda . 
  czech republic is not growing and even before the 2008 crisis the growth was anemic and mainly driven by debt . 
  actually , in recent years it fares worse than every neighbour . 
  criminality in prague is the [ highest ] ( http://www.prvnizpravy.cz/zpravy/z-domova/v-cesku-klesa-kriminalita-v-praze-se-krade-nejvic/ ) in the country and is dominated by foreigners . 
  most do n't care . 
  there are many worse problems related to eu than a piece of clothing hanging somewhere . 
  selling abroad cheaply ( or for negative price ) and buying from there for a high price . 
  what could possibly go wrong . 
  capacity of these plants in germany is about 7 gw . 
  that 's not enough to replace baseload power stations . 
  czechoslovakia does not exists on the map . 
  in reality there were some half-hearted diplomatic attempts to obtain [ kladsko/glatz/k \u0142odzko region ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/k%c5%82odzko_county ) back to czechoslovakia , possibly even improving defense against germany by moving the line down the border mountains . 
  silesia and bavaria was not even fantasized . 
  czechoslovakia also sent its troops to few czech inhabited villages in today 's poland ( around [ ratibor ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racib%c3%b3rz ) ) in 1945 , the intention was to annex them . 
  the coming war was avoided because stalin said `` fuck you '' and cz army returned home . 
  the same happened with many barracks of czech ( oslovak ) army . 
  once massive army ( 200 thousand strong in 80s ) was decimated during the 90s and left many locations . 
  buildings there were invariably looted and devastated . 
  it was extremely chaotic time - huge sums were invested into military projects that failed but buildings were left to rot and then sold out for pennies . 
  software had managed to eliminate some skilled desk jobs and replace them with unskilled ones . 
  instead of accountants who know their trade inside out you now have people who click buttons and have no clue what happens inside . 
  software has so far failed to eliminate desk jobs . 
  the * extremely stable czech banking sector * had collapsed during the late 90s and early 2000s ( dozens of banks went down , the second largest bank was nationalized overnight with heavily armed commandos breaking in to enforce it ) and had to be rescued by huuuge government money ( [ estimated ] ( http://www.novinky.cz/ekonomika/51177-zachrana-bank-a-podniku-stala-cr-600-miliard-korun.html ) to 600 billions of czk by finance minister in 2005 , numerically about 50 % of yearly state expenditure now ) . 
  the once mighty industrial base withered away . 
  this is a long story , i can expand on this . 
  nominal average wage does increase but the real wage ( adjusted to consumer prices ) keeps stagnant for last decade ( a relative success , during 90s it went down ) . 
  [ statistics ( in czech ) . 
  ] ( http://www.finance.cz/makrodata-eu/trh-prace/statistiky/mzda/ ) the export part of the economy is powered by low added value manufacturers who did n't found someone cheaper yet ( e.g. 
  foxconn which moved final assembly of computers here from ireland ) . 
  the high-value industry with own r&d mostly disappeared ( skoda car is notable large exception ) . 
  the debt was around 15 % of gdp in early 90s ( and slightly decreasing ) . 
  it is now over 43 % and growing very fast in recent years . 
  [ czech wikipedia page with graph ] ( http://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/st%c3%a1tn%c3%ad_dluh_%c4%8cesk%c3%a9_republiky ) the only * positive * in current situation is that czech rep. serves as low-cost manufacturer for germany and their economy is not going down easily . 
    we already had to sink 1 billion of euros  so tired of this attitude . 
  i suppose this is why we ca n't have a nice union exactly . 
  dreams are dreams and do n't fit reality well . 
  and when such countries are simply not able to fix it ? 
  they you get bankrupt states and massive corruption . 
  i 'll tell you one consequence of entry of the czech republic into eu . 
  massive transfer of money from the eu resulted in giant corruption . 
  politically connected crooks suddenly started to rake in billions . 
  we got the costliest highways in europe ( and yet , after one year they need massive repair ) , bridges from nowhere to nowhere , huge money are wasted on idiotic programmes . 
  statistics and reports for the brussels are routinely cooked by local authorities . 
  some countries are culturally unfit for eu or euro and trying to push them there results only in disaster . 
  the czech economy is slowly but steadily deteriorating . 
  the times of plenty and stability are long over . 
  with euro we would be now in situation of the baltics - even higher unemployment , collapse of social services , mass emigration ( still very low among the czechs ) . 
  we would be paying hand over fist for greece ( we already had to sink 1 billion of euros ) . 
  euro may be advantage for highly developed countries like germany , finland or austria but not for states in decline as the czech republic . 
  it is disaster for the whole south europe and will likely spread further . 
  not just euro but policy of the brussels . 
  should countries like czech republic join the euro the overall situation would be even worse now . 
  in addition to greece etc they too would be bankrupt a begging for money . 
  well , you can not say it is success , ca n't you ? 
  when they joined eu they could n't know euro will become such a disaster . 
  only stupid people never react when circumstances change . 
  for information , this is a ( not very funny , imho ) cartoon with a czech language title saying : ' `` cyprus crisis as seen by [ cartoonist name ] '' . 
  and this did n't work either , at least in czechoslovakia . 
  the reality is a bit different then the title claims . 
  the law had changed very little , drugs were as big problem before as they are now . 
  what had however changed is the target . 
  due to long lasting economic problems of the czech republic the dealers found much more lucrative market - germany . 
  mafias , especially the vietnamese one , now export large amounts of drugs and the traditionally incompetent czech police ca n't do anything . 
  germans try to stop it , they routinely stop and search cars coming from the czech republic , for example . 
  yeah , because it works so well . 
  remember [ lisbon agenda ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lisbon_strategy ) ? 
   it was adopted for a ten-year period in 2000 in lisbon , portugal by the european council . 
  it broadly aimed to `` make europe , by 2010 , the most competitive and the most dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world '' . 
  europe has enough of its own problems . 
  i dare to generalize and say that nobody in the czech republic believes the president will be punished . 
  that 's just not the way things are done here . 
  only one czech politician has been ever put behind bars ( decade ago , minister of finance , for embezzling bank loan from a company , before he was named minister ) . 
  well , most of the czechs believe it is wrong . 
  because of current unemployment levels , criminality , less available health care and devastated education . 
  for them this much more important than philosophical discussions about `` collective systems '' . 
  they remember time when the above mentioned was working better , that 's all . 
  the opposite . 
  people suddenly remember time when education was free , everyone had a decent job and criminality was incredibly low . 
  there were many , many problems - chronic shortages of all kinds of consumer goods , for example - but current problems ( criminality and unemployment consistently top all surveys ) look much worse . 
  guaranteed healthcare and free education ( relatively good during communist era ) are slowly but steadily eroded in the czech republic . 
  even the czech social democrats want to limit them more and more , the other parties try to destroy public services completely . 
  even the czech republic , eurozone non-member , had already thrown 26 billion of czech crowns ( cca 1 billion of euros ) into greek sinkhole , in 2011 , through imf . 
  the political regime is irrelevant here . 
  they got decent jobs and children schools . 
  not even pure angels from heaven can realistically provide more . 
  the `` forced dispersion '' in today 's terminology means stop for ghettos full of criminality and poverty , only reworded to sound as a tragedy . 
  the infamous settlement chanov was designed to be a place where czechs and gypsies will live together in harmony , to serve as an example for the rest of the country . 
  it was n't that hellhole from the beginning , inhabitants had a well paying jobs ( mining areas were relatively prosperous ) and there was no ethnic violence back then . 
  only after the overthrow of communists and economical downturn czechs fled and the place became totally devastated . 
  they did what is now frequently claimed to be the universal medicine for their problems . 
  gypsies had to work ( and manual laborers were paid better than say teachers or technicians ) , kids had to go in school ( otherwise social benefits were cut ) and no ghettos were allowed to spring up . 
  you wo n't find a more sophisticated plan today .
