  two years ago an independent audit found that 42 % of money in transportation sector were spent incorrectly . 
  not much had improved in the meantime . 
  it was second half of 17th and first half of 18th century . 
  there was lot of opportunity for safe practice - peasant rebellions and religious repression . 
  toward the end of 18th century enlightenment ruled and there was attempt to settle them down . 
  the word gypsy was forbidden , instead they were called `` new farmers '' and granted land in depopulated danube regions recently reconquered from the ottomans . 
  however , the attempt failed . 
  how many dead/tortured belorussians you know or have some realiable info about ? 
  growing up in state where propaganda was heavy and omnipresent i got a nose for it . 
  just because media repeat something 100 times does n't mean that their black-and-white narrative is true . 
  sure . 
  propaganda labels are always pure truth . 
   from czech republic to crimea , from southern poland to greece , there were romanian populations of shepherds . 
  part of eastern moravia is called [ wallachia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moravian_wallachia ) ( * vala\u0161sko * ) , for this reason . 
  but these sheperds were not nomadic , they quickly settled in one location and were considered group of their own within the feudal society ( so called `` fourth estate '' ) . 
  the reason was their `` lifestyle '' . 
  nomads are never welcomed among the peasant population constantly on the edge of starvation . 
  i do not think there was ever a period when they have been liked or seen without strong emotions . 
  the first reliable mention of gypsies in czech lands is from years 1418 and 1421 when the ruler gave them passport-like documents to move away . 
  they ended up in france and since then they are also known as `` bohemians '' . 
  what you label as `` medieval racist tales '' are preserved documents , mostly produced by courts and believe me , detailed record keeping has glorious tradition here . 
  every time they were mentioned in old bohemian chronicles it was about thieves and scoundrels . 
  those got no mercy back then . 
  the victim card is very recent invention . 
  it did not stop them sneaking into the country . 
  this was the reason for the law in year 1721 . 
  large painted boards were placed on the border crossings , to show what happens to gypsies if they enter . 
  it is not like they were pure angels before . 
  this bloodthirsty law was enacted after series of milder attempts to enforce public order , none of which worked . 
  what is your criteria ? 
  getting bad labels in the press ? 
  [ belarus ' gdp ( ppp ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp \\ ) _ per_capita ) is higher than in most countries of the balkans , for example . 
  one year ago czech media wrote that romania found a way to reduce those `` green '' subsidies . 
  they decided to postpone half of the payments by 4 years and there 's some chance this postponed payment will be reduced or even cancelled . 
  in austrian empire there was period when the law was to * shoot them all , on the spot * . 
  even this failed to change anything . 
  the michelin guy . 
   gutenberg if he did n't exist someone else would invent mass printing . 
  technology for cheap production of paper was already there and people in several countries experimented in this direction . 
  something like that happened in the czech republic . 
  authorities for years reported that drawing from eu funds is ok and fraud is less than 2 % . 
  an independent audit two years ago [ found ] ( http://www.presseurop.eu/en/content/news-brief/2225521-doctored-audits-lead-eu-fund-freeze ) that 42 % of money in transportation sector were misspent . 
  this year czech ministry of finance finally sacked the official who doctored the books . 
  handful of minor fraudsters is investigated . 
  the parties in the czech republic are not supposed to say this ( fear of media and what would brussels say ) but they act accordingly . 
  non-european immigration is in practice discouraged as much as possible under given circumstances . 
  the small people 's party is just desperate for votes and tried to get more attention . 
   just as czechs and slovaks remained different under czechoslovakia . 
  when czechoslovakia was created it was hoped by the czech elites that slovaks will eventually became branch of czechs ( bit simplified ) . 
  it failed mainly because of subconcious slovak reluctance to get assimilated . 
  one study found foreigners get divided into three groups . 
  the first one are slovaks ( the most numerous ) and these are not seen as foreigners at all . 
  others are people from western europe ( read white and educated ) , not very numerous and grudgingly accepted . 
  the rest , especially non-europeans in wider sense , is seen with suspicion . 
  i guess that those questioned by the research associate the word `` foreigner '' with the third group . 
  vietnamese are the third largest foreign group ( after slovaks and ukrainians ) and get mentioned in two contexts : their kids are very bright and highly motivated to learn and their criminal groups took over the drug bussiness and are virtually untouchable by police . 
  over a decade ago politicians decided to make final exams ( * matura * ) the same in all schools . 
  it made some sense - the quality of schools went rapidly down as they competed for students by lowering their standards and this was to fight the decline . 
  an institute was set up to handle the details . 
  after many years and fortune spent they came up with this monstrous solution . 
  when put in practice it was not just extremely costly but a total failure . 
  the students used to low standards faced unexpectedly strict exam requirements and large percentage had failed . 
  their parents complained . 
  next year the pendulum swung on the other side . 
  anyone but total idiot was able to pass . 
  many people had complained again . 
  eventually , the exam was reduced to something nearly useless , someting nobody wil complain about . 
  only the high cost remains . 
  should this be * the only problem * with education sector people would be dancing in the streets . 
  much worse is virtual collapse of technical schooling and resignation to quality . 
   they used to be distributed by the public broadcaster in the past greece could have follow the czech republic . 
  few decades ago the high school final exam requirements ( * the matura * ) were broadcasted by the radio . 
  it worked well , was very cheap , reliable and safe . 
  now these requirements are printed , stored in guarded warehouse and then delivered by guarded vans . 
  the cost went through the roof and someone laughs all the way to the bank . 
  ** czech republic ** * the czech man found with `` global amnesia '' in norway does not want to return home . 
  he has debts and refuses to pay them . 
  * czech laws are so complicated that even judges get confused , said vice-chair of the highest court at a law conference . 
  geological reconnaissance of the area now started . 
  * attempt to establish maximal interest rate on loans to reduce usury is failing . 
  banks and lobbyists are against . 
  * ministry of health ordered state hospitals to always accept emergency patients . 
  week ago emergency crew spent 83 minutes trying to find a place for a poisoned woman - 7 hospitals in prague refused her . 
  the same day there were two similar cases . 
  * value added tax should be reduced from 15 % to 10 % for medicals , books and toddler nappy pants , starting in january 2015 . 
  until 2007 the low vat rate was 5 % and included food and services . 
  its increase is one of the reasons why shopping in germany is now so popular . 
  * minister of education promised that those held in detention centers for underage criminals wo n't be as non-punishable as they are now . 
  this comes after recent series of murder attempts . 
  last year there were 68 brutal attacks . 
  similar promises in the past were not kept . 
  * a public opinion research found that 51 % of czechs thinks `` there are too many foreigners '' . 
  one percent thinks there 's not enough of them . 
  most would not allow them to freely enter the country . 
  the new numbers are highest since 2005 . 
  it is news from may 2009 . 
  i do n't think it is that much cheaper . 
  during the early 1990 's it was fairly common for german retirees to regularly visit the czech republic . 
  cheap dinner in restaurant/medicine/clothing / anything and of good quality . 
  this is over , both price - and quality-wise .
