  the czechs must have strong politicians able to stand up to merkel and hollande . 
  merkel must realise she is not an absolute ruler of europe . 
  czech one comes from verb * prchat * , to flee . 
  prefix u - means that this activity ( fleeing ) is finished . 
  the decision to accept czechoslovak refugees in 1968 was not ours . 
  other countries did it because it fit with their political and economical goals . 
  this open doors policy did n't last very long , year later it was very hard for the czechs to find a country willing to take them . 
  some opted for south africa/rhodesia which took almost everyone , some decided to return ( czechoslovakia had amnesty for such people ) . 
  if some country wants now to accept the hordes from africa - fine , their choice . 
  but czechs do not want them , no matter what anyone thinks . 
  theuy are our neighbour and own most of the industry here . 
  if they screw up then ( 1 ) violence will spill over the border , and ( 2 ) our economy will go to the drain too . 
  in a recent interview former czech army chief of staff warned about the point ( 1 ) . 
  he has no illusions about our ability to protect the borders in such case . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the old small scale corruption - you give physician a gift - had mostly disappeared . 
  the new corruption operates on high level , deals with millions and billions . 
  in the best imaginable case czech republic would not allow would be refugees to enter . 
  they will not create rioting ghettoes . 
  when i was long ago driving to austria and back i did n't feel myself constrained too much . 
  naturally it is possible that responsible authorities screw up the implementation . 
  i expect germany to close the borders , rather soon . 
  i fear that refugees which are just now on the way may end up here . 
  they may think so . 
  at least one would expect a decent job . 
  do you know czech polls ? 
  in a recent one 93 % would deport refugees , 6 % would allow them into europe . 
  politicians fear of referenda , our counry does n't allow them on national level . 
  i will give you advice how to deal with this . 
  close the borders , deport everyone who managed sneak in . 
  this is the best help you can get , seriously . 
  eu funds in the czech republic became synonym for corruption . 
  i wonder whether they did more wrong than better . 
  ussr did n't send populations to its allies ( modulo some repatriation programmes like volhynian czechs ) . 
  joining eurozone is now not even a discussed option in the czech republic . 
  in the czech republic the public would be dancing on the streets . 
  the politicians , however ... most are all spineless eu lackeys . 
  diminish , yeah righ . 
  germany opened wide and nobody wants that free house , free car and buxom blonde . 
  the greatest fear here is that after germany closes its borders those on the way may choose us as place to stay . 
  some decade ago a german colleague was telling me horror stories . 
  glad they managed to turn it around . 
  countries chickening out will be spared of massive conflicts in the future . 
  this is the only thing which counts here . 
  i doubt too and see this as yet another sign of decay - they are unable to decide on * anything * . 
  in such situation it will be everyone for himself . 
  greece will leave euro , schengen will evaporate , rich states stop to contribute into eu funds . 
  may some hollow shell in brussels will remain , parliament issuing recommendations . 
  i think you overestimate eu effects . 
  it was not all songs and roses : for example corruption increased dramatically with availability of eu funds . 
  anyway , the past can not be changed . 
  eu is dying and what is needed is to find out the best course for the future . 
  well , do as you like , but do not force your ways on unwilling others . 
  so you see no problem at all . 
  do you think you are owner of the truth and every nonbeliever has to be punished ? 
  because this is what you suggest . 
  i am all for leaving . 
  however i think eu will collapse much before that our incompetent politicians even start talking about it . 
  it was quite a nice utopia but the weather was too rough . 
  i personally think we ( czech republic ) should flee eu as soon as possible . 
  the world would certainly not come to the end . 
  your problem is that you bring them inside , instead of returning them to the place where they departed . 
  it is more likely eu will evaporate . 
  some country ( say italy ) will say they can not pay into eu funds , schengen will be dropped in all but name . 
  here and there and one day eu will be no more . 
  conflict , as usual . 
  history di n't end with the eu . 
  well then , be the greatest dreamers under the sun and perish proudly . 
  but there are nations who do n't share your ideals : let them live , it is not their choice , they have nothing in common with you . 
  what if they are right ? 
  maybe they heard about berlin-neukolln and do not want this in their own countries . 
  do you really believe that importing million of culturally distant people will have no negative effects at all ? 
  suicidal pact is not basic principle of the eu . 
  otherwise everyone still sane should get out as fast as possible . 
  your country screwed itself , it is not fault of eastern europe you are so stupid . 
  actually , when greece went down for the first time there was pressure from eu on the czech republic to send money there ( we did ) . 
  one slovak government fell down because of this blackmailing . 
  poland does n't ferry masses of refugees directly to their own country . 
  you do it on your own , you deserve to suffer . 
  poland is not crazy , why should they harm themselves ? 
  it is not like they have shortage of problems of their own . 
  do you know how many people in these countries perceive germany ? 
  as a madmad once again working hard on its own destruction . 
  do you really think they will agree on suicide pact ? 
  slovakia and the czech republic few days ago agreed to establish `` train corridors '' . 
  refugees would board train in hungary and will go straight to germany , w/o interference by slovak and czech security ( no checks etc ) . 
  this all assumes germany is willing to take them in . 
  it was n't horribly bad before 2004 ( when czech republic entered eu ) . 
  most people would exchange riots in western european suburbs for delays on the border . 
  this is the most idealistic thing i read over long time , maybe ever . 
  you envision this because nobody mentioned cost of such solution . 
  fair weather did n't last forever , that happened . 
  utopias do fail . 
  cleaning up the mess is not worthy of your majesty ? 
  videos of driving through wildfires : * [ near ryazan ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quwqow5atpc ) * [ somewhere in siberia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpwjjnc7mum ), 
  dunno , in subtitle it talks about `` black market forgers '' . 
  anyway , [ here ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34150408 ) is two days article from the bbc , most fresh text i could find . 
  unfortunately , it reveals no statistics . 
  [ here 's one article ] ( http://www.middleeasteye.net/fr/node/738 ) describing it . 
  it is from may 2014 , even before current events .
