  they did n't got batshit crazy . 
   kosovo government declared [ something ] while serbia 's pm declared [ the opposite ] what will be the real everyday impact on these municipalities ? 
  few more . 
  * [ kleptomaniac ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kleptomania ) district judge at the court . 
  he stole wallet ( with 2 czk ( ~ 7 eurocents ) and id ) from a young boy and got caught . 
  * high ministry official received suspended sentence ( 3 years ) for asking a bribe . 
  he was also fined 30k czk ( ~ 1,1 k euro ) . 
  the official claims `` he tested them '' . 
  the school has no records of him ever being registered there or paying or doing any school work . 
  he likely falsified the certificate . 
  * former prison will be converted to refugee camp , in spite of disagreement at municipal and regional levels and petition against by the locals . 
  the first reliable mention of gypsies in czech lands comes from years 1417 and 1423 . 
  two travelling groups of gypsies were given documents ( by rex bohemorum ) allowing them safe passage out of the country . 
  these gypsies ended up in france , their papers were preserved there . 
  there 's speculation that the meaning of term '' [ bohemian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bohemian ) '' originates from this event . 
  he has japanese father . 
  what he says and does fits very well the czechs . 
  * my translation . 
  * slocak pm fico spared no criticism for european policy during a speech on the 71st anniversary of the slovak national uprising ( 1944 ) . 
  european policy , according to him , failed completely to address current migration crisis . 
  europe faces uncontrolled influx of refugees from distant parts of the world . 
  european policy failed totally , said fico . 
  if someone tries to revive the idea of mandatory refugee quotas again , slovakia will reject it , stressed fico . 
  `` let 's not pretend we do n't see how much scared are the people . 
  they fear not just in slovakia but accross the whole europe . 
  let 's not pretend we see no cause for this and let 's not pretend we are able to solve the problem by welcoming everyone with open arms , whether they are economic migrants or people who really need to protect their life or their family '' , said fico . 
  according to slovak pm every country has the right to choose whom it will take care . 
  `` let 's be honest , we are not able to integrate hundreds of thousand of our roma . 
  how could we integrate people which are even more distant by their lifestyle and religion ? 
  '' , asked . 
  in connection with current migrant crisis he called meeting of national security council on monday . 
  czech minister of interior early this year proclaimed that czech republic may be able to handle up to 100,000 ukrainian immigrants , but no more . 
  this was , however , mandatory optimistical political statement , the infrastructure for such a number is simply not there . 
  people from eastern europe are educated and are willing to work . 
  that 's why they were allowed to enter western labour markets , not because they appealed to bleeding hearts . 
  they are generally not * known as benefits leechers , violent cutthroats and destroyers of host societies . 
  [ * ] gypsies aside, 
  that would be very smart politics . 
  unfortunately ( or fortunately ) the brussels is lacking common sense , instead they are stick to utopian ideals . 
  its not a hot political topic right now but sanctions were not very popular and they still do hit some manufacturing segments . 
  it is a common joke that we are the 17th bundesrepublik . 
  the reality is that we are virtual economic colony of germany , place of cheap labour for low added value manufacturing . 
  [ bavaria consumes record amount per head ] ( http://www.bavaria.by/bavarian-german-beer ) ( 150 l , wikipedia [ claims ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bavaria ) 170 l ) . 
  the last major reform happened in mid of 19th century . 
  since then the spoken language had moved . 
  from time to time there 's a suggestion to change the orthography accordingly , to make it easier for the school kids . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/twothirds-of-failed-asylum-seekers-had-used-false-identities-26855916.html ) is recent irish article on this topic , based on police statistics . 
  the term `` asylum shopping '' is present . 
  here 's one example why people here are fearful . 
  i translated one relevant question and answer :  q : supporters of immigration argue that refugees are not a threat for the czech republic because their target country is germany ( this year up to 800k people ) . 
   a : if germany fails to create proper conditions for refugees radical violent groups will appear there . 
  as the violence will grow these people [ refugees ] will be pushed to the czech republic . 
  during the 90 's german pushed vietnamese [ from the former ddr ] to the czech republic and until now we have uncontrollable groups of people involved in drug busisnes and other illegal activities . 
  and the same will happen again . 
  i do not believe our german friends will act differently in the future . 
  he also predicts that germany will drop schengen . 
  majority of czechs living there was repatriated after wwii ( ~ 43k ) . 
  several thousands were repatriated during the first half of 1990 's . 
  both groups are certainly present . 
  czech authorities claim they do checks against misuse . 
  czech government recently did something similar for the remaining ethnic czechs living on ukraine . 
  their ancestors moved there during last decades of 19th century . 
  several hundred people were ( or are ) being repatriated and provided with state support . 
  i am not systematic collector of german crime news , sorry . 
  group of illegals occupying a building is sufficient violence for me , as is the pogrom attempt . 
  i assume these events are part of wider trend , not something unique i spotted . 
  ( a german colleague once told me horror stories about situation in berlin-neukolln but this was decade ago . ), 
  btw , the situation in czech republic does not look much better . 
  according to newspaper reports refugees in a camp in northern bohemia threatened local employees with murder and also threatened to demonstratively kill their own children . 
  their dream is germany and they would do anything to get there . 
  you know , i live in a country where even occupied empty school building would be felt as unacceptable criminal behaviour . 
  i definitely do not wish to get desensitized to clear aggression . 
   how exactly is [ nationalism ] of any value in and of itself ? 
  there was older study by robert putnam which found that more ethnically diverse society results in lower participation in public life and lower trust between the people . 
  iow , homogenous societies have lower transaction costs . 
  i just remebered how some refugees occupied a school building in berlin and there was standoff with police ( and iirc they won ) . 
  but whatever , even a single event is one too much and makes for the strong opinion here . 
  if the other countries are willing to give money who is to complain ? 
  their choice . 
  however , eu funds in reality flow mainly into pockets of well connected crooks . 
  we ( czech republic ) got the most expensive cycle-track in the world , moveable bridge on a river without ships and similarly useful projects . 
  we failed to invest these money properly , instead we nurtured endemic corruption to before unimaginable levels . 
   on-swedish nationalities being in the following order : finnish , turkish , somalian when a finnish swede ( or swedish finn ? ), 
  moves to sweden is he counted as finnish ? 
   eager and enthusiastic about the usa not really . 
  that may be impression of some media but i do n't see it . 
  we do not care very much about foreign countries , the more distant it is the less of interest . 
  czech history can be plausibly explained as long march toward ethnical and cultural homogenity . 
  we value this homogenity a lot a definitely do not want to give up such advantage . 
  what happens right now elsewhere only strenghtens this convinction . 
  least but not least , we do not suffer any kind of guilt , hubris or saviour complex . 
  to follow suicidal italian policy is not responsibility of anyone . 
  if you wish to destroy your country it is your problem only . 
  the others may build a fence around you , this would be in their interest . 
  we always complain . 
  you ( your country ) could veto these sanctions . 
  czech republic did as much as they could to limit them . 
  this sounds like denial of reality . 
  how long it is when there were riots in paris and whole row of cars was burning ? 
  was this also staged ?
