  it makes it problem of greece , germany and the unlucky transit countries . 
  estonia , thanks to its location , is not and should not be involved at all . 
  good luck then , the future will show who was right . 
  well , if greeks wish to have warzone in their own country then there 's no point of stopping them . 
  but not all countries are like this and their choice should be respected as well . 
  i know something about the czechs and they feel exactly zero white guilt and have no `` saviour of the world '' complex . 
  for us refugee wave is grave danger and we do not want to take anyone . 
  countries that act in opposite way are perceived as completely mad . 
  if you bear a grudge for being net contributor to eu funds it was your choice and your fault . 
  you could say no . 
  deportations . 
  or they can sit on their asses and wait for inevitable civil war . 
  surely much better option . 
  why makes you think they have duty to accept even a single refugee ? 
  it 's their country , not yours , they have full right to choose what is good for them and to refuse what is not . 
  does n't greece have one of the largest armies in europe ? 
  how do you call it when they sit on their hands and let their own country get flooded ? 
  well , that 's * your * problem , not estonia 's . 
  you accepted these limits on your sovereignty , you consequently suffer ( or take advantage of ) . 
  if estonia does n't want to get flooded now it has full right to refuse . 
  it has no moral duty to repeat crazy mistakes of the others . 
  ( the deleted post was mine , it got duplicated , no idea why chrome is doing this . ), 
  do you suggest they should emulate greek incompetence ? 
  it was finland 's decision to allow estonians in . 
  they could say no . 
  i no way it implies estonia has to accept hordes of thirldworders now . 
  czech minister of interior estimated that right now there is up to 250 thousand of refugees in serbia and hungary . 
  all heading to german paradise . 
  he also mentioned millions of people in turkey and kurdistan who `` look for new home '' . 
  it is advantageous for the west . 
  docile cheap labour , captured market for low quality products ( notably the shitty food ) , boost for imperial hubris in the brussels . 
  but ianal . 
  deportations . 
  syrians to government controlled areas , those who do not know where they came from to libya . 
  if you mean the proposed czech law : it is formulated so that nothing of importance could be decided by referendum . 
  eu membership was explicitly mentioned by those proposing the text as something not allowed to question . 
  i think you described it correctly . 
  in 2012 canadian law made it hard to impossible for eu citizens to ask for asylum . 
  in 2013 canada dropped the 2009 visa requirement for the czechs . 
  previous visa duty lasted from 1997 to 2008 . 
  i think nobody will stop you if you sell everything you own and send the money to refugees . 
  just leave the others out of this plan . 
  it is all due to british journalist and activist andrew stroehlein . 
  for unknown reasons he believes he obtained the mandate of heavens to fix those horrible czechs . 
  how about the czech people ? 
  they think * they * deserve better lives and are not willing to sacrify themselves on the altar of crazy ideas . 
  we are simply no fans of crazy experiments on ourselves , we got fair share of them and did n't like them at all . 
  petty bourgeois mentality or something . 
  if germany turns doing really well - good , we may attempt to repeat it ; if she goes down the hell - at least we 'll be spared of the worst . 
  why ? 
  czech history can be plausibly narrated as long trend toward ethnic and cultural homogeneity . 
  apart from few crazies we believe this is great advantage for us and are not willing to gave it up . 
  yeah , right , and without the emperor in vienna we well be like headless chicken running around . 
  eu is utopian project for good weather only and fails everywhere else . 
  if you mean the poll it is [ here ] ( http://www.focus-agency.cz/files/contentfiles/focus-uprchlicka-krize-v-cr-end.pdf ) ( in czech , i can translate some points ) . 
  if you ask about the complex - that 's just something what i see all around . 
  i have no idea why my answers get duplicated ... 
  czech republic is already something like german economic colony . 
  this is n't going to change , at least until germany goes down in civil wars . 
  believe it or not , anti-immigrant czechs ( 93 % according to the latest poll ) somehow managed to have a very low level of violent criminality and have functioning economy ( not great but at least we are not begging imf and troika ) . 
  good luck with the syrians . 
  why this would be stupid ? 
  do you think all those german owned cheap manufacturing plants will be closed down ? 
  do you predict economical boycott ? 
  do you think w/o massive immigration we are going to fall ? 
  in long term i see one great advantage - no danger of ethnic war inside the country . 
  many years ago czech gypsies started to ask for asylum in canada ( several thousand in two waves ) . 
  canada 's response was ( 1 ) setting up very tough visa regime , not just once but twice , ( 2 ) denying all these requests by courts , especially during the second wave and ( 3 ) changing laws to drop future requests automatically , w/o the need to involve the courts . 
  i read somewhere an account from shooting a historical movie . 
  they tried these wings and found them unpractical for battle situation . 
  their opinion was that it was more a ceremonial item . 
  does anybody know more/better ? 
  in article about these refugees they talked about germany and [ one of them ] about sweden . 
  that `` swedish '' guy had no idea how to get there , had no money , but some relative of his lived there . 
  general hysteria , i 'd say . 
  i did work for some time in several western europe countries and did n't like the ghettoes and coworkers whisper me horror stories . 
  i have no idea why these replies do multiply . 
  they can repeat even three times . 
  i use chrome , hmmm . 
  people from yugoslavia were culturally compatible . 
  i knew few bosnians in prague myself , they did n't have problems with language or behaviour and did or could assimilate . 
  [ they had problems with state bureaucracy which consistently did everythig wrong . ], 
  he did n't throw anyone down , he just threatened . 
  standard procedure is to keep them 40 days locked in the camp and then let them free ( to go to germany or scandinavia ) . 
  i would exchange all the hypothetical respect for less troubles here . 
  i have no idea why some posts appear twice ( or even thrice ) . 
  part of the 1990 's immigration were ethnic germans from the czech republic ( and those who unearthed some german ascendant ) . 
  good luck this time . 
  part of the 1990 's immigration were ethnic germans from the czech republic ( and those who unearthed some german ascendant ) . 
  good luck this time . 
  why should i care about opinion of an redditor ? 
  well , good luck and do n't push your ideas on the others . 
  something like that happened in a refugee camp in the czech republic . 
  an interned refugee who wanted to go to germany threatened to throw his wife and daughter down from the second floor . 
  the article mentioned that such scenes are not uncommon there . 
  behaving like a fool because the neighbour went batshit crazy is not the smartest move . 
  we just have no suicidal tendencies . 
  we just have no suicidal tendencies . 
  well , `` they '' will have a word too . 
  in a recent interview former czech army chief of staff predicted mass violence in germany , because it will be impossible to fulfill dreams of refugee masses .
