  and it was n't just some empty political talk . 
  their school system tried to identify and nurture the talent in every kid , even in problematic gypsies that would be simply ignored in other countries . 
  the system which is winning right now does the oposite . 
  it keeps the kids down , on very low level , with no differences between the gifted and the dumb . 
  few years ago newspapers in regions next to the switzerland organised a mock referendum whether their region should joing switzerland . 
  to everybody 's suprise ( or maybe not ) majority of the asked agreed , in germany , france , italy and austria . 
  i wonder what they thought about in in switzerland . 
  maybe for an expat . 
  cost of living is the highest in the country , especially housing is absurdly expensive . 
  the quote is a very fine opinion of people living in a glass tower , generously dispensing high-minded advice left and right . 
  i remember a newspaper from the 70 's , boasting that now over half of czechoslovak gypsy children attend grammar school . 
  the newspaper reminded that twenty years ago this number was exactly zero . 
  these above mentioned special schools were not invented to keep the gypsy permanently down but to help children unable to cope with traditional grammar schools ( which were quite demanding , somehow comparable to stereotypical east-asian schools today , i read ) . 
  these schools were for kids who were mentally weak or did n't get proper upbringing in their early years . 
  classes were much smaller ( traditional class could had up to 30 pupils ) , had teachers with special training and could dedicate lot of time to overcome problems of individual kids ( there was no time or people for this in a traditional school ) . 
  the high percentage of gypsy kids in such schools was no secret and neither were the reasons why . 
  the main was the neglect in early years ( you should see how a typical gypsy village settlement in east slovakia looks even today ) . 
  low average iq did n't help either . 
  the other option was to force them into normal schools and completely eliminate their already low chance to learn anything and in the process also demolish the education for kids without problems . 
  or the authorities could wash up their hands and resign on any education of unfit kids , like it is commonly done throughout western europe . 
  this horrible system was able to produce highest literacy among gypsies in whole europe ( read this somewhere , do n't have reference at hand ) . 
  if you are unconvinced by my rant , rejoice . 
  tomorrow belongs to you . 
  czech governments during the last 20 years successfully devastated the once famous schooling system . 
  czech kids are no longer competing in maths with east-asians . 
  the quality of education had worsened in every aspect . 
  gone are the methods that worked so well for long time , gone is the generous financial support from the state . 
  even those horrible special schools are destined to die . 
  the government had already formally renamed them ( they are now simply called schools ) and soon the kids with learning disabilities will have to move into normal schools . 
  the first known results are promising . 
  problematic kids do n't learn anything and normal kids get distracted and bored and they too fail . 
  eventually , everyone is equal , down in deep shit . 
  the good people from ecri will be finally happy . 
  edit : few typos, 
  police passivity in the czech republic is not limited to the gypsies . 
  police pay depends on ratio of solved cases , so they often discourage people to report minor crimes to improve the statistics . 
  a relative of mine was once attacked with knife . 
  he escaped without injury . 
  police arrived quickly , restricted the attacker , confiscated the knife and then started to persuade my relative not to report if officially : `` the attacker wo n't get sentenced anyway and you will only waste lot of time with all this bureaucracy '' . 
  so he did what they suggested . 
  no wonder police got such a low reputation and even distrust here . 
   self-defense is criminal offense in russia . 
  really ? 
  regardless of any circumstances ? 
  i looked up current [ prices ] ( http://www.srovnanicen.cz/q/pivo%20budvar/ ) of budvar and 0,5 l glass bottle costs about 12 kc ( 0,45 euro ) . 
  the cheapest beer i ever saw recently in supermarket was 3,5 kc per 0,5 l bottle ( 0,14 euro ) . 
  perhaps the czech republic . 
  interactive map of beer prices ( also in euro ) in prague is [ here ] ( http://www.nelso.cz/mapa-cen-piva-v-praze/ ) and this is in bars , pubs and restaurants . 
  beer bought in supermarket may cost even one third of that . 
  taxes are higher , market is smaller and filled with too many trying-to-get-rich-fast players . 
  even some services are now cheaper in germany , e.g. 
  car repair . 
   it 's a few isolated incidents exagerrated by certain media . 
  only handful of attacks is presented in the media . 
  usually some shocking story or video is needed to get their attention . 
  most of such events are not mentioned in media or even reported to police ( people are too resigned and have low trust in police ) . 
  for example , i happen know about a murder attempt in my village two years ago ( two gypsy women broke into a house to steal , older owner unexpectedly returned and the suprised robbers attempted to strangle her ) and was not reported in press ( and neither solved afaik ) . 
  that the protesters are not the stereotypical bunch of violent thugs seeking every opportunity to attack someone . 
  that 's what media wish you to believe , only violent neonazi scum will dare to protest . 
  independent videos are usually put on youtube , but one needs to know czech language to find them . 
  [ here 's one from ceske budejovice ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjzwuoelrm8 ) . 
  there are also videos with ( later identified ) violent police provocateurs who look like typical skinheads . 
  anti-roma violence was limited and individual , so far ( violence in the czech rep. is generaly low ) . 
  fear and antipathy is widespread . 
  the polarization of the society is now almost complete , it would be hard to find someone who does n't expect some form of a doomsday . 
  a czech sociologist miroslav mares published a book about militant groups in czech lands . 
  he also speculates about the future and offers five scenarios . 
  one is that nothing bad happens , another is economic collapse , war with china or ethnic riots in the west . 
  the last one is massive ethnic violence in the czech republic , with active paramilitary groups , gypsy exodus to the west and possibly military occupation of the country . 
  yes , it is `` tyranny of the majority '' , whatever the name . 
  bigger police presence likely wo n't help , they are paralysed by fear . 
  in duchcov ( described bellow ) a policeman saw the beating but refused to go out . 
  the known attackers were * not * arrested , only few weeks later , after they atacked someone else , they were put in detention . 
  in ceske budejovice police initially claimed that nothing had really happened and nobody was injured . 
  during the first protest march in the city police sent in provocateurs . 
  their photos and videos are now all over czech internet , few got identified by name . 
  this strengtened the protests later . 
  they are not peaceful any more . 
  the situation in the country is really bad , it was worsening for two decades , ignored by the state and now it errupted . 
  what the protesters really wish is that gypsies leave the location . 
  locals are desperate because this kind of attacks happens very , very often . 
  czech police fears to do anything with them . 
  * [ duchcov attack ] ( http://www.romea.cz/en/news/czech/czech-republic-anti-roma-demonstrations-tomorrow-in-duchcov-over-assault ) is described e.g. 
  here . 
  the most notable is that it occured just before police station . 
  the victims were banging on the door for help but the policeman inside feared to go out . 
  after the video of attack leaked out he got fired . 
  * the [ attack in ceske budejovice ] ( http://praguemonitor.com/2013/07/11/%c4%8desk%c3%a9-bud%c4%9bjovice-faces-further-anti-roma-violence ) is mentioned e.g. 
  here . 
  a group of gypsies , reported to be `` up to hundred '' attacked a pregnant woman and her partner . 
  she ended up with broken nose and brain contusion , he got damaged spleen . 
  this attack has started the current wave of demonstrations . 
  these protests happen almost weekly . 
  they started few months ago , after couple of brutal attacks by gypsies ( in cities duchcov and ceske budejovice ) . 
  most of the protesting are desperate local people but tv does n't show these . 
  some marches get beaten by riot police , most end up without incidents . 
  edit : typo, 
  economy of the czech republic is in long slow decline and nothing suggests it will ever go better . 
  devastated technical education is one example . 
  shoppers from the czech republic frequently go to germany , many to zittau .
