  his estimate is that they will be pushed [ also ] into the czech republic and the country will be unable to stop it . 
  now it looks more likely germans will be fleeing their own country . 
  now it looks more likely germans will be fleeing their own country . 
  in a recent poll 93 % people wanted to send them all back . 
  6 % would allow them into europe . 
  * saviour of the world * complex is virtually unknown here . 
  in a recent poll 93 % people wanted to send them all back . 
  6 % would allow them into europe . 
  * saviour of the world * complex is virtually unknown here . 
  yes , it is . 
  it was already discusssed among top politicians , army was consulted , maybe there are some prepaparations in progress . 
  however , our current pm is a weakling who dreams about cushy job in brussels and he tries to postpone the inevitable . 
   i really hope there will be consequences for germany . 
  closing the borders is the only realistic solution to this . 
  czechs do not want any `` redistribution '' of refugees . 
  not even women , children or syrians . 
  none . 
  this is problem of the germans , if they want yet another bitter end . 
  it is not complete abandonment . 
  systematic border checks were not yet established , army was not yet deployed to protect the border . 
  the state just gave up even pretending it does someting . 
  i think those few czechs on reddit have more diverse attitude . 
  current practice was to keep them up to 40 days in a refugee camp , then they had to be released . 
  after release they continued on their way to the german paradise . 
  this is fairly common in czech internet discussions as well ( and more importantly in the real world , afaics ) . 
  one of the reasons are ruling elites who eagerly embraced pro-immigration position . 
  ordinary people almost instinctively support the exact opposite . 
  i remember a sociological study about that . 
  there are three groups : 1 . 
  qualified expats . 
  few in numbers , nothing is expected from them , just that they eventually return . 
  other slavic people . 
  not seen as a threat . 
  expected to learn the language and to assimilate completely ( they or their kids ) . 
  the rest is generally unwelcomed and unliked . 
  arabs is the second most disliked group in polls ( after the gypsies ) . 
  not all popular czech media are pro-immigrant . 
  even those who can be labeled so are rather careful not to upset people too much . 
  only handful of fringe webs is rabidly pro-immigrant . 
  just today czech police caught over 200 refugees in a train . 
  it is more than during the whole last week . 
  former czech army chief of staff recently predicted outburst of mass violence in germany , due to immigration . 
  many czech analysts and talking heads published dystopian scenarios as well . 
  in the polls public is extremely skeptic and expects the worst . 
  it is the politicians ( some ) who are optimistic and see no end of eternal summer . 
  what is poland doing right ? 
  ad 3 ) - this article shows complete set for 2014 . 
  look at the infographics at the bottom of the article . 
  youy would better compare 60 's and 70 ' and the last 20 years . 
  eu in current form is everything but success . 
  czechoslovakia was not * that * devastated . 
  thieving privatisation during the 90 's created group of dollar multi-billionaires , ko\u017een\u00fd being the most famous . 
  this was possible because there was so much to steal . 
  today such a great plunder would be simply impossible . 
  i think you exagerrate a bit . 
  the continent did better before the `` ever closer union '' and if somebody is brewing civil wars it is the brussels , with their oh so great ideas . 
  i see striking similarities between current eu and late communist czechoslovakia during the 1980 's . 
  both are at the dead end , with senile leadership unable to fix anything . 
  instead they repeat empty phrases hoping for a miracle . 
  people are apathetic if not outright hostile toward the system , nobody believes the propaganda . 
  i think you exaggerate a bit . 
  the continent did better before the `` ever closer union '' and if somebody is brewing civil wars it is the brussels , with their oh so great ideas . 
  i see striking similarities between current eu and late communist czechoslovakia during the 1980 's . 
  both are at the dead end , with senile leadership unable to fix anything . 
  instead they repeat empty phrases hoping for a miracle . 
  people are apathetic if not outright hostile toward the system , nobody believes the propaganda . 
  i am personally in favour of leaving the eu . 
  few more proclamations like this and the dream will come true . 
  our `` high speed '' train ( it means 130 km/h here ) hit a truck which was stuck on level crossing . 
  3 deaths , 17 injured . 
  * my translation of the post , to avoid judging solely by title . 
  he uses common language , not the literal variant , so my traslation is certainly more dry than the very emotional original . 
  *  oh god , 71 dead on highway in austria ... should i cry ? 
  they were out of oxygen at the moment doors closed behind them . 
  so what ? 
  they should n't be so stupid to get inside . 
  the best would be if they stayed at home . 
  the world is said to be in shock ... i have no regrets , i do not care ... at all !, 
  they are scum and dirt which does n't beloing here . 
  those who help them should take them to their homes , for free , and feed tehm , those angels of charity and samaritans !, 
  i do not wish this country and europe getting black . 
   i would be really really interested whether these syrians , afghani and other ethnics coming here would reciprocate , whether they would rescue us from the boats , give us shelter , food and political asylum , if we were bend on destroying detention camps . 
  i would reaaly like to see it the other way . 
  ...  i would buy the best view spot . 
  they would likely kick us in a moment , because i am not muslim , and do not believe in allah , i treat women as ladies , i do not agree with having mutiple wives , etc. 
   no , i do not cry for these victimes , my heart is not bleeding . 
  i am touched much more when a top sport gil is fatallty injured during the training and is disabled for life . 
  this is human tragedy , that 's where i am sorry and look for chances to help . 
  but i am not sorry for those 71 dead ... not by a chance !, 
  i only regret * his text continues but the screenshot ends right here . 
  former czech army chief of staff predicted future troubles in recent newspaper interview . 
  he expects that germany will not be able to provide the expected social benefits/decent jobs to the migrants . 
  this will eventually lead to large scale violence and the refugees will be pushed [ also ] into the czech republic . 
  [ he has no illusions about ability of the czech army to stop them . ], 
  then * we * will have the problem , in spite of not wanting any migrants here and not attracting them in any way . 
  now , it is job of top military officer to prepare for the worst , but what he said is imo more realistic scenario than the idea of `` good weather forever '' . 
  it is not eu wide problem . 
  germany and sweden promised paradise to every thirldworlder who manages to swim ashore . 
  now they do not want to fix their ways and instead demand uninvolved countries to share fruits of their foolishness . 
  why not to take example from the baltics , for example ?
