  this sounds like denial of reality . 
  how long it is when there were riots in paris and whole row of cars was burning ? 
  was this also staged ? 
  i think you see eastern europe as beggars ungrateful for your coin . 
  this is not widely shared view there . 
  greece has one of the largest armies in europe , yet they are not able to lift a finger . 
  why should ( now ) geographically more lucky countries suffer for your inability to protect your borders ? 
  do you pay baltics money because you got nice mediterranean climate and they have shitty cold and dark winters ? 
  do you pay ransom to landlocked countries ? 
  it would be more just : winters are nobody 's fault , your troubles are 100 % self-inflicted . 
  why should ( now ) geographically more lucky countries suffer for your inability to protect your borders ? 
  do you pay baltics money because you got nice mediterranean climate and they have shitty cold and dark winters ? 
  do you pay ransom to landlocked countries ? 
  it would be more just : winters are nobody 's fault , your troubles are 100 % self-inflicted . 
  i did ( ~ 15 years ago , in aachen ) . 
  i really admired the place . 
  but past glory does n't imply the future . 
  have you seen that infamous video from suhl ? 
  hunderds of thousand of completely unknown people freely crossing borders feels as proper security to you ? 
  how do you feel when someone uninvited visits your house ? 
  i remember few days ago german minister of interior made such noises . 
  and also bavarian ( or saxon ? ), 
  i remember few days ago german minister of interior made such noises . 
  and also bavarian ( or saxon ? ), 
  that 's diversity for you . 
  not everybody is like a lemming going to the cliff . 
  bastards will survive . 
  few days ago i saw here a video from suhl ( later deleted ) . 
  technically they were no more roaming but it made hardly any difference . 
  if you ask about the politicians then czech ones just today refused such call from the austrian pm . 
  [ * ] ( http://www.ceskenoviny.cz/news/zpravy/schengen-external-border-must-be-closed-czech-deputy-pm-babis/1251159 ), 
  for czechs western means predominantly germany . 
  i have n't been in england . 
  he 's a self-made oligarch , one of the largest , who stormed into the politics two years ago . 
  he 's minister of finance and deputy pm but in reality it is him who makes ( or vetoes ) the most important decisions . 
  the official pm is a very weak politician from party in decline . 
  different parties , different official roles . 
  babi\u0161 had appeared out of political nothing two years ago , zeman is an old hand . 
  their opinion on immigration is shared by many czech politicians accross the political spectrum, 
  his party leads the polls and is still going up . 
  i doubt anybody cares about his nato ideas , closed borders is what resonates with the society . 
  current number is ~ 120k legals and estimated `` several tens of thousand '' illegals living in the czech republic . 
  ukrainians are perceived as able to assimilate . 
  these 70 syrians were pushed by germany and deeply resented by the population . 
  average czech wants to close the borders , that 's the proper solution for him . 
  western european countries accepted these people because it fitted their needs ( at least needs of the corporations ) . 
  they had full right to refuse . 
  germany did , as long as it was legally possible ( 7 years ) . 
  western european countries are currently unable to guarantee basic security to themselves . 
  do you think it is attractive for others how they are freely roamed by hordes of people from the most violent parts of the world ? 
  money from eu funds end up in pocket of crooks , through useless overpriced projects ( at least this is the case of the czech republic . 
  eu funds became synonym for corruption ) . 
  you probably overestimate how eu is seen here . 
  it * was * once perceived as beacon of prosperity and bright future but these times are long over . 
  now it feels more like madhouse , impotent one . 
  basically every nation in eastern europe thinks that you ( certain western countries ) suffer from suicidal tendencies ( regarding migration ) . 
  why should they participate in this ? 
  is being batshit crazy the new standard for civilisation ? 
  what german politicians want is seen as sucide pact elsewhere . 
  why should anyone do it ? 
  to follow yet another crazy ideology into inevitable bitter end ? 
  oops , you are right , regular elections will be in 2016 . 
  the september 2015 date is for some by-elections . 
  the idea is that there will be guards at the border and they will allow in only those with valid id/visa/etc . 
  even this number ( 70 ) was strongly opposed by several politicians ( president & former president among them ) and iirc there was a poll where most were against . 
  it was correctly perceived as salami tactic and pressure by germany . 
  they deport but * extremely * expensively . 
  from [ this ] ( http://zeit.de/feature/refugees-in-germany-deportation-flights-laws ) article : deportation flight on 19th november 2014 to tbilisi , georgia . 
  * # of deportees : 18 * # of frontex staff : 57 * total cost 132,830 euro , meaning 7,380 euro per one deportee . 
  i bet luxurious trip around the world would be cheaper . 
  keeping promises is not a common habit of czech politicians . 
  it ( unilateral closing the border ) may eventually happen but right now everybody waits for someone else to make the first move . 
  my bet is on germany , then it will go fast . 
  this was pr action by the minister of interior ( he 's very ambitious ) . 
  he talked about sending powerful force of 20 policemen . 
  nothing came out of it , afaik . 
  yes , everything was there . 
  a mouse would n't be able sneak through . 
  former czechoslovakia had very effective border protection ( mainly to keep people from escaping to the west ) . 
  for this reason it sounds so attractive today . 
  hardly anybody here cares about greece . 
  it is intended for domestic consumption . 
  the key point is closing the schengen , something what 80 % people here support . 
  i perceive it as ( a ) pre-elections propaganda and ( b ) verbal preparation for unilateral closing of the border , if germany does not act quickly enough . 
  czech army was already asked to prepare plans for sending soldiers to guard them . 
  czech reductor of power flows should be ready [ by the end of 2016 ] ( https://www.ceps.cz/eng/media/pages/faq.aspx ) and i read somewhere the construction is coordinated with poland . 
  this proposal does not mean any action by czech state right now . 
  it is targeted mainly to the public : in two months we have regional * and * senate elections and babi\u0161 ' party already leads the polls . 
  because of the mood among the people ( ~ 80 % are against * any * illegal immigration and they see it major problem ) he is now trying to ensure complete victory . 
  i believe all these countries are impatiently waiting on germany to give the signal . 
  i believe all these countries are impatiently waiting on germany to give the signal . 
  czech republic would be glad to shut down its borders too if germany does . 
  it would solve the current uneasy state when czech policians fear to do anything by themselves . 
  the army claimed it can deploy up to 2,500 soldiers to protect the border . 
  i had to look it up , what does it mean . 
  but indeed , it was there . 
  brno is largest city in moravia . 
  nothing of note happens there . 
  unless it is staged and/or edited it really did portray reality as it is , not as some wish it to be . 
  in the czech republic there 's slow steady downward trend in public trust since 2004 when we entered eu .
