  in 2003 , before veolia , the cost of cubic meter of water was czech crown 37,30 . 
  in year 2012 it was 83,30 ( among of the highest in the country ) . 
  the cost increased by 87 % in 7 years . 
  inflation during the period was much lower . 
  details in czech language , including price and inflation in each year [ here ] ( http://www.vodarenstvi.com/okres-zlin/vodne--stocne.php ) . 
  edit : and [ here ] ( http://www.vodarenstvi.com/templates/content-left-right/2012/a01-zisky-z-vody-2012-veolia-zlin-ol-prostejov.pdf ) ( pdf ) is a graph with profits made by veolia in the region during last dozen of years ( cyan color ) . 
  profit made by the subsidiary owned by the city of zl\u00edn ( they manage water pipes infrastructure , veolia took only the profitable parts ) in in dark blue color . 
  pleuchorax is heavily downvoted but he 's factually right . 
  in 2010 there were exactly 78 people from dr congo ( and 48 from the other congo ) living legally in the czech republic and surely there 's no trend to invite immigrants from africa in this country . 
  [ statistics in czech language , table 2 , second page ] ( http://www.cizinci.cz/files/clanky/704/bulletin_25.pdf ), 
  the utilities were sold by cities to foreign companies , mostly french . 
  it was claimed these companies have enough of capital and will invest it into improvement of the distribution system . 
  ( the promised large scale investments did n't materialize . ), 
  because of widespread fears of prices going up the agreements had clauses forbidding spurious price increases . 
  what happened is that these clauses were n't worth of the paper written on . 
  i ascribe it to corruption of city officials . 
  these privatised water utilities also were ineligible for financial support from the eu . 
  cities who still own them obtained in recent years large sums to modernise their tubes , the private owners could not . 
  the czech government had never ever stepped in and set any limit on water prices , afaik . 
  what i wanted to stress is that the former czechoslovak regime back then succeeded in lifting up social level of the poor and uneducated people and gypsies were the only exception . 
  the mantra `` jobs + education '' has been tried in practice , for long time . 
  the situation today is different and generally much worse . 
  in czech republic many of city water utilities were privatised during the early 90 's . 
  the main result are price increases every year , over thousand of percents over the time . 
  i 'll tell you about gypsies in the czech part of former czechoslovakia , during the rule of communist party ( slightly over 40 years ) . 
  the country was relatively prosperous and its leaders believed the gypsy problem is merely social . 
  they did believe that if they provide them with jobs and their children will have to attend schools everything will eventually turn to better . 
  for nearly 40 years gypsies had to work ( it was against the law not to ) and jobs were plentiful . 
  manual jobs they usually held were paid much better than , for example , teachers or technicians , so they were better off then most . 
  the children had to go to schools , otherwise children benefits were cut down . 
  all education was free of charge and gypsy children studying at higher levels were especially supported by the state . 
  gypsies were intentionally provided with new flats in city centers among the native population , to support their integration . 
  it failed , in every respect . 
  gypsies preferred jobs without supervision and their work morale was low ( even for the era ) . 
  in spite of relatively high salaries they did n't develop middle class culture . 
  their children often failed up to show in schools and the parents did n't value education at all . 
  most kids thus were n't able to finish primary education . 
  integration attempts failed too - they lived next to the natives but kept no contact with them . 
  violent crime was then very low , with just one significant exception - gypsies . 
  during the same period very poor rural areas got on the same social level as cities , higher education became universal and criminality was almost unheard of . 
  only gypsies had resisted sucessfully to all of this . 
  czechoslovakia was n't exactly stable . 
  it broke down in 1939 , was questioned in 1968 ( resulting in federalization ) and broke again after 1989 . 
  even if contemporary politicians were pure angels the tensions would make their way eventually . 
  unstable union was replaced by two countries with nothing against each other , no fear of cultural assimilation , no squabbling over money transfers . 
  maybe that 's better model for europe , not the colossus on clay legs . 
  because it works better in long term . 
  take czechoslovakia as an example . 
  instead of unstable union there are now two countries with nothing against each other , no fear of cultural assimilation , no squabbling over money transfers . 
  32 thousand . 
  the media now report up to 32t people are pardoned by the amnesty . 
  in addition to those 5t released from jails there are : * about 14.5 t people sentenced conditionally * 12.2 t people sentenced to public works * 330 people in house arrest the much criticised amnesty by president vaclav havel in 1990 affected 23t . 
  the largets ever amnesty in czechoslovakia was in 1960 , it affected about 213t ( about 7t were released from jails and work camps ) . 
  the media are full of stories of crimes by these amnestee . 
  one murder was made . 
  he had pardoned several big fraudsters before , for medical reasons . 
  those people were untreatable and dying but the amnesty healed them miracuously . 
  rumors that he ( and his presidential office ) sells pardons had appeared a year ago . 
  a female police officer sentenced for small scale corruption had bragged all around she will get pardoned . 
  and it had happened . 
  the case made it into the media , was even investigated by the police but after a while it got dropped . 
  it is actually worse . 
  klaus wanted to amnest his cronies , those who looted the republic during the 90s , but instead of doing it straight he also released huge number of small criminals too . 
  of those ~ 7000 released about 5500 are gypsies . 
  from [ relevant article ] ( http://www.tribune.cz/clanek/27772-miliardova-nemocnice-miri-do-bazaru ) , translated :  according original visions the institution should have looked differently . 
  * the main problem is that instead of research institute with small number of hospital beds a giant hospital grew up * , says the formed chief of staff . 
  from [ czech language article ] ( http://www.tribune.cz/clanek/27772-miliardova-nemocnice-miri-do-bazaru ) , translated by me :  according to sedivy [ former army chief of staff , later official of the ministry of defense ] it is now unrealistic to expect a cooperation with other countries . 
  only the us could have been interested . 
  they have many bases in europe and could treat their soldiers there . 
  but this idea fell down due to changes in us strategy as they are leaving all battle zones . 
    futhermore , once we say we 'll move foreign pacients hit by biological weapons here local politicians will raise in protest . 
  [ a video about the hospital ] ( http://www.army.cz/en/ministry-of-defence/newsroom/video-gallery/the-biodefence-center-techonin-48062/ ) ( in english ) . 
  according to recent [ czech language article ] ( http://www.tribune.cz/clanek/27772-miliardova-nemocnice-miri-do-bazaru ) on a medical website the hospital will most likely get closed . 
  it is unused , no other european country is interested in sharing , czech republic has empty coffers and the army budget was bled white by systemic mismanagement and corruption . 
  slovaks , a little nation , was almost destroyed by the ruling hungarians . 
  neither germans nor soviets have ever managed that much . 
  only people who never met a gypsy in person would believe such texts . 
  once it happens you know who they really are . 
  common people do not care and czech politicians have traditional habit to obey some foreign power . 
  so now they just did what washington wanted . 
  two different nations with different ( though close ) languages , different history and culture and level economical development . 
  there were historical precedents - slovaks requested autonomy before the war and were semi-independent during it and they successfully demanded federalization during prague spring . 
   the netherlands has huge over capacity in detainment facilities . 
  what 's the reason ? 
  when there 's a referendum and elites decide to ignore inconvenient result ( like the refs about the eu constitution ) , how many points does it add ? 
  believe it or not , presidents 's role is mostly ceremonial , not executive . 
  the government could do better . 
  perhaps to give policemen more than few hours of trainig ( per year ) at the shooting range . 
   for some reason czech republic unofficially banned weapons export to ukraine ( ministry of industry revoked weapons export licenses from companies traded with ukraine ) . 
  it was eu recommendation from the last year . 
  it was ignored by some czech companies ( while the state looked aside ) , they shipped military equipment to ukraine until very recently . 
  it is also possible that un banned anti-personel landmines were sold too ( remnants were found after explosion in a privately operated ammunition dump ) . 
  in his book germany * will * attack poland but will end up defeated by this mighty superpower . 
  the text is sci-fi - soldiers in exoskeletons snatching energy from rooftop solar panels - and not very good at it . 
  ** czech republic ** * famous and expensive [ prague delicatessen shop ] ( http://www.janpaukert.com/about-company/ ) founded in 1916 had to be closed down temporarily . 
  food inspection found dirt , fungus and mice in places where they prepared sandwiches . 
  * catholic priest was sentenced to 5 years in prison for rape of 5 women . 
  the youngest was only 13 . 
  mildly interesting is his name ( * erik tvrdo\u0148 * ) which literally means `` hard on '' . 
  * former director of a large hospital is investigated for massive corruption and fraud .
