  this is something i do not understand : `` authority '' orders to jump down from a cliff and they did n't even consider other options ? 
  malta probably had no other choice but italy is n't small unimportant country which simply has to bend over every single time . 
  if lionshare means allowing growing hordes of unknown people to enter freely ... 
  if the final result will be collapse of italian society then what other word is fitting ? 
  international agreements are not something written in the sky , untouchable eternal truth to be followed to the last letter . 
  if you believe every twaddle there 's no hope for you . 
  italy or malta , as a way to offload consequences of their incompetence on someone else . 
  they talked about quotas years ago . 
  the main obligation of the society is to ensure its survival . 
  germans went crazy , once again , we are the sane ones . 
   politicians in central and eastern rurope are accountable to the people who elected them . 
  in the czech republic over 90 % people does n't want immigrants here . 
  this is something even the most traitorous politician needs to consider . 
  i have no doubt elites would sell us in a moment if we were not unified . 
  several years ( before ukraine ) ago i read that gazprom does n't plan to invest any more into the transit gas pipeline going through slovakia and the czech republic . 
  economy , ability to organize things , clean streets etc. 
  not as wanting germans to come here . 
  most of this is going to happen and not just in the czech republic . 
  imo the most realistic prediction of the future comes from [ stepan kotrba ] ( http://www.novarepublika.cz/2015/09/stepan-kotrba-masova-migrace-k-moci-se.html ) . 
  germany was very similar to what i was used to . 
  ireland felt as if from some other continent . 
  i am the type who does n't like change . 
  one austrian colleague had similar experience with britain . 
  many years ago i worked on some project in germany ( in aachen ) . 
  i really liked the place and how things worked well there . 
  i could imagine myself to live there ( unlike , say , ireland ) . 
  i also believe germany now tries to destruct itself once again , a double pity . 
  this call is pure pr for the locals . 
  while other top czech politicians still keep their head in sand he makes strong noises while actually doing nothing at all . 
  he is going to win the next elections being one eyed among the blind . 
  next to nobody here cares about the us ( when they do not screw up something badly ) . 
  germany is perceived as unattainable idol , except when it falls for some crazy ideology . 
  this pure pr for domestic consumption . 
  nobody cares what some guy from a small landlocked country thinks about ships . 
  he could do many useful things ( e.g close the borders ) but so far he did nothing . 
  more important are numbers of young males of military age . 
  progressive activists threaten to persecute people who disagree with their ideas . 
  they did recently the same in the czech republic . 
  ( i suspect it is coordinated campaign . ), 
  imo this is toothless , you can not throw everyone into jail and even couple of such attempts would backfire . 
   the eu has never been so sharply divided on an issue , not even on the greek bailouts . 
  slovak government fell down because of blackmailing from the eu , to pay the greeks . 
  good fence is necessary . 
  it is probably pan-european campaign . 
  two days ago czech state owned tv broadcasted similar brainwashing for kids , probably for the first time . 
  common european policy should be that germany takes them all . 
  no other country should be forced with this madness . 
   we do need to redistribute across the entire eu you invited them , the others did not . 
  you screwed up , your problem . 
  i wanted to point out to the op that canada can be very selective . 
  comparisons to current situation in europe are disingenious . 
  there were two waves of czech gypsies coming to canada , in 1997 and 2008 . 
  canada 's reaction both times was to establish very strict visa regime and deport all those who asked for asylum ( especially during the second wave ) . 
  they also changed tha laws to discourage further asylum requests . 
  it worked for several irish referenda . 
  in czech and slovak languages nouns * do not * have first letter uppercased , unless it happens to be the first word in sentence . 
  in czech and slovak languages nouns * do not * have first letter uppercased , unless it happens to be the first word in sentence . 
  canada deported undesirables like gypsies from the czech republic . 
  it happens to me when on lousy connection ( with chrome ) . 
  once i managed to generate three posts . 
  thanks , did n't notice this . 
  it was felt as something pressured upon us . 
  nobody cared about opinion of the people back then , no suprise they are all hostile to current blackmailing . 
  seeing your flag : i remember many weeks ago there was a spying scandal and pressure on the government to step down . 
  how did it end ? 
  back then people did post quite a few emotional appeals here but nobody bothered with some summary or `` post mortem '' . 
  yes , they repeated what they said on friday . 
  the czech pm guy [ repeated it once more today ] ( http://www.ceskenoviny.cz/news/zpravy/ec-failed-in-solving-migration-quotas-make-no-sense-czech-pm/1255977 ) . 
  czechs are practically unanimous against immigration ( a very rare phenomenon ) and politicians do not dare to go against this . 
  i do not push anything down one 's throat , i just do not wish to participate in something what i see as pure craziness . 
  most people happen to think the same . 
  you are free to help or whatever but please on your own . 
  poor country being flooded by aggressive hordes is not a win . 
  people who feel like you should not force their ideas on the others , instead they should pack up and go to help in person , instead of moralizing lectures . 
  this would be the real win-win situation . 
  well , it was not the czech republic who set up the system . 
  you could refuse but you did n't . 
  blame yourselves . 
  this involvement was deeply unpopular among the czech population . 
  what he said now is , however , shared by most of the czechs . 
  frex , in a recent poll 93 % people would deport refugees , only 6 % would allow them into europe . 
  suicidal pact is not perceived as solidarity . 
  you should fix your crazy ways , we are the sane ones . 
  is anyone preventing you to go to the middle east and spread the good ( tm ) everywhere ? 
  or do you rather wish other people pay money so * you * can feel good ? 
  there is something called food security . 
  unless you really believe in end of history ( tm ) and eternal summer without end ( tm ) you really do not wish to depend on unstable and/or hostile regions to deliver on your table . 
  today czech and slovak pms met with austrian pm . 
  they repeated they are against the quotas , austrian guy insisted on them . 
  there 's no law for national wide referendum in the czech republic . 
  politicians are too afraid . 
  czech politics is a mess . 
  traditional parties were discredited by never ending string of corruption scandals . 
  the real winner of last parliament elections was fan club of large oligarch , a party created out of nothing year before , with no prior political activity , even at local level . 
  it feels as if everything may happen , that nothing is predictable . 
  saying this : all relevant czech parties are against immigration . 
  some would close the borders , some are happy with words . 
  this tendency is undeniable and i see nothing reverting it in next few years . 
  just one example , a [ quote ] ( http://www.blisty.cz/art/78840.html ) by young communist euro mp :  there is no reason why the czech republic should bear responsibility for something it has not caused . 
  let the responsibility be born by the countries which have created chaos in the middle east .
