  pre-school education ( made free for gypsies ) - they did n't want to send kids in , even when it was made mandatory . 
  put hem in the same class as everyone - outright failure , chaos , violence , nobody learned anything , white kids eventually flee away . 
  restrict their opportunities - all schooling was and is free of charge and gypsy kids were always intensely supported by the state if they wanted to study . 
  it is their family who forbids this . 
  everything has been tried , everything failed . 
  the burden inherited from the family and the culture simply can not be handwaved away . 
   that is , unless you want mass lawlessness and social unrest on your hands twenty years down the line . 
  no need to wait 20 years . 
  the riots are already here and it escalates every year . 
  at least one sociologist predicted large scale ethnic conflict in the czech republic , years rather than decades away . 
  one result , he wrote , would be massive flight of most gypsies to the west . 
  the ** 0 ** for the czech republic does n't mean it is perfectly managed state . 
  during the early 2000 's cr went through massive bailout of local banks . 
  they soaked hundreds of billions czk . 
  this action massivelly increased the ( until then ) very low external debt . 
  foreign activists had combed out gyspy settlements for years for anything that could force the state to cough up more money . 
  they would not hesitate a second to bring this out . 
  the activists failed to extract money from this lie and that 's important . 
  the above mentioned minister was one of these activists trying to leech on this case , not a neutral party . 
  because of the failure you do n't hear tales about sterilization any more , the activists had dropped it and switched to more profitable accusations . 
  try for example blaming the czechs for bad treatment the gypsy kids , those little angels kept down by the monsters . 
  tell them to litigate the government , there 's good chance to make a killing on this . 
  according to laws only females could be sterilized , for medical reason , and so far only women were presented in the smear campaign . 
  ( male sexual criminals could be sterilized , but only after their written down consent . 
  there are handful of cases per year . ), 
  de-facto feral kids were indeed put into special schools ( not schools for mentally retarded , that 's another category ) . 
  classes there were smaller , teachers there had special training , the teaching process was slower , so they could catch up . 
  do you think this is wrong ? 
  if there 's someone to blame it is the gypsy parents who generally do n't care about their kids . 
  * you have to see them on your own eyes to internalize it , * there 's no way to convince you by writing about it . 
  but even the special schools were n't able to fix all the damage made in early age by ignorant parents . 
  the * common knowledge * was created by smear campaign to extract the money . 
  since this attempt failed ( courts had refused the financial claims ) the campaign was stopped . 
  it is no longer * common knowledge * . 
  and yes , you are probably right , the communist should ignore them and let them rot in slums ( only few percents were nomadic ) . 
  crazy fools they were . 
  no wonder their regime eventually went down like house of cards . 
  these are fairy tales invented to get more money . 
  for example the sterilisation was done strictly on medical reasons ( like when a women had ceasarean cut twice but i am no medical expert so do n't quote me ) . 
  the smear campaign failed to extract the money and stopped . 
  britain can take the gypsies , attempt to integrate them and after four decades the results can be compared . 
  maybe czechoslovakia was simply incompetent in everything . 
  experience of czechoslovakia suggests this is futile . 
  during communist regime everyone had a steady job , kids * had to * go to school , criminal and anti-social behaviour was not tolerated , ghettoes were not allowed to sprung up . 
  in spite of decades of trying it failed completely . 
  edit : typos, 
  if a problem can not be fixed then exporting it is quite an effective way to handle it . 
  it is fault of recipient countries , they should have protect themselves better . 
   i really have no idea how someone can fix a problem like this in the early 90 's many gypsies from romania came to the czech republic . 
  especially in stations of prague underground there were groups of female beggars , with brightly colored clothes and drugged toddlers in arms . 
  at this time we were n't in eu and shengen was non-existent so the police could and eventually did deport them . 
  i guess they found western europe more lucrative as this did n't repeat later , on such scale . 
  skoda and tpca ( toyota peugeot citro\u00ebn ) have larger problems than the hyundai plant . 
  many of the artists who did n't like to pander to the ruling ideology moved over to production for children . 
  it was its golden age . 
  the ability to earn foreign currency did help too . 
  did you see * sie kam aus dem all * series ( spadla z oblakov ) ? 
  [ intro music ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twdsb0jhfyi ) . 
  there was also [ coat of arms ] ( http://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/st%c3%a1tn%c3%ad_znaky_%c4%8ceskoslovenska#.c4.8ceskoslovensk.c3.a1_socialistick.c3.a1_republika_1960_-_1990 ) which was not continued . 
  money well [ spent ] ( http://www.efukt.com/21052_czech_porn_is_hilariously_horrible.html ) ( nsfw , nsfl , efukt.com , has link to its own reddit thread ) . 
  i found an audio file on [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/str%c4%8d_prst_skrz_krk ) . 
  most of them in hamburg . 
  after wwi czechoslovakia obtained 100 years lease on part of the port and transport on elbe was toll free . 
  polish szczecin was also used in early years of czechoslovak fleet . 
  there was also unsuccessful attempt to establish combined river-sea fleet on danube . 
  literally `` you ox '' ( you castrated bull ) but without negative connotations . 
  used mainly by teenagers . 
  quite funny when a girl says it to a guy . 
  all true . 
   i knew some czech guys in the states whose families back home raised rabbits for food . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's a czech thing or not . 
  yes , keeping rabbits was and still is very common . 
  they are delicious . 
  * ( put your finger through the throat . ), 
   the prague school , an early structuralist linguistics circle ( jerk ) their legacy is felt until now . 
  small kids in grammar schools are forced to learn lot of structural linguistics terminology and do the analysis . 
  too much emphasize here , instead of more reading . 
   if i recall correctly , it was not meant to keep the czechoslovak flag after breakup ( but it did ) yup . 
  before the dissolution a law was passed that stated that no successor state should use symbols of czechoslovakia . 
  this was so unpopular among the czechs that politicians decided to ignore it . 
   they have a lot of porn for such a small country . 
  i see this gets mentioned few times . 
  the porn production started in small in mid-90 's and it was atrocious . 
  however it was very cheap there and the industry grew up . 
  the main target was us . 
  lot of pornstars were from ukraine and other countries to the east - it was less problematic to fly them to prague than to move the production . 
  `` czech '' became something as a brand . 
  the happy times are now over . 
  the industry is down worldwide and much of czech production had stopped . 
  even the major local producer , robert rosenberg , left the industry . 
  both czech republic and slovakia have massive car manufacturing sector ( cars per head slovakia has more ) . 
  manufacturing costs are more less the same . 
  slovakia is near germany , that 's why new car plants were established there . 
  the cars produced in both countries are cheap and small models . 
  this initially helped to ignore the car sales crisis , now even this segment has problems . 
  the old czechoslovakia has a large commercial fleet , seconds largest among landlocked countries after switzerland , though hardly superior to the polish . 
  during the 90 's the shipping was privatised by viktor kozeny , odious figure known as * pirate from prague * ( not because of these ships ) . 
  he sucked the company dry and let it bankrupt . 
   after the fall of the iron curtain , many people opposed volkswagen taking over skoda because they did n't like germany . 
  20 years later , skoda is providing many jobs and is established as a well respected brand while many other privatized companies went bankrupt in the 90s .
