integration is a process that 's needed to make multiculturalism work . 
   multiculturalism is lets put lots of people with different world views together in one room and start a fight . 
  i really do n't know where you got that definition but i 'd check my sources if i were you . 
  so when i post a video of a white , christian european being violent and out of his mind , will this be relevant frontpage material too ? 
  dae do n't know about baf\u00f6g ?!, 
  germany does nothing for germans amirite guise ? 
  thank you . 
  it 's so obvious that a large number of commenters here are just using this to push their narrative . 
  this subreddit has basically transformed into a tabloid . 
  yeah , but it 's different because those people are not muslim or of a different skin tone , you see . 
  their rude behavior integrates better into our western culture . 
  however when muslims behave in that way , it just shows that they want shakira law and behead your job !, 
  the syrian war is a conspiracy !!, 
  nobody died there !, 
  jet fuel cant melt steel beams !, 
  i agree , we need a shooting order and military at the camps . 
  for how long ? 
  how is it about jobs when they do n't get work permits ? 
  stop taking my tax money while whining about some god damn trains as if they 're more valuable than human life . 
  pathetic . 
  mhh , keep it coming . 
  hungary gets loads of eu development funding which i as a tax payer put my money into without being asked . 
  throw it out of the eu and let them live out their neo-nationalist ideology in full glory . 
  we 'll see how things are here and there in 10 years . 
  if your vacation looks like in that video , you 're doing it wrong . 
  they wo n't stay there , they will be sent back according to eu law because they wo n't be granted asylum . 
  ahh , the smell of propaganda in the morning . 
  are you completely insane ? 
  people do n't chose to live in ghettos . 
  hungary can go fuck itself frankly . 
  orban is a maniac and i 'm yet to see one single person from hungary on this sub that is not a complete hatemongerer and has a spark of ethical thinking or european spirit left in them . 
  they only take european fund money and do n't give a shit about the actual union . 
  we from the rich countries are paying for your shit , that 's why its relevant . 
  those poor trains , why does n't anybody think of the trains ?!, 
  yes , this sub is a bastion of intelligence and enlightenment . 
   this is n't exactly what she said then why do you write it ? 
  you know exactly you 're just spreading the same misinformation bullshit you are complaining about , just because it fits your rant . 
  why are poor eastern europeans better than poor arabians ? 
  germany only pays them enough to keep them healthy on a day-to-day basis . 
  in fact it means `` god is great '' not greater . 
  but the propaganda wheel just keeps on spinning . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  not surprised to see you here, 
  the people in the video will get sent back to ghana . 
  but until then / r/europe can continue laughing at the stupid black men and theorize about the end of western civilization . 
  this subreddit has become an ugly satire of its former self . 
   it seems / r/europe has basically become a tabloid . 
  this is on point . 
  not surprised to see it at the bottom of the thread as usual . 
  multiculturalism is integration , not people being jammed together in damp tents in remote areas . 
  you should ask yourself why . 
  he must enjoy living in damp tents with dozens of others . 
  does your friend like living in tents , not being allowed to go to a proper school or to seek work , only getting enough to survive on a day-by-day basis and getting sent home after ~ 12 months ? 
  then yeah , you should advise him to do that . 
  i 'm sure the people in the video are much better of than your friend . 
  this thread is pure cancer . 
  you 're being downvoted for being humanitarian , fyi . 
  this subreddit hates morals , ethics and humanitarianism if the topic are refugees . 
  haha , arent you the guy that hates migrants but always desperately claims to be leftist ? 
  i do n't give a shit about lithuania but i care about refugees . 
  i do n't want to send more money down the drain in your country nobody cares for . 
  why are we even paying for you lazy asses ? 
  give me my tax money back . 
  hahaha , the comments in this thread are utterly hilarious fearmongering . 
  letting in 200 ( ! ), 
  muslim refugees would be the end of european civilization guise , amirite !, 
  / r/europe playing its a-game . 
  yay , another coontown loonie !, 
   no , it 's because children ca n't work . 
  refugees are not allowed to work , what the hell are you talking about . 
  your narrative has some severe leaks , buddy . 
  what the fuck , do you even know where somalia is ? 
  this is fucking low even for / r/europe standards . 
  good . 
  * [ triggered ] *, 
  and i gave you an answer . 
  the solution is to enforce the law . 
  how about not by setting things on fire ?!, 
  get the fuck out you pathetic person . 
  it 's all a zionist conspiracy !, 
  the mossad did this !, 
  another one for the / r/europe dictionary :  propaganda = opinions or facts i disagree with, 
  take your personal witch hunts somewhere else and let the mods to their job . 
  this is what happens when a cod player decides to comment on politics . 
   out of all the moderators he is the only one that gives the impression of agenda pushing the irony of that coming from someone like you is hilarious . 
  oh vey , racist propaganda is being removed from / r/europe for once !, 
  this is going to be the end of western civilisation !, 
  why did he rip apart a quran ? 
  dunno man , i hope you 're right but all i see is mods talking while radicals rule over the sub . 
  treating the right wing radicals of this sub the same as the regular guys is going to be the death of this subreddit . 
  tell me why i should come to this sub again ? 
  a better solution than racism ? 
  most refugees come from syria which is n't just a failed state but a country in the middle of one of the bloodiest wars in the middle east , buddy . 
  most from africa are being sent back . 
   also you got ta get into persona before you attempt at mocking a certain group of people . 
   because the real question is if we need more immigrants from africa and the middle east . 
  actually , that 's not the question at all mate . 
  fuck people that are different !, 
  we need a new reichsm\u00fctterprogramm to fight the brown scare !, 
  i am so afraid of foreign people even though i have never met a muslim in my life !,
