hey , i did n't say it was wrong that you did it !, 
  i was just kidding mate . 
  the moriscos beg to differ . 
  yeah , cool ... 
  when are the usa and certain eu countries gon na donate the remaining 20 + billions of dollars they blew to pieces in 1999 ? 
   serbs do n't give a fuck about kosovo that 's not true at all . 
  what the fuck ? 
  i did n't need to know that but thanks for answering . 
  what was it ? 
  so what if he 's a doctor ? 
  vojislav \u0160e\u0161elj is also a doctor , but i do n't hear about bosniaks or croats mindlessly hating him any less because of his title . 
  i 've never seen andreas 's work showing all the destroyed mosques in kosovo , and i do n't even believe there is one ( really ? 
  managing to find and photograph every single one of them ? ) . 
  and every single report he wrote , be it 10-pages or 10000-pages , might still be exaggerated pieces of evidence to be used against milosevic . 
  and i 'm not going to look for those reports , because i do n't want to devote so much of my life to a pointless internet argument . 
  and you need n't bother about it either , because frankly , i do n't give a shit about it . 
  now calm your tits please . 
  nah , that 's not why i think he might be unreliable . 
  i think that now even more because of his `` research against karadzic , mladic and milosevic '' . 
  he could 've just made that up so he has more evidence against milosevic in court . 
  that 's apparently an estimate though . 
  nevermind , i guess we 'll never surely know the real numbers unless we count them all , one by one . 
  i see . 
  well , i doubt that the author pulled the information out of nowhere . 
  as i said , the page might 've been deleted , or it might not even be the website same to the one you linked . 
  the first one does n't look like a super reliable source to me given that it was written by a guy named andras riedlmayer . 
  he was most likely there as a nato soldier/officer/whatever but ok , at least you are n't pulling information out of your ass . 
   www.interfaithkosovo.org totally unbiased . 
  edit : that interfaithkosovo website also cites andras riedlmayer 's writing , so i doubt its genuinity . 
  where does it cite that website ? 
  i ca n't find the citation . 
  anyways , this is an old pdf , and that page might have been deleted . 
  and i do n't know what 's so unbelievable about that number , to be honest . 
   moreover serbia destroyed more than 40 % of the mosques in kosovo , that 's 218 in total numbers . 
  what ? 
  when ? 
  i hate to be the guy who asks for a source , but one would be nice . 
  and what about [ this ] ( https://www.ictj.org/sites/default/files/ictj-formeryugoslavia-kosovo-legacy-2004-english.pdf ) pdf ? 
  that 's the source for the statement . 
  i 'm on my phone right now so i do n't know for sure if it 's a good source , but it does start describing the 2004 pogrom so i guess it mentions the number of destroyed/damaged churches/monasteries as well . 
  literally the first sentence on that wikipedia page . 
  not sure why , because that sounds perfectly fine to me . 
  but , in my experience , saying `` am not '' ( nisam ) or the longer form of `` am '' ( jesam ) is a bit more common instead of saying simply yes/no . 
  and if anything , i 'd say that saying `` am hungry '' or `` am not hungry '' sounds a bit weird . 
  it takes too long to say . 
  then again , it depends on where your fianc\u00e9e is from , really . 
  of course those are lies . 
  nowhere in serbia will you find a history teacher who teaches his class that all croats are catholic serbs and that all bosniaks are muslim serbs . 
  however , a lot of serbian refugees in vojvodina were forcefully converted to catholicism and later accepted croatian culture . 
  this was during the time of the ottomans and it 's a fact . 
  but , no one says that this is how croats came to be ; croatia was a kingdom long before the ottomans even existed . 
  also , a lot of serbs ( also croats , but to a lesser extent simply because there were less of them ) were forcefully converted to islam during ottoman rule . 
  this is how bosniaks came to be . 
  there was a bosnian kingdom before the ottomans , but they were really just half-serbs , half-croats . 
  serbs lived in the east , croats in the west . 
  obviously , this is an oversimplification but it 's close to the real thing . 
  as for the downvoting ; it may not be you but someone 's downvoting me . 
  eh , there 's kids everywhere . 
  and do n't think i downvoted you , someone else might 've but i have n't . 
   when serbia conquers my friend , all conquests are aggressive . 
  all of them . 
  and every war is going to be dirty and there 's going to be war crimes . 
  and if you say how serbia conquered aggressively , i do n't know what you have to say about turkey or the british empire , because to compare serbian conquests with those is laughable and utterly ridiculous . 
  which brings us to the germany thing : comparing germany 's acts during wwii and serbia 's acts through the yugoslav wars ( or through its whole history , from the 7th century to the present , for that matter ) is absolutely ridiculous . 
  and lastly , you 're acting as if serbia has fucking annexation plans for half of the world . 
  which is , for the record , quite untrue . 
  no no no , i did n't say that all of the western news sources were biased . 
  but some of them were . 
  and that 's pretty much it . 
  operation storm was an ethnic cleansing , not a military liberation . 
   serbs left on their own no , they were forced to leave . 
  those 2500 who chose not to leave were killed . 
  but whatever , it 's not like it matters now , can we please stop talking about it ? 
  lol mate are you fucking serious right now ? 
  `` there will be no peace until serbia is crushed and weak '' ? 
  i see that there 's no point in reasonably discussing this with you , as you are either an overly-patriotic croat or the same kind of bosniak . 
  you downvoted every post of mine so far , and are making bullshit assumptions on the serbian education system . 
  `` serbs de-serbified '' . 
  wow . 
  no comment . 
  yeah , on the radar of some people , but much more people know about srebrenica . 
  but yeah , the west actively supported the croats and bosniaks during the war and western news sources were heavily biased against serbs , so i suppose that 's why everyone knows how a massacre happened in srebrenica , but no one knows that operation storm was an even larger ethnic cleansing , even though less people were killed . 
  wrong , there will be no peace only if we bash each other on every anniversary of every massacre and keep holding grudges . 
  what i meant to say is , most people are over the yugoslav wars ( excluding the kosovo war , of course ) . 
  and how , exactly , are people supposed to react to these news ? 
  am i supposed to fall into a depression now ? 
  am i supposed to cry because 20 years ago , a massacre happened ? 
  yeah , sure , it was really bad and some people are still mourning over the losses of their friends and family . 
  but what do i have to do with that ? 
  the ones responsible are either in jail or are constantly hiding . 
  we do n't need to hate each other for 200 years now . 
   almost all serbs i do n't know where you got this from , but the fact is , pretty much nobody in serbia gives a shit about some un resolution which means nothing to us . 
  and i do n't see a problem with people being against the un ruling that their nation committed genocide , when it has n't . 
  it was a few individuals unaffiliated with the government . 
  you misunderstood my post mate . 
  maybe it 's because i was tired while writing it last night and was n't very clear . 
  and you clearly missed my point , which was n't `` the others did stuff too '' . 
  it was that serbs are endlessly bashed for `` hiding crimes '' and their unwillingness to acknowledge their crimes and forgive those of others , while that 's simply not the case . 
  the storm fact i brought up was n't a point of `` they did stuff too '' , but an actual example of hiding crimes and even doing something much worse about them ( fucking celebrating them , and literally throwing it in the face of the victims and their descendants ) . 
  yet , i 've never seen someone on here bashing croats for it .
