i just read up on it . 
  unfortunately i 'm unable to find the original statement , but i found an english source that he said `` i do n't ** think ** about numbers '' which would be a different thing than `` care '' in my eyes . 
  anyways , you are right that he is definitely very liberal . 
  he is actually in the spd , but apparently he criticized the other bundesl\u00e4nder more than once for leaving bavaria alone with the problem . 
  also munich has a 2nd mayor from the csu that represented him during his vacation and he was obviously way more conservative which led to a little argument between those two . 
  so the question of fault seems a little more unclear when it comes to munich in particular . 
  after reading a little further i wo n't say you 're entirely wrong . 
  it just seems a bit more complicated . 
  and your point is ? 
   this is the future munich chose . 
  bavaria is ruled by csu which is the only established party in germany that wanted the borders back and spoke up against this crisis for months before something happened . 
  the people he is talking about are none of anything you just mentioned . 
  he is just a moron who used the term `` eastern europeans '' because he did n't dare to say gypsies . 
   * threatened with hunger strike * i do n't get these ridiculous hunger strikes . 
  why should it be anyone 's problem if they refuse to eat something ? 
  a positive change can definitely happen if you add something of value , but i ca n't see anything positive in islam that does n't already exist in my culture . 
  all i can see are tons of bad things that we do n't have yet . 
  that 's not an enrichment . 
  it 's a downgrade . 
  til having a good time is offensive . 
  punching someone in the face is not . 
  where did he attack non-criminals ? 
  he only said that every criminal is one criminal too much and did n't even write a single sentence about refugees in general or about any person who did n't commit a crime . 
  you 're putting words into his mouth . 
   but this one stands out a bit , at least as far as i know . 
  the bertelsmann-stiftung might be one of the most criticized institutes . 
  there are tons of articles , opinions and even entire sites about it . 
  that this guy `` did a quick search and could n't find much '' is completely unbelievable . 
   it still sounds harsher than most other languages . 
  i will probably never get why people think so . 
  your downvote tastes delicious . 
   and all the women in the west i do n't get the need for sexism here . 
  i know tons of women who are n't overly emotional morons and also enough who are fed up with this crisis . 
  saying `` all the liberals '' is more than enough to make a point . 
  this `` news '' is from august 5 . 
  just sayin ' . 
  i 've never heard that they 're `` insane '' and you ca n't provide a source that this is the opinion of `` most germans '' . 
  so i do n't know what you are trying to tell me . 
  okay , so no source . 
   most germans see the csu as insane source ? 
  csu criticised the immigration policy of cdu for several months now . 
  okay , so s/he did n't ~ ~ say ~ ~ write it . 
  thanks . 
  edit : had to rephrase it because of the childish moron below . 
  can you please quote me the part where s/he talks about ethnics ? 
  i 'm unable to find it . 
  thanks in advance . 
  wtf are you even talking about ? 
  there was n't a single racist statement in their entire comment . 
  again : tent villages and wildcamping are not allowed . 
  they would n't even last 48 hours , before the police would force them to move and then they would also check their id . 
  i do n't know where you live , so maybe camping somewhere in the wild is a common thing in your area , but tent villages would be completely against the law in germany and simply would n't last , which is also the reason why we do n't have said tent villages anywhere around . 
  that makes me sick . 
  i 'm so fed up with these maniacs . 
  [ good job on going full retard due to a harmless joke . 
  thanks , although you probably did n't even leave your basement . 
   * they ca n't be expected to stay there with terrorists ruling the country . 
  * they can be expected to not fucking stab police officers into the stomach . 
  whoever did this was already save when s/he did it . 
  there was no terrorist behind them . 
  you obviously do n't live in germany . 
  there is no way you can build and live in an entire illegal tent village here without anyone informing the police . 
  in most cases you ca n't even wildcamp for more than two days at the same place before someone tells you to leave or at least ask who the fuck you are . 
  i 'm with you on that one . 
  i just have the feeling that they wo n't get officially kicked out that fast in the first place , although i know that they 're already working on it . 
  i 'm fairly certain that they only do it because they are dicks . 
  i really hope you are right . 
  seriously , i really do . 
  but i became such a pessimist over the past weeks . 
  how about we send them back where they came from instead ? 
   * reported by the dm * it 's legit . 
  there were many serious german news sources before the daily mirror picked it up and it 's still a big topic here in germany . 
  that is victim blaming at its best . 
  as a refugee he most likely saw some serious shit that made him tearing out some pages of the book . 
  it does n't even matter if he had his reasons or not . 
  if it was n't his then he should pay a few buck to the owner for a new one . 
  that 's all . 
  there is no need for 50 rioting maniacs to rip apart his ass . 
  this is germany and not some third world country . 
  if our government had some balls they would immediately send them back into the war zones where they came from . 
  nope . 
  the riots began when someone ripped out a page of a quran . 
  i guess we all know why they shouted it . 
  that 's what humans do . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was just a reflection on your screen . 
  protect them from what ? 
  what would happen to them if they would use said carpet instead ? 
  yes , they would be free to do whatever they want in their mosque if there was already one . 
  since it 's a democracy just ask the entire population if they want one in their country and see what the majority answers . 
  for what ? 
  praising the lord ? 
  as far as i know that also works on a carpet for 10 bucks . 
   in the end , all the afd voters are doing is ... not skipping the elections , sending a direct message , not voting for the hostile parties that betrayed them and making use of their democratic right . 
  if this leads to an unwanted result then it 's still the fault of every brainwashed german who did n't do the same . 
  not theirs . 
   there 's still the possibility of turning them into skilled workers and functional members of society . 
  teach me , master !, 
  you are right and i ca n't believe that people still believe in these bullshit polls . 
  they are in no way representative [ or even trustable ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/sonntagsfrage#kritik ) . 
  if you want to know what people really think then go on the streets and ask them personally .
