na , you 're trying too hard . 
  you could say that your just a * wannabe * , bato . 
  hey , you 've got the reserves of the ljubljanska banka which the nlb does n't want to share with their owners . 
  all the gastarbeiter moneyyy . 
  i do talk like a normal person , but i just looked at your 3 day old reddit history and i 'm just sorry . 
  and to answer you question : they 're butthurt because of their reception in the west with what happened during the yugoslavian wars , they see themselves misunderstood and the others as the wolves in sheep 's clothing , and if you count in for the wider history how they were the true defenders of christianity and europe as a whole from the islam invasion etc pp, 
  it 's okay , it 's gon na be all good . 
  you just have to open up . 
  you can be honest with me , do you need someone to talk to ? 
  it would be still a shit hole . 
  or some afd voters . 
  if serbia is n't butthurt i do n't know who else is . 
  but realisticly not alone in this state of mind . 
  source : serb myself . 
  exactly . 
  that makes it totally legitime to life in an parallel society in spur own little ghettos . 
  now i got it . 
  idiots will always find a way to incorporate things for their `` cause '' . 
  it 's just all about provocation and identifying with what your opponent hates etc. 
  pure provokation . 
  and stupidity of course . 
  no , no . 
  you do n't unterstand . 
  us eastern europeans do have pure blood . 
  okay , it may be mixed but it 's still pure inherently . 
  we just got the best mix . 
  some german settlers here , some slav peasant here , a turk invader there , and do n't forget about the horseback raiders from the farer east . 
  if we 're lucky there will even be a goat inbetween !, 
  it 's just that the purest and best from the best mixed here . 
  * ouch * * ouch *, 
  * ouch *, 
  pathetic behavior and utmost hypocritical . 
  eu immigrant targeting other eu immigrants . 
  and wenn the shit goes down the eu will be blamed again . 
  i ' m sorry for you but fuck 'em, 
  sorry , mate . 
  yeah , i 'm serious . 
  i think because back in the day ( post war economy ) ketchup was cheaper to get and true pizza tomato sauce was n't to buy from the shelf or such things ? 
  it stayed that way as is tradition . 
  my cousin who visited us once abroad ate a true italian/sicilian pizza with us . 
  he said it was `` shit '' and better at home ... 
  better than ketchup . 
  so many pizza places in serbia do n't put a tomato sauce on the pizza but give you regular ketchup so you can spread it yourself on the toppings . 
  * just disgusting * . 
  okay , i did n't got it that way . 
  nevermind then . 
  is it the joke he made ? 
  * hahahahah * good jokes  organized  work together  slavs, 
  that 's true but what about religion ? 
  where is the source on this ? 
  i ca n't find it here . 
  i do n't doubt it at all but i would like to see where it 's from . 
  i 'm not sure if i can feel bad about the idiots who votes for their own bad . 
  let them eat shit and learn it the hard way - which they wo n't either . 
  on the other hand i 'm sorry for the voters not the leave the eu . 
  but in the end it 's all about self-determination . 
  what 's the government plan for re-introducing conscription in croatia ? 
  who will be affected ? 
  the cemetery is situated on the west side of the river which is the croatian side . 
  on the other side of the road are 2-3 kafane and a restaurant if i recall right . 
  the people sitting there . 
  if all sights of the city would be that we 'll maintained . 
  i was there in may '16 with a group of german architecture students and we also took a look at the partisans cemetery on the right site of the river . 
  what a shame it is , full of fascist usta\u0161a graffiti , dirty , overgrown and partly destroyed . 
  and the people seeing us visiting it were so full of aversion etc. 
  but you could still se the beauty of bogdanovi\u0107 ' work . 
  and i 'm sitting hear and thinking `` koj vam kurac ? 
  maybe i should try some normal frog to get used to the taste ... 
  split 3 ( ? ), 
  is awesome . 
  a city in the city . 
  perfectly planed for pedestrians . 
  so a pok\u00e9square ? 
  i would go with the second , it 's more collegial . 
  you could also use * angie * or * mutti * . 
  i would go with the second , it 's more collegial . 
  you could also use * angie * or * mutti * . 
  i actually know a couple from across all over the old republic . 
  they exist but some of the time do n't speak it out loud or change their `` belonging '' out of other interests . 
  but yeah , in the balkans ethnicity and religion are heavily linked - but in my understanding more because religion `` changes '' your ethnicity after at least the third generation . 
  i 'm not an official translator so :p, 
  just as i was told back in the days . 
  what really saddens me is the mindset of `` ours '' and `` we '' ( willingly excluding the others ) . 
  people were living side by side as neighbors and friends on the same soil . 
  it was theirs on both or all three sides like it was mine , his fathers and her grandmothers . 
  educate , educate , educate . 
  yourself and others . 
  learn to see the patterns and do your part to dismantle them . 
  roughly :  i ca n't even eat as much as i wanted to puke !, 
  i know what you mean and i think i know what he wants to say : this genocide in particular was religiously or at least motivated from pure hate . 
  the motivations behind the yugoslavian wars on the other hand were much broader . 
  in short like you said : land grabbing and along ethnic tensions . 
  religion here was for the higher ups a card to play out . 
  my 2-3 sentences will clearly come too short for this topic but : this is n't a singular event , people need to understand that this is an expression of a phenomenon which does n't know borders and ethnics lines - a bigger picture and such events are `` just '' the symptoms showing . 
  blame has to be spoken out and consequences to be taken , criminals getting tried for and measure of all kinds to be taken to prevent such events in the future and forever . 
  it 's ours to prevent such things with all needs necessary - beginning in our every day lives - but the most important thing is in my understanding : educate . 
  yourself and others . 
  learn from the past , history is just repeating itself because people are forgetting it and do the same mistakes over and over again . 
  recognize the patterns and work to dismantle them . 
  there is n't a single day which i 'm not thinking about this events of our past .
