  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xzmwl1cgk4 those were condoms full of purple flour , not paint . 
  but i guess people were afraid it might 've been anthrax . 
  also , fuck this shit . 
  90 % of the time it 's booing . 
  like you 're in a shitty pub and someone is trying to talk . 
  it 's horrendous . 
  it 's a difference that 's similar to discussion vs debate . 
  talking in this sense is more of discussing , rather than trying to put out your opinion , defend it and never give one cm to the opposition ( like most do in debates ) . 
  100 % agree , it 's quite a shitshow there . 
  so that explains why they 're always so fucking cranky whenever we see them on tv . 
   honestly though , it probably would help if they had a bit more room . 
   in february 1942 , heavy artillery unit ( e ) 672 reorganised and went on the march , and schwerer gustav began its long ride to the crimea  the siege of sevastopol was the gun 's first combat test . 
  you were [ only off by ~ 1200 km ] ( https://puu.sh/wuynn/bb71d0368c.jpg ) . 
  i do n't think sarcasm is the correct term for that . 
  exaggeration seems spot on though ... 
  he 's using a lot of hyperboles . 
  yeah , both can take the average and move to denmark . 
  plus the guy who posted it is pro-brexit , a famous british comedian and also in the picture , which makes it self-deprecating humor . 
   revenge and terrorism are n't mutually exclusive . 
  correct . 
  except the problem was in him saying `` this was just revenge '' as if it 's nothing else . 
  i wish more people would normalize their audio output ... often i get a video where you can barely hear what someone is saying , which means i need to increase the volume until there 's really fucking loud action going on which almost hurts my ears and forces me to lower the volume again . 
  this better be good ... 
  correct . 
  just replace it with a turkish/ottoman flag instead . 
  the ones that compare brexit to cheese ? 
  i dunno , there 's probably a good reason . 
   ( fyi i think most people watch both . ), 
  personally i love zondag met lubach and that 's pretty similar to last week tonight but with better jokes ... 
  in nl we do n't really use decimeters in spoken language often ... deciliter ( dl ) however is used a lot . 
  there are a lot of images that people are n't murdered for . 
  `` these '' being ? 
  let 's be honest , he did say  moderate muslims i do n't get how you could think that the people that did the attack on charlie hebdo are moderate muslims . 
  even more saddening are the upvotes . 
  if he meant the consulate : https://puu.sh/w8hqg/2d07df1410.jpg http://international.sueddeutsche.de/post/67469252824/frankfurt-an-american-military-intel-metropolis, 
  huh , so you guys hate corporations now ? 
  then why did you vote for a guy who leads your country like it 's a corporation ? 
  which part of the speech did you think was edgy ? 
  `` fe '' is much closer to `` the '' than `` ze '' would be . 
  imagine instead of ` thanks ' , you 'd say something like ` fangs ' . 
  disappointing if true ... got a source ? 
  if it 's in german that 's fine as well . 
  i 'll just put this here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9slbedmzmak, 
   also , if you knew the competition ( particularly in food ) between turks and greeks oh i know about that , i personally always saw it as a fun & passionate rivalry with a history behind it ; just like how the dutch and germans always diss eachother in football . 
  but i can understand that it can get out of hand pretty quickly . 
   regardless , i would n't be so presumptuous as to assume that this is universal . 
  i think that presumption was a joke , hence the '' :p '' much like the post by op , who explained that it was a shitpost . 
  still , have an upvote for expressing your opinions and explaining that you tried !, 
  on another note your post about the different kinds of turkish foods makes me wish we had a better availability of tulumba here . 
  mmmmm . 
  i 'd also love to get a ( bosnian ) \u0160ampita . 
  home is where the stomach aches for . 
  it 's ... beautiful !, 
  clear and concise !, 
  thank you . 
  but that 's not a humane solution ? 
  i see an `` ideal '' in the similar manner as a `` wishing for '' . 
  it is something you want to happen . 
  your ` ideal situation ' is for turkeys government collapsing , russia and greece stepping in ( which would mean oppressing the turkish people , or plunging the country into a civil war ) and giving that building to greece . 
  in my eyes , for the transfer of the building to actually be humane it needs to have the turkish government to stay and the muslims unanimously agree on `` giving '' that building and part of the land to greece . 
  sorry , i often edit my posts because i 'm not always happy with how i say things . 
  you probably saw the post before i edited it ( like 3 times even ) . 
  it was so close to posting that it 's not even showing up `` last edited '' . 
  but yeah , i do think that there is something inhumane about wishing russia would go to war with turkey just to transfer a building to greece . 
  ah so you meant * your * ideal , not ` the ideal ' , which is what you said earlier . 
  it would be an ideal solution only for you ( and other people who are orthodox ) ; not the majority who actually live in turkey . 
  now i get your ( solely religious and somewhat inhumane ) motivations . 
   because the orthodox ( in this highly unlikely scenario ) won the war and conquered something that was originally theirs . 
  except in the end the orthodox lost it :  constantinople fell to the attacking ottoman forces on the 29th of may in 1453 . 
  [ ... ]  one of the ulama present then climbed up the church 's pulpit and recited out the shahada , thus marking the beginning of the gradual conversion of the church into a mosque . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hagia_sophia what are you referring to ? 
  --  if they fought a war against the united states and won , it 's kind of their decision to make , like it or not ok , so you 're absolutely fine with the ottoman empire changing the hagia sophia in a mosque then !, 
  since they won that invasion etc. 
  so because you 're orthodox ( which , let 's be honest , does n't entitle you to anything ) people should `` give away '' a building that they 've had for hundreds of years after a war ? 
  taking this logic : so if i can get a native american to ask you to fuck off back to europe and let them have their country and its resources back , you and every american ( of european descent ) would do so , right ? 
  i 've got my doubts . 
   but the ideal is for it to become an orthodox temple again why would that be `` ideal '' ? 
   russia steps in and hands constantinople over to greece sounds like an act of war by russia . 
  russia should have no say in what happens on turkish ground . 
  yeah but pointing that out does n't matter ... 
  it 's like / u/schreckstoff said :  there 's no deserves this or that , ** practicably ** a mosque makes much more sense . 
  `` practicably '' being the key word here the mosque never changed hands after being taken over , in the sense that turkey owns it now . 
  it even got changes and additions in those 400 years . 
  the turkish government decides what to do with it . 
  at the moment it is a muslim majority country so making it a church/temple and ignoring those past 400 + years is most likely not going to be acceptable . 
  making it a museum was the best choice/compromise as it would at least ease tensions . 
   only about four hundred what part of long history of both do you not understand ? 
  it 's been a mosque for longer than your country even existed . 
  wew lad , ok maybe one more reply because the insults are pretty funny and easy jabs . 
   really poor reading comprehension obviously projection . 
   esl teenager i told you , i 'm not a teenager . 
  maybe you should stop saying i 've got `` really poor reading comprehension '' and actually read what i said . 
  you pride yourself on being an adult . 
  act like one . 
   judging by how hard headed your replies are , probably a muslim too all muslims are hardheaded , huh ? 
  more insults !, 
  yay . 
  how mature !, 
   add the muslim attribute to that twice !, 
  whoa !,
