  dumb garbage you picked up from the right wing nutjobs currently ruining our future . 
  congratulations , you are a useful idiot . 
   i 'm not saying it was the right choice to leave . 
  but it is understandable why someone would want to . 
  yes , of course it 's understandable . 
  they are dumb and ignorant . 
  who said there should be a strong leader ? 
  a strong leader is what the right wing nutjobs who currently vote for nationalist idiocy want . 
   is that what you learned on your first year university 40 hour university course ? 
  yes , it 's very simple stuff you learn very early into your academic career and you understand it better the longer you study these topics and then engage in working with them in the real world . 
   so you propose to end with nations . 
  yes . 
   that will work well in a planet with such unevenly distributed wealth , population and diverse moralities . 
  yes , it will work really well in the long term . 
   feel free to ignore . 
  a lie spoken without being challenged might as well be the truth . 
  i asked you a question : why do you comment at all ? 
   by the way first definition of cynical ah , so you are too dumb to understand a term beyond the first definition you find . 
  again : what malice and hatred ? 
   you are obviously the only person who 's opinion counts , and your hard work is obviously the only thing of any value . 
  no , not really . 
  again : does it make you feel better when you make things up ? 
  do you believe that demonizing people like me somehow makes the dumb choices of the idiots whom you support any less dumb ? 
  i am right , you are wrong . 
  it 's that easy . 
  and it has nothing to do with you disagreeing with me and me thinking i 'm always right , either . 
  your refusal to accept that is your personal problem . 
  i 'm literally trying to help you understand reality . 
  but you refuse . 
  because you feel hurt in your precious feelings . 
  because you ca n't accept that other people know better than you . 
  because you ca n't accept that some people are simply dumb . 
  stop with this self-aggrandizing and relativising behaviour . 
  it wo n't improve your situation . 
  not everything is grey . 
  not everything is a matter of opinion . 
  some things are evidently better than others . 
  some people are smarter and know better than others . 
   so if you 're looking for someone to blame for you looking like an extremely malicious and hateful narcissist , perhaps now would be a good time to look in the mirror ? 
  you really do n't get it , do you ? 
  you do n't even understand how harmful your views are to yourself and the future of your society , do you ? 
  you do n't even understand that the people to suffer the most will be the working class , huh ? 
  it wo n't be people like me . 
  hell , i will be the first to leave the sinking ship while people like you suffocate under a pile of your own shit . 
  so , why would i need to blame me ? 
  i 'm not the one fucking up our future . 
  i would have done what 's best . 
  others would n't . 
  and it 's not me who will have the shorter end of the stick . 
  it 's the people making those dumb decisions . 
  yourself included , i assume . 
  i will make the best out of any situation . 
  the only thing that will change is that i will start looking out for myself instead of trying to convince these idiots to do the right thing . 
  blame yourself for people like me exploiting people like you . 
  i tried . 
  i was young and naive and thought poorer and less educated people have just missed out and have the capacity to educate themselves , change and do the right thing . 
  but apparently they ca n't . 
  so it 's time for me to embrace that reality . 
  compassion seems to mean nothing . 
  trying to educate and convince them seems to mean nothing . 
  after this brexit , it has become evident to me that some people simply are better than others . 
  smarter , more educated , more compassionate . 
  simply better . 
  but sadly in the minority . 
  and that some people deserve to be poor and deserve to be exploited as cattle . 
  the working class brings it upon themselves . 
  there is no malice or hatred here , either . 
  it 's an emotionless statement of fact . 
   sanity ( from latin : s\u0101nit\u0101s ) refers to the soundness , rationality and healthiness of the human mind , as opposed to insanity . 
  a person is not considered sane anymore just if he/she is irrational . 
  acting against the interests of yourself due to delusions is not rational . 
  in case of global politics , acting against the long term wellbeing of human society and the planet should also be considered irrational . 
   sounds a lot like nazi germany or soviet mhm . 
  why do you comment at all ? 
  yes , evidence based . 
  based on simple mathematics and system theory . 
  the existence of nations is wasteful . 
  it 's inefficient and ineffective . 
  collaboration always beats competition . 
  larger united communities always beat smaller divided communities . 
  i do n't even know why you would believe otherwise . 
  notice how you - like everyone like you - have no arguments ? 
   are we still talking about the eu ? 
  yes . 
  the eu was a first small step towards a globalized world . 
   it 's an economical and political union not the return of jesus , do n't you think you 're going a bit too far ? 
  we are n't going nearly far enough . 
  we are backwards people with most of us apparently still believing in bullshit and backwards concepts such as nations/nationalism or religion . 
  we could be so much further developed as a species . 
   you 're pretty deluded if you think the whole debate around the eu is a simple good vs evil . 
  you are deluded considering that you believe i think that . 
   i thought after brexit people would realize it 's time to change rhetoric . 
  well , people should realize that nationalism must n't be tolerated and that nothing is more important than pushing globalization . 
  end national sovereignty on a global scale . 
  we are held back as a species by idiots such as those who support shit like brexit . 
   thank you for spelling out your malice and hatred toward people of different social class and/or political inclination . 
  what malice and hatred ? 
  for over a decade i worked actively trying to improve their situation . 
   in most cases , your types try to pretend to be somehow `` benevolent '' , so it 's refreshing to see someone so disturbed by reality hitting him in the face , that he openly professes his deep seated hatred instead . 
  uhm ... does it make you feel better when you make things up ?
