  yes , i am confident in my knowledge about the issues i talk about and i engage in reasonable discourse with other individuals that can prove me wrong . 
  you were asked to substantiate your claim . 
  you refused . 
  you are clearly full of shit . 
  so , why do you continue commenting ? 
  what do you gain from derailing constructive debate ? 
  are you a us nationalist who simply does n't like to hear negative things about his shithole of a nation ? 
  are you getting paid for this ? 
  really , what do you gain from this ? 
   there is no `` new great game '' in the middle east lol  you claim i do not have a basic education yes . 
   yet you only provide conspiracy theories without any support . 
  lol  you discount my comment with many citations your citations are all worthless . 
  repeat a citation you provided contradicting the position you pretended to contradict . 
   at least provide an rt or global research article . 
  why would i ? 
  for what ? 
   you are making yourself look like an idiot . 
  says the rambling american not understanding what the petrodollar is , the roots of conflicts surrounding the mentioned countries and regions and saying `` there is no new great game in the middle east '' . 
  seriously , what do you expect as a response to your garbage comments ? 
  you are trying to drag people on an intellectual level where you believe you can win . 
  you believe everyone believes the propaganda you believe . 
  your premises are a joke . 
  people disagree with you on a fundamental level and people from other countries disagree with you . 
  you know how you like to make fun of russians saying there are no russian soldiers in ukraine ? 
  or how you laugh at chinese people saying there is no censorship in their country ? 
  well , this is how the rest of the world feels every time an american believes to represent the good guys . 
  go away , american . 
  i will try to put this in the most simple terms possible : you are just a brainwashed idiot . 
  like 99 % of the people in your shithole of a nation . 
  you are the fucking worst criminals on the planet . 
  the worst warmongerers , the most undeserving of their power . 
  just learn to accept that and do something about it , overthrow your government and demand a left wing representation working on the betterment of human society and the planet ... or at the very least shut the hell up before even more people have to suffer and die because of your unsustainable and self-serving behaviour . 
  yeah . 
  alongside a lot of other corporations . 
  the fossil fuel industry and all related industries in general should be made to pay for generations of environmental destruction and anti-environmental-regulation corruption . 
  whether i believe it or not does n't really matter . 
  if you want to assert that i do n't understand american issues i talk about on this site , you should be able to give an example . 
  if you ca n't give an example , how do you justify your assertion ? 
  could you refer me to a comment of mine where i comment on us issues i do n't sufficiently understand ? 
  you literally said `` most oil exporters are not even on the list of major treasury holders . '', 
  in response to someone explaining how the us relies on the petrodollar and then went on a meaningless rant about what you perceive as impressive us accomplishments like `` research universities '' . 
  what is there to discuss ? 
  you do n't understand what the petrodollar is . 
  lol why do you believe the us is playing the new great game in the middle east and is destabilizing country after country after country . 
  why do you believe venezuela is so shit ? 
  why do you believe iran is so shit ? 
  why do you believe russia is so shit ? 
  you think he is required to explain advanced economic and geostrategic/political concepts to people without basic education about the subject ? 
  it 's usually impossible to discuss reality with americans to begin with . 
  generations of brainwashing have turned them into zombies who actually believe to be the good guys . 
   you mean the $ 5 billion microsoft got fined for making ie the default browser . 
  the $ 2 billion intel was fined for giving industry standard discounts . 
  or the over $ 10 billion google is facing for putting a shopping banner at the top of search results and having standards for an app market for an os it gives away for free . 
  yes ? 
  that 's like ... nothing . 
  this guy is just completely full of shit , please do n't listen to him . 
  already wrote this in response to an american in this thread elsewhere , but i guess it 's worth repeating , so here is a copy & paste :  can you please show me what is being done in the eu with regard to vws environmental crimes ? 
  i have n't seen much at all . 
  countless of causae are currently being processed and there are hearings every other day or so . 
  the actual process against vw has only started last week after a test case has been decided by a state court in braunschweig : http://www.welt.de/wirtschaft/article157562119/jetzt-wird-es-fuer-vw-vor-gericht-ungemuetlich.html they literally have n't even begun with the real trial yet and are still in the set-up process . 
  right now , all questions that need answering in front of the court have been listed . 
  that 's the current state of affairs . 
  the court got the questions it 's going to investigate . 
  and vw is already facing 170 individual lawsuits related to those questions . 
  it does n't work like in the us where stuff is being processed quickly , everything is basically a kangaroo or shitty arbitration court , and the people with the best lawyers generally win ( or , even worse , are judged by a motherfucking jury ) . 
  there is no `` case law '' bullshit . 
  in germany , there is this thing called rule of law and they base that on proper civil law . 
  and these things take a lot of time , a lot of discussion , a lot of evidence , then a verdict is reached . 
  hopefully , to the betterment of all of society . 
  stuff like settlements very rarely take place and often are impossible . 
  in the us you can often weasel out of even criminal cases with the help of a plea bargain , this shit simply does n't roll in germany . 
  if you are guilty , you are guilty and you will face the full extent of the law . 
  if someone sues you and a trial starts , the process will be taken from beginning to end and nothing will help you . 
  considering that in large cases , judges might have to make decisions that are not covered by current law and will set a precedent . 
  in that situation it will most likely go to the next higher instance and then actually influence the lawmaking process . 
  reaching a verdict in such a case can take many years . 
  i know this is difficult for americans to understand but i have n't seen a single trial in germany where i thought `` this is unfair . '', 
  or `` this verdict was biased . '', 
  if vw does n't get a properly justified and reasonable punishment for what it did wrong as long as someone sued them for it , it would be a lifetime first for me . 
  also , countless of people are suing on an individual basis : http://www.news38.de/braunschweig/article207946605/arglistige-taeuschung-dieser-vw-prozess-hat-es-in-sich.html http://www.derwesten.de/region/vw-abgas-skandal-gericht-sieht-erfolgschancen-fuer-klaegerin-id12066547.html http://www.handelsblatt.com/my/unternehmen/industrie/dieselskandal-in-europa-wie-die-klage-einer-irin-vw-in-not-bringt/13929124.html?ticket=st-411391-qyggg9gh1wftsmved0p3-ap1 after one of them wins , there will most likely be class action . 
  a single law office already said that it will hand in 494 additional lawsuits during the next few weeks . 
  at this point of time the indemnity claims * already * are over 4 billion euros and only a fraction of the people with potential claims have even put forth their demands yet . 
  did you even read the article you are commenting on ? 
   lawyers in berlin , paris and elsewhere in europe are teaming up with new online services to recruit clients en masse and try to get around the usual restrictions on consumer lawsuits . 
  if they are successful , the cost to volkswagen will dwarf the company 's $ 15 billion settlement in the united states . 
  this is literally in the article people are circlejerking about in this thread . 
  not to mention that they already ordered vw to retrofit all their cars with whatever is necessary to improve their emission standards to acceptable levels as an immediate response . 
   can you please show me what is being done in the eu with regard to vws environmental crimes ? 
  i have n't seen much at all . 
  countless of causae are currently being processed and there are hearings every other day or so . 
  the actual process against vw has only started last week after a test case has been decided by a state court in braunschweig : http://www.welt.de/wirtschaft/article157562119/jetzt-wird-es-fuer-vw-vor-gericht-ungemuetlich.html they literally have n't even begun with the real trial yet and are still in the set-up process . 
  right now , all questions that need answering in front of the court have been listed . 
  that 's the current state . 
  the court got the questions it 's going to investigate . 
  and vw is already facing 170 individual lawsuits related to those questions . 
  it does n't work like in the us where stuff is being processed quickly , everything is basically a kangaroo or shitty arbitration court , and the people with the best lawyers generally win ( or , even worse , are judged by a motherfucking jury ) . 
  there is no `` case law '' bullshit . 
  in germany , there is this thing called rule of law and they base that on proper civil law . 
  and these things take a lot of time , a lot of discussion , a lot of evidence , then a verdict is reached . 
  hopefully , to the betterment of all of society .
