  who the hell cares ? 
  it does n't distract from anything he says . 
  it does n't distract from any information he publishes . 
  it does n't in any way affect the credibility of anything published by wikileaks . 
  it 's like these countless of idiots everywhere on reddit who want to promote this conspiracy theory that anyone who supports china or contradicts the anti-chinese propaganda pushed by the us is a `` paid chinese troll '' or `` wu mao shill '' or whatever other terms they come up with . 
  it would n't even matter if they were are all employed by the chinese government . 
  it would n't contradict anything they say or decrease their credibility . 
  so ... what are they wrong about ? 
  all they do is publish information leaked by other people . 
  what ? 
  military is n't the only way you measure `` superpower '' . 
  a large military is pretty much a sign of weakness as it means you ca n't dominate without violently oppressing others . 
   like , i 'm as critical of interventionist american foreign policy as the next guy , but you believe in a weird anti-nato conspiracy theory . 
  what ? 
  anti-nato ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  if anything , it 's a pro-nato conspiracy . 
  the us benefits from a weaker europe because it increases reliance on nato and gives it more dominant positions in negotiations such as about ttip , etc. 
  it also makes it easier to manipulate individual countries in general . 
  the leaders of the us ( i.e. 
  [ rupert murdoch ] ( http://indy100.independent.co.uk/article/this-terrifying-rupert-murdoch-quote-is-possibly-the-best-reason-to-stay-in-the-eu-yet--wymafte890x ) , etc. ), 
  fully supported brexit . 
  a more united europe with things such as an eu-army would completely destabilize us hegemony . 
  why would n't they ? 
  wikileaks is one of the most important organizations out there . 
  why is it wikileaks responsibility to do that ? 
  are you saying they had evidence of that ? 
  in what way is it russia oriented ? 
  did you leak important information concerning russia and they refused to publish it or something ? 
  feel free to leak the relevant information to wikileaks . 
  before you do that , i do n't really know why you complain . 
   have you ever reading these `` leaks '' ? 
  yes . 
   boring and stupid most of them lol  cunt is a cunt and always will be a cunt . 
  nice how you try in dismiss the very important information and valid criticism based on it that is provided by wikileaks with desperate personal attacks . 
  lol sure , nsa shill/useful idiot , sure . 
  go back to / r/news or some other us propaganda outlet . 
  just one point :  he 's resorting to using these tactics against personal enemies and to advance a political agenda for russia , which are hardly the pinnacle of idealistic objectives . 
  the sheer idiocy of those assertions is mind-boggling . 
  are you getting paid for writing this nonsense or do you actually believe it ? 
  feel free to leak the relevant information to wikileaks . 
  before you do that , i do n't really know why you complain . 
  julian assange does n't represent a foreign government . 
   julian assange and wikileaks are the worst case scenario in abusive surveillance and intrusive manipulation of elections . 
  are you employed by some us institution or something ? 
  what a fucking joke . 
   assange must be referring to covert and hostile interference i disagree . 
  it 's completely unacceptable for foreign government institutions to influence people or the power of politicians . 
  propping up certain groups through money or propaganda is completely , completely unacceptable and should result in severe consequences . 
  because having a nationality is a human right and stateless people create massive legal problems on every level . 
   ok then just let them continue radicalization ... 
  yes . 
  how do you believe we left wingers and those standing for freedom , tolerance , peace and progress have felt for ... well , all of human history ? 
   since we ca n't do anything about it ... we can , but we are civilized so we do n't . 
  we trust people . 
   also you may like it or not , but not everything is on the same level . 
  you may like it or not , but condemning people to suffering and death by refusing to help them is just as unacceptable or even worse than sex slavery . 
  just because you feel more strongly about sex slavery does n't mean you are right . 
   but letting someone endorsing this shit is both immoral , non pragmatic and stupid . . well , * all * right wing ideology is immoral and stupid . 
  and tolerating it always means conceding to idiocy and letting people harm society . 
  yet we do it all the time because we believe in democracy and freedom of thought and freedom of speech . 
   in europe . 
  well , no . 
  certainly not . 
  there is no european law forbidding this and people in lots of countries rationalize or even advocate war crimes . 
   ... well yeah and that 's probably playing a part in why said persons are perceived so poorly and non of them got any punishment . 
  because it 's not illegal . 
  so you advocate human rights violations ? 
  and you consider that a `` good '' thing ? 
  holy shit ... 
  deport/exile him where ? 
  unfortunately , people are too young to remember 1994 by now . 
  if you are 18 today , you were born in 1998 . 
  for young people it 's reasonable to assume that they only really know things about the world that happened after ~ 2004 or so . 
   yes but slavery is illegal in europe and against a constitutional right so is having the right to asylum and being taken care of as a refugee . 
   so advocating and inciting people towards something which is illegal is also punishable by law . 
  gee , i sure hope you say the same about people advocating not taking in refugees , you know , which constitutes a human rights violation . 
   it 's like i 'll go in the trafalgar square and start saying we should enslave jews ... in 20 mins ill have 10 cops on top me and be up the judiciary system 's ars . 
  no , you would n't . 
   why is this man not being arrested as we speak ? 
  because having an opinion and stating it is n't illegal . 
   this goes 100 % against our values and way of life in the west . 
  so does what any right wing extremists have to say . 
  just look at pegida , ukip , etc. 
  and their racist , xenophobic , anti-eu bullshit . 
  they are all advocating the destruction of progressive and reasonable european culture . 
   oh wait , the police do n't want to be branded racist , that must be it no , the police follows the law . 
  if having the wrong view of things and advocating harmful or currently illegal shit would be illegal , we would have to ban * all * right wing groups not just the muslim extremists . 
   a dude can get arrested in germany for liking a damn facebook post and forced to pay a fine citation needed . 
  deport him where ? 
  deport him ? 
  where ? 
  because it 's a human rights violation and makes the problem worse ? 
  what the hell ? 
  advocating murder of those you disagree with it just as bad/worse than what he said ... 
   pretending as a dominatrix i find this offensive . 
  this is what i hear ( mainly right wingers ) say on this site all the time and it sickens me . 
  `` it 's okay to say hateful stuff and advocating crimes !, 
  punishing people for saying things is playing thought police ! '', 
  no , it 's fucking not .
