  add to that his love for mass shootings and you have an explosive situation . 
  what 's a `` normal '' mass shooter ? 
  i 'm not sure what you are trying to imply here . 
  it 's usually a right wing extremist as you should know as a norwegian . 
  this time it was , too . 
  the only thing we can conclusively say is that the shooter in germany idolized breivik , hated turks , said he needed to get a gun to deal with them , and killed [ primarily foreigners ] ( http://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article157237504/opfer-von-muenchen-waren-ueberwiegend-auslaender.html ) . 
  i lost my faith in reddit when the first thing the extremists on reddit did was circlejerk full-force about the shooting spreading hate against muslims and immigrants . 
  where are these people now ? 
  have n't seen even a single apology or at least admission that they were wrong . 
  you did n't even answer a simple question nor respond in a reasonable manner to a simply statement and claim i `` do n't understand debate '' ? 
  interesting . 
   how about you explain what you actually mean by that . 
  europe not being a single country does n't mean we should n't work towards that goal . 
  the same way europe made progress from feudalism and monarchy to social democracy , the same way it made progress from national socialism to economic and political union , it can make progress from the eu to a truly united europe with its own army , its laws , its borders , etc. 
  you believe the status quo is an argument for the status quo . 
  it is n't . 
  it does n't matter what the status quo is and we should do and work towards best in the future and that does n't necessarily coincide with what is the situation today . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/appeal_to_tradition https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vacuous_truth do n't really know why this needs to be explained to you . 
   79 % against `` eurobonds '' ( aka shared liabilities ) misrepresentation . 
  also : relevance to the question of federalism ? 
   62 % reject the greek bailout round in 2012 relevance to the question of federalism ? 
   so your `` argument '' is blind on one side - because it fails to understand that while germans are n't going to do a #dexit anytime soon that does n't mean we 're willing to go the federalization route with all that entails . 
  no , my argument is in no way blind . 
  my argument simply does n't confuse objection to specific policies as an objection to federal europe . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb81/eb81_publ_en.pdf  but your last paragraph shows whose kid you are - [ sarcasm on ] have fun in the eussr , maybe you 're going to be given a post in the propaganda and agitation department by the new politburo . 
  come back when you have arguments . 
  it 's fucking obnoxious talking to these people . 
   [ sarcasm off ] you accuse me of `` speaking for the european people '' with the drivel you wrote ? 
  really ? 
  facts backed by evidence is n't drivel . 
  statistical assessment and comprehensive reports on topics such as how many people support a federal europe is evidence for people supporting a federal europe . 
  using meaningless polls that do n't address the question of a federal europe as alleged evidence of people opposing federal europe is bullshit . 
  stop wasting my time . 
  so you do n't understand how progress works ? 
   i actually agree with you on tibet , i was just attempting to use it as an example of the oddness of having all of europe vote on the uk leaving the eu . 
  well , you see things from a nationalist perspective , but i fundamentally oppose nationalist views because it 's plain and simply not beneficial to our global human society . 
  the more inclusive government should always win over the less inclusive one . 
  china should decide about tibet as long as it has the means to do so , the uk should decide about scotland as long as it has the means to do so . 
  the eu should decide about the uk as long as it has the means to do so . 
  local issues can be resolved on a local level . 
  where to build a new playground for children , where to place housing for workers , where to put traffic controls , where to put schools , etc. 
  those are local issues . 
  staying/not staying in the eu is most definitely not a local issue . 
  it affects all of us in europe . 
  hell , it affects everyone on the planet . 
   so here is a better example : all of britian should vote on the next scottish referendum . 
  yes . 
  all of europe should vote on a referendum that 's about removing or including scotland in the eu . 
  what exactly do you believe i misunderstood ? 
   because we 've seen that populations across europe are not willing to share burdens bullshit . 
  just because some idiots want borders back does n't mean the overwhelming majority of europeans does n't want europe . 
   germans do n't want to be the eu 's piggybank and paymaster that 's the same idiocy us republicans spew when they whine about the american people not wanting to pay so much for nato . 
  germans are overwhelmingly in support of the eu . 
  simple as that . 
  only the nazis and other nutjobs from parties such as the afd are against europe . 
  and they are just bigoted fringe groups that only have any semblance of success because they use terrorism to scare people in the light of the so-called refugee `` crisis '' ( which also is effectively just a manufactured one promoted by populists ) . 
   the east does n't want a common immigration and asylumn policy etc etc nah , the with the exception of hungary and slovakia the east is in favour of a european federation . 
   any talk of any `` eu government '' is premature by several generations if not a century or two . 
  imo , of course . 
  yeah . 
  leave your opinions out of the conversation . 
  you are not commenting on your opinions . 
  you are trying to speak for the european people and you are n't able to back up any of the nonsense you just wrote . 
  feel free to cite your representative polls on these issues . 
  the polls proving you wrong have already been cited . 
   insert anything for ` european ' and you 'll get the same results . 
  no , you wo n't . 
   referendum against what ? 
  could you cite the relevant referendums ? 
  what are you even talking about in your opinion ? 
  how is any of that relevant to the conversation ? 
  also : why do you cite statistical assessments of people 's opinions ? 
  according to you , those do n't account for anything . 
   any time they ask the people they reject , you 're completely senseless if you then go on claiming the people are , and even ever were , on board with this prestige project . 
  no , they reject specific things , not the eu . 
  simple as that . 
   i 'm sorry to hear you 've so little knowledge of the history of the european project , i hope my explanation on your previous point helps you out a bit . 
  oh the irony . 
   just read , i 'm not typing in cyrilic . 
  i read . 
  you are obviously and undeniably wrong . 
  i want you to make your case falsifiably so you can finally be disproven , you and your dumb views can be ridiculed and we can end this worthless conversation . 
   oh boy , i do n't know were to start . 
  this is going way above you . 
  your personal attacks are of no relevance . 
  if you are neither willing nor intellectually qualified enough to have this conversation , why comment to begin with ? 
  it 's not like you were able to address the criticism you faced or answer simple questions or acknowledge reality . 
  and what 's your proof or even a shred of evidence for that assertion ? 
  here is the reality of the situation : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federal_europe#/media/file:eu_members_where_more_people_in_favor_of_the_european_federation.png an overwhelming majority of people and nations are in favour of a european federation . 
  just because the recent right wing extremist terrorism in light of the refugee crisis has brought nationalism on an upswing again does n't mean people magically get dumber and more unreasonable . 
  although even in times of crisis the eurobarometer shows that people want more europe and they dislike the current eu because it 's too weak and too indecisive as it is being poisoned by nationalist solo-behaviour . 
   because they 're suggestive hollow questions . 
  not really . 
  why would you say that and what would be better questions ? 
   any time an actual referendum is held people vote against . 
  that was in ireland , in france , in norway , in switserland , in the netherlands , and just recently the uk as well as denmark . 
  referendum against what ? 
  could you cite the relevant referendums ? 
  what are you even talking about in your opinion ? 
  the only people who ever voted against being in the eu were the british just now .
