  people are completely unaware of us/western propaganda yet think russia doing it is the worst thing in the world . 
  it 's a complete joke . 
  nobody should take this article seriously . 
  yes , russia produces propaganda . 
  that 's something everyone should know already . 
  in the meantime , the us is way worse in that regard . 
  this is insane . 
  you ca n't seriously believe the russians are worse when it comes to propaganda than the west . 
  practically all mainstream western publications are ridiculously biased propaganda publications . 
  blindly pro-american and anti-russian/chinese . 
   and i understand that westerners do not give a shit about russia enough to be bothered by this . 
  still . 
  exactly . 
  they are completely brainwashed by western ( primarily us ) propaganda . 
  they do n't even bother considering russian perspectives because they blindly believe the bullshit western media churns out . 
  these tactics are exactly what 's happening 24/7 . 
  are you people seriously unaware of this ? 
  which in itself is informational warfare . 
  nobody spreads more bullshit propaganda than the us . 
  uhm ... they do it all the time . 
  this article itself is a perfect example . 
  nobody spreads more bullshit propaganda than us media . 
   think all the major pr and advertising firms , all the firepower of conglomerate media going on attack on russian kleptocrats ( especially that part where their immediate families are fully integrated into western societies ) . 
  that 's ... exactly what 's happening . 
  are you seriously unaware of this ? 
  whining about whataboutism does n't distract from the point . 
  if russian media would constantly criticize the massive amount of american propaganda , nobody would take it seriously . 
  yet everyone takes this anti-russian garbage seriously . 
  western media is n't in a position to criticize russia/russian media for propaganda . 
  nobody spreads more bullshit than the us propaganda outlets ( whose views control practically all major media agendas in the west ) . 
  it 's funny how you take problems caused by the us and us media and propaganda and blame it on russiam, 
  russia is far less aggressive than the us and practically everything it 's doing is a response to american aggression . 
  i honestly do n't see your point . 
  what do you suggest should be done about the us ? 
  haha , censoring russian perspectives and only letting western media spam their insanely biased views sure seems like a reasonable thing to do !, 
  i rarely see rt on reddit . 
  i mostly see american sources on reddit , many of which are far more biased ( at least when it comes to anything involving the us , russia or china ) than rt ever is . 
  rt provides better insights on political ( especially geostrategic ) issues involving the us than any us source , for example . 
  the point is that american sources criticizing russia is the pot calling the kettle black and contributes nothing to the conversation . 
  it 's pathetic and the americans need to be called out more and opposed . 
  they are the ones doing the shitflinging . 
  if rt would constantly run articles exposing the massive stream of american propaganda , nobody would take them seriously or even bother discussing it . 
  you need to call out this bullshit . 
  this is just anti-russian propaganda and people need to stop taking it seriously and instead take it as a point of critique against the us . 
  the us criticizing russian propaganda should lead to people thinking american media is hypocritical bullshit , not increased suspicion of russian media . 
  how many democratic referendums did the us ever ever hold in any of the nations it destroyed ? 
  the us never even had the decency of annexing countless of countries they ruined , which would mean that they would actually have to take responsibility for the place and the people living there . 
  it 's not brigaded . 
  he is completely correct and getting upvoted by people who understand that . 
  he is also not at the top , unfortunately . 
  the top post is some bullshit claiming the press is biased in favour of minorities and hides the crimes of migrants , which is the biggest crock of bullshit of all time . 
  i disagree completely . 
  the media in germany is heavily biased against refugees/immigrants/muslims / etc. 
  crimes by these groups is massively overreported , both in germany and even more in the international press while crime by natives is heavily underreported . 
  this leads to people buying into the fearmongering of the right wing extremists . 
  seriously , you make it sound as if it 's biased in favour of protecting these groups and that 's just a complete joke . 
  seriously , this is super funny , not really serious . 
  hah , that is hilarious . 
  well , then at the very least admit that you are the problem and you are causing misery , suffering and war on a global scale . 
  at least be honest to yourself and admit that you do n't care about human society and the planet and that you are standing in the way of peace and progress . 
  admit to yourself that you are the reason the world continues to be a bad place despite all the progress we make thanks to left wingers . 
  do n't pretend you are the `` good guys '' and that you are doing the `` right thing '' . 
  you put your outdated and harmful ideology over improving your society . 
   50 % voted for hofer , you want all of them jailed ? 
  yeah . 
   why do i owe people with less money what i have ? 
  you owe eternal gratitude to human society and have a responsibility to do what you can to make the world a better place . 
  you should lick the boots of the left wingers keeping your society running . 
  all your education ? 
  done by left wingers . 
  all your infrastructure and social security ? 
  left wingers . 
  if it were up to people like you , just imagine a boot stomping on your face for all eternity . 
   why can the whole world come here and i have to pay for them ? 
  why does the whole world have to pay for you ? 
  we are all humans living on the same planet . 
  everyone should be able to go wherever he pleases . 
  you should be able to go wherever you want , too . 
  if you think it 's okay to live in places like syria or these `` save countries '' you are talking about : why do n't you go there ? 
   because almost none of them work , that takes generations . 
  they did n't have all the benefits you had . 
  how can you blame them ? 
   do you really think the billions of less fortunate people can come here and should be paid be me and my tax money ? 
  yes . 
  i think every human should have the same rights and opportunities as every other human . 
  everything you got in your country ... education , infrastructure , social support , etc. 
  they should be able to get , too if they come here . 
  why do * you * deserve it and they do n't ? 
   i do n't think so , they are responsible for their own countries , their own fate . 
  people do n't choose where they are born . 
  and `` countries '' should n't exist in the first place . 
  everyone is responsible for his/her own fate . 
  and humanity as a whole is responsible for humanity as a whole and the planet . 
  countries are a bad thing . 
  thinking in nationalist terms is descpicable . 
   i can not undo the collective mistakes certain civilisations make . 
  nobody expects you to . 
   and if you look at the downvotes you are getting you can see who has a place in the west and who does n't . 
  this website is dominated by right wing extremists nutjobs , especially americans , so what would be your point ? 
  also , i 'm not even getting any downvotes , what are you talking about ?
