  again , this is not democracy . 
   the 17 million of the 32 million voters voted for what effected the uk not the eu . 
  17 million of 510 million voters voted for what affected the eu . 
   and if we measure every thing by your bizarre `` logic '' no decision ever made ( past or future ) will ever be democratic . 
  yes . 
  democracy is a horrible system of government for so many reasons . 
  every single person who voted for a brexit is an idiot . 
  considering that it 's actually the 18-24 year olds who voted against it , they are the least idiotic of all . 
  of course it 's worth it . 
  not doing it would mean other nations might get the idea it 's a good decision to leave . 
  that must be utterly and unilaterally discouraged . 
  the first thing that should happen is that their status as financial center of europe is taken away asap . 
  why do you even continue commenting ? 
  things have been explained to you . 
   bbc held interviews with younger voters ; almost all of them were complete and utter idiots . 
  like 100 % of all people who voted for a brexit . 
   i just think that correlating age and wisdom is foolish . 
  indeed . 
   older people have earned the right to vote from years of hard work , taxes and in some cases have fought for their country . 
  everyone is doing that . 
  in all of human history . 
  the young people will do the same . 
  that 's not an argument . 
  in my opinion , democracy is a failed idea . 
  instead of abandoning the eu , we should abandon democracy . 
  so we can make progress towards evidence-based decisionmaking structures in politics . 
   60 million people deciding on the future of those 60 million is democracy , 17 million out of 510 million is 3 % . 
  it 's tiny . 
   its not upto the eu to decide the fate of those 60 million then you do n't believe in democracy . 
   in your opinion but one not agreed by all . 
  oh look at that democracy in action democracy in action would mean the tiny group of englishmen who now try to ruin the eu bowing down to the will of the european people . 
   the fact you cant grasp that it was a democratic decision and if the eu does anything other than accept the british peoples decision then they are even more undemocratic than they seem what 's democratic about 17 million people deciding something that affects 500 million ? 
  yeah . 
  dumb right wing circlejerks promoting idiocy . 
  you do n't get it , do you ? 
  i know it 's hard to accept this , but : you are truly wrong and deluded . 
  your comments mean nothing , i 'm just trying to help you . 
  i have nothing to gain from this conversation , you have . 
  i 'm part of the socioeconomic `` elite '' . 
  i am rich . 
  i own land . 
  i own property . 
  you are just an idiot who does n't understand the reality he lives in . 
  you really need to get over this idea that you are even in a position to debate or that i 'm looking for a debate with you . 
  i just wanted to help you understand that and why you are wrong . 
  for me personally this means nothing . 
  i can live and work wherever i please on the planet except maybe a few nations that are closed off to all foreigners . 
  i am simply feeling sorry for the dumb idiots who supported these idiotic nationalist populists . 
  their decision ruins a society i and many other intelligent and educated people worked very hard for . 
  we created a very good thing and we left wingers always tried to make it better . 
  but the dumb masses do n't want it . 
  and all this will lead to is that people like me will stop caring . 
  our hard work has been wasted . 
  and we will simply move where the pastures are greener while letting you people rot from now on . 
  my company is employing british people in the uk . 
  the board already decided to move out of there asap if they actually vote to leave . 
  good . 
  i will enjoy the massive and overbounding progress in the east asian region , where living standards are already progressing faster than in europe . 
  notice how the eu looks down on countries like china ? 
  in 20 years they will be looking up to it . 
  europe is slow . 
  europe is old . 
  europe is uneducated . 
  europe got complacent and now actually wants to insist on reverting to its even more backwards state . 
  i can live a nice life with or without the eu . 
  hundreds of millions of other people ca n't . 
  their living standards will fall , the social and economic progress enabled through the eu will halt once it fails . 
  i mean , have you ever even visited other nations ? 
  look at cities in countries like japan , korea or china and compare them to european cities . 
  look at the pace at which they make progress . 
  leaders like merkel tried their hardest to make the best of it and provide europe with the means to overcome its problems . 
  leaders like merkel were let down by the idiots from other nations . 
  by nationalists , xenophobes , populists , and other incompetent idiots and cowards . 
  the dumb masses following their idiotic views . 
  you do n't even realize it because you are clearly too dumb to understand these things and buy into their propaganda yourself , but : it 's not people like who will suffer . 
  it 's the working class . 
  people like me will exploit dumb cattle like that even more easily without the eu . 
  the eu was created to protect these people against exploitation and make europe more equal . 
  i personally wo n't feel any negative effect , i will just make money off of it . 
  get it already ? 
   this isnt a eu wide vote its for the uk to decided yes . 
  hence it being anti-democratic . 
  it 's granting a tiny elite the right to go against the democratic will of hundreds of millions of people . 
   like i said this is for the uk exactly . 
  it 's nationalistic garbage that should have no place in a modern world . 
   the fact you cant grasp the fact that a democratic country can decide things for themselves tells me you are either a troll or incredibly stupid what makes you believe i do n't grasp what happens ? 
  i disagree with it . 
  what would be the point of punishing a member state ? 
  that 's like punishing yourself . 
  punish in what way ? 
  i understand why a lot of people want to get out of the eu as well : because they do n't understand basic economics , mathematics or what the eu is and does . 
   like i said , you are n't worth debating . 
  stop wasting my time with your worthless and self-righteous comments then . 
   your intelligence and excellent argumentative skills are only exceeded by your immense humbleness . 
  says the person blindly dismissing other people 's positions while pushing his insane and completely unsubstantiated beliefs . 
  stop commenting , like all right wing extremists you contribute nothing to the conversation . 
  your blind dismissal of people who disagree with your dumb and uneducated views and your desperate personal attacks do nothing to further your case . 
  i have made my case . 
  respond to it in an intellectually honest matter or shut the hell up . 
  ah yes : `` i 'm too stupid to provide arguments and respond rationally and reasonably to things other people say because i 'm not educated and not intelligent enough to have this conversation ... that means everyone who disagrees with me is a troll . '',
