americans are * wondering why * britain and france and ukraine are important , they do n't believe that they should be important . 
   the current model works perfectly overpriced hardware and services ? 
  underdeveloped infrastructure ? 
  falling further and further behind ? 
  `` works perfectly '' ? 
  what exactly `` works perfectly '' ? 
   data prices are affordable no , they are n't . 
  they are completely overpriced . 
  neither is bandwidth large enough , it also costs way too much . 
   and the state does n't need to do it . 
  apparently it does considering our infrastructure sucks . 
   you ca n't expect the state to sell smartphones , really ? 
  what ? 
  you buy smartphones from the companies that produce them . 
  what do smartphones have to do with telecommunication infrastructure ? 
  like i said : that 's why these companies should be nationalized . 
  why is there low supply , though ? 
  what are phone companies using their billions in profits for ? 
  that 's why these companies should be nationalized . 
  except there really is no basis in reality for these fees . 
  what exactly will be their excuse ? 
  the eu is a godsend for practically everyone except idiotic nationalists who do n't give a shit about human development or the progress of our species . 
  where did i say your post itself contains propaganda ? 
  the us has no foreign backed movement trying to overthrow their government in favour of an anti-democratic dictatorship or something . 
  not to mention that the us population has been completely pacified through generations of brainwashing and us globally dominant hegemony . 
  china and russia are n't in that position and us aggression and global destabilization keeps things that way . 
  in the us nobody can threaten the status quo and the us has no reason to suppress dissent because there is no significant movement . 
  anything threatening the status quo is sufficiently suppressed through mass propaganda and total surveillance , not to mention its historical development . 
  anything that might develop into something serious is also being suppressed through force and coercion ( see : snowden , violent break-up of ows protests , mass disenfranchisement of minorities ) . 
  any foreign threat is dealt with through corruption and war . 
  i honestly do n't know what your point is . 
  you ca n't seriously believe you are making a point by talking about chinese human rights lawyers . 
  nobody is even calling out the us on its crimes and the problems it 's causing . 
  what do you believe would happen if the us had organized groups working against the us central regime ? 
  fact of the matter is : if china and russia did to the us what the us is doing to russia and china , we would have already had world war iii on our hands . 
  how is that relevant to anything said ? 
  some meaningless statistics . 
  those do n't even adjust for socioeconomic status . 
  nobody disagrees that russian media is full of propaganda . 
  everything is aware of that and it 's a circlejerk . 
  we need to stop pushing that circlejerk and bring more attention to the mass propaganda by the us . 
  american media really is n't any more credible than russian media yet people on reddit ( especially americans ) seem to believe exactly that . 
  the us has no better human rights record than china . 
  not to mention that those are developing countries heavily suppressed and in practicallyy every way held back by us aggression . 
  economic , propagandist or otherwise . 
  lol the total brainwashing of americans is real . 
  do you believe that was a reasonable response to the points made ? 
  do you feel you sufficiently understand the situation and points made and believe to be in the right ? 
  i mean ... that would be scary . 
  seriously , it 's scary how there is almost nobody calling out the blatant anti-russian propaganda on reddit and how anyone calling it out is getting downvoted ... yet people actually complain about `` putinbots '' . 
  the level of brainwashing is beyond reasonable . 
  russia is getting disproportionate amount of criticism to the degree that people in the west actually vonsider it worse than the us while effectively russia is in an almost entirely defensive position in this regard . 
  i am correct so i do n't know what your point is . 
  yes ? 
  this is the case for almost any submission on reddit . 
  if that 's what it means to you all it shows is that you are a fucking brainwashed idiot . 
  you can also bet your non-existent brain on the fact that the only significant propaganda/manipulation force on reddit is that paid for by the us government . 
  they dominate everything on reddit . 
  just look at all the brainwashed comments on this site and how anything even remotely critical of the us or supportive of russia or china is being brigaded by trolls and censored through downvotes . 
  literally the exact opposite of what you said is the case and you complain about `` putinbots '' . 
  what a joke . 
  what does any of this have to do with olympics ? 
  are you trying to make an argument ? 
  i do n't see any . 
  my point stands . 
  feel free to respond . 
  and i have n't seen a single argument from you yet you comment . 
  what about that ? 
  what do you gain from attacking people personally and desperately trying to defend anti-russian propaganda ? 
  i 'm calling out bullshit , what are you doing ? 
  who said anything about lies ? 
  congratulations distracting from the point made and desperately trying to reinforce anti-russian propaganda . 
  getting paid well for your shilling ? 
  of course the us did . 
  why do you believe the ukraine crisis happened ? 
  because the us is a peaceful nation not destabilizing entire regions to fuck with russia ? 
  i do n't really understand what you are trying to say . 
  are you trying to contradict or confirm what i said . 
  the us is the by war most aggressive nation and worst warmonger on the planet . 
  the irony of you believing that others are the uneducated ones is beyond ridiculous . 
  he is correct . 
  notice how you and the people downvoting him are so brainwashed and biased they ca n't even respond rationally to him providing arguments ? 
  just blindly censor and insult him, 
  seriously , that 's like american politicians calling their country free and democratic . 
  lol, 
  i primarily see anti-russian shilling actually buying into us propaganda in this thread . 
  exactly . 
  hence anti-russian , anti-chinese garbage constantly being voted to the frontpage and anything even slightly critical of the us being downvoted . 
  it 's absolute bullshit , too . 
  english language media on the internet is almost entirely anti-russian , anti-chinese and pro-russian . 
  there is a disproportionate amount of support for american propaganda while everything supporting russia is brigaded by american shills and brainwashe individuals desperately trying to expose it . 
  reddit loves anti-russian propaganda . 
  upvoted to the frontpage regularly . 
  this post is actually getting a disproportionate amount of positive propaganda . 
  practically only anti-russian views are accepted here . 
  the article is anti-russian propaganda . 
  unreflected criticism of russia not giving a differentiated account of russian propaganda in the context of global propaganda efforts . 
  no country uses propaganda more than the us ... yet it 's not disccussed at all . 
  russia 's propaganda is nothing compared to western propaganda . 
  just read this thread .
