  ah yes , you must make these churches as ugly and uninviting and depressing as possible !, 
  that will stop the constantly sinking number of believers . 
  what anti-british hatred ? 
  no , it is n't . 
  for one thing i do n't have any `` anti-british hatred '' , secondly it would n't in any way deduct from the point made . 
  except you are a britophile there is no reason to go to that island . 
  no , i would n't . 
  which is entirely irrelevant to the question that was asked . 
  that translation is not the best but it goes . 
  why would i work in the uk with all its major inconveniences after brexit and its horrible air quality if i could find a job in germany , austria or france ? 
  why would they want qualified people to go to other countries than their own ? 
  if the uk actually leaves the eu , london wo n't be what london was anymore , either . 
  ah german . 
  you just know the shit is at the steaming when my pig whistles . 
  a nurse who did n't yet get on my level !, 
  democracy ! = elections . 
  do you feel better when misrepresenting what i said ? 
   because the age old question of socialism or not is so obviously simple yes . 
   and the people of socialist countries all do very well . 
  what are `` socialist countries '' in your opinion ? 
  yes . 
  implementing socialist ideas is a very good idea for developed nations . 
  supporting a federal europe due to it being the evidently superior choice is not ideology . 
   yes i 'm sure you know what 's in everyone 's best interest , even when they live far and away from you geographically , culturally , economically , and historically . 
  yes . 
  bullshit like culture and history should have no influence on their decision as rational human beings who do what 's best for the longterm wellbeing of human society and the planet . 
   after all your opinion is always the correct one that people half a world away should follow i 'm sure . 
  why do idiots like you always try and make that stupid comment as if it was a sane or reasonable representation of my position ? 
   how you europhiles do n't suffocate in your own cloud of smuggery i 'll never know . 
  we wo n't suffocate . 
  we supports what 's evidently best . 
  people who fight the eu in favour of nationalist approaches are idiots . 
  that 's a fact and has nothing to do with smugness . 
  you are the one ruining your society and your future . 
  i personally am highly educate , intelligent and have a global mindset . 
  i will be the first to just leave the sinking ship once idiots like you finally give it the death blow . 
  it 's the nationalists who do n't understand that we are all human beings living on the same planet who will get fucked . 
  well , i made my case . 
  feel free to argue against it . 
  why would you believe that ? 
  even if you regret it you can always simply kill yourself . 
  there is no downside . 
  what 's disgusting about anything i said ? 
  why do you oppose progress and peace ? 
   yeah , yeah i am the dumb one on this conversation . 
  well ... yes . 
   do you realize there being more definitions ( not that any is that different or seems to apply ) does not remove the irony ? 
  yes . 
  that is something that i understand and you do n't . 
   oh extremely cynical one who thinks removing nations is going to work really well on the long term and that simple concepts you learn early on your academic career are good guidelines for world policy and not to be contested . 
  so so cynical . 
  do n't idiots like you ever look at their own comments and thing `` wow , i have to lie and misrepresent reality to make my case and all i do is desperately attack people personally ... maybe i 'm wrong . 
  that wo n't change reality and the fact that i am right and you are wrong . 
  your precious feelings and what you think about me wo n't help you . 
  you support idiocy and you are the one who ruins your society . 
  not me . 
  you . 
  it 's you . 
  people like you . 
  if you think of me as disgusting you have n't ever looked inside a mirror . 
   the tech you used to write that comment falls under the same category . 
  how so ? 
   superficial products that require mass energy and material consumption to the detriment of the people and the planet . 
  citation needed . 
   the reason you are using it is because its a part of your culture . 
  no , i 'm using it to promote knowledge and fight ignorance . 
   sorry , communist delusions have never ever made anything better for the working class . 
  what delusions ? 
   right wing policies is the only thing that can ever help the working class so it 's great to see they actually did n't fall for communist lunacy this time around . 
  it 's not worth it to continue here . 
  this ignorance of politics and history is beyond mind-boggling . 
  have you ever even seen a university from the inside ? 
   i bet you said the same things when the soviet union broke up -- `` those damn stupid working class people do n't know what 's best for them ! '', 
  -- guess what , socialist madness has always made things worse for working class people . 
  what do you believe has the soviet union to do with anything we are discussing ? 
   guess what , socialist madness has always made things worse for working class people . 
  well ... no . 
  simple as that . 
  it 's responsible for literally everything good the working class experiences . 
  well , i wish it upon myself . 
   economic stagnation or depression citation needed . 
   erosion of democratic influence and loss of border security . 
  good things in the long term . 
  borders should n't exist to begin with and there are better systems than democracy . 
   perhaps they saw freedom of movement and mass immigration as a threat to their jobs , wages and culture though , rightly or wrongly . 
  yeah . 
  they saw it like that . 
  which makes them idiots . 
   and champagne socialists mostly ignored them or labelled them as racists . 
  rightfully so . 
   the people who voted for leaving obviously did it because they saw it as the better option . 
  yes , which proves that they are idiots . 
  seeing that as the better option means they are fucking idiots . 
   you ca n't classify it as irrational just because you disagree with it . 
  it 's irrational because it 's irrational . 
  and i disagree with it because it 's irrational . 
   the eu is shit . 
  no , it is n't . 
  you have no fucking clue about reality . 
   it have good ideals but it is ruined by buecratic bullshit .
