  you are the only one downvoting . 
  so even on this right-wing dominated website you are losing . 
   people that share my views are in the majority . 
  well , and they are all wrong and harm our society . 
  in the past , most people were religious , too and believed in bullshit like like god ( s ) . 
  in the past , most people believed the earth was flat . 
  in the past , doctors thought washing hands is beneath them because how can the hands of a doctor be unclean ? 
  you are wrong . 
  the things you believe in are wrong . 
  you are ruining the future of human society . 
  you have n't answered my question , nationalist pig : tell me , why do you deserve more than other humans ? 
  what makes you better than people who were born somewhere else ? 
  show your real face , supremacist scum . 
  do it . 
  answer it . 
  show your real face . 
  what is it , hm ? 
  and do n't forget to admit that you do n't understand what private property is and apologize for ignoring my arguments and running in circles . 
   okay , then give me your money , i need it because i am from a poor country . 
  so you do n't understand the concept of private property ? 
  and my tax money is used to finance foreign development already . 
   no i think its austrians first . 
  and i think nationalists last . 
  i think people like you need to be kicked out/jailed . 
  i think you do n't deserve to live in a developed country . 
  you should go to a backwards shithole where people share your shitty views . 
  you do n't deserve the benefits of living in an enlightened society people like me work so hard for . 
  you ungrateful little shit . 
   i also think immigration from muslim countries is an enormous damage to society as a whole . 
  no , it does n't . 
  people like you cause enormous damage . 
  deranged nationalists . 
  the worst criminals on the planet . 
  nobody causes more suffering . 
  people like you are the reason there even are refugees . 
  self-righteos assholes . 
   they traveled through enough safe countries . 
  yes , but they do n't want to stay there . 
   i also pray that they will get deported , all of them , when the war is over . 
  and i pray that right wingers like you get deported . 
  you must n't be tolerated and you need to be removed from our society . 
  maybe jail is the best option . 
   they have no place here . 
  i also will vote hofer and the elections after that fp\u00d6 as well . 
  i am just red with anger after all the terror attacks , rapes , crime and islamism that came in . 
  it 's sickening to think we live in the 21st century and people with such deranged views still exist . 
  why do you deserve a place in our society exactly ? 
  you have no place here . 
  you are not wanted here . 
  you need to fucking kill yourself and follow your f\u00fchrer . 
  fucking idiots like you are responsible for war and suffering on a global scale . 
  you are a fucking criminal . 
  tell me : why do you deserve more than other humans ? 
  what makes you better than people who were born somewhere else ? 
  show your real face , supremacist scum . 
  yeah . 
  and that 's myopic behaviour that is causing massive problems for human society and is fostering global conflict while inhibiting progress for all of us . 
  the short-term wellbeing of some danes or austrians does n't justify standing in the way of global progress . 
  we are all in this together . 
  the fact that you try and put humans into groups such as `` danes '' and `` austrians '' is backwards and despicable . 
  nationality should n't be a thing . 
  nations should n't be a thing . 
  and we need to do everything in our power to destroy nationalities and nations and promote a human society on earth . 
  that 's not a `` trick '' , that 's myopic behaviour that is causing massive problems for human society and is fostering global conflict while inhibiting progress for all of us . 
  so you are saying that you do n't understand the concept of private property ? 
  just to clarify : yes . 
  you should have the same rights to own private property as me . 
  you can certainly come to my country , make use of the social systems present here , acquire education , work a job , and buy a house , food and a bed which you can then put to personal use . 
  notice how you have no arguments and ca n't answer basic questions ? 
   they should n't okay , then i hope you realize that you are responsible for war and conflict . 
  saying that humans are unequal really is some nazi-level shit . 
  and people wonder where these nazi accusations come from ... are you fucking kidding me ...  that has n't been confirmed for large part of the asylum seekers . 
  how does it matter ? 
  it never had to be confirmed for you , either . 
  you were just randomly born here . 
  after they receive all the investment and attention and education you received , you can start complaining . 
   why ? 
  why not ? 
   80 % are economic migrants . 
  100 % are human beings and should all have the same rights and opportunities as all other human beings on the planet . 
  yes , humans want to make the best out of their lives and will move where they can make more out of it . 
  it 's really quite simple . 
   are you one of these libertarians who do n't believe in borders ? 
  i 'm one of those scientocrats who understand that borders are in direct conflict with sustainable progress and peace for human society and the planet . 
   i 'm just trying to figure out why you think anyone in a boat is entitled to enter australia for a new life . 
  why would you need to figure that out ? 
  who are you to say what people should and should n't do ? 
  why are some people entitled to more than other people just because they were randomly born in one place instead of another ? 
  that makes zero logical sense . 
  that was n't even their choice . 
   the war , yes . 
  the mad rush to europe , no . 
  that was created by merkel and her ideological henchmen . 
  the mad rush to europe is created by people needing/wanting a place to go and having nowhere to go because people with backwards ideologies closing their shitty borders . 
   generally , experience and age are correlated . 
  generally , understanding of modern developments as well as progressivism and age are also correlated . 
  albeit negatively . 
  as you grow older you usually stop paying attention to modern developments and stop thinking about the long term future very much . 
  it 's more about conserving what you have and being scared of younger people and their new technologies . 
   do n't you think diplomacy can get better with experience ?
