  the amount of money the eu got from them was negligible at only ~ 5bn/year . 
  the uk relies heavily on trade with the eu ( eu-15 being by far its biggest trading partner ) . 
  other way around ? 
  not so much . 
  the trade balance of the uk with the eu is about -35 billion pound/year . 
  it 's completely idiotic for the uk to leave the eu . 
  the old and dumb just ruined the future of the young and bright . 
  and why would anyone want to opt out of this ? 
  catalonia : region separates from country although both want to remain in the eu . 
  scotland : country leaves the eu , region wants to remain part of the eu . 
  different . 
   i do n't believe the eu or any western country will recognize a unilateral referendum unless the ruk greenlights it . 
  why not ? 
  if the eu accepts the uk breaking away from the union , why should n't it recognize scotland breaking away from the treasonous english ? 
  seriously , this is insane . 
  the british press seems to be overwhelmingly right wing extremist , too . 
  completely unbalanced , no wonder the political landscape in the uk looks the way it does . 
  how do sane britains feel about this ? 
   un is piece of crap . 
  why ? 
  the un is an amazing institution considering its purpose and what it accomplishes . 
   how are things like that decided there ? 
  is it done by voting or how ? 
  yes . 
  pretty much . 
  the un is nothing but an international negotiating table . 
  it is about engagement , not enforcement . 
  it has no power beyond what countries joining it are willing to implement . 
  and its job is setting rules protecting human rights to the highest degree possible ( which , of course , is limited by the negotiating countries ' willingness to sign , ratify and implement the rules they help create ) . 
  the same way politicians have no power without courts judging based on the laws they implement and police/armies/etc . 
  enforcing those judgements , the un has no power without nations implementing those laws and enforcing them through their armies . 
  if you believe that lack of power to enforce things makes the un `` useless '' and want that to change , you must make nations give up their sovereignty . 
  that is not the job of the un , either . 
  but ... the `` civilization of death '' was precisely caused by backwards thinking such as religion . 
  and all the peace and progress we enjoy is precisely thanks to the evil liberal leftist do-gooder assholes pushing for things such as gay marriage , birth control , tolerance , etc. 
  what exactly do you need a source for ? 
  that you hate gay people ? 
  it 's the topic of the thread . 
  yet shitholes like poland are still championed on this website as `` so brave '' for standing up to `` evil merkel destroying europe '' and `` saying it like it is '' and `` taking a stand against the evil invasion and islamization of europe '' . 
  it 's a right wing extremist shithole that 's in the process of turning into a fascist state under guidance of the usa . 
  that simple . 
  it 's a patsy for the us in europe and is sucking the eu dry . 
  poland effectively is a parasite destroying the eu and undermining its interests and progress from within . 
  culturally ( by promoting anti-eu thought ) and economically ( by being the by far biggest net recipient of eu funds , sucking up practically all funds pumped in by germany - $ 15bn/year or whatever the number is nowadays ) . 
  looks like it was inspired by the torii at the fushimi inari taisha in kyoto : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fushimi_inari-taisha edit : oh , just read the wiki-article and they were indeed inspired by the torii . 
  stand up for the bolsheviks ? 
  what ? 
  stop commenting on issues you clearly do n't even understand , you fucking idiot . 
  you do n't know what communism is , so do n't use that term . 
  shut the hell up instead of wasting the time of intelligent and educated people . 
  if you are mentally deficient , go see a doctor . 
  if you are uneducated , try and ask questions . 
  communist ? 
  i bet $ 10 that you do n't even know what communism is . 
  are you just trying to use a buzzword that you believe is something negative ? 
  what 's wrong with communism ? 
  what 's wrong with a welfare state ? 
  who is blowing up our subways ? 
  what the fuck are you even talking about ? 
  are you seriously that dumb ? 
  it 's like you are a walking clich\u00e9 and the type of right winger everyone ( rightfully ) makes fun of believing that communism is evil and all immigrants are terrorists . 
  what a fucking idiot . 
   shut up . 
  yeah , please do , you fucking idiot . 
  stop ruining europe . 
  move to liberia or some other shithole if you like right wing politics so much . 
   82 % rise in anti semitic incidences from 2014 to 2015 in austria . 
  does n't seem like you 're having much luck getting them to follow your laws . 
  source ? 
  i guess you mean this ? 
  a total of 465 antisemitic * incidences * were recorded , 205 were done on the internet . 
  writing a swastika on a wall is considered an antisemitic incident , for example . 
  neonazis nowadays increasingly do that , yes , so `` the evil immigrants '' are n't the only problem ( nor even a big one ) . 
  not to mention that numbers fluctuate heavily from year to year . 
  2009 there were 200 incidences , 2010 and 2011 there were 70 , now they are higher again . 
  that means they often fluctuate over 100 % minus and plus every year , mainly because they numbers of these incidences are very low to begin with . 
  an increase from 1 specific crime to 10 crimes per year is an increase of 1000 % , but it 's completely meaningless because the absolute number is still very low . 
  here are the actual crime statistics :  antisemitismus 2014 : 58  antisemitismus 2015 : 41 that 's a decrease of ~ 30 % in actual antisemitic crime from last year to today 's year . 
  overall the numbers are insignificant compared to other crimes . 
  this also does n't even have anything to do with crime of people from new member states so what do you believe is your argument ? 
  also : the source of the numbers you want to cite explicitly refer to right wing extremism as the biggest problem . 
  not islam or something . 
  romanians , germans and serbians are the most criminal groups in austria . 
  who would be here with or without the eu or accepting new members states and have been the largest immigrant groups even before the eu . 
   the mongols under the great khan conquered china but in the process became chinese . 
  your conquest of the arab world seems likely to end up the same way . 
  people adapting to superior culture is not a loss for humanity . 
  the mongols became chinese because chinese culture was more civilized and the people embraced it for the benefits it brought them . 
  the islamists will eventually become western if they join our union for the same reason . 
  the biggest flaw of the eu is that it 's not a proper federation and grants too much sovereignty to individual nations . 
  eu laws should be enforcable by a centrally managed europol and a centralized european army . 
  source ? 
  a total of 465 antisemitic * incidences * were recorded , 205 were done on the internet . 
  writing a swastika on a wall is considered an antisemitic incident , for example . 
  neonazis nowadays increasingly do that , yes , so `` the evil immigrants '' are n't the only problem ( nor even a big one ) . 
  not to mention that numbers fluctuate from year to year . 
  2009 there were 200 incidences , 2010 and 2011 there were 70 , now they are higher again . 
  here are the actual crime statistics :  antisemitismus 2014 : 58  antisemitismus 2015 : 41 that 's a decrease of ~ 30 % in actual antisemitic crime from last year to today 's year . 
  overall the numbers are insignificant compared to other crimes . 
  this also does n't even have anything to do with crime of people from new member states so what do you believe is your argument ?
