   and apologism of warcrimes is illegal . 
  where exactly ? 
  half of all us major politicians would be in jail if this was true , for example . 
  pretty sure it 's not illegal in the uk , either . 
  so many british politicians supported us war crimes and rationalized them later . 
  to be fair ... the swinger club in a street near here promotes the same view . 
  why should a company have any say on the matter of how much they are required to pay people ? 
  companies exist to serve the people , not vice versa . 
  some corporation hiring people trained and educated and kept healthy by society as a whole owe people a fair salary and also a lot of taxes . 
  yeah , and exactly that should n't happen . 
  the most qualified person should get the job , and regardless who gets the job , the person should be paid based on how much it earns the company . 
   this should be the only criteria for salaries . 
  no , it should be the very thing completely irrelevant to salaries . 
  humans are not a commodity . 
  labour must n't be traded . 
  the only question should be : how much money is the labour worth to the company ? 
  pay the person accordingly . 
  it 's not at all ridiculous to know languages if you are working in a diplomatic position involving communication with people from those nations . 
   it 's hard to negotiate a better deal for yourself if there are 25000 people competing for the same position . 
  salaries should n't depend on how much competition there is for a job . 
  they should depend on minimum standards set forth by law and additionally how much value is generated for the institution employing someone . 
   which would be an issue tied to the eu except that the eu has no power to force nations to educate their people a certain way . 
  it 's entirely up to the member states to make people educated enough to understand these things . 
   they should 've put that in the title . 
  but they do n't . 
  the website is called `` euobserver '' and exists to push sensationalist and often anti-eu views . 
  this specific article , for example , is just a stupid opinion piece buy a person with an agenda . 
  why exactly is it ridiculous ? 
  that might be the reason but it 's not an excuse . 
  then they should just pay for housing , etc. 
  the people who actually work should all be hired based on * merit * . 
  the refugees are doing exactly that . 
  in fact , a lot of people complain that refugees are n't hating and fighting the people destroying their country * enough * . 
  yes . 
  these refugees chose not to fight and instead escape from those who hate them . 
  and why would you feel the need to say that if you do n't support it ? 
  yeah . 
  it 's reality . 
  and it needs to change . 
  yeah , you say we should n't do anything to protect people from such attacks . 
  that 's a problem . 
  so how about they murder you and take your place ? 
  ca n't complain , right ? 
  does n't matter if it 's fair , right ? 
  the reality is that we are all human beings living on the same planet and we are all in this together . 
  your life does n't matter more than theirs . 
  considering the despicable garbage you just spewed , your life is most likely a lot less valuable to human society than that of many refugees . 
  now , provide arguments or shut the hell up . 
  yes . 
  it means doing what 's best for human society and the planet , even at great sacrifice ( e.g. 
  your freedom ) . 
  yes . 
  but truth and reason are n't subject to popular opinion and the majority should shut the hell up if they are wrong . 
  you people seem to have no reasonable understanding of what it means to be a refugee . 
  i hope for your own sake you never experience it . 
  they are human beings they should have the same rights , duties and opportunities as any other human being on the planet . 
  they expect more as life in their own country was better despite being destroyed by war . 
  should give us a moment to think about how fucked up the situation in greece is . 
  yes . 
  heroes . 
  there is no greater heroism than refusing to fight in wars . 
  yes , we should most definitely protect heroes who risk their lives by refusing to help criminals like those enforcing a draft . 
  any country that uses a draft for any reason and expect innocents to fight in a war deserves total destruction . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  did you just fucking compare people running from a draft to unruly children ? 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  indeed . 
  it 's pathetic that you get downvoted . 
  these right wing nutjobs put nationalism over humanity and it shows . 
  worst kind of scum on the planet if you ask me . 
   if there will be an insurgency as bad as in syria in your country you will be drafted as well if you are a young healthy male . 
  well , and i will then just flee to a different country that happens to be not at war . 
  nobody should be forced to fight in a war . 
  it 's inhuman and insane . 
  that 's lightning . 
  interessant !, 
  he is as much an `` iranian '' , a `` muslim '' and an `` immigrant '' as donald trump is `` irish '' , a `` muslim '' and an `` immigrant '' . 
  holy shit !, 
  interessant . 
  the motive `` neonazi '' still is the most likely , considering he hated turks ( referring to them as `` shitty turks '' ) and targeted primarily foreigners . 
  trump also is an american nationalist although he is `` irish '' in the same way this guy is `` iranian '' . 
   `` believed in the genetic superiority of europeans '' and such . 
  hitler believed in the genetic inferiority of jews ... while allegedly having jewish heritage himself . 
  he also believed that german is for the germans ... although he was from austria . 
  the shooter is more german than hitler himself considering he was born and raised in germany and was half german ... while hitler was born and raised in austria and not even a quarter german . 
  so these things do n't contradict any support for neonazi views . 
   if you are trying to make the point that this information is not needed to get the complete picture of what happened , i would argue that you are following a specific agenda . 
  yet you were the one who tried to discount a right wing extremist agenda although all facts point that direction . 
  islam needs to pull itself up by its own bootstraps !, 
  it 's a free country , islam !, 
  how is that relevant to anything ? 
  and on the internet nobody knows you are a cat !, 
   why would this make you smile ? 
  very smug of you . 
  because your comments are bullshit and it 's amusing . 
  yup . 
  he is as `` iranian '' as donald trump is irish . 
   until he edits and deletes it aaaaaand he did . 
  why does it matter ? 
  except this guy is n't a single lunatic but was motivated at least in part by a systematic and widespread ideological problem ( right wing extremism ) .
