  who is railing against capitalism ? 
   sorry cynic , but you 're not even worth debating . 
  very ironic coming from a person actually supporting brexit and hating the eu . 
   anyway the calculus is simple , everybody knows that angela merkel is the de-facto leader of the eu and has been since 2008 . 
  yes , she is also the most competent at the job . 
   and look at europe today , literally falling apart . 
  yes . 
  100 % thanks to right wing extremists and the people hating the eu . 
   people are voting for the ` right wing extremists ' because her ilk have given them no choice , so that 's on her too . 
  well , stating that lie wo n't make it true . 
  no , it 's not on her . 
  at all . 
  it 's 100 % on the idiots voting for right wing extremists . 
   if le pen and other reactionaries come to power you can blame merkel and her ilk as well . 
  you ca n't . 
   and people like you sticking their head in the ground denying reality . 
  yes . 
  the highly intelligent and educated totally stick their head in the ground and deny reality . 
  not the people who are dumb , uneducated and stick their head in the ground while denying reality ( i.e. 
  right wing extremists ) . 
   in the hope that you can somehow keep your conscience clear . 
  this will lead nowhere . 
  my conscience is clear . 
  i support the eu and i understand that merkel is n't responsible for its failure ( quite the opposite ) . 
  notice how you could n't provide a single coherent argument against merkel ? 
  you are just regurgitating the propaganda of the right wing nutjobs ( which , unfortunately , is entirely bullshit and based on nothing but ignorance ) . 
  yeah , they are going to manage . 
  the same way russia is managing . 
  way below the standards they could have . 
  we europeans will make sure that the traitors in the uk gets what they deserves . 
   and im stating anyone who compares brexit to a betray of human society is an idiot . 
  why ? 
   because a democratic country exercising its democratic right to leave a ( questionably ) democratic union isnt a betray of human society it 's not democratic at all . 
  democracy would mean for english people to bow down to the democratic will of the european people . 
   if any thing its a true representation of it by showing things can change through words and voting rather than guns and violence actually , it shows how right wing extremists who go directly against the interests of human society can fuck a great thing for everyone due to nothing but ignorance and fear on their behalf . 
  anyone who supports small groups of people to fuck over everyone else is anti-democratic . 
  democracy would mean every human having one vote and doing exactly what everyone votes for . 
   she has overseen a european recovery that lags the great depression . 
  yes . 
  she helped europe recover after a massive shitstorm caused by capitalist economics and primarily nations like the us . 
  she did that very well with her nation outperforming most others . 
   not merely unlearning the lessons of then but actually doing the opposite of learning . 
  what ? 
   this has destroyed generations of southern europeans ( who of course share the blame and in any case should have left the eu in 2010 . . 
  it would have been painful but they would have had a future ) . 
  what has ? 
  what has merkel done that did this ? 
   she has unilaterally invited millions of anti-liberal , anti-democratic , anti-women populations into our societies . 
  no , that 's what right wingers do when voting for right wing extremists . 
   and then tried to bully other countries into fixing her mistake that her recklessness has caused . 
  no , she has n't . 
   as a bonus this has caused her to bow to a dictator and make a mockery out of free-speech in her country . 
  that never happened . 
  stop making things up . 
   her actions have destroyed schengen and now europe is literally falling apart ( #brexit would have lost without the events of 2015 ) . 
  no , the actions of right wing extremists are causing these things . 
  not merkel . 
  right wing extremists . 
  the same people who support this idiotic anti-merkel circlejerk , in fact . 
   you asked me for one thing . 
  yes , i 'm still waiting . 
   well merkel has destroyed europe both economically and socially . 
  she has done neither . 
  it 's right wing extremists who are currently doing it . 
  and they desperately blame merkel . 
  because they are populists and have no arguments or solutions . 
  greece cheated and used american rating agencies to help misrepresent their economy . 
   if you look at the state of british university campuses today you 'll see why it 's good the 18-24 's did n't get their way . 
  why ? 
   they have no common sense or intelligence . 
  and what makes you say that ? 
  and who has ? 
   they just want to remove freedom of speech , call everyone racist and defend islamic extremism . 
  you sound like you never visited a british university campus in your life . 
  non of that is true . 
  i completely disagree . 
  those are recent university grads and most likely the by far best formally educated about current geopolitics and economics . 
  very rarely you can find people over 60 who have sufficient knowledge of modern society to make a reasonable decision for it . 
  their knowledge is outdated , their mind is slow , their ability to adapt and make progress has waned , they do n't contribute to the economy , they do n't need to live with the decisions . 
   he says , complaining about recieving personal attacks well , yes . 
  these people are idiots . 
  it 's no a personal attack at all , as nobody is being personally attacked . 
  i stated the fact that people who voted to exit are idiots . 
   claiming that the uk leaving the eu is a betrayal of human society is problem one of tge most idiotic things ive heard in a very long time what 's idiotic about it ? 
  desperate personal attacks will not contradict anything i said . 
  what exactly makes me an idiot ? 
  knowing how fucking stupid people are who choose national pride over peace and humanity ? 
  name a single thing merkel did wrong . 
  go on then . 
  god this anti-merkel circlejerk gets on my nerves . 
  not if they do n't meet requirements . 
  what exactly is your argument ? 
  scotland has a much stronger ally in the eu than it has in the uk . 
  of course you can . 
  people who voted to exit are idiots . 
  they not only betrayed their own country but the entire union . 
  they betrayed human society itself . 
  not to mention the long term effects . 
  they do n't understand that humanity can only make progress if it 's working in collaboration as a united society . 
  seriously , what did the eu even gain from their membership ?
