  do you believe that demonizing people like me somehow makes the dumb choices of the idiots whom you support any less dumb ? 
  uhm ... as a highly educated and global-minded person with his own business , i wo n't be the one negatively affected by this . 
  it will be the dumb , uneducated , old lower classes ( i.e. 
  exactly the idiots who voted for this nonsense ) who will be negatively affected the most . 
  sure , they drag me down with them and are responsible for me never seeing an immortal robot body or traveling through space as a truly united humanity although we could already have been there long ago ... but ultimately they will never threaten my position within society nor improve theirs . 
  this has nothing to do with my feelings . 
  it has something to do with dumb people ruining human society for everyone . 
  people like me will always come out on top , but our society as a whole could be much further developed ( and therefore better for those idiots , too ) if right wingers who vote for this evident garbage out of spite or ridiculous levels of delusion would n't exist . 
  what do you believe would change if i did ? 
   why is it sad that people have different views than you ? 
  who said that ? 
   how do you know you yourself are not the one buying into ideology ? 
  because my position is evidence-based . 
  i do n't have an ideology and then choose what to believe . 
  i look at the evidence and choose the ideology best suited to make increase standards of living for everyone in the long term . 
   thing is , we don \u00b4 t know of course we know . 
  you not knowing does n't mean other people do n't know better . 
   btw i found your username extremely ironical , because supposedly you call yourself extremely cynical and it does not sound like you are cynical , but rather extremely idealistic about all this . 
  you do n't even know what the word cynical means , why do you even believe you can converse with people about complicated issues ? 
  sorry , but you have no idea what you are talking about and at this point it 's hilarious to me . 
  first i was sad about how fucking dumb right wingers are , but at this point i see that a majority of people agree with them and i * want * them to fail . 
  they do n't deserve any better . 
  you never studied economics or politics , did you ? 
   you are utterly incapable of comprehending what the actual struggles of working class are . 
  oh the irony . 
  the working class are fucking idiots who are easily misguided by populists . 
  and that will be their downfall . 
  the same way it has been throughout all of human history . 
  here , watch this , a german politician giving some examples of why right wing voters vote against their best interests : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3f2rd7zvtw&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=1389, 
  what 's `` complete dystopia '' about uniting humanity and maximizing our progress so we see the maximum amount of increase in technological and scientific development , life expectancy and progress in general ? 
   why does it have to be a federation ? 
  because it 's better in the long term . 
   we are different cultures with different languages , i do n't see why we ca n't be sovereign states while still working together on things that benefit all of europe . 
  why should n't we work hard on abandoning unnecessary differences so we can work on a brighter future together ? 
  humanity has been held back by this backwards tribal kind of thinking for millennia . 
  why are people still supporting it instead of wanting to make progress as much as possible so we can increase all of our living standards ? 
  when i was a little kid i wanted an immortal robot body and travel through space . 
  i then realized it will never happen . 
  now that i am older and an engineer i realize that my dream was n't even far-fetched . 
  we could have accomplished that in my lifetime . 
  we simply did n't . 
  because people think the way you do instead of seeing humanity and the planet as one and everyone working for the progress of the whole collective . 
   wealthy people from upper class were genuinely scandalized that those poverty ridden subhumans from working class actually dared to vote incorrectly . 
  uhm ... for good reason . 
  nobody benefits more from the eu and its constant expansion of regulations and higher standards for the protection of people 's life , health and safety than working class people . 
  the entire reason these people are poverty ridden subhumans is because of right wing politics and the failure to implement proper labour protection rights , proper educational systems , proper healthcare systems and proper welfare systems . 
  it would be in their best interest to vote far-left and pro-eu . 
  the educated people in their ivory towers simply ca n't comprehend how truly fundamentally stupid people must be to vote so severely against their own best interest . 
  by the way , the wealthy people from the upper class do n't care either way . 
  they will continue to be wealthy and upper class regardless whether countries are in the eu or not . 
  they do n't give a shit . 
  in fact , national governments are far easier to corrupt than the eu , which means they will become even richer and it will be even easier for them to exploit the cattle ( i.e. 
  poverty ridden subhumans ) . 
  they expected the common people to not be that utterly dumb , but they were proven wrong . 
  have you ever lived in austria ? 
  no , people here are ridiculously patriotic and hate being controlled or influenced by others . 
  they are n't nato members , either . 
  what ? 
  well , personally , i want federalism . 
  i always saw the eu as a first step to abandoning the concept of nations on a global scale . 
  as proof that it 's possible to erode sovereignty of states and national borders to form a larger , multicultural and tolerant society . 
  i also fully support taking away people 's rights of self-determination in favour of global governance by specialists until ai can take over . 
  unfortunately , humanity is composed primarily of idiots who think of themselves as better than others based on magic ( i.e. 
  race , nationality , religion , etc. 
  something goes wrong in my country ? 
  better blame merkel and the eu !, 
  problem solved !, 
  the eu is doing more than enough to accomplish that . 
  notice how younger people overwhelmingly supported staying in the eu ? 
  that 's because they are the ones educated about the eu . 
  it 's older people who have no idea about how anything works - because they do n't want to educate themselves despite all the resources available to them - that push the idea that the eu sucks . 
  that 's pretty sad . 
  why do people put their nation and delusions of superiority over the long term wellbeing of human society and the planet ? 
  how can these people live with themselves knowing that they harm future generations for no other reason other than ideology ? 
  well ... it seems like he is advocating to become more like the us . 
  that means murdering everyone who disagrees . 
  jobs will be taken because british people are self-aggrandizing and entitled ( they actually believe they are better than others and deserve more because they are more virtuous ) while committing the same mistake all people voting for right wing politics commit : they look down instead of up . 
  the reason the middle and lower classes of britons lose jobs and wealth is because the people at the top are sucking it all up and there are no proper modes of redistribution . 
  and this will only accelerate thanks to ever more rapid automation and ever better developing ai . 
  you need to vote for far left wing politics , not right wing politics if you want things to change for the better . 
  the people who lose their jobs do n't seem to understand things yet : those jobs will never return . 
  their value to society is insignificant . 
  they do n't have the necessary skills to compete . 
  people who lose their jobs because of immigrants are not qualified/intelligent/educated enough to have a job in the modern world . 
  they need to face it . 
  the answer should be to accept that and either improve their skills and find a completely job ( which we know wo n't happen ) or to vote for an unconditional basic income so they do n't even need a job ( i.e. 
  far left politics ) . 
   this attitude is one of the reasons why people vote the way they do . 
  so people vote out of irrational emotion and spite for other people instead out of reason and logic and doing what 's best for the long term wellbeing of human society and the planet ? 
  i 'm sorry , but what exactly does that tell us other than that the people who voted to leave are fucking idiots ? 
  no ... no . 
  seriously , the vote to leave is far dumber than anything the americans are currently doing . 
  sure , they are incredibly dumb choices , but at least neither trump nor hillary will ruin the status of their nation as the dominant world power . 
  i want them to fail . 
  i am then looking forward to them groveling back to the eu and losing all the special treatment they always got before being accepted back ( or simply choosing the other route of being subjugated as a vassal state to the us , the funniest thing that would have ever happened in human history ) . 
   shouldnt we wait and see how things develop on the mid-term before pointing at uk and laugh for their `` mistake '' should n't we look at the long term interests of human society and the planet and see to it that steps backwards towards nationalism do n't happen ? 
  no , that 's not the whole point of democracy . 
  the point of democracy is to give power into the hands of the majority as represented through votes . 
  it has nothing whatsoever to do with freedom of speech . 
  the majority electing politicians that implement laws that say `` everyone who wears purple on tuesdays is to be put do death . '',
