  why is it a shame to consider economic warfare and threatening the power and integrity of a political union as well has the long term interests of the european people and the human species as a whole an act of war ? 
   also , the same group of `` academics '' who failed completely to foresee the almost complete collapse of the global financial markets nobody failed to foresee these things . 
  it 's what heterodox economists have been preaching and warning against for generations and make a big deal of * every time it happens * ( without the people ever learning from it ) . 
  it 's what proponents of capitalism seek to deny but ultimately know to be true . 
  everyone knew this was going to happen sooner or later as it 's a natural part of capitalist economic systems . 
  the creation of bubbles and the periodic collapse of the system at an ever increasing rate until you reach a point of actual economic depression is literally one of the most prominent criticisms against capitalism . 
  the objectively demonstrable unsustainability of capitalist systems , the way capitalism redistributes wealth and power at an ever increasing rate to the rich , and the exploitation and suffering of the poor is the reason for why the more educated and intelligent you are the more likely you are to support left wing politics/economics . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/criticism_of_capitalism#market_instability  the fundamental criterion for economic activity in capitalism is the accumulation of capital for reinvestment in production ; this spurs the development of new , non-productive industries that do n't produce use-value and only exist to keep the accumulation process afloat ( otherwise the system goes into crisis ) , such as the spread of the financial industry , contributing to the formation of economic bubbles . 
  http://www.rdwolff.com/content/economic-crisis-socialist-perspective anyone with half a bit of education in economics understands that these things are inevitable . 
  things will not get any better in the future , either , without drastic changes and socialist economics picking up as marx predicted almost 200 years ago and as people constantly keep reminding people to this day , many non-capitalist academics nowadays agreeing that we have entered the terminal stage of capitalism and will now see global progress towards new system ( i.e. 
  most likely socialist systems with higher taxes for the rich , the abandonment of the view that only people who have a job are worthy of human life , and things such as unconditional basic income finding its way into our politics in the next 50 years or so ) . 
  example , wallerstein ( as also cited by wikipedia ) :  `` the capitalist world-economy has now entered its terminal crisis , a crisis that may last up to fifty years . 
  the real question before us is what will happen during this crisis , this transition from the present world-system to some other kind of historical system or systems . '', 
  https://www.amazon.com/decline-american-power-chaotic-world/dp/1565847997  also , it 's been fun to watch germany and other eu members kick the shit out of its fellow member greece and its citizens unmercifully after the global financial crisis . 
  lying about your financial means and having criminal us institutions like goldman sachs help you fake numbers and camouflage your incompetence and lack of ability to keep up with eu economics is not a valid reason for criticism ? 
  and why ? 
  what 's wrong with net migration being 330k annually ? 
   or turkey has taken so long because in reality they do n't actually have a desire to join and never did . 
  they have . 
  i have joined meetings with the turkish ambassador in austria and he publicly admits that turkey wants to join the eu because the eu does n't put as much pressure or sanctions on members states . 
  basically , turkey argues that by becoming part of the eu the eu is less likely to actually take action against their crimes , especially because the economies of turkey and the eu will be thoroughly intertwined . 
  people who believe turkey does n't want to join simply does n't understand turkey 's motivation to join . 
  i disagree . 
  politics need to get away from emotions . 
  this is why i oppose democracy , too . 
  it 's completely irresponsible to give power to the uneducated masses . 
  we need a meritocracy , preferably a scientocracy where logic , reason and evidence * always * have the last word and everything that ca n't be explicitly proven will be voted on by specialists who at least have proven knowledge about the issues they vote on . 
   all of these issues exist independent of eu membership . 
  not really . 
   people seem to confuse leaving the eu with going to war with the continent . 
  it practically is . 
  it 's a form of economic warfare . 
  and i will definitely make it a point to do anything in my power to ruin everything for traitors like nations leaving the eu . 
  so will many others . 
  you believe eu leaders will take kindly to such behaviour ? 
  it 's a threat to the power and integrity of the eu . 
  they will fuck the uk up economically and make it come back begging for scraps . 
  it is also used by uk leaders as a bargaining chip to get even more favourable terms . 
  the uk wo n't ever leave anyway . 
  it 's a non-issue pushed on the people with right wing extremist propaganda to distract them from more important issues . 
  the leaders and academics of the uk will never let it happen because they understand how much it will fuck over their country . 
  why would anyone vote against one of the best things about the eu ? 
  `` our western dominated empire in which my nation plays a highly influential role is conquering more nations without any war being necessary !, 
  how horrible !, 
  and its promoting all these disgusting progressive values and wants people to live together peacefully !, 
  i would much rather be on my own and have less influence while the empire i hate is expanding its borders and i can conserve my ideals of nationalism and working against the long term interests of my species !, 
  oh boy , i sure love conflict and inequality ! '', 
  - brexiters, 
  `` look guys , i only did it to expose how corrupt the system is ! '', 
  why does it put you behind your peers to learn how medicine is practiced in other nations ? 
  seems like it would make your horizon much broader than theirs ( especially if those who remain think the way you do ) . 
  you can network and attend events in that other nation , too . 
  also , shit like this :  where you dont really wan na go to because of the inferior facilities is evidence of me being 100 % correct . 
  what a horrible attitude . 
  this is exactly why you should spend some time abroad . 
  preferably in an `` inferior country '' . 
  this self-centeredness , nationalism and lack of humility and respect is why we need erasmus and why people who do n't go abroad wasted their education . 
  your friend chose an expensive country for his exchange without making use of university partnership programs . 
  that was his choice . 
  he could have gone to a much cheaper country using a partnership program for lower cost of living and zero tuition fees . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  and what do you mean it varies ? 
  what exactly is your argument ? 
  what about it ? 
  your partner should understand . 
  it 's pretty divided between left and right . 
  but yeah , most problems the eu has arise from right wing politics within it . 
  nationalism , the attempts of individual nations to abuse the eu system for their personal benefit without being willing to pay back , unwillingness to abandon national armies for the sake of a centrally controlled eu army , unwillingness to develop united responses to questions such as border control and distribution of migrants and refugees ? 
  corrupt corporate patsies deregulating our nations and undermining ( left wing ) eu efforts to implement higher standards of food safety and labour rights , etc. 
  pretty much all problems the eu faces are caused by right wingers fucking things up . 
  which makes it all the more hilarious that it 's them who whine about the failure of the eu . 
   you could argue left-wing poltics are ruining the present for the sake of tomorrow with this line of thought . 
  no , you could n't . 
  how would you do that ? 
  you ca n't do what 's best in the future by ruining the present . 
  and even if it did ... so what ? 
  what 's long term best outweighs what 's short term nice to have . 
   promoting freedom of the individual . 
  less hand-holding in a way . 
  that 's not a right wing policy . 
  in fact , it 's more of a left wing thing . 
  you realize that `` the liberals '' are usually counted as left wing , right ? 
  there is a reason this is the case and it 's not because right wingers care about individual freedom . 
  you maximize individual freedom by promoting socioeconomic equality . 
   not sure how that is an answer . 
  i 'd take it you just mean right-wing politics is outdated . 
  i mean that right wing politics consists of harmful beliefs that were always backwards and should have always been fought but have survived for a long time due to the brainwashing of fanatic followers . 
   however that time is not today or tomorrow . 
  rather i suspect it will take perhaps ~ 200 years before it will finally happen . 
  we need to base our politics on today and not live in a future which does not yet exist . 
  that 's not how you make progress . 
  you need to have a clear goal for the future and work towards it . 
  even if the time is in 200 years , we need to do everything we can to make it happen as soon as possible . 
  if you want to build a nice large house that costs $ 2mn to build , you do n't say `` i ca n't afford this now , maybe in 50 years , therefore i wo n't start saving and adapting my lifestyle and will waste all money i make on drugs because drugs make me happy today !, 
  '' , do you ? 
  same concept . 
  long term vs. short term planning . 
   in his comment , replace right winger with any other group and you might change your mind on that . 
  not any other . 
  only those where it makes sense .
