  stuff like settlements very rarely take place and often are impossible . 
  in the us you can often weasel out of even criminal cases with the help of a plea bargain , this shit simply does n't roll in germany . 
  if you are guilty , you are guilty and you will face the full extent of the law . 
  if someone sues you and a trial starts , the process will be taken from beginning to end and nothing will help you . 
  considering that in large cases , judges might have to make decisions that are not covered by current law and will set a precedent . 
  in that situation it will most likely go to the next higher instance and then actually influence the lawmaking process . 
  reaching a verdict in such a case can take many years . 
  i know this is difficult for americans to understand but i have n't seen a single trial in germany where i thought `` this is unfair . '', 
  or `` this verdict was biased . '', 
  if vw does n't get a properly justified and reasonable punishment for what it did wrong as long as someone sued them for it , it would be a lifetime first for me . 
  also , countless of people are suing on an individual basis : http://www.news38.de/braunschweig/article207946605/arglistige-taeuschung-dieser-vw-prozess-hat-es-in-sich.html http://www.derwesten.de/region/vw-abgas-skandal-gericht-sieht-erfolgschancen-fuer-klaegerin-id12066547.html http://www.handelsblatt.com/my/unternehmen/industrie/dieselskandal-in-europa-wie-die-klage-einer-irin-vw-in-not-bringt/13929124.html?ticket=st-411391-qyggg9gh1wftsmved0p3-ap1 after one of them wins , there will most likely be class action . 
  a single law office already said that it will hand in 494 additional lawsuits during the next few weeks . 
  at this point of time the indemnity claims * already * are over 4 billion euros and only a fraction of the people with potential claims have even put forth their demands yet . 
  did you even read the article you are commenting on ? 
   lawyers in berlin , paris and elsewhere in europe are teaming up with new online services to recruit clients en masse and try to get around the usual restrictions on consumer lawsuits . 
  if they are successful , the cost to volkswagen will dwarf the company 's $ 15 billion settlement in the united states . 
  this is literally in the article people are circlejerking about in this thread . 
  not to mention that they already ordered vw to retrofit all their cars with whatever is necessary to improve their emission standards to acceptable levels as an immediate response . 
   then why is nothing being done to vw about this massive fraud that has injured the health of many europeans with particulates ? 
  what makes you say nothing is being done ? 
  the process is still ongoing . 
  also : stop bringing the victims into this . 
  air pollution is a problem in general . 
  and nobody fucking cares about human life . 
  no politician , no judge , no corporation . 
  the reasonable thing to do would be to ban fossil fuels wherever possible and make those who continue using them pay extremely high taxes to compensate for their use . 
  who does that ? 
  this is corporate warfare . 
   you went off the deep end by connecting presidential elections/nsa to corporate malfeasance . 
  corrupting , cheating and lying is a fundamental part of all us politics . 
  and us politics is just an extension of the us corporate oligarchy . 
  it 's the embodiment of american culture , including the view that having money solves everything . 
  i never commented on the nsa . 
  i gave an example of a powerful american lying in front of the supreme court and facing no consequences . 
  feel free to show me major american corporations being told by us courts to pay for the damages caused in other countries . 
   if they thought they would get away with it like everyone else , that would pretty much be normal . 
  what was so egregious about this was the continued denials and lies after they got caught , it 's unheard of . 
  could you explain to me what you mean ? 
  what `` continued denials '' are you talking about exactly ? 
   kind of like miland and paris last winter . 
  which are about as polluted as la or phoenix . 
  the most polluted city in germany is frankfurt . 
  which is still cleaner than 12 major us cities . 
  germany has some of the strictest environmental protection laws on the planet . 
   except we do n't regulate co2 that much . 
  nor any ghg really . 
  the us is one of the top 10 per capita polluters in the world , several times worse than china . 
   the point is that what laws we do enact are very strict , and enforced strictly against everyone , not that we have the most protective laws . 
  seriously , what a joke . 
  you are severely overestimating us law and underestimating everyone else 's . 
  the laws the us enacts are n't very strict . 
  they are completely lax and usually do n't conform to even the most minimal standards in countries like germany . 
  and the tiny amount of environmental protection you do have is made meaningless by lobbying efforts and highly selective application with major industries being exempted from it . 
  take the clean water act and clean air act , for example . 
  and think about the fact how the fracking industry is exempted from them . 
   you go off the deep end by the end of your comment how so ? 
   but in corporate investigations , the standard strategy is to confess for more lenient treatment . 
  vw did n't do that , that 's their right of course . 
  well , they most likely thought `` everyone else is getting away with it , and in a fair society we will not be damaged or everyone else is going down with us '' . 
  they miscalculated . 
   you 're basing this on what ? 
  look at his comment history . 
  he is a known anti-german bigot . 
  he hates immigrants and thinks merkel is the devil . 
  just another right wing extremist nutjob who wants to demonize germany at all costs so he can use it as a scapegoat for problems in whatever shithole he comes from . 
  we are already facing several such crises . 
   the difference in this instance is that the emissions are just a little bit higher than what is acceptable in the eu , but way over the limits here . 
  the difference is that the us makes up these obscure figure to protect their own car manufacturers . 
  in general , american environmental standards do n't even come close to european ones . 
   the protectionist angle is ridiculous by the way . 
  not at all . 
   despite what you may have been told in the german press , or on reddit , our environmental laws are very strict , with statutory penalties . 
  what a joke . 
  look at the per capita emissions of each country and come back to the conversation . 
   but if you want to know the biggest reason they are getting such rough treatment , it 's because they were caught red handed , and continued to lie . 
  usually , americans do n't give a shit about that . 
  look at their presidential candidates . 
   how could they think they were going to get away with this ? 
  because americans do that shit all the time . 
  just look at the head of the nsa . 
  laws do n't matter in the us if you are rich . 
  vw thought they could get away with it . 
  unfortunately , some richer/more powerful group ( s ) wanted to fuck them . 
   so companies can cheat on europeans with almost no punishment . 
  companies in europe are far more tightly controlled by the government and are paying lots of taxes and healthcare contributions . 
  sorry , but i will take the german way over the american way every time . 
  why do you continue commenting on german issues as if you knew what was going on ? 
  see you in every thread about germany nowadays and every time you are spamming misinformation . 
  ceasefires work to reduce losses and reformulate strategy and potentially come to more peaceful solutions . 
  for both sides . 
  your point being ? 
   the us actually wants europe to do more to have active military force the us wants the eu to support its military action . 
  it does n't support eu independence . 
  nato/us is entirely about controlling europe . 
  an eu-army and combat ready and experienced troops , for example , would destroy nato , thereby destabilizing us hegemony . 
  the level of paranoid conspiracy theories you spam and the misinformation you try and promote in a desperate attempt to discredit is quite sad . 
  you know , the facts do n't magically change just because you personally hate assange . 
  the information he publishes is not affected by you trying to discredit him or wikileaks . 
  what do you believe is even your point ? 
  let 's assume your little conspiracy theories are correct and assange is literally putin ... who cares ?
