  first of all , the lack of a united response is the fault of right wing extremists and nationalists who refuse to establish a proper eu with a single border and a central government and military . 
  not to mention that the refugees are n't to be controlled anyway . 
  we are bound by the universal declaration of human rights ( which every country has to subscribe to in its entirety before being granted the privilege of joining the eu ) to help all refugees . 
  you might be complaining about migrants but that 's a wholly different topic and also just a pathetic propaganda issue blown out of proportion by idiotic populists . 
  not to mention that we will see hundreds of millions of refugees come to places like europe within the next 20-30 years thanks to global warming , this is an issue we need to learn to live with . 
  how has the single currency plunged people into long term unemployment ? 
  lol that 's not how economics work . 
   the fact that supporters of the eu refuse to acknowledge this shows how utopian the whole project is . 
  what do supporters of the eu refuse to acknowledge ? 
  people who oppose the eu are fucking idiots . 
  i have n't seen a single intelligent person educated about these topics oppose the eu . 
  not one . 
  even the leading populists do n't actually oppose the eu because they actually believe it 's a failure . 
  they just oppose the eu because they know that will net them votes from the idiot masses . 
  they are a nation led by nationalists who are in the process of installing an authoritarian regime . 
  media is being controlled and the people are completely brainwashed by propaganda . 
  just listen to what polish people have to say on this site alone or what beliefs they hold or what bullshit they support . 
  the only reason poland has any power is because they are parasitically sucking on the eu 's tit . 
  nobody received more eu funds than them . 
  they are the biggest benefactors of the eu and yet they actually see themselves as self-sufficient . 
  they exported millions of economic migrants to superior nations like uk , france , germany , etc. 
  yet they whine about immigrants . 
  the country is a fucking joke . 
  eastern european nations in general are a scourge to european society . 
  they should have never been allowed into our midst . 
  underdeveloped , undereducated , horribly backwards cultures , often very religious . 
  they are ruining the union for everyone . 
  they are nations led by idiots for idiots . 
  countries like the uk , germany , etc. 
  pay their bills and are responsible for pretty much all good developments in their nation and the population of that shithole actually votes insane right wing nationalists into office . 
  poland alone sucks up practically all funds provided by germany : http://i.imgur.com/ht3xpgv.png germany paying 13 billion $ a year ? 
  oh , poland is taking 13 billion per year out of the eu . 
  yet tusk complains about germany/merkel and wants his nation to get more power and wants more sovereignty ? 
  what a joke . 
  the people benefiting the most from the eu are those opposing it the most . 
  and they blame the nations who pay everything for them for failure . 
  what the fuck ? 
  without the eu all of these countries opposing the eu would still be underdeveloped backwards shitholes . 
  and , quite honestly , they deserve it . 
  if they oppose the eu , these nations better start paying back what germany , etc. 
  paid for them . 
  oh , and take back their economic migrants while they are at it . 
   but that many lost it after failure upon failure of all attempts to do something together . 
  people lost it because of right wing extremist propaganda . 
  what failure after failure ? 
  the eu has been a huge success . 
  people are too dumb to understand it and are misled by propaganda . 
  i 'm sorry but what is acknowledged by every halfway intelligent person educated on these topics is that the people who believe the bullshit you just highlighted are utter idiots . 
   i 'm opposed to it because i think it 's deeply unrealistic and undesirable . 
  why ? 
   i 'm not being fooled , i 've come to my own conclusion . 
  i doubt you have any formal education on the matter . 
  your conclusions are idiotic and i am pretty sure your `` came to your own conclusions '' based on the propaganda of right wing extremist nutjobs . 
   federal europe is an ideologue 's wet dream . 
  federal europe is a good , necessary , and desirable thing . 
  for everyone except for nationalists . 
  and people who oppose society as a whole to foster their personal goals should have no say . 
   just because i think the idea of a united europe is absolutely ridiculous and why would you think such nonsense ? 
   everything that is good around us is thanks to hard working scientists , entrepreneurs , engineers and workers . 
  and guess who supports the eu and a more united and centrally controlled europe . 
  those scientists , entrepreneurs , engineers and most productive workers . 
  everyone who is intelligent and educated and has an interest in doing what 's best for society ( i.e. 
  fully supporting the eu ) . 
  and guess who supports right wing politics , nationalism and other garbage . 
  uneducated and/or dumb idiots as directed by populist leaders . 
  who disagrees with that ? 
  the problem is his anti-eu sentiment . 
   practical measures that will improve society yet are grounded in reality . 
  so ... the eu and a federalist and united europe ? 
  why the fuck do people and nations who oppose it join the eu ? 
  he is a fucking traitor so is everyone who agrees with him . 
  it 's generally right wing extremists who constantly call left wingers weak when they change and adjust their views according to the evidence . 
  now suddenly it 's a good thing ? 
  what is this idiotic word salad ? 
  there will be fighting between a group of wolves and a group of wolves . 
  the fighting is n't the issue . 
  there will always be fighting . 
  europe has continuously become richer and safer since the inception of the eu . 
  we are all humans living on the same planet . 
  the goal must be to stop the people causing the fighting . 
  most right wing extremists . 
   what people made negative , was the german-led authoritarian approach of ignoring the people . 
  who is ignoring the people and in what way ? 
  acknowledging that the people are wrong and not doing what the people want ! = ignoring the people . 
   it 's actually the eu that made eu peoples less cultural homogenous by allowing non-eu cultures in the millions . 
  except there is no problem in abandoning borders and making the world a more open place . 
  it 's the right wingers that spread anti-immigrant propaganda and fear that are the problem . 
  he is unfit to represent the eu if he is against the eu . 
  he does n't represent the european people and is a nationalist . 
  he needs to step down . 
   i believe the eu creates tensions and endangers peace in europe as nothing ever has in recent history . 
  the fact that we lived in the longest period of peace and sustained progress in european history since the inception of the eu says that you are wrong . 
  feel free to provide academic citations for your ridiculous views . 
  so ... what does n't work about it ? 
  europe is a continent defined by geographic standards . 
  europe , politically , is defined by the political unity of the nations on the european continent . 
  which is primarily represented by the eu . 
  if you are confused , refer to wikipedia . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europe https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_integration if you oppose the unity and peace of the nations on the european continent ( i.e. 
  the eu ) , you are anti-european .
