  i actually think diplomacy is held back massively by history and nationalism . 
  younger people are generally more international and do n't really care about what happened 40 + years ago . 
  young people do n't care as much about religion or nationalism and therefore are more suited to interact with each other on the level of international politics . 
  '' , `` i fucking hate chinese people !, 
  '' , `` i fucking hate communism !, 
  '' , etc. 
  are really stupid attitudes to have but they are more ingrained into older populations than young ones . 
  and old ones being in power means young people will be indoctrinated into those views and also that the decision makers will meat with such attitudes in diplomatic situations . 
  also , like i said , there should simply be a cutoff age . 
  nobody discounts the value of experience , which is why experienced people should serve in higher functions , but at some point age becomes a liability . 
  if your decisions are about the long term , old people ca n't really be trusted ... as reality ( i.e. 
  our politics and economic systems ) proves . 
   that is honestly the best ad i 've ever seen on immigration . 
  why ? 
  telling people to stay out is a sensible thing to do now ? 
   their attitude is the best . 
  backwards nationalist attitudes and banning people from opportunities because they were randomly born in a different country is `` best '' ? 
  really ? 
   people drowning in the seas on the hope of asylum that they will never be granted . 
  yes . 
  that is barbaric . 
   many of those drowned would never have had a chance at asylum . 
  yes . 
  that is barbaric . 
  also , this ad campaign is directed explicitly at refugees as it was made in light of the refugee crisis . 
  not granting them asylum is a human rights violation . 
   they died for nothing . 
  they should have gotten a new life in australia . 
   merkel and the other european leaders who created the crisis are barbaric . 
  first of all : the crisis was n't created by merkel or anyone like her . 
  the crisis was created primarily by the us and the people who supported its warmongering . 
  australia being [ a prime suspect ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/australian_contribution_to_the_2003_invasion_of_iraq ) . 
  secondly : merkel is one of the few actually doing what 's right and best for everyone in the long run . 
  merkel is practically the only person taking reasonable amounts of responsibility while being left hanging by worthless nationalist governments that do n't put in the necessary work to help people and to demolish national borders for a more peaceful and collaborative world . 
   australia 's system is sensible . 
  australia 's system is fucked up , anti-humanist , nationalist garbage . 
  it sticks to the same dumb rules that created problems throughout all of human history and the people supporting it are nothing but entitled freaks pretending to deserve more than others for having been born in a specific place . 
  seriously , it 's fucked up and these people need to grow up . 
  every day they refuse to understand that we are all humans living on the same planet is another day we continue destroying ourselves and standing in the way of global progress and peace . 
  this is an ad campaign by the australian government : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rt12wh4a92w this should be considered a joke in the civilized world , satire of some barbaric shithole of the past , but it 's sad reality . 
  how is a young age relevant ? 
  one should ask : why are politicians allowed to serve over 60 years of age ? 
  seems not reasonable to put people in charge who do n't have to live with the long term effects of their decisions or have onsetting dementia . 
  there should be a maximum age for politics and it should be ~ 20 years before average life expectancy ( same way you have to reach a certain age to gain the right to vote ) . 
  after that age you should only be allowed to serve in observer/advisory functions . 
   you make this statement then spew a much of bullshit which of the things i said is bullshit and what brings you to that assertion ? 
   with no facts to back your claims you have n't asked for any , so why would you complain about that ? 
   you know jack about the us , and the eu for that matter , i 'm not going to waste my time arguing with an idiot . 
  why do you even comment then ? 
  just shut the hell up . 
  also , delete your comments and apologize for wasting my time while you are at it . 
  come back when you have arguments . 
  the amount of idiots today is staggering . 
  you are american , huh ? 
  no , i asked you if you are one . 
  you know , in an attempt to get you to explain your destructive and unreasonable behaviour . 
  you can simply say `` no '' and move on with the rest of the comment . 
  why do you continue commenting if that 's all you have to say ? 
  how about you respond to the criticism and questions you face ? 
  considering that you failed explicitly cite a statement evidently wrong and considering your failure to `` explain why '' , i gather you do n't actually have anything to support your position ? 
  the us does n't have tougher emission standards than the eu . 
  as is made evident by the fact that the us is performing significantly worse in terms of per capita and absolute levels of pollution compared to the eu . 
  the us is an oligarchy with rich people/powerful elites having disproportionate power and the general population being disenfranchised to the degree that they participate in mock elections that are practically entertainment spectacles where they can choose between two right wing parties . 
  do you have any actual arguments ? 
   still not one citation or credible argument . 
  you have n't asked for any . 
  so why do n't you shut the hell up , american ? 
  i made several arguments . 
  which of those are n't credible and why ? 
   instead of making arguments to challenge opposing views you resort to name calling . 
  no , it 's highly relevant . 
  you * are * a brainwashed idiot . 
  it explains your behaviour and why it 's really not all that fruitful to talk to you.l i also provided arguments . 
  in the meantime , you really provided non . 
  you are just rambling , trying to promote the us . 
  what argument of yours do you feel to be valid and relevant and has n't been sufficiently responded to ? 
   that may have worked in kindergarten but in the real world people expect cited arguments . 
  arguments for what ? 
  i already provided arguments for anything relevant . 
   because it is clear you do n't have any it appears its safe to say this conversation is over . 
  you never have provided any arguments yourself . 
  this conversation has never begun . 
  you made some idiotic claims in response to the correct statement of another person then cited some irrelevant information . 
  i called you out for it . 
  now you mime the little source troll complaining about other people 's lack of arguments . 
  it 's the most idiotic behaviour of them all . 
  feel free to sue them . 
  and what about those comments exactly makes you say i do n't sufficiently understand things ? 
  please cite a statement you feel proves insufficient understanding and explain why . 
  ah , so you try and discredit me and derail constructive debate without evidence . 
  great . 
  this is generally called `` trolling '' . 
   you are making yourself look like an idiot . 
  well , you can delete your comments and stop trying to blindly discredit me without evidence . 
   i 'm pointing it out to everyone else reading . 
  you did n't really point out anything , though . 
  you lied by trying to put an equivalence between what i accused someone else of and my own behaviour . 
  unlike you , i can fully substantiate my assertion by providing examples . 
  the equivalence is n't given . 
   you clearly are extremely confident in your knowledge of the us .
