  again , i think his statement is reasonable . 
  right wingers really are a problem and ruin the future of our societies for younger generations . 
  and i would love for that to be scientifically assessed and discussed in front of a court . 
  ( well , there is a lot of scientific discussion on how harmful right wing policies promoting inequality are and how beneficial left wing policies promoting socioeconomic equality are , but a public discussion and court rulings would give it quite some more weight . ), 
   depends on which right wing politics . 
  name a single inherently right wing policy that is evidently beneficial to the long term wellbeing of human society and the planet . 
   many people favour politics which share elements of both right and left politics . 
  yeah . 
  most people believed in god in the past . 
   in fact you could argue that there is no right or left of course there is right and left . 
  one insists on hierarchy and inequality to cater to the interests of elites , the other one insists on abandoning differences and promoting equality catering to the interests of society as a whole . 
   unless you see immigration stance as right or left ofcourse . 
  i do n't understand this part . 
  are you saying that this topic does n't have partisan stances related to it ? 
  fatalism means that everything is subject to fate . 
  hence the name fatalism . 
  it does n't mean it 's doomed to failure . 
  why ? 
  he is threatening european society and the progress of our species as a whole . 
  i do n't know about yours but that 's much bigger than my mom . 
  and why is that illegal ? 
  i do n't understand the point of your question . 
  well , while i obviously support op 's choice , people should vote for what 's objectively best and listen to reason . 
  the eu is good for practically everyone within the uk . 
  not to mention that it should n't even be a concern , the eu is good for europe . 
  this is much more important than what 's best for some random elite . 
  no , he thanks the eu ( his homeland ) and does what 's best for his own state . 
  why is that illegal ? 
  as a eu-citizen i would object to any deal with the uk if they decided to leave . 
  i would support sanctions and isolation . 
  why do you believe they are mistaken ? 
   but it means they 're going to kick against us harder than they 'll kick against those in power , the ones who really deserve a kicking . 
  this is incredibly ironic considering that the nationalists literally want to blame everyone else other than the people kicking them ( i.e. 
  their national leaders ) and create a corrupt clusterfuck because they are completely ignorant about how the world works and for some reason believe things were better in the past . 
  interesting how bad things and shitty opinions get downvoted and good and productive things get upvoted for a change ? 
  a stay vote would be a huge slap in the face to the right wing nationalist borg who are spreading like a disease due to ignorance and fear within the general population . 
  what did you mean then ? 
  dying for sovereignty is idiotic . 
  fighting is idiotic . 
  this is one of the reasons the eu is great . 
  it slowly erodes the concept of nations . 
  it 's good that people finally wake up to realize that nations are stupid , that people are just people and that we are all humans living on the same planet . 
  the eu is prove that we can make progress beyond the backwards and barbaric ways of the past . 
  do n't blame me , i voted for kodos . 
  because of right wing nationalists and populists . 
  the same right wing nationalists and populists that nowadays complain that not enough is done about the illegal immigrants . 
  left wingers overwhelmingly wanted this for generations . 
  a centralized control of eu borders . 
  a single eu army . 
  a single eu police force . 
  a single eu border . 
  if the uk votes to exit , i - as a remaining eu citizen - would vote `` no '' against anything benefiting the uk . 
  traitors should n't be catered to . 
  at best they must be exiled . 
  calling racists racists is n't hatespeech . 
  calling right wingers unreasonable people harming society is n't , either . 
  or are you saying there is a reasonable argument to be made in favour of right wing politics ? 
  i would love that to be put to the test in front of a court . 
   still probably going to vote leave ;-) and why ? 
  the circlejerk ? 
  have you seen this place ? 
  constant anti-eu circlejerking everywhere . 
  not to mention the constant anti-immigrant fearmongering and other right wing extremist nonsense . 
  you are quite an entitled and unreasonable cunt , are n't you ? 
  at least have the decency not to waste the resources of the eu if you oppose it . 
  pathetic . 
  traitor . 
   brexit would show the eu beurocracy that they are not omnipotent . 
  and what would that accomplish ? 
  it 's still idiotic . 
   it is in the same same line of thought as the no vote on the ukraine referendum . 
  no , not really . 
  that was a horrible idea anyway . 
  we do n't need even more eastern european nations dragging us down , countries like poland already are a massive drain on eu-resources and ukraine is even more in the shitter . 
  and we wo n't get any real benefits out of it . 
  if an overwhelming majority of ukrainians really wanted to join and did everything in their power to improve , things might make sense but not even they were convinced it 's a good idea . 
  illegal immigrants are still illegal . 
  the uk still has to take in refugees as it signed the universal declaration of human rights and would most likely have to take in even more than it would without leaving the eu . 
  why not ? 
   fatalism i think that word does n't mean what you believe it means . 
  every european who does n't spend at least half a year abroad ( be it in the eu or somewhere else ) while studying/going to school wasted his/her education . 
  i 'm not even kidding . 
  it is especially wasteful because you do n't even have to work or have rich parents or have to organize much yourself . 
  you literally can just ask your school to send you abroad and they will tell you what to do , your tuition fees will be paid for you and the eu will give you money to better fund your stay abroad within the eu . 
  there is no excuse for a european to not go abroad during his/her education . 
  my two semesters abroad ( in the us and south korea ) as well as my two summer schools in china and spain were more valuable to me from a personal , academic and professional perspective than all my years of studying combined . 
  and i mean individually . 
  every trip abroad was more valuable than the rest of my education combined . 
  ( and i 'm saying this without exaggerating . ), 
  `` i say thanks to the rest of europe by doing the only reasonable thing for my own nation instead of buying into the bullshit propaganda of yet another idiotic group of right wing populists . '', 
   criticism is the practice of judging the merits and faults of something . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/criticism#balance  in the law of some countries , hate speech is any speech , gesture or conduct , writing , or display which is forbidden because it incites violence or prejudicial action against or by a protected individual or group , or because it disparages or intimidates a protected individual or group . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hate_speech it 's not difficult . 
   you 're acting like the governments never manipulate anything and are the most trustworthy thing out there . 
  no , he is n't . 
  you just keep misrepresenting reality , are n't yu ? 
  if you are unaware of gang rapes happening in the western world before recent immigrants came here , that 's hilariously ignorant . 
  yes , maybe you should . 
  gang rapes are not a particularly new thing . 
   we did n't have mass gropings/rapes before immigration crisis .
