  uhm ... of course we had . 
  gang rape has always been a thing . 
   how are these two not connected ? 
  because they are n't . 
  immigrants ! = rapists . 
  some immigrants being criminals does n't justify condemning all immigrants . 
  most polish people i know are dumb and uneducated idiots . 
  does n't mean i consider all polish people dumb and uneducated and ban them from my country . 
   who defines what counts as inappropriate anti-immigrant speech ? 
  the same people who define what counts as theft or rape or disabled . 
   if i were to say that i disagree with the govornments stance on immigration and think we should accept fewer refugees is that blockable ? 
   what about discussing the mass sexual assault that recently occurred and discussing the cultural background of the immigrants who have been arrested for it ? 
  what about it ? 
  do you not understand the concept of hate speech ? 
  `` all immigrants are animals and should be shot '' = hate speech . 
  `` i disagree with the government '' = not hate speech . 
  what 's so complicated about grasping this ? 
  yes , they are all fucking idiots . 
  every single one of these people is either rich , selfish and entitled and only support it because they personally would benefit ( and therefore are psychopaths who should n't have a say when it comes to making decisions that affect humanity as a whole ) or are very unintelligent and buy into the propaganda of those intelligent psychopaths . 
  or , you know , from the reality of the numbers and statistics publicly available and published by large multinational institutions . 
  in addition to the international journalistic community and prominent assessment institutions such as reporters without borders . 
  but hey , keep on circlejerking about how the eu is a failure and how your glorious nationalist leaders will accomplish anything . 
  pathetic . 
  stop ruining the eu . 
  instead of pretending you have any idea how to manage things , how about you do what you are told ? 
  your nation has been mismanaged for generations and is a massive fuck-up . 
  your nation is literally financed by the eu because you are so fucking bad at developing . 
  so what is going on in your minds when you pretend that you know better than countries like germany ? 
  get your shit together . 
  you wanted to join the eu , you benefited the most from being in the eu , now do whatever is in your power to serve and repay it . 
   ok you 're either a troll or a chinese shill . 
  i wo n't waste my time any more . 
  or neither . 
  must be great living in a world where you do n't have to intellectually deal with reality if it does n't support your delusions . 
   i am a physicist though . 
  so why do you comment on economics and politics ? 
  if some gender study person comes into a physics lecture and starts arguing about how electrons in the food supply are responsible for making women get paid less , what do you do with them ? 
  in a reasonable and distanced manner , trying to understand the situation as a whole and these issues in context of the entire institution of the eu . 
  ultimately understanding that there is little reason to perceive them as negatively and - even if there was - that they are part of a very large environment of both positive and negative things and ultimately not an argument against the eu . 
  also understanding that there really are no superior solutions , especially not in the long term . 
  the post you just replied to even discussed his opinions , so i do n't exactly know what more your expect ? 
  yes , i asked you for a reason of why you would think such nonsense . 
  please explain why you believe it . 
   seriously ? 
  :d yes , seriously . 
   you can excuse everything done by any authoritative tyrannical government . 
  how so ? 
   they are not being un-democratic , they just know their people are wrong so they are doing what-ever they like . 
  being undemocratic ! = being wrong . 
  most people are idiots . 
  i do n't want my society to be governed by idiots . 
  i do n't want policies be dictated by idiots . 
  the people who oppose the eu are wrong . 
  yes , not doing what they want is a good thing . 
   ps : not putting myself anywhere on the issue , i was just surprised how it did not sound anti-democratics , like at all , to you . 
  i am anti-democratic . 
  most people do n't even have an advanced college degree . 
  and out of those who actually have , only a small fraction actually has proper academic education about the relevant topics . 
  why the hell should idiots be allowed to vote on economic issues ? 
  why the hell should my 70 year old neighbour who never left the country in his life and worked as a street cleaner his entire life have a say on complicated economic issues ? 
  sorry , but no , i do n't support a system that gives political power to that person . 
  i support a system where his interests are considered valid and equal to all other humans but not one where he can make decisions about how those interests are safeguarded because , plain and simply , he has no fucking idea how the world works and how to properly manage the interests of an entire society ( neither on a national nor a global scale ) . 
   our political systems are too different , our economies are too different . 
  how does it matter ? 
  the point is that they will be made equal over time . 
  and more centralized . 
   everyone will have to compromise yes . 
   and so everyone will end up dissatisfied . 
   maybe it will happen one day , but not in my lifetime . 
  the only reason why it would n't happen is if idiots oppose it . 
  so stop opposing it . 
  why is this necessary ? 
  because you ca n't understand a topic and have informed opinions about it without having the necessary education to properly assess it . 
  i mean ... seriously , what ? 
   why ? 
  come back once you have an at least 3 year degree in economics and i will start trying to explain things to you . 
  these topics are complicated . 
   i 'm not a nationalist . 
  i 'm opposed to an eu superstate on more pragmatic grounds . 
  you just admitted you have no formal education about the topic . 
  what could possibly be pragmatic about your opinions ? 
  do you also comment on things like quantum physics and try to argue with the opinions of professors of quantum physics although you have no formal education in physics or mathematics ? 
   if you oppose the democratic will of the european will to build a federal eu , you are aware that the eu will collapse , right ? 
  you do know that your plan makes no sense right ? 
  i do n't oppose the democratic will of the european people . 
  i oppose nationalist interests . 
  the only thing that matters in this context is what a majority of europeans agree with , which most likely wo n't be nationalist interests . 
  no , the eu would n't collapse without democracy . 
  democracy is one of many suitable systems to lead a nation . 
  in fact , i would wager that the eu would work much better without democracy . 
  see : china . 
  a stable nation with a population about twice the size of the entire eu combined . 
  what is my plan and what does n't make sense about it ? 
  do you have difficulty writing constructive and reasonable comments ? 
  do you enjoy wasting time ? 
  what kind of scientist and why ? 
  so you named two things that you personally perceive as negative and ignore everything else . 
  great job . 
  even the two negative points you mentioned ( which do n't even remotely outweigh the massive benefits the creation of international law and regulations bring with them ) are arguably bad : 1 . 
  the continent is n't unable to control the flow of millions of refugees .
