first of all , lets be clear that the article in question posed russia as using tactical nukes as a first strike . 
  that 's the assumption . 
  i 'm assuming the article is just wrong that russia is not going to start what is almost certainly the worst disaster the world has ever visited . 
  second of all , contamination is the least of your problems . 
  lets assume you advance some number of tanks towards poland/germany * after * russia 's first strike nuke was dropped , because that 's what the article said . 
  once tanks start rolling in any number , they quickly become targets for counter attacks from multiple retaliatory tactical nuclear weapons . 
  3rd degree burns and all manner of horrible things will be the immediate problems . 
  perhaps everyone will conveniently be safe in their apcs for the duration of the journey . 
  perhaps all of your supply vehicles are heavily armored as well ? 
  furthermore , i do n't foresee putting thousands of troops through decontamination on the battlefield while as even more nukes are falling from the sky . 
  there is no magic decontamination for those soldiers that have been exposed on the field of battle to the actual strike . 
  they are dead in weeks or months . 
  all decontamination does is remove the material from the * outside * of your * person * . 
  the environment will remain toxic . 
  ask [ alexander litvinenko ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poisoning_of_alexander_litvinenko ) what happens when you breathe in contaminated materials and how easy that is to recover from . 
  i 'm really , really hoping that nobody wants to open [ pandoras box ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pandora's_box ) . 
  this sentence does n't bother me too much ( maybe a little with regards to the crimea )  in case of aggression against russia with the use of conventional weapons when the very existence of the state is threatened . 
  if they were staying true to that statement , unless troops cross into russia , there should be no concern over the use of nuclear weapons . 
  the quote from the article talked about early use of nuclear weapons , almost making it sound like an offensive weapon . 
   with some creativity , they can probably gain some territory , or at least make it neutral , even after they reach a nato border . 
  you ca n't gain that territory . 
  nobody can move your armies and likely airpower ( due to ground based aa ) anywhere . 
  would we hesitate to use a nuclear weapon anywhere if their armies advance ? 
  why should we ? 
  the big guns are already on the table , armies are advancing . 
  you just ca n't respond with conventional troops . 
  the bets end-game russia has is the non-involvement of a serious opponent . 
  and that means small scale conventional weapons and subterfuge , which is pretty safe . 
  the point is that it might move so fast that it 's over before you even hear about it on the news . 
  all it takes is a quick tactical response to the location of the offending tactical nuke . 
  i could foresee it coming from a newly occupied ukrainian city . 
  so what does russia do ? 
  it responds in kind with an icbm . 
  ** when a nuke is introduced ( tactical or otherwise ) , you can no longer respond with conventional armies . 
  ** they are at risk . 
  no army works in a nuclear battlefield . 
  so , you are left with few options . 
  it is really , really dangerous for russia , or anyone , to assume : `` my opponent wo n't respond and that it wo n't escalate quickly . '', 
  and from a certain standpoint , there is nothing to be gained by using nukes . 
  they can probably gain whatever territory they want without them until they reach a nato border . 
  correct , but irrelevant to some extent . 
  do not think it will be well thought out , that there will be some political or military justification that can be observed or reflected upon . 
  with missiles poised to fly at a moments notice it will not matter in the end . 
  in the end we will see a tactical strike , potentially some sort of justification and then that will be it . 
  within minutes the missiles will fly . 
  every minute of hesitation costs tens of millions of lives . 
  that 's the danger of these weapons being put on the table . 
  any use signals an existential threat . 
  justification ? 
  you do n't have time to think about justification . 
  the original quote was :  its [ russia 's ] military plans involve the ** early use of battlefield nuclear weapons ** -- something that is a serious taboo for most nato members . '', 
  luckily , the article goes on to talk about non-nuclear moves . 
  i 'm much more `` comfortable '' ( but absolutely not condoning ) with russia using non-conventional but non-nuclear weapons to take over neighboring countries . 
  it 's unfortunate , but it 's not nuclear armageddon . 
  ** the entire premise and reason mad works is that both sides understand that nuclear weapons completely change the battlefield in every way shape and form . 
  ** nuclear weapons expands war , speeds it up dramatically , and most fundamentally , goes in a direction no one has ever seen . 
  take everything you know about how war will be fought and throw it out the window . 
  do not assume you can control it or how your opponent will react . 
  again , it is fine to give a political justification , but when things start spinning out of control for everyone , nobody will be left to worry about it . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budapest_memorandum_on_security_assurances  following the 2014 crimean crisis , the u.s. , [ 6 ] [ 7 ] canada , [ 8 ] the u.k. , [ 9 ] as well as the other countries [ 10 ] all separately stated that russian involvement is in breach of its obligations to ukraine under the budapest memorandum , and in clear violation of ukrainian sovereignty and territorial integrity . 
  russia , however , argued that the budapest memorandum does not apply to the 2014 crimean crisis because separation of crimea was driven by an internal political and social-economic crisis . 
  russia initially claimed it was never under obligation to force any part of ukraine 's civilian population to stay in ukraine against its will . 
  [ 11 ] i do n't know if any more could have been done given the circumstances anyway . 
  i agree with what you 're saying in terms of joining nato before the crisis . 
  hindsight might have had nato or the eu push for a stronger security agreement before they gave up the big stick ( their biggest bargaining chip ) so to speak . 
  but it was 1994 , and nato was * supposed * to be becoming irrelevant . 
  i think fundamentally the west was ` optimistic ' that russia was n't going to go all imperialistic on the ukraine in two decades . 
  from that perspective , the right thing was done . 
  you 're right , it should n't be second guessed what was done at budapest . 
   the eu could hold him off if they wanted . 
  but they did n't and would n't . 
  the difference maker on a country by country basis seems to be nato , which pretty much demonstrates the falseness of `` nato is useless '' which was the claim . 
   possibly but that would only get worse through direct military conflict . 
  a better idea is to sure up the economy . 
  well , yes , but as a block , nato countries themselves have avoided direct military conflict because nobody is willing ( and they should n't be ) to goto war with nato . 
   the us has n't really been impacted so again i do n't see why the us should care . 
  and * again * , i think this is the crux of your bad reasoning . 
  i think you are thinking in the same way the germans were thinking about ukraine : `` oh , if we just concede more things , things will just settle down , and the gas will flow just fine . '', 
  they do n't realize what a bag of crap they are letting loose by their overly passive stance . 
  we live in a global economy . 
  if our trading partners , such as the eu block , are completely unhinged , the us is going to care quite a bit . 
  the only thing that keeps peace is the threat of overwhelming force . 
  the eu * could * provide that on it 's own , but the evidence is out , the jury has decided -- they sat on their hands and are letting putin decide things . 
  nato still does n't have a mandate to do anything ( and hence why the us sits on the sidelines ) , but the eu could have done something long ago . 
   if you 're going to let your neighbors be gobbled up just because they 're not in nato maybe the whole idea needs to be rethought . 
  they are n't part of the club , they did n't sign the paperwork . 
  now , ukraine * did * agree to release it 's nuclear weapons in exchange for something . 
  what for ? 
  i think the world community is going to regret not having backed up ukraine for specifically this reason in the future . 
   without it who would have been overrun ? 
  anyone in nato . 
  this has been proven through the ukraine crisis . 
   why should an american care about border disputes halfway around the globe ? 
  the world is so interconnected now that there is no need for massive amounts of troops overseas protecting nations that do n't need it . 
  you said it . 
  we are all interconnected . 
  a great deal of global instability can be triggered by unchecked aggression/annexation . 
  the war in the ukraine is again , good proof of it . 
  look at what they 've done to the gas situation . 
  look how russia has been able to manipulate trade agreements .
