   its military plans involve the early use of battlefield nuclear weapons -- something that is a serious taboo for most nato members . 
  what ? 
  this is fucking nonsense . 
  nothing else matter if this happens . 
  it is ww iii if they use nukes of any sort . 
  they know better . 
  sounds like bravado , but it is a game changer without question if we let people use nukes on the battlefield . 
  real wwiii type stuff . 
  no country can stand idly by if a nuke goes off . 
  if you think germany , the uk and israel ( let alone the us ) will stand by while a nuke goes off , you 're on drugs . 
  mad is real , it has not been repealed , it may have seemed like it took hiatus , but it is as real as everything you know . 
  this had better be far from reality . 
  / deep breath, 
  on the other hand , it 's a way to show honor to the people from the country in it 's current form . 
  from the us perspective , it would be like putting up a flag with only 48 stars . 
  it would look odd . 
  it 's an interesting discussion though -- do you want to be honored under the flag you fought , or your modern day homeland equivalent ? 
   to me it seems like the obvious will happen : members of a new faction will take over and business as usual will continue . 
  sure , to you . 
  but apparently not to russia and putin and his cronies . 
  to them even the threat , -- the mere possibility -- that others ( russian citizens ) might see an improvement in other countries when corrupt leadership was take out is frightening enough to russia that they are willing to weaken the chances of success there by direct military action . 
  or it 's just a land grab ? 
  this is n't about nato . 
  no way . 
  these two facts should be etched onto the desk in the oval office by now . 
  quality of government and huge reductions in corruption do not have to be immediate , it only has to have the credible threat of being eliminated ( even over a decade ) . 
  once that threat exists , the fear alone is enough to drive them to fight . 
  sallust so true , so true . 
  do n't assume that i think exxon should be doing business with russia either !, 
  good link though . 
  exxon business as usual . 
   germany has always done business with russia even during the cold war . 
  you mean the soviet union and west germany . 
  all of which is irrelevant to this situation . 
  i originally posted this hoping someone could elucidate why this sale was happening in general , and what , if any , implications this could have on current europe . 
  [ i found a different article that suggests a reason , but it 's not necessarily supported by any evidence ? 
  ] ( http://fortune.com/2014/08/22/germany-set-to-approve-sale-of-oil-company-to-russians/ )  berlin is set to approve the sale of one of germany 's largest oil producers to a russian consortium , in a move that may undercut u.s. and e.u. 
  sanctions aimed at punishing russia for its role in stoking the conflict in ukraine . 
  of course , but you miss my point . 
  do you think russia will respect any agreement they make there ? 
  poroshenko is doing what he needs to do , but i would n't have much faith that anything good will come of this . 
  wrong . 
  the future is being decided in eastern ukraine . 
  this is a dog and pony show . 
  the only logical response is to instigate armed conflict and start shipping tanks into countries of your choice !, 
  stupid obvious question : is this because the country is run by banks ? 
   crimea is not up for negotiation , but putin has decided against further territorial gains . 
  what a nice guy . 
  perhaps he can just put those nice people back on the plane as well . 
  til romania is like a giant country-sized lan party . 
  there there , your effective speed is probably still faster than ours . 
  do you have caps ? 
  we have caps . 
  [ another one missing . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexander_litvinenko ), 
  as an american with loose southern borders , there 's a huge difference between policing a border and securing a peace . 
  not saying it would be trivial nor bloodless , but with the exception of involvement of an outside state actor ( russia obviously ) , there is no doubt the eu can drop the rebel forces in a heartbeat . 
  i * really * wish there was another answer ( stronger sanctions against russia * might * work ) , but they need to walk the situation back . 
  i think the us is a good example of exactly how far you can take a federation before it breaks . 
  we went further when we started and it ended very , very badly . 
  language , currency , immigration and key economic/social policies ( health care , schools , child support , welfare ) the easiest , and most sensible solution is to grandfather the stuff that should be grandfathered ( mostly bricks and mortar type institutions ) and slowly integrate those , and come up with shorter term solutions for things like health care . 
  good luck !, 
  hubris is worse . 
  ears are for listening . 
  only socialists listen to other people . 
  real men shoot from the truck . 
  not sure that i 've ever seen collusion like this proven anywhere , but that 's not to say i have n't missed it . 
  it 's mostly because municipalities see their cities/towns as resources to be sold off to the highest bidder . 
  basically , they take the money from the `` exclusive contracts '' they sell and use it for the city . 
  the money they take is a pittance for annoyance it causes consumers . 
  lol , hahaha , oh , i live in a city of 70k , population density 1825/mi and the maximum speed of the consumer network is 18mb . 
  hahaha . 
  oh man , it hurts . 
  you can get business class service 100mb for $ 200 a month !, 
  what a deal . 
  i know that forbes is `` big media '' and might be considered legit by some , but give me a fucking break . 
  only idiots would have even considered this to be real without a * much * better source : it 's god damn labeled op/ed . 
  everyone who acts like `` forbes '' is some sort of propaganda wing is being pretty disingenuous or does n't know how the internet or media works . 
  first , this is a non-event . 
  nothing big came of it , and whether or not snowden was assisting in propaganda or not , matters very little . 
  if you 're already a skeptic of everything putin says , then this conversations ' importance is probably zero . 
  does snowden lend credence to the denial of mass surveillance by putin ? 
  perhaps because he 's not really in a state or forum where he can really question putin with follow up questions , then maybe yes . 
  re-reading it , it 's also clear that he 's playing up the fact that russian society is so `` strictly controlled '' and the americans are out of control with their rich spy toys , and that the focus is n't that they do n't do mass surveillance , but that they are kept safe from mass surveillance by russia 's strong government . 
  first , putin did n't out and out say `` no '' . 
  i understand we 're writing short linkbaity titles , but he got putin to lie in front of everybody . 
  now it 's true that anybody who is a putin supporter probably said '' [ rusha !, 
  fuck yea !, 
  ] ( http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/america-fuck-yeah--3 ) '' and this only encouraged that segment of people , but there is no hope here anyway . 
  it is just like americans who blindly support everything `` homeland security '' ( and the us military at large ) does . 
  there are few easy cures for stupidity . 
  if your worst case scenarios involve potentially accidentally flushing plutonium into the largest body of water in the world with an undetermined amount of radioactivity for decades , you might be an evil scientist . 
  but i 'm just being a worry wart . 
  radioactivity is perfectly normal and healthy ... ^ ^ waits ^ ^ for ^ ^ banana ^ ^ analogy, 
  we 'll alert the [ 100,000 ] ( http://fukushimaontheglobe.com/the-earthquake-and-the-nuclear-accident/situation-of-the-evacuees ) people who were forced to evacuate that they are lucky to be alive . 
  i 'm sure they 're thrilled . 
  common sense tells you that in a country known for tsunami 's , typhoons and earthquakes , you do not put a nuclear fucking power plant 400 yards from the ocean . 
  to continue shouting common sense : do not store your nuclear waste in half-destroyed building structures next to the ocean . 
  / humans , we wo n't last long . 
  what a swell guy that stalin was .
