got ta demonise groups you do n't like some how . . 
  ukip member here , would rather have free movement with the whole of the commonwealth than with the eu , and no political union with those countries of course . 
  i was originally thinking about the top 20 , bit of an oversight . 
  quite funny how in the top 28 universities in the world there are only two in the eu , and they 're both in the uk , at 29 lmu munich makes it in , https://www.timeshighereducation.com/world-university-rankings/2015/world-ranking#!/page/0/length/25 edit : i originally was thinking about the top 20 , fucked up . 
  should 've done it a year ago , imagine how many less deaths we would have seen . 
  here 's a video of tony abbott talking about it last year : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k30w_o52fei i 've been saying for ages we should have stopped the boats and invested in safe zones in syria , would have stopped the people smugglers getting so much money , stopped the drowning deaths , schengen would be intact , would n't have been able to effect the brexit debate in the way it has . . 
  it 's about having the right to control our borders , and our laws , in a way the we believe is best for the british public , not for the best interests of 27 other countries . 
  you literally know nothing about international trade . 
  and it will be for your industries too . 
  and , as we import more than we export , we will be able to put tariffs on your goods that will massively outweigh the tariffs the eu could put on us . 
  it 's really stupid when you think of it , if the eu is that willing to shoot itself in the foot when another country makes a democratic choice to leave , then maybe its not such a good or smart club to be a part of . 
  i do n't think varoufakis would disagree with me that much . 
  their democracy , it 's government and the people were practically raped by the eu , it 's pretty surprising their approval . 
  then with all the schengen and migration shit on top of that . . definitely surprising . 
  i 'd say this counts as an ad , though not officially being one it 's still beautiful . 
  he did n't say that , he said george galloway and others , others might not/doesn ' t mean nigel . 
  we 're not even asking for unemployment benefit changes , it was a conservative party manifesto pledge to stop people claiming child benefits for people in other countries , for example we support around 34000 children across the eu without them actually living in the uk . 
  when it came to negotiation time it was n't even mentioned because they knew it would be too hard to achieve , so they 've gone for something that they believe will be easier . 
  i do n't believe the eu should have that right , i believe the uk should because we have a much higher chance of being able to change the government , we do n't have a commission , people who have never been elected are n't appointed to places of power . 
  its basically taxation without representation . 
  i said like , how is not `` like '' the us constitution ? 
  in other words please explain to me how it could never be likened to the us constitution ? 
  yeah its like the us constitution , it practically is its own player . 
  i sincerely predict that no treaties will be changed as part of brexit . 
  well , in the uk and france the two biggest parties ( in the eu parl ) are n't happy with the eu having a budget , not sure of any other at the moment . 
  and the swedish democrats and the pvv are both at the top of the polls . 
  so i do n't think you can say that . 
  commission , presidents and the treaties , i believe there should n't even be a treaty system and the entire entire parliament/system should be elected by the public of the eu . 
  or just not exist . 
  i believe that was a mistake , and i believe i as a voter should be able to vote in and out parties that would be able to change that , something we do not have the power to do . 
  meps and the eu council do not hold the power you believe they do . 
  no , like i said below . 
  i 'm ok with my country taxing me , but i believe sending that money to the eu so they can spend it on their bloated pensions is a horrible mismanagement . 
  i believe my government should have the right to tax me , as i have the ability to vote out a party that would put those taxes on me . 
  i do not have that right with the eu . 
  the problem is , i do n't believe the eu should have the right to punish the people of my country or any other country . 
  they should n't have the right to steal from us . 
  what an awful system , punishing for performing well . 
  should be dismantled asap . 
  shh mortal , let the politicians sort out your countries trade deals , you do n't need to know the details ... slightly related : http://order-order.com/2014/02/27/eu-spends-2-million-on-trolling-online-euroscpetics/ * adjusts tinfoil hat * edit : added some words i missed, 
  very informative video , will be interesting to see the effect this will have on the public , will it be . 
  response 1 : not wanting turkey to join the eu is racist you shitlord !, 
  response 2 : hmm , maybe having basically no borders with turkey is n't the best idea , we should get out of this union . 
  and you do n't think the eventual answer to that will be more eu ? 
  you think we will get less integration and less federalisation ? 
  the only real answer to these problems is a united states of europe . 
  or a europe of sovereign nation states cooperating with one and other . 
  i know what the eu establishment wants , going to be interesting to see how it all plays out . 
  hardly holding a gun , if cameron had said he was going to campaign to leave and actually asked for something worthwhile then it would be . 
  it would require a lot less government , almost none !, 
  no , the current system of corporatism will , we do n't have capitalism at the moment , all the lobbying that happens in the eu is n't capitalism , it 's corporatism . 
  yeah ... 
  i wonder how that 's going to work out , especially with the over whole half of the people who came to germany being completely lost . 
  http://townhall.com/tipsheet/katiepavlich/2016/01/25/surprise-europe-loses-track-of-millions-of-refugees-from-terror-hot-spots-n2109616 http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/news/politics/6878970/germany-loses-track-of-600000-asylum-seekers.html http://www.israelnationalnews.com/news/news.aspx/206869#.vqzvm_mlsuk edit : had to repost as dailymail and breitbart are n't allowed . 
  thanks for taking the top spot for us sweden . 
  countries doing what 's best for their people !, 
  it must be stopped !, 
  ( greece ), 
  they may intentionally give us a bad deal to try to deter others from leaving , it may be democracy but it certainly is n't nice democracy , using the eu 's power to shut down and push fear onto democratic groups . 
  so , freely choose maybe , but it 's pushing it a bit . 
  still have to protect that eu-dream at any costs , all about grabbing power and keeping it . 
  the people ca n't have democracy !, 
  we must stop them !, 
  we must protect the eurodream !, 
  more eu at any cost !, 
  go on . 
  release them to the public . 
  does seeing news not affect my daily life ? 
  i 'm not some heartless brute who does n't care about all the atrocities that have happened like you . 
  so so sorry i have n't personally been raped or killed , you and the op are just using this as a way to dismiss people who have genuine concerns about the negatives of millions of people flooding a continent . 
  you 're like `` well it has n't happened to you personally so why should you care '' well i 'm sorry if i do n't want my friends to not be able to get a job , an affordable house , to be raped or killed , or for communities to be unrecognisably changed . 
  op does n't say personal stories , he says experiences , my experience is that i 've seen so much awful stuff happening across our continent . 
  i feel like you would n't be happy unless i said i 've been raped or stabbed or something , well i have n't been raped or stabbed , the area i live in has n't been changed because of the refugee crisis . 
  i share in the pain of our european brothers and sisters who have fallen victim to the consequences of decisions taken by the euro-elite . 
  he does n't say personal experiences , he says experiences , and my experience is having to witness the death and rape of people . 
  `` it has filled my daily life with sadness and lack of hope '', 
  i see the news of someone being raped/killed/molested every day . 
  i saw the news of cologne . 
  i saw the news of the bataclan , where one of the killers travelled back and from syria via the migrant crisis . 
  i see the mess at calais and dunkirk i see the european project failing , schengen being closed down . 
  i see the rise of right parties across the eu , the sd , pvv , fn , afd . 
  i see merkel , who expected to be praised as a progressive savior of europe , taking prescription drugs and missing meetings . 
  i see the rise of violent far left militants across the eu , threatening safety and democracy . 
  i see safezones being planned for colognes carnival . 
  i see rising gun sales and self defence classes . 
  i see people drowning . 
  i see transsexuals being stoned . 
  i predict the downfall of countries where these migrants are coming from , as some of their most daring risk takers come to europe , leaving their countries with only the weak . 
  i predict the economic downfall of many countries across europe , as we learn that many of the migrants are purely benefits seakers , and i see the lack of social housing for native europeans as they are given away to migrants , and have had to now take shelter in school halls etc. 
  i see no attempt at integration . 
  i see greece being blamed for the migrant crisis by germany and other eu members , even though the rest of the eu was extremely inviting . 
  it has filled my daily life with sadness and lack of hope . 
  the sad part is it all could have been avoided , we could have stopped the boats and made safe zones in syria , all of these sights would be nonexistent . 
  someone asked on , the other european sub , not sure if you 're allowed to mention it here , and they said it was removed for being off topic , i 'll message you the link . 
  crisis 's never stop with the eu though , i doubt the migrant crisis will be solved , and the euro crisis is bubbling beneath the surface , then there will be further crisis 's with all the people who have been let it . 
  british - english - european - world - european union . 
  it 's good that there are n't many major establishment figures , this referendum is about the people vs the establishment . 
  hm , well it is called grassroots out , the idea of is to combine all of the existing grassroots movements , and other movements . 
  i do understand your points though , but i think the name and not the content is a silly thing to be arguing against . 
  interesting economic view point on the euro , something that affects us all .
