  the uk will be sorry when they restrict italians from entering , who will they find to work as waiters in london 's zizzi 's pizza and pizza express . 
  who will work as bar staff in costa coffee and starbucks ? 
  ohhh you will regret the day !, 
  hm , as other italians have said , probably spain , include southern france + corsica if they wish to have a civil war . 
  however personally i would like us to join with croatia , because it 's a beautiful country , and dalmatia is meant to be ours anyway !, 
  nearly 4000 people ?!, 
  holy moley that 's like 0.00005 % of the population !, 
  talk about mass migration, 
  hamas dropbears, 
   europeans dont have an israel sure we do , it 's called australia !, 
  a sunny , stolen piece of land to migrate to . 
  algeria and indochina got pretty messy . 
  also haiti had some tough times due to french rule . 
  these are just the obvious examples , as with the other countries i mentioned , i 'm sure there are several specific events that the french are not too proud of . 
  thank you so much for taking the time to do this , excellent write up . 
  i have heard several times over the years statements along the lines of : `` the british invented concentration camps . 
  '' , but from your summary it appears that it was already a widely used practice , and the british just coined the term ? 
  french sounds the nicest to me , it just flows really nicely . 
  german is one of the worst sounding imo . 
  british , germans , italians , spanish , japanese , belgians , french . 
  sure we can sit here and pick out specific events and point fingers , but lets me honest , all of our countries behaved terribly during the scramble for colonies . 
  could someone knowledgeable on the subject fill me in on the details of the boer war concentration camps ? 
  what caused them to stick out from other civilian internee camps at the time ? 
  surely they were not the first case of enemy civilian imprisonment ? 
  hungary is not considered as southern europe , is it ? 
  yes , i agree . 
  the french are like us culturally , but everything they have is just slightly worse . 
  slightly worse wine , slightly worse cheese , slightly worse fashion , and considerably worse food . 
  you should 've pointed out to them where the uk is on your tourist map . 
  just to remind them . 
   i do n't exactly consider england to be part of europe do i 'm adding this note to clarify . 
  why not ? 
  it is in europe . 
  that 's like me saying i do n't consider japan part of asia . 
  well ... 
  there are a fair few british citizens in isis ... 
  ah man , she wandered out of the retirement home and got ahold of the internet again ... 
  should 've just drawn penises all over them and sent them on their way, 
  they were not on holiday , they were working ... 
  you 're taking it too personally . 
  let the people decide their fate . 
  ok , thanks , got mindfucked for a second there !, 
  but then it got me thinking , a sentence like : `` and superman just flied away '' does n't sound wrong , does it ? 
  i 'm confused now haha . 
  i flew on iberia a couple of months ago on the way back from barcelona , it was quite a small plane and was pretty much exactly the same as monarch , the budget airline with which i flew there . 
  i was n't too impressed , but perhaps it is just because i flew a small plane for a short journey , so i did n't get to experience any food or in flight entertainment . 
   flied is this a word ? 
  would it not be `` i 've never flown '' ? 
  i have never heard this used as a tense of * to fly * before . 
  sorry , just interested in learning . 
  i 'm also surprised they ever wanted to join in the first place . 
  very unlike switzerland . 
  why did n't the eu accept their request ? 
  to a picture of merkel . 
  finally , a good starbucks coffee to drink while i feast on my ham & pineapple , stuffed crust , dominoes pizza . 
  living the dream !, 
  all the aussies that work in pubs in london have amassed and have decided to invade mainland europe !, 
  very interesting map , thanks for sharing . 
  at first glance it looks pretty evenly split , but i believe the south east has a relatively higher population when compared to the rest of gb , so i guess all in all it 's leaning towards * eurosceptics * ? 
  please correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  it 's ok , we also hate the those arrogant americans , those controlling germans , those smelly french , those potato poles , those needy greeks , those deluded russians , those neutral swiss , those awkward nordics and especially those lazy italians . 
  we hate them all , well expect for estonia . 
  ah ... bestonia , even just typing it 's name fills me with hope and joy . 
  scotland , i genuinely really enjoyed haggis . 
  i think the british isles get an exaggerated bad rep for their food , their pies and cooked breakfasts are really good . 
  it 's about time . 
  wait , why do n't we want these guys in the eu again ? 
  very cool map , but a higher res would be interesting to zoom in on regions and properly tell the colours apart, 
  i am quite ashamed to say that i had never even heard of transnistria before , interesting article thanks for posting . 
  man , i do n't want to be stuck with spain in every category . 
  czech czech czech czech czech czech czech it out , what what what what what 's it all about !, 
  i left australia with some unpaid late fines from blockbusters ... 
  i lost ghostbusters 2 . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'm a wanted man down there now . 
  it could be worse , they could still [ own a quarter ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5d/italy_1796.png ) of our country ... 
  in theory , federalisation and further integration could push forward . 
  however the uk is not the only country that opposes this , it 's just the largest and loudest . 
  so federalists will stop complaining about the uk `` whining '' and will instead complain about the netherlands ( or other opposing countries ) whining . 
  other than that , as an italian , i do n't see any huge benefits . 
  perhaps less of our younger skilled populations will move to london and will stay in italy ? 
  but they 'll probably just shift to australia and canada ... 
  optimism is good , but more positive results would be better . 
  cool map , i see that czech republic have invaded israel . 
  so sneaky . 
   there are already 2 countries willing to do this . 
  i agree very much with this , plus it 's not two small countries , the uk and italy are two big net-contributors . 
  if together they push an issue the franco-germans will have to listen . 
  i see what you 're getting at , but it 's more like : a few people decided to join together to buy a gym to own . 
  now that the treadmill has broken down , people are avoiding membership fees and we need to buy some new equipment , one of the key members who had the influence and available funds to help improve the gym has decided to drop out . 
  wait ... why the hell am i talking about a gym ? 
  well , the uk owes the eu the same commitments as the rest of the countries that joined . 
  they are rejecting the union that all of our nations agreed to be a part of . 
  not sure why you have to work in brussels to have those feelings ? 
  basically how the rest of the uk felt when scotland was having their referendum . 
  a little disappointed , a little betrayed , and of course you have the vocal minority basically saying f **** off and telling you that we are better off without the uk anyway ( but in actuality it just sucks being rejected ) . 
  hm , padova is more pleasant than isis ? 
  who knew . 
  perhaps she should have put just a little more thought into her decision to join an anti-west terrorist organisation before she left . 
  where do they mostly go ? 
  to the uk ?
