isis has cells in uk , germany , italy no shit . 
  i would n't care at all , ( unless it 's changed to something horrible ), 
  renzi is the argument against essentially . 
  i think some of these pictures do n't do the countries justice at all , i refuse to believe that was the best village picture they could find for scotland ... 
  [ here you go ] ( https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1pedws_xa8zxikohkgfa58aqtpljazqhzjwtbtfej86y/viewanalytics ) , not the majority as it turns out , but quite a large percentage . 
  there was a survey done on / r/europe not long ago and it showed that the majority of the users are from the us . 
  edit : [ here ] ( https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1pedws_xa8zxikohkgfa58aqtpljazqhzjwtbtfej86y/viewanalytics ) is the survey for those interested . 
  [ finally !!, 
  ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/118ykiqy0mznvc/giphy.gif ), 
  hah , that 's what i thought . 
  looks more like germany has just invaded france . 
  they 're celebrating with a light show after the troops parade up the champs-\u00c9lys\u00e9es . 
  i 'll reply to this post , but i wo n't reply to the next if you do n't even read my counter argument . 
  i did n't even touch on many of the points you accused me of saying within your response . 
  come on dude , it was a short paragraph , it would n't even take you long . 
  anyway , here we go :  so you 're saying that isolationism is the answer . 
  no , i did n't say that anywhere , i did n't present an answer . 
   what foreign policy decisions made these native belgians attack paris or their own country ? 
  belgium is a member of nato and in turn has been involved in nato operations in afghanistan and libya . 
  these * native * belgians are a mere second generation and have lived in cut off communities that have failed to assimilate into european culture , where they have been brainwashed by extremist indoctrination . 
  the attacks on paris , brussles , 7/7 , madrid all targeted civilian infrastructure to cause mass casualties . 
  i assume they picked these targets based on easy targets and high deathtoll opportunities . 
   does the western support for the mere existence of israel and the us agreeing to the saudi request for soldiers on their soil justify these attacks ? 
  of course it does n't justify these attacks . 
  nothing in the world could justify attacks on civilian targets . 
   maybe foreign policy is the cover they use to sound sympathetic to western audiences who agree that the west , mostly america , is evil and deserves it . 
  maybe these terrorists are jaded political cynics like you claim and see themselves as actual warriors in a clash of cultures . 
  now you 're just rambling . 
   i know what he 's talking about , i 've seen some people say it as well . 
  i believe you that you saw such comments , as we are witnessing equally insensitive comments from the poster above . 
  but believe me , it is far from the truth that europeans wish ill upon the lives of americans . 
  you must always remember that the hateful minority are always the most vocal , and the comments and posts you see from people on the internet do not to any extent reflect on the entire population . 
  coming here , specifically to a european sub just to gloat after a terrorist attack is obscene and an embarrassment . 
   it probably was n't the majority of people but it did seem like a popular opinion at the time . 
  that the terrorist attacks are a result of the us being involved in iraq and afghanistan and it 's obvious that `` they '' now hate the us for it . 
  the above poster did have a legitimate question wrapped up in his hatred : are the us and europe responsible for the terrorist attacks they are receiving due to their foreign policy ? 
  in my opinion , it 's mixed . 
  in part they are responsible . 
  our countries have been involved in iraq , afghanistan , libya , mali etc , displacing hundreds and further allowing breeding grounds for extremist indoctrination . 
  these conflicts that we are involved in breed a hatred within the generations affected , of course this is then combined with extreme islamist views of jihad . 
  would we all be better off , and would we have less terrorist attacks if these conflicts never took place ? 
  who knows . 
  the culture of these extremists is just to use any excuse to attack the west ( i.e they have caused threats and massacres over cartoons for gods sake ) , so i doubt it would be much different . 
  these questions must certainly be asked , but the hostility of the poster above , with the sole motive to troll within this sub forum is what bothered me . 
  this is your source for the whole of europe ? 
  this is where you get your generalised opinion from ?!, 
  would you like me to bring up 2 sources and a reddit comment that will prove that bigfoot exists ? 
  let me know , i can do it . 
   a couple ? 
  no , literally every british person said those things and they are just examples of what europeans say to americans after they are attacked . 
  no , i do not believe that the whole of the uk expressed those sentiments , let alone the whole of europe . 
   you do , it helps you feel better and superior . 
  yes , you are right . 
  i can safely say that i am better and superior than someone who has come here solely to gloat over the death of human beings . 
   i disagree , i do n't see thousands of americans saying you deserve this like i saw europeans say . 
  but you are saying so , and by your own logic i must now set a standard that all americans hate europeans and wish ill upon them because of some british trolls . / s no i do not believe for one second that all americans have this weird grudge . 
  so a couple of british trolls upset you after the boston marathon , so you 're here to extract some sort of revenge ? 
  whatever helps you sleep at night man , but seriously you ca n't honestly believe we all rejoice in us lives being lost . 
  we are not too different at the end of the day . 
   when the us is the target of terrorism we see european smugly tell americans , `` do you ask yourselves why they hate you ? '', 
  any proof of the majority of europeans saying this to the us ? 
  or is it just your own problem and insecurity with the people europe ? 
  so if you feel this way about us , why are you in r/europe ? 
  simply to troll us after yet another terrorist attack on our public ? 
  what ? 
  i answered your question with a possibility of why brussles was targeted , what do you mean or ? 
   italy has remain unscathed i 'm sure any intervention in libia will change that ... 
  obviously i ca n't say for sure , and it may be for a mix of reasons , but brussels is the centre of the eu government , so that may have something to do with it . 
  brussels is considered the de-facto capital of the european union . 
  fuck ... stay safe everyone around there . 
  unfortunately this is not isolated to spain , i think we all have our fair share of these kids . 
  europe 's problem is merkel , not germany . 
  no i do n't give a crap if they hire europeans or not , just hire anybody that does n't sound like they 're putting on a voice for a part . 
  you do n't need to have the exact same voice for every documentary . 
  see david attenborough , now that 's where its at . 
  to me it sounds like those trailer voice overs , it 's really off putting for a serious documentary . 
  i hate the generic voice-overs americans do for documentaries, 
  no thank you . 
  1 ) i feel safe . 
  2 ) czech republic is landlocked , landlocked !, 
  that would be good for them , culturally they are essentially the same in addition to no language barrier . 
  i 've also found that it 's not uncommon for an average family to have either grandparents in the uk , aunts in nz , uncles in canada or cousins in australia etc etc. 
  to be honest i 'm surprised this is not already a thing . 
  i do n't necessarily see it as a brain drain either , i mean sure , many young brits would leave for the sunshine , but london is also a popular destination and i 'm sure many can/aus/nzers will take advantage of an opportunity to temporarily/permanently move there . 
  italy : 1 . 
  yes , i have worked internationally for an italian company so it 's always been very important to know english for me , some of my colleagues who are n't as good struggle sometimes . 
  yes some of my family especially do n't know any english , no they are not at an economic disadvantage as english is not necessary within their careers , and for some other relatives they are too old for it to matter . 
  it 's taught quite badly in most schools , and it is only really a necessity for some specific jobs . 
  this post made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside, 
  is spain getting any closer to recognising a referendum ? 
  more jobs . 
  i should be president of the world with problem solving skills like this . 
   it was not during worldwar 2 ( and in fact the uk was doing its best for portugal to remain neutral ) . 
  why was the uk pushing for portugal 's neutrality during wwii rather than have them fight with the allies ? 
  are there any perks within the current portuguese and uk relationship ? 
  does portugal get in on any commonwealth deals , other uk dealings or vice-versa ? 
  you 'd think there would be a pretty strong friendship between the two nations with an alliance dating back to the 14th century ? 
  what 's with all the drunk , loud , sunburnt british everywhere else ? 
  you give some , you take some . 
   bus rides through central london  peaceful you 're dreaming pal,
