  damn , i missed it . 
  is there a link to a recording ? 
  yeah , it is not like the russians had a bunch of `` humanitarians '' laying around and decided to form a convoy . 
  rather , the convoy consists of repainted military vehicles operated by military personell carrying some supplies . 
  two weeks in they might just switch back to `` protect '' the russina population . 
  good points . 
  especially since it looks like the pro russian rebels are losing bad . 
  this seems to be a final attempt by putin to get on top of the situation . 
  ukraine should never allow the convoy to enter their borders , though there might not be much they can do to stop it . 
   i bet this is actually aid . 
  it might be aid , but for whom ? 
   recent example is when the swedish minister of justice fell for a satirical onion article about cannabis and death and then tried to play it off as a joke . 
  [ here is the link . 
  ] ( https://pay.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1um9cw/swedish_justice_minister_falls_for_daily_currant/ ) it hit reddit front page six months ago . 
  fun fact : the danish word for city , `` by '' , literally means `` village '' in swedish . 
  edit : also , a degrading name for a small backwater village in swedish is `` byh\u00e5la '' literally , `` villagehole '' . 
  yeah , that works in swedish too . 
  it is a bit ambiguous and i am not sure everybody interpret it the same . 
  it is not used that much in swedish and i have n't read dd in many years . 
   `` langtbortistan '' -- literally `` faroffistan '' . 
  fun fact : invented by the first translator of american donald duck comics , but has entered colloquial use . 
  i know you danes use `` by '' for `` city '' but in swedish ( and we have similar translation from donald duck : l\u00e5ngtbortistan ) it is `` stad '' , the definite form is `` staden '' or `` stan '' for short , so literally it is `` faroffcity '' . 
   `` we will wipe out twitter . 
  i do n't care what the international community says , '' premier recep tayyip erdogan said ** in an election rally ** in the western province of bursa on thursday . 
  he actually believes this will get him more votes ? 
  it makes sense now that microsoft and google co-operated with the nsa . 
  the nsa had something they wanted ...  the nsa and its british counterpart , the gchq , spied on the official in charge of the european commission 's antitrust office , which has threatened google with large fines and has already levied punitive fees from microsoft and intel , a new report says . 
  perhaps google and microsoft did n't mind so much co-operating with the nsa . 
  you scratch my back and i scratch yours ... 
   for example sweden ( which is in the beer-vodka belt ) drinks more wine than beer or vodka . 
  i came here to say that you were wrong but first i did some research and to my surprise you seem to be correct . 
  sweden used be in the vodka belt but it shifted in the 1990s to beer and about 10 years ago wine took over as the dominant alcohol type . 
  i am sure that the shift over to wine is due to the introduction of cheap `` bag in box '' wine that usually comes in 3 litre boxes . 
  i do think though that beer once again will take over due to the craft beer/micro brewery explosion ( edit : and maybe it already has at least in stockholm , the report is from 2006 ) below is the link to a can ( centre for alcohol and narcotics information ) report . 
  \u00d6l = beer ; vin = wine ; sprit = liquor http://www.can.se/pagefiles/1624/can-rapportserie-98-drogutvecklingen-i-sverige-2006-diagram.pdf?epslanguage=sv, 
  fra spokesman sounds almost exactly like his colleagues at the nsa six months ago ... 
  to add to the above : fra , and sweden , is an active player in the nsa ( and british gshq ) quantum project , actively targeting computers with malware . 
  this is not allowed by swedish law . 
  look at the result of the top performers in math . 
  it is way below average . 
  we are failing on all fronts , not just for the worst students ... 
  perhaps the swedes you met went to school decades ago ( we used to be among the top countries ) ? 
  privatising schools and at the same time allowing the schools themselves to grade their pupils without any central quality control surely was not a very good idea . 
  it is not too difficult to imagine grade inflation in such situation ( unless you are a politician ) . 
  but the increased segregation that came with the reform is probably a main explanation of the downfall . 
  the wealthier and better students are gathering in a few schools and the rest are spiralling down . 
  interestingly we do n't even se a benefit for our top students with this segregation since we are way below average also on top performers in math . 
  but , at least schools are now making a profit for their owners ... 
  i am sorry but i laughed . 
  here we go again ... 
  the sad part is that if they try it often enough they will probably win one day . 
  fra : we only spy on foreigner nsa : we only spy on foreigners gchq : we only spy on foreigners we are all foreigners to the nsa/gchq/fra . 
   still , the fundamental problem here is that yes , there is a `` us vs. the world '' balance of power here , but more fundamentally it 's a `` people vs. government '' balance of power . 
  now does n't that create a troublesome dichotomy for governments around the world ? 
  lose 50 % of my power to the us , but triple it internally ? 
  that 's 150 % and sounds like a win to me !, 
  thats the culprit . 
  we should not fool ourselves by thinking our governments would n't do exactly what the us has done , if it was legal . 
  they already do as much as they can right now and more . 
  it may be enough with a promise from the us to share some of the information they mine from eu citizens to buy their loyalty . 
  eu citizens has to make a stand . 
  i expect piratpartiet/pirate party to gain a few votes coming election . 
  it is interesting to note that eu citizens does not have any rights at all to privacy from nsa . 
  such rights are for americans only . 
  while ordinary citizens may not be primary targets for intelligence right now , data is collected to map all social networks and electronic activity in the world . 
  we can only speculate how the nsa and the us government will use this information in the future . 
  maybe they will only use it to protect agains terrorists threatening americans ? 
  maybe they will use it to support one side in a conflict somewhere in the world effectively giving that side access to the worlds most advanced domestic spy programme ever built ( including efforts made by stasi and kgb ) ? 
  maybe they will use it to blackmail officials in other countries to enforce us government policy ? 
  maybe they will use it to discredit any dissident opposing us policy and commercial interest , anywhere in the world ? 
  maybe they will use the information to influence opinion to try to tilt the outcome of a democratic vote in their favour !, 
  we do n't know . 
  but they will have the ability to do all those things . 
  can the us government be trusted with such powers ? 
  the world needs to wake up before big brother usa takes over the whole planet . 
  this is such ridiculous bullshit . 
  it wont stop terrorist to communicate since there are better options than imessage for that . 
  but it will enable mass surveillance of the population . 
  why should we grant them such powers ? 
   possibly greece v2 . 
  much worse than that . 
  italy 's economy is almost ten times bigger than greece ; if italy 's economy crashes like that expect the end of the euro as we know it . 
   no , the cost is not the same . 
  neither is the rebate . 
  i do see the argument but the data does not offer much support for it . 
  the graph showing change should have been log transformed on the y-axis so changes in both directions have the same weight . 
  a linear % - scale is not honest in this case ; on a log-scale , a doubling ( 200 % ) is the same magnitude as a halving ( -50 % ) which would be more appropriate and paint a different picture . 
  as the graph stands now it compresses negative changes and makes them look smaller than they really are :  high levels of immigration do n't seem to bother britons ; high rates of change do . 
  and it seems this is true even when immigration is reduced . 
  edit : clarifying my point . 
  almost all areas with with reduced immigration voted leave ... 
  i think this problem has been framed in the wrong way . 
  i do n't think eu citizens want to `` punish '' britain for brexit ; but we do n't want britain to get special favours from blackmailing or throwing a tantrum either . 
  the single market has its pros and cons and it looks a bit different depending on the specific country ; but it is designed to benefit all member states . 
  it would n't work if members could cherry pick the specific aspects they wanted for themselves som why should a nonmember be able to do that ? 
  yeah , i hear they learned from the best ... http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/nigel-farage-brexit-poster-vans-eu-referendum-london-remain-breaking-point-a7085396.html, 
   `` nobody wants to put themselves in the kind of mess the british have created for themselves . '' this is an interesting situation ; populism thrives on simple answers to complex problems and it is not always easy to prove them wrong , since the counter argument is more complex and takes effort to understand . 
  not anymore !, 
  wow . 
  this is just gold .
