my favourite . 
  but why did you not apply for protected designation of origin ? 
  chorizo has become popular enough for swedish producers to make their own version and those are horrible : http://www.scan.se/produkter/6029/chorizo/, 
   there are allot of people that do n't want democracy , and democracy itself has allot of flaws . 
  that is so true . 
  and i think attempting to bomb iraq into a democracy probably was not a good idea . 
  but the eu is different . 
  the eu is not ` expanding ' like an imperialistic force on its own . 
  no nation has been forced into the eu . 
  rather , many countries wanted to join the eu because they actually thought it was something to strive for . 
  perhaps they like democracy , freedom and the economy eu can offer ? 
  should we not welcome them if that is what they want ? 
  putin seem to not care about the people of ukraine or elsewhere and is prepared to use military force to coerce nations and expand his empire . 
  we should not accept it . 
   putin is kinda taking ukraine back the idea that putin can ` take anything back ' is a dangerous one and the eu would be wise to try convince him otherwise . 
  it becomes even more dangerous if putin knows he can get away with it . 
  allowing putin to grow his ego ( and russia to expand its borders ) without interfering may very well end up being more costly than trying to stop him . 
  that said , it is not an easy decision what to do . 
  but some support to ukraine to strengthen their self defence seems very reasonable . 
  perhaps not as bad as becoming puppets under putin . 
  besides , eu does not need to wage a war , only make sure ukraine does not lose its war . 
  i would n't blame them ... and it does n't seem like a too unrealistic scenario . 
  putin is a bully now , but imagine what he will become if he gets away with invading ukraine . 
  eu leaders need to understand that whatever it will cost to stop him , not stopping him might be far more more costly in the long run . 
   he knows the seeds for division have been sown and they only need time so that they may grow . 
  that i believe . 
  in that sense he is playing his realpolitik well . 
  but what about the costs ? 
  was it worth it ? 
  i do n't know , it probably depends on how you value things . 
  but i do believe russia would have been stronger if he sought peace rather than conflict with the ukraine . 
   where has the game changed ? 
  it has changed everywhere ( to some extent ) and this is the main reason putin has not yet invaded ukraine . 
  the costs are too high and there is very little to gain . 
  right now he is just punishing them for ego . 
  but russia is getting weaker by the minute and putin was recently forced to plunder two years worth of pension payments , just to support crimea . 
  the sanctions and trade war with the west is not helping either . 
  i wonder how long before russians start to look back to the good old days in 2013 ... 
  i do n't believe putin wants a war with the ukraine . 
  he did want to tie them tighter to russia economically but that failed . 
  right now it is just bullying . 
  i do n't think he will go for a full scale war , but he might try to grab some more land , because he can . 
   but this is how the ` game ' is played at the international level the game has changed but putin is still playing by the old rules and because of that he is currently losing . 
  the new game is about trade , growth and economic strength . 
  the weapons are not nuclear but agreements between nations and blocks such as eu , nafta , wto etc. 
  putin may have won crimea and he may stalled ukraine and he may even invade but his people and his nation are falling behind because of it . 
  putin himself may have been strengthen by war-mongering but a strong position in your country is not winning the game on the international level , or kim jong-un would be announced the winner by a margin ( only in north korea ) . 
  putin may very well find himself in a similar spot , unless he realises that the game has changed . 
  that would have been a better analysis imho . 
  the usa , is the only nation capable of playing by both the old and the new rules , but the secret is to never start a war with one of your neighbours . 
  would you believe it if i told you the author is not a journalist , but a [ professor of political science at the university of chicago ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_mearsheimer ) ? 
  i predict many more ` accidents ' before this is over . 
  edit : [ ukraine : 4 border guards killed in russian helicopter attack ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/ukraine-4-border-guards-killed-in-russian-helicopter-attack-2014-8 ), 
  and that is why you try to be nice to your neighbours or risk them turning away from you . 
   at the same time , the eu 's expansion eastward and the west 's backing of the pro-democracy movement in ukraine -- beginning with the orange revolution in 2004 -- were critical elements , too . 
  the eu is not ` expanding ' like an imperialistic force on its own . 
  rather , many countries wanted to join the eu because they actually thought it was something to strive for . 
  perhaps they like democracy , freedom and the economy eu can offer ? 
  should the eu deny them what they want just because putin 's offer is so much worse ? 
  from the article :  many members of parliament `` are allies of the militants-separatists , '' poroshenko said , referring to the pro-russian rebels who have battled government troops in the country 's east since april . 
  poroshenko believes they will not likely be elected this time and that would make it easier for him to defend his country . 
  also :  he emphasized the need to elect new leaders from the war-torn areas of east ukraine in order to represent the region in the new government . 
  i 'll do it anyway , for humanity  too bad it is difficult to get hold of ukrainian beer in stockholm . 
  i bet if a pub/bar would offer it right now , they would get a lot of attention . 
  give with one hand and smack them in the back of their head with the other . 
  how about buying the [ ukrainian beer russia do n't want , too ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20140814-russia-bans-ukrainian-beer-calorie-sanctions/ ) . 
  i 'll do anything for a good cause . 
  i think you forget that most people do n't speak russian . 
  can we please get at least a partial translate ? 
  edit : i got [ this from bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-28817347 ) :  `` i 'd like to give you some good news , '' he says . 
  `` at present , moving towards the corridor [ a link across the border into russia established by the rebels ] are ... 150 items of military hardware , 30 of which are tanks and the rest are infantry fighting vehicles and armoured personnel carriers . '', 
  also :  he added that the vehicles were accompanied by 1,200 personnel who had received four months ' training in russia . 
  edit2 : i see , / u/spin0 also found the same bbc story . 
  interestingly , the massive protests against the coming war against iraq did not take place in countries allied with the defender iraq . 
  it was mostly citizens in the aggressor country , usa , and its close and distant allies that protested in hope of stopping the aggressor 's plans to go to war . 
  maybe you should ask why russians do n't protest ? 
  maybe they were going to pick up ` supplies ' at the border . 
  agree , it was probably a stretch saying crimea did fine . 
  but it is way worse now after they have been cut off from ukrainian infrastructure . 
  and i can not blame the ukraine for that . 
   i do think it 's good that the russians are chipping in to help the development of crimea . 
  i seem to remember crimea doing just fine before putin 's land grab . 
  that said , i do agree that russia now has an obligation to help them . 
  but that does n't change the fact that it is a cost of putin 's imperialistic ambitions payed by the russian peoples pensions . 
   hate to step on the circle jerk , but people are rarely asked for their opinions before entering wars or other foreign policy actions . 
  were americans asked before they entered iraq ? 
  true . 
  and bush did go to war despite [ massive protests world wide ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/protests_against_the_iraq_war ) . 
  interestingly , starting a war seem do do wonder with your approval ratings in the short run , wether you are [ bush ] ( http://www.hist.umn.edu/~ruggles/approval.htm ) or [ putin ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/ukraine-plane-crash/poll-putins-approval-rating-all-time-high-russia-n161161 ) . 
  but in the long run it may come back and bite you in the ass . 
  war comes at a cost that may not be obvious in the early phases when the propaganda machine works on overdrive . 
  the iraq war probably helped deepen the 2008 crisis in the usa due to its [ astronomical cost ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/financial_cost_of_the_iraq_war ) . 
  and putin 's war budget has already confiscated 2 years of pensions in russia . 
  i think this is the most important message today . 
  war is not good and it will cost you . 
  do n't reward warmongering leaders with high approval ratings . 
  they may not all be aware of it yet , but they are paying for crimea with their future pensions :  desperate for cash to develop crimea , the russian government has dipped into the national pension fund , essentially deciding to confiscate everything its citizens will contribute to it this year and the next . 
  `` no one has any intention of giving this money back , because this money has gone to crimea , '' said finance minister anton siluanov . 
  ( his deputy was promptly fired when he confessed on facebook that he `` feels ashamed '' for the expropriation on aug. 
  [ 76n6 clam shell low altitude acquisition radar ] ( http://www.ausairpower.net/clamshell.html ),
