i 'm pretty passionate about history and will try to argue . 
  sure , there is n't primary evidence in german statistics or something similar to that - undisputable truth . 
  we can only guess the number looking at other stats ( such as jews number before and after war , they couldnt just vanish right ? 
  not all of them was able to run away to usa for sure ) . 
  i would say 500k of dead jews is enough to call it holocaust but im pretty sure there were more victims , even during hardest war time , germans would rather send train full of jews for ' a cleaning ' than transporing military stuff to the east and later west . 
  as i agree that 6 millions might be propaganda i ca n't agree with debating about existance of holocaust . 
  have a nice day , 
  i hope we were delicious , 
  commonwealth ceased to exist almost 100 years earlier also due to p/russian/austrian co-op . 
  starving ppl in poland ????? 
  edit : we ethiopia now, 
  i agree but it 's also kind of ` religious ' war , islamist had no idea how to threat europe for almost 400 years becouse their last powerhouse were ottomans , now they have terrorism . 
  they use ` peacefulness ' to spread more fear than there is in countries with terro-attacks all the time like israel . 
  isreal is rather religious and conservative country and they does n't seem to be so panicked as europe is . 
  i hope so , i think christians were barbaric at the time but it 's our past and shoukd not be forgotten ,, 
  no one ever stole you land ? 
  grand duchy of moscow first destroyed and wiped out it 's own compatriots ( for example novogrod ) , they you were warring everyone who had some land and was weak at the time , golden horde , crimea , ottomans , poles & lithuania . 
  if someone had chance to stab their back and take land - russia was first to do it . 
  the only four times that russia was dealing with occupation and threat to their independency were - mongols ( nothing close to russia at the time ) , we poles ( our kings were swedish dynasty anyway ) when we took rule of your country but our dumb prince ( fcking vasa ) did n't want to convert cause he could n't rule both russia and commonwealth then , napoleon was the next one and last would be 1941 ( must be nice to get backstabbed huh ? ) . 
  russians are so whiny in the internet , atleast they are decent at drinking and i can make drinking matches with my russian friends , 
  what does gdp has to dimplomatic influence and army ? 
  alone they would not stand a chance against nato&usa but together they are huge threat . 
  yes im thinking about that culture , do you believe cutting off christianity , history and culture is a good thing ? 
  i do think teaching them our open side is great but if we want people to assimilate we need to teach them language , culture , local beliefs and history . 
  nations does n't revolve around lgbt and secularity or even free speech , they resolve around culture and language . 
  you 're right but what can we do ? 
  europe is not that dominant region as it was in 19th century ( europe during that time vs all others would be kind of intresting conflict to see ) , usa is powerful but not that much stronger that china and russia anymore . 
  solidarity in military case is possible but every country has its own intrests and political union is not easy to make . 
  poland was always rather peaceful country , even if we count commonwealth . 
  we had 1 or 2 ( one against russia when we took rule of them ) wars when we were first to attack during commomwealth and more aggresive post 1918 stage . 
  i know it 's kind of bad example but americans were madmans in 1945 ? 
  people can go mad anyday , u do n't know day or the hour . 
  i do n't dislike russians at all !, 
  problem with them is that they always seem to choose aggresive rulers for their country , people with imperial thing in their mind . 
  just look at the history , russia had stalin , lenin , rurik/romanov dynasties , nearly all of them were imperialists and expansionists . 
  `` those who do not learn history are doomed to repeat it . '', 
  i know most people do n't care but i always try to consider history of my country when things happen between russia/poland . 
  poland lost it 's indepedency to russia twice , in 1795 and 1939 , it 's hard to just say `` russia is a greaf peaceful country !, 
  '' , it 's not , they never were . 
  please do n't compare eu to nato , eu is politico-economic union and nato is millitary alliance . 
  no country wants to leave nato , even the ones that consider leaving eu . 
  although , there are people who wants their countries to leave , most of them being leftist/marxist ( like jeremy corbyn ) . 
  as long as nato works together there is no need for `` eu solidarity '' in sense of economy only . 
  well , showing a bit of our patriotism , history , christianity and culture would not be bad at all . 
  we are trying so hard to be ` modern ' that we are forgetting our past and what makes us a nations . 
  i really hope that italian plan works out , 
  as much as i respect putin i also fear him , he 's a good leader but very aggresive one . 
  he ca n't win war with nato but having so supportive society , huge army and nukes really could ruin our world . 
  there 's saying in my country , `` good russia is weak russia '' and there 's a lot of truth in that looking at the history . 
  i hope east and west can live in peace becouse the first one to get destroyed would be my country - poland which i love and want to prosper . 
  we still do n't have enough information to think about purposeful shooting down . 
  i hope it was a just misunderstaning ... 
  i kind of have no idea why would this plane fly over turkish land and do n't respond for the warnings . 
  i mean even if that was spy or some shit he couldve just go backed off or say he has some navigation problems . 
  other possiblity is that pilot really had technical difficulties or health issues and could not respond . 
  what are they ? 
  kids ? 
  of course they are supposed to work for their living there . 
  no , but it will affect diplomacy and economy . 
  another one : jemen , if you want a good change , do n't ruin your own country , just sayin, 
  yes , our cultures are too different so we do n't want them here if that 's what you 're asking . 
  do you know how reformation did spread ? 
  from city to city . 
  if they make a huge community in germany it will affect us sooner or later ... 
  it 's not that small thing as you mihgt think , letting them in now is like saying `` we take everyone , come guys '' for another masses . 
  oh wait , someone actually said that ... 
  you 're swedish , you should know their wierd rape culture and trying to enforce their law ... 
  there will always be a certain % of them trying to accomplish their policies ... 
  i 'm very happy that they will only grant pass for real refuges , i 'm not a fan of them in europe but fact that most of so-called refuges came from pretty peaceful countries only worsened my opinion of them staying here ... 
  they really wo n't like what will happen with this country after assad fall . 
  look what happened with libia , egypt or iraq ... 
  really ? 
  atleast try using google ... https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_confederation and yes , you 're partially right but commonwealth really weakened after khmelnytsky uprising ( which turned into war with russia , imagine it as a war with russia/ukraine straight after war with ottomans and after these two conflicts you get attacked by swedish empire ), 
  western europe was 300 years behind poland/lithuania in terms of humanism . 
  commonwealth was multi-religious/cultural country with huge tolerance at the time . 
  it really backfired on us and we just learnt from history . 
  do you really think they would want to go back to destroyed/unstable country after this war ? 
  i do n't think it 's a good idea , creating another iraq/afghanistan will make west bleed once again . 
  that 's good idea but it propably wo n't be happening . 
  i think isis is useful in `` uniting '' europe so it will last for a few next years . 
  nope , i think it 's more about culture and if they were about to be productive or not . 
  i would n't mind refuges if they were to assimilate and work hard but looking at west muslims thats propably not possible . 
  again man ? 
  poland got surprisingly a lot of refuge supporters in this pool , that 's propably because theres huge amount of people supporting but christian refuges . 
  right , eu leaders , you do n't take normal people into the count . 
  well , pis is kind of aggressive and might get few friends but also a lot of enemies . 
  j. kaczy\u0144ski ( like actual leader but he seems to be slowly retiring ) is brother of our tragically dead president l. kaczy\u0144ski in https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_polish_air_force_tu-154_crash . 
  russians still did n't return wreck to us and there was a lot of controversy that it might have been russian attempt . 
  there was a joke that when pis gets to rule poland they would get it back ... using tanks lol . 
  situation looks kinda bad because it 's not good to make enemies with both russians and germans . 
  i do n't know if you love our new government or not but i felt really bad ( as a pole ) about what happened . 
  i do n't really like our new gov but i hope they wo n't act like their predecessors . 
  i 'm not a gambler but sure , i bet about 10 euros , this is all i 've got , we poor . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not kind of person to hold grudge against germans for ww2 or current situation . 
  i like germans myself and i think their politics are great , they 're strong enough to rule europe without military force . 
  i just think that vote from someone who had 20 % society support is n't legitimate and forcing countries to take refuges ( which do n't worry , will run to germany soon looking at our benefits politic ) is n't fair . 
  i do n't have to argue with you , i give germany like 10-15 years and it will either be refuges bitch or maybe another short austrian with cool mustache will appear . 
  still ruled by germany and supported by france . 
  you have to remember there 's nothing like `` unity '' in ue . 
  in the past ( after second world war ) france and germany made kind of `` alliance '' to balance/rival power of great britain and usa .
