  if i 'm white i will live 6 years longer than white males and 14 years longer than black males . 
  if i 'm encouraged to get medical care it 's because i owe it to myself . 
  when my husband is encouraged to get medical help it 's because he owes to to me and the kids . 
  if something bad happens to me or just one woman i believe it is an offense against all women . 
  i believe that if something bad happens to a man it 's because he 's a loser . 
  i think that alimony is fair when paid to a woman but not fair when paid by a woman . 
  i 'm more likely to believe that women who commit crimes are sick and need treatment or understanding whereas men who commit crimes are evil and should be locked up forever . 
  i can criticize the opposite sex without social penalty , but woe be to the man who attempts to criticize me or other women . 
  i can throw a fit and act like a two year old to get what i want without damaging my mate value . 
  i have the luxury of not being the filter for natural selection . 
  i can sleep with my boss if i want and afterwards i can sue him for sexual harassment . 
  i can wear seductive clothing and perfume to attract a man at work but no one will accuse me of sexual harassment . 
  if i hear a story about darfur and how men who leave the refugee camps to gather wood are hacked to death to prevent their wives from being raped i am likely to think that is proper but not likely to send money . 
  if i hear a story about darfur and how women are leaving the refugee camps to gather wood are being raped i 'm likely to be outraged \\ . 
  i 'm also likely to wonder why these women 's husbands are n't protecting them . 
  if i ever heard these stories about darfur it is my privilege not to care or even consider that the reason the second story exists is because all the men in the first have already been killed . 
  it is my right to maintain the belief that men oppress women despite all of the evidence to the contrary . 
  no , wymyn make men give up on marriage ... 
  do n't worry , artificial wombs will be banned ... for single men anyway, 
  they can still poison the following generations , but i do n't think most of them will want to give birth once aw are a thing , especially combined with ubi, 
  the thirst is real, 
  never got around to it but i will eventually, 
  i got used to his voice and his great advantage is the short format as i often do n't have much time to watch/listen to mgtow videos . 
   since prostitution is forbidden by the state, 
  come to europe then, 
  do feminists support anything constructive ? 
  because most of their politics seems to be about destroying what men have built, 
   her sense of danger, 
  her what ? 
  most of western europe has been living in constant peace since ww2, 
  this works perfectly because if you bitch about being short then wymyn will believe it even if you 're a head taller than them, 
  [ huh ? 
  ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/009/832/dafuq-did-i-just-read-meme.jpg ), 
  i 'd recommend [ green countries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prostitution_in_europe ) but it 's legal in poland too, 
  i fucking hate people that say suicide is selfish , these kinds of `` people '' would forcefully keep you alive only to remain miserable and slave away for some more time . 
  i also have n't seen anyone calling a female anhero selfish ... 
  the bitch should as messenger rising ... 
  exactly my point . 
  cuck pitt, 
  i ca n't really stand loud people either male or female ... 
   are in your face about how happy they are, 
  they 're probably faking it, 
   miserable women who are melancholic or , well , not tumblr crazy , but simply sad are much more bearable than happy women . 
  not for long term, 
  maybe they should n't ride the cock carousel that hard ? 
  oh wait , being logical and responsible for your actions is a mostly male thing, 
  go spam somewhere else you fucking asshole, 
  wtf indeed, 
  \\  linking to 4chan directly , not through an archive ( 4plebs , desuarchive etc. ), 
  even better : http://archive.4plebs.org/pol/thread/140346194, 
  thx , 
  [ indeed ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-tahrr7ackxy/uu38wpepaci/aaaaaaaalga/a8daviqyld0/s1600/indeed.gif ), 
  twatter used to have free speech ... do n't worry , gab.ai will fall as well eventually . 
  i 'm not balding yet ( and by looking at male relatives i never will ) but i always buzz and shave because i prefer it that way . 
  most chicks would prefer me with hair ... one more reason to stay bald . 
   kikebook mgtow groups, 
  who the hell is so fucking stupid to out themselves like that ? 
  all it takes is a white knight infiltrator to bust you and then the gynocentric society will punish you ( fired , harassed etc. ), 
  `` but muh white genocide '' - says any alt right cuck, 
   making fun of women in here is getting out of control ... almost as out of control as the constant fucking whining and bitching about them . 
  i just ate some fried [ salo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salo_ ( food \\ ) )  perfect keto breakfast , it 's almost only fat and it tastes sofa king good, 
  you should get a paternity test just in case ... 
  thank dog they are n't nato members, 
   except for height and a square jaw, 
  the two most important factors of looks ... luckily i only have to bitch about being short to drive away any female ( danger averted ), 
  no :p, 
  it 's mostly females that know their life will suck without men, 
  yeah , just leave reddit :d, 
  what for , so they can hide their past better ? 
  kek, 
  all it takes for a woman to cheat is to want to and ask a random man if he wants to fuck her ... most guys are so clueless they 'll say yes w/o hesitation, 
  you could n't be more off . 
  lots of chads are mgtow because they see female nature and got disgusted by it . 
   those chads will always just pick the top 10 % of women , leaving the rest to compete . 
  nope . 
  they do n't even have to choose , because wymyn are competing for their commitment, 
   especially once the wking and betabux dries up . 
  that wo n't dry up thanks to taxes . 
  but male attention will once we have cheap and widespread sex robots ... 
  one final thing : do n't be mgtow as a revenge or trying to fix the unfixable , be mgtow for yourself !, 
  otherwise you 're just wasting your time ... 
  til plebbit now hosts videos as well, 
  np links are supposed to mitigate that ... but most subs do n't implement the css hacks so archive.is would be a better alternative, 
  if you 're frugal and have savings and/or passive income you do n't have to work anymore ... 
  seems like someone was n't been reading the news about the korean peninsula ... 
  most incels do n't hate wymyn either , they 're the biggest simps of the planet ( for a while anyway ), 
  well said , brother . 
  this is ten times true on / r9k / . 
  you only need one if you post videos or leave comments, 
  everyone ? 
  i surely do n't , 
  they made their bed , now they can lie in it . 
  did she just assume these guys ' gender ? 
  reeeeeeeeeee, 
  this should be the top of the sidebar, 
  if only you replied to comments ... 
  read the sidebar material you lazy piece of shit, 
  except if she has stds, 
  now i know which place to avoid if i ever go to cucknada ... not because of the place itself , but because this roastie works there, 
  wo n't work against herpes ...
