  \\ - you fucked my mother ??? 
  \\ - so what ? 
  you fucked mine , too ... 
  misread it as, 
   triggered unicorn, 
  \\  superpower, 
  kek, 
  i do n't . 
  come on , has anyone ever made porn for `` empowerment '' except ms. fuck me in the butt ? 
  only if you 're a sort of mercenary, 
   but their interests do not always coincide, 
  while that 's true ,, 
  1 . different areas have different ruling elites, 
  2 . even the `` most sacred enemies '' among them would save each other before any of the allied `` proles '', 
  what is the problem with modern society ? 
  `` children with guns '' = women with political power, 
  what is the solution ? 
  how do we get there ? 
  start paying attention to mgtow, 
   just do n't let her make you her bitch . 
  too bad laws grant her this power ... and not migrants ? 
  what law applies to migrants these days , seriously ? 
  and what 's your plan ? 
  be a good beta and hope she wo n't divorce rape you ? 
  ( protip : she will because it 's profitable ), 
  i know this stance is n't really popular in white nationalist circles ( there was a feud between the two parties recently ) but the only way you 'll undo feminism 's harm is by leaving and thus forcing the voting majority ( i.e. 
  women and white knights ) to do it themselves . 
  and of course you 'll have to revoke their voting rights so it wo n't happen again ... 
  child support is still a thing , and you have no say when it comes to your children if the mother is on the other side ... 
  i wo n't address the shaming language because that shows that you do n't have actual counter arguments . 
   it 's not women , it 's the system . 
  tell me then : who votes for the system ? 
  who are the most active voters ? 
  just tell me . 
  and guess which gender is more numerous above 45 ... 
  i have already said that in this thread , though ... 
  i do n't hate women , i just do n't put myself in legal situations with them . 
  ( mgtow at its core is also known as the marriage strike . ), 
  wake me when it is able to reproduce , either with its own kind or with humans ... 
  good . 
  no more sperm jacking and child support ... 
  wan na trigger feminazis with metal ? 
  destr\u00f6yer 666 comes to the [ rescue ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgpzvtvj6qa ) ... 
  ** and ... she ... 
  likes ... eeeet **, 
  apart from lying in bed all day being sick as fuck it was ok, 
  \\  first paragraph, 
  you do n't say ? 
  even at that you 're wrong . 
  she can still leave anytime she wants and use the child ( ren ) as a weapon against you . 
  it only takes one false molestation claim to have your life ruined . 
  and apart from that , sperm jackers exist who will take the condom out of the trash to impregnate themselves with its contents . 
  so yeah , child support for someone i did n't even want ? 
  or for someone i 'd like to raise but ca n't because vagina ? 
  no thanks !, 
  \\  inb4 screen her properly, 
  some of the craziest are the best actors because they know that no one ( of value ) would do anything with them if they were honest . 
  and no , the average looking or the ugly women are no exception either . 
  \\  muh people, 
  they 'll be defeated without any radical move . 
  sure , you all can lie to yourselves and others and believe that women are sweet and innocent except a few , but you 're all in a rude awakening . 
  look into the reasons why mgtow are so many , it might change your attitude , too . 
  on a last note , have you ever tested if your children ( if any ) are biologically yours ? 
  because 10 % of men are cucks without ever realizing it ... 
   i 'm trying to figure out a way that the guy can be mgtow , but yet both the man and woman are married and still think they are in love . 
  help ? 
  maybe redpill-aware ... not mgtow because you ca n't go your own way if you 're married ... 
  does that format work on all platforms ? 
   ask them if they think the women in china have a point and valid reason for avoiding marriage, 
  * but ... but that 's different !!!!!!!, 
  except guys with ball busting fetish of course ... 
  i know how the hosts file works , i was merely asking if listing multiple domains on the same line works in every major os . 
   the court will surely let you see your child, 
  that 's not what some of my friends experienced ... as i said , all it takes is a false allegation and you 're lucky if your life is n't ruined but you can say goodbye to your kid ( but not child support ), 
   red pill subreddit, 
  where the hell was i talking about trp ? 
  mgtow is about your own self ( while r/mgtow is a venting place for newer guys ) , not the hunt for pussy like trp . 
  come on , by the excessive shaming language and unwillingness to listen , you actually come off as a white knight . 
   whole women hating, 
  white knight confirmed . 
   i 'm testing them when i do, 
  at least you have n't completely lost your mind . 
  some of power metal are one the most bluepilled i 've ever heard . 
  you 're still just strawmanning and ignoring everything i said , while saying the same bs all over and over again . 
  it 's funny because the no ma'am blog has content about mgtow since 2001 . 
  you ca n't be a mgtow if you 're married , simple as that . 
  check out r/alttrp which is closer to your needs . 
  like equating mgtow and trp ? 
  the two camps disagree about everything except the core tenets ( female nature and not getting married if one can help it ) and while r/marriedredpill and r/redpillparenting exist and will help you with their respective topics , mgtow prohibits both . 
  most mgtow even shun game and self-improvement to attract women ... 
  it 's funny because i 've only seen the yellow logo ( made in 2006 afaicr ) till this was added here, 
   who lied about their positions to get elected and then pulled a 180 when in office, 
  politicians are the same everywhere, 
   which has officially become the largest security breach in us history, 
  and they want to execute snowden , not this bitch, 
  lol 'd, 
   inb4 blue pillers or srsers take it seriously, 
  most people will listen to feels first , not facts, 
  have you seen ex machina yet ? 
  that 's still a good alternative compared to the terminators ...
