  maybe , maybe not . 
  remember , the roman empire was destroyed by feminism as well . 
  why the fuck would you try to drill a hole with your bare finger when you have far better tools ? 
  he 's an antipozi faggot who hates mgtow because we do n't sacrifice ourselves to ungrateful bitches ... so , a tradcuck, 
  how long can you go without cleaning yourself ? 
  a what ? 
  oh wait , i have an ad blocker , 
  so in short : abundance -  feminism -  decline -  death . 
  the same thing is happening to the usa and the eu as well . 
  sure bro , let yourself be manipulated by women and puas even more with this bs . 
  also , you sound like a shill . 
  you , probably . 
  and then you woke up . 
   a shill , also called a plant or a stooge , is a person who publicly helps or gives credibility to a person or organization without disclosing that they have a close relationship with the person or organization . 
  shills can carry out their operations in the areas of media , journalism , marketing or other business areas . 
  ( from wikipedia ), 
  how the fuck do you know what anyone 's nature is ? 
  for one , i 'm the lone wolf type , a bit misanthropic , who can not stand being tied down and especially can not stand the smell and noise children make . 
  fuck off back to / pol / with your tradcuck circlejerk, 
  i did try nofap once . 
  thanks to that , i could barely sleep at all and i almost failed all my classes that semester . 
  oh , and i almost got into a few fights thanks to the fucked up chemical state . 
  never again . 
  archive.is please, 
   but we need to have children in our lifetimes or that 's it . 
  why ? 
   but then why are you posting on this site instead of just enjoying your life ? 
  because we like talking to likeminded people and this is the only male space left online . 
   i do n't spread ridiculous , paranoid , overly pessimistic exaggerations about women . 
  we neither , it 's just the simple truth . 
   your inability to be reproductively successful * ly *, 
  what inability ? 
  even the poorest and ugliest gypsy can reproduce . 
  i * chose * not to . 
  if it was n't illegal i 'd 've got a vasectomy ages ago , but travelling abroad is over my budget right now . 
  are you really this retarded or just trolling ? 
  fighting the uphill battle here on cuckit is unnecessary , unless you can get in a few admins ( no , not mods ) friendly to the cause and some other people on higher levels who can prevent their firing . 
  until you can do that it 's perfectly pointless . 
  meanwhile / pol / is left to its own devices to do almost everything that does n't go against a few laws , and even then it 's rarely enforced . 
  you really think that you can win like this ? 
  they can ban all that is not sjw-approved in a heartbeat and keep ddosing voat indefinitely . 
  so it 's either here changing the rules or over 4chan . 
  they wo n't dare to attack 4chan because then they 'll have to deal with the collective wrath of / pol / and / b / , with the latter being far more dangerous . 
  old but gold, 
  i 'm still wondering wtf she wants from us ... 
  was that totesmessenger ? 
  i 'd laugh so hard if it was ... 
   as well as other part of the manosphere , just take a look at the men 's rights movement, 
  ftfy, 
   more females attempt suicide , more males complete it * because men are better at everything including suicide *, 
  ftfy ( also , women try `` suicide '' for attention whoring purposes ), 
   homeless population, 
  no , it 's mostly divorce raped men who lost everything and wo n't ever get another chance from society, 
  we 're not your slaves to look for sources you 'll claim to be bogus anyway despite its origins ... y u no gtfo back to your feminazi hive and leave us alone ? 
  no sane man thinks of the usa as a democracy in our country , only stupid liberals , women and russophobic shills do . 
  we had seen all faces of communism ( from hardliners like r\u00e1kosi to soft communism of k\u00e1d\u00e1r ) and this is why leftism has so little effect on us : ** it 's nothing new ** . 
  yeah , just leave us the fuck alone , cuck, 
  just because someone new is lurking here it does n't mean they 're mgtow ... there are lots of guys who 're just curious what we 're up to, 
  we call that shit oligarchy here . 
  pets wo n't falsely accuse you of rape tho ... 
   ten times more testosterone, 
  actually 15-20x, 
  you know you can also work on the technology ... 
  i 'm more of a table soccer kind of guy , and it 's much more fun when everyone is drunk as fuck, 
  do some sort of freelancing , then you can work whenever you want :p, 
  the article also has lots of examples . 
  it 's up to you to decide whether you wan na do this or not . 
   he longed for the feeling of being loved . 
  the cynics around here will claim it 's a feminine ideal or that it does n't exist . 
  funny that , if you do n't feel loved you will claim it does n't exist . 
  you misunderstood this . 
  it does exist , you just wo n't get it genuinely from a woman . 
  pets , on the other hand ... 
  first of all , https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/middle-ground, 
  secondly , anything can be taken out of context at any time and twisted in any way . 
   caring about anyone on kikebook except friends/family, 
  that shit needs a nsfl warning, 
  i ca n't even say anything bad about the holocaust without risking jail ... 
  the problem is n't feminism , the problem is female nature . 
  feminism is just the iron fist of it . 
  only back at my parents ' house ( cat and dog ), 
  spread this on / pol / for shits and giggles, 
  afaicr you ca n't `` invent '' new faces in your dreams , your brain can only use ones you 've seen at least for a moment, 
  your shaming language is useless and unnecessary here , you wo n't really win anyone for your cause in this sub ... 
  it 'd be great material for a female hate thread , that 's for sure, 
  \\  implying tor is n't compromised, 
  top kek m8, 
  deleted, 
  w t f did i just read ? 
  [ total ass cancer ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=babymoon ), 
  it 's actually worse than nothing , because it 's like painting a huge red bullseye on your back, 
  this shows what they actually think about you . 
  zero respect . 
  also , if you have a bit of self-respect you 'll just break up with her and go completely cold with your female family members as well . 
  a little hint : most guys do n't get hints at all , so do n't even try hinting , be direct with him instead . 
   men all have pedophilic tendencies, 
  you 're mistaken . 
  most men do find teens hot , but not under 13 ... 
  no , with the threat of divorce rape she 's your master ... 
  that 's why you do n't get married , bro,
