   take your patriarchy and, 
  you take your gynocentrism and ... but an overprivileged princess like you will never understand how laws are anti-male now . 
  let me bring a few examples :, 
  - rape is defined so women ca n't be punished for raping men , the man even has to pay child support, 
  - divorce laws : ( lifetime ) alimony , `` child '' support for mommy 's new iphone , asset `` split '' ( the man retains nothing ), 
  - far less severe sentences if any, 
  - zero quotas in our favor ( not even in nursing/teaching jobs because * eww pedo * ), 
  - men automatically arrested and imprisoned in dv cases even if they 're the victims, 
  - even not agreeing with feminism is a crime, 
   try to imagine that . 
  try some emphathy . 
  if you can . 
  you should instead , but you ca n't . 
  your kind can only scream for more privileges but cheers when a man is harmed . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  think of the past . 
  think roman empire . 
  the same is happening now . 
  someone at r/conspiracy thinks it was a retaliation because france threatened to back out of ttip . 
  i guess we 'll never know . 
  now as you do n't have any arguments you resort to shaming language . 
  typical . 
  what 's next ? 
  getting me banned ? 
  killing off everyone in europe just to be on the safe side ? 
  it 's not stupidity , it 's propaganda . 
  anything that threatens gynocentrism is `` mra '' these days . 
  mass immigration benefits everyone except the eu and the source countries . 
  c u c k e d, 
  will anything happen if they just say no ? 
  you know , things like overthrowing the government , or maybe forcing immigrants to leave ... 
  he deserves to rot in prison for the rest of his life . 
  why ? 
  for ** aiding terrorists ** . 
  marrying a woman is failing a huge shit test . 
  with that you hand over any power you had to her & the state , which will result in complete loss of respect . 
  other cultures * might * require women to stay and pretend ( or it does n't apply if no power is transferred ) but cheating and cuckolding is likely from that on . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  read the [ predatory female ] ( http://www.revolucionantifeminista.org/wp-content/uploads/2009/06/lawrence-shannon-the-predatory-female.pdf ) it 's a highly recommended book when it comes to marriage . 
  mgtow sees mra as an epic failure . 
  mainly because they want to appease feminists and that castrates them , so in turn they do n't accept the pill . 
  lots of mgtow have given up on the mrm since . 
  that 's true , but i do n't see what it has to do with my comment . 
  there are lots in mgtow who are already divorced and joined because they do n't want to make the same mistake again . 
  some of them even used to be mras but realized how futile it is . 
  apart from that , the mrm became nothing more than an echo chamber as they do n't really grow anymore and their words fall on deaf ears . 
  - men are disposable so women do n't care . 
  - the majority of men are also white knights so they vote how women tell them to . 
  i do n't think it 'd help . 
  and , by judging history ( roman empire ) nothing will . 
  the end of western society is close . 
  is that `` you '' singular or plural ? 
  check [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dlv36yd-om4 ) video by turd flinging monkey on _ how _ it works . 
  for the _ why _ also check who helped feminism rise to power . 
  in this case i have to disagree ( as i ca n't speak for everyone ) . 
  i personally do n't intend to change this even if patriarchy rules again ( either by conservatives or muslim immigrants restoring it ) . 
  i 'm currently in an ltr and the only way this will change is a break-up , not marriage ( then divorce ) . 
  how i wo n't be trapped ? 
  she fanatically hates children and has bad experience about marriage ( her father left them with almost every asset and no child support - lucky him ) but i know i 'll eventually leave . 
  why ? 
  why not ? 
  it 's not a myth , but it 's not what feminists complain about either . 
  patriarchy is what daesh ( isis ) has ( by sharia law ) right now . 
  and guess what !, 
  europe is being overrun by immigrants that believe that sharia is above all `` secular '' laws . 
  so yeah , if our governments get inspiration they could even fix the birth rate by giving control back to men ... but it 's improbable . 
  in the long run they 'll outnumber us , and when that happens all cultural marxists ( feminists , sjws etc. ), 
  will be forced into submission or executed . 
  2018 and unless they fuck something up fidesz will win for the 3rd time . 
  aaaaaaaaand men are still disposable . 
  lots of venting, 
  it 's a bitter pill to swallow ... realizing that all you 've learned about society and women all your life are lies ... 
   playing into the tptb, 
  what other choice do we have ? 
  get married then divorce raped ( asset loss + alimony + child support ) ? 
  for me that 's way enough reason , there 's nothing bitter about it . 
  also , mgtow does n't equal voluntary gender apartheid , it equals no marriage on a basic level ( while others go further but it 's their choice ) . 
  so yeah , the usual tradcon/feminist lies caught up with you . 
  have you looked at the laws of your country recently ? 
  because most of us have and made the choice not to get married based on anti-male laws . 
  if that happens i hope in saudi arabia . 
  \\ #gamergate needs to expand outside game journalism . 
  this was taken here at the keleti station , before the fence was built . 
  too bad that our new `` constitution '' bans referendums that concern international treaties . 
  yep , it was made by orb\u00e1n . 
  no , we wo n't be able to vote about this , paks 2 ( expensive npp ) , ttip , eu or nato memberships either . 
  hitlary clitorion will win because reasons . 
  it does n't matter if she wo n't get most of the votes ... 
   if the system is n't rigged, 
  that 's a huge if ... 
  feminazis , their mangina orbiters and lots of others who are afraid of any backlash . 
  i 've read soumission ( in hungarian of course , and the [ cover ] ( http://img.444.hu/borito.jpg ) is awesome ) in which ... 
  ** spoiler alert !!!, 
  ** ( stop reading this comment if you wan na read the book ), 
  the main character shows how the whole country ( and himself ) gets cucked . 
  le pen has the highest chance of winning but then one of the other parties teams up with a muslim party ( they win of course ) and how good it is . 
  at the end , the main char converts to islam as well . 
  they could start building a fence ... 
  my long term plans include a house with a huge backyard that will have place for two big dogs to run around . 
  one would be a german shepherd and the other a komondor .
