  goddammit my sides :d, 
  marriage can only last without no fault divorce , simple as that, 
   88 in username, 
  are you nationalist ? 
  because then i have [ something ] ( http://sheddingoftheego.com/2015/09/02/white-nationalist-mgtow-regurgitates-red-pill/ ) for you to read ... 
  not our problem . 
  what you want is in r/theredpill not here, 
  \\  uttered by you, 
  both imho, 
  you need to disguise yourself in the blue pill world to survive ( law 38 ), 
  kek, 
   or i could get arrested and sent to guantonimo bay for disrupting the cuntocracy * . 
  more like beaten to a pulp by white knights ... 
  if you really want to do this , just start putting out qr codes that point to http://lmgtfy.com/?q=mgtow and watch the shitstorm . 
  no need for name calling or butthurt , lots of far righters use 88 in their usernames ... 
  nope , mgtow is about self-preservation in a misandric society , and you go from there wherever you want to . 
  that means no sex with women at all at some parts of the world ( false rape accusations are almost impossible to prove at such places ) . 
  others might be too lazy to chase women , fed up with their bs or are content with masturbation only ( sex is overrated ) . 
  just like the rest of them . 
  because of the female in-group preference . 
   what is the point of mgtow if you do n't do anything about women like this ? 
  exactly that . 
  you ca n't fix the system nor you can fix nature , so you can just avoid it . 
  i never said it was mandatory under the label , but it 's a pretty good idea if you happen to live in the anglosphere or scandinavia ( i luckily do n't ) . 
  and now they have that sjw moot ( ex-4chan ) working for them ... 
  fuck off sjw scum, 
  it does n't phase me anymore, 
  why would it be pessimistic ? 
  it sets you free if anything . 
  why do n't you guys use the automoderator ? 
  for one , you could filter bluepill/srs trolls ( false positives can usually appeal that manually ) and clickbait/feminist sites ( asking the user to use archive.is instead ), 
  i must be missing something then cause i ca n't see it in the mod list, 
  white nationalists do this all the time as well while being scared shitless of being outbred by non-shites, 
  that site is full of gold . 
   not my blog, 
  not buying it . 
  you 're spamming new posts from it in a couple of subs instead of posting in 1-2 relevant ones . 
  just like u / red_pill_nation ( blog owner , probably you ) did before getting shadowbanned . 
  just stop spamming , bro . 
  i think you 're missing the point . 
  they give out shitty advice because if you were alpha you 'd `` just get it '' . 
  by asking for dating advice you 're signalling that you 're beta at best ( or even omega ) , so they 'll put you on that path . 
  c : you can stop playing altogether . 
  spamming is quantity-based , not quality ... 
  '' [ if it smells like chicken you 're holding it wrong . 
  i 'm calling bs . 
  if you get the cat as a kitten you can still shape its personality , much unlike women . 
  and if you do n't , just choose a cat with a good personality , they ca n't really lie about themselves . 
   wwmd = what would mgtow do ? 
  i like the idea . 
   who would mgtow endorse ? 
  collectively ? 
  no one , because we are n't a collective like feminists . 
  apart from that , i could n't even vote cause i 'm not american , but i support trump as he seems the best option by far . 
   romania, 
  you should stop doing drugs , bro . 
  maybe then you would have a sense of humor ... 
  dafuq did i just read, 
  our high school class master was ( maybe still is ) a full blown feminist . 
  always putting us guys down and worshiping the girls , short haired , getting offended by everything , she even divorce raped her ex-husband ( the headmaster at the time ) and probably poisons her daughter 's mind constantly . 
  and people still wo n't get why we left them behind ... 
  he 'll still leave richer and that 's all that matters to a politician ... 
  probably censored as fuck, 
  our countries have been enemies since both exist ... 
  what a low quality post ( maybe good enough for tumb1r ) ... are blue pillers really this unimaginative ? 
   i did n't know i 'd gotten such damaged goods until i 'd been married for six months, 
  and this is where `` it 's your fault because did n't filter her properly '' goes into the trash ... 
  tradcons btfo, 
  white nationalists btfo, 
  feminists btfo, 
  anti-feminists btfo, 
   what society has turned the average woman into, 
  you 've got this one backwards, 
  \\  has all the reasons to go mgtow, 
  \\  still bluepill and complaining about * muh sexism *, 
  the fuck are you still doing here then ? 
  keep dreaming on about the sweet innocent womyn all you want , because you wo n't find one . 
  you might find one that acts like that for a while , but then you just found a female chameleon and those always have some type of cluster b disorder , most likely bpd which is more dangerous than psychopathy ( or the others ) because while both are manipulative to the core and can be fatal bpds are completely unpredictable , even to themselves . 
   and if you 're oh so offended - then you should n't be on the fucking internet, 
  oh the irony, 
  society did n't ruin women , women ruined society, 
  i 'm gon na ask it again : what the fuck are you even doing here ? 
  you basically agree with us , yet still clinging to the blue pill ideals and throwing shaming language around to convince yourself and others about a child 's dream . 
   i have met a few of very respectful , proud and independent woman in my life . 
  everyone can meet a statistical error , does that mean that you have to dig for gold in a minefield without a metal detector ? 
  also , how do you know it 's not just a facade ? 
  especially if they 're in predatory mode for a man to entrap and divorce rape later . 
  do you really want to understand ? 
  read the predatory female and the manipulated man , two great books about female nature . 
  or keep your eyes closed and start praying for your luck ... 
  you mean cultural marxism ? 
  tell us something new . 
   is this what happens in marriage , too ? 
  yes . 
  most guys here who hate women have very good reasons to do so . 
  even you do , but you 're still not ready to face it . 
  even if you have n't made up your mind already i can say no more to make you see the ugly truth , it 's up to you now . 
   not defending her behavior, 
  yes you are, 
  the vast majority ?
