  come on !, 
  what 's your definition of chubby ? 
  yeah , and he looked like a kid shamed by his parents . 
  to make matters worse , he also posted a video after the incident full of hamstering . 
  totally cringeworthy if you ask me . 
  i know , national tv and shit but still , he went in completely unprepared . 
  thanks . 
  thicker than my tastes ( which lies between her and the protein world girl ) but hipster glasses are a huge plus . 
  could n't agree more about mras . 
  i sometimes check a local mr site ( kinda inspired by avfm , even the name ) which makes an excellent job at showing the evil side of feminism . 
  however , recently some guys started posting pua and trp stuff and while some members welcomed the new themes some outright rejected it as bullshit . 
  sometimes it 's good to read , at others it 's a cringe fest . 
  wikipedia [ says ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/learned_optimism ) what i was about to type . 
  tl ; dr : learned helplessness and depression depend on inner explanation style ( how you process things ) : permanence ( time ) , pervasiveness ( areas of life ) and personalization ( blaming self or others ) . 
  the book also teaches basic cognitive therapy which is used to treat depression . 
  very much recommended . 
  lol 'd at the last line , but you 're right otherwise . 
  also reminds me of how my siblings hated him and the whole series with passion ( being fans of the original series and ds9 ) , but they just did n't understand how deep tng actually is . 
  might start a re-watch after the semester is over . 
  hahaha , you 're so funny . 
  the only guys who want dominant women are betas and lower , not us . 
  career women are disgusting as far as personality goes , and without personality your type is only good for ons , nothing more . 
  we have no need for a rival at home , we need companions and your type ca n't do that . 
  feminism has ruined you and a lot of women , and you 'll realize soon that you 'll have to settle for a beta because you 've fucked up your life . 
  have fun digesting the red pill . 
  it 's not just about choices , it 's about security . 
  my parents lived through a communist era ( eastern side of the iron curtain ) and they ( and their generation as a whole ) always miss the security communism provided . 
  almost everyone had a job , even if they did n't do anything , you had your place in society , the path to walk in life . 
  sure , lots of people were poor , but here a lot of people are even poorer since the communism fell . 
  oligarchs , politicians and foreigners have accumulated most of the wealth . 
  yes , looks are important . 
  no , facial aesthetics are not the only component of looks . 
  / thread, 
  of course she 's down with your rules because you have n't married her yet . 
  i can guarantee you she 'll go bitch mode when you marry her . 
  tl ; dr do n't get married, 
  and prenups do n't mean shit if the woman 's lawyer is good enough or there are kids involved . 
  and a lot of prenups are thrown out in court . 
  if she can play the `` i was coerced into signing this '' card or any other variant you 're fucked . 
  you most definitely ca n't state anything related to children in the prenup , and child support has a priority over anything else . 
  they can also go the `` i was coerced into signing the prenup '' or `` it 's misunderstandable '' route . 
  do n't shit where you eat , it 's not worth it , there 're dozens of girls anywhere else . 
  i do n't think he was dt . 
  he was simply an incel omega who did n't understand shit of the world ( bp ) and went on a killing spree . 
  that , if he even existed . 
  some people have pointed out how his videos and all the evidence presented by the police are full bs . 
  some cite gun laws , others think it 's the feminists ' work to push an agenda . 
  we 'll never know . 
  once i was shown the blog of a radfem where i saw it first hand what feminists are actually up to , how much they hate men ( yeah , pretty blue pill ) . 
  that pushed me into a crisis of sorts and i was on my own , so i started to search for the other side if it even existed . 
  found a local `` copycat '' of avfm , then them , and later found the sub too . 
  when i arrived here i already started seeing w / red lens . 
  i had a smartphone once but since it did n't accept my sim card i used it only as a micro tablet . 
  sometimes checking sg on the net , music , reading pdfs ... 
  i still hated it . 
  my primary concern is privacy , and i 'm not fond of the fact that google can follow my location real-time if they want to . 
  i only opened facebook in the browser a few times and only when it was necessary . 
  so when someone tells me to get one i only answer * what for ? 
  * i do n't need that shit in my life . 
  and that 's why you separate your professional life and the other aspects into multiple accounts and zero connection between them . 
  that way the firms wo n't find your online stuff , nor will any snooping people find your job-related stuff . 
  can you guys suggest a ** cheap ** alternative of bread ? 
  all i 'm seeing over paleo and keto sites are recipes that cost way more than bread , and being a student w / a part time job does n't really allow spending that much . 
  almonds and stuff like that is expensive as fuck around here . 
  most alternatives i see are almost exclusively almond-based . 
  i 'm leaning towards paleo actually . 
  it 's already much healthier than my current diet but not as radical as keto . 
  my first step before switching to paleo is breaking my sugar addiction ( funny because i only drink sweet stuff ( lots of sweet tea since i was a kid ) but i do n't like most sweet food ) then gradually changing my diet . 
  i 've already started to increase meat intake and trying some salads my ltr makes . 
  i prefer [ this ] ( http://www.returnofkings.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/pictorialscale.jpg ) scale to yours . 
  more detailed , better definitions , lots of examples , even the criteria are more objective . 
  there are different versions floating around , this is which i most agree with ( and top result on google ) . 
  yeah , it 's called / r/theredpill, 
  joke aside , i 've never checked . 
  dress well , be muscular and take care of your hygenie . 
  from that point , you 're gon na concentrate on game anyway . 
  tumblrinaction and kotakuinaction . 
  i do n't visit the former because the tumblrist writing `` style '' pisses me off ( even if sarcastic ) , the latter is a pro-gamergate sub . 
  i 'd also recommend the swedenyes sub as it makes fun of multiculturalism while posting a lot of news and politics . 
  for europeans the sub named european ( not europe ) is also recommended as its main concern is free speech . 
  i can give you examples when it would actually burst like that . 
  anything that harms a society to a big enough extent . 
  a few nukes across the usa would make it collapse instantly , just like a serious plague or a global natural disaster . 
  anything that would take away the comfort of the first world from your people . 
  feminists would die out in no time along with their white knights because they lack survival skills . 
  if the plan of russia and china about removing usd from their biggest transactions succeeds ( they want to use gold instead of a `` fake currency '' ) , the usa will be in a huge trouble . 
  of course they wo n't , they need a visible enemy to push their agenda . 
  there 's no need to code something from scratch as reddit code is open-source ( see on [ github ] ( https://github.com/reddit/ ) ) , just installed somewhere and trp subs migrated there . 
  anita sarkeesian ( not anna lol ) is visibly post-wall but has still some going for her looks-wise . 
  i 'm just laughing as she rips sjws off while doing close to nothing . 
  [ quinn ] ( https://c2.staticflickr.com/8/7156/6647221131_c60e83d291_z.jpg ) needs to lose a lot of weight , and it girls are not worth any effort anyway . 
  same entitlement as the hot sluts , only far less attractive . 
  maybe someone taught them to ... / s, 
  ( edit : denoting sarcasm ), 
  i 'd add another one : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/argument_from_fallacy, 
  indeed , but many fall into this trap . 
  if there 's a local variant of rspca they should also be notified . 
  cat ladies make their pets live in shitty conditions simply because they 're inadequate and ca n't take care of them properly . 
  you can limit all your post via settings  privacy  limit past posts . 
  just wait until our * overlords * at brussels make that mandatory .
