  reminds me of another joke ( because this ca n't not be a blonde joke originally and these cunts are n't ) :, 
  \\ - what do you call it when a blonde dyes her hair ? 
  \\ - artificial intelligence . 
  unless he knocked her up accidentally ... 
  i 'm actually surprised that the independent managed to write something other than leftist bullshit . 
  better late than never, 
  it 's funny how it 's always the same cuck linking from here, 
  leftist faggots have almost zero support here and non-chosen tyrants would be murdered instantly . 
  to them it 's only democratic if they 're in power . 
  orwell is rolling in his grave . 
  take your son and leave , in a legal way of course . 
  that 's why i wrote * directly * . 
  jidf is strong on this thread ... 
  it might be the wrong word ( not my native language you see ) or wrongly used , but i think we mostly agree . 
  by directly i meant that they do n't go through what pua would bes do ( online stuff , trainings , seminars ) . 
  * yo dawg i herd u liek censorship ... *, 
  i was looking at age distribution diagrams and you know what i found ? 
  most of the times there are n't more women than men . 
  if there are , those are way out of dating age ( over 50 ) . 
  so if you do n't count over 50 you 'll probably get male surplus everywhere . 
  my whole life was a lie . 
  lol, 
  let 's start by making all forms of cultural marxism ( e.g. 
  feminism ) illegal and reverse the damage in the next generation , then we 'll talk . 
  you 're painting a big ass bullseye on yourself . 
  why do n't ** you ** post something you 'd like to see here ( and is related to mgtow ) ? 
  lol what, 
  except if a woman cries in public about misogyny and he gets his ass handed to him ... and it 's not even the worst possible scenario ( think false rape accusations ), 
  it 's funny how `` far-right '' chicks are much hotter in average than your average leftist woman . 
  a benevolent monarch ( or dictator ) can do much better than a democratic lead , it 's just rare . 
  coontown was banned because they started messing with the imgur staff and if they were n't banned imgur would probably have sued reddit for defamation or some shit . 
  sjws are loud but money is far louder . 
  coontown messed with the imgur staff who would have sued if coontown was n't banned . 
  want something funnier ? 
  this sjw called back the troops from fighting isis , who actually do oppress women ... 
  oligocracy ... 
  i never said they ca n't . 
  also , what does democracy matter when you can only choose the same elite hiding behind different parties ? 
  ( usa ), 
  that would have sent a very bad message about reddit ... this way even the sjws had their way . 
  not only pictures , do n't worry . 
  anecdotal evidence , but every cutie i 've seen was either right-wing/far-right oriented or did n't care about politics at all . 
  the average leftist woman is mediocre at best , though ( and we have n't even talked about feminists yet ) . 
  infowars is well known for spreading disinformation , be careful . 
  imho the only way to have a kid as a mgtow is through surrogacy . 
  iceland is still cucked, 
  i love this one . 
  i 've also posted this 2 hours ago, 
  a few defenses i can think about :, 
  - young but already has children, 
  - the eggs are n't hers so she is n't the biological mother ( laws should be checked where this is even legal ), 
  - she 's broke as fuck ( and not a welfare queen ), 
  thanks !, 
  i want to reflect on this experience a bit , and later challenge myself in other ways . 
  \\ #triggered, 
  anyone interested in the migrant crisis should come over to the sub `` european '' as it 's honest about the thing , unlike the sjw shithole `` europe '' sub . 
  but ... but ... muh gipsies !, 
  if the usa wants to save face they 'll kick turkey out of nato and `` give '' it to russia . 
  kurdistan will probably be established , dividing the middle east to even more parts . 
  1 . rape laws are always written in a way that women ca n't legally rape men with their vaginae, 
  2 . us men do n't have human rights when they 're against women , did n't you know that ? 
  the whole middle east should be just nuked, 
  true , but that does n't equal saying `` i 'm of mgtow '' . 
  lots of people actually equate mgtow to feminazism , just from the opposite direction . 
  they 're wrong but that does n't matter , the damage they can cause is what matters . 
  the kid who publicly outed himself as one of us has also come under fire . 
  wow, 
  such new account, 
  many banned, 
  much sjw, 
  bazmeg ... 
  they should start raping immigrants so they know how it feels to our women ... 
  wikipedia even considers that an anti-semitic conspiracy theory . 
  no , i 'm not kidding . 
  that joke is probably older than the usa itself . 
  too bad a woman ca n't legally rape a man using her vagina/ass/mouth , only with a tool . 
  i think you 'd be better off at / pol / or r/european with this . 
  you wo n't be successful at trying to shame us , you 'll just drive us further away . 
  want a practical advice ? 
  you might wan na spread feminism among immigrants too , so in turn lots of them become mgtow as well . 
  they might anyway when they realize how worthless and backstabbing women are ... 
   steady gfe sex, 
  that 's not how it works ... 
  nawalt is like a unicorn : it 's so rare it does n't exist . 
  she just has n't shown her true colors yet . 
  i 'm not planning to get a car anytime soon as i do n't need it ( and i ca n't even drive : guess who does n't have to remain sober when out with friends ) , public transport is adequate and relatively cheap . 
  crying about sexist video games as usual ... 
  too bad , finland was my last hope for a cold place . 
  ask israel , i heard they have a bit of experience ... 
  if you 're looking for friends you 'd be better off with guys , as intergender friendships do n't really work ( because of different expectations ) . 
  i still think the holocaust was actually a false flag to raise jews above criticism . 
  then you should find a few friends who like this topic and distance yourself a bit from toxic elements . 
  would you bring that up if you did n't care ? 
  what if you 're just in denial ? 
  because that 's a lot of rationalization on your part . 
   anti-semitism, 
  today 's jews have [ nothing semitic ] ( https://biblicisminstitute.wordpress.com/judaica/the-ashkenazim/ ) about them except their stolen religion ... 
  maybe you should n't automatically go for the victim card when jews are in a negative light and people would take you seriously and answer your questions . 
  meh , try harder cucks, 
  it 's a `` what if '' scenario , and it makes too much sense to be just discarded .
