  they can get unbanned manually , just by messaging the mods and giving proof , no ? 
  i think most sjws posting here are brigading or just useless trolls , the amount of false positives is insignificant . 
  such feminazi bias, 
  wow, 
  at least commenters put `` him '' in his place . 
  no they wo n't because that 'd be illegal . 
   you would n't be saying this if, 
  yes , i would . 
  i 'm not a crybaby whose emotional well-being depends on random websites ' moderators ' decisions . 
  if only those were gypsies going to abortions ... 
  this time we wo n't be so stupid and wo n't be fooled again . 
  too bad the same ca n't be told about the rest of the eu . 
  i like sleeping alone , it 's even more comfortable . 
  trp is useful to discover awalt to a better extent , and game tips can be also used in a non-sexual way . 
  take what you need and do n't give a shit about the rest . 
  it was feminism that ruined the [ roman empire ] ( https://heartiste.wordpress.com/2010/12/27/feminism-responsible-for-the-fall-of-rome/ ) . 
  you still have hope ? 
  start reading all stuff on the sidebar of this sub and trp . 
  let 's see if you 'll still think the same way when you finished . 
  i think most of us would be satisfied with a small flat consisting of a living - / bedroom + bathroom + kitchen . 
  the ideal bed is different for everyone but it should be close to it , as you spend approx a third of your life in it . 
  oh , and if you 're renting instead of buying your own , i suggest trying to find a place with furniture , far less stuff to move . 
  i know something much cheaper than drip machines , the [ moka pot ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moka_pot ) , you should try one if you have n't already . 
  i personally use instant coffee because i can stomach it better . 
  i find cars to be close to useless , because public transport here is adequate , while my hometown is small enough for biking around . 
  planning on getting another bike to my current place to increase the amount of exercise . 
  indeed , but i think that does n't really work in bigger cities because of the price of a bigger house . 
  sure , rent money adds up in the long run , but until then , getting your own stuff ( home and furniture ) might be expensive enough to delay ( loans are n't that popular here since the last recession ) . 
  it is if frugality or price is an issue . 
  it 's also pretty easy and nostalgic . 
  living in central europe certainly has its advantages . 
  that also might explain to you why i 'm more cheapness oriented . 
  i also check both subs from time to time . 
  imo there 're 3 main categories regarding the subs : stoicists , redpillers and those who are both to varying extent . 
  from that point of view , i do n't see the need for male stoicists to differentiate between the sexes in any way , be it positive or negative . 
  i agree . 
  i simply tried to bring in short term vs long term , and the ( in ) ability to buy more expensive stuff ( still in college ) . 
  also , circumstances might change , opening or closing possibilities . 
  and yep , i was thinking about mid-term future ( 5-10 years ) and not a longer time interval , especially as the world can change radically in a few months ( think of the current migrant crisis or a more and more probable war , both have shifted my priorities to an extent ) . 
  shut it down !, 
  if you do n't want to give up this lifestyle ... 
  then do n't . 
  mgtow awaits you . 
  i do n't think he 's a shill , just a white knight who 's an useful idiot . 
  reminds me of onision who has been divorce raped but still is deep blue pill . 
  i only know about him because of a tl ; dr video . 
  love or oneitis ( as it 's called here in the manosphere ) is a biological drive to have children with a suitable mate . 
  this knowledge alone should help . 
  you should also observe the process ( your emotions ) , learn to control it . 
  it will take time . 
  that 's indeed a possibility . 
  kinda like how bacteria are becoming immune to various treatments . 
  it 's funny how huge corps tried to ruin nature , but in the end , nature via evolution will ruin them instead . 
  you should talk to him about this , and if it 's fruitless , just break up , it 'll be still less painful than a marriage like this . 
  this documentary is awesome and it should be linked in the sidebar or something . 
  mass immigration to the eu has already shown the weakness of the leftist ideology , and people are starting to wake up . 
  the best way to defeat leftist idiocy ? 
  ** reality . 
  she 's attractive * despite * having a high n count , not * because of * . 
  if feminism succeeds in the western world they 'll just create a power vacuum which will be filled by something much more patriarchal : ** sharia law ** . 
  they 'll cry their current life back but it 'll be way too late for regrets ... 
  to me `` smart borders '' would mean automatic defense systems e.g. 
  turrets with movement sensors , surveillance drones etc. 
  laci green is stupid as hell , even among feminists . 
  too lazy to link now , but a few debunkers :, 
  - feminism lol, 
   all rapists should be punished equally , regardless of race . 
  race , gender , sexual orientation ... hell , why ca n't all rapists be treated the same ? 
  fair trial , and if found guilty based on actual evidence i have no problem locking them up for a very long time ( life sentence ), 
  i wo n't even go for masters degree because that 's a waste of time . 
  bsc degree pays more than enough . 
  just tell me one thing : do they have connections to the open society foundations ? 
  you do n't have to explain yourself , we appreciate your work . 
  start recording evidence of abuse , it 'll come handy when you divorce her , take the child and ask for a restraining order . 
  at best she 's `` just '' a manipulative asshole , at worst you were unlucky enough to marry a psycho . 
  i 'll probably be downvoted but probably for money . 
  bazmeg :d, 
  bitter women , reasons may vary , but mostly dissatisfied with their lives, 
   real feminism vs. fake feminism is a bit hyperbolic, 
  no true scotsman, 
   media attempts to hide his race, 
  pc media has been doing this for decades . 
  if you wan na do something about that , start with boycotting them , and later grow into a gamergate-like action . 
  any uninhabited island, 
   for what ? 
  marriage ? 
  there 's no such thing as good material for marriage !, 
  you can if you use archive.is, 
   we 're allowed to question it, 
  not in some european countries ... 
  this has been going on since 2008 , what you said just made things even worse, 
  alfahir.hu keeps bringing the migrant news every day, 
  yeah , that 's why the rest of the v4 is sending cops to help, 
  ( actually it 's a 2nd world shithole ) yeah , we are , like most post-soviet countries . 
  we are lucky we never got the euro because it 'd be us agonizing in impossible debt , not greece . 
  i 've always known we 're not stupid ... 
   concerned, 
  such sjw language , wow . 
  srsly , fuck these guys . 
   red talks,
