  this post by u/undead _ keyboard is what i always link when someone throws the `` not all feminists are like that '' line : [ dear moderate feminists : you do n't exist ] ( https://redd.it/3744qo ), 
  i tried to request a password reset but i never got the mail ( not even in my spam folder ) . 
  i still check it occasionally . 
   if that were actually the case , we would n't need articles like this trying to convince people as much . 
  / thread, 
   if you are hiring only men , you are almost committing a crime against your business . 
  that 's true because feminazis will sue the shit out of you . 
  great , another tradcuck troll ... see you in a few years when you 're divorce raped ... 
  why the fuck ca n't people use archive.is so we wo n't give traffic to shitty sites like this ? 
  well , you 've been warned . 
  do n't blame us when you lose everything in divorce , which will happen eventually ( divorce = cash and prizes for women ) and by the time that happens you 've been alienated by your `` lovely '' wife as a revenge for her `` lost time '' ... read * the manipulated man * and * predatory female * ( sidebar ) ... or you can close your eyes and pray to whatever deity so you wo n't be ruined ... 
  you really think it matters ? 
  really ? 
   i make really good money , and would make more . 
  when it comes to alimony and child support , there 's no such thing as good money ... actually , the more you make the bigger you 'll fall . 
   money seems to be the only thing that gets brought up, 
  then lurk more because most guys would agree that personal freedom is far more important than money ... there 's a reason why married men are not `` allowed '', 
  that shit gets thrown out in court all the time , and kids automatically invalidate it most of the time . 
  even if not , she can still claim you forced her to sign ... or the false rape/dv/molestation accusations for which she 'll suffer no consequences . 
  i hope you wo n't get divorce raped , but then again , it 's likely that you will . 
  if that bothers you , start improving yourself ( trp will help ) , because sympathy wo n't help . 
  apart from that , fuck what others think . 
  of course we seem hateful when you can only hear good things about women elsewhere , when even the female predator who rapes her own son is portrayed as a victim of the `` patriarchy '' ... 
  also , thinking our life revolves only around this is stupid . 
  we talk and do many other things , just not here . 
  those things are acceptable irl or other groups . 
  i 'd recommend messenger rising as well if one leans to the `` monk '' side of mgtow . 
  and of course if you want entertainment it 's the mayor of mgtown or top dollar mgtow gangster who you should look up . 
  mgtow is n't knowing female nature and avoiding legal shit with them only , it 's a journey in life the way you want it . 
  fuck , wrong thread . 
  :d and i do n't even remember where i wanted to post it . 
  it 's funny because 10s are so rare i 've only seen one in my whole life , and the capital has the best stock . 
  there 's nothing wrong with trp theory , just do n't use every info if you do n't want to . 
   feminists telling women that mens standards are unrealistic, 
  of course they are , who would fuck a crazy landwhale ? 
  ( apart from male feminists like manboobz ofc ), 
  pl/sql is a crime against humanity , though . 
   off now to watch deadpool on a massive imax screen, 
  i 'm still yet to watch it * in cinema * ... 
  the butthurt is strong in this one ... 
  i 'd convert one of the rooms to a personal gym , and another one into a home theater sort of thing . 
  go white knight somewhere else you fucking cuck, 
  because he 's a kissless virgin who runs to white knight any female on the internet for female approval ( because he wo n't get anything else and he knows it ), 
   diversity is implemented in the workplace so that the company can generate some off the cuff ideas, 
  or they do so because they 're scared of discrimination lawsuits ... 
  or twatter, 
  i used to be angry about this but when i learned what male tears [ actually ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=male+tears ) means ... 
  i can only laugh at them now . 
  that works only if you can tolerate other people living with you ... 
  only if you do n't train them properly, 
  get two dogs then . 
  they 'll both love you and have fun with each other while you work . 
  i could do it like this but sadly that 's rare in my personal experience . 
  hungarian, 
  such concerned wow, 
  you can read its origins on r/csehszlovakze , 
  lol did you just manage to write a post that violates all rules ? 
   this myth of mgtow being haters needs to go away . 
  mgtow is not about being acceptable by the blue pill world , it 's about the well-being of the individual . 
  also , this sub is for mostly for new guys who are frustrated to hell because of society . 
  how the hell are you to tell them to shut up ? 
  would you prefer if they had to hold it all in and kill either themselves or others ? 
  fuck you . 
  when ai comes to that level it wo n't need us anymore and will see us as a threat ... 
  you 're not bitter , you 're depressed . 
  i wo n't simply say `` get help '' because that 's dismissive as fuck , but you indeed need to do something about it . 
  as of other practical solutions , i can give you two tips that will probably earn me infinite downvotes :, 
  1 . have your testosterone checked , and you might need steroids to bulk more, 
  2 . go for the ugly/shy girls who are invisible to most guys . 
  might not be what you wish for but it can be better than nothing and go from there . 
  because, 
  1 . they can get away with it, 
  2 . there 'll always be a handful of nice guys do their bidding, 
  at least it was n't ` rm - rf / ` on an uefi machine ... 
  i 'd too if she was n't a crazy feminazi ... 
  3crazy5me ... too bad because she perfectly fits my type ( a solid 9 for me ), 
  but this should be a lesson for everyone : ** cute looks can be deceiving and hide your worst nightmare underneath **, 
   that scratch on the dishwasher ... that is our kitchen, 
   hey honey you got ta ... 
  and then he realizes who he 's seeing in the video ... 
  sure , they wo n't date them , they 'll just fuck them on the side, 
   become, 
  more like they stop acting because they have what they wanted ... 
   fathers are only really needed for conception, 
  good , i hate children , especially the smaller ( and louder ) ones . 
  nope . 
  the very simple reason for this is gay marriage being unconstitutional here ( hungary ) . 
  our government also knows that penalizing bachelorhood wo n't work , so they are working on the opposite . 
  tax breaks and financial support after every child are already in place , the new thing is supporting having a new home . 
  if a married couple has ( or plans to have ) 3 children , they 're entitled to $ 35k ( 10m huf ) as a gift and another $ 35k as a loan to build a new house . 
  i do n't see them fixing what feminism has `` ruined '' ( brought out in the open ) , though . 
  afaicr the new testament says you should only marry if you ca n't control your sexual urges but otherwise just stay single and save yourself the headache ... 
  i prefer this to having to raise children actually ... 
  too lazy to copy-paste so just read my comment in [ another thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mgtow/comments/480m25/benefits_of_marriage_would_you_marry_another/d0gseil ), 
  we had communism for decades a quarter century ago and this is nothing compared to that . 
  joe turns 18 and gets some money so a prostitute can take his virginity . 
  however , before leaving his paternal grandmother stops him :, 
  \\ - joe , you really should n't go out in a cold like this . 
  besides , for this money i can provide the same . 
  so they go in his room , have sex and joe leaves with a huge grin on his face , when his dad storms and shouts :,
