  yeah , gorgeous , but awalt is as true as anywhere else . 
  no problem . 
  the thirstiest would think that they 're fine with aids because no other woman would ever want them anyway, 
   how to stop a mgtow voice, 
  is he really a mgtow voice ? 
  because judging from his tone he 's a tfl-er indulging in revenge fantasies and harming ** us ** . 
  no , not in the `` internet fame '' kind of way , but how 'll guys find us in their dire need if this faggot chases them away ? 
  maybe that 's his end goal . 
  i do n't give a fuck about the image of mgtow in the sense that i do n't profit from it . 
  i do care about the image of mgtow because of the men that need our help and will be chased away by this retard . 
  he 's not even a redditor as far as i know . 
   yes but if they got scared away just because they heard that some guy who is mgtow got ridiculed because of his stupidity that means they were n't mgtow to begin with . 
  i 'll show an extreme example to prove my point . 
  do you know ( not personally ) messenger rising and traversable mgtow ? 
  they 're hardcore anti-pedos to the point they once got a pedo mgtow behind bars ( as anyone else should , pedos are cancer ) and are fighting against them because if we ever got stigmatized as a pedo ring we 're done . 
  that 's the moment the sjws will alert all police worldwide and anyone even remotely related to mgtow will be behind bars and his life ruined . 
  now imagine a similar stigma that 'll scare away all men who need us . 
   besides if i may ask how did you become mgtow ? 
  because the way i see it the people that are becoming members of this way of thinking are already on the path, 
  yeah , i was , but i do n't know if we 're the majority, 
   and just need a little bit of push in order to ` convert ' . 
  like divorce rape ? 
  if i donated i 'd buy the pet food myself and give it to the shelter so i know it actually goes to them and not some crazy post wall female 's wallet , because she can easily find a simp wanting to finance her whole life for a fake smile now and then . 
  get some cash and move to a non-extradition country , then start over there . 
  let 's do the first two on the whole planet and we 've solved overpopulation, 
  finland has n't been the same since micro $ oft bought most of nokia and killed it . 
  we 'll also see people rising up against the elite only to be killed off by their mercenaries, 
  and here it 's a big enough stigma to get you fired , despite it being legal, 
  he might not have a choice ... 
  silence is never awkward for me , others forcing the conversation is . 
   a man ~ ~ needs ~ ~ wants kids for genetic succession . 
  while it 's an instinct , it 's not a need , because you wo n't die because you did n't procreate . 
  lack of water/food/shelter will kill you , that 's why those are needs . 
  otherwise i agree . 
   why has it been allowed to continue and grow out of control ? 
  because `` the godesses '' want it that way https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tg9pfsydv_a, 
   perhaps this question belongs more in the reddit/philosophy group ... 
  lol you 'd get banned in a minute, 
   a response to this by males has been to either go pua and mgtow ( or both ) ... 
  that 's because you ca n't change the system in a democratic way, 
   why have those people at the top of society ( whoever they are ) allowed this to happen ? 
  what can they do about it ? 
  and if you 're talking about corporations , that 's because they love having a bigger pool of potential workers , because that decreases salary hard , no wonder women are forcibly pushed into stem where the salaries are still high, 
   so who wants our current society to fail ? 
  our enemies ? 
  but that does n't matter , no society lasts forever, 
  also read upon the mouse utopia experiment if you have n't already . 
  that 's happening in the first world and japan seems to have started earlier so they 'll die out earlier as well . 
  that 's also called sex, 
  they 're trying to normalize pedophilia since p1zz4g4t3 became public knowledge, 
  unless they shave regularly :p, 
  dat `` double '' post, 
   all this shaming bs, 
  go back go trp, 
  14 is already legal here , and most of those who are into teens are because of neoteny ( i 'm not one of them tho ), 
   and ready to settle down, 
  lol @ that tradcon bs, 
  wow, 
  [ whaat ] ( https://memegenerator.net/instance/74766830 ), 
   if you were mgtow in 1950 , 60 , 70 ,80 ... you would lose a lot, 
  what exactly ? 
   and decides to use telepathy instead of her car horn to avert the situation, 
  top kek, 
  i always act so oblivious they give up without blaming me and/or retaliating . 
  you need to seem totally clueless for this to work , because then they wo n't see it as rejection ( like in your case ) . 
  sure , they 'll think you 're a loser , but that usually is more a blessing than a curse . 
   is it illegal to destroy your own property, 
  it is in hungary , no idea about the country you live in . 
  i always recommend selling everything you can and moving to a non-extradition country if you 're threatened with divorce rape and/or too much child support . 
   because the snake was a chad . 
  a long and thick snake , if you know what i mean, 
  title of your post = endless amounts of keks, 
  asmr triggers me ... but in a negative way ... these noises piss me off to no end, 
  i buzz and/or shave my head so it costs almost nothing ( electricity and buying new razor heads now and then ) . 
  my clothing is mostly metal-related , and since i import some shit from abroad , it costs a lot ( still worth it imho ) . 
  these two already take me off most women 's radars . 
  metalhead chicks usually do n't care because there are way more orbiters in the metal scene than they could remember , so it 's easy not to draw their attention . 
  the rest are quite easy to deal with if necessary . 
  yeah , i 've decided on going ghost eventually . 
  [ yep ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=kek ), 
   let them deal with it the way we have to . 
  too bad some of them will take revenge on you , and thanks to gynocentrism , they 'll get away with it ... so if you do n't want your career ruined by false accusations ... 
  why ? 
  same in germany and israel, 
  lol what boobs, 
  at least some female mras have good intentions because of their sons . 
  female anti-feminists ? 
  nothing more than tradcon bitches in need of excess male attention and being threatened by mgtow ... 
   hillary has ... ankle batteries, 
  fixed lol, 
  i 've posted this [ already ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mgtow/comments/5or1ow/how_the_media_reports_female_child_rapists_xpost/ ) :p, 
  _ `` black metal has nothing to do with the values of an average human and thus can not be expected to feel guilt for inequality , suffering or injustice . 
  it is for this reason that i will not take part in the demonizing of our way of life , our beliefs , or our way of expression . 
  we have been demons since the beginning of time and will always continue to be . 
  well , most , except extreme metal, 
   pay cut, 
  it 's still cheaper than marriage ... even if it costs more , because at least you 'll have peace of mind, 
  what 's more , it already exists in most places as tax brakes for married folks and families, 
  ( spez : wording ), 
  barbar admits that he used it as clickbait in the first paragraph .
