  how about the feminist/sjw infestation ? 
  do they have any political or academical power ? 
  still waiting for a forbe $ article that contains any truth and is n't sheer propaganda . 
  i wear clothes related to metal : band shirts / longsleeves , boots/trainers etc. 
  formal stuff only when it 's a must . 
  anyone being an enemy of the monks ' `` religion '' ( that in a broader sense ) . 
  to be fair , how many women have killed their husbands ? 
  time to make a simple dna scanner that can give you the actual sex of someone . 
  if feminism was any ethical we would n't have stuff like gamergate, 
  no , not the * no true scotsman * again ... 
  soon mgtow will be king in stem, 
  that kind of mona lisa was also used on the hungarian translation of [ soumission ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/submission_%28novel%29 ) . 
  white men with shitty genes should be obliged to mix with other races . 
  why ? 
  so they wo n't degrade our dna pool but will degrade others ' . 
  sort of selective eugenics but who cares ? 
  do they want to force us out of the eu ? 
  because that 's how they 're gon na force us out of the eu . 
  the more people wake up to the fact that the eu is disadvantageous the better . 
  i think you should have just made a temp account to follow those subs only . 
  swearing is the best part of a language and it has been turned into an art in eastern europe . 
  does she get wet enough ? 
  if no , why do n't you buy her some lube ? 
  these questions assuming that she is n't just lying so you wo n't go for another round , but since i 'm not a magician that can tell across the interwebs i suggest you find out yourself . 
  probably in prison for not paying impossible amounts of child support, 
  china is just more direct in their approach but the usa is just the same . 
  they 've actually tried that last year when orb\u00e1n announced taxing the internet , but after cancelling that and a few more protests ( with a bit of violence by the leftists ) the crisis was averted . 
  so the government is to stay , unless :, 
  1 . they make a fatal mistake , giving a good excuse, 
  american forces currently in the country turn on us, 
  jobbik ( currently high on anti-soviet rhetoric that might turn putin against us ) tries to seize power, 
  it 's the elite who consists of jews and non-jews, 
  probably an ex-screenwriter since ( or soon will be ), 
  not red :(, 
  it either turns into a no-money paradise like in star trek or we 'll see some pretty ugly wars soon . 
   current lesser of two evils, 
  yeah , but still evil . 
  all i hope is that the usa and russia exhaust each other far away from here and we ( europe ) manage to get rid of the muslim invasion force disguised as `` refugees '' and become independent, 
  130 years for flirting ... good thing i 'm not in military and i never reciprocate any attempts . 
  1 . physical exercise works wonders with letting off steam ( and also makes you stronger ), 
  2 . escorts are just honest about the price but all women trade sex for money in a way, 
  3 . it will pass with time and by reminding yourself of the reality of the situation, 
  4 . masturbate before/after heading out, 
   the only reasons i 've ever considered having a kid is because of the legacy . 
  you 're hamstering so the desires of your lizard brain seem logical . 
  you actually want kids because of instincts . 
  it 's not a bad thing just do n't fool yourself . 
  the only good thing about them is free food . 
  you forget one factor that 's getting more and more prominent : islam . 
  do n't know about the usa but europe is being overrun by these `` refugees '' and they wo n't assimilate , they came to conquer . 
  and while i do n't want to sound defeatist they still have a huge chance at being successful . 
  these migrants also heavily support sharia law . 
  we 'll see how this will play out in the end . 
  those bp reasonings are great excuses , though . 
  they understand that language , either believe it or just leave it there , while you do n't reveal yourself . 
  the top 1 % wo n't make it happen , they 'd even fight to avoid it so i think it goes well with my war theory, 
  \\  racist, 
  it 's funny how these simpletons ca n't even spell islamophobe, 
  even sweden yes does n't account for the sheer amount of stupidity , they can also fuck themselves in the ass with immigrant cock, 
  does n't this equal supporting terrorists ? 
  their mods should be in prison, 
  see also : https://np.reddit.com/r/collapse/comments/3ry6sv/robots_will_take_over_45_of_all_jobs_in/, 
   hungary, 
  divorce rate is 67 % here , go figure ... 
  i have a different prediction , which will be the death of western society . 
  just think how the roman empire and sparta rot slowly and was defeated by others . 
  gypsies will retire at 15 ... 
  i do n't think university should be the final goal , extend it to any workable degree and we 're closer to a solution, 
  so many logical fallacies in your comment ... but really , just read the book and consider what 's actually stated, 
  lynching ... 
  comments are full of mgtow wisdom and a few sexist jokes . 
  going directly pua/game is a bad idea as more and more women just see right through it . 
  if you wan na go for chicks trp makes more sense than vanilla pua and pua camps are nothing more than scam . 
  brigading is strong on this post ... 
  by your name i guess you 're from australia , where prostitutes are as legal as it gets . 
  if you 've got the money , they should be preferred as they even leave you alone afterwards and are much cleaner than party sluts that do n't know when to get off the cock carousel ( and do everything w/o protection because yolo ) . 
  too bad fidesz will be a bit late with the fence as always so they can score a bit more at the next election . 
  so far it was so successful they gained most their voters back that parted ways last year because of corruption , internet tax proposal , mandatory shop closing ( every sunday ) , outrageous government-affiliated shops ( especially cba ) etc. 
  and of course they have to divert attention from privatizing domestic soil and ttip . 
  meanwhile jobbik has increased their anti-soviet rhetoric that will turn putin away which equals to no gas and american hegemony . 
  sure , they give great ideas to the government about affairs , but all parties in opposition do this all the time , and they somehow `` forget '' their promises upon winning the election . 
  the system is rigged . 
  it 's a bit similar to the system in usa where you have the illusion of choice , but it actually does n't matter . 
  too bad these `` average '' faces look much better than the actual average woman . 
  he 's not as bad as the leftists state but he 's no saint either . 
  let 's just pair feminists with these migrants , i 'm sure they 'll change their minds soon . 
  actual alphas do n't use pua directly . 
  it 's funny because soviet and nationalism are mutually exclusive . 
  the soviet union was as globalist as the usa , just a different smokescreen . 
  if he really wanted to rise nationalism he 'd go with the russian empire . 
  true nationalists here do n't want the return of the `` hungarian people 's republic '' either . 
  i do n't have faith in any of the parties and i 'm not alone . 
  if `` none of the above '' was a party it 'd pretty much have absolute majority , maybe even a super majority . 
  jobbik seems to be a trojan horse ( too good to be true ) and the fidesz is still the lesser of all evils . 
  we 're fucked . 
   rule 1 : politics, 
  lots of puas are blue pill as fuck . 
  you can fake alphaness without any background knowledge on female nature . 
  the predatory female is indeed a goldmine . 
  sjw detected .
