  why so butthurt ? 
  `` literally '', 
  we did n't meet at work [ so ] ( https://i.warosu.org/data/tg/img/0296/12/1390141146832.jpg ) ... 
   chad thundercock is a mythical figure in my humble opinion !, 
  he 's actually the archetype of the non-rp aware alpha male . 
  when someone calls mgtow a movement and calls a more known video producer a leader is the moment when you know that they 're dishonest and only try to smear shit all over us, 
  his intelligence does n't really matter . 
  `` chad '' is a good-looking ( even hot ) male who has `` natural game '' and gets the average girl rather easily . 
  i know a few guys like that myself , they 're still are bluepilled to the core ( e.g. 
  wanting `` the one '' for settling down and starting a family with later in life ) . 
  nope , mgtow is whatever you make it to be . 
  ( besides no legal bs with women ), 
  preach your pua bullshit on trp , will ya ? 
  no one gives a shit . 
  obligatory r/hillaryforprison, 
  not angry , just cringing, 
  says the guy who shills hard for pua which is a well-known scam . 
  why else would you attack anyone who does n't hunt for chicks every week ( i saw all your instances of virgin and celibate shaming ) , and doing so you 're even hypocritical because you just pay for hookers while preaching otherwise . 
  go back to rok where you belong , slut worshipper, 
  are n't anonymous incubators a thing in the usa ? 
  a long video by messenger rising about suicide prevention and depression , definitely worth all minutes : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldfzst25ooy, 
  looks like a man lol, 
  awesomesauce !, 
  mgtow is going global , motherfuckers !, 
  imho it 's all about tribalism . 
  from the smallest up it goes like :, 
  nuclear family < extended family / neighborhood < town < nation < race, 
  your username rhymes with your comment pretty well, 
  bachelor tax is already a thing at a lot of places , because marriage and children are encouraged financially ( tax breaks , gibsmedats etc. ), 
   feminist : '' rape !!!! '', 
  archive.is please , i ca n't stand the `` independent '' and their leftist bs so no traffic for them, 
   most disturbing and telling are her eyes . 
  the eyes are flat , glassy , and empty . 
  the thousand cock stare, 
  probably both, 
  lol did you just register a new account to troll us ? 
  gtfo, 
  late blooming does happen but it 's rare, 
  any girl who was fat and acne ridden as a teen but managed to fix it later counts as one . 
  you know what awalt is ? 
  it does n't matter if she 's hot or not , cute or ugly , westerner or not , white or asian , nothing matters . 
  awalt . 
  lol he blocked me after i told him that the mrm is useless, 
  i know you 're just a stupid troll but i 'll take the bait so others do n't have to ... 
   armored skeptic did a video that looked at some of the things said by the mayor, 
  you mean the video in which he went full ad hominem ? 
   did they refute any of the things skeptic said ? 
  sure , lots have : barbar , messenger and tfm , to name a few . 
  ( look 'em up yourself , i 'm not your google-boy ), 
   instead of a well reasoned video, 
  tell me again , why reason against ad hominem ? 
   if you disagree with any particular mgtow , you 're automatically an enemy, 
  too bad that never happens, 
   movement, 
  what movement , you fucking faggot ? 
  do you even know what the word means ? 
   how dare you speak out against the hive mind . 
  oh the irony ... [ even tl ; dr is tired of your shit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7agpwcitwa ), 
  they are n't even friends kek, 
  no archive.is ; did n't read, 
  \\ #justgypsythings, 
  it 's because most of them are n't forced to develop as a person after they hit puberty and get endless male attention . 
  no , skeptic was all about * muh mommy issues * and nothing else . 
  no arguments , just shaming language . 
  no , we do n't want to kill all women, 
   he has repeatedly stated that he supports mgtow, 
  seems like he lied ... especially as he equated the mayor with all of us . 
  that video was long ago , and no , he 's nothing like your white knight cuck , he even said so in the linked video . 
  if you actually listened , he even agreed that feminism is female nature , not just political manipulation ( aka cultural marxism ), 
   shoe, 
  she did n't even care until sandman and others outed her as status seeking ( awalt ) who 's only `` dating '' him to get more attention and fame on the internet . 
  remember , her `` career '' started on 4chan as a boxxy copycat . 
  and no , the virgin shaming wo n't work either . 
  is she going to pay alimony to herself or not ? 
   \\  constantly brigading, 
   \\  bans anyone daring to say anything bad about tbpers or women, 
   kek, 
  of course the jewrusalem edition leaves out israhell ... 
  op is full of shit as always . 
   not some bp or woman sympathizer, 
  no , you 're a rp woman sympathizer , 
   can you hate a fish for wanting to swim or a bird wanting to fly ? 
  they 're just following their programming and so are women . 
  does a fish have the capacity to not be like this ? 
  a woman ? 
  hell yes , they 've done it for centuries !, 
   women would n't have agreed to the monogamous system we have in place of they did n't need shelter and protection from men, 
  1 . they did n't have any choice, 
  2 . chimps are pretty fine without `` shelter '', 
   we 're both not stupid . 
  this almost 50 year old guy does n't think that a 28 year old model just so happened to fall in love with him . 
  i also know that a multi-millionaire with all the options in the world does n't settle for `` a good personality '' . 
  g o l d d i g g e r, 
   these whores still ca n't act right, 
  they 've been already infected with feminism, 
  the actor is, 
  most downvotes came because of the watermark kek, 
  and now we know why feminists hate porn so much, 
  reminded me of a bulldozer song ( titled misogynists ) :, 
   masturbation !,
