  around him ? 
  both are the same : a nice fantasy which will never be possible , at least not in our lifetimes . 
  the difference ? 
  you 're not brainwashed to need space travel ... 
  \\  china, 
  lol fucking idiots ... china 's birthrate is low because their government forbade them from having lots of kids ... this [ one child policy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/one-child_policy ) was active for more than 3 decades , of course the birthrate wo n't bounce back in a year ... 
  i 'd probably find an old rich guy kek, 
  they should be , this is one of the last male spaces either online or irl . 
  you should post this as its own and the mods should sticky and/or sidebar it, 
  i requested a password reset there months ago but never got a reply ( and of course i ca n't register because my email is already in use ... by me ) ... fuck that place, 
  ca n't wait for that price fall, 
  awalt, 
  why not ? 
  if he was a cuck he 'd 've taken her back , even would 've married her ... 
  requiring archive.is would be better as it 'd also preserve the original post, 
  try realsexism.com, 
  david futrelle , is that you ? 
  kek, 
  way ahead of you * bro *, 
  chinese ? 
  that 's racist !, 
  it has also freed us from having to get married and to provide for bitches and their little spawns ... even feminism has its good side, 
  at least you do n't have to feign it ;-), 
  bad link , here 's the correct one : http://www.reuters.com/article/us-newyork-husband-idusn0941966120071010, 
  any amd/ati stuff i 've ever owned has overheated despite my best efforts , neither intel nor nvidia stuff do do this . 
  or so you think ... 
  seems like i found an amd shill ... 
   you mentioning ati show how out of touch with modern technology you are, 
  no , it shows that i have history with these faggots and i know all too well how shitty their stuff is ... one shitty company bought another shitty company ... big deal, 
   the most powerfull cpu on the market at half the cost of comparative intel product, 
  yep , and 4th of the quality in the product itself ... no thanks, 
   nvidia does not have overhyped or overpriced gpus ? 
  you think a $ 1200 graphics cars is not waaaay overpriced ? 
  so what ? 
  amd itself is overhyped because it should 've gone bankrupt ages ago ... only the intel/nvidia haters keep em floating ... 
   especially for those on the budget, 
  then maybe you should find a better way to finance your hobby instead of hating on the competition for its higher prices ... 
  i do n't hate on apple either , i just do n't give a fuck about them, 
   read up some tech news or watch some tech channels - they are all praising new amd gpus and bashing the latest batch of crap from intel . 
  and maybe you should read up on gamergate and realize how 99 % of journalists are nothing more than well paid shills, 
  nah torrents are way cheaper, 
  or you can get a projector and a 5.1 setup and watch it without the annoying crowd , 
  so what ? 
  at least they do n't make `` products '' that 'll overheat unless you severely underclock them or buy expensive cooling systems ... 
  and calling me an nvidia shill is just ridiculous as i do n't even have dedicated video card in my setup . 
  can i afford it ? 
  sure , but i have no need for it . 
  there are n't any hardware intensive good games anymore , not for linux anyway , and i 'd rather die than install microssoft winblows ever again . 
  r/vlc for me , 
  wall of tl ; dr. . . 
  funny how you demand scientific evidence yet you only give anecdotal ... 
  sure , amd might be innovative , but the finished product is total shit . 
  one amd dual core cpu i had was running at 70 \u00b0 c at idle with its default cooling system brand new , do you call that normal ? 
  meanwhile my current i5 runs at mere 45 \u00b0 c ( just checked it in the terminal ) . 
  also funny you mention dell because i 've avoided them for years because i was listening to guys like you for far too long ... then i bought a desktop from them and that 's the first pc i 'm actually satisfied with ... powerful enough for my needs and not too expensive either . 
  sure , i do n't have a dedicated video card in it , but i do n't even need it as i do n't play new games ( hint : they all suck and they are full of sjw shit ) nor do i make 3d renderings . 
  all i need to do now is to find a decent pcie sound card and then my setup will be complete . 
  then we agree to disagree . 
  i believe you . 
  of course i did, 
  i prefer torrenting in case the internet goes our for a day or two ( no better alternatives here sadly ), 
   getting `` pissed off '', 
  he wants to lick it off ... 
  what a cuck, 
  tfm did a great video about western fertility problems and the solution to it . 
  too lazy to search for it now but i can give a tl ; dw :, 
  \\  women waste their fertile ( 15-30 ) years with `` education '' and `` work '' while riding the cock carousel, 
  \\  third world women ( and gypsies ) on the other hand start popping out kids the moment they 're fertile , and most of them are grandmothers ( ! ), 
  at the age of 30 , while the modern woman has n't even been intentionally pregnant, 
  so if tradcucks really wanted to save their population they 'd just outlaw contraception , abortion and female education ... but all they actually do is dreaming of past times and virtue signalling ... 
  lots of chads have checked out too because they ca n't stand the crazy anymore ... 
  she 'll just scream louder and some white knights will beat you to a pulp ( or even kill you ) ... just leave . 
  \\  anti-tracking browser, 
  \\  based on chromium, 
  ahhahahahahahahahaha good one !, 
  firefox is still the best browser despite the sjws ... not like crapple , microssoft or [ goolag ] ( http://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/3693/89/1600/goolag.jpg ) are any better ideologically ... 
  prepare for the false rape allegations coming your way now that you 've outed yourself ... 
  i have n't talked to my sister for almost 5 years now , good riddance . 
  she 's a massive bitch . 
  the alt right does the same thing by calling us jewish puppets who exist to exterminate the white race via ideology ... both sides are gynocentric fucks, 
   these traditional conservatives woman , the real one not the one who pretending, 
  that 's an empty set ... awalt, 
  also fuck that tradcon shit , i 'm not willing to slave away my whole life for a rotten hole and her fucking spawns ... 
  i 'm a software developer so * of course i have no idea about these things * ( / s ), 
  all chromium forks suck , especially chrome , but even vivaldi which i occasionally use ... the whole architecture is broken . 
  sometimes yeah, 
   \\* more autistic screeching about amd 's superiority \\*, 
  i do n't really give a fuck honestly , and by your way of arguing you 'd next demand that i send the cpu over with full personal details ... 
   you personally avoiding dell does not have any impact on the whole of industry, 
  you 're missing the point . 
  it 's not about the industry , it 's about irrational fanboys like you who ca n't stand the fact that someone does n't share their preferences because they 're emotionally immature . 
   in poland , they do n't have sjw crap all over the university, 
  hahahaha even we hungarians have do deal with that shit and we 're much poorer than our polish friends ... 
   witcher 3, 
  even the first one was boring and i only played it because of the shitty hungarian dub that made me laugh my ass off ... the last good games i played are the stalker games ( modded to look better ) ... as i said , there are no good games anymore . 
  playing guitar and writing a servlet is much more fun anyway . 
  she prolly started riding the cock carousel at age 12 ... 
  society has always been gynocentric and slightly misandric , it was just hidden before, 
  lie detectors are easily tricked by psychopaths ( wymyn ), 
  stop being a doormat then,
