  3 ) yeah , not giving in to your weaknesses is so false !!!!, 
  ( yeah , that was sarcasm ), 
  4 ) faggots and feminazis have zero morals . 
  all they do is live a comfortable life , fuck till getting aids or hitting the wall , and then bitch and moan about * teh evil patriarchy * because they were too weak to resist their desires and now are beyond repair , just like children . 
  all of their assets should be taken away ( both the bank and the workers ) to actually fix the economy in europe and everyone there should get life sentence . 
  that would send a powerful message to banks not to fuck with us ever again . 
  not surprising , most politicians are like that . 
  that 's what i usually say to feminists and their white knights like you . 
  he 's just a miscaninist . 
  false . 
  had dogs befriend me and i never gave them any food . 
  ( their owners fed them properly . ), 
  because * you * say so ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  do n't forget that the nsa operates lots of exit nodes . 
  being sarcastic as a defense wo n't help you much . 
  all three of my buttholes . 
  happy ? 
  sensor-backed machine guns ftw, 
  abovetopsecret.com is a nice forum . 
  edit : wow reddit fanboys downvoting ... that site contains a lot of shit but still less than this one . 
   must be the hairstyle . 
  you just made my day . 
  `` hungarians '', 
  you should . 
  our people are a bit xenophobic , even if libtards say otherwise . 
  there 's a reason why they gained no votes whatsoever while the government did shitty things . 
  the strongest gain was in the `` neutral '' faction ( that trust no party ) , jobbik came second , but all leftist parties lost voters . 
  * cough cough cough * you guys only got it after ww1 , before that it was hungarian ( or habsburg if you look think about it ) territory . 
  trianon gave a huge blow but at least got us rid of most minorities , so we got that going for us , which is nice . 
  only if you change the year to 1349 . 
  yeah , teg ( the european guardian ) has a forum section . 
  truth and hate is the same for * some * people ... 
  tsipras is a traitor and should be treated as such . 
  https://archive.is/pcpt8 same thing , but the mods should indeed ban certain clickbait sites, 
  serious : how do these animals react to getting pee in their eyes ? 
  that site has tried to predict events but they 're wrong many times , as you can check it on archive.org and r/conspiracy . 
  a question : did the skin look more-less the same 4 years ago as it does now , or did it decrease to a degree ? 
  thanks . 
  it will disappear one day then , but hitting the gym surely will speed things up . 
  from the picture i thought that she was a he actually, 
  antifeminism is already hate speech . 
  they ca n't modify off-site archives ( so you can have proof ) . 
  all that editing needs is a database client . 
  this should be the top comment . 
  the assumption that women are as rational as men and not emotionally driven is a very dangerous one . 
  why are you so afraid how the feminazis will label you as ? 
  in their books you 're a child molester just because you have balls between your legs . 
  the perception of lack of progress and the stereotype of `` whiny weak men '' hurts far more than claims of misogyny as the majority of people still do n't take feminists seriously . 
  seriously , who the fuck downvotes everyone who asks for source of claims ? 
  troll battleground  sjw hugbox, 
  every single one of those who voted yes are traitors in my eyes . 
  none , actually , my memory cheated me . 
  there was a [ proposal ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/meetdocs/2009_2014/documents/libe/dv/11_revframework_statute_/11_revframework_statute_en.pdf ) 2 years ago , but i ca n't find anything else about it . 
  ( i also ca n't link to avfm as the domain was shadowb & by sjw admins . ), 
  r/europe had a mod that supported war crimes ( crnaruka ) but they removed them as the sub ceased to function because lots of comments demanded their removal . 
  i also hope that either he or conde nast sue them off the face of the earth . 
  i said a similar thing in the main mra sub and got downvoted to oblivion . 
  they 'll probably never learn . 
  it does to * certain * people ( e.g. 
  feminists ) ... 
  also check out the theory i wrote about the jtrig leak ( it 's in my submissions ) , might or might not be related . 
  you know what i find funny ? 
  - usa has not released any material regarding mh17, 
  - russia released a satellite photo that was deemed to be fake, 
  just my 2 cents , but in this case they are n't really enemies of each other . 
  maybe they 're waiting for the next shemitah ? 
  because both the usa and russia will become stronger by fucking up the eu hard . 
  i do find it funny how some side with either side while in reality both are our enemies . 
  someone has been too long under the influence of sjw media to be concerned about being labeled as racist ... have n't you guys learned ** anything ** ? 
  there 's a reason why the western media hates eastern / center europe with passion : we do n't fall for their propaganda that easily . 
  an ever-prevalent example : everyone ( except sjw types ) handle gypsies with disdain at best and tries to avoid them for as long as possible . 
  just ask the average polish , romanian or hungarian what they think about them ... also , even my more tolerant acquaintances dislike them . 
  and guess what !, 
  with good reason . 
  wo n't list the negative stereotypes but those are true for the majority . 
  let me add that we 're predominantly white and most of us would also like to keep it that way . 
  because disliking gypsies automatically makes you a neo nazi ... yeah , right . 
  not for long . 
  someone please provide an archive.is mirror to this , i do n't wan na give them traffic ( and money ), 
  exactly . 
  it 's like they 're playing the bad guys and the usa is playing the good ones . 
  oh yes , and ca n't do anything , otherwise the whole site will be outed as a nazi camp . 
  mixed . 
  i like the length of his videos ( i do n't have the time to watch hour-long stuff on a daily basis ) * , the way he talks about day-to-day examples that most guys can probably relate to . 
  on the other hand : he 's a paid priest ( preaching for money ) , maybe replied to me once in a comment but i 'm not sure . 
  the pics are cheesy as hell ( paying for them is even more so , there 's public domain stuff after all ) , and his voice is still weird to me ( used to murrican voices ) . 
  * i ca n't stand long videos that contain valuable information ( be it mgtow , conspiracy theories , news , you name it ) , those are much preferred in text . 
  i tend to get bored when it 's just a few ( or one ) guys talking ( no radio for me either ) . 
  ( edit : fuck markdown ), 
  in the comments a feminazi also attacked a woman that still has common sense ( `` red pill '' ) . 
  but you are n't leaving now , are you ? 
  whenever i see one like that i report it . 
  maybe the covert reason why our current government makes everyone poorer ... or they just steal whatever they can ( just like everyone before them ) . 
  fuck that sub and welcome here, 
  then you 'll fight the [ fake shit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2nkjnvwuau ) of mossad/cia . 
  the whole point of `` isis '' is weakening europe so it wo n't have any other choice but join ttip and be slaves of multinational corporations forever . 
  [ no ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2nkjnvwuau ), 
  in the `` communist '' europe most of higher education is actually paid by the state ( if you are good enough for the course ) , along with the opposite ( you pay per semester ) . 
  ca n't wait till feminists will cry how it was a cyber attack forged specially against women .
