  have i stated anything like that ? 
  i stated that only they care about men , and no other party . 
  the ruling party ( almost a supermajority ) has actually implied that they would abolish male retirement completely ( `` a man only has a value if he works '' ) while women already have it much better . 
  worst case scenario : either no gas from russia or bits of democracy from the usa ? 
  now that sucks . 
  someone said `` feminism is religion '' in this thread , and they 're right . 
  you also have to know that sometimes people leave their religion for various reasons , one being a total disappointment in said religion . 
  you can use that to your advantage if you want to . 
  make her feel guilty because of supporting feminism , a group of women that fucked up society , took away the happiness of everyone else and are constantly terrorizing innocent men , women and children . 
  ( `` think of the children '' is clich\u00e9 but unless she hates them it should help a lot . ), 
  trump has changed [ sides ] ( http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/paul-chameleon-trump-has-been-on-every-side-of-every-issue/article/2569908 ) so many times i 'd never vote for him if i were an american . 
  dictators ? 
  my experience ( not in military ) as well . 
  what i quoted in my previous comment was the official commentary of the ruling party here . 
  the far-right party managed to gather signatures for a referendum about earlier retirement for men ( after 40 years of active work , otherwise it 's approx a decade more ) , thus making it the same as for women . 
  the ruling party wants to `` let '' us work till we can because then we `` are valued '' . 
  you can quickly turn it around to reach my conclusion , especially as retirement is not mandatory . 
  do you even palestine , bro ? 
  how about the time before israel ? 
  jews have no right to that land . 
  i would link you the news pieces but you would n't understand it , even via an online translator , so you 'll have to take it from me . 
  a few facts :, 
  - far right party calls for a referendum ( it was accepted after a lot of shit ), 
  - ruling party says what i quoted , saying that the far righters want to `` ruin '' the system, 
  - abolishing male retirement ( on their part ) would halve retirement costs and leave more money to steal ( apalt : all politicians are like that ), 
  also , i 've never mentioned sjws in this thread because they do n't really exist here ( eastern eu ) and both the far right and the ruling party disapprove of feminists ( the latter being openly sexist sometimes ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure this can be interpreted as helping the murderers , ergo , r/europe mods can be now seen as criminals . 
  awalt , my fellow gents . 
  awalt . 
  bigger tips + validation, 
  that 's all you need to understand . 
   i 'm not going to marry ~ ~ while i 'm in the military ~ ~, 
  ftfy . 
  do n't do stupid shit . 
  you stroke her ego by flirting back and asking her number . 
  ( ca n't link because the rules wo n't allow it . ), 
  trust me , you 'll get more confident when you have practice . 
  i would give you advice if it would n't go against # 2 in `` please do not '' . 
  maybe this information is enough to find what you need . 
   she absolutely loses it , she starts crying and at first i think she 's crying because she feels bad for me , but it turns out that she 's actually crying because `` i lied to her '' , `` i tricked her '' , `` if she had known that from the beginning she never would have allowed herself to fall in love with me '' . 
  the hell ? 
  wtf did she even mean ... 
  do n't contact her ever again . 
  she is toxic and makes you a huge favor by cutting you out of her life , you should do the same to her . 
  my own mental health has improved since i do n't talk to my sister . 
  i would n't do that either . 
  she 'll probably hold this against you forever and might try to sabotage your child as a revenge . 
  you know her better , but i 've seen some really shitty people out there . 
  also , an idea . 
  maybe she * is * a psychopath and she 's projecting . 
  she was probably thinking you 're one as well so your diagnosis was actually a huge disappointment for her . 
  that 's pretty vague , and by experience , false . 
  edit : a term similar in its meaning would be ** gynocentrism ** . 
  i do n't think they 're paid . 
  they do n't need to be paid . 
  they 're simply useful idiots . 
  they consider sd to be a nazi party . 
  someone should ask varg vikernes for advice ... 
  and for us , it 's time to help jobbik rise to power and cleanse our lands from immigrants . 
  welcome the new boss , same as the old boss . 
  pao was ceo only to take away the blame and still works with the company . 
  ytf does css matter until the sub gets big enough ? 
  seriously , make content and get people in first . 
  the article does n't contain the most important video regarding this matter . 
  [ obama slips up : `` we 're training isil '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2nkjnvwuau ), 
  completely worthless imo . 
  can they even read ? 
  we need border patrol , not wasting money on bs . 
  just as they do n't understand af/bb they also do n't understand that traditionalism is for long term ( raising children in family ) and using sluts is for short term ( sex ) . 
  tip on shirts : make some [ black ones with white pattern ] ( http://imgur.com/m0qefyw ) . 
  that 's pretty easy to determine , just imagine yourself on your death bed . 
  whatever you 'd regret not doing is on the list now . 
  awesome . 
  i 'll think about it . 
  now that 's a fine example of black knighting . 
  the eu flag is an instant giveaway , and most germans suffer from infinite white guilt . 
  i myself consider fellow europeans to be brothers and sisters but i 'm as eurosceptic as it gets . 
  i hope you know why they actually want him for `` rape '' : wikileaks . 
  snowden would be extradited to the usa in no time and executed either legally or illegally . 
  he 'll probably spend the rest of his life on the ecuadorian embassy but i 'm sure he still feels it 's still worth it . 
  imho dimmu borgir is a much bigger name and much more famous than chrome division . 
  i only heard about cd because of shagrath , too . 
  methinks it 's as a mot\u00f6rhead ripoff as is i ( abbath 's supergroup ) . 
  being the frontman of one of the biggest black metal bands ( even if symphonic ) vs a close-to-unknown heavy metal band ? 
  which gives more status ? 
  i frequent both places and the `` safe '' parts of reddit now are actually worse , as 9gag is n't censored to oblivion . 
  but of course the `` unsafe '' parts beats both . 
  too bad our government only barks , spends our money and does nothing useful . 
  why have n't they restored border patrols already ? 
  why do they want to build huge immigrant camps next to small villages ? 
  the camps would have 5x residents than the village . 
  all orb\u00e1n did was making a name for himself among the anti-immigrants . 
  seriously , fuck them all . 
  time for a gamergate kind of e-mail campaign where you all mail their partners that they either stop doing business with these faggots or you stop doing business with them instead . 
  money speaks louder than feminism . 
  also make sure that as many of your friends does that as possible . 
  hit them hard !, 
  otherwise gamergate would n't have happened . 
  actually , that was the case for hundreds of years before the treaty of trianon . 
  but yeah .
