  that 's enough to make them bitter , is n't it ? 
  and [ pay child support ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2014/01/23/justice/kansas-sperm-donation/ ) afterwards ... 
  do n't be so happy about anti-feminism , especially anti-feminist women , because they want to enslave us once again . 
  i disagree . 
  all forms of gynocentrism are anti-male , feminism just takes everything out in the open . 
  u/iamadogforreal pls respawn, 
  i would n't expect that law to stay that way , especially after mgtow becomes mainstream and women wo n't have other options ( except for suckers but that alone might make them seem as too desperate ) . 
  this ` thing ' is so fucking [ clueless ] ( https://unix4lyfe.org/img/gender-is-a-social-construct.jpg ) ... 
  they do n't want them , they have no other options ( being single ai n't good for da wymyn ) , and divorce is profitable, 
  we 're a threat to the status quo , unlike trp . 
  of course they are upset, 
  of course it wo n't be changed immediately ... they 'll wait after they had enough suckers , then they 'll change the law retroactively . 
  happens all the time, 
  / thread, 
   seemed to lose his job as soon as she moved in with him ... 
  might not be a coincidence ... 
  use \\ \\ # if you do n't want that bold shit, 
  i still do n't get it why you guys stay in the anglosphere or scandinavia ... 
  was n't the marriage contract changed retroactively by enabling no-fault divorce ? 
  and that 's what bp programming is for . 
  they 'll brainwash boys so they can have it all again . 
  and that 's one of the reasons why mgtow gets so much hate . 
  born from the ashes of the mrm ( frustrated by society 's dismissal of men 's problems ) , then infused with trp knowledge , and growing way beyond both , mgtow is the biggest threat they have to face . 
  learn to live frugally and you wo n't have to worry about office jobs or gold diggers . 
  apart from that , do something you like doing . 
  mgtow is not for you ` bruh ', 
  and is probably proud of her `` work '', 
   something this trivial, 
  that line of thinking usually leads to sexual harassment or false rape accusations ... 
   paranoid, 
  `` just because you 're paranoid does n't mean they are n't after you . '', 
  it illustrates an aspect of female nature perfectly . 
  at some dorms even water heaters are banned, 
  total and utter bs . 
  if you 're renting you 'll always have the sword of damocles above your head ( the landlord simply decides that they do n't like you anymore ) , you 're constantly being checked on , ca n't do any modifications , and you 'll constantly be bitched at just because you are n't marrying a used up slut . 
  no , owning a home alone is much better in every possible way . 
  good for you . 
  i hate renting and would rather have my own place , i just do n't have the money yet, 
  here in eastern europe women are at least semi-useful besides sex , but awalt still applies . 
  the main problem is n't your height , it 's your insecurity about your height . 
  the next time someone bitches about your height just lift 'em up , 
  [ nope ] ( http://sliders.wikia.com/wiki/love_gods ), 
  i do n't even have a smartphone cause i have no need for it . 
   they decide to demonize the very thing they wish to be . 
  because they hate themselves, 
  48 partners ? 
  more like 150 . 
  predators attack and kill fast . 
   oneitis is a sign of a man who is hormonally broken, 
  you phrased perfectly what i was thinking, 
   more than 800 girls in northern utah got to feel special, 
  if everyone is special , no one is, 
  are you having sex whenever he feels like it ? 
  because if not , especially if you use ( withholding ) sex as a controlling move , then you have the answer why he did it . 
  that sounds like a first world problem from here ( hungary ), 
  i meant that you irish folks look pretty fine from here as far as the financials go . 
  hungary is a second world ex-commie shithole with corruption going rampant , but at least we 're not a feminazi dystopia like the anglosphere or scandinavia . 
  also , remember the post about [ eritrea ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mgtow/comments/42w74r/muslim_cleric_in_eritrea_men_must_marry_at_least/ ) ? 
  islam/sharia is n't our friend either . 
  lol those idiots ca n't even copy the transcript into the description from a text file ... 
  that 's not how it works, 
  prove it cucktard ... protip : you ca n't . 
  lol you wish, 
  i sometimes go out with friends or with my father and it 's mostly beer for me . 
  at other times i also drink a beer alone , a `` must '' for metal concert videos . 
   how do you reconcile these two realities ? 
  by not giving her the tools to destroy you ... so , by being mgtow . 
  makeup is to fool men 's subconscious into thinking they 're still young and fertile ( around 16 ) . 
  tell that to the fucktards lobbying for all shit, 
  and of course comments are disabled . 
  the winning move is not to play, 
  if someone would reply with `` but not all women are like that '' i 'd likely slap them so hard they 'd lose a tooth or maybe two . 
  they of course did n't include mgtow in the equation ... if enough men go their own way either society collapses ( by breakdown or by mass immigration which is to replace us in the dating pool ) or the ` marriage strike ' succeeds in undoing ( parts of ) feminism . 
  i half-disagree . 
  if we made mgtow knowledge public and easily accessible by anyone : if someone still chooses to engage , then i agree , they had it coming . 
  others might simply be blind , but once shown , they 'd just leave . 
  no , i 'm not advocating evangelism here , i 'm just saying that some men do n't know they have any other choice . 
  i do n't know how you can resist doxxing her ... in a similar situation i could only resist because doxxing is a crime around here and no bitch is worth prison . 
  luckily telling her husband or starting a rumor is a viable way ... 
  same goes for the guys , too . 
  i personally do n't mind it , we have lots of genetic trash in our species and the planet is overpopulated , too . 
  mankind can only win with this technology . 
  even if you 're walking away on your own ( not because of her manipulation ) you 're already showing value . 
  yes , women are this retarded . 
  brainwashing is a thing . 
  the manosphere has saved me from a similar fate by showing what i was blind to . 
  this was to be expected . 
  i think it 'll be soon expanded * outside * relationships , basically making bachelorhood and mgtow illegal . 
  `` damned if you do , damned if you do n't . '', 
  run . 
  run until it 's too late . 
  you know awalt is not a literal phrase , right ? 
  google translate can be used outside chrome ... and it sucks donkey balls when it comes to russian ( even at beginner levels which i aborted learning because did n't have time for it ), 
  how much do you have left of school ? 
  if a semester or two i think you should finish it , get some money in the field and then learn something different . 
  however , if you just started , then just leave it behind . 
  not in the `` let 's line up all 3 billion + women and you wo n't find anyone who 's not like that '' sense . 
  of course there are a few exceptions , but generally we do n't care because they 're impossible to find , and will probably be extinct in a few decades anyway . 
  if you 're trolling , then just fuck off . 
  if not , just move your ass over to r/theredpill to read/watch all stuff in the sidebar , after that you come back do this sub to do the same .
