  the reason is power , votes , money , whatever is good for the top 1 % . 
  blaming men with making women wet is almost like blaming lions for eating zebras . 
  in reality , no one is to blame , it 's all life , welcome to it . 
  too bad feminists ca n't create , they can only destroy . 
  here the word `` neoliberal '' is used to describe these people and with great contempt . 
  good point , women should n't be the only aspect of your life . 
  in my bp days this was my only concern , looking for blogs endlessly , even practicing a bit here and there with varying success . 
  since i found the manosphere - a local site first , then avfm , thumotic ( thanks to / u/jonfrost25 for the site ) which led me here . 
  since that i started climbing out of another wave of depression , all my social interactions improved , far more self confidence . 
  also , now i can reject neoliberalism cause i realized how it really works . 
  most of my thinking process has changed . 
  this is the first time in my life that i 'm sure i can be a happy guy , happy w/o giving up myself . 
  i 'm staying because there 's more to this sub than women and sex , so many other interesting topics come up which are also politically incorrect yet still true . 
   why the hell she added me in the first place, 
  maybe to increase her friends list ? 
  you know , you 're allowed to like her pics but never talk to her , just like her 100ish orbiter hordes . 
  the sidebar material . 
  go read it . 
  please replace the original link with an archive.today snapshot , we should n't give them money by visiting their site . 
  exactly this . 
  most things i wanted to read can be found on the net freely , either in legal or illegal . 
  for older stuff you can always visit a library or ask someone if they have it . 
  some might consider me a leech but who cares ? 
  `` magic pill '' sellers are leeches themselves after all . 
  betas are hurt by traditional masculinity because they ca n't be that . 
  feminists made them their allies by saying that `` it 's okay not being masculine '' , showing an easier way . 
  too bad things only get worse for betas and are fucked in the ass unless they wake up . 
  for most , never . 
  this breeds entitled princesses to whom no sane guy would commit and are only used for sex . 
  this failure makes them bitter by the time they hit the wall and get together with timid betas who have no alternative other than loneliness . 
  sounds like insanity wolf on steroids . 
  other than that , it 's not worth it , he 'll find the pill when he really needs it . 
   and go die in a nursing home so the wife and kids do n't have to be reminded of the good life you built for them that you never got to share , * because you were too tired from working 60 hours a week . 
  this is one of the most depressing stuff i 've read here , and will be my strongest motivation not to fall back to my old beta days . 
   it was supposed to be an actual discussion, 
  yeah , in your head . 
  i 'm pretty sure this was n't on her mind when she started . 
  the sidebar will be a good friend of yours , read , read , read . 
  you know what 's funny ? 
  you got far more upvotes for your `` ripoff '' than the guy who wrote it and posted it here too . 
  also , what he wrote about fraud blogs fits his own as well . 
  because that 's a power grab to keep the betas in check . 
  or did you think the `` patriarchy '' is about the alphas ? 
  maybe for the most undesirable feminists who ca n't get anyone , but for the rest ... 
  trp as a whole is most definitely not a fan of the classic family model . 
  some guys are ( mostly the married ones i presume ) , some only want to spin plates , and some say ` fuck this shit , i 'm mgtow ' . 
  traditional family is the wish of those who want to raise children ( this joke you see this years is fucking up children ) . 
  as i heard the food in the usa is full of sugar and other carbohydrates . 
  even your bread tastes sweet as fuck compared to ours . 
  the more obese people are there the more have diabetes and those `` need '' medication to help with spiking blood glucose levels . 
  and if that was n't enough , add the fat acceptance movement to the list , who also frequently bully thin people . 
  a nice way to fuel an industry or two , right ? 
  he failed the principle of `` do n't shit where you eat '' . 
  so actually your nerd friend did the right thing for the wrong reason . 
  you seem like to be in the 4th stage of unplugging , namely depression . 
  do n't worry , it will pass . 
  see : https://archive.today/zohko, 
  if this goes global mgtow will be so widespread the whole western society will collapse before they can realize what 's happened . 
  as sweden is already at the edge i hope they 'll integrate this , then we 'll just watch the fireworks . 
  / r/geotrp is that way -------- , 
  seriously , the mods made that sub exactly for that reason , and by having a quick look it 's filled with usa-specific threads . 
  what do you exactly mean by beta ? 
  because i do n't think you use it for the same thing as the sub usually does . 
  do n't worry i wo n't . 
  by the time that happens i 'll be far away from it and watch the decline from the side and laugh . 
  there was a thread here which showed that introversion is almost perfectly independent from betaness , meaning there are a lot of extroverted betas ( going to bars night by night and supplicating to women ) and introverted alphas ( who do n't care much about the world and do n't take shit from anyone ) . 
  not standing up for yourself is beta , though . 
  women hate men like that , do n't be that guy . 
  that 's a far smoother way of taking over a country than directly attacking it . 
  a lot of isis fighters are actually born in the eu to immigrants . 
  are n't they ? 
  does n't it work ? 
  to fight it you need a government that does n't have its head out of its ass . 
  a lot of shit can be said about ours , but since charlie hebdo our govt turned openly xeno - and islamophobic ( we had few of them anyway ) . 
  liberals can cry a river however they want , but almost no one believes them anymore . 
  ( edit : typo ), 
   sidebar ca n't trump science and science defines true alpha and true beta for all mammals . 
  then i guess you wo n't mind linking that so we can check it , right ? 
   you can never change beta into alpha ever no matter what . 
  his neural wiring is burned into existence prior to birth and ca n't be fixed . 
  * `` only a sith deals in absolutes . 
  '' * joke aside , you would be right if societal conditioning would n't be a thing . 
  in reality , even genetically alphas can be blue pill betas because feminism has brainwashed them hard . 
  also , alpha and beta are n't the same in different settings . 
  you can be the king of the neighbourhood , but on a nationwide level you might not even be good enough to be considered a bit alpha . 
  as i wrote in another reply : 1 ) source ? 
  2 ) alpha and beta are relative to the current environment . 
  take [ bubble sort ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bubble_sort ) vs [ merge sort ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/merge_sort ) . 
  does bubble sort work ? 
  yeah . 
  is it as good as the other on average or worst case ? 
  nope . 
  just because he has a working sexual strategy does n't mean there is n't better , in fact there is . 
  and what if he does n't want sex only ? 
  good for him . 
  not to play a pun on our godfather 's name , but there should be a post flair named `` red pill school '' , giving practical advices to the visitors . 
  they 'd deserve what gawker got for this ... gg-ers successfully persuaded almost all advertisers to pull out . 
  the site almost looks the same with abp turned off . 
  how many animal species are brainwashed with feminism ? 
  could you link it ?
