  do n't conflate things . 
  fph was banned because they went after the imgur staff and have actually harassed them for their weight ( even they admitted it , proudly ) . 
  do you see anyone on here organizing witch hunts against other people ? 
  because if you do , you ( and everyone else ) have to report it to the mods or see the sub get banned . 
  as of the info , i remember some tool somewhere that can archive a full subreddit , but i ca n't remember now where . 
  backups are always welcome . 
  what do i say about it ? 
  `` people are equal but some are more equal than others '' . 
  also , it 's not my fight . 
  when it comes to politics , libtardism is very far away from here , and we have far more pressing enemies . 
  ( oligarch and the real threat of communism ... wo n't go into details , it 'd take weeks to explain our whole history - more than a millennium ), 
  top kek, 
  these get posted all the time and will get much more visibility than in a sticky ... this sub is still small enough not to need a sticky like this, 
  it 's up to anyone how they choose to behave . 
  if you consider safety reasons it pretty much depends on the female and her mood , so either assholeness or niceness can trigger her meltdown against you ... the only sure way is to ghost them , to not be on their radar at all ... 
  it 's easy : i do n't . 
  lots of guys here already had children before getting divorce raped and found mgtow , though . 
  mine \\ #blocked, 
  i do n't know why it 's unacceptable for you , but if it 's just a personal inconvenience i 'd think about it . 
  if i had to choose between having to work with roasties every single day for a year of if i could n't see my country for the same period of time i 'd gladly choose the latter . 
  why ? 
  because the actually poor do n't have to die just because they do n't have overpriced insurance ? 
  almost all european countries ( like mine ) have universal healthcare coverage that comes from taxes . 
  sure , i could offer private insurance , but what about most of my countrymen ? 
  and no , trump wants to abolish it , just like how he wants to kill the iran deal ( to suck israeli cock even harder ) and net neutrality . 
  he 's much more a puppet than obama ever was , and all you alt right idiots have fallen for his lies ... just like how [ this guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%90sz%c3%b6d_speech ) has done the same 10 years ago . 
  it 's part of the process, 
  he waited long enough kek, 
  i 've been there . 
  i 'm still depressed as fuck but mgtow has helped me tremendously . 
  give it a few years !, 
  cracks me up every time, 
  you should 've posted this as the post body , 
   why are people constantly conflating tradcons with anti-feminists ? 
  because it 's true 99 % of the time ? 
  especially female `` antifems '' that want men back to the plantation but will ** never ** give up the rights feminism ( and white knight orbiters ) earned them . 
  even their tradcon shit is fake as fuck . 
   anti-feminism is about equality . 
  nope , antifeminism ( when real ) is being against certain level ( s ) of feminism . 
  anti 1st wavers want wymyn back in the kitchen barefoot and pregnant , while i 'm basically only anti 3rd wave because that 's what lets me live on my own without being forced to provide for a roastie and her disgusting spawns ... yeah , back in the day they hired you only if you were married or too young to be, 
  i ca n't argue with that . 
  but tradcon slavery ( right gynocentrism ) is no better than feminism ( left gynocentrism ) as you 're a slave in both of them . 
  the best thing for a mgtow is when these sides battle each other hard , because then we can hide in the eye of the storm , we can ghost without being noticed . 
  do you think we 'd have this opportunity if either side was far stronger than the other ? 
  both sides hate mgtow because we `` take '' from wymyn by not participating in the system , and both sides would try to destroy us by any means necessary . 
  but since they 're busy fighting each other ... , 
   except in an ideal feminist society males would not be able to accuse females of rape, 
  `` did you just assume my gender , shitlord ? '', 
  newsflash : most anons on 4chan do exactly this : they play along to an obviously fake story , because it 's fun . 
  we are treated as losers ? 
  good !, 
  more peace of mind and less false accusing bpd gold digging whores launching lynch mobs against mgtow guys who happen to be secretly rich . 
  i 'll take `` loser '' over `` dead '' any day , thanks . 
  you need to report shit you find objectionable first , the mods wo n't read every single shit on this sub you know, 
  i know right ? 
  i was downvoted to oblivion cause i dared to diss orb\u00e1n ( our dear prime minister ) who does only two things : spreads negative propaganda ( perfected by the late [ finkelstein ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arthur_j._finkelstein ) ) and steals our money , while the sheeple keep voting for him . 
  me too , because if the claim is, 
  - false , then we got a psycho bitch on our hands, 
  - true , i wo n't try to fix damaged goods . 
  been there , tried that , it destroyed all self esteem i had and the bitch turned on me eventually . 
  awalt, 
   stupid games he choose to play, 
  some guys have no idea they have a choice, 
  that 's why you make her break up with you instead ... go full beta and wait till she finds another sucker, 
  so you believe everyone except you takes 4chan literally and seriously ? 
  how cute, 
  nobody cares roastie ... go feed your cat, 
  it 's a gender pay gap joke ... 
  gender pay gap joke, 
  you should stop thinking like this . 
  methinks you 're a twentysomething or younger guy who is n't attractive enough to get what he wants physically and you 're so obsessed about this you ca n't really go mgtow yet . 
  you have a few choices here :, 
  - realize that this all is just your biology talking , and by reminding yourself to the consequences ( as others said above/below ) you can defeat it . 
  with time it 'll become far easier, 
  - get it out of your system by indulging . 
  not recommended !, 
  you can either go down the pua road , become a millionaire or just hire a hooker that looks like this . 
  if you do the last you 'll have to fuck another one soon otherwise you 'll be prone to oneitis which is hell on earth, 
  - keep complaining and change nothing while hoping it 'll magically solve itself . 
  this is what most incels do anyway . 
  check their nonverbal signals if you can ( so this advice wo n't do for anyone on the asd spectrum ) , especially those they have less control over, 
  or just rub it out at home and live a more carefree life, 
  does n't sandman live there as well ? 
  all the shitty rules have ... back when i was a kid ( 90s ) there were almost no limitations , only speed and danger , nowadays it 's only tactics that can be calculated to almost certainty . 
  it 's biology and will get better as you age, 
  [ the female privilege checklist ] ( https://mensresistance.wordpress.com/female-privilege-checklist/ ) :, 
  from an early age the opposite sex will be instructed never to hit me but i may not be given the same instructions \\ . 
  however , should i strike males i can expect not to be hit back and any social penalties that occur from my actions will actually fall on the male . 
  if i 'm not smart , but pretty , i can marry and achieve the social and financial level of my husband without ever working . 
  i can produce offspring \\ . 
  a status which grants me an `` essential '' status in our species that men can never have and which can never be taken away from me even in old age . 
  regardless of my mate value society has organized fertility clinics and social welfare programs that will allow me to have children and provide for them should i choose to reproduce without a mate or marriage . 
  i not only have the more valuable and sought after sexual identity , but i also have complete control over my reproductive choice and in many ways over the reproductive choice of the opposite sex . 
  at any time i can abandon my parental responsibilities with little or no social stigma and hand the child over to the state or abort the pregnancy \\ . 
  a male could never relieve himself of this burden unless i allow him to . 
  i am granted all the rights of a democracy without any of the burdens of military service . 
  at age 18 i lose the protective status of the child but retain the protective status of the female \\ . 
  boys at age 18 lose the protected status of the child and become targets if they fail to gain status after that point . 
  when i marry a man with status i can take his name and become whoever he has spent years becoming \\ . 
  i need not do anything special to be worthy of receiving the reputation he has built \\ .
