  most prominent mgtows are libertarian . 
  he is talking about both mgtow and the mrm ... he 's also mixed race so he 's despised by all racists, 
  yeah , paul elam tried to seem mgtow for money, 
  the author talks about both the mrm and mgtow, 
  we interpret it differently then . 
  to me the post starts with 3 examples , then goes on how the mrm and mgtow fails depressed , low status men in 1-1 separate paragraphs each, 
  am i the only one around here who ca n't be fooled by makeup that easily ? 
  i can usually ( most of the time actually ) tell if a woman is attractive without makeup despite her having it on ( her main features ca n't be altered by it ), 
  a mgtow-only country will be nuked in seconds, 
  [ source ] ( https://mensresistance.wordpress.com/female-privilege-checklist/ ), 
  lolled harder than should have, 
  since the / r9k / community started blending in us, 
   women obey their husbands , they know their place, 
  then how come the first thing a muslim wife does when settling down in a western country is divorcing her husband and hiding in a female shelter ? 
  when was the last time you checked out the marriage and divorce laws of your country ? 
  we have and have never looked back since . 
  women + men serving their interests ( despite those conflicting with their own ) = gynocentrism, 
  if nofap includes no sex then how is it different from celibacy ? 
  serious question, 
  thanks for the clarification, 
  why do you assume that muslim kids grow up in nuclear families ? 
  their crime rate suggests otherwise . 
  ( check out tfm 's `` single mothers are cancer '' video ), 
  a rare gem in the pile of shit known as 4chan , 
  they already have that covered : https://yro.slashdot.org/story/16/09/06/0550230/meet-url-the-usb-porn-sniffing-dog, 
  \\  femanon here, 
   do we need a leader or leaders ? 
  for what ? 
  mgtow is still not a movement , and it never will be, 
   the pure individualism which is mgtow, 
  mgtow is consciously not getting married . 
  from that point everyone does whatever the hell they want , even become a mercenary if that 's their wish, 
   mgtow youtube scene, 
  my personal recommendation is messenger rising, 
  kek, 
  maybe he was trolling them ? 
  i know i was , i got banned very fast tho, 
  \\ # 2 is a great response, 
  thank dog i do n't have any female coworkers, 
  the awkward moment when tradcons are far louder denying this than feminists ... fuck tradcons, 
  op should check out r/purplepilldebate, 
  that 's why he said `` a woman is not necessarily a lady '', 
  not only that , they vehemently attack anyone who dares to teach women self-defense, 
  that depends on your financial situation , employment , wish for mobility or having your own place . 
  my sister , an overbearing narcissistic landwhale . 
  good think i have n't talked to her in years , and i hope i wo n't ever have to . 
  r/thebluepill for trolling them shamelessly , 
  it 's still better than pussy addiction if you get addicted to games , because games ca n't falsely accuse you of anything or divorce rape you, 
  they know pretty well what they 're doing ... they want to make women afraid of all men so that they have a chance with the hot guys, 
  just wait till vasectomy and paternity testing get outlawed and you 'll have no defense against sperm jacking and paternity fraud ... 
  underestimating women leads to lots of things we talk about here ... 
  u w0t m8, 
  those people who say suicide is selfish are the real selfish ones because they 'd prolong one 's suffering for their own benefit . 
  apex fallacy strikes again, 
  it 's funny because most antiglobalists i know are poor and left-leaning, 
  they 're welcome as long as they do n't start to redefine mgtow, 
  incels ca n't be mgtow imo . 
  they have to become voluntarily celibate or get laid to be mgtow , so they can really find their path and not obsess over women . 
  i know we are often shamed with the same shit ( obsessing over women that is ) but in their case it 's true . 
  some never . 
  also , natural selection has been out of the window since contraceptives and vaccines are a thing . 
  i do n't get it , why the hell are you getting downvoted ? 
  ( inb4 i also get downvoted with no explanation at all ), 
  far better to go back to the plantation , amirite ? 
  fuck off cunt , and i say this as someone who has antisemitic tendencies ( like 2/3 of our population ) and who does n't even watch porn, 
  what do you need a therapist for ? 
  knowledge about your illness ? 
  you have the internet at your disposal . 
  to vent ? 
  just get a buddy or do it online . 
  kek, 
   you still care . 
  you care a lot . 
  this is why i say that incels can not be mgtow ... they have to lose either the involuntary or the celibate part of inceldom . 
   lovely , kind , helpful , sweet coworker , who has been hitting on me for a month, 
  if it sounds too good to be true then it almost always is , 
  what about spermjacking tho, 
  you can always click on someone 's username and voting ca n't be disabled there, 
  pinging u/ovendice for this, 
  i 've grown up in a metal oriented family and have been an avid black metal fan for a decade . 
  thanks to these i rarely have to listen to mainstream `` music '' that is brainwashing most men . 
  `` quit looking at me , creep ! '', 
  - the same female, 
  exactly . 
  you are n't missing out on a lot anyway, 
  you ca n't be mgtow if you let women define your life ... that 's why married men are also excluded from it . 
  the moment an incel removes his excessive obsession is the moment he ceases to be an incel, 
  she wants the bbc, 
   could be americans living in germany, 
  or a proxy, 
  i 'd put my finger down my throat and vomit all over her ... 
  the female chameleon, 
  she 's also likely a bpd , run like hell and never go back, 
   i 'm curious what kind of sentence she 'll get . 
  a slap on the wrist most likely, 
  it 's about different levels , because black pillers see everyone else that way , even us mgtow, 
  [ this blog ] ( https://omegavirginrevolt.wordpress.com/ ) is a good start to understand it , but in short : the rabbit hole always goes deeper, 
  big pharma is about making money , not about curing people . 
  there 's a reason why aids and cancer do n't have a cure yet, 
   and she told me : `` what , you think she 's going to have sex with you ? '',
