  also , add the book toxic parents on top of your reading list , it will help to understand your family dynamics from another view . 
  apart from that , cut contact as soon as possible ( i do recommend the nuclear option that / u/cleverneologism said ) and build yourself up . 
  you wan na re-initiate contact only after you 're ready for her . 
  / u/redpillschool confirmed it in a [ mod post ] ( https://archive.is/guixn ) a while back . 
  i understand the reasoning behind it but i also miss any excerpt/comments on the linked article . 
  maybe , but he always writes like this and can be spotted by style from a mile away . 
  you will find it when you read the sidebar . 
  i 'd say most guys in mgtow do n't care anymore . 
  feminism just put the last nail in the coffin , as awhablt ( all women have always been like that ) applies to anyone and unicorn-hunting is pointless . 
  there 's no advantage of marrying anyone for the man , and any kind of emotional reason for that is just blue pill hamstering . 
  you can have an ltr and children , no need to give her the weapon to destroy you . 
  also , if your country does n't allow parental testing just mtfo . 
  what does it matter upon/after divorce ? 
  she still left with the kids , you still pay child support , but divorce means alimony if the country has that in law , and w/o prenup an asset lost too . 
  most definitely not a winning alternative . 
  avoid common law and traditional marriage like a plague . 
   i hope they like dicks photoshoped into their mouths . 
  if i were them i 'd be terrified !, 
  lol, 
  dammit man you 're not a fucking priest so do n't fucking preach . 
  the movie this sub is named after ( the matrix ) describes ** perfectly ** why you should n't preach . 
  it does n't matter how you feel for bps , you 'll only regret it . 
  you should watch it asap . 
  re-watching with red pill perspective will be a unique experience so go ahead . 
  i lack the site-specific term , so i might say it differently but hope you understand : we can have the best of both worlds by not handing out `` approved submitter '' status unless someone has already proven themselves ( 3-5 good quality posts ) . 
  until that , a mod has to look through it and approve manually . 
  do n't know how you operate now but [ that 's how ] ( http://www.ultimate-guitar.com/contribution/help/approvalqueuefaq ) ultimate guitar works with tab submissions . 
  think about single mothers who raise their bastards on child support and welfare , the latter being financed from your hard-earned money ( taxes ) . 
  or worse : breast-enlargement surgeries paid by healthcare ( yeah , some countries have that , google it ) . 
  lol tell that to sandman and the other preachers, 
  `` think as you like but behave like others '', 
  -- 38th of the * 48 laws of power *, 
  ok , i 'll be more general . 
  who relies more on healthcare ? 
  women ( more services , longer life , more frequent checkups/surgeries etc ) . 
  who earns more in general , and therefore has to pay more taxes ? 
  us , men . 
  even if you stay single all your life you 'll pay in taxes for others ' welfare and healthcare . 
  also , related thread on trp [ archived ] ( https://archive.is/8vror ) . 
  it 's not my own proposition per se , afaicr i read it on mgtow.com a while ago . 
  also , some of mgtow actually want the collapse of society or economy , finishing what feminism has started . 
  i can understand that , but that 's the scope of mra , not mgtow . 
  any sort of intersectionality is like when feminism is about everyone except males ( women , lgbt , non-whites etc. ) . 
  not saying you ca n't be both at the same time ( i 'm also mr supporter ) . 
  just check out the gamergate [ `` article '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gamergate_controversy ) and you 'll see how it 's completely pointless as the site is infested with sjws . 
  trp is not going away because they 'd lose the visible enemy . 
  the sad thing is : most people do n't give a shit about facts , they only care about feelz . 
  that includes most women and blue pill manginas too . 
  sjws can only be defeated by their own weapons , exposing their true dangers . 
  mgtow is n't science either and that 's why it 's gon na be successful . 
  social justice warrior . 
  apart from googling i recommend [ this guy 's video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75qotiuyejk ) because he 's awesome . 
  it will fail since women wo n't initiate contact unless absolutely necessary . 
   if he does n't understand it -- kick him out too . 
  exactly what i wanted to say . 
  if you fail , the whole group will fall apart and it will be your fault ( to an extent anyway ) . 
  i think he was joking actually . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  why ? 
  and please explain in detail , not just with a half sentence because that 's not quite useful . 
  i do n't think my flair has anything to do with his experiences about china . 
  edit : if you meant the communist era of hungary , then just look up `` goulash communism '' and you 'll see how it was actually better in some aspects than after ' 89 . 
  inb4 the whole country gets cuckolded , not that they do n't deserve it, 
  also op , please do n't link to daily mail and other clickbait shit , we do n't wan na give them traffic . 
  the site archive.is gets the love instead around here . 
  i see , and thanks . 
  because traffic means money, 
  because clickbait sites do n't deserve a cent . 
  by direct linking you enable leeches earn money for doing nothing . 
  maybe the time behind the iron curtain will have its advantages after all . 
  do n't worry bro she 's most definitely cheated on you with him . 
  as you were paying for her shit you 've become bb . 
  drop her , no contact , read trp sidebar , lift , etc. 
  read the sidebar of the main sub and its female counterpart , do n't ask n00b questions, 
  i 'm with you on this one but this is a / r/mensrights issue , not rp . 
  you 'd be more successful if you reposted it there w/o the rp lingo . 
  read it all . 
  if you ca n't , just try harder . 
  if you give up , transforming yourself wo n't work either . 
  i 'd rather ask / r/mgtow but they might not even care . 
  that 's when / r/theredpill comes to the rescue, 
  some of those `` gamers '' are white-knight manginas who believe the feminist bullcrap about something something * misogyny * . 
  why not zoidberg ? 
  2 . start lifting, 
  3 . read sidebar, 
  4 . learn from trp, 
  5 . gain value, 
  6 . dread when hot, 
  trp helps getting girls ( if you put the work in it ) while mgtow does n't . 
  however , if op does n't want them then he 's at the right place . 
  it 's up to op what he does with his life , not us . 
  captain america in the footsteps of captain sweden ? 
  at least this time the parents are outraged , so there might be a little hope left . 
  why would they ? 
  a bit of schadenfreude comes from seeing other women hitting the wall . 
  i 'll probably get downvoted into oblivion , but if your hair is really that bad you should try a buzz cut ( or even shave it ) and see if it looks better on you . 
  if not , you 'll have the experience . 
  come on , no girl has a tape measure with them and most of them suck pretty much at estimating any kinds of size . 
  if one catches you and gives shit just agree & amplify in some way . 
  stop giving a fuck about it , that 's what i 'm recommending .
