   how would i know if a woman is looking for a boyfriend in real life ? 
  how would i know if she 's single ? 
  ask her, 
  from omegas ? 
  not even that . 
  they want them dead . 
  we 're talking about women here , 
  not you kek, 
   people who go to prostitutes would probably still consider themselves incels . 
  ( citation needed ), 
   you would n't want to see the world when the overpopulation problem has been sorted ? 
  too bad overpopulation is a third world thing where it 's mostly caused by religious and tribal rules and where maybe the warlords have enough money to buy a sex bot . 
  in the first ( and the second ) world ( s ) birthrates continue to fall and there are less and less white people year by year . 
  your narcissism is shining through, 
   also we would have less rape, 
  another reason why feminists hate sex bots ... 
  citation needed, 
  there are countless websites where you can buy them, 
  tax benefits are n't big enough to compensate for a divorce rape, 
  your feel is wrong . 
  most men in mgtow have been fucked over by the system very badly so they 're actually speaking from experience . 
  with divorce rate being at 67 % in my country it 's simply not worth the odds . 
  it also serves no benefits to me , i do n't want children , i do n't like living with others ( spending time alone is great and underrated nowadays ) and a marriage would take away my freedom which i value the most in life, 
   the code of the dao is open-source . 
  does it use [ dao ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/data_access_object ) ? 
  daoception :d, 
  this tbh, 
  for some people it 's beneficial , for others it does n't matter , and yet for others it can be disadvantageous, 
  you know that love ( infatuation ) is nothing more than hormonal overdose that wo n't last more than a few years , right ? 
  the pussy pass is real ... 
  nice straw man you threw in my way, 
  and no , they are n't `` in love '' after a few years . 
  they might stick together because of a myriad reasons , but not that, 
  and why should i believe that on an internet forum when it never happens irl ? 
  also , your wife could be lying, 
  \\  not being able to prove their shilling, 
  \\  calls the other party immature, 
  it 's funny how you got so defensive after i dared to question your `` happily ever after '' belief, 
   small aspects, 
  these are fundamental differences, 
  indeed , by not getting married in the first place , 
  how long have you been married ? 
   but your position is that i 'm lying, 
  of course it is , because you used the `` we 're not like that '' card after losing every other argument, 
  what else would you call it when all of your life 's work is out of the window because of a cheating or simply ungrateful ex-wife ? 
  you usually lose most of your income ( on alimony and child support ) , most of your assets will automatically belong to her and if you fail to pay on time you 'll go to prison where you might literally get raped . 
  why ? 
  because of getting married . 
   hey , whatever you need to help you sleep at night and keep your myopic views in tact . 
  you want to think you 've made a single logical point , feel free . 
  you want to think i 'm a liar ? 
  cool , have at it . 
  why so butthurt ? 
   i think i can see now why you 've not found a lasting relationship . . er . . i mean , do n't want one . 
  we were talking about marriage here , mr. butthurt  ever heard of either ltrs or shorter flings ? 
  that 's not a long time ... let 's see where you 'll stand after a decade or more, 
  yep , basically, 
   second-wave and third-wave feminism also have some serious disagreements they would consider fundamental . 
  for example ? 
  i 'm curious . 
   male-empowerment communities that have similar views on the status of women and feminism in society, 
  actually that 's the only thing that most of the manosphere can agree on with mras saying it 's the laws only while the rest of the camps saying it 's female nature, 
   along with the countercultural movement to reinforce gender norms, 
  mgtow does n't do that shit . 
  we only put the info out there , help our fellow men ( e.g. 
  * the mayor of mgtown * helps the homeless regularly ) and protect ourselves . 
  why are there guys who have full custody of their children still paying child support to the mother ? 
  also , what part of ` divorce -  alimony -  not paying on time -  prison -  getting raped there ` did you not understand ? 
  did n't you know that people get raped in prison ? 
  how about the rest of the guys who do n't hang out there ? 
   on feminism, 
  thanks , 
   are the most important parts of the manosphere from the outside, 
  i 'm on the inside so i dunno lol, 
   choosing to not deal with women based on a stereotype and viewing them as fundamentally different from men is enforcing gender roles, 
  no , it 's not . 
  we are n't telling them what to do ... 
   why do we give male circumcision a pass ? 
  because society hates men, 
  judaism and islam are cancer anyway, 
  angela merkel and her shitty handling of the migrant crisis just proves this perfectly, 
  \\  equating lack of pussy worship to blanket hate, 
   when are you getting divorced ? 
  ca n't remember where but i read that a couple wanted to have a kid through surrogacy ( the woman had health problems ) so they paid for a surrogate mother , but she decided to keep the kid and now the couple has to pay child support to her . 
  great post and fuck the downvote brigade, 
   girls there that are considered `` vaginally virginal '' for marriage but anal whores, 
  i 've heard this a countless times . 
  muslim girls are indeed as slutty as the other ones but will have to keep the fa\u00e7ade for the family so they wo n't get into a relationship with a non-believer nor will they have vaginal sex with him . 
  i 'd also say that the surrogate mother should live in a poor country where surrogacy is legal ( e.g. 
  ukraine , our northeastern neighbor ) so giving the kid back is more profitable to her than keeping it . 
   i got the scoop from him . 
  what does that mean ? 
  ( i 'm not a native english speaker , obviously ), 
  too bad getting a properly raised women into the states will nullify all that and she 'll show her true colors . 
  awalt, 
  thanks bro, 
  mgtow is not a religion , do n't be a believer . 
  mgtow is self-protection in the anti-male world we live in . 
   the west will simply collapse rather than adapt to become once again sustainable, 
  that 's exactly what will happen .
