  i prefer isup.me and it says the same, 
  no fucking way , not even my own ( i 'm not planning on making one ) because they are even more annoying than women, 
  saudi arabia kek, 
  i know , it 's called cultural marxism ( even though you guys do n't like this name and automatically equate it with flat earthers level insanity ), 
  no way !, 
  i 'd rather get shot in the head with a crossbow before getting married . 
  so the cock carousel just went mainstream ... 
   the first mistake they make is that they assume every single man wants to be dominant, 
  no , they do n't . 
  they think men * need * to be dominant , but want ? 
  really ? 
  most betas put themselves second deliberately , not after a power struggle . 
   simply do n't have a sexual strategy at all, 
  of course they do , it 's only determined by their lizard brain . 
  people do n't realize that we on the eastern half of the continent do n't have any unicorns either ... 
  of course you did n't , 
  do n't make me laugh , your post history betrays you, 
  it 's simply not funny at all, 
  sounds like too many red flags, 
  do n't worry , blue pillers , they 'd never select any of you , 
  sounds just about right, 
  even our prime minister hates him, 
  just ca n't wait till they try to fuck with black metal ... not only will they be laughed at , but some guys are actually psychopathic and that 's when feminists will start to die ... 
  bitcoins will be useless when emps start to go off ... 
  no need to apologize , i stated my opinion, 
  and what 's the other name of gang rape ? 
  democracy . 
  nice try shill, 
  kek, 
  i like calling it toxic femininity . 
  yes , there are , they are rejects of society . 
  yours indeed , cuck, 
  does n't need to but can for his own amusement, 
  indeed . 
  that 's why you buy gold/silver . 
  \\  johntheother, 
  kek, 
  an overly narcissistic post-wall landwhale ( just like the average murrican wife ) who treats her beta husband ( and everyone else for that matter ) like dogshit . 
  i have n't talked to her for 3 years and i do n't plan on resuming contact ever again . 
  \\  implying she wo n't cheat her way to the white house, 
  r/theredpill is that way ----- , 
  it 's not misogyny if it 's the truth ... 
  mad ? 
  really ? 
   still caring about opinions online, 
  come on !, 
  it 's the internet , and you 'll have haters unless no one knows about your existence . 
  thank you captain obvious . 
  there are numerous alternatives to either being celibate or being chad thundercock ... 
  no , not your point at all . 
   be one of those, 
  is still basing your self-worth on women , so it 's by definition pussy worshipping . 
  * where all da good men gone ??? 
  yes , it is . 
  who the fuck cares about how many girls you can fuck ? 
  just fuck someone if you feel the need , or do n't if you do n't . 
  that 's mgtow . 
  puffing your chest out and screaming ** muh alpha ** is anything but mgtow . 
   i just said it 's okay to fuck a chick , even in a gangbang . 
  no , you did n't say that initially . 
   be one of those 17 guys, 
  that 's what you originally said . 
  it 's not only competition for female approval , but if you mean it literally ( reproducing ) then it by definition ca n't be mgtow . 
   your own tfl ideas, 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  having kids is commitment these days unless you are lucky enough or can flee pretty fast , simply not worth it . 
  and what 's up with the virgin shaming , * bro * ? 
  since when does the `` not chasing women 24/7 = virgin '' equation stand ? 
  it does n't . 
  you seem to forget ( probably intentionally ) about ltrs ( legally still not binding ) , random onses or escorts . 
  why ? 
  pua takes away some of their `` magic '' and exposes them for what they are : sluts . 
  i could drop a / pol / tier conspiracy theory but i 'm not sure mgtow are ready for it ... 
  edit : what u/dfordeadpool said . 
  \\  as civilized humans, 
  \\  humans, 
  \\  civilized, 
  yeah , slimg lets you post stuff without an account ( just reddit generally does n't like them ), 
   you misrepresented someone 's argument to make it easier to attack . 
   by exaggerating , misrepresenting , or just completely fabricating someone 's argument , it 's much easier to present your own position as being reasonable , but this kind of dishonesty serves to undermine honest rational debate . 
  sauce : https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/strawman, 
  omegas ca n't even get the leftovers , sometimes not even for money ( there are countless stories where a guy gets rejected by a prostitute ) . 
  they 're usually unkempt , asocial , have little to no income ( and have no attractiveness to counter this fact ) . 
  if you 're bored , look around in / r9k / to see how they operate . 
  now you 're moving the goalposts again ... 
   who said anything about that ? 
  you , with the `` be one of the 17 '' bs . 
   if a chick throws herself at you looking to fuck , what 's so unmgtow about fucking her and moving on ? 
  then i suggest you learn to read , because that 's what i said . 
  fuck someone if you feel like it , but do n't go on a hunt to be `` alpha '' because that 's still gynocentric . 
   because you sound like one, 
  here we go again ... 
  i 've read stories in this sub that suggested that your female relatives are just as bad as your exes . 
  lots of men die completely alone because their female relatives could n't even bother . 
  so why should i bother ? 
  i have nothing to gain for playing a lapdog for my sister , and being the cunt she is , she wo n't accept any other role from anyone . 
  she 's so toxic that if i had to live with her i 'd probably get cancer in a year ... 
  pinging u/ovendice so he can defend himself from this cuck, 
  what 's wrong with misogyny ? 
  is n't cuckonymous supposed to hate on trump and love hitlary cause vagina ?
