  however , if i wish to keep my own name i can do so \\ . 
  should my husband feel the sting of this insult i can simply call him a sexist for it . 
  people will help me more when i 'm in need and i will receive no social penalty or stigma for it . 
  when i 'm on a date things will be paid for me . 
  when i search for employment i can choose jobs which i think are fulfilling without concern of whether they provide a `` family '' wage . 
  i can discriminate against the opposite sex ruthlessly without social penalty . 
  if i marry and quit my job and enjoy a leisurely life with light housework and then later divorce i will be given half of the marital assets . 
  if i commit a crime and am convicted i will get a sentencing `` discount '' because of my gender \\ . 
  if i am very pretty it will increase my discount . 
  if i am a partner in crime with a man i will likely be charged with lesser crimes even though i committed the same crimes even if i was the ringleader . 
  i have the option to be outraged if my husband asks me if my behavior is due to pms and later on use pms as a successful legal defense for murdering that same husband . 
  at age 18 i will not be forced to register for selective service and will not be penalized for failing to do so . 
  at a time of war i will never be drafted and ripped from my employment , home , and family and forced to become a military slave . 
  my feelings are more important than men 's lives \\ . 
  every precaution will be made to protect me from harassment at work \\ . 
  however , males will make up nearly % 100 of workplace fatalities . 
  my gender controls 80 % of domestic spending \\ . 
  we get to spend our money if we have any and we get to spend men 's money . 
  the majority of luxury apparel is designed , marketed to , and consumed by women . 
  seven times as much jewelry will be purchased by or for me than by or for men . 
  i have a department of women 's health whereas men have no such department . 
  my gender enjoys more government spending on health than males do . 
  my gender consumes the lioness ' share of entitlement programs while men contribute the lion 's share of taxes . 
  if i rape or molest a child i can expect lighter treatment in court and afterwards receive less social stigma \\ . 
  what 's more , should i become pregnant , i can sue my victim for child support when he finally turns 18 . 
  when i divorce my husband i will be guaranteed custody of my children unless i am deemed to be unfit \\ . 
  even if my husband is `` parent of the year '' 10 years running it is unlikely he will get custody over me even if i am a mediocre parent . 
  when i divorce i can use false accusations of domestic violence , sexual molestation of the children or abuse of the children to gain advantage during court proceedings \\ . 
  if i am found out to be a liar i can expect to get away with it . 
  if a man calls me a slut it will probably hurt his reputation more than it hurts mine , but at any rate the damage will be small and localized \\ . 
  however , if i call him a child molester or claim that he raped me i can destroy him completely and the damage may be nationwide . 
  if i fail at my career i can blame the male dominated society . 
  i may have the luxury of staying home and being a housewife but if my sister 's husband does the same thing i 'm likely to call him a deadbeat loser and tell her to leave him . 
  if i `` choose '' to join the military ; the best military occupations providing the most lucrative civilian training will be reserved for me \\ . 
  i will be kept away from the fighting as much as possible to the point that i will be thirty times less likely to be killed in a war zone than my male counterparts \\ . 
  i will be given equal pay for less risk \\ . 
  i will never have to consider the fact that by joining the military and getting a plumb assignment i automatically forced a male out of that position and into a combat role that may cost him his life . 
  if a male soldier injures himself before a deployment he can be arrested and court marshaled for it \\ . 
  if i deliberately get pregnant before a deployment or even during a deployment i will be reassigned and or taken out of a war zone and i will receive no penalty for it . 
  my gender watches more television in every hour of every day than any other group \\ . 
  this along with the fact that women control % 80 of domestic spending means that most television shows and advertisement are designed to appeal to me . 
  i can wear masculine clothing if it pleases me however men can not wear feminine clothing without social penalty . 
  not only is there a wealth of clothing choices designed for me but it is likely that i will be able to afford or have them provided for me . 
  i can claim that a wage gap exists and that it is the fault of sexism while simultaneously seeking employment without considering income as a priority \\ . 
  i will probably choose my job based on satisfaction , flexibility of hours , and working conditions and then expect to make as much as the males working nights , out in the rain and cold or working overtime . 
  i can be bigoted or sexist against males without social penalty . 
  if i make a false claim of rape against a male in an act of revenge or in order to cover up my own scandalous behavior i may well succeed at both and he may spend years in prison \\ . 
  if i am found out it is unlikely i will be charged , convicted , or serve any time at all . 
  if i abuse my husband and physically assault him and the police arrive it is almost guaranteed he will go to jail . 
  if i am in an abusive relationship there are a multitude of social organizations to help me get away from him \\ . 
  there are few for men in the same position even though women initiate the majority of dv and even though men are hospitalized % 30 of the time . 
  in the event of a natural disaster or other emergency that requires evacuation i can expect to be evacuated before males \\ . 
  this includes male doctors , humanitarians , politicians , captains of industry , billionaires , and religious leaders \\ . 
  i will receive no social penalty if all of those people died because i was evacuated first \\ . 
  however , should they manage to get evacuated before women and those women died they will all suffer a social penalty . 
  if someone is attacking a person on the street i have no obligation to assist them and i will receive no social penalty if i do nothing . 
  if someone is harming my children and i run away and ask someone else to help i will receive no social penalty for my cowardice . 
  i 'm immune to cognitive dissonance . 
  i may denounce the concept of a dowry , however , i still expect a man to give me an engagement ring when he asks me to marry him . 
  i expect a man to ask me to marry me and suffer the potential risk of rejection . 
  if i lie it 's because i 'm a victim of a male dominated society forced into difficult circumstances and not because i 'm a bad person . 
  part 2 :, 
  if my boyfriend sabotages a condom he can pay me child support for the next 20 years \\ . 
  if i secretly do n't take my birth control my boyfriend can pay me child support for the next 20 years . 
  if i 'm uncomfortable exercising around men i can demand a female only gym be made for women \\ . 
  if any male only gyms exist i can demand membership under threat of lawsuit . 
  if my female only gym at the university decides to close early for safety reasons i can scream sexism and force them to keep it open as long as the main gym . 
  if i succeed at keeping the female gym open and i leave late at night and i do n't feel safe i can demand that the university spend hundreds of thousands of dollars for more lighting and police presence . 
  if after getting new lighting and police protection i decide i do n't want to go to the gym anymore well that 's just my prerogative . 
  i 'm likely to believe that if a woman is intoxicated she is not capable of giving consent and if sex occurs it is rape \\ . 
  however , if her male partner is also intoxicated he is capable of consenting . 
  if a man is promoted over me at work i have a right to suspect sexism even though i also believe that under adverse circumstances men are more capable than women of making good decisions \\ . 
  ( see # 55 ), 
  i can cry and get my husband to do something for me that he might not have done otherwise . 
  i expect people ( especially men ) to be sensitive to my feelings . 
  i can deny a man 's feelings or disregard them or ridicule him for having them without social penalty . 
  if i lose my job it 's because of sexism or the economy \\ . 
  if a man loses his job it 's because he 's a loser . 
  if i go to a club or bar with my girlfriends and i look my sexy best i have a right to be perturbed when men approach me and hit on me in this public place . 
  even though men die more from prostate cancer than women die from breast cancer i can expect that twice as much funding is given for breast cancer \\ . 
  the same will apply to any female specific disease or malady . 
  if for some reason i do not get custody of my children i will be expected to pay less child support than another man in my exact same position . 
  if i kidnap my children and i am eventually caught i can successfully defend myself by claiming i was protecting them from my husband -- even if my children were given to him to protect them from me . 
  my gender makes up % 53 of the voting population yet when i see more men in political office i will call that sexism . 
  if i am married with children and i want to stay home with the kids i 'm likely to blame my husband for not making enough to allow me to do that . 
  i think it is my right to work and i am unconcerned if the influx of women into the workforce has reduced overall wages to the point that it 's hard to support a family on just one income , or affirmative action has kept men from being promoted even though they deserved it . 
  i can get student financial aid without signing up for selective service ( the draft ) . 
  i can get employment with a federal agency without signing up for selective service . 
  restrooms for my gender will be cleaner and are more likely to have flowers or other decorations . 
  if i 'm caring for a child restrooms for my gender will more likely have a changing table for my convenience . 
  people i 've never met before are more likely to open doors for me . 
  people i 've never met before are more likely to talk to me in public . 
  if i go to a bar i can expect that members of the opposite sex will purchase drinks for me . 
  anytime i find an organization just for men i can denounce it as sexism . 
  i believe that women should have organizations just for women . 
  if i meet a man that i like and i give him my phone number and he does n't call i have a right to think of him as an asshole . 
  if i meet a man that i like and i give him my phone number and he calls me i have a right to blow him off or act like i do n't know him . 
  i believe i have a right to live in an orderly and safe society but i feel no obligation to risk my safety to secure or maintain that society . 
  i like it when bars and clubs have drinks specials just for women . 
  i think that organizations that offer any discounts or privileges just for men is a clear sign of sexism .
