  they know . 
  i 'm not sure if this movie is worth tpb ` ing tho . 
   young uneducated females, 
  well , they 're the attractive ones ... 
   because they are benefitting from it . 
  you hit the nail on the head . 
   it 's not our job to try and save men from their own choices . 
  it 's our `` job '' to save those who 're willing to be saved , not those who are n't , just like in the matrix movie, 
   now , we can just enjoy the rest of our lives going our own way . 
  that 's my plan too , 
   if people want to try and reform our laws or fix modern society . . go for it !, 
  [ but that wo n't be the mrm ] ( https://imgur.com/h6w4vhe ), 
   would n't really say it 's `` our job '' to try and save other men . 
  me neither , that 's why i used quotation marks , 
  wtf is wrong with archive.is, 
  tedx is full of cultural marxism these days, 
  obligatory mention of r/swedenyes, 
  op has been saying random bs for a very long time ... 
  the thirst is real, 
  and when you seem to find it it 's just a female chameleon playing to trap you, 
  ouch . 
  and both your candidates are puppets of the corporate elite, 
  and if you want to be left alone that 's exactly how you should seem, 
  men built society and women will ruin it . 
  if you want to spread your genes you should find a surrogate mother in a place where it 's legal and well regulated . 
  as of adoption , i 'm sure it 's near impossible all over the world because you 'll be considered a pedophile before saying another word ... 
  [ / pol / was right again ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lena_dunham#early_life ), 
  you should 've creep shamed her for sitting next to you, 
  same is true about eastern european women, 
  why the fuck are you posting this anti-mgtow bitch in a mgtow space as she was the queen of the internet ? 
  because it 's illegal here and i do n't yet have the money to travel abroad and have it done there . 
  still cheaper than child support and paternity fraud, 
  kek, 
  overage children . 
  condoms break and sperm jackers exist, 
  http://hvg.hu/itthon/20140128_mar_a_sterilizacio_sem_maganugy ( non-hungarians : please use google translate ), 
  that was a based article before roosh and rok went full bluepill for money, 
   almost never, 
  almost, 
   sperm-jackers are powerless without a name, 
  not if she can get the police believe you raped her , because then your name is not needed to catch you, 
  too expensive . 
  i 'd rather buy a house, 
  1 in millions that actually works, 
  ca n't wait till her victim loses weight and will be satisfied with her life , while this bitch hits the wall and will cry in the media day after day . 
  look for answers in r/seduction and r/theredpill, 
  top kek, 
  no idea, 
  suicide among middle-aged women is rising sharply ... the wall ? 
  i hope you wo n't get unlucky once, 
  antifeminists are n't our allies, 
  bloopers blaming the victims again just to save roasties they 'll never fuck, 
  i hate all mainstream `` music '' :d, 
  someone pls ping me when it 's available on tpb, 
  tfm does n't get it either . 
  it 's not either cultural marxism or female nature , ** it 's both !, 
  the alpha bucks meme is just that , a meme . 
   i for one do n't like the idea of having to validate the woman 's ego, 
  it 's not an ego validation if you pay for her services, 
   i believe mgtow makes a stronger statement if we ignored them entirely . 
  mgtow is not about changing society , it 's about saving yourself and a few other men who 're willing to listen . 
  if society happens to change thanks to us ( i do n't think it will ) , then even better . 
   if won at all , it 's a pyrrhic victory . 
  this . 
   bcause those guys would rather spend their time with their gfs instead of lifting with him, 
  you should improve your reading comprehension a bit ... for reasons see op 's answer, 
  af/bb is , ab is n't . 
  ab does n't exist . 
   similar, 
  indeed , but not the same . 
  the west 's problems are caused by female nature and cultural marxism combined . 
  you would guess , but whores do n't do it for the ego boost , they do it for the money , especially because most of their clients are disgusting to them . 
  it 's a common misconception and a false goal at r/theredpill but it 's not possible in the eyes of the female half of our species because if you have resources you 'll automatically be considered bb but if you lack those you are either af or os ( omega sucks ), 
  record everything and call the police to have her removed . 
  a restraining order also helps ... 
  / thread, 
  you almost fell prey to a female chameleon , the most dangerous of all women . 
  if i were you i 'd look for a new job pretty fast because it 's the better alternative if she gets you fired ... 
  u/theschmoozer do n't let yourself bullied into marriage by anyone, 
  meanwhile atheists are the most suspectible to blue pill, 
  she sounds like a borderline to me, 
  got ta love greentexts, 
  i 'm not talking about the belief system , i 'm talking about its followers . 
  religious men are red pill to some degree ( while being a slave to gynocentrism ) but atheists have no idea about female nature ** at all ** . 
  * groundwork for the metaphysics of mgtow * made a fantastic video about this . 
  the alt-right and mgtow could be compatible if both parties realized that cultural marxism and female nature are both at fault for the west 's problems . 
  realize how your oneitis was born ( the feeling , not the girl ) and repeat the same process with another woman until the two oneitises are equal in strength , then stop feeding both and let them starve to death . 
  worked for me years ago . 
  the majority , yes . 
  most atheists i know have changed from god * worship to female worship . 
  ( * god of any religion ), 
  most of the people i know are atheists , meanwhile i consider myself to be irreligious . 
  i pinged you so you know you 're not alone with this . 
  i ca n't do it there because they 've autobanned most of us for commenting here ( probably you , too , by now ) . 
  mgtow = men going their own way , with the meaning that we refuse to let society dictate our life script ( getting married , being a wage slave for a family etc. ), 
  but apart from that this group is as diverse as it gets . 
  the sub itself could be described as a support group for men with women problems ... not in the pickup sense , but things like post-divorce , false allegations , dodging the crazy ones etc. 
  because most guys do n't know anything about russia except it 's not like the western world . 
  top kek, 
  trump does n't want to trigger ww3 in syria unlike hitlary who 'd 've done that by setting up an illegal no-fly zone ... also fuck off , not having that bitch as usa president has saved the ass of most of us europeans because there 'll be no nuclear fireworks,
