  i do n't think so . 
  even as some of those guys have since `` distanced themselves '' from the label and came here instead ... 
  nope :p, 
  who the fuck gives a shit about those blue pilled faggots ? 
  topkek, 
  some mgtow read trp as well , while some of them ignore the game posts . 
   eastern europe, 
  as far as hungary is concerned , women are the same here just a bit more covert in their ways , easily fooling westerners . 
  i do n't know , maybe romania or ukraine is different but to be honest that 's not what i 've heard . 
   another way to break up is to pretend to be more beta to the point where they lose interest . 
  be needy and over eager for a relationship . 
  they 'll next you quickly . 
  that soon will count as `` rape by deception '' so be careful with it, 
  \\  government, 
  \\  foresight, 
  kek, 
  they must smell like a biological weapon ... 
  it 's indeed not a competition , we 're the two closest factions of the manosphere . 
  mgtow does n't care about globalism vs anti-globalism as a whole ... 
  mfw some guys are so thirsty they 'll even go for obvious traps ... 
  so they wan na make mgtow illegal eventually ? 
  over my dead body perhaps . 
  thread got nuked by the mods, 
  got ta take the bait ... 
  do you get erections from porn ? 
  if so then there 's your problem . 
  this bot is fucking awesome and should be on all posts , 
   is i have never seen a mgtower try and sell something, 
  sandman ? 
  spoiler : the video makes fun of the recent accusations of mgtow being a cult, 
  as far as the doxxing accusations go , i 've never seen any proof of the threats , not even after googling around ... 
   he asks for donations, 
  that 's enough for me to classify a youtuber as suspicious ... 
  mgtow is still not a movement , it 's an idea . 
  dafuq did i just read, 
  lol did n't notice that , but then i was right in time before post archival ... 
  i used to feel like this , but then i remember that she 's just manipulating him into commitment ... 
  he 's right below you , 
  topkek, 
  they 'll rape our women !!, 
  lack of sex is even more powerful, 
  he was warned and still chose this ? 
  he deserves it then . 
  but it only works if you 're clueless about it , because knowing means you have means of defense , 
  you ca n't really be not upfront about it on the internet , not even if someone 's trying to do a `` sales job '', 
   quick, 
  simps are more and more numerous day by day ... 
   fashion, 
  not for me . 
  i wear metal shirts/hoodies , black jeans ( camo planned ) and trainers/boots depending on weather/mood . 
  you underestimate the manipulative powers women have over the average man ... even the iron rule of islam is melting away in [ pakistan ] ( https://www.rt.com/news/336025-pakistan-womens-law-unislamic/ ) ... 
  i do n't condone dv of course , but the situation makes one think ... 
  i used to make random shit out of wood planks as a child . 
  as i got older my stuff got better , and my last piece of `` art '' was a triangular table which i put an old computer on . 
  it looks like shit of course :d ( so no pics ) but making it was fun as hell and is stronger than i expected . 
  so , not in an ikea way ( cause that 's too easy ) but yeah . 
  i also wan na do that later in life ... 
  i do n't think there 's such thing as too early when it comes to mgtow ... just keep your mouth shut about it irl, 
  he can still get falsely accused of rape ... 
  that sounds like a bug to me ... 
  r/softwaregore ? 
   some of them really are after equal rights and nothing else, 
  [ lol nope ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/theredpill/comments/3744qo/dear_moderate_feminists_you_dont_exist/ ), 
  true , but most of us did n't have ltrs with other men , did n't get divorce raped by them , do n't have to pay child support ( lol ) , no false rape accusations , no brainwashing about them being perfect and always innocent no matter what ... ** all that shit happens with women **, 
  we have a winner here, 
   i firmly believe you ca n't truly be mgtow , or at least appreciate it fully , without having adequate experience with women and fulfilling your sexual desires . 
  i stopped reading your nonsense right there . 
  this stupidity needs to stop , because the next time you could just go like :, 
  \\ - you ca n't be a tr00 mgtow if you have n't been divorce raped !!, 
  \\ - you ca n't be a tr00 mgtow if not in jail ( and raped in the ass there ) for false rape accusations !!!!!, 
  \\ - you ca n't be a tr00 mgtow if you were n't on the edge of suicide cause of a manipulative bitch !!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  \\ - you ca n't be a tr00 mgtow if you did n't fuck at least a hundred women !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 44444 !, 
  you can abstain from things without ever trying them because you know they 're bad for you . 
  for example , i 've never smoked and never will cause i know it 'd be bad for me ( and it smells like shit anyway ) . 
  or only those should avoid smoking who already have lung cancer ? 
  for full disclosure : i 've been in an ltr for 3 years and it works for me the way it is now , but i 'm ready to leave if it comes to that ( either by her cheating or by wanting to trap me ) . 
  you live your live however the fuck you want but you do n't have the right to push a reckless lifestyle on others who do n't want any of it . 
  maybe mgtow is n't for you . 
  you 're not giving your opinion , you 're forcing shit down on someone else 's throat . 
  you know , there 're lots of young guys just lurking and seeking guidance from us . 
  who the fuck do you think you are to send them in harm 's way without fair warning ? 
  and what 's next ? 
  telling them to hunt for unicorns ( nawalt ) ? 
  or whining about mgtow being a cult ? 
  then go ahead , distance yourself from us and talk shit about us like niko choski did after getting called out by others on youtube . 
  he 's been whoring himself on trp for donations since then . 
   what is she doing to deserve 40 % of his salary, 
  she 's a strong independent woman you silly !, 
  the fuck did i just read ? 
  on the other hand : good . 
  maybe with bs `` jobs '' like this they 'll stop forcing men out of actual jobs via quotas and false allegations ( but i would n't put my money on that ), 
   do some actual research about feminism so they can talk about the real issues, 
  nah , they ca n't get popular on the internet with that ... 
   downvote , report and move on, 
  ftfy, 
   do n't do anything in life because you might get accused of rape, 
  what a huge ass strawman you just threw my way ... 
  shut it down, 
  well look at that , another hungarian on this sub , 
  the butthurt is strong in this one ( and not the way she 'd like ) ...
