  what a coincidence ... 
   or is deliberately downplaying female hypergamy , 80/20 , and the cock-carousel in an effort to defend female sexual strategy . 
  what else could be expected from women ? 
  most of these `` reasons '' are hamstering for loss of sexual attraction and `` cash in time '', 
   i am a girl, 
  i should have stopped reading right there but let 's go on ... also , * sour grapes * ca n't be not noticed throughout your whole post . 
  a nice example of awalt nonetheless, 
   i suppose once you have a confidence of a rock star , you do n't feel the need to show off that you are able to get a super hot teen babe, 
  they do n't need to show off because they can ( and some do ) get one like that at any time they want , and everyone knows that, 
   guys are much more likely to want to hang out with you than if you are a cute baby who has n't got a clue, 
  it 's not a gendered thing , not even a subculture thing . 
  almost everyone prefers people who they can relate to ( chameleons are an exception and to be avoided at all costs ) . 
  and maybe they just tried to be nice , 
   i 'm an alpha , therefore i only date nines ; if i ever dated a seven my penis would shrink, 
  pure projection on your part , only women think like this ( and will be resentful in their marriages because their hubby is not like chad thundercock ), 
   definitely `` lifting '' is not the main thing in their lives, 
  lifting is n't the only thing that can keep you in shape, 
   most of them have some kind of fashion/style sense and do care about their image, 
  trp emphasizes those things too from time to time , at least they used to, 
   almost all musicians i know have pretty feminist views . 
  and it 's not just talking , loads of them devote their time and resources to some causes related to feminism, 
  and the ones i know are `` misogynistic '' by american standards ( pretty normal here at the eastern half of eu ) , so what ? 
   but once i explained i 'm not interested in sex outside of a relationship , it was met with a complete understanding, 
  abundance mentality in a nutshell, 
   and wo n't talk to you for months if anything of the sort happens, 
  since these guys do n't have hundreds of women throwing themselves at them every night they do n't want to waste their time with you, 
   they tried really hard to make the relationship work . 
  not once did either of them try to dominate or belittle me . 
  they talked about feelings a lot and one of them actually wanted to get married . 
  i kinda have an idea why these did n't really work out ... 
   well , guess what - i am not . 
  if that was the case you would n't 've written this, 
   with genuine hostility, 
  how do you know it 's genuine hostility and not just edginess for edginess ' sake ? 
  ever thought about not talking from such a high horse ? 
  that way your ego would n't hurt as much after falling to the ground . 
  you also would n't need to resort to stereotypical responses to try to save face and to preserve your ego . 
  and this is exactly why mgtow is superior to trp . 
  unlike trp we actually urge you to put yourself first and stop monkey dancing for women . 
   how do you define self worth without any form of competition ? 
  how about self-actualization ? 
  reaching your goals ? 
  for example , my dream is to get a house and a passive income , and from that point on retire and live alone with minimal interaction with society . 
  i know it 's just me but i never bought into this social animal bs ( i do n't even like spending time with people ), 
   because rp teaches that if you are masculine `` enough '' she wo n't want to branch-swing and she wo n't want to cheat . 
  and then things like brad pitt getting divorced fly in their faces, 
   making a claim without any evidence or source, 
  nope , i called out a system-wide lie before getting it presented as `` evidence '' . 
  you know , a kind of * inb4 *, 
  sure , i have zero desire to keep up with the johns . 
  i already have short and medium term plans that will help me achieve maximum independence . 
  i also do n't want to seem successful because it provides almost no benefits for me , mostly drawbacks that threaten my future way of life . 
  i would n't comment awalt if you did n't give me a good reason to do so . 
  also , it shows that you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  metalheads are as diverse politically as any other group . 
  apart from that , if the music is great then who fuckin ' cares ? 
  check out mgtowpanic.com or any mens rights group, 
  that 'll be the moment when i move to russia . 
   i 'm sadder than an sjw in saudi arabia, 
  lol, 
  \\  google 's parent company is called alphabet inc. 
  are called alphabet agencies, 
  i think not !, 
  check out [ this book ] ( https://www.amazon.com/predatory-female-dating-marriage-divorce-industry/dp/0961593806 ) for example, 
   `` cash in time '' ( whatever the fuck that is ), 
  it 's also called divorce rape, 
  \\  and citing this as an example, 
  \\  you throwing strawmen around like there 's no tomorrow, 
  kek, 
  \\  former divorce attorney, 
  sure , and i 'm vladimir putin personally, 
   strangers here are more hostile than i have ever even close to experienced from any group irl, 
  as you said , this is the internet , 
   how this guy is still alive and breathing, 
  that 's something r/whereisassange tries to find out, 
  you have n't even read the amazon page , have you ? 
  if have you would n't say such bullcrap, 
   do you think it 's rational to compare believing you are vladimir putin to me being a former divorce attorney ? 
  it 's just as likely , 
  both the bitterness and the * red pill rage * ( a.k.a. 
  the anger phase ) are temporary and are caused by a whole lifetime of being lied to . 
  as of the subreddit , it 's both support group-like and is mostly filtered to be about women because we talk about everything else in entirely different communities , most outside reddit . 
   it was your argument tactic , and a poor one . 
  i do n't have the slightest idea what you 're talking about now , i hope you do . 
   i can assure you , i am a former divorce attorney . 
  [ mrw ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/2013/06/i-dont-believe-you.gif ), 
  i do n't take anything at face value over the internet , because most of the time it does n't really matter if their attitude is real or not . 
  some people are particularly nasty online because they can blow off some steam this way . 
  how can an australian be under american gag order legally ? 
   downvotesdetected -7 points, 
   now i can not get her off my head , even dreamt about her, 
  the last time i had a oneitis was when i already knew how i acquired it , so i went on and replicated the process artificially with another woman but stopped when the two feels were at the same strength , then both died off after a while . 
  that was years ago , and i consider myself permanently cured , 
   a self-help book, 
  so you do n't know what you 're talking about , 
   i would be wary about getting into any legal debates with me though , because you will lose . 
  is that a threat ? 
  ever heard of clickbait titles ? 
  apart from that , it says what most mgtow do : only date if you ca n't help it , but otherwise it 's heavily discouraged ... 
  is it * literally * a fact ?
