  it 's funny because lesbians love that brand more than men ... 
  meanwhile r/conspiracy proves again that this site is full of shillaries ... 
   she wants us to move together by the summer and marry me as soon as possible, 
  that 's a red flag alright ... 
   i find it emotionally taxing and feel emotionally blackmailed afterwards, 
  because that 's what it is : emotional blackmailing . 
  another red flag . 
   i 'm also slowly losing my own identity, 
  sounds like the classic symptom of gaslighting ... 
   i 'm still deeply in love with her, 
  that means you 're still high on hormones , and she has already started damaging your willpower and self-confidence ... 
  spend more time alone , but do n't think about her constantly . 
  do your hobbies , spend time with friends , even find someone else to know that your current bitch is nothing special : none of them are . 
  you can also trigger hypergamy to your own advantage : going full beta and venting feels all the time will turn her off fast , and probably end this relationship pretty quick . 
  it also helps preventing an ego-based revenge from her . 
   what do you do with all that free time ? 
  ** whatever the hell i want . 
  ** not what a wife/ltr would push me to do . 
  some murrican cunt tried to trick me in a similar way once . 
  at first she promised coming over , and after a while that changed to `` she only comes if i pay her trip '' and later `` i have to come '' ( to the usa ? 
  no way ! ), 
  she was batshit crazy anyway ( had no idea about red flags back then but there were plenty ) but at least she masturbated live on cam for free ... ( no names cause fuck doxxing ), 
  toppest of keks, 
  from wikipedia :, 
   gaslighting or gas-lighting is a form of mental abuse in which information is twisted or spun , selectively omitted to favor the abuser , or false information is presented with the intent of ** making victims doubt their own memory , perception , and sanity . 
  in my interpretation and personal experience ( i had my fair share and do n't want to talk about it now ) that fits the situation . 
  to make it short :, 
   gaslighting = emotional blackmailing + identity loss, 
  i agree with you ( video is not mine ) . 
  do you even paragraphs , bro ? 
  exactly one , i orbited her for years back in my blue pill days . 
  she was completely average looking even back then ( and far from my type ) , she was still the biggest oneitis i 've ever had . 
  oh , and ca n't fucking wait till more complaints about the nonexistent pay gap arrive ... 
  set up a trap and get her fired , maybe even imprisoned, 
  in my interpretation she manipulated him into drinking so there it goes ... 
  not our problem , is it ? 
  god damn it i could fuck at least 125 prostitutes for that money ... 
  dem motherfucking white knights, 
  sure . 
  yep, 
  start learning something else then . 
  this sub does n't have the automoderator and only it can do subreddit shadowbanning effectively . 
  that would explain why i never was with a `` proper woman '' ... 
  i 'm cheap as fuck :d, 
  prostitution is legal here ( hungary ) but they have so low social status you 'll be shamed eternally if someone finds out you 've been with one . 
  that 's enough to keep most men away from them and waste everything on women instead . 
   what 's your point ? 
  legalizing prostitution wo n't change a damn thing in society . 
  my guess would be it 's `` shameful '' everywhere, 
  you 're preaching to the `` choir '' here , man , what you said is trivial around here . 
  so , she seems perfect , defying what we talk about here ? 
  it 's because you 've met a female chameleon , a dangerous predator . 
  you do what you want to do but be on alert for red flags . 
  also , you 're already high on hormones and possibly starting to have oneitis ... 
  some american mgtow think that it 'll fundamentally change everything and give men back some power ... it wo n't . 
  and you just proved how mgtow is n't another conspiracy by the `` evil jewish elite '' ( like some white nationalists think ) because they ( the elite ) love money above everything else . 
  also , the stereotypical jews ( the greedy ones ) would n't like us or mgtow very much because we decrease their profits hard ... 
  extreme daddy issues would be my two cents ... 
  mayhem 's deconsecrate , it was put on a magazine 's compilation album . 
  that ai n't no good to them , cause less servants and shit, 
  methinks canadian mgtow is n't really liked around here ... 
  one : post wall used up slut ? 
  check . 
  the other : single mother ? 
  check . 
  i do n't have any more questions . 
  i 'm sure sandman will do it for a couple of bucks ... :p, 
  if you want something cheaper , you should check out what text-to-speech software your computer has ( or can be installed ) . 
  how the fuck did you even get a captcha on here ? 
  i 'm mgtow and that 's my usual lie if someone asks me this question . 
  it 's very good at deflecting blue pillers who would otherwise go batshit crazy if found out about my mentality . 
  dunno but most things i can think of are already handled by u/automoderator but the mods do n't use it for whatever reason . 
  but lol 'd @ your testing ground post, 
  why so concerned ? 
  lolololololol what a sign that would have been ... 
  orgasm and ejaculation are n't the same thing ... 
  even if the label gets perverted you can still stay faithful to yourself . 
  also , when paul elam tried to claim the label for himself he was kicked the fuck out . 
   i need instant ( or at least short term ) gratification to maintain my happiness . 
  that might be an indicator of a cluster b personality disorder ... 
  over here you ca n't even use a computer during coding exams ... 
  b a s e d, 
   i 'm moving out as soon as possible, 
  good choice . 
  the roman empire was the same way before its collapse, 
   biological truths, 
  and sjws use `` biotruther '' as some kind of insult now ... 
  except when it 's not . 
   armored, 
  lol white knight, 
  sandman 's gon na scream with joy, 
  probably the usual , i.e. 
  immediate branch swinging, 
  i find her funny in her videos but definitely could n't stand someone like that irl ... 
  one of the opposition parties was handing out flowers this morning ( easily identifiable by their logo on their jacket ) . 
  i found the desperation funny as hell . 
   or i am missing some integral part of the marriage dynamic, 
  yeah , it 's called divorce rape, 
  or just commit emotional blackmailing ( like are you cheating on me ??? 
  while doing it herself ),
