  also * wow , such independent . 
  1 ) sometimes i feel some posts are actually for outsiders and justifying the legitimacy of this sub, 
  2 ) these pseudo-alphas most likely have n't read rollo 's book , as he talks about exactly this ( search for `` defining alpha '' ), 
   i know he masturbates every night, 
  fapping does kill lust , somehow get him to do it more infrequently , even to stop . 
  somehow i expected this . 
  you need to stand up for yourself , tell him what 's up . 
  tell him you need to be satisfied , you 're getting nothing and if he wo n't give it to you then you 'll leave . 
  or simply go no-contact for a while ( a few weeks ) . 
  if he 's not trying his best when you return or breaks up/cheats then you 're better off w/o him anyway . 
  / u/avast2006 is right too . 
  it depends on the frequency of one . 
  doing it every day/night almost kills my sex drive after a while and i do n't even want to do anything for a few days . 
  doing it less often and stopping completely from time to time makes wonders , though . 
  / r/mensrights will be passed soon . 
   where you can ask any blue pill misconception, 
  i 'd say that 's what / r/asktrp is for . 
  i interpreted * bp misconception * as irl examples , like `` is this bluepill ? '' . 
  for theory it might be ok to land here . 
  mods can give the authoritative answer , though . 
  craving of approval is much broader than reddit , just look at anything [ web2 .0 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/web_2.0 ) . 
  sites like facebook , youtube , twitter , countless humor sites ( spreading like a virus ) , all attract people longing for validation . 
  i 've seen it everywhere . 
  might be a newbie for reddit but have been around on the internet for almost a decade and 've seen a lot of things . 
  the only thing that has changed is the user base as the internet is no longer a `` loser '' - only playground . 
  it should be a warning for you . 
  a warning that your country might become as fucked up ( in this aspect ) as the usa ( or sweden ) . 
  if the collapse does happen , it will be a huge red flag for others . 
  and when that happens , there 'll be a good chance of feminism dying , at least for a few generations . 
  it has happened before , [ multiple times ] ( http://www.the-spearhead.com/2009/12/21/patriarchy-works-ii ) . 
  safe space means safe from women . 
  where i live feminism barely has a foothold , and the current government is against neoliberal principles ( in speech the `` declining west '' ) . 
  the governing party even shut down the implementation of the istanbul convention . 
  he never said this is * the only * reason why societies collapsed . 
  what sucks more for these husbands is that probably this is the only fuck they get each month . 
  duty sex . 
  just no . 
  these girls are ugly , hairy and entitled most of the time as they 're constantly surrounded by orbiters ( 5 % of students are female on average ) . 
  i 've seen it with my own eyes for 4 years . 
  * `` zomg im a developer guuurl come and adore mee am i not perfeeect ?? 
  i 'm in the field and have met two types of women . 
  one ( the majority ) is like in the article , and since most guys have no contact with women whatsoever , they fall for this . 
  i 've also met the other kind , who do their fucking jobs , are good at it , and they never even mention they 're female nor use the fact for advantage . 
  the latter usually have my deepest respect ( just like great male devs ) , the others i avoid like hellfire . 
  you 're right , our fathers did n't have the internet . 
  we do . 
  `` oldfagging '' might make you sound cool but it 's not constructive . 
  we live in entirely different times , either adapt or die out , just like with evolution ( this is just artifical ) . 
  you can not go back , trust can never be repaired . 
  push forward , use the burning anger to your advantage , then become the best possible yourself . 
  welcome here !, 
  they might or might not exist ( hence the name unicorn ) , probably are not as pretty as the ones you 're chasing , and even if they are they 're probably with much higher quality guys . 
  do you deserve such a girl ? 
  you wo n't be with one until you do . 
  be the best yourself possible , be someone who 's both sex and relationship material ( mostly alpha with a tiny hint of beta ) and learn to filter girls according to your needs . 
  go read the sidebar if you have n't already , most of your probably questions are answered there . 
  not if you turn beta in the middle , essentially lying about yourself in the first half and betraying them ... at least that 's how they perceive it . 
  if your girlfriend eats so much that her weight becomes triple of hers when you first met , you 'll feel the same way . 
  entitlement also plays a huge role . 
  leaving the nest happens in modern society too ( when you go to work ) unless you 're a stay-at-home dad . 
  you can still stay alpha and be respected by your family , turning beta will just ruin everything . 
  if you read the stories here you 'll realize the guys becoming victims are mostly beta . 
  it 's up to everyone if they wan na marry and/or have kids . 
  some of the bigger names here are happily married , others would die instead . 
  the two biggest nos to marriage are divorce rape and cuckolding , even the combination of them . 
  if you 're already married when you find rp then up your game , otherwise i say never go that route in the first place , too much to risk and ( almost ) nothing to gain . 
  raising children is not beta . 
  being a doormat to your wife is . 
  the problem also is n't less tingles , it 's tingles not made by you . 
  and then we 'll have another unhappy alpha widow . 
  i 'm voting for the italian band [ bulldozer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7aibrqqmkd0 ) if i 'm to collide this sub with metal . 
  you have to read ** toxic parents ** by susan forward if you have n't already . 
  to us with a shitty upbringing it 's more helpful and important than anything in this sub ( not meaning you should n't be here , it 's just like cancer removal compared to aspirin ) . 
  no more mr nice guy barely scratches the surface in this matter . 
  you should ask this in / r/asktrp because that 's what that sub is for . 
  you 're clearly getting oneitis , which means you 'll have to distance yourself from her , let her be `` helped '' by the other guys . 
  `` do n't shit where you eat '' applies as well . 
  yes , for a while . 
  then it gets accepted , will be used by many , which will make males consist of alpha and omega only , no beta . 
  women will be fucked from that point . 
  maybe lobbying could help us too . 
  do n't know about much of the inner workings of the usa political system ( not from there ) , but as i heard that 's how things get `` done '' . 
  nope , the 2 wws are what brought us here in the first place . 
  the pussypass is stronger than ever , but feminism started to [ decline ] ( http://www.latimes.com/opinion/opinion-la/la-ol-top-10-feminist-fiascoes-of-2014-20141219-story.html#page=1 ) last year . 
  at first , just let them destroy themselves ( like sweden is right now ) . 
  what you say happened because they have infected almost everything ... and that 's what mras should do as well . 
  pump some money into lobbying , get positions in schools , journalism , law etc. 
  when the time comes , they could just counter-attack , this time using both facts and appeal to emotions . 
  here most people do n't think of `` the west '' as friends and are longing for the times behind the iron curtain , and the leading party has done a lot to make that happen again . 
  i 'm sorry about the usa because they are/were the primary developing ground of it , but their demise will be a fine warning for the rest of us ( along with sweden ) . 
  i had no idea abut france though , i thought it 's a feminist heaven too . 
  we call them unicorns because they do n't exist . 
  that 's called insecurity , not ego preservation, 
  they 'll make using their services illegal then , just like in sweden . 
  by the law the prosties are free to offer , but you 'll be jailed if you accept . 
  the exception which proves the rule . 
  otherwise , you 're right . 
  nice work !, 
  however , awalt has been misinterpreted many times here , some guys tend to take it literally , then go on and show 2-3 counter-examples ( nawalt , then go brag about their unicorns ) . 
  afaik it 's a term to describe generic female behaviour .
