  if they want to be celibate , fine by me . 
  topkek, 
   is either retarded or in `` love '', 
  in other words , he 's retarded, 
  read their terms of service, 
   its continuous spelling mistakes, 
  that must be a common libtard thing then , because some sites over here have that too ... almost no articles w/o errors, 
  methinks soon it will be used against us as well . 
  think about it ,, 
   this guy wo n't go out with me , i 'm so hurt emotionally , jail him pls, 
  run boys , run until it 's too late, 
  in other words , water is wet, 
  lol this is not r/theredpill, 
   grown up version of that `` little princess '' gets all demanding and bitchy, 
  it wo n't be because of a fucking tree , bro, 
   raise my children the right way, 
  `` if you want something done right , do it yourself '', 
  how about no ? 
  they wanted this ( wilkommenskultur ) , they ignored all warnings , now they got them all and can suffer the consequences . 
  she can give birth and then fuck off ( surrogacy ), 
  then we 'll see how ronaldo 's kid ( born to a surrogate mother ) does but i 'm sure he 'll be fine, 
  let 's just wait till the cases start to flow ... 
   girly will find herself enjoying chad 's alpha dick . 
  except in this case it will be mohammed 's brown wang . 
  and with it will go those entire societies . 
  not . 
  our . 
  problem . 
   would rather die by their own hand than die protecting people who despise them, 
  / thread, 
  well said . 
  and if someone would bug you to marry you could just shrug and say that there are no women left because of polygamy ( even if that is n't true ) . 
  bitch , do you even grammar ? 
  btw , do n't you guys have the biggest suicide rate in europe ? 
  post it on 4chan too, 
  do n't worry , governments always find the way to spend your taxes , be it migrants , welfare or even their friends ' pockets, 
  recommended video : [ tl ; dr - the feminist outrage at sexbots ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfglgrxqkra ), 
  do n't hold your breath, 
  these womynz should n't reproduce , so i 'm okay with this, 
   do you want to be equal , or do you actually want to be treated with special consideration for your delicate female sensibilities ? 
  feminists in a nutshell : saying the first and expecting the second, 
  is n't that sub full of bluepill cancer ? 
  i ca n't stand children . 
  the younger they are the more i hate them , with babies being the worst . 
  so , the only way i can imagine having children is by cucking someone ( so the guy thinks the kid 's his ) , but since i 'm not * that * asshole i wo n't have any . 
  some people will say that married couples and families have tax breaks ... while true , taxes still cost way less than a divorce and a quarter century of child support ... 
  metal music ( especially black metal ) . 
  it consists of : concerts ( with mostly male audience ) , getting new merch , hunting down rarities etc. 
  this is the only constant hobby of mine , the others fluctuate , right now i 'm all about self-improvement , human nature and wan na dig deep into religious texts ( like the abrahamic books ) . 
  i 'm sure the `` colorful language '' comes from white nationalist trolls who want to divide us and somehow lure the white mgtow back to the plantation . 
  anyway , i 'm a white european who `` suffers '' from a mild case of `` yellow fever '' purely because of their looks ( ca n't really forget about awalt ) . 
  diana ( feminism lol ) has made an excellent warning video about them as well . 
  it 's simple , really . 
  you might have your country now but you still have n't stopped scheming for endless wealth and/or world domination . 
  also , the eu is not a friend of yours . 
  a vassal maybe but not a friend . 
  and everyone is wondering why mgtow is growing stronger and stronger , with the migrant crisis just fueling the fire . 
  kike shill detected, 
  your comment is full of fucking red flags . 
   3 year marriage, 
  let 's talk about it in 10 years . 
  personally i know of no one whose marriage worked for that long , and this is in eastern europe , not the usa, 
   older, 
  no respect for you !, 
  ( from her anyway ), 
   lawyer, 
  your divorce rape will be even more severe than the average, 
   she 's the breadwinner, 
  no respect for you [ 2 ], 
   horses, 
  li'l princess detected, 
   both of you infertile, 
  women always lie about being infertile ... have you seen any genuine papers about this ? 
   our dream home, 
  * her dream home, 
   suddenly develops the ability to spring children, 
  see above . 
  also , prepare to be cucked hard, 
   the wrong kind of women, 
  you 're talking about unicorns here bro , they do n't exist, 
   it 's tempting to say `` women !, 
  '' , it does n't actual illustrate the issue, 
  awalt does . 
  you 're still in the [ first stage ] ( http://therationalmale.com/2012/07/25/the-5-stages-of-unplugging/ ) but the anger is starting to show through ... let it come !, 
  wtf is this victim blaming doing here ? 
  most of us had no idea about how these things work until much later , and some has only learned it thanks to mgtow . 
  i know , because i used to be completely blind to things like this , even 5 years ago , but thanks to self-help and other stuff i know better now . 
  nope . 
  it 's completely legal here , women still suck for the most part ( and not in a good way ) . 
  topkek, 
  yeah but blaming brainwashed clueless guys who never had the chance to learn the truth is . 
   in no way want to sound like a victim, 
  you * are * one . 
  but lucky for us we are n't feminists and instead of a victim culture we can learn to defend ourselves . 
   the combination of emotional and physical love is amazing ... 
  it 's one hell of a drug indeed , and can be addictive as hell . 
  mods !, 
  you can not negotiate desire , so no . 
  more like wrong website ... 
  but when a comedian said something like this about feminists protesting `` rape culture '' , he got the shit tornado ...
