  ** it is completely blind to everything else and in its hubris asserts that because something can not be seen through its own lens , it therefore does not exist . 
   meaning and purpose do not help to unconceal standing reserve and ** so modern science has no interest in these things or tools to investigate them . 
  it is not necessarily the case that existence is meaningless ; it is the case that through the modern technological lens , which is the modern scientific project , these things are discarded . 
  ** those people who elevate modern science to the highest standard too view existence through the modern technological lens . 
  reality becomes meaningless , a set of mathematized sterile concepts , where everything gets reinterpreted down to utility . 
  these sort of people are fundamentally anti-intellectual because they reject and mock the investigation into reality that does not bend to the enframing of episteme that modern technology has imposed on people 's mind . 
  the transcript is linked in the description, 
  \\  muh soggy knee, 
  kek, 
  we 'll start caring about mobile users the same moment you guys stop linking mobile versions of all the websites that are totally useless on a pc with fullhd resolution . 
  and you just proved him right with your religious fanaticism about science, 
   i slowly started to become a different person, 
  gaslighting . 
   because they do n't understand the suffering black people went through during the years of slavery, 
  yes , we did . 
  150 years of slavery under ottoman rule half a millennium ago and we never recovered from it . 
  nobody cares about your shilling , bro . 
  nope , not going to fly across the world just to go to your shitty office , no matter what god you pray to, 
  your whole argument reeks from the `` appeal to authority '' logical fallacy, 
  why do * you * care what mgtow do and why do n't you care about the fall of germanistan instead ? 
   a girl who has just entered her child bearing phase, 
  they 're indeed the most attractive around 16-18 . 
  ( age of consent is 14 here ), 
   if you want to claim that the entire scientific process and , by extension , all the knowledge that it has created is bunk then you need to suggest a more probable alternative . 
  and now you 're strawmanning me to prove the exclusive superiority of modern science, 
  they do n't have to know, 
   she claims she ca n't sleep if he is n't in bed, 
  that 's a very common controlling move, 
  he 's alpha mgtow , just like dicaprio, 
  why are you so butthurt you come here to make fun of op taking care of himself ? 
  just read back your comments ( before editing/deleting them ) and maybe you 'll realize what a total asshole you are . 
  this sub acts as a support group for men ( among other things ) . 
  if you ca n't stand that and feel the urge to put other men down , then indeed go and never come back . 
  this post smells like bait ... 
  awalt , but at least gold diggers are honest about the price ( just like prostitutes ), 
  why would you do this ? 
   blah blah blah more shaming, 
  now i know that you have n't been in a male space before where men open up to each other . 
  and by the sound of it , you do n't even have male friends so you do n't know how this goes ... 
  shut it down, 
  germanistan is already dead . 
  let the men have their fun before the end !, 
  my sides have just left the known universe, 
  the problem is n't arts , it 's liberal arts and women having that worthless degree and then claiming that women are much smarter because more of them have college education, 
   the guy my age says his fiance gave him an ultimatum to marry her or she 'd ditch him . 
  so he proposed . 
  would have been funny if she said no to that, 
  reading , playing guitar , cooking * bean goulash soup * ( a traditional hungarian food ) etc. 
  u/snapshillbot has made a few archive links tho, 
  mods do n't usually delete threads that get linked from other subs ... they ( or even op ) can do it for a thousand other reasons, 
  sauce pls , i want to upvote him, 
  far more men on the sexual marketplace + polygamy = lots of left out men =  mgtow, 
   you should have some semblance of human contact . 
  only if one desires such . 
  of course ... they make you fat and sick so you spend even more money on food and medicine . 
  you should write clickbait articles for a living, 
   is there even anecdotal evidence of this ? 
  [ yep ] ( https://archive.is/fogvs ), 
  just take a look at africa , its matriarchal tribes and how undeveloped and backwards it is . 
  thanks, 
   but a man still has worth as a human being, 
  in today 's society ? 
  do n't make me laugh !, 
  who cares about that ? 
  not the majority of mankind . 
  we mgtow do , a few men and women also do , but not most of them . 
  i suggest you the youtuber [ messenger rising ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucwobag5hx2zu4w66rj3la3g ) who regularly talks about male issues and how society treats men . 
  you might lose your naive world view if you check him out, 
  the answer to your comment is ** alimony ** . 
  \\* yawns \\*, 
  you ca n't rape the willing, 
  it 's happening to the eu as well but hopefully the visegr\u00e1d four ( v4 ) will prevail, 
  no place above ground will be safe in case of a total nuclear war, 
   which is rarely paid - only in something like 10 % of divorces . 
  citation needed, 
  good ol' dose of leftist bait to start the day !, 
  the pua well has dried up , now it 's the alt right and the `` neomasculinity '', 
  the two are n't mutually exclusive because africa is n't a homogeneous continent, 
  [ stoner with a boner ] ( https://stonerwithaboner.wordpress.com/ ) regularly jokes about him and his connection to the alt right, 
  i do n't think she 's stupid , i think she 's malicious . 
  feminist now want to turn consent into rape , because they ca n't stand others having sex . 
   prove that you 're right, 
  protip : you ca n't, 
  i recommend this to be stickied , just for the sake of fucking with the bloopers . 
  indeed . 
  they look for such men to break them , because we 're dangerous to the system . 
  the `` loving '' part of those relationships never last for long , definitely not after marriage, 
   that 's when the ordinary guy starts looking good . 
  i agree except this . 
  they do n't look good , but she realizes that either this or the cats . 
   or a military uniform, 
  military husbands are the most cheated on as far as i know, 
  watch lots of great porn and all women will fade in comparison ... the main reason why so many governments hate it, 
   a lot of wishful thinkers would like to believe that you can run contemporary life on something beside oil . 
  how about nuclear power ? 
  there 're a few reasons why women come to mgtow , sandman and others have talked about it regularly , one of those reasons is captured by this [ image ] ( https://sli.mg/una5vs ) perfectly, 
  it 's legal and well regulated here as well , and considering american incomes even the best ones will look dirt cheap to you . 
  i think their wives do the cheating with random folks , not other military members . 
  and paternity tests are good as long as they 're legal , unlike in france , germany or israel . 
  what text-to-speech program do you use ?
