  not my cup of tea but go ahead . 
  wan na immerse yourself in vr ? 
  do so , not my cup of tea either . 
  he probably wo n't, 
   my cat is really soft too . 
  kek, 
   everywhere feels the same, 
  it is the same everywhere, 
   18 years of child support payments, 
  25 in some parts of europe ... 
  well , he 's not wrong, 
  and then they ask why some mgtow hate women ... 
  endless hamstering, 
  bro you should give us a short description of the videos you share here, 
  it 's planned here too because the current retirement system is unsustainable and it might fix the birthrate too ( no retirement unless your children pay for you ), 
  bluepillers = coward cucks worshipping obese roasties, 
  more like 50 + partners ... 
  we did n't fuck 50 guys like you just to get caught lying about it ... 
  most of these `` underage boys '' are already over 30, 
  got ta be nitpicking here and say that buddhism is an atheistic religion . 
  and yes , i 'm * irreligious * . 
  what a fucking faggot, 
  start spamming 4chan and 8chan with it , you 'll get much more signatures there, 
  it 's feminist cancer, 
   to these women , you qualify as fully human, 
  wrong . 
  what u/nbennett2q5 said . 
  also , female own group preference has priority over any male relatives . 
  found the covert blooper, 
  \\  a sandman copycat got owned so hard he has to cry in multiple videos like niko choski did after messenger ripped him a new asshole, 
  it 's funny because my experience is exactly the opposite of yours . 
  while most of my female relatives have only been a burden , a few women have went out of their ways to help me . 
  rent a hooker if legal or look for legal loopholes . 
  some guys do nsa sex with random women , too . 
  interesting indeed , especially because most of these women are around my age . 
  might be because we were n't so westernized years back , i do n't know . 
  bpd is a male-only illness because it 's not an illness in women , it 's their default state, 
   ( meant to keep out whites ), 
  ftfy, 
  all made by men ... 
  \\  anything mainstream, 
  \\  fun, 
  there 's a reason why i do n't watch tv anymore ... 
   byzantine catholicism is technically roman catholic , if i remember correctly ? 
  it is , but it 's a newer religion , you 're probably thinking of orthodox christianity , that was based there until the ottoman came ( and since then it 's a mostly slavic religion led by the russians ), 
  you know what 's funnier ? 
  the hungarian grandmaster , judit polg\u00e1r said that she respects this wish of the persians . 
  our culture does this : engagement ring goes on the left hand and the gold ring ( after wedding ) on the right hand, 
   with a really busy old english font that 's hard to read for a casual observer, 
  i 'd prefer [ this ] ( http://www.dafont.com/xxii-ultimate-black-metal.font?text=mgtow&amp;psize=l ), 
  and then say no , amirite ? 
  if it 's on the `` independent '' then i automatically assume it 's pure bs, 
  picking # 7 : not murrican . 
  if i was i 'd give trump a chance . 
  as of our own leaders , i 'd choose orb\u00e1n over anyone any day . 
  i only know of a few women who do n't use any social media and most of them are shy , ugly or paranoid beyond reason , definitely not someone you 'd wan na bang . 
   i 'm open for criticism , 
  good because you 're saying as if women are either abstaining completely from soc media or are on it non-stop . 
  what i 'd consider normal is the woman that checks it occasionally but has her priorities elsewhere . 
  of course this is n't a green flag , it 's just the lack of a red flag , if you get what i 'm saying . 
  the alt right does n't exist in hungary . 
  the label is new but the idea is eternal . 
   madame curie, 
  as far as i heard she did nothing just claimed fame for her husband 's research, 
   bringing her back home to do whatever i want, 
  get her to build a shed then kek, 
   i do n't understand why you wont live with girls, 
  `` you do n't have to because it 's none of your business '' is what i 'd answer, 
  i think you need to take this friend off your feed, 
   germany is a prime example . 
  prostitution is totally legal and a normal part of their society . 
  ca n't speak for germany but in hungary it 's legal and well regulated , you 'll still be shamed to oblivion for using prostitutes . 
  not that a mgtow should care about that , just putting this out there . 
   majority female population . 
  most of those women are already in pension , though . 
  under 45 almost all age groups have more men than women, 
  you could start a youtube channel , have the big mgtow channels mention you and then you have a much larger audience than this sub, 
  looks like an underage gypsy ... ewwwww, 
  too bad the jews have killed him, 
  lol, 
  yep https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prostitution_in_hungary, 
   i go by actual scientific studies . 
  groundwork for the metaphysics of mgtow has made [ a video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=trgio6m5wvg ) that destroys all * scientific studies * with simple logic . 
  not a direct answer to your question ( marcus gives it in the video ) , but let me quote two paragraphs :, 
   in order for me to accept the conclusion of a study as a true belief , i would have to make the claim that i agree with every single methodology , decision , assumption , computation , and inference leading to the conclusion . 
  now , unless i verify every aspect of the study myself , which would entail i possess all the prerequisite knowledge to do so , i must take the conclusion of the study on faith ; as testimony . 
   as such , epistemologically , there is no difference in me accepting the belief `` women are smarter than men '' as a true belief whether it comes as a statement from a random woman or is presented to me as a conclusion of a study . 
  ** as such , anyone citing studies who has not gone through the intense effort to justify the conclusion of a study is taking those conclusions on testimony ; on faith . 
   in a practical sense it 's useless . 
  yet another thing he addressed in the video . 
  another quote from the [ transcript ] ( http://www.gftmom.com/portfolio-item/on-scientific-fanaticism/ ) :, 
   the concept of a fact , our whole standard for objective evidence , of modern scientific evidence , is an imposition of the human will on nature to unconceal standing reserve . 
  our objective modern scientific facts are instrumental . 
  we only consider a fact a fact because it is useful in revealing standing reserve . 
  this means that the modern scientific project is fundamentally not concerned with truth , or knowledge in itself , but only with truth or knowledge that leads to control . 
  this also means that modern science is at its core not a scientific project any more so than banking is . 
  think of it this way . 
  if modern science was a person and you were all of reality and become friends with modern science ; modern science would care about you only so far as you were useful to it . 
  modern science is like a woman in its relationship to reality . 
  it gets to know reality only so far as it can get something out of reality and could not care less about realities feelings , personality or anything else there may be .
