  they would have , but she would have called them creepy and call the cops on them for `` harassment '' . 
  at least she wo n't poison the gene pool, 
  damn , i missed that one . 
  thanks for linking it . 
   i 've always heard europe has a higher divorce rate than the us . 
  because that 's true , maybe not all countries but hungary has 67 % divorce rate . 
  also , financial matters might make moving out impossible even after divorce ... for example , my uncle continued to live with her ex-wife and kids because of financials/alcoholism/etc . 
  same in hungary ... how come every country around here got this fucking retarded ? 
  methinks it 's because of the usa influence and the american dream \u2122 . 
  if only mgtow was to explode in china and/or india ... 
  inb4 op is a ( self-hating ) woman, 
  whatever your decision is , you should warn him first ( without the mgtow lingo ), 
  let 's just hope she gets executed for treason ( emails and benghazi ) . 
  bpd is one of the most dangerous mental illnesses , and just reading about it wo n't make one realize this . 
  you ca n't just imagine it if you have n't experienced it ( either as a bpd or a victim of one ) and 75 % of bpds are female . 
  i would say it 's actually worse than aspd ( psycho - / sociopathy ) because of the emotional drive behind it that makes a bpd unpredictable even for themselves . 
  it can be cured , but it 's a very difficult process , even compared to other mental illnesses . 
  [ wait , was n't gender a social construct ? 
  ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/947/236/9bc.jpg ), 
  afaik that 's a canadian thing . 
  if i was in your place i 'd be more scared of getting divorce raped right before retirement ... 
  i got used to it after a while . 
   the point of the whole movement, 
  \\* cough \\* what movement ? 
  more . 
  basically , you should emigrate to a non-extradition country right after putting your money on an account that ca n't be frozen by authorities . 
  that would be lots of fun , too . 
  brigading ? 
  read the sidebar, 
  sweden yes, 
  and even if you manage to win in court your reputation will forever be killed . 
  women still need guys for cash & prizes , and women will divorce rape on the slightest flick of emotion . 
  even if only 1 % of men leave it 'll have a huge effect on society either way ( e.g. 
  importing muslim immigrants ) , but then you 'll already be free to be on your own ... 
  `` biotruther '' used as an insult is the same category ... 
  that 's only true for men who are overstressed and/or let themselves go , otherwise, 
   men age like wine , women age like milk, 
  wtf did i just read ? 
  e u r a b i a, 
   how long a woman ~ ~ can ~ ~ is willing to hold in the crazy, 
  fixed . 
  the honeymoon period stops the moment she has you hooked/trapped , or when she figures out she 'll never have you . 
   deliberately visits him at guy 's apartment at night, 
  that 's when you do n't let her in and call the police ... even if the police wo n't touch her you can bring the case to hr/boss and try to get her fired . 
  restraining order works too if your country has that . 
  great stuff indeed !, 
  you should x-post this to r/mensrights cause they might be able to use this information to aid their cause, 
   the challenge that mgtow have , however , is to ... 
  * plz come back to the plantation *, 
  was n't she actually fired for being pro-pedophilia ? 
  i think nintendo did n't mention that because that would 've caused an even bigger sjw outrage ... 
  commenters be like, 
  hopefully that 's the case, 
  why are you reposting the same thing over and over again ? 
   we are unable to post your comment because you have been blocked by a voice for men . 
  lol it seems like they do n't like being called tradcucks, 
  messenger is right :, 
   i think you are letting the social stigma and negative labeling of mgtow by channels like armoured skeptic and computing forever get to you . 
  it 's making you feel devalued when you associate with the acronym . 
  look up a psychological term called ` labeling theory ' and it might make things clearer . 
  you 've allowed your thinking to be manipulated and compromised but i suspect you 've also had doubts all along . 
  \\  mobile link, 
  reeeeeeeeeeeee ( i know you 're on mobile but it 's still annoying ), 
  here comes the cuck brigade ... 
  wishful thinking, 
  this one should be flaired as cms , which stands for * challenge my strawman * ... 
  promiscuity is n't a problem here , and neither is jealousy a factor , but most ex-riders try to cover up the past , try to seem virginal and prude while going for the moral high ground and shaming men for having sexual urges . 
  you know , complete hypocrites . 
  because this post has n't been brigaded yet ... 
   medium kek, 
  cracked me up more than the post ... 
  by his post history it 's the latter ... 
  is n't she a bit too late for that ? 
  messenger rising 's [ latest ] ( https://youtu.be/aiidct1c460 ) video deals with this very subject , you should watch it . 
   but now they know i 'm training for law enforcement is a different story . 
  of course it is . 
  do n't fall for this shit because you 'll regret it . 
  do you even history , bro ? 
  the `` marriage strike '' is the father of mgtow, 
  it 's only abuse when men do it : /, 
  i hope you 're not just re-living your father 's life but have your own plans and ideas . 
  that 's how i feel about the origins of mgtow ... we evolved . 
   it concerns me to see it creeping back in . 
  mgtow is not a homogenous group of people . 
  some have traditionalist ideas , others have a pua mindset , tfl-ers etc. 
  do n't worry too much , though . 
  anyone who tried to steer mgtow away got kicked in the ass and is now hating on us from the outside . 
  i 'm not talking about complete traditionalist ideology , only elements of it , like its relationship with masculinity , being anti-lgbtahsudfbhsxzbfbazdmegfgvbaztsdv or whatever . 
  sure , you 'll never know at first if that 's the case or someone is indeed an infiltrator . 
  same with mgtows that practice game , some eventually move to trp and go full pua , others do n't . 
  it 's called money . 
  i 'm in the `` i do n't really care because politics are sham that divide the plebs while the political elite laughs in our face and steals our money '' camp . 
  which kind of it is good ? 
  leftist `` liberal '' democracy sucks ass , western europe is the proof of that ( the usa is an oligarchy , not democratic at all ) . 
  the downfall of western society has been deliberately caused and engineered by [ some people ] ( https://sli.mg/02rux5 ) . 
  the dude with the long post ? 
  methinks it 's actually a female landwhale writing her fantasies to annoy others , because she can only do that much to other people . 
  is that a hungarian flag on top ( cropped ) ? 
  getting rid of their enemies of course !, 
  but of course they wo n't do it , they 'll have the sheeple remove them because of `` muh corrupcshun '',
