  let the cycle continue . 
  sweeping through the comments shows that many guys here do n't understand the difference between * needs * and * wants * . 
  will you die ( sooner or later ) if you do n't have it ? 
  if yes it 's a need , otherwise it 's a simple want . 
  i 'm not talking about quality of life , i 'm talking about mere survival . 
  will you all whine about lack of internet when the nuclear winter sets in ? 
  i do n't think so !, 
  what i meant : no big empire lasts forever . 
  surely a new big tyranny will rise ( and there 're a few already ) but this one will fall . 
  i think i 'll pretty much feel a war with russia ( if it happens ) because i live close to ukraine , so i might not even be alive when ( if ) the nwo comes to fruit . 
  i 'm not american so i would n't know : can they ( state assembly ) be sued for supporting genocidal war criminals ? 
  as far as i know it was made back in the soviet era and is related to the communist red star . 
  they are working together against europe and china . 
  mass immigration will cause white europeans to emigrate to siberia ( as russia is now seen as the protector of christianity ) and that way china ca n't have it . 
  i ca n't remember where i read it but it 's interesting . 
  wow such a bunch of losers for not covering their tracks, 
  how about [ hellads ] ( http://www.darpa.mil/program/high-energy-liquid-laser-area-defense-system ) ? 
  could it be responsible ? 
  i generally do n't like srs but i would n't shed a tear if they tore this mod to pieces . 
  fuck that sjw echo chamber , seriously, 
  maybe . 
  on the other hand , if saudi arabia would stop selling oil for usd and chose something else ( cny or rub ) that would probably mean the end of dollar and push the usa into war . 
  off : i ca n't help it but crack up every time i see that `` feels good jew '' meme ( guy with gold ) . 
  something like that . 
  there 's a hungarian site named kuruc.info ( far right and openly anti-semitic ) which breaks a shitload of domestic laws ( like holocaust denial ) . 
  they 've been ruled multiple times to take those articles down , but as the server is in the usa the articles will stay as long as usa law allows it . 
  sa and russia has started meeting recently . 
  officially sa only wants to buy nuclear reactors from russia , but how about unofficially ? 
  chf is a possibility , however , the eur ( along with the eu itself ) will soon be nothing more than history . 
  why do you think goldman sachs [ hid ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/greek-debt-crisis-how-goldman-sachs-helped-greece-to-mask-its-true-debt-a-676634.html ) data about greece so it can join the eurozone ? 
  now greece will almost certainly default , taking the whole ez with them . 
  lawfully they ca n't even be kicked out as there 's nothing about kicking out someone in any related treaties . 
  i think we 'll ( eu members with own currency ) also feel the effects , hopefully we can survive it without major damage . 
  maybe that wo n't be enough . 
  some conspiracy theorists say that wikileaks is actually controlled by the government , spreading truth and disinformation alike ( so they wo n't seem suspicious ) . 
  assuming that puts the saudi cables in a whole new light . 
  getting back to russia : the most chaos and damage to the usa wo n't be nuking cities but an [ emp strike ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2015-04-07/emp-threat-sending-america-back-1800s ) against the power grid which is full of weak links . 
  even jade helm 15 ( officially just a military exercise ) could be a preparation for that . 
  must be the new european hq of the illuminati ( jk ), 
  gypsies ? 
  i 'm not even sure i want us to be part of the eu anymore . 
  think of the sanctions against russia that were forced upon us ( meanwhile the usa does n't even keep their end of the `` bargain '' ) . 
  think of the migrants who could have been stopped by now if it were n't for the eu . 
  i still have n't forgotten the stupid austerity `` reforms '' by the previous cabinet , while they were trying to push us into the eurozone ( which might fail at any point , thanks to the greek crisis ) . 
  thanks to the westernization we have also been infected with feminism ( which is a power grab by the elites and useful dysfunctional women and pussified `` men '' ) , lots of assets `` privatized '' ( stolen ) by foreigners and the standards of living have been falling ever since the iron curtain fell . 
  and speaking from experience : anyone protecting gypsies is either a minority , a naive or a malicious liberal . 
  i know lots of people who were negatively affected by them ( threatened , mugged , even beat ) . 
  fuck the author of this article , and you know what ? 
  fuck bbc as well . 
  i 'd say you can have ours but i 'm sure you would decline . 
   trying to sell you on `` alternative '' medicines, 
  i am yet to come across this and have checked them out numerous times . 
  so you too believe this lie ... 
  i have a quarter hour long video right here that proves you wrong : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iff0t3otsr8, 
  atv is a leftist channel and does its best to undermine the government and spread neoliberal lies . 
  i 'd prefer to save our country from harm , not to flee like rats . 
  also , canada is certainly on my blacklist because it 's multicultural and anti-white-male ( in short : an sjw shithole ) . 
  i 've seen one on my way home and it instantly angered me . 
  i still see a way out : we need to leave the eu asap . 
  but before that , we need to boycott ttip . 
  some ultras are already patrolling around the border ( you should have seen the leftist outcry ) . 
  politicians can be replaced ( one or another way ) . 
  hungary has been around more than a thousand years , we 'll figure it out . 
  this question is too broad . 
  where ? 
  when ? 
  how ? 
  also , are you comparing men in elite to women of lower class ? 
  tl ; dr ( teal deer ) puts it perfectly in perspective : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utabyxu_u-i, 
  good for you , not good for the country you live in . 
  i 'll send you a virtual pat on the back if you find it in reddit 's source code . 
  bad idea imho . 
  honestly i have no idea why she was really sacked ( typing up responses for celebs smells like bullcrap ) nor do i care about inner catfighting . 
  methinks chairman pao getting jealous of a far more attractive employee and `` resolving '' the problem this way is what really happened . 
  what do you think going private will accomplish ? 
  regular redditors do n't give a shit about this sub , but going private will surely fuck us in the ass , as we 'll lose an important source of info . 
  one last question : do you think anyone would care if a male admin was fired ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  this . 
  feminists hate mgtow because they know they have no power over it . 
  newsflash : most women are n't feminists . 
  they only tolerate them because they 're no competition for guys . 
  losing the ability of pairbonding and having an empty life of chasing guys until hitting the wall . 
  seriously , take r/theredpill bro . 
  i do n't visit that sub so i would n't know . 
  indeed , i have n't thought of that . 
  no one lives forever you know ... 
  yeah , it 's a nice mixture of legits and losers . 
  still , if i lived in an overly feminist society i 'd rather choose mgtow than be with * those * women . 
  then maybe pao will sure her into oblivion and even a crowdfunding like the `` greek bailout '' wo n't help her . 
  of course they 're all supportive , but only because she 's attractive . 
  no one would give a shit if an uggo ( except pao ) or a man was fired . 
  and now you 'll be executed for talking about it . 
  it was nice knowing you . 
  it should have been named r/shiteuropesays, 
  edit : it already exists, 
  i think the time has come for a pan-european revolution to get rid of these leeches and to restore our former glory . 
  what do you guys think ? 
  same here , and methinks it 's the same everywhere . 
  i see you like ad hominem and other kinds of personal attacks so i 'm gon na go ahead and call you an ugly virgin landwhale mangina who still lives with his parents and always hides behind his mom 's skirt .
