  / pol / was right again, 
  nah , that 's what escorts are for . 
  why ? 
  because you 'll be shamed ? 
  where the fuck do you get fired for this ? 
  that sucks . 
  then again , i live in central europe so i do n't have this problem . 
  in one post you lick our boots while in the next you bitch at us for being pussies . 
  ( bitter virgins that ca n't get laid ? ), 
  wtf is wrong with you ? 
   or is this one of those posts that makes sense to some disconnected uber rich guy who thinks he knows the secrets to mgtow because he made money ? 
  enough money to apparently unplug from society and the economy . 
  that 's the plan eventually ... 
  because this shit is fake as fuck ... or do you find it a mere coincidence that only those who are affiliated with the open society foundations can see anything from this ? 
  open society foundations of course ( the ones behind the `` leak '' ) , led by the europe-hater jew george soros . 
  osf media started the story while the rest of the media forgot to check behind motives . 
  what the fuck does rt have to do with anything ? 
  they 're as stupid as the rest of the msm when it comes to this story . 
  also , check the 4chan post i linked in this sub earlier , you can find it on my profile . 
  source ? 
  not really . 
  but you can all read and think about what the op of the post said , no ? 
   how is his ~ ~ faith ~ ~ ethnicity relevant ? 
  because the holocaust shaped his early life to the point he 'd do anything for revenge ... 
  why did n't you cut her out of your life yet ? 
  i love it so much ( sarcasm ! ), 
  when a few retards make this issue black and white ... there 's a huge load of options between completely free markets ( which always lead to oligarchies with puppet governments , see the usa today ) and full-blown socialism ( like in the su ) . 
  the solution wo n't be universal , neither easy , but not any of the extremes listed here . 
  depends on your location but around here aldi is considered expensive . 
  i prefer tesco ( the cheapest ) and sometimes go to auchan as well . 
  tell that to [ eskimos ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inuit_diet ) who do n't have that and still live far healthier than the average westerner, 
  to me a cuck fetish is `` porn irl '' in a very fucked up way . 
   how do i keep the drive to exist ? 
  that is a very good question to which we ca n't give you a concrete answer , you 'll have to find it on your own because you know yourself better than we could after one post . 
  you can either choose to become selfish and the drive will be given by hedonism or you can still go for the betterment of mankind by either tutoring young guys , joining the mrm to help your fellow men or joining the mgtow homeless outreach project . 
  it 's all up to you . 
  su = = soviet union ( my parents grew up in a satellite state ), 
  why the hell would we support female parasitism ? 
  the old `` mgtow manifesto '' was rendered outdated a while back ... 
  i 'm in the eu , and the two mentioned above are far cheaper . 
  how expensive is walmart ? 
  not a good idea , because the united mob of sjws and white knights would attack us . 
  do you really think that socialism helps men ? 
  are you really this fucking naive ? 
  newsflash : it does n't . 
  most kinds of help are given to women only while men are still ignored . 
  and no , i 'm not in the usa , this is the eu . 
  and no , oligarchies are n't good either . 
  ** neither are . 
  you grew older , you have success and you 're happy . 
  of course they want to suck it all out of you . 
  never give in . 
  with all your self-contradictions i 'm now certain you 're just a troll . 
  lol, 
  too bad it wo n't work because of infiltrators, 
  aaaaaaaaaaaand a straw man `` argument '', 
  muted . 
  stop being a jealous bitch and fix your miserable life , will you ? 
  i think we 're the best off `` meeting '' online only while leading our lives as we wish, 
  or maybe it can indirectly fight the negative stereotypes about as ? 
  you did n't think of that one , did you ? 
  newsflash : most people show off either irl or online , and by that being here as well men will see how good we 're doing , and how unlike it is to what our enemies portray us as ( lonely fat virgins in the basement without anything going for us ) . 
  i could only give you links google would give you ... the * mayor of mgtown * has decided to help our less fortunate brethren . 
  you should check out his videos about it . 
   why do you care , and why should any of us care , what our enemies think of us ? 
  why ? 
  because i do n't want to be beaten to death by white knights if i ever get doxxed and outed as a mgtow , that 's why . 
  ( or did you miss all news stories about that ? ), 
  white knights are n't very smart , but once mgtow becomes tolerated i wo n't give a shit anymore . 
  also , do n't forget the possible newbies who might be afraid of joining ( or even reading about us ) because of the leftist opinion terror . 
  only now ? 
  with paternity tests being illegal i thought prostitution is illegal already ... 
  not mgtow specifically , but, 
  - false rape accusation victims, 
  - men daring to argue with their girlfriends, 
  just two examples , but i 'm sure you 'll find more . 
  would you like being looked at as a pedophile because of your views on marriage ? 
  because women will spin us that way if we let them . 
  did n't really expect the cicada3301 stuff to appear in this sub ... 
  bachelor tax already exists in reverse form ( loads of financial support for families ) so it 's never gon na happen in a literal way, 
   poor standard of english, 
  not everyone is a native english speaker you idiot, 
  they ( whoever is behind the name ) would n't want to give everything on a silver plate , would they ? 
  the way i see it :, 
  1 . that 's true about all levels of education : most of it is useless bs in the long run , but you get exposed to different stuff which is a good thing, 
  2 . true lol , even though falling asleep in class ( and getting ignored by everyone else ) is far more common  might wan na take notes and study on your own , too, 
  3 . it 's actually about putting you under heavy workload and stress . 
  but do n't let that fool you : most companies will expect some kind of specialized knowledge , even from a junior . 
  4 . indeed , but then what are the teachers for ? 
  5 . there are ... uhm ... less legal ways of getting books ... 
  6 . that 'll get much worse once you start working, 
  i dunno about that , uni is free around here , 
  +1 leave the politics outside the campus !, 
  you 're there to study , not to fight for ideologies , so keep your head down and finish asap . 
  also , do n't shit where you eat , not even if she 's a 10 , it 's simply not worth it . 
  mgtow still does n't equal celibacy , so if you 're doing that only to fit in , just stop . 
  also , give it time , you sound like someone between the anger and the bargaining phase . 
  dat * me , me , me * mentality and the endless pity party that goes around in the comment section, 
  what a selfish bitch . 
  not even a plant,
