  i sometimes shame feminists with news like this and that always leaves them speechless . 
  not for women apparently, 
  of course they do . 
  they hate feminine women because they 'll never be one , and hate ( masculine ) guys because they do n't give a shit about them . 
  that 's why they undermine both sexes , turning the tide in their favour so they can have a piece too . 
  i 'm yet to see a true * feminist that did n't have a shitty upbringing ( daddy issues ) , a mental disorder and not filled with hatred . 
  * not * forced * by sjws/media/whatever to say they are, 
  go for these now , your oneitis might not even care anymore , and when you realize that , these chicks may be gone too . 
  do n't waste your time on her . 
  it 's kinda the other way around . 
  they 're failures as women , so they act like men while poisoning future generations so they are the winners . 
  let me put it this way : most feminists are unsuccessful , undesirable and/or mentally ill ( think of social justice warriors ) . 
  in a healthy society no one would want them , so they counter this by changing the playing field . 
  men used to be masculine and women feminine , with feminists being stuck somewhere in the middle or towards masculinity . 
  now ? 
  men are emasculated ( `` it 's okay to cry '' ) and women are defeminated , and now feminists almost seem normal in the blue pill world , even trendy ( bandwagon effect ) . 
  then it 's time to fire up an actual computer , at least while you gather what to read . 
  tell that to guys who were raised only by their mothers , without any father figures in their lives , hearing how `` manly things are bad '' for decades . 
  just a technical comment : omit the part starting with '' ? w = '' ( till the end ) from the image urls so those can be viewed full-size . 
  just read [ this ] ( http://electronicintifada.net/blogs/ali-abunimah/france-begins-jailing-people-ironic-comments ) news article to see french mentality ( charlie hebdo related ) . 
  it 's better than spending half an hour in hot water thinking/fapping/whatever, 
  not me lol , but lots of guys do that . 
  in the dorm i used to stay has one bathroom for every room and had to wait for them a lot . 
  the dorm is full of childish neckbeards anyway and only lived there because i was on a budget . 
  i 'm still missing a list of endorsed contributors from the sidebar . 
  how would others find their writings other than pure chance ( seeing their flairs ) ? 
  i ca n't remember the exact thread but i read here the solution to getting consent to tape the sex : put a visible warning on your door with the following condition : if they enter , they automatically consent to being filmed for your and their security , if they do n't , they can simply fuck off . 
  i do n't think there 's any place where filming your private interiors would be illegal by default . 
  as far as i know it 's legal in the usa to make amateur porn ( someone from there correct me if i 'm wrong ) , so you just take a camera with you and record the whole thing ( with her consent of course , might up the price too ) . 
  you should re-watch the matrix ( the first one is relevant here ) , it has the answer . 
  tl ; dw no , you should n't , unless he 's ready to face the truth , but from your post i 'd say he 's not . 
  lots of people do n't pay any taxes around here ( except vat ) , i 'm sure it 's the same overseas . 
  what are they going to do ? 
  put the whole male population in jail for avoiding taxes ? 
  a lot of people here work for minimal wage on paper while earn much more ( gray economy ) . 
  minimal wage has the advantage of much lesser taxes ( personal income tax and vat only ) , and that also means no child support . 
  ( welfare is not enough for shit , though . ), 
  i 'm not an expert of the american tax system ( with european eyes it 's fucked up beyond imaginable ) , but i 'm sure this would n't have the desired results here . 
  the more taxes the government imposes , the more people will do anything to avoid paying it . 
  only around 1 % ( a thousand and a half ) of all imprisonments was because of tax evasion 10 years ago ( third of all was drunk driving and theft ) . 
  came to disagree . 
  i 'm huge too and even put some weight on because of my intensifying reflux ( stress and birth defect ) . 
  however , my self-confidence has never been higher ( in part thanks to this sub ) and now i command respect in many situations . 
  it 's not because of your looks , it 's because your insecurity about your looks . 
  get a vasectomy or always wrap it until male bc is available . 
  as i see it trp is a combination of game/pua , mgtow and a father you never had . 
  game is about getting and keeping women , mgtow is about not letting them run your life ( to different extent , some only reject ltrs , others even live off-grid ) , and teaching you to be masculine , rational , just as a guy should be . 
  so your question is basically wrong . 
  i recommend putting the whole women thing aside for a while , read the sidebar , read posts , asktrp and the blogs listed here as much as your time lets you . 
  do n't self-improve for women !, 
  if you do , either succeeding or failing hard will make you revert to your former state , and i 'm sure you do n't want that . 
  exercising will also help controlling your mind and your urges . 
  being bored also makes you masturbate , even if you have no urge initially . 
  if you marry in the west , you have at least 50 % chance you 'll be divorced , in which case you can lose everything , and even rot in prison for not paying child support or for a false rape claim . 
  if you really want to marry , be the best possible alternative for your future wife , and do n't marry in the western world , most of these women are corrupted beyond help . 
  edit : browser truncated my comment, 
  the site needs phpbb badly . 
  it 's an older forum engine but as a normal user i had no problems with it . 
  the whole source code is on github , and there 's voat which advertises itself to be sjw-free, 
  yeah , the red pill handbook , not very difficult to find, 
  i 'll go this way as onedrive does n't work for me at all ( i get a blank white page ) . 
  dunno but there 's / r/geotrp where you can easily run a thread about india, 
  this . 
  i did manage to get over being a nice guy before hearing about the book , still many things were familiar . 
  also , not being a nice guy with women is more important than with men , they 'll just use you and throw away ( just like your ex-wife ) . 
   and is now actively promoting dangerous behavior that could be harmful to women , simply in the name of male shaming, 
  it 's not about shaming . 
  it 's about demonizing . 
  let 's push all women to look and behave like cheap hookers . 
  more of them will be raped this way , statistics will be upped as well . 
  then they can cry for more anti-male laws , jail more people , and say `` i told you all men are rapists '' . 
  they do n't care about the victims . 
  to them they 're pawns in their twisted man-hating chess game . 
  most feminists are psychopaths , perfectly incapable of any sorts of empathy . 
  you should check out [ the paleo manifesto ] ( http://www.amazon.com/the-paleo-manifesto-ancient-lifelong/dp/0307889181 ) . 
  maybe you wo n't turn your diet around but it will open your eyes and trying some adjustments wo n't really hurt . 
  for starters , i started to eat more meat ( now i can afford it too ) and feel my energy increasing . 
  unrelated to your story : why emphasize that this is a throwaway because of doxxing then proceed to link it to the original ? 
  now anyone who comes across this will know about it and might use it against you . 
  the next time you make an alt have no connection to the originals whatsoever . 
  try slowly feeding him rp ideas , if that does n't work just leave his sorry ass , you have a life to live . 
  i smell another guy behind her . 
  or if you 're old-school enough just save the post on your hard drive . 
  as a european i never really understood the gun fetish of the usa . 
  if you need a weapon for self-defense you can always carry a small knife . 
  it 's perfectly explained in the matrix why not , i suggest you re-watch it . 
  many people also forget the simple fact that if a better solution comes they can still switch to that , maybe do them concurrently ( if they are n't mutually exclusive ) . 
  maybe they fear wasting time with the `` wrong '' thing . 
  they either do n't realize that doing nothing ** is ** the waste of time , or are too anxious and this is just hamstering . 
  have n't most famous songs ' lyrics been beta as fuck since ever ? 
  i ca n't help not to think about bonobos as `` feminist chimps '' . 
  see [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bonobo#behavior ) . 
  he [ denied ] ( http://pagesix.com/2013/07/16/hugh-jackman-dismisses-gay-rumors/ ) being gay , but i 've also suspected this for a while . 
  somehow this sounds like a guilt bait , and to make us look like mere murderers . 
  that being said , he can be shown that there 's room for improvement for everyone , and there 's also mgtow . 
  i 'd bet a few bucks that this is her way to tell you that she 's cheated on you too . 
  next her . 
  bonobos and common chimps are [ almost the same ] ( http://news.sciencemag.org/plants-animals/2012/06/bonobos-join-chimps-closest-human-relatives ) genetically . 
  feminism tells them they do n't have to grow up ( very attractive option to teens ) , that they do n't have to compromise in any way . 
  little they know ... they 'll curse either men or feminism in 20-30 years .
