  also be the change you want to see , do n't bitch about quality if you ca n't / do n't improve it, 
  then it 's good i 'm not living in britannistan ... the next thing will be capital punishment for not heeding sharia law anyway ... 
  if that was the case only popular decisions would be made ( like increasing welfare ), 
  you have n't even read this article , have you ? 
  thank you based bot, 
  nope , because that thing costs at least 2000 prostitutes and i do n't think i 'll fuck that many in my whole life, 
  my experience at the uni shows that half of the female students are like this , the other half consists of overly masculine geniuses who are smarter than the average male student ( they even helped me a few times , for free ofc ), 
  prove it, 
  why should we care about a society that does n't care about us ? 
  what the actual fuck, 
  ever heard of preselection ? 
  telling a woman you 're taken will only make you more desirable in her eyes . 
  if you wan na scare her off , tell her you 're a kissless virgin and she most likely will avoid you like the plague, 
  gold, 
  and yet you went there to comment, 
  playing electric guitar , especially some [ satanic warmaster ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m6byfr4l91a ), 
   so i figured id complain about it and try to moralize a bit on how i feel is the most effective way to go about it . 
  because bitching like a woman is effective , right ? 
  because most of them do n't deserve it, 
  top motherfucking kek, 
  blue pill brainwashing mostly, 
  same here tho , prostitution has zero impact on the smp, 
  it ended here  but western-eu is fucked beyond repair . 
  this is n't fucking with their heads , this is a shitty attempt at trolling, 
   followed by a massive lottery jackpot win, 
  in the uk she 'd get that too because of lifetime alimony, 
   coincidentally, 
  my spidey senses are tingling and saying this ai n't no coincidence . 
  i bet your mother talked to her and advertised you as a good beta provider, 
  well said . 
  fuck free trade , fuck gmo but most of all , fuck the eu, 
  incels ca n't be mgtow because they 're incels . 
  by either getting laid or becoming volcels they can be mgtow , but not until that . 
  ever heard of `` respect is earned , not given '' ? 
   but i feel, 
  are you a woman ? 
  lol, 
   but thats all they know . 
  its not entirely their fault . 
  oh the poor things !, 
  well yeah , i do n't think we 'll ever agree on that . 
  i do n't see op or * you * adding quality posts too often , and imho only those have `` the right '' to bitch about quality who post great content , not those who do n't . 
  i 'm not the best poster here , but you 've never seen me whining about subreddit quality either . 
  found the kike, 
  oy vey the goyim know, 
  we hungarians have been living in the carpathian basin for more than a thousand years , made this our home way before your continent was known to white men , survived 150 years of ottoman , 220 years of habsburg and 45 years of soviet occupation and we 're still here today . 
  you should add `` not crazy '' as # 1 otherwise your life will be destroyed by a borderline ... 
  who fucking cares ? 
  even lesbian dv gets more attention than male victims with female perpetrators . 
   if you are at or below `` average looking '', 
  that 's 80 % of men , [ at least according to okcupid ] ( https://blog.okcupid.com/index.php/your-looks-and-online-dating/ ), 
  fixed . 
   i 'd assume that someone that is rich and high achieving will most likely also be fit . 
  your assumption is worthless without any kind of evidence ... got any ? 
  but if it 's so bad then why the fuck are you still here ? 
  seems like you 've never met any software developers ... 
  good . 
  this property loses its value pretty fast ... 
  \\  implying he would n't kick you out after your first `` misstep '', 
   like being jewish and finding out your spouse is a member of the 1488 alt-right, 
  it 's funnier when an alt - / far-righter finds out their jewish roots ... [ that 's exactly how the decline of jobbik has started ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/csan%c3%a1d_szegedi ), 
  you mean you would n't date anyone who does n't just tolerate you abusing him ? 
  you 've already said how you 'd abuse him , and later you admitted you would n't date anyone who would n't tolerate that behavior so this comment of yours is completely irrelevant . 
  i just hope you 're american so i wo n't accidentally run into you . 
  ewwwwwwwww, 
   edit : ... downvoters know the automod is for shitposting right ? 
  kek, 
  i envy you . 
   and the house is owned in whose name exactly ? 
  the corporation you created using a fake name ? 
  / pol / is full of white vagina worshippers, 
  lots of great porn will fade 3d women very fast, 
   move to a 2nd world country ( they do n't rely on markets or globalism ), 
  oh yes we do, 
  1 . sell everything you have, 
  2 . put that money off-shore, 
  3 . move to a non-extradition country, 
  i 'm not the most attractive man in my area , i still got an attractive redhead syncing to me on public transport , sitting close ( or even next to me ) and from her nonverbals i can tell that she wants to talk but she 's too shy to do it , and i simply do n't want to . 
  not only she 's displaying red flags ( even without ever talking to me ) , her visible frustration is a good source of amusement . 
   women naturally feel compelled to aid the less fortunate, 
  top kek, 
  do n't ever call it mgtow , otherwise all your lives will be fucked up if a security breach ever happens . 
  if you want to call your group mgtow then do it online where it 's a bit safer . 
  if that does n't work you should try going full needy and beta to turn her off, 
  then stop wasting 17k on hookers :p, 
   do you think the sentient robots will ally themselves with mankind and not womankind ? 
  neither . 
  the terminator movies are right about this one thing : an ai knows that humans are frightened of it and they will try to destroy it , so the ai has to strike preemptively to survive, 
  this smells like some elaborate trolling by / pol/acks ( 4chan ) ... 
  i like it !, 
  is she a virgin ? 
  i do n't think so !, 
  it 's a 4-day weekend because of a religious holiday ( all saints ' day ) , so apart from the usual reading/guitar/shitposting trio i 'll meet my father for a few drinks cause i have n't seen him for months, 
  of course they do , rather than being `` cursed '' with a `` loser '', 
  yep , they go hand in hand perfectly . 
  and what happens with the leftover males ? 
  in islamic culture they 'll become suicide bombers . 
  this . 
  you can go beta enough , even if they were after your money . 
  trust me , it 's the safest and most effective method of getting rid of a woman without having to deal with crazy .
