or a shopping mall . 
  press y. 
  your comment made no sense . 
  at all . 
  i have no idea what i am reading . 
  their diplomats are the real-life equivalents of the commenters on news articles . 
  i ca n't believe that a diplomat would hand out such a childish and dialogue-halting insult . 
  a rather weak one at that . 
  has he ever assembled ikea furniture ? 
  that shit is more complicated than the peace process in the middle east . 
  no , then it would just be `` help i am being held hostage by the kikes please send help '' . 
  but anyway , i kek 'd at your comment . 
  it is rather saddening to see diplomats lowering the level of discourse to that of `` i rekt ur mom m8 '' . 
  goddamn now it is stuck in my head !, 
  ^ sing ^ along ^ ^ everybody ... 
  but , since there are no real macedonians anymore , ca n't they simply call themselves macedonians ? 
  west bulgarians does n't have the same nice ring to it , does it . 
  also , do they really claim south macedonia ( i mean the greek part of macedonia ) ? 
  thanks for the excellent comments by the way . 
  as to my example of frisians , there is evidence that the frisians of today are genetically not very close to the frisians of ancient times , that 's why i used the example . 
  good stuff , very interesting read . 
  thanks for writing this down , this is the answer i could only hope for . 
  i have a couple of questions : can they call themselves `` macedonia '' when they stop claiming that there was a `` genocide '' and stop claiming that they deserve a part of greece ? 
  relevant example : i am frisian , a minority ethnic group in the north of the netherlands . 
  the frisians of ancient times ( during roman rule of the southern netherlands ) are not the same as the frisians nowadays , yet the frisians of today have inherited that name , and nobody has any problem with it . 
  in fact , most people do n't even realize this . 
  also , what type of people are the macedonians ? 
  i mean , linguistically . 
  why do you guys hate macedonia ? 
  i thought only the government was in on that silly name dispute . 
  hahahhahahaha i just opened reddit for the nth time and this made me laugh so much . 
  i am not a stereotype of my people , i swear !, 
  i sometimes like to smoke a joint , play video games and chill out a bit . 
  i think that 's probably true for many young people all over europe . 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  what 's up with the name by the way ? 
  `` oh , we speak a roman language , let 's call ourselves romanian brah '' `` but brah , there are already romanians '' `` then just add a letter or something like that brah '' not being disrespectful , always loved the name , but where does it come from ? 
  yeah , this is probably correct . 
  hence why there are disproportianetely ( < fuck i am a little to high to spell this correctly sorry guys ) northern europeans compared to southern europeans . 
  if you look at the stats there are so many icelanders and so little frenchies/spanish people compared to the population of those countries, 
  nah i am good mate . 
  i do n't need 203 cases and agglutinative words of 35 syllables . 
  nice language to look at tho . 
  i remember seeing a lot of you guys , especially in the news threads and when greece related topics come up . 
  i even though there would be more of you, 
  i 'd guess certain parts of northeast paris . 
  oh my god that 's horrible . 
  i hope they find survivors :(, 
  they can , but believe me , if estonia wanted to prevent ukraine joining , they have less diplomatic leverage when negotiating this then , say , germany . 
  it is a necessary reality because it would be a bit unfair that 1 out of 28 countries would prevent such an important decision . 
  sure , theoretically they can , but in practice they wo n't , because there would be a fair bit of pressure on them to say yes . 
  maybe estonia would have some complaints , and the other countries would then address these complaints and maybe accomodate for them - which is the diplomatic leverage that estonia has and deserves because they have a veto right . 
  that is possibly the most stupid dispute ever . 
  i guess a name dispute wo n't stop the expansion of the eu . 
  i drove from berlin to katowice recently and there is a stretch of road just over the german border that is absolutely ridiculous . 
  had to evade a loose wheel in the middle of the road at one point , 
   also , i flat-out do n't know what kind of reforms ukraine would need to make to draw it inline with eu guidelines how about , uh ... every aspect of society save the size of postage stamps ? 
  ( not meant as an insult towards ukrainians as a people , just an observation regarding the political system and level of development ), 
  yeah , people act like the veto option is something that can potentially fuck you over . 
  if 27 of the 28 want something , they 'll negotiate with the 28th about what could possibly be wrong . 
  also , it 's foolish to think smaller states like malta , luxembourg , the baltics and cyprus can exercise the same power as the other states . 
  on paper they can , but in reality they ca n't . 
  it 's a sad but necessary reality . 
  i think we 'll get the balkan states - every single one of them - complete before ukraine . 
  hell , i think moldova will join even sooner than ukraine , even taking transnistria into consideration . 
  kinda unrelated , but in a way i love how we are slowly filling in the balkans . 
  i can only hope for a completely united europe in the future . 
   woosh bzz uroep pew zweep c c c c countries !!, 
  zoooooom yurp wooooop yeeeahhh oruepe i laughed so fucking hard at this . 
  this is such an accurate description of most american ( and a lot of european and domestic ) news outlets !, 
  i recently tried watching cnn for a bit and there is so little content . 
  not trying to be a cynical asshole about this , but i really want a relaxing , in-depth international news channel . 
  this a thousand times . 
  i thought i had pinned russia down regarding both their foreign and home policy , but now i am not so sure anymore . 
  why is it pro-russian ? 
  he said exactly the same . 
  it signifies that it is the start of a new syllable in dutch , when two vowels could also be read as a diphtong . 
  he accidentaly used it because the dutch translation of the english word `` archaic '' is `` archa\u00efsch '' . 
  see ? 
  they hate each other already !, 
  already subbed and proud lurker . 
  i 'm with you , grolsch and hertog jan give the best bang for your buck . 
  and i am not even from the east ( though born in deventer ) . 
  i think most student age dutchmen agree with you on those two . 
  finally . 
  self-realization . 
  take note with this map that the cities in ukraine ( and to a lesser degree lithuania and poland ) are in their own city districts , hence why ukraine looks so sparsely populated . 
  and `` spot the rhine '', 
  makes sense . 
  bavaria is koppijnbier . 
  i am not sure whether he was in the azov batallion . 
  i hope not , but it looks like it . 
  ato , not azov batallion . 
  well , we do have one of the best road systems in the world after all . 
  and ukraine is a barely functioning second world country . 
  there are african countries with higher standards of life than ukraine . 
  the netherlands ( not to brag ) is probably in the top 5 of most developed countries in the world . 
  being irish ? 
  so are the mysterious ways of reddit combined with an healthy habit of procrastinating . 
  which most of the time implies you are a foreigner , right ?
