apologies , perhaps i am unfairly venting on you with that comment . 
  it stems from the frustration of seeing , for example , ed miliband being portrayed as some sort of `` english day tripper '' when he was in scotland campaigning in the last week , and not in fact as the most senior member of the second most popular party in scotland . 
  even cameron - who is obviously unpopular in scotland , might expect to be treated as an opposed politician rather than a foreign autocrat when in scotland - but instead criticism is always focused around how he is an english politician imposing himself on the poor scots . 
  it is insidious and unpleasant . 
  but it is not necessarily coming from your comments , so again i apologise . 
  fine , let 's just talk scottish parliament . 
  source : http://whatscotlandthinks.org/questions/how-would-you-use-your-constituency-vote-in-a-scottish-parliament-election according to that source , in recent opinion polls ( as recent as this month ) , snp would get 38 % of the vote to labour 's 34 % . 
  a 4 % lead by the snp does n't signify a groundswell of public opinion against labour . 
  again , trying to paint your rivals as unpopular foreigners is neither true nor helpful . 
  edit : and i should point out that those figures have put labour ahead of the snp a number of times during the referendum campaign period . 
   i do n't see the scottish branches of the westminster parties gaining much after a shaky referendum , especially when they were already unpopular . 
  they 're not unpopular . 
  scottish labour have 41 out of 59 scottish uk parliamentary seats , and scottish lib dems have 11/59 . 
  in holyrood , westminster parties have a combined 59 seats , to the snp 's 65 . 
  painting scotland as a place which has rejected the uk parties wholly in favour of the snp is just neither true nor helpful . 
  definitely . 
  the reason the uk dubs so little is because about 99 % of our media is in english anyway . 
  doing a bit of reading of subs for that last 1 % does n't seem like any great hardship . 
  and that 1 % of foreign material is usually `` classy stuff '' aimed at somewhat higher brow audiences . 
  if 30 % of everything on tv and at the cinema was in a foreign language , maybe laziness ( and a lower brow target market ) might mean dubbing would be more prevalent . 
  so americans do n't have `` corned beef '' ? 
  ( pro tip : there 's no maize in it - the `` corn '' refers to salt corns , another way of saying grains of salt ) . 
  it 's more an issue in british english though . 
  yeah , it 's more common in compound phrases these days - peppercorn , barleycorn , corned beef ( which has salt `` corns '' in it ) . 
  in historical context , in england it could mean wheat and in scotland oats ( when talking about `` corn mills '' or `` fields of corn '' ) . 
  you 're pretty safe just saying `` corn '' for mais , to be honest . 
  `` maize '' is probably the more useful english translation ( `` corn '' can ambiguously refer to any grain , just like the word `` grain '' - although in us english it does usually refer to maize ) . 
  it shows a special sort of stupidity in russia 's sanctions . 
  the effect : poland : no big deal , milk still sold at market price . 
  belarus : unexpected windfall . 
  russia : pays twice as much for milk as usual , and domestic dairy factories outcompeted by belarusian rivals . 
  way to go russia - self-sanctioned !, 
  traditional english food is in many ways nearly identical to traditional north-french food . 
  we just went through a. . . ah ... `` rough spot '' during the 20th century . 
  duck a l'orange and arctic roll all round !, 
  what a time to be alive !, 
  robobakers , sure . 
  the future is now !, 
  http://www.amazon.co.uk/s/?ie=utf8&amp;keywords=bread+making+machine&amp;tag=hydrukspg-21&amp;index=aps&amp;hvadid=25417388487&amp;hvpos=1t1&amp;hvexid=&amp;hvnetw=g&amp;hvrand=13615835335259784919&amp;hvpone=&amp;hvptwo=&amp;hvqmt=b&amp;hvdev=m&amp;ref=pd_sl_5bbgcsg5in_b basically , machines which automatically mix your ingredients , prove and knead the dough , and cook the bread . 
  the absolute laziest possible way to end up with fresh baked bread . 
  we could always change the name . 
  nobody said it has to be called the eu forever . 
  they 'd want to join the eu instead of starting their own for the same reason eastern europe did - the eu is already big , rich and successful . 
  if you 're morocco , entering into a free trade agreement with germany , france , spain , italy , uk , etc. 
  is much more appealing than entering the same trade agreement with a algeria , tunisia , libya ... 
  home made bread is very trendy and middle class in the uk . 
  people spend a fortune on bread makers and whatnot . 
  being a middle class show off above and beyond my middle class rivals , i still bake mine the old fashioned way ( in an oven and so forth ) . 
  or maybe that means i 'm not middle class enough ? 
  can you link ? 
  i wanted to read it , but gave up after 10 minutes searching !, 
  the article seems to have been taken down . 
  how strange . 
  not the uk ? 
  for some reason i find that quite upsetting . 
  a nakedly political thing to do which should be well below reddit . 
  ceasefire : to cease firing weapons . 
  nothing in there about grounding all planes . 
  do you think a ceasefire means shutting down the railways and parking up all the military trucks too ? 
  surrendering sovereignty implies that you have powers now and wo n't in the future . 
  that is only true when looking at it in a very specific way . 
  let 's put it this way . 
  your flair says you are scottish . 
  you ( currently , setting independence stuff aside for a moment ) have many laws made by a uk-wide parliament . 
  you vote in a general election and your candidate goes to a communal building ( in london , 500km away ) to debate and vote on laws with other uk representatives . 
  let 's say we transfer some of those powers to the eu parliament . 
  you still vote for a representative , who still goes to debate and vote in a communal building ( now perhaps 700km away in brussels ) . 
  while it is true westminster has lost sovereignty to brussels , it is not true that you the voter has surrendered anything . 
  you have exactly the same democratic mandate you 've always had . 
  whether this appeals or disturbs you has nothing to do with lost sovereignty . 
  far more to do with who you identify with as a group . 
  if you view yourself as a brit and europeans as foreigners , you might not like the idea . 
  if you view yourself as scottish with the other brits as foreigners , scottish independence probably appeals . 
  if you see yourself as a european , euro federalism does n't seem scary at all . 
  so the question is , will future generations of ukians feel more or less `` pan-european '' than current/older generations ? 
  my guess is more , but it is just a guess as valid as any other . 
  opinions change . 
  the mood today wo n't last forever . 
  assuming we 're talking about a very long term project , there 's no way of knowing what people will be thinking in 50 years , with a couple of generations of people past away and replaced by young ` uns . 
  it might go the other way , with euroscepticism hardening even further . 
  but seeing as most of the hardcore eurosceptics are of the older generations , and with the younger generations being much more europhilic , i 'd place my bets the other way . 
   as for the capital - would be nice to have it exactly in the geographical center of the federation . 
  hell , could built a specific city to be the bureaucratic capital of the federation . 
  i 'm aware that this is a not entirely uncontroversial and somewhat insensitive thing to say , but here 's how i 've airways imagined it panning out . 
  belgium eventually disintegrates with flanders and wallonia going their separate ways . 
  they would n't be able to agree who gets brussels due to the geography and linguistics of the thing , and brussels becomes it 's own entity - a capital district for the eu in a similar vein to washington dc . 
  i can imagine that that 's a less popular idea among actual belgians , though . 
  if only we already had a name with `` europe '' and something like `` united '' in it . 
  `` universal '' . 
  `` unison '' . 
  hmm , i 'll work on it . 
  cameron does n't want reform , he wants to win an election . 
  he 's thrashing around trying to say anything he thinks will win him a few more votes . 
  his position is n't even consistent . 
  6 months ago he was banging on about a democratic deficit in the eu . 
  now he 's trying to block the will of the directly elected parliament and 20 + of the 27 state leaders more or less by himself . 
  i do n't call it democracy when someone who could n't even win a general election in his own country ( and came a sorry third in the eu parliamentary elections ) thinks he can dictate to all of europe every time he falls into domestic political hit water . 
  the british are starting to piss me off , and i 'm one of them . 
  the eurosceptics are noisy , whingy , and allowed to get away with idiocy . 
  i only hope milliband will be better behaved when he wins the next election .
