  each country can then decide some changes on top of it ( more or less favourable ) and the eu is able to create a tax map based on those differences . 
  i feel we ca n't compare fiscal regulations across countries at the moment as fiscal laws are too complex and the common people ends up being screwed in the end . 
  take my own country for example : the tax rates are high but we have so many fine prints that wealthy persons or corporations can avoid paying anything . 
  the truth is that not being able to compare is a problem : we are not looking ireland tax structure or denmark tax structures as references for elections because it 's too complex . 
  this opacity is not for the greater good . 
  tax harmonisation does n't mean ( still in my opinion ) having the same taxes everywhere , but making the taxation axis converge and making them comparable . 
  sorry for asking another question but i 'm interested in your views : helping those poorer countries to grow is part of the union deal ( at least in my opinion ) . 
  i would understand that there might be a right or a wrong way to help them . 
  is that what you 're worried about ? 
  just curious : why do you think killing intra-eu competition is a bad thing ? 
  that 's not exactly my opinion . 
  i do think the main issue is that we had too many countries and our foundations were not strong enough . 
  fiscal harmonisation is urgent for example . 
  not sure i understand your point . 
  without them , i have the feeling we can improve the eu much quicker and maybe progress towards some kind of federalism with harmonised fiscal laws for example . 
  it would have to be step by step , but i would love to see that happening , and it does n't have to be french-led . 
  i do understand that my voice has less power inside a large union . 
  that does n't change his point : you were always reluctant to any further integration and using every possible way to do the bare minimum via exception . 
  not sure absolutely extreme or even minority in my country . 
  however , completely true for the uk : you never wanted that . 
  can confirm , all for it . 
  correct , the notion of overwork does n't really exist . 
  but my job has never been too bad : 45/50 hours per week in paris , 40/45 in london . 
  exactly , a unique opportunity to move forward . 
  i am pretty enthusiastic to be honest . 
  we have so much in common and at the same time so much to learn from all of you guys . 
  i used to work much longer hours in paris than london . 
  but to be fair , i am working in a support function and not in the front-office . 
  london is a high-cost centre . 
  banks in london have been trying to re-locate operations to low-cost centres for more than a decade ( india , poland , czech republic , etc. . . ) . 
  the eu regulations are saying the sales have to be in the eu . 
  it 's mostly that we are shocked french wines are represented by a beaujolais !, 
  risk in financial terms means : `` we have no idea what 's going to happen '' . 
  do n't take it as fud , most financial institutions anticipate a moderate negative economic impact , but they have to admit that the margin of errors is huge . 
  i can tell you that even if i would probably vote for melenchon if it 's a case of melenchon vs le pen , it would be a really painful day for me . 
  the good thing is that we still have the parliamentary election after that and none of them would have a majority . 
  if only my job could move to portugal !, 
  that would be a nice change from london . 
   it is n't a hostility to foreigners working in the uk . 
  it is in my personal experience . 
  i 've seen behaviours that did not exist before the referendum . 
  i trade your reggeaton everyday for our rap . 
  just listen to the top song in france , that 's just ridiculous . 
  perfect example : i 'm not asking for germans or americans to apologise for their past , why would i ? 
  then why france should do that ? 
  as if those 3 situations were comparable ... 
  there 's an election soon , that 's the best way to drag the leftist vote . 
  that 's slightly upsetting because i like this guy but this move is ridiculous . 
  it seems to be a tradition for french politics to go to algeria and ask once more for forgiveness . 
  can we turn a page please ? 
  honestly , a lot of wines are complete garbage and should never have existed . 
  usually , those are the one we export to the uk and the us but i do n't think associating french wines to those vinegar-like bottles will do us any favour long-term . 
  i have left france 4 years ago and i 'm only coming back for short stays . 
  i can tell you that things have changed - not as far as a lockdown but certainly too many security measures . 
  for example , the security guys scanning you at every commercial site in la defense . 
  i could only find this in israel and that 's not something i appreciated . 
  the goal is to engage a conversation . 
  i have plenty of articles in french/spanish that provide more insights than their equivalent articles in english . 
  as most of the people in / r/europe speak 2 or 3 languages , we have an opportunity to have more detailed articles in native languages for those who speak them and they can still be translated in comments provided there is sufficient interest . 
  requiring a translation to english from the start just lowers the quality of the content in order to reach a larger user base , hence the disappointing . 
  thanks , is that recent ? 
  that 's a bit disappointing . 
  is that a rule in this sub or just courtesy ? 
  i thought european languages were accepted . 
  so you 're saying that everybody that reads mediapart should know that every piece of information will contain a bias towards the left ? 
  or what i should call a distortion of the truth to pursue their political agenda basically . 
  le monde or france 2 are doing an impressive effort to remain as neutral as possible , the bbc as well . 
  they are then serious in my mind . 
  looking for perfect neutrality is unrealistic but that 's not the point : a media should be there to educate , not to do some kind of propaganda . 
  that does n't work . 
  valeurs actuelles is openly right-wing ( well , the retarted right-wing ) and have serious facts as well . 
  however , it 's a trash newspaper because of the lack of context and analysis that should come with them . 
  as long as le canard and mediapart can not take some distance and explain the context in a neutral way , i can not consider them as serious . 
  both newspapers are too sensationalist to be considered as serious . 
  they are serious for fact-finding . 
  however , their analysis is often unreliable and they are not able to weight their arguments properly . 
  macron is the clear favourite in france right now . 
  but things can change very quickly as shown by the penelope fillon affair . 
  you ca n't put at the same level the guardian and the daily express . 
  the latter is the produce of absolute liars - there is no way they believe what they are publishing . 
  i just love the daily express . 
  they have very creative and clever ways to twist any story so it fits their own agenda . 
  assholes , absolutely , but clever ones . 
  there 's still a bit of uncertainty of course . 
  but they 're not putting pressure on anyone , they are not threatening anyone . 
  they 're just explaining that under the most probable scenario , they will relocate eu-regulated activities to the eu . 
  it 's not a threat , it 's a fact , just the regulatory impact of brexit . 
  i 've never understood the `` threat '' feeling from britons . 
  somehow , they are being threatened any time an organisation talks about their options ( a bank in that case , but it could be the eu for example ) . 
  is theresa may threatening the eu by claiming she can convert the uk into a tax haven ? 
  no , she 's just explaining one option to main the uk attractive to companies . 
  unless he likes living in spain or prefers to live there - which is probably not that uncommon . 
  that offer does n't seem bad . 
  no experience required , just a bachillerato in the list of diploma . 
  that seems like a good opportunity to enter the job market , in a big and recognised company . 
  it 's not double standard : the referendum in italy had nothing to do with the eu , brexit however ... 
  oh , i feel bad for you . 
  i understand why you like their meat pies now . 
  ( just kidding ), 
  just curious : where do you come from ?
