your country sends competent politicians to the eu ? 
  not exactly : indian/pakistani food yes . 
  but for chinese , japanese , thai , vietnamese , italian or portuguese , i have always found better alternatives in paris than in london . 
  you should probably get more diverse sources of information . 
  i do n't feel the need for independence personally and i think it 's shared across brittany . 
  the last survey showed that less than 15 % of the population would like independence , shrinking . 
  yes , but i am from brittany and we do n't have any good wine or cheese there , only cr\u00eapes . 
  do n't steal that from us !, 
  so , the cr\u00eapes are also dutch , but the french fries ( chips ) are only belgian ? 
  i think we 're getting screwed ... 
  to be honest , i would have made the same mistake . 
  til . 
  great , thanks !, 
  hold on , are you aware that uk deliveries to russia of guns , military equipments , communication and cryptography systems have not been suspended ? 
  by the `` sic '' , did you mean i made a spelling mistake ? 
  please let me know ... 
  said a british . 
  gareth bale ? 
  i do n't understand your comment . 
  are you saying you are considering the amount as very small or medium ? 
  they 're different for france as well . 
  why would you be bothered ? 
  when you 're visiting a country , you have to respect their traditions . 
  your vision is as biased as mine . 
  the sanction is 10 times bigger than the largest ever eu fine . 
  it is completely disproportionate and represents a bit less than 7 % of the bank capital , more or less one year profit . 
  bnp paribas is one of largest banks in the world , but still less than half of wells fargo or jp morgan chase . 
  [ this one is clearer ] ( http://www.sipri.org/databases/embargoes/eu_arms_embargoes/sudan ) . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.sanctionswiki.org/sudan#eu ) , the only embargo against sudan was for arms , not energy derivatives . 
   that is not how international transfers work at all . 
  swift is based in belgium , which is how intra-eu transfers would likely be handled , even in us dollars . 
  the clearing of positions is not done via swift as far as i know . 
  i 've never worked in for the operation department , i might be mistaken . 
  bnp is not larger than any us bank . 
  if you read carefully your link , you 'll see that the accounting rules are not the same and that us banks only declare the net position of the derivatives . 
  the ratio net vs gross can be quite substantial ( * 50 would not be ridiculous ) . 
  jp morgan is much larger than bnp paribas . 
  good !, 
  do n't hesitate to tell me if i said something wrong , 
  any transaction that changes the bank `` reserve '' in dollar has to be compensated in the us . 
  i am not an expert of this compensation mechanism unfortunately . 
  the german bank would require financing in dollars which has to go through the us . 
  the swiss bank receive financing in dollars , which goes through us . 
  it is a bit bs , yes ...  if i have dollars in a swiss bank and transfer them to another account in a swiss bank , how does the us fx get involved ? 
  good question . 
  your operation does n't require financing unless you transfer it to another bank . 
  if that 's the case , then yes , us regulations would apply . 
  if you transfer to the same bank , they do n't apply . 
  when you make a transaction in dollars , there is a compensation mechanism happening via the fx department in the us . 
  that 's a consequence of every trade . 
  in 2006 , the us decided unilaterally that their legislation would apply globally , as long as the dollar is being used . 
  as a consequence , if you 're a bank that does n't even have an office in the us and you use the dollar , then the us considers that their legislation applies . 
  see [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/extraterritoriality ) for this principle . 
  as bnp can not afford not to have the us justice on their side , they have to give up . 
  morale of the story : it would be better for everyone to have a strong euro for international transactions . 
  hold on , let me rephrase : a group of jurists and senior executives made a call based on the legislation - that it was legal to sell energy derivatives to companies in those countries . 
  these decision was based on the approval from french , eu and swiss regulators . 
  the transactions were mostly made from switzerland and no one thought us legislations would apply to that case . 
  it was a collective decision . 
  the bad decision was to make the transactions using dollars , as it is the norm for energy derivatives . 
  most of the employees involved have already left the company , including one of the most senior directors . 
  c-level employees have just done their job and there 's not much you can criticize about what they 've done . 
  they were not c-level employees . 
  those were transactions known by everyone , including french , eu and swiss institutions . 
  and the doubts about their legality started only in 2006 , 3 years after the initial trades . 
  that 's when the us decided that their laws apply to anyone using their currency , even though they have nothing to do with the us . 
  we would complain about them together !, 
  i 'm french living in the uk , i would be fairly unhappy with a eu exit to be honest . 
  edit : living not leaving ... 
  i think rocard was right and it might be a better solution for them and for us to build the eu without them . 
  it is ridiculous as you said because your first explanation is the correct one . 
  as the transactions are in dollar , you have to compensate in the us . 
  and because of that , the us thinks they have the right to judge your transactions . 
  that 's why we need to stop being so dependant with the dollar , and that 's why we need a strong euro . 
  i was wondering what the best solution was between linking to the source ( paywall ) or a summary somewhere else ( lower quality most of the time ) . 
  it 's about non-us branches making transactions validated by eu , france and switzerland laws . 
  they made the mistake of labeling them in dollars . 
  do you think they could choose to relocate in a nice place ? 
  like south-west of france , sicily , northern italy , sardinia , barcelona , lisbon ? 
  i would n't mind leaving london for somewhere in the countryside , sunnier , closer to nice beaches , 
  basically , the employees covered by this scheme ( small number , usually consultant ) do not have the right to work more than 13 hours daily . 
  additionally , they need to have one day + a consecutive night off per week . 
  the employer should be able to give them the possibility to disconnect completely from work . 
  nope , the prime minister is nominated by the president . 
  there is no need for new elections . 
  the next planned election is quite soon ( eu parliament ) and it is expected to see a large defeat for the socialist party . 
  it depends who you talk to . 
  he is still very popular in some part of the population , but i think the majority of rightist moved on . 
  they are quite worried about the lack of alternatives though as the head of ump ( the major right-wing party ) is led by a rightly very unpopular guy called jean-fran\u00e7ois cop\u00e9 . 
  he was elected not because of his program , but because people did n't want sarkozy anymore . 
  people have realised since then that his program was completely stupid and that he did n't have what it takes to be a president . 
  his popularity level is between 20 and 25 % , most unpopular president in france ever ( at least since we have polls ) . 
  economy is a complete failure : unemployment is growing all the time , taxes are rising , debt is increasing . 
  that 's a bit humiliating for the chef and some people were offended by a person criticizing a 3 star level menu compared to the diner of an average person in france . 
  one member of the current gov was caught saying to the prime minister that the diner served to the chinese president at the french presidential palace had been disgusting . 
  this created lots of noise , and this person had to apologise to the corresponding chef . 
  i 'm not a fan of pan 's labyrinth . 
  i have preferred [ rec ] ( horror movie ) which was great !, 
  i just think you overestimate the evilness of bankers . 
  that 's just my point of view , based on my daily observation of them during the last 10 years .
