  this system created as well a lot of lack of competitiveness that most of the industry ca n't afford . 
  it created as well structural unemployment and parallel ways of working ( lots of temporary jobs , freelance , etc. . . ) . 
  it is true but this is a very partial view : the social model is very good if you do n't look at its consequences in terms of taxes , competitiveness , unemployment , debt , etc. . . 
  i 'm not sure you 've got the right information : it 's not exactly like the middle class is going well in france . 
  cost of life is too expensive , taxes are much too high , unemployment is everywhere , etc. . . and it 's getting worse with this government . 
  as a frenchman living in uk , i 'd like to say thank you to all the english people that welcomed me here . 
  i do have one small remark though : it seems inappropriate jokes at work are not recommended at all . 
  on politics , religion , race , stereotypes , sex , or mocking colleagues , etc. . . how can you make jokes at work then ? 
  it 's not exactly like this kind of problems ca n't happen in england ... 
  you did n't like riga ? 
  i 've kept in mind the image of an awesome city , and that was n't because of its churches . 
  really ? 
  i admit that i know much better paris and london than any eastern european cities , but i am still impressed by paris anytime i go back there . 
  i ca n't live there anymore but i would definitely re-visit paris all my life . 
  so , your point being ? 
  if north korea enters peace talks with south korea , are we going to have a north korea flag ? 
  israel is just not part of europe , nothing to do here . 
  silly or charming accent ? 
  when he was elected , most commentators said he was quite funny . 
  it was n't so obvious until now . 
  as a breton , i really did n't know what to pick . 
  i chose mediterranean but that seams vastly incorrect . 
  me neither . 
  people of / r/france do n't seem to be representative of the population ... 
  not only , look at / r/france and you 'll see plenty of german-bashing all the time . 
  coming back to the subject : well done germany and canada , you deserve it . 
  project without debate -  protests -  half-finished project retained and applied -  reality checks -  complete review of the projects with image damage everywhere and lack of credibility 6 months after applying stupid decisions . 
  they partially were . 
  his main programme was to debate things before applying them : `` moi pr\u00e9sident '' . 
  do you really believe in what you 're saying ? 
  he started his mandate by increasing taxes specifically for entrepreneurs . 
  lots of them started to leave the country at that moment because none of them understood the need to make a situation even worse for them . 
  he changed recently the approach by cancelling his first measures but this reaction was too late : no entrepreneur will trust him anymore . 
  regarding the football club ( psg ) , you can see that it would be almost impossible to keep players such as zlatan ibrahimovic in france as he is payed 1m $ after tax per month . 
  if this tax is really applied , the qatari ( owners of the club ) will probably take the loss and sell the club , migrating their key players to another football club they own somewhere else in the world . 
  his arrival has generated probably 100 new recruits in the football club himself , in marketing departments , journalists and all its expenses in france . 
   if the company is taxed would the company be as easy to move ? 
  i 'm not sure i understand your question . 
  it is a french company but a large part of it is based in other countries . 
  senior manager are asking not to be based in france . 
  they are currently assessing damages because they realize they can not attract/retain key people in france . 
  dassault syst\u00e8mes is partly owned by the dassault group , but the ceo is not a member of their family and is not involved in politics . 
  then again , you will have a lot difficulties finding left-wing ceo of big companies given the fact that they all want their company to be competitive at an international level , which is harmed by the left-wing . 
   logical fallacies and left-wing godwins ahoy !, 
  gerard depardieu paid this year 85 % of his revenues in taxes ... 
  read the news , count the number of people and companies leaving france ( not only for this specific tax ) , look at the unemployment numbers in france , you will understand . 
  of course this tax will not make these people poor , it will just make them leave france . 
  we already have so much reports of people or companies leaving the country , not for this tax only but for the whole anti-rich atmosphere . 
  if you want some examples , we have in france one succesfull software company called `` dassault syst\u00e8mes '' . 
  his ceo was [ interviewed ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/economie/article/2013/03/11/dassault-systemes-la-fiscalite-met-en-danger-la-filiere-numerique_1846073_3234.html ) not so long ago and he had to explain that most of the senior management is currently moving outside of france . 
  another example in [ art ] ( http://www.atlantico.fr/decryptage/meme-entreprises-en-bonne-sante-mettent-cle-porte-exemple-galerie-art-philippe-herlin-683866.html ) where a succesfull gallery in paris decides to move from france due to the atmosphere and fiscal uncertainties . 
  in football , this [ tax will cost clubs around 182 m $ per year ] ( http://www.sports.fr/football/ligue-1/articles/taxe-a-75-thiriez-fulmine-568018/?sitemap ) , making the french football the less competitive in europe . 
  the examples are countless , but we come on fighting inequalities by making everyone poor ... edit : added the link to the interview of dassault syst\u00e8mes ceo, 
  thanks for bringing sanity . 
  the left in france is obsessed by inequalities , not by making his people wealthier or even happier . 
  `` socialists love so much poor people that they create new ones . '', 
  once more , this rule is applied in france ... 
  most of french people living in uk are living in london . 
  i used to live in sheffield , and it was very rare to see a compatriot . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/politique/2013/01/21/01002-20130121artfig00769-sarkozy-n-envisage-pas-de-s-installer-a-londres.php ) , or [ here ] ( http://lelab.europe1.fr/t/fonds-d-investissement-a-londres-le-double-dementi-de-nicolas-sarkozy-7093 ) . 
  fyi , mediapart is a media that tries to investigate , which is very rare in france . 
  unfortunately , most of their stories terminate in bs . 
  that was three days ago and he denied it completely , stating that he has no plan to move to london . 
  i 'm not exactly sure . 
  if all isp start to do the same , consumers will not easily switch . 
  it 's funny , people says that google should block the 230 m orange users , but who will loose money in that case ? 
  mostly google , with 230 m users less ... 
  i hope google shares more revenues in the future . 
  so , when a democratically elected government asks for your help , and you deliver , that 's an empire behavior ? 
  support from the local government ? 
  there is not point in finding controversies here . 
  aqmi directly kidnapped and attacked local population as well as foreigners . 
  the real question is : why do n't other countries intervene ? 
  it does look more complicated than that . 
  you need to have a positive opinion from two of three comissions , one of them considers the residence as you said , but the other two are considering other aspects . 
  bernard arnault for example did not live in belgium 3 years but might be granted the belgium nationality . 
  no , fran\u00e7ois hollande was the one you 're talking about , the president , not the pm . 
  i do n't understand why this is getting downvoted . 
  there is a number ( that depends on each individual ) that makes people think that their incomes are not fair and constitute a robbery . 
  the 75 % income tax is a joke in that sense . 
  as the majority of people do not understand that , they think that rising taxes for the rich is normal . 
  until the rich leave the country !, 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen a frenchman describing you as idiots ... 
  it is strange , we have a lot in common and french have a deep respect for germans , but it seems like they are not controversial enough to have any sort of attention . 
  exactly , and i 'm a french moving to london next month !, 
  we have a strange love/hate relationship that describes most relationship between cousins . 
  at the same time busy and peaceful . 
  i love the people , the walks , the shops , the culture , the parks , the pubs , etc. . . 
  i 've managed to keep my commute time to 20/25 minutes and it 's mostly under good conditions . 
  it makes me wonder why italy and spain are so low . 
  i would love to live there . 
  personally , london is really the only city i would live in the uk . 
  it 's only based on 3 + years living here though . 
  of course , it 's expensive as fuck but definitely worth it . 
  but the control aspect surely is more relevant to eu immigration rules than the calais situation , do n't you think ? 
  just curious : why do you think the calais situation is so important to british people ? 
  i fail to see its relevance as we 're only talking about a few thousand people . 
  that 's completely unfair . 
  not smelly , moderately clean and not overcrowded due to the long distances between everything . 
  never been mugged and none of my friends have - you feel safe almost everywhere .
