  people just repeat the easy target `` bankers '' as if they had a clue on what they are doing . 
  thanks for bringing sanity . 
  this page is very confusing . 
  to be honest , the whole analysis is confused . 
  for france for example , there were two kinds of financial aids to the financial sector : recapitalisation ( dexia only ) , guarantee and liquidity helps ( all reimbursed ) . 
  apart from dexia , the french government made money via its help . 
  still , it appears as if they had helped with 26.5 b $ which is completely false . 
  i do n't think you understand : that 's not the point . 
  what should be illegal is already illegal - forcing people into this business . 
  and we should enforce that it is applied correctly . 
  everything else is just purely judgmental and has nothing to do in a law . 
  and i 'm not even trying to defend prostitution as per se . 
  i believe it 's not a government business . 
  switzerland , monaco , lichtenstein ? 
  clients = aggressors for you ? 
  i 'm just trying to understand the arguments for this law because i ca n't find any . 
  obviously , we 're not going to argue about the value of each system just because one internet user disagrees with me but a few facts : - no , [ cutting expenses has not really been done since 1981 ] ( http://www.les-crises.fr/budget-etat-france/ ) . 
  - before accusing media to made up stories , you might want to have a check on the media you read that produces anti-liberal propaganda . 
  i prefer boris johnson 's theory about rich people : thanks for paying your taxes in france despite the fact that you 're giving it to people who still wants to chop off you head . 
  that 's why we wo n't understand each other : not cutting expenses is what we 've done during the last 30 years and we saw the consequences . 
  i 'm tired of that , i want to have a reaction . 
  we had plenty of time to think about it and some `` assets '' are not that valuable . 
  i do n't know why people are trying to diminish france 's decline . 
  the unemployed rose to unexpected level , the growth is null and even worse the perspective of future improvements is almost non existent . 
  a high percentage of my friends have lost their jobs . 
  some of them including me even had to emigrate to other country to find something appropriate . 
  we have n't started austerity !, 
  when you see that repaying the loans is clearly not the priority of the current government , then you can start to have some doubts about the future of your debt . 
  benefit of the parisians is debatable . 
  most of them are in paris because they ca n't find their job anywhere else in france but would n't mind that much living elsewhere . 
  historically speaking yes , but its economy has changed a lot since then . 
  the aube department lost its industry as well and looks much poorer . 
  i do n't get what 's happening in the nord department . 
  if you travel to the lille agglomeration , it does n't look like the poorest department in france . 
  for a lot of reasons including regulations consequences ( such as confidentiality ) , investment banks are trying as much as possible not to rely on any third parties . 
  so yes , it and building the correct infrastructure around it is part of the job description of every bank . 
  i 've just read your link . 
  it is just a shame to see such lies and people believing it . 
  almost everything is completely untrue . 
  i feel the need to comment on that story because it does n't represent the full stoy . 
  that 's not the position of the prime minister , nor the one of the president as far as i know . 
  this is however the position of one member of the government . 
  there is also an important momentum about the situation of roma in france . 
  the real issue lies in our juridical system : the offending people from these communities are never really punished for their acts . 
  we had lots of stories of pickpocket in the louvre for example where the kids and their parents have always been excused and restart on the same day . 
  our prisons are full anyway , and we do n't have the budget to create new ones . 
  my initial comment was inaccurate as you pointed out : there is no non-stop train between saint lazare and la d\u00e9fense . 
  the existing one is not exactly great as auber is a bit further away from saint lazare plus saturated . 
  i was mostly thinking of all the people coming from north-east paris able who will be able to go directly to la d\u00e9fense . 
  for me , living in london , this would make my life much easier : gare du nord to la d\u00e9fense in 2 stops with a incomparable comfort compared to the rer a through chatelet . 
  not direct , via charles de gaulle etoile and completely satured during peak hours . 
  i assume you 've never taken it . 
  that would n't be enough . 
  the number of daily passengers is still increasing year after year . 
  what 's more , having a direct line between saint lazare and la d\u00e9fense is a huge addition to the network . 
  that 's a brilliant project much needed for paris as it focuses a lot on suburbs . 
  saint-denis for example will be a key part of the project and will probably change a lot . 
  the direct line from the cdg airport to la d\u00e9fense is a huge benefit for all the professional travelers that will not have to take the awful rer via chatelet anymore . 
  the rer a is completely satured during peak hours and there 's nothing else you can do apart from building another line . 
  why do you say that ? 
  another example : displaying a french flag in my home would be purely ridiculous , one from brittany would be very well accepted . 
  i 'm not convinced this is the right thing to do . 
  i just hope hollande knows what he 's doing . 
  france would probably not allows this kind of march due to our laws against `` incitation \u00e0 la haine raciale '' or `` trouble \u00e0 l'ordre public '' . 
  do you consider france to be a free country ? 
  in france , you easily have 150 people at your wedding . 
  a budget of 70 $ per person for the catering only is not that high . 
  that 's $ 10.5 k already . 
  why that ? 
  if you 're only talking about civil marriage , it can be easily done in 4 weeks . 
  what was unfortunate is that this was the key priority of the government . 
  it shows a real lack of understanding of the real priorities in france . 
  of course not . 
  germany is in a much better situation than france , even his link says so . 
  i saw 10 minutes of the video , listening to him explaining that he was mostly impartial due to his origin and distorting facts to come to his own personal conclusion . 
  but i have not seen any answer to my question : how much money was spent by the french government to bnp for example ? 
  i will help you a bit : the only bank that really received money from the french government ( not as a loan ) was dexia . 
  and dexia 's issues were mostly government related ( french , belgium , luxembourg ) . 
  even if you include dexia , you 're still far from one year of social security deficit - $ 12 billions in 2012 . 
  it was a big problem then and nothing has been done . 
  hence making the situation even worse . 
  still nothing to do with banks or goldman sachs . 
  typical reaction from the left audience in france : it is someone 's else fault ...  and that does n't change the fact that most of the debt increase since 2008 is due to bailing out ca , bnp , sg and natixis -- not paying for public services . 
  any proof ? 
  of course not because it is completely untrue . 
  you seam to forget that it was already an axis of the 2007 presidential campaign , as well as 2002 , or that jospin talked a lot about it before . 
  this has absolutely nothing to do with goldman sachs ... 
  it is true , see [ here ] ( http://www.lesechos.fr/17/05/2013/lesechos.fr/0202771255481_8-000-menages-ont-paye-plus-de-100--d-impots-l-an-dernier.htm ) . 
  this is because we 've got a special invention in france : l'imp\u00f4t sur la fortune , where you have to pay every year a percentage of the value of your possessions if this value exceeds $ 900k . 
  it does not depend on your salary but on your current wealth . 
  in some cases , the amount you have to pay will be higher than your annual salary . 
  rich do pay taxes in france : [ the top 10 % contributes to 74 % of the total income taxes ] ( http://impotsurlerevenu.org/paiement-de-l-impot/728-qui-paie-l-impot-en-france-.php ) . 
  but you ca n't deny that the top 0.1 % are big fans of tax evasion . 
  i 'm only talking about the labor force here . 
  53 % of the population between 15 and 64 excluding those who are not looking for work ( students are excluded ) . 
  19.5 millions people are paying income taxes in france while the overall population is around 68 millions . 
  we 're overspending , creating debts without any solution . 
  for example for social care , we estimate [ the deficit to $ 13 billions in 2012 ] ( http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/d%c3%a9ficit_de_la_s%c3%a9curit%c3%a9_sociale_en_france ) . 
  we keep raising taxes , but only 53 % of the population pay taxes : those too rich to get any help from the state and too poor to avoid them . 
  see [ here ] ( http://impotsurlerevenu.org/paiement-de-l-impot/728-qui-paie-l-impot-en-france-.php ) in french for the details .
