  i 've lived for the last 2.5 years and i 'm not planning on going anywhere else in the near future . 
  over-expensive , absolutely !, 
  but that 's the only drawback . 
  to be honest , after hearing about it , i have bought one west country farmhouse cheddar and was very disappointed . 
  any special place to buy it ? 
  but i still have n't found a good one . 
  any suggestion ? 
  i am in london . 
  fyi , there are more details [ here ] ( http://www.diplomatie.gouv.fr/fr/conseils-aux-voyageurs/conseils-par-pays/bresil-12219/ ) , in french though . 
  approx translation : * hu\u00e1nuco region * centre of the country , known by the acronym vraem ( valleys of rivers apur\u00edmac , ene and mantaro ) , north-east of ayacucho , still under military control * amazonian zone on the border of colombia , particularily near the putumayo river . 
  good cop-bad cop would be nice . 
  i have the feeling that french governments never know how to take unpopular decisions while german ones lack compassion . 
  it is a good duo and can work well . 
  things are quite different . 
  of course , some extreme-left parties are painting germany as the bad guy in france , but they are a minority that no one listens . 
  additionally , we 're only talking about money at the moment , not values . 
  we have bonds that are actually very strong imo . 
  -- * i have no clue why you 're being so aggressive . 
  you can have plastic cheese in france as well , you know ? 
   keep in mind a lot of french actually started liking our food and our cuisine and wine is beating out the french competition recently . 
  as a frenchman living in the uk , what ???? 
  i love thai , italian , japanese food but english food is a disaster . 
  when are you going to learn how to cook vegetables ? 
  that 's a serious question , just boiling everything is plain awful . 
  and what about raw garlic in my food , just why ? 
  and let 's not talk about wine , i 've tasted some pretty awful stuff . 
  i do n't understand how people can get a return in eurostar at this price . 
  i 've just checked a london-paris next weekend and it 's around $ 180 . 
  no need to say that it 's much cheaper by plane . 
  i need to go to naples then . 
  you did n't like rome ? 
  are you on linux ? 
  firefox for linux is slower than its windows version while chrome keeps the same performance across environments . 
  not much to be honest . 
  from a technical standpoint , it feels a bit faster on linux and is more battery-efficient on my laptop . 
  from a usage perspective , google can not be trusted for privacy and mozilla is politically speaking more interested in getting a better internet for everyone and not just for google . 
  just curious : where do you come from ? 
  i live in london zone 2 and work in canary wharf . 
  i do not have access to any good independent restaurant unless i go to central london . 
  i think they 're mostly adapted to your taste - and that 's a good thing . 
  but all of these are not for me considered as even good deserts . 
  i love your crumbles , agreed , but that ca n't be compared with profiterolles , mi-cuit de chocolat , whatever fruit tart , iles flottantes , baba au rhum , tiramisu , panna cotta etc. . . 
  most european countries have better desert ( special mention to italy , you 're awesome ) . 
   nowadays though british food is very good . 
  after 3 years in your awesome country , i disagree completely . 
  i think the key problems are that : - you have no idea what to do with your vegetables ( boiling is not the only option ! ), 
  - local products are of poor quality - too many large chains of restaurants , not enough diversity - the same product the whole year in supermarkets - are seasons even a thing ? 
  i ca n't deny the improvements though . 
  it is really uncommon . 
  it just feels unnatural . 
  i used to tip very rarely ( < 10 % ) . 
  they ... tipped ? 
  that 's not true . 
  however , we all tend to go to the same touristic regions though - near the mediterranean sea , us ( ny , san francisco mostly ) , south america and south-east asia . 
  oh , you 're right , thanks for telling me ... that is a literal translation of french , sorry about that . 
  `` i go regularly '' would be more correct as well , right ? 
  i 'm going to barranquilla , cartagena , santa marta and medellin somewhat regularly and i met french tourists almost all the time there . 
  what happened to us ? 
  we 're losing decades of culture being cheap arrogant asshole tourists and nobody 's doing anything about it . 
   and the expression of an opinion that carries a clear negative effect for the other party might just as well be considered a threat . 
  i see your point but that seems a bit dangerous in a way : how can the voters be properly informed to make a decision unless they hear all opinions ? 
  dismissing opinions with negative effect seems rather counter-productive in the end . 
  that 's completely ridiculous . 
  i am also against any exemption my country has and i do n't think i threaten my country 's survival . 
  it 's hard to follow : - the threats are coming because they want uk to stay or - the threats are coming because they want uk to leave and gain power over the control of the eu ? 
  by the way , those are not threats , just an opinion on what could be the consequences . 
  it changed recently ( last year i think ) , they now exist for the eurotunnel for example . 
  france 's system is just fine . 
  it is the right balance and ensure getting a governing majority . 
  it 's already difficult to make political decisions in france , changing the system with a more proportional representation would only make things worse . 
  the reaction one has while reading these comments really depend on his state of mind . 
  i can see why they can be interpreted in different ways and upset a few people . 
  however , if read carefully and without passion , there was n't any belgium bashing . 
  according to what i 've read on the topic , people have to see the positive aspects of it : everybody ( british forces , cruiser crew , passengers ) have reacted in a very professional way . 
  kudos to all of them !, 
  additional details [ here ] ( http://www.meretmarine.com/fr/content/le-boreal-en-securite-aux-malouines ) in french . 
  la porte des lions is the best access obviously  but an intermediate level is at the carroussel . 
  the line at the second entrance is always quite short anyway . 
  as said in your link , france equipped rebels fighting both daesh and assad , they did not equip daesh . 
  why do you think sweden is one of the best in the world to live ? 
  i do n't think that sentiment is universal . 
  for example the weather would be a blocker for me . 
  profit tax is at 30 % in france but you have plenty of ways to reduce it when you 're a large corporation , hence why it is displayed in the graph at 8.7 % here . 
  however avoiding labour taxes is almost impossible and that 's why you see the correct percentage 51.7 % . 
  this graph seems to be what is collected from taxes after any kind of tax optimization techniques . 
  at least for france , those numbers are based on what has been collected , not theoretical rates . 
  and french people think it 's different in other countries while the situation is more complex than that . 
  comparing the tax structure and benefits of france and denmark would not be at the advantage of france . 
  your notion of lingua franca is very simplistic . 
  try to integrate in south america while not speaking spanish or portuguese . 
  not speaking the language of the country will limit your integration all the time and english is just not sufficient . 
  your comment does sound like a very personal experience . 
  mine is that i have never seen anyone arrogant enough to refuse to speak english . 
  however , they do n't want to speak it because they suck at it , yes . 
  greenwich market and borough market are tourist traps , even if there are some nice things - it 's just my opinion of course . 
  i have yet to visit the south of italy but a smaller city like parma would be nice , or in the countryside near florence . 
  roma would also be amazing . 
  i love living in london , just not the food part . 
  living in italy is one my dream to be honest . 
  thanks for trying , i really appreciate .
