  but we come to the same conclusion : nothing at less than 45 minutes . 
  i miss paris ... 
  i 'm in zone 2 ( greenwich ) , barely nothing around here unfortunately . 
  unless you are in the micro-center of london , it 's an absolute disaster around here . 
  i live in the south-east and i ca n't find a decent italian restaurant . 
  let 's not talk about french restaurant , it 's even worse . 
  i 've been to 2 games with france so far . 
  every single english people seems to be rooting for the other team no watter what . 
  it 's a 2-way thing . 
  sorry let me rephrase : percentages comparing gross values of imports / exports and gbp . 
  it does n't mean you 're necessarily wrong , there is just one step missing . 
  not sure i understand your comment . 
  you seem to imply a correlation between the ratio of imports / exports to gdp with the dependency of a country to imports / exports . 
  there is a missing piece in your analysis : you need to consider the contribution of imports / exports to gdp to understand the dependency , not the gross values . 
  completely agreed with you . 
  but there is another way to look at it : this type of attack is super rare , hence why it 's making the headline . 
   does anyone actually feel european over their own nationality ? 
  i do - far from being a singular case . 
   the fda is far more strict regarding what can be legally sold than any eu body is . 
  not what i 've heard but i 'm no expert . 
  my contacts used to say the fda focuses on different safety axis than their european counterparts , not that they were stricter in absolute value . 
  anyone to confirm / infirm ? 
  and leaving france dealing with your immigrants is a friendly act ? 
  deal with it , you ca n't continue asking for extra-privileges anymore . 
  i 'll stop there : i ca n't see any reason france should block them leaving the country . 
  we 've played nicely with the uk from the start , it has to end since it 's too one-sided . 
  it 's the eu 's job to protect its borders , not france by itself - that would n't make sense . 
  it 's highly unrealistic to consider that you can control eu 's borders perfectly . 
  the consequence is that you will always have some of them ( a few thousands like now ) wishing to go to the uk . 
  the only solution is to let them go and provide assistance to the uk while considering their asylum . 
  i ca n't see anything else . 
  they will request asylum , they have to provide it to you . 
  i will seem biased but the uk is the only one with a solution here . 
  they want to live in the uk , not france . 
  you should process their asilum ( since that 's what they want ) and accept / refuse based on your criteria . 
  at least you will know what their country of origin is since they 're not telling us . 
  # 250 million is small compared to the uk budget , it is a minor spend overall . 
  it is a way to divert from thinking about the remaining 99 + % . 
  and uk expects the same for its 3 million citizens living in the eu . 
  edit : my bad , 1.2 millions . 
  do n't mind me , i was just looking at the [ facts ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/quote/gbpeur:cur ) . 
   the pound has been on the decline since then not really , the pounds was doing well since 2013 and started to go down in 2015 when the referendum was announced . 
   so you 're saying that when we sort all the agreements with the eu out , trade deals in place and other trade offers come in from other places , then the pound wont go up ?? 
  potentially , it could . 
  but the trade deals will not be as beneficial to the uk as they are now . 
  the uk would still be in a position of structural competitive weakness . 
  in my opinion , coming back to last year level in the coming 10 years in highly unlikely . 
  if you have confidence that it would bounce back yes . 
  but i do n't see anyone being confident about that . 
  the decline of the pound started when the referendum was announced , about one year ago . 
  so more like 25 % down . 
  let me rephrase : the number of migrants coming to france is so low the french opinion does not care . 
  as such , the `` migrant '' crisis was n't a hot topic and our politics reflect that . 
  even made up , this number will be close to reality in my opinion . 
  but hey , i 'm just a stranger on the internet . 
  15 mpg is 15.68 litres per 100km . 
  that 's far from great . 
  yes , all modes of public transportation . 
  you would go shopping by car in paris ? 
  compare : - eu exports to the uk - to overall eu exports to other countries than the uk now do the opposite . 
  conclusion : the eu is much more important to the uk than the opposite . 
  you can twist in any way you want , you 'll always get the same conclusion . 
  it is a loss to the eu , there 's no denying in that , but marginal . 
  while it is critical for the uk . 
  you do realise that the eu market is much more important for the uk than the opposite ? 
  largest and most powerful country ? 
  no , actually the third one . 
  so , yes , it would hurt the eu , but much less than it would hurt the uk . 
  then there is no notion of punishment in anything the eu has done so far , the eu is starting to focus on its interest and not the uk interest and you 're not used to that . 
  could you explain a bit more ? 
  i believe the complete opposite ( very weak position ) so i am curious to understand your reasoning . 
  as much as i share your point of view ( remain voters are not treated as they should ) , i also want to add that i have witnessed behaviours from the remain side that i did not appreciate today . 
  in my office , they were all defending the delay to activate the article 50 because it 's in the uk interest . 
  none has expressed that it 's in the interest of the 27 countries left in the eu to do it now . 
  i do understand your point of view , but these people should respect the eu and not act in such a selfish way . 
  the uk voters have created a mess , they should be careful to limit its impact to the uk as much as possible . 
  you should n't take the share values and compare them directly . 
  you have to convert both into usd ( or a pool of currencies ) . 
  if you convert to usd , the situation was better in the eu than in the uk as the pound is falling quicker than the euro . 
  that 's too bad . 
  spanish is relatively easy and opens us to amazing countries in central / south america . 
  madrid would be lovely for me !, 
  i never understood that argument , your country is free to use those subsidies the same way french farmer do , right ? 
  there is nothing specific about france in those regulations , it just happens we have more farmers , correct ? 
  not trying to challenge you , just trying to understand . 
  yep , i still do n't get why they did not get more tickets , a shame . 
  i do n't think it will be acceptable on the long term to have a country levelling everybody down . 
  you ca n't just look for prosperity at the expense of others within your own union . 
  yep , looking forward to it . 
  you finally have the chance to avenge henry and at the same time your fans have given a great image of your country , well done !, 
  i am actually asking france to change its tax system to align more with yours : ie a single tax , transparent and without loopholes everywhere . 
  of course , the french rate will be higher than yours but we 'll actually have ways to compare . 
  and i do think tax dumping is bad for everyone in a union in the end , but that will have to be for later . 
  did you know that france has a lower effective corporate tax rate than ireland for mega-corporations ? 
  i think the purpose is to have the same tax structure than you , not to have the same rate . 
  this would mean getting rid of plenty of tax loopholes in our regulations . 
  great , i see your point and i agree with you then - thanks for your insights . 
  so , you prefer the eu helps those countries have more favourable fiscal policy instead of direct aids for activities in line with the eu objectives ? 
  i 'm not sure i have an opinion on that point to be honest . 
  my view is that i would prefer to have an harmonised tax structure being defined across the eu .
