as a sicilian it saddens me to see `` sicilian '' in the headline and know the article is going to be about the mafia somehow . 
  perhaps we ought to consider people who make meth their own ethnicity that way you can argue that removing their children from their custody is a kind of eugenics . 
  mafiaoso is not an ethnicity . 
  as a sicilian all i can say is : good . 
  no child deserves to be raised by criminals . 
   ok , now bring on the downvotes , i 'm ready ... you 're welcome !, 
  they should play wow . 
  i did n't mean to equate it with fascism . 
  i meant simply that when such a large percentage of the population is out of work - especially the youth - fascists and other extremist groups will look better to those people . 
  basically , the euro bank is showing young greeks that their democratic institutions are either failures , or not really democratic at all . 
  either way non-democratic political movements looks better in comparison . 
  the euro central bank is doing a great job making fascism seem really appealing !, 
  seems like a good idea to me . 
  in the us lefty blogs they call it the 27 % crazification factor . 
  i think the best way to think about them is that beppo grillo is like the italian michael moore . 
  do n't hold back . 
  tell us how you really feel . 
  the wheels of italian justice turn slowly , but often they fail to grind at all . 
  my understanding is that his chances are not good . 
  i agree with you that there will short term pain since the greek government ca n't pay for things . 
  but it might be worth it to get away from the pure-shit policies the trioka 's been forcing down their throats for the past 5 years . 
  given that the trioka seems intent on destroying the greek economy anyways why should greeks continue to let themselves be blackmailed ? 
  if you want an economic explanation : people prefer to punish bad behavior even if that leads to short-run costs . 
  bad behavior like : refusing to take responsibility for your own profligate lending . 
  utc still have leap seconds and the like . 
  if you did n't know that may god have mercy on your code . 
  of course . 
  but it easy to forget that a day is n't always 24 hours when writing cron jobs and things like that . 
  as a computer programmer i agree with this 100 % . 
  a bit out of date . 
  i 'm thinking it 'll go a little something like this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=cisrrn3wolk#t=10s, 
  i 'm sure there 's plenty of prescriptivist definitions we could come up with that would make more sense . 
  but if we want to communicate clearly we ought to use words the way actual people actually understand them . 
  in the us at least , `` libertarian '' already has a meaning . 
  and it 's closer to the one i give than the one you do . 
  austrian economics is n't real economics and american cheese is n't real cheese . 
  so , no . 
  fair enough . 
  i guess there 's always going to be conflict when two different language groups like this come together with different definitions of the same thing . 
  maybe it 'd better to call them euro-libertarianism and amero-libertarianism . 
  it 's kind of sad to have your country 's name so besmirched . 
  here in the us we feel the same way about [ american cheese ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/american_cheese ) . 
  right . 
  but it 's important to note that they also define coercion in a weird way . 
  for them , an employer demanding that workers have an abortion or risk loosing their job is not coercion in any way . 
  that 's the real difference between libertarians and other philosophies . 
  i think we cede too much if we adopt a `` no true scotsman '' approach to naming conventions . 
  i do n't think it 's useful to redefine `` libertarian '' in a way that 's radically at odds with how people use the term in politics . 
  tl ; dr : libertarianism is as libertarianism does . 
  let 's not sugar coat it . 
  fair enough . 
  maybe you could slowly shrink the rome subsidy over time so it does n't happen all at once . 
  right . 
  i think the argument is , if sicilian voters felt there was a direct tie between their high taxes , and the lavish political jobs , they 'd be more apt to get rid of it . 
  taking rome out of the tax/spend loop might help that . 
  it 's all a social construct so we should n't expect these terms to make literal sense . 
  it 's the euphemism treadmill : as soon as one term becomes popular they introduce a new term so it 's easy to distinguish those `` in the know '' . 
  i think the socially acceptable term is `` people of color '' . 
  it 's basically the same idea . 
  if you have a problem with actual policies advocated by these groups then i suggest you actually spell out what they are . 
  if you 're just complaining that a group is participating in democracy and you do n't like them i advise you to move to a totalitarian dictatorship ( saudi arabia springs to mind ! ) . 
  in a democracy people are allowed to organize around their interests regardless of whether some internet blow-hard thinks that interest is a good or bad . 
  personally , i would prefer for everyone to become atheist like me . 
  but i have enough respect for democracy to put forth * actual arguments * instead of just stammering about how unfair it is that some people are participating in democracy . 
  i did n't realize it was so popular among the europeans that frequented reddit . 
  if you were attacking only the intolerant that would be a different story . 
  instead you choose to tar an entire religion . 
  that 's bad logic and bad strategy . 
  i 've known more than one muslim in my life . 
  they have all embodied the religious tolerance which european culture had the privilege of introducing to the world . 
  attack the intolerant if you want . 
  leave them out of it . 
  as i said , i agree that some muslims - just like some christians - are intolerant and ought to be stopped . 
  the problem is instead of complaining about specific groups or individuals which have violated the social contract the op has chosen to violate the social contract himself by attacking a religion as such instead of the bad actions of some of it 's members . 
  if muslims had a strict hierarchy like the catholic church you might be able to make a case that * all * muslims believe x , y , z. 
  but they do n't . 
  indeed , they have quite a wide variety of beliefs and this kind of blatant attacks on the right to religion will only strengthen those intolerant conservative elements which we hate . 
  i take pride in my european heritage . 
  part of that heritage is an ethos that allows others to follow their faith so long as it does n't violate the rights of others . 
  while there may be muslim individuals who do run afoul of this rule , it is not the muslim religion per se that is the problem . 
  the history of europe is of bigots like you being overpowered and of new and weird ethnicities and religions being accommodated and integrated . 
  whether you like it or not , it will happen for muslims just like it happened for jews , protestants , catholics , and atheists . 
  it 's sad that this contentless whining has gotten any upvotes at all . 
  what the heck kind of people hang out on r/europe ? 
  whoa . 
  it 's almost as if people who say reality has a liberal bias are speaking in a * not altogether literal manner * . 
  personally , i ca n't stand for that . 
  i 'm the mayor of literalville . 
  is it appropriate to use government power to wage culture war ? 
  as an american this seems wrong to me . 
  if you think your culture is better than maybe you should set about trying to convince people to adopt it rather than using government to force people around . 
  i 'm no lawyer but i think this hinges on what `` legal tender '' means . 
  what is a fact is that people have set up many local currencies in the us without trouble . 
  the liberty dollar is a completely different issue . 
  you have on tape the creator of the dollar telling a cashier ( who obviously is n't empowered to accept non us currencies ) that `` this is the new 20 dollar piece '' strongly implying that it is legal us dollars . 
  that 's fraud plain and simple . 
   here is the law they were violating dude , check the link . 
  that 's not what it says . 
  not only is it legal to make your own currency , the fed even put out a pdf explaining how to do it !, 
  http://www.clevelandfed.org/research/commentary/1998/0401.pdf also , the liberty dollar was raided because it 's inventor was committing fraud : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eygdvub8mja&amp;t=5m16s in the video the fraud is clear : he 's leading people to believe that their legitimate tender for us dollar denominated debts when in fact they are not .
