  is it really on top though ? 
  looks like it 's not from the angle . 
  is there any recorded battle for this castle ? 
  why is there no castle on top of this bad ass mountain ? 
  when you think it can get lower than the current situation ... 
  did someone took a dump here and called it a mountain ? 
  that level of `` we do n't care '' , very impressive !, 
  ahahah , this is getting better and better !, 
  mania dump is the only hottie in this dumpster . 
  why is their french on the german identity card ? 
  ban this shit once and for all , religious or not . 
  what if god likes rainbows ? 
  good luck with that !, 
  according to some studies , it 's not entirely true : https://www.backpacker.com/news-and-events/hallelujah-beer-hydrates-better-than-water#sthash.mhq3jbti.dpuf but too much of it ca n't be good for sure . 
  hopefully you guys know how to drink , you wo n't die of dehydration , 
  the minority they are always speaking of when terrorists attacks happens is actually the peaceful one . 
  prison should not be a happy and comfortable place . 
  or maybe provide different housing depending on the crime . 
  global warming is not a thing !, 
  [ spoiler ] it 's sad she got stoned to death at the end of the book . 
  [ / spoiler ], 
  same happened to me during an air show on a cloudy day with quite some wind . 
  i did not have a cap on or sunscreen ... was quite surprise when i saw my face at the end of the day , half of my face was red purplish . 
  ah ah that 's fucking hilarious !, 
  i agree , it 's impossible to put senses in a god zealot mind . 
  it 's doomed to fail ... after it has costed millions of euros . 
  nice picture for once . 
  we need more trees in cities . 
  can we talk about the combinaison of sunscreen + sand ... damn i hated that when i was a kid . 
  now i just do n't go to the beach anymore :d, 
  i 'm sweating just by looking at these numbers ... one reason why i just will never live in any southern country . 
  how many layers of dikes is there to prevent such catastrophy ? 
  and now you can put all the migrant to work , brillant !, 
  small and hairy ^ ^ s ^ ^ o ^ ^ r ^ ^ r ^ ^ y, 
  what does the polish people think of him ? 
  does he have a good image over there ? 
  ahah , very nice story !, 
  no we are going to build a great wall , the best wall . 
  and they only send their strongest male to satisfy our females if needed . 
  nice , but they could have made it smaller too ... 
  metric system is the best . 
  well he can shove his prize into his ass . 
  it looks really nice . 
  they should be afraid ... `` germany has prepared a plan '' . 
  `` in the land of the blind , the one-eyed man is king '', 
  that was the sole purpose , to piss off russia . 
  and it worked !, 
   la\u00efcit\u00e9 this ship has already sailed away ... sorry : /, 
  display theirs heads on pike like it used to be done . 
  `` you should n't judge a book by its cover '' ahah, 
  hope this one wo n't rape any children . 
  well , well , well ... what a surprise . 
  and surely there is no similar profile out there right now ? 
  we are just waiting for it to happen again and again . 
  tit  all, 
  welcome to the fold !, 
  well it 's two different things . 
  one was supposed to be dismantled the other not . 
  hateful people ... you could not imagine a worse image for a religion than these fanatics , seriously depressing . 
  about time it 's recognized as such . 
  i wonder what paris would be without this pile of iron ... 
  the true victim of all of this are the atheists who have to witness and listen to all the atrocities committed by religious fanatics ( mostly muslims nowadays ) . 
  no trump does n't represent the will of the 320 millions of americans the same way erdogan does not represent what all the turks think ( yeah , i 've just compared the usa with turkey , deal with it :d ) . 
  you really think trump is a competent leader ?!, 
  not saying obama was a saint , but the absurdity pulled by trump and his administration is mind-boggling !, 
  good news , we need a strong italy . 
  best place to play hide and seek with your black friend , 
  are there books on how to deal with white walkers ? 
  thank you president trump , with your help , europe is going to be stronger and more united than ever before , 
  nice  they can die there , i do n't care for a bit . 
  too much gold for me . 
  plus the chairs do n't look that confortable too . 
  amazing !, 
  but i bet this place can get quite cold in winter ( unless you start a bonfire in the middle of the room :p ) . 
  i was very sceptical of macron during the campaign , but in the space of a few days he 's given me hope again . 
  now we just need a strong government around him and we are set . 
  i need more wahhabism in my life . 
  please let them come . 
  well you can also get e coli from fresh vegetables . 
  you are just jealous !, 
  europe created mankind and god ( and possibly earth too , not sure about that ) , europe is the greatest . 
  arte does have good programs and documentaries . 
  hope it will inspire other countries to do the same . 
  stop spreading your freedom and equality , we do n't want it :o), 
  we are all doomed !, 
   he participated in the occupied france vichy regime . 
  i discovered that a few months ago and was very surprised !, 
  my favorite too , i think it 's a good summary of the situation , 
  wow morocco  congo , i would have thought the contrary since congo was actually a former colony . 
  why is morocco this highly over-represented in belgium ? 
  people are getting paid to fish migrants from the sea . 
  it wo n't stop soon . 
  because its men lose their parts apparently . 
  religion is just a different kind of drug . 
  are you comparing erdogan with a toddler ? 
  you have to comprehend that these kind of dictator ( erdogan or putin ) will keep pushing your boundaries to see how far they can get away with . 
  and while you have `` saved your face '' he has invading ukraine , good job mate , 
  all hail the $ uro !, 
  ahah well done , hope he got punched in its stupid face . 
  this is the kind of things that make europe appears weak .
