i already answered this . 
  tl ; dr : it was not a good thing in itself , but if it was the price of preserving gaelic games , then it was worth paying . 
  around 40 % overall can speak it , but only a minority of youths can speak it ( < 5 % ) it if i recall correctly , so you are technically correct . 
  i wo n't bother correcting it though since it does n't substantially change the point , and i was only using it as an illustrative example . 
  yes i know , someone in / r/ireland called it a cultural genocide . 
  it was good for my country overall - we needed to escape from britain 's shadow and preserve or own culture , or we would have always had a colonial mentality and thought of ourselves as inferior . 
  besides the british brought it on themselves with their behaviour - if they had treated us better , it would have been possible to consider yourself both british and irish whilst keeping your self respect . 
  it might be handy to think of it as a soft and benign version of what the poles did to the germans after ww2 . 
  also by inoculating the population to hate british people , it guaranteed we would not be vulnerable to soft power or flattered into coming back and being taken advantage of again . 
  remember the british empire was still oppressing people at the time . 
  on the other hand it contributed to poisonous relations with our nearest neighbour , and convinced the unionists up north that they had to do everything and anything to avoid reunification , which sparked the troubles in northern ireland . 
  we were also obviously weakened by having to spend energy dealing with a threat that never came . 
  i am very glad we 're all friends now . 
  but in the case of catalonia , i am only saying what they are doing or might want to do , not whether or not it is good or bad . 
  the parallels are so exact , that i ca n't help but extrapolate . 
  irish home rule was frustrated by the army and the uk conservative party - the latter was partially only doing it for electoral reasons . 
  after 40 years of being disrespected and other important reasons , we just said fuck it , and voted in sinn f\u00e9in and decided to go for full on independence because we would always be in danger from the english . 
  likewise thanks to the pp , the catalans are likely weighing a similar calculation with respect to franco and the right . 
  of course the spanish today would never do such a thing , but it is a matter of trust , and being used as political football is not good for trust . 
  initially by the way , we did n't expect a violent insurrection , we just thought it would be abstention from the parliament and civil disobedience . 
  so you can be surprised at how things could spiral out of control . 
  do n't the catalans have a tradition of fighting the rest of the country and losing ? 
  just like us . 
  i do n't think this is very likely though , but it is worth thinking about given that we are in roughly the same situation : one part of a `` natural '' country ( iberia , the isles ) is toying with secession because it feels oppressed , and the situation is is proceeding the same way so far , it does not seem to be unreasonable to extrapolate into the future . 
  i do n't think even the pro-independence catalans are absolutely set on secession at all though , but just lack confidence that an amicable solution can be found within spain thanks to the whole estatut thing . 
  but if the pp does something stupid , then the whole nation willunite as one against rest of the country and that will be that . 
  i am not an expert , but i think they feel like you do n't take their opinion seriously since the whole autonomy statute thing ? 
  again , the morality of secession is outside my knowledge , i am just saying what will happen - the catalans will stop feeling spanish . 
  i never said it was good or bad . 
  in the case of ireland it was a justified reaction to literally centuries of oppression , and britain * literally * throwing away every single one of many chances to fix things . 
  but many irish people served in the army and so on . 
  it is still a matter of regret for british people how their country broke up , though i ca n't say how much . 
  the union probably could have been saved up until around 1900 - 1918 . 
  irish independence was probably the biggest political upset of the past 100 years in the uk , and did n't have to happen at all in the slightest , and likely would n't have if it were n't for 1916 . 
  it was bit like corbyn where people just got sick of it and changed their mind en masse once someone presented an alternative vision . 
  my point is that if catalonia becomes independent , they wo n't be spaniards anymore after a while , the generalitat will see to that , especially if the divorce is nasty . 
  we never succeeded in getting rid of english or rugby , but we otherwise did a decent job of purging the country of british influence after winning our independence and leaving the british commonwealth . 
  in 1922 the king was popular , by 1980s the queen was a hate figure . 
  cricket used to be fairly popular , but it was obliterated by the gaa rule prohibiting people from playing `` garrison games '' . 
  all the southern unionists who remained were assimilated by the third generation - some of them were even in sinn f\u00e9in . 
  in addition to preserving their culture , by forcing people to use catalan , they are guaranteeing that if any spanish people or other immigrants ( sorry ! ), 
  come to catalonia , within a generation or two , they will be loyal catalans . 
  like how all the germans in alsace-lorraine are now french and have forgotten their alsatian dialect . 
  its what the people genuinely wanted - 60 % voted in favour . 
  everyone at the time was catholic after all and believed abortion was murdering babies , so why would n't they ? 
  this is a democracy , not an elective aristocracy . 
  i suppose if you trust the d\u00e1il with the constitution ... 
  the referendum acts as a check on our elites , and the constitution belongs to the irish people and so it should n't be changed without our consent . 
  besides if something ca n't pass a referendum , you probably wo n't get a supermajority either . 
  you would never get a two thirds majority for something like this in any case - the single transferable vote means that it is dangerous for a legislator to offend a minority because a ) he might need their lower order preferences b ) its very easy for a new candidate to swoop in and take his seat by pandering to that minority since you ca n't waste your vote . 
  germany is many things , but weak is not one of them . 
  gib monie plz or else migrants ? 
  this is n't going to get better unfortunately , every time one of the other 27 gets pissed off , they 'll nurse a grudge forever . 
  as i said , as of now catalan banks can ask the banco de espana and the ecb for emergency assistance to cover deposits . 
  plus a fixed rate exchange system willl break down eventually like argentina or ireland in 1973 ( and greece ? 
  ) , and taking on debts in a currency you do n't control is dangerous . 
  as we all know that already . 
  i think that sooner or later you will be backed into corner and forced to issue your own money . 
  it 's just too complicated to tell what will happen because there are so many levels , but i am a pessimist based on experience . 
  this came up a few days ago : http://news.yahoo.com/bank-spain-warns-catalonia-secession-mean-euro-exit-113512353--finance.html, 
  in order to use the euro , catalan banks would need emergency liquidity assistance from some competent central bank in the eurozone , but which bank would do it ? 
  thus the atms in catalonia will switch off , forcing them to use their currency . 
  like what almost happened in greece . 
  i suppose the ecb could in principle do it directly on its own , but that would set an uncomfortable precedent . 
  so it will likely leave the euro , which would wreck havoc with the treaties and cause an awful mess . 
  it is very hard to tell though obviously . 
  if one country leaves the euro , it will change from a monetary union , where everyone shares the same money , into a system of fixed exchange rates with the same paper money that can be left if a country wants it sufficiently badly . 
  this will obviously gravely undermine confidence in the euro in the long run since there is a precedent that it can be undone . 
  worse if catalonia does well , it will tempt other countries to leave too . 
  if on the other hand the rest of the eu gangs up on catalonia , then the project will lose its authority and encourage euroscepticism , making its break up more likely . 
  regardless of the eu 's reaction , if catalonia crashes , it will probably take spain down with it , and put spain 's eurozone membership at risk . 
  which would definitely kill the euro . 
  even if people only believe the euro is about to go , it would cause a bank run . 
  thanks to all that debt , spain does n't have the breathing room to protect its economy or its banks . 
  i suppose germany could bail them out , but it would probably cause riots over the sheer size of the bailout and fear they might end up having to bail out italy at some point . 
  the problem nowadays is `` political contagion '' , not `` economic contagion '', 
  do n't worry you 'll be back in the news at * some * point . 
  i think you 'll get more sympathy this time cause no one takes the institutions seriously anymore . 
  do n't forget the 2017 presidential election in france , the challenger marine le pen thinks france should leave the eu . 
  if catalonia leaves the eu , it leaves the eurozone , so it will be the end of the euro . 
  you are right , but in this case germany needs the exports more than other people need to buy because its economy is so dependent on external trade . 
  so in a game of chicken merkel would have to cave first , just as greece had to cave first . 
  i notice that the divide seems to be more between countries that had `` empires '' and those that did n't , considering ireland is more sceptical than its vote would suggest . 
  country that heavily depends on exports gives up a free trade zone ?!, 
  lol , i take it there wo n't be quotas at the summit then . 
  nah , this programme is doomed because the new taxes will strangle the economy . 
  here is one [ article ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/greece-death-spiral-eu-grexit-germany-austerity-crisis/ ) on the subject that i can remember from a few months ago . 
  third time 's the charm ? 
  just what the eu needs , another crisis where it will end up looking like a hamfisted bully . 
  certainly a nice change from threads about migration . 
  its on france24 , not some stupid site like worldnetdaily, 
  is n't he intervening in syria in order to show the eu how its done ? 
  this is going to start a war at this rate . 
  decentralisation - sending trains of civil servants up to belfast . 
  you 'll just see countries informally seceding by making it more difficult for german exports in all the little ways they can like `` randomly '' inspecting every truck from at the border germany for contraband , or deliberately obstructing the country in the eu 's institutions . 
  its like a horrible satire of irish politics . 
  you could imagine an irish politician trying to do something like this , but actually doing it ? 
  i only realised now just how eurosceptic i sound . 
  i 'm not actually opposed to a eurofederation so long as it is run on democratic principles . 
  the current one though has too much talking and not enough doing , so you have all this vaguely well meaning and impractical ideas coming out .
