  i know bosnia is enough of an abortion as it is ( a federation inside a federation so you can federation ? 
  ) , but have you two considered setting up some kind of common border ? 
  remember the eu has been built up over decades by an unaccountable bunch of elite `` limousine liberals '' that had the luxury of grandstanding and ignoring the public because they had no power . 
  now that they are starting to get real power , all the accumulated gunk is being shown . 
  this is why the head of the eu 's executive should be directly elected . 
   romanian voters have a high tolerance for corrupt people so did ireland until the country collapsed because our leaders were too busy partying and schmoozing to see the cliff in front of us despite multiple warnings . 
  i was speaking offhand , but sf are not left wing in the european sense considering they support 12.5 % corporation tax rates . 
  so modulo minority parties , i am correct . 
  labour spent more time looking after landlords by restricting the housing supply and lawyers by obstructing the legal reform bill than they did looking after the working class so i am not sure that they are centre left as such . 
  ireland was just recovering from a few hundred years of british occupation , but look how well we are doing 100 years later !, 
  ireland is the same , and is right next door . 
  i was referring to this whole idea of we should be proud of our collective european heritage, 
  most of these countries engaged in colonialism . 
  it is not obvious why i should be proud of the british empire or the second reich as an irishman for example . 
  the revolution in ireland was very similar to the iranian one in that it was driven by the deeply religious urban and rural poor who were suspicious of the urban elite . 
  it was also a way of getting back at the anglo-irish nobility for all the trouble they caused and selling out the country . 
  to prevent a repeat of the [ act of union 1800 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/acts_of_union_1800 ) . 
  that is , to stop britain from subverting or annexing the country by using to titles to bribe or flatter notables such as the political , business or media elite etc. 
  an example of a similar provision is article 15.2.2 : * `` the sole and exclusive power of making laws for the state is hereby vested in the oireachtas : no other legislative authority has power to make laws for the state . 
  '' * this prevents the two ways the government of the country has been overthrown historically . 
  the first is britain bribing our members of parliament into passing an act of union and joining up with britain as already mentioned . 
  relations with the uk are very good , so such paranoia is not really necessary anymore . 
  conveniently however , this also covers the eu , so our legislature ca n't just pass laws granting powers to brussels in a similar fashion . 
  you have to amend the constitution , which requires a referendum . 
  which is why ireland always votes on changes to the eu treaties . 
  the second way is that revolutionaries set up a parallel legislature , and then wage guerrilla [ warfare against the existing order ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_war_of_independence ) until they get legitimised , like syria . 
  very hard to do of course unless the government has lost its popular legitimacy . 
  i do n't get the big deal , here no citizen at all can accept awards or titles of nobility without the permission of the government , its in our consitution !, 
  while the rest of the article is a little off with the benefit of hindsight in many places ( germany vs russia ? , greece growing because of entrepreneurialism ? ), 
  the last part ( forecast ) seems bang on . 
  and this is why we never gave the likes of ukip or identity ireland the time of day . 
  ireland has a different notion of how a country should be run : the very first article of the constitution is `` the irish nation hereby affirms its inalienable , indefeasible , and sovereign right to choose its own form of government , to determine its relations with other nations , and to develop its life , political , economic and cultural , in accordance with its own genius and traditions . '', 
  this article is a reaction to previous colonial era attempts to `` civilise '' us , since we fought 6 wars and revolutions in order to win our right to decide our future , we are n't going to give it up . 
  if only you were ireland 's size : then you could run massive export surpluses and keep your head down !, 
  ireland is undoubtedly a parasite full stop . 
  at one stage , we were roughly like albania or kosovo or chechnya : an isolated , impoverished and corrupt region with a history of tribal conflict , smuggling , lawlessness , guerrilla warfare and so on . 
  a few decades after independence , we eventually stumbled upon the bright idea of channeling our entrepreneurial instincts into creating a lightly regulated , low tax libertarian paradise and using the tax revenue raised to keep all the various constituencies/tribes throughout the country sufficiently happy . 
  you noticed with the data protection thing just [ how hollowed out our regulators are ] ( http://www.publicinquiry.eu/2015/04/02/irish-cowboy-town-and-fake-regulatory-agencies/ ) . 
  the same fundamental pattern as 100 years ago i suppose , but its nice being rich . 
  oh , its never going to change . 
  the uk would never allow it because a ) it would draw attention their own tax issues b ) ireland channels tonnes of money into northern ireland c ) if we were kicked out of the euro , there would be a revolution , and who wants a failed state next door . 
  its bad enough already as it is with northern ireland . 
  besides , no way is the eu going to allow the recovery poster boy to stumble . 
  you did n't even read my comment !, 
  :  i think the system achieves a good balance of flexibility , popular support , and avoiding the tyranny of the majority . 
  we do n't even do direct democracy in any case : article 46 1 any provision of this constitution may be amended , whether by way of variation , addition , or repeal , in the manner provided by this article . 
  2 every proposal for an amendment of this constitution shall be initiated in d\u00e1il \u00c9ireann as a bill , and shall upon having been passed or deemed to have been passed by both houses of the oireachtas , be submitted by referendum to the decision of the people in accordance with the law for the time being in force relating to the referendum . 
  3 every such bill shall be expressed to be `` an act to amend the constitution '' . 
  4 a bill containing a proposal or proposals for the amendment of this constitution shall not contain any other proposal . 
  5 a bill containing a proposal for the amendment of this constitution shall be signed by the president forthwith upon his being satisfied that the provisions of this article have been complied with in respect thereof and that such proposal has been duly approved by the people in accordance with the provisions of section 1 of article 47 of this constitution and shall be duly promulgated by the president as a law . 
  germany is located in the middle of the continent - this makes you very rich , but surrounded on all sides by jealous and/or insecure powers . 
  but come on , you 're not supposed to be digging this up again !!, 
  you had the exact same thing with ireland and the uk : the same basic pattern of conflict being repeated over and over again in different guises . 
  and the solution was the same in both cases : bury the hatchet and keep it buried . 
  ( the troubles in northern ireland was basically a repeat of the anglo-irish war in some ways . 
  on the irish side , there was a bit of * dolchsto\u00dflegende * given that the british forces in ireland were starting to disintegrate by the time the treaty was signed . 
  on the other hand the british were butthurt that they got beaten by such a tiny nation when they were such a strong power , and felt somewhat betrayed by the breakup of their country and our neutrality in ww2 . 
  so the stage was set for a stubborn and lengthy conflict where both parties were reasonably certain that victory was just around the corner , and eventually the other side would give up and yield . ), 
  as a way of differentiating ourselves from the uk and attracting fdi , great . 
  but dealing with the ` germans was not part of the deal . 
  so far it seems to be worth the trouble though , if we end up paying taxes to subsidise the south , less so . 
   insanity like voting on whether women should be allowed to abort that ended up [ exactly happening ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eighth_amendment_of_the_constitution_of_ireland ) weirdly enough . 
  but i do n't see the harm in giving the people a veto over any amendments , after all the legislators had to pass the bill to amend the constitution before we could have a vote about it . 
  the referendum acts as a check on the political class , and incentivises small steady changes that make sense to everyone instead of big huge documents like the eu constitution , an overly complex document risks being voted down since people ca n't under stand it . 
  i think the system achieves a good balance of flexibility , popular support , and avoiding the tyranny of the majority . 
  the republic of ireland is a direct scion of the french republic , so respect for human rights a those values is sort of embedded in our culture . 
  i think the continent is more sceptical of the majority , but it works well in ireland . 
  you could argue that the irish war of independence was the first example of a fascist movement , that is violent extreme nationalism spawned by people losing faith in the ballot box . 
  we pioneered the rural-urban guerrilla , set up a parallel state and keep the population in line tactics the isis and the such use . 
  but once the free state was won , eventually everyone gave up their guns and went to the ballot box . 
  so nationalism has a good reputation in ireland . 
  i had the irish system in mind - only the legislature can propose constitutional amendments , but the people must approve of them them by referendum or else they are invalid . 
  in the swiss system people can both propose and approve . 
  obviously direct representation would fail - eventually small states like malta would get sick of being trampled over by direct initiatives from countries like france or germany and leave . 
  as for the eu 's benefits - i never said it was uniformly evil , i just said that it tends to be too distant from people and a little contemptuous of democracy and that its political organisation is unsuited for a voluntary confederation of 28 different nationalities . 
   ... military ireland would demand strong control or a unsc veto in order to preserve our good reputation from being a former colony ( ireland has amongst the highest number of isis members given our size , but islamic terrorist incidents * never * happen here ) . 
  if we form an eu army , we would be agreeing to share the burden of colonialism with the bigger countries - our reputation would be on the line if everyone else decides to set up a sphere of influence in the periphery for example . 
  we wo n't join the commonwealth for the same reason - we do n't want to help britain with her colonial problems even though we have good relations . 
  the french wanted to build a cage to contain you after , you know prussia , the kaiserreich etc. 
  i 'm not sure locking themselves in the cage with you at the same time was the best idea though . 
  if the eu were more like the swiss confederation : barest minimum needed to work , easy to understand , every transfer of power ratified by referendum , strong respect for autonomy and diversity , transfers of powers are carefully thought out , it would be very popular . 
  instead its like the soviet union : over centralising , ideological , elite driven , secretive , bureaucratic , tries to homogenise the population , tries to ignore no votes whenever it can , half arsed federalisation that works well during the good times but fails during a crisis . 
  i would say there is a problem with [ thuggish eastern europeans ] ( http://www.independent.ie/regionals/kerryman/news/teen-jailed-for-conspiracy-to-assault-stephen-lyne-27418464.html ) around kerry if we were n't at least [ as bad ourselves ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/home-of-the-rose-is-now-plagued-with-thorns-26558890.html ) . 
  ( i live literally 10 mins walk away from where the man was killed ), 
  you are just rephrasing what the finmin said in emotional language . 
  we get it . 
  germans do n't like deficits . 
  now could you elaborate on why he is wrong ? 
  he did correctly predict that these cutbacks would cause a recession for example when everyone in germany was predicting growth . 
  jabhat al-nusra are considered moderate and pleasant people , at least since the fsa was annihilated . 
  tbh , the difference is zilch in practice , it just means that the eu is formally a treaty organisation between the members states , rather than a real country as such . 
  the point is the eu has no sovereignty of its own , it just makes use of whatever sovereignty the member states voluntarily choose to let it have , and they can take it back if they want . 
  that said , it can do things like negotiate treaties and enter into foreign relations , and has a directly elected parliament , so the line is blurry . 
  there is no need to create a federation , the eu just needs to have simplified structures so ordinary people can tell what the fuck is going on , which will improve accountablity , which will improve the eu 's structures more , which will improve accountability ... whilst preserving people 's trust in the eu . 
  compare the constitution for the [ german confederation ] ( https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/constitution_of_the_german_empire ) and the eu constitution . 
  they should introduce the single transferable vote like ireland , which was historically always a bit tribal : our system is designed to let every individual district bargain for a piece of the moolah , without any region being left out . 
  if we ca n't settle a deal , we just hold new elections instead of having a civil war . 
  this looks like pure clickbait to be honest from that `` newspaper '' going on about `` health and safety '', 
  i think he meant in relative terms . 
  the eu needs to tidy itself up in anycase and make up its mind if its a confederation ( an overarching level of government that gets its sovereignty from the member states , as opposed to a federation which is a legitimate popular government in its own right ) or an intergovernmental organisation .
