  turkey glorifies genociders ? 
  source ? 
   * ^ ^ prepares ^ ^ to ^ ^ attack ^ ^ greece ^ ^ and ^ ^ serbia ^ ^ for ^ ^ no ^ ^ reason * it 's always justified to fight against those filthy barbarians tbh . 
  the sentence above is also a summarization of balkan politics :d, 
  rule turcia turcia rule the waves, 
  turkey is schizophrenic ? 
  oh noes look at those `` im totes not mad '' smileys !, 
  you sure showed those turks my friend . 
  for you . 
  sure thing homeboy . 
  nah , this is the sentence which europeans think it triggers us but actually do n't . 
  trying too hard . 
  this actually triggered me . 
  it 's pretty much the same but they can eat both pork and beef/lamb so they 're at an advantage . 
  lmao netherlands rekt more like neverlands, 
  it 's a bit more than a historical artifact . 
  are n't you guys banned from anschlussing them ? 
  nah , turkey 's too greecy . 
  do n't we usually beat poland at volleyball ? 
  is armenian a type of curtains or something ? 
  never heard of it . 
  wow . 
  genocide is truly the solution to everything . 
  i love darkness . 
  i would marry the darkness if i could . 
  our choices are a disgusting disease and the zika virus ? 
  damn . 
  yeah . 
  if it were up to me i 'd genocide the stars . 
  i fucking love winter and detest s * mmer . 
  i 'd love a cold climate instead of this mediterranean one . 
  a cold coffee from greece . 
   do n't forget disposable grills !, 
  well , that 's very sexist . 
  please use the word womyn from now on . 
  frappe is shitty as fuck . 
  i drank a few times in greece and did not enjoy it at all . 
  thank god we 're not considered to be a european nation . 
  this means we 're vaccinated right ? 
  phew , dodged a bullet . 
  imperialism ? 
  more like enlightening those pesky barbaric northeners smh . 
  it 's just banter t.bh, 
  haha yeah * looks around nervously *, 
  reeeeeeeeeeeee give wien, 
   france not being against russia triple entente when ? 
  yeah , if albania is allowed to join so should australia / s, 
  thanks lad, 
  interesting username for a greek guy living in sweden . 
  kek, 
  does the owl signify philosophy ? 
  i think he was joking lad . 
  can turks join armenian armed forces ? 
  can you tl ; dr the rule changes , since turkey has not joined for the last 4 years , i 'm not caught up with the events . 
  it was deleted , what was it ? 
  something something molon labe, 
  and still performed better than austria hungary , who basically collapsed . 
  we already have eu4 . 
  vassals and conquering . 
  post proof . 
  last time i checked 75 % of the country was for secularism . 
  you simply have to conquer them before they westernize . 
   similar flags  similar name  both slavs you ca n't blame those people . 
  redundant question , of course he has . 
  on mobile , where are you from ? 
  the easiest imo , you can literally expand in any direction , you can easily westernize by taking vienna , you can btfo coalitions easily , your can easily can many ducats by merely controlling crimea , aleppo , alexandria , basra and constantinople trade nodes , hell , you can even form colonies in southeast asia without much problems . 
  it 's not up to you to decide that . 
  thankfully . 
  you 're entitled to your opinions of course . 
  by all means , nato does not deserve that airfield then . 
  that is pretty cute actually :d, 
  you killed my mood :(, 
  since i 'm not serious . 
  fite me is a meme-y way of saying fight me btw you have plebian tastes . 
  you do n't understand that nato does not care for values , or wheter if the country is a dictatorship or not . 
  this ai n't the eu , we get to stay in nato , because we 're useful to nato . 
  i do n't know if you noticed but us is allies with saudi arabia . 
  do you think us cares for saudi arabia 's human rights record , how it treats woman or the rights of saudi people ? 
  but perhaps betray is the wrong word . 
  why ? 
  because we seek other allies if our previous allies betray us ? 
  you 're not making any sort of sense . 
  i 've never heard of that , and if i google `` buffalo s\u00fct\u00fc baklava '' ( s\u00fct = milk ) , i do n't get any results . 
  kek , i wonder where you heard that . 
  i took a break from dancing on the graves of my foes , i 'm shitposting for the time being . 
  and it 's going marvelously . 
   it 's not like they would ally with russia or anything ... haha try and see, 
  kick us out then , o dear armchair general . 
  do n't you understand that if we were kicked out , which will never happen but let 's say it did , the turkish public would absolutely detest the west ? 
  it would seriously take no time for turkey to ally with other powers if it were kicked out . 
  i 'm glad if this deal fails . 
  i do n't want any more refugees . 
  how many migrants have you took ? 
  just because we 're unfortunate enough to be their neighbors , it does n't mean only their neighbors should take the refugees . 
  albania , kosovo and montenegro do n't have data , so it looks like you annexed them . 
  fite me i 'm really patriotic about tea, 
  i 'm pretty sure tea got popular here during ww1 . 
  are these plebs even trying ? 
  jesus christ , rest of the world , step it up . 
  the line is really blurred in things like this , it could be theirs or it could be persian or arabic or of course turkish .
