aaaand you can always trust serbia to kiss russia 's ass . 
  thanks for being consistent serbia . 
  is your name turkish or is it a coincidence ? 
  actually i had different plans for her ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) http://witcher.wikia.com/wiki/ithlinne's_prophecy, 
  i know a certain head-of-state that would not resign in a situation like this ... 
  as much as i support azerbaijan , this is disgusting . 
  i hope he gets punished . 
  stay strong azerbaijan . 
  the ancestors of dutchmen should never have left africa . 
  see , this comment is racist , so is yours . 
  heh ^ ^ ^ pls ^ ^ ^ no, 
  turkish anthem has 10 stanzas , but we only sing the first two . 
  what are you doing here ? 
  we need to take / r/turkey back from western invaders !, 
  seems like we 're counted as european when it suits the eternal anglo . 
   serbian empire ayy lmao, 
  this is a violation of free speech . 
  nothing good can come out of it . 
  romania why pls return, 
  their flag has their country on it . 
  definitely not a real country . 
   italy  white toppest of keks, 
  it 's not like turks are somehow more trustworthy than jordanians you know . 
  return to the glorious sultanate komshi, 
  the title implies that we should stop attacking pkk because they fight against isis . 
  and since isis is a bigger threat than pkk is to the west , we are ostracized . 
  also we do help with the fight against isis , perhaps not as much as we can but we notify european countries of possible terrorism ( as shown with the belgian case ) . 
  look , i agree that we should defend our allies too , but we simply should not be `` slammed '' for defending ourselves . 
  also you 're right that we should actively strike isis , at least more often . 
  dogfighting between greece and turkey is basically how we say `` i love you '' to each other . 
  and why should we care about the rest of the world more than we care about ourselves again ? 
  who enabled it . 
  and also a lot more other western countries . 
  * triggered *, 
  c u r r e n t y e a r u r r e n t y e a r, 
  t-thanks . 
  what year is it ? 
  do people still enjoy memes like this ? 
  agreed . 
  hey , at least orthodox christianity is cool as hell with your patriarchs and shit . 
  i like me too . 
  it sure did when radovid died . 
  the great sun will ripple on every corner of the continent and skellige , northener filth . 
  `` greetings , i am not enemy . 
  farewell . '', 
  7/10 , needs more praise towards nilfgaard . 
  there is no such thing as a cool danskj\u00e4vlar . 
  young turks ( or most turks nowadays ) would n't accept an actual genocide happened so there 's that . 
  sorry i do n't care . 
  racist ? 
  somewhat . 
  but who is n't ? 
  backwards ? 
  i 'm not justifying it , what the ottoman government was way too severe for the crimes armenian insurgents commited , but it could n't have gone unpunished . 
  pkk rebelled and they should pay the price . 
  the environment in which they decided to revolt do n't even exist now . 
  turks are literally satan so . 
  this argument method , trying to annoy the other side , wo n't work . 
  we 're done . 
  they rebelled in a completely different environment , and even then terrorism could n't be justified , let alone right now . 
  they will only reap what they sow . 
  armenians of all folks should know that . 
  he was going to respond accordingly smartass . 
  why not grab pikachu ? 
  it is n't just about dictatorship . 
  let 's be honest . 
  most turks are conservative backwards muslims with completely different customs and traditions . 
  i do n't even want to live with at least 70 % of turks . 
  why the fuck would you ? 
  you do n't live in migrant camps/on the streets . 
  well , neither do i but i assume living in your comfortable house is by far better . 
   russian flair i-is this a trap ? 
  just stop already . 
  this is not funny , and anyone who claims pkk are any of those things are downvoted so it is pointless . 
  this reads like a greek tragedy . 
  you eat frogs and snails , i do n't think i will take your word in it . 
  why did n't you manually remove the fish ? 
  such a stereotypical turkish name . 
  i saw the discussion in a turkish forum , so no source as i ca n't find it . 
  though we do n't call them roma here is turkey . 
  moderators of these subreddit are quite pc so they ban the useage of gypsy . 
  we in turkey call them \u00e7ingene mostly , but roma is sometimes used . 
  it is not relevant , but they were roma from turkey afaik, 
  holy shit greece imports a lot . 
  i wonder why :\\ ^ ), 
  i did n't choose the turklife , the turklife choosed me . 
  naked . 
  t\u00fcrko\u011flu means son of a turk/son of turk t\u00fcrkcan means turk + life t\u00fcrky\u0131lmaz means turk + dauntless if anyone was interested . 
  i throwed the word idiotic as an insult , not in the literal meaning . 
  for your health maybe but it 's impossible to use reddit on phone while shitting . 
  they will be turkish citizens . 
  the government has been paving the way of that ever since we allowed them to come through . 
  only uneducated barbarians use allaturca . 
  fucking idiotic turkish govt . 
   not helping broche/dijkstra kill radovid #absolutely pleb tier choices, 
  do you mean he learnt from turkey ? 
  too lazy to translate . 
  he is the god-emperor after all , who knows what he is capable of ? 
  ca n't handle the bantz m8 ? 
  these celebrations are not kurdish in origin .
