  resistance is futile . 
  bow down peasants . 
  countless turks moved to germany and they did n't even bring bidet culture with them ? 
  it is my favourite city on the planet , it is comfiness : the city . 
  does n't change the fact that there is nothing interesting going on here , at least for tourists . 
  i 'd not change ankara for anything else , trust me , i 've lived in antalya for 2 years until last year and i was really homesick , not because of loved ones ( did n't have a gf at the time in ankara , parents live in \u0130zmir ) but because i fucking love the ugly duckling that is ankara . 
  jesus christ man . 
  you 're so dense osmium would float on you . 
   the first time you hit that power switch , will it fucking post ? 
  that brings back memories of my first pc build . 
  my old man and i building it when i was 15 , we put everything on perfectly , did our cable management best we could ( the power supply was not modular unfortunately ) and then finally closed the case and put the plug to the socket . 
  pressed the button to start it , nothing happened . 
  i died a little inside at that moment . 
  turns out we forgot to turn on the psu . 
  it was a big moment of relief . 
   i have already bled to death in the trenches of crappy sharp-edged cases back in the summer of ' 386 . 
  i 'd have come over and build that pc for you for free , building it is more enjoyable than using it . 
  austria was the one i liked best among the european countries i 've visited . 
  lmao in turkey it would n't matter at all . 
  no one visits the shithole that is ankara . 
  tourists go to antalya and \u0130stanbul mostly . 
  also armenian genocide took place in asia . 
  not in europe . 
  armenian genocide took place in asia . 
  rwanda is even more horrifying than holocaust in terms of efficiency . 
  they killed at an extraordinary speed . 
  was n't that in 1999 ? 
  the word dutchbat is really bothering me for some reason . 
  it 's like ... wrong , phonetically . 
  where did i hear him before ? 
  was he in a movie or something ? 
  same iiwtbqhwyl, 
  i meant kurdish , i mix turk and kurd sometimes . 
  who cares , we 're not the worst . 
  what ? 
  you won bro , higher number means you 're winning . 
  good job !, 
  literally who ? 
  fine . 
  he said southeastern/kurdish provinces , perhaps it originated from the kurds , but it is a national thing in today 's turkey . 
  cats are female , dogs are male . 
  everyone knows this . 
  they ruined toddleristan . 
  croatia should pay reperations for this . 
  150 billion dollars should cover it . 
  halay is n't a southeastern thing though . 
  augustus rookwood ? 
  from the department of mysteries ? 
  armenian jokes are off-limits but i 've seen plenty of holocaust jokes . 
  * flashback to the days of highschool chemistry * dark times . 
   buying eu4 mods on the first day  not waiting for the sale for that overpriced shit you lost your common sense rights . 
  i get mistaken for a spaniard fairly often in europe . 
  it 's not like we 're a different species . 
  many of the mediterranean people look similar . 
  never have i seen people who say turkey is not european get accused of racism , unless the post was obviously racist . 
  afghanistan will come before turkey at this rate . 
  i went there , was pretty cool . 
  so many beggars though when i went ( in 2013 summer ) . 
  please do n't use condescending words like duny . 
  no i do n't . 
  what is a colonized turk ? 
  played both 2 and 3 , both excellent games . 
  first game feels really rough though . 
  could n't get into it due to how clunky it felt . 
  i see , my bad . 
  you 're absolutely correct though . 
  you and wallachians did do a pretty good job for some time there . 
  we do learn of balkan + hungarian resistances here . 
  have to say janos hunyadi is quite the badass . 
  1683 is better known because it 's heavily romanticized and made popular by media . 
  there have been a few movies about it and sabaton made songs etc. 
  it is n't a high bar . 
  i did n't claim that turkey is among the most democratic and free countries in the world . 
  his comment is entirely false though , we 're not even close to being `` north korea of the middle east '' . 
  we 're not that bad is all i 'm saying . 
  i firmly believe that each nation should have their own nation state , and that any kurds living in turkey should migrate to kurdistan , that could be carved from south-eastern turkey . 
  any non-assimilated kurd would have to leave turkey and all turks should come to turkey . 
  a population exchange of sort should happen is what i 'm saying . 
  only way to solve any remaining issues in my opinion . 
  obviously assimilated kurds ( or turks ) should n't be forced to move countries . 
  shush now , little vassal states . 
  erdogan is 1.87 iirc . 
  his followers affectionately call him `` tall man '' . 
  oh please , you 're ridiculous . 
  turkey is still more democratic than any middle eastern country bar israel . 
  i 'm not against kurdistan bro . 
  not because i support betterment of kurdish lifes , but so kurds in turkey leaves for the newly created state and turks there came back . 
  edit : i feel like i sound like i 'm against the betterment of kurdish lifes in the above sentence , just want to say i 'm not . 
  it 's a badly worded sentence and i do n't know how to word it better , but yeah . 
  i absolutely love gothic . 
  wish it continued . 
  no , i read blood of elves and the previous ones but could n't muster up the time to read the rest . 
  i think i 'm going to restart the series from the last wish in a few weeks though , been a while since last read them . 
  hungary ( parts of it ) was under ottoman jurisdiction during this siege , how have you helped push us back ? 
  did n't mohacs effectively ruin hungarian resistance ? 
  it is a lie . 
  turkey is a bit absurd at times but not that much . 
  i do n't think there are any banned words per se . 
  i doubt most turks know who he is . 
  we learn that ottomans lost both sieges of vienna , that the second one happened in 1683 and the member states of the holy league and also the treaty of karlowitz and it 's details , but we do n't learn the full knowledge of polish intervention , just that we lost and it officially started the decline period .
