  i am not contradicting myself , as you can see . 
  i am not denying constantinople 's overall importance , but the city in it 's last 100-200 years was irrelevant . 
  ask away in / r/askhistorians . 
  on mobile d :, 
  how is that an insult ? 
  do you take offense when i say a kingdom that existed 600 years ago was weak and powerless ? 
  this conversation is futile because your historical knowledge is non-existant . 
  holy fuck . 
  constantinople had a population of 50000 . 
  city only became relevant until after mehmet conquered it . 
  manpower is n't relevant because the topic is not how we conquered the balkans . 
  the topic is about the relevantness of balkan nations before ottomans came . 
  that was pretty based on their part , have to admit . 
  that siege really rustles my jimmies . 
  i never insulted anyone , at the very least , i never said anyone anything that would offend me if it was said to me . 
  our manpower is n't important to this discussion . 
  that other guy claimed that balkans were very important before we came , which is not true . 
  i am not boasting about defeating serbia . 
  i am simply stating that balkan kingdoms including byzantium were all irrelevant shitholes even before we came . 
  your lack of reading comprehension is amazing . 
  having colonies or provinces is n't the way to richness . 
  industrialization is , and we were awfully late to that . 
  something tells me you are lithuanian . 
  basically / pol / : the person . 
  delusional , white , nationalist . 
  what more to want . 
   the sad part is that greeks were destroying ottomans and they were ready to quit but hungarians sold european tech to ottomans with an advanced cannon which destroyed a part of the wall which then led a defeat . 
  cool revision friend . 
  you were n't destroying anyone , the siege was just taking long . 
  the cannon speed up the process , but the city would fall regardless . 
  maybe . 
  ottoman empire was still better than pretty much all the remaining european countries though , for jews . 
  swedes still burned `` witches '' at stake back then . 
  i neither am a nationalist , nor an erdogan supporter . 
  look at africa you moron . 
  eternal greek butthurt . 
  the greatest of feats . 
  when did i say race had something to do with it ? 
  i never claimed ottoman influence was positive , but what do you think empires do ? 
  look at russia or britain and their former lands for instance . 
  and stop saying cringy shit like `` it was the worst thing that happened '' you fuck . 
  boo freakin hoo , influence of nations waver over time , power changes hands . 
  you balkan cunts were all irrelevant scum even before ottomans came knocking , even the serbs , who were supposed to be the strongest balkan kingdom , did n't stand a chance , so stop blaming us for your former weakness , because you did n't suddenly fell out of power when we came . 
  you were already powerless . 
  fair enough . 
  never claimed non-muslims had equal rights before islahat , my aim was to remove the false notion that there were much religious freedom elsewhere . 
  that tax was abolished 2 years later . 
  your post reeks of bullshit . 
  this thread is a joke because you white nationalist made it so . 
  you ca n't even mock byzantines without being branded as a nationalist anymore ? 
  for tengri 's sake , learn to take a joke . 
  what a convenient thing to say , `` i 'm not going to find them for you '' . 
  sure thing buddy , stay bullshitting . 
  yeah , i 'm gon na need a source there buddy . 
  i 've seen you whites claim we claim to be white , but never saw a single source about it . 
  you probably wo n't find one . 
  well in that case ottomans won , with the help of france and uk , a war against russia in crimean war . 
  if you think i 'm cheating since ottomans had allies , then probably no country has won a war on their own in the last 200 years . 
  so go spas out somewhere else , because you 've been wrong left and right in this thread , i honestly ca n't believe how much bullshit you let out . 
  yeah sure , name your butthurt however you will , got ta vent out your anger in some way . 
  it is some westerners ' superiority complex that makes you think we care about being white or european , you keep having fun believing you 're superior and special . 
  you do n't know your history , do n't attempt to discuss it . 
  first of all , algeria was far away from ottoman seat of power , and was increasingly autonomous , so you ca n't really make ottomans responsible for whatever happened there . 
  secondly , you make it sound like barbary corsairs started under ottoman ruling in algeria , which is false . 
  does n't matter , ottomans never banned a religion . 
  and tanzimat reforms made non-muslims almost equal , islahat further solidifying their equality . 
  austrians , russians and prussians would have their own fun with the poles later , so i do n't really fret about that . 
  algeria was n't even under full ottoman control like the video suggests . 
  it was a protectorate more like , a vassal at best . 
  pretty cool shape more like . 
  no need for thanks . 
  m a d a d i do n't consider turkey as european , nor do i care about it , but i always act like i do when i 'm near westerners . 
  it honestly is unbelievable how much butthurt some of you people suffer from . 
  are you half-turk or something ? 
  why make things easier for us ? 
  they really will . 
  they will go full thermopylae . 
  any other time i 'd have dismissed this as a joke , but with you saying it ... 
  catholicism was illegal in uk . 
  we ai n't exactly anglo-saxons . 
  not really . 
  that 's so cool , i did n't know such cultural exchanges happened between plc and ottomans . 
  well okay you have the right to hate ottomans , that 's pretty drastic . 
  i mean they partitioned you after all , and i bet some hungarians are mad at them . 
  are you talking about hungarian independence or something else ? 
  because hungarian ** people ** were never on the brink of destruction or anything , you talk like ottomans tried to ethnically cleanse hungary , which is not true . 
  and if you 're talking about your independence , well you were n't really independent under austria before years leading up to 1876 ( 1867 ? 
  ca n't remember ) . 
  and losing your independence is hardly that important , it 's a typical sunday for poles . 
  i want kurds to lose their territory , personally ca n't stand the idea of a syrian kurdistan but that 's not the point . 
  the point is , no matter how much you distrust the government , the big players would n't exactly allow turkey to attack rojava east of euphrates anyway . 
  why would turkey go beyond that though ? 
  our demands were exactly that . 
  well you basically said turkey could attack pyd west of euphrates by saying turkey should be expelled out of nato if they attack pyd east of euphrates . 
  we wo n't attack them if they stay east of euphrates . 
  and if you ca n't find anyone in the west who thinks pyd is a terrorist group , then it 's not my fault . 
  pyd and pkk are both member of kck , they are allies . 
  and if you say pkk is not a terrorist group this discussion ends now because you would be pathetic . 
  if they do n't stay in the area turkey drew for them , they will be attacked , simple as that . 
  i like how you use turk as an insult .
