  tak is a synonym for pkk . 
   rt.com post a trustworthy source . 
  yep , i wo n't argue with that . 
  just saying that the title is n't really correct . 
  was commonwealth a democracy ? 
  honestly , we do n't really care in turkey . 
  i thought alcohol was haram alberto . 
  isis targets civilians more . 
  what does hadzi mean ? 
  what do extremist muslims find so appealing about hats ? 
  do they have any preference btw ? 
  i 'd personally like to live in a mud fedora but that 's just me . 
  nah , it 's a huge turn . 
  probably a turn of 357 degrees . 
  50 % popularity is still somewhat large compared to some others . 
  sorry but we 're / r/the _ donald now . 
  #impressive length, 
  #make austria great again the acronym also works with austria . 
  i 'm already erect by even hearing the suggestion of that . 
  you 're ... right . 
  we 're not legally obliged to do so . 
  what 's that about turks ? 
  remove kebab to stomach . 
  komshi please return to glorious sultanate . 
  nihal ats\u0131z is n't probably very known outside turkey . 
  what ? 
  if eu4 taught me anything it is 1 . 
  must remove baguette and kebab 2 . 
  denmark controls sweden and norway under kalmar union, 
  something about pkk being peaceful freedom fighters . 
  ye , ankara got attacked twice and there has been minor attacks in istanbul . 
  pyd is not even 40 years old . 
  28 dead d :, 
  28 dead as of now , many more injured . 
  oh come on . 
  you asked in a discussion about genocide . 
  it 's only fair to assume that you were talking about genocide . 
  i never denied killing of kurds . 
  accusing of genocide is definitely a whole other thing . 
  when ? 
  dersim was a massacre , it was n't a genocide . 
  the word genocide is throwed around so quickly here . 
  if we commited a genocide against kurds , then most countries in the world are genociders . 
  i accept armenian genocide actually . 
  i also accept we oppressed kurds ( definitely not genocide ) are you blaming turks for palestinians as well or israel ? 
  either way , no genocide . 
  you people throw that word around so easily . 
  now is not the time to circlejerk about it . 
  18 dead , 45 injured . 
  greeks were n't exactly peaceful towards turks after wwi/during turkish war of independence . 
  there was n't any genocide against kurds . 
  please deport her to the ocean . 
  there was not a kurdish genocide . 
  probably because that constitution could incite rebellions for reform in all those 3 empires . 
   ottoman empire empire is the keyword . 
  all empires are doomed to fail . 
  i know it was a joke . 
  the thing is , it is very oversaid . 
  hence why i said `` dead horse '' . 
  no fun allowed, 
  i do n't even know , i literally ca n't put my finger on what bugs me so much but your comments really irritate me for some reason . 
  well , not your comments but maybe the way you write them ? 
  i honestly do not know . 
  so it boils down to the definition of secular we use . 
  yeah , then you are correct in your thinking , i meant pro-sharia or against-sharia mainly . 
  shut the fuck up with your dead horse jesus fuck, 
   / r/worldnews lol, 
  i 'm getting infected by cringe the more i read your comments . 
  what are you , 10 ? 
  that 's bs . 
  do you live in turkey ? 
  because it seems you only count chp as secular , while mhp is very pre-dominantly secular and not even all akp supporters are against secularism . 
  i literally am banned from there , ama, 
  erdogan is a meme king . 
  do they have turkey citizenship ? 
  well what you said did sound quite high horse-y . 
  i meant modern day slovakian borders . 
  we left romania mostly autonomous . 
  janisarries participated in battles too . 
  i am not really offended . 
  some of the comments here are insane though . 
  til, 
  did i say i support this ? 
  what are you playing at ? 
  you talk like all of your lot are peaceful . 
  i find it despicable for your information , but it would be a lie if i said there are n't any greek haters here . 
  it was build as a church after all . 
  of course . 
  we are abiding to wall building traditions . 
  i , for one , welcome our new roman overlords . 
  do n't get me wrong , there are many turks who would love to see greeks genocided . 
  plenty of backwards turks . 
  what i mean is , do n't judge people based on nationality or a few comments you see . 
  `` turks are backwards '' or `` greeks are backwards '' are equally broad and wrong statements . 
  and if this was other way around , you 'd all be calling us barbarians . 
  good double standards lads . 
  kek, 
  hell , greeks who unironically support this are getting upvoted . 
  people like you make me think we should n't leave cyprus at all . 
  they came for kemalists first .
