  only if they 're fat or short . 
  i 'm not kidding . 
  this is n't sarcastic . 
  it could easily be , but it is n't . 
  does n't make any sense , both kg and meter are much more efficient and mistake-proof systems . 
  definitely . 
  your central asian heritage is showing , my hunnic friend . 
  praise be attila . 
  what do you scots generally feel about thatcher anyways ? 
  he is taking a piss at the common russian stereotypes . 
  `` anuuuu cheeki breeki iv damke '' is a reference to stalker and you can read more in [ this ] ( http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/cheeki-breeki ) page . 
  suka ( cyka or \u0441\u0443\u043a\u0430 in cyrillic ) means something along the lines of bitch or whore . 
  not sure what papali means . 
  russian in cs : go are stereotyped to constantly say stuff like cyka blyat , idi nahui etc. 
  oh shut the fuck up irrelevant cunt . 
  let 's say you and other european side turks are europeans , that still makes / u/szentkristof 's argument extremely misleading . 
  he says turkey is a european country , period . 
  what about the asian part ? 
  not only does it have considerably more landmass , it is populated by significantly more people . 
  if we 're going to define turkey as either european or asian , then it 's definitely asian . 
  perhaps eurasian would be a better term , but we 're still pre-dominantly a more asian country . 
   so there are more `` europeans '' in turkey than in greece . 
  i 'm sorry but how does that make my point invalid ? 
  i did n't deny thrace was in europe , i did n't deny some turks could be considered european . 
  thrace still does n't change the facts , we 're closer to asia . 
  you incredibly annoying and unreasonable . 
  i 'm out have a good day . 
  / u/kingconstantinexii is simply trying annoy turks . 
  little did he know turks on reddit do n't care about our ottoman `` heritage '' . 
  i personally enjoyed the painting so kudos to him . 
  eh , i support your unification , but as you 've said not many turks do . 
  it relies heavily on turkish aiding . 
   annex it later on that wo n't happen . 
  why would we annex that shitty part and destroy our already non-existant reputation even more , when it 's a part of turkey in all but name ? 
  i am too . 
  only a small percentage of landmass . 
  majority of population lives in the asian part . 
  culturally we 're neither european ( if you were claiming that ) nor middle-eastern . 
  we 're a seperate people . 
  geographically we 're asian . 
   we 're talking about whether turkey is a part of europe or not , which we are . 
  not it fucking is not, 
  wow haha great reply man wowow, 
  i 'm not playing around with words . 
  economy and eu membership are not social issues . 
  i never asked for you to indulge in any discussion anyways . 
  go away fool . 
   ban of headscarf within universites we said problems . 
  none of the stuff you listed are fixing social problems . 
  they may be good things , but i question that guy 's remark about fixing problems in turkish society , nothing else . 
  i would n't care if some certain languages died tbh . 
  it 's pretty clear imo . 
  if you consider ** that ** eggplant phallic go see a doctor . 
   gypsies ( the bad ones ) redundancy, 
   he actually reformed many problems in turkish society name one ? 
  turks are subhuman barbarians and greeks would n't fall to our level . 
   you first have to imagine that a greek ship violates the turkish coast as if that never happens, 
  byzantines are greek or roman depending on the situation it seems . 
  we 're both nato members , it would be awkward . 
  dude let it go . 
  i heard that there is this gorgeous city called danzig in germany , supposed to me pretty similar to gdansk . 
  * are you surprised ? 
  they tried to dance with a witcher . 
  to be frank in turkey , we learn that 1683 is the start of ottoman decline period ( with 1453 being the start of rise period ) and i 'm not actually agreeing or disagreeing with you or that other guy , i just chipped in to say what i did before . 
  and that miniscule holds more people than many european countries . 
  yeah , i first understood it like that , because well , ehrm . 
  but ottomans ' ( hypothetical ) inability to hold vienna would not be because they were in decline . 
  being stretched thin = / = declining . 
  [ yes , yes . 
  fight among each other . 
  oh they are red allright . 
  it 's safe to assume the developers meant for it to be polish . 
  but yeah , we have such traditional clothing also . 
  yeah , what a great contribution to a defensive alliance . 
  some do . 
  extreme majority do n't . 
  a tad rude tbqhwymdf, 
  it will always be cheat keybind for me . 
  they are , perhaps they know something we do n't , but kicking someone out because they did n't look `` gay enough '' is disgusting . 
  does n't mean that guy did . 
  so is there a way to see which churches affiliate with which patriarchate ? 
  why was it forced on you ? 
  their flag is a minus , swiss flag is a plus . 
  they should anschluss each other to achieve true neutrality . 
  neutral . 
  i forgot , but it has something to do with ussr . 
  http://i.imgur.com/edx3ac9.png pretty sure this fixes all mistakes . 
  yeah . 
  you do n't have to be right-winger to hate these type of actions . 
  taco pizza is amazing, 
  tbh almost nearly all erdogan 's fault, 
  good . 
  i 'm not supporting burning hagia sophia in such a scenerio , i 'm merely saying your analogy is shit . 
  the only advantage greece would have is that they would be defending and we would be attacking , they ca n't sustain an attack on turkey . 
  it means godless, 
   it painted the greek as insane for wanting to get the city back . 
  i have n't played the game , but that would be insane tbh . 
  the ottoman empire was at it 's absolute zenith in 1500s . 
  i daresay it was the strongest state in both europe and me during that time period , perhaps in the world ( barring china ) . 
  no nation can take it back .
