  my mom is a muslim , she does n't wear a burqa or cover her hair . 
  not every muslim is like that you uncultured swine . 
   maybe turkey does n't have as high tourism we used to be the 6th most visited country in the world . 
  n e e t e e t, 
  what 's with queens and horses ? 
   you 're going to die pretty soon one way or another * laughs in reptilian *, 
   i 'm 1/4 turkish the remaining 3/4 ? 
  sorry i have a bf, 
  you 're uninformed . 
  there are many hitler lovers here . 
   amed i 'm sorry , i do n't speak oppressed snowflake . 
  the barbarians invaded liechtenstein a few times . 
  iraq is underrated . 
  that girl holding the paper which says `` i 'm sushi '' cracked me up . 
  they just ca n't resist the charms of kebab can they . 
  that 's a bit narcissistic / r/portugal . 
  well you did n't choose to be an uncivilized brute i guess , not your fault . 
  it 's really good . 
  look m8 , if you keep insulting uluda\u011f gazozu in my presence , i 'm not responsible for the consequences . 
   greece vs turkey to be frank we 're much more interesting than finland and netherlands . 
  we 're hot , komshi . 
  you want to die of liver cancer ? 
  no , but i want to be left alone with my smoking . 
  how was the beer bud ? 
  but it 's not like zeytinya\u011fl\u0131 's are only consumed in ege . 
  they 're national at this point . 
   well that 's exactly how it is in most european countries though . 
  it 's not like they do everything right . 
  i may be biased as a smoker ( i drink but not nearly as often ) but i 'd be really opposed to having even more tax on tobacco . 
  we get a tax every new years day anyways . 
  so does alcohol for that matter . 
  enjoy your clean lungs and long life-spans , losers !, 
   europe is catching up so glad we 're not european then . 
   eye-crippled buddy i 'm sorry but the non-offensive word is optically-challenged . 
  it does n't work that day . 
  you wo n't drink alcohol every single day of the week , a smoker will generally smoke every day . 
  from a pro-consumer point of view , if you took taxes from alcohol and added them to cigarettes , you 'd fuck over your population a lot . 
  but we have an entire sub-category of food called `` zeyt\u0131nya\u011fl\u0131 '' . 
  food made with olive oil . 
  that shit is pretty healthy , though not exactly my cup of tea . 
  i 'm more of a meat/pastry eating guy ( who also smokes ) and will die before 50 . 
  fucking greeks passed us , fuck !, 
  brb giving cigarettes to random kids in the street, 
  really dude ? 
  you do n't exactly need to know french to understand what that means . 
   poland is not yet lost . 
  is that the national anthem ? 
  the original guy deleted his comment , i was sarcastic like he was . 
  turkey is european and successor to rome . 
  return to asia french scum . 
  only if we divide the southern part into north and south again . 
  big if true, 
  np mate , but i 'd suggest you start with witcher 2 actually . 
  it is a great game as well , and there are some references to it in witcher 3 . 
  the first game did n't age well , you can skip it . 
  only if we stop by to pillage nearby villages later . 
  either ataturk or saddam imo . 
  it is an empire from the witcher series , it is ruled by emperor emhyr var emreis , which is my username as you can see . 
  great series , witcher is . 
  i suggest yoh start the games/books . 
   georgia literally who, 
  you tried . 
  ata does n't mean father btw , it means ancestor or head . 
  i really did n't think this through . 
   is n't this the same guy who seized a police headquarters by force , and tried to topple the armenian government . 
  ah yes , this guy sounds like a true paragon of virtue . 
  peace was never an option . 
  got a hearty kek from lad, 
  you 're tenser than cold war , denser than osmium . 
  there are no sources for those army strengths and casualties , as expected . 
  bribery , literally no attempts to catch up with industrial revolution , capitulations . 
  there are many reasons that lead to it 's decline and eventual dissolution . 
  i 'm glad it dissolved anyways , much rather live in turkey than ottoman empire . 
   it could have been saved i really doubt that . 
  even if the whole italy sent support at the times , it would be too little . 
  well , there was also glory to be gained . 
  shell of former self or not , we 're talking about constantinople here , the capital of roman empire . 
  rekt . 
  doubly rekt . 
  good post, 
  to be frank , murad ii did siege the city in 1422 and was repelled . 
  do n't let the filthy infidels know though . 
  examples ? 
  i do enjoy your unbiased history reviews mate . 
  top notch . 
  not really . 
  sure , we 're a hairy bunch , but so are each and every one of our neighbors . 
  come home asian man . 
  yes please , 
  did you choose monaco flag for polandball roleplay ? 
  ah yes , the famous hebrew language , mother tongue of all kenyans . 
  ah , i see , my bad . 
  thought you were fixing the comma . 
  who cares ? 
  we officially use full stop here but i use comma as it feels more natural . 
  tbh we 're both mediterranean countries and similarities go beyond bidet useage . 
  yes , but as you should know , ottoman and thus turkey is the continuation of roman empire , thus nilfgaard . 
  what did you think ? 
  so that means turks are the true kebab removers ? 
  interesting turn of events there .
