  who is to say we ca n't both attack kurds and isis ? 
  pyd is a member of kck , kck also includes pkk ( i hope you 're not as stupid as to say they 're not terrorists ) , and ypg is allies with pyd . 
  even if they 're not directly terrorists , ypg is involved with pkk . 
  pretty much , we stand to gain much from this if it 's implemented correctly . 
  much to you europeans ' dismay , if we manage this it will be a pretty important blow to your precious kurds . 
  who says this is an accident ? 
  we never hide the fact that we detest rojava . 
  what is the point of this ? 
  i understand banning burqa so faces can be identified , but why was this ban enacted ? 
  seems they ban it because it is muslim , otherwise i ca n't think of any explanation . 
  i generally do n't like the useage of this word , but this is islamophobic . 
  this is coming from one of the most anti-islam people in the world fyi . 
  i did say `` almost '' , as in 99,99 % . 
  you totally missed the point of the kurdish thing and the army . 
  there is no rebuttal here . 
  nearly all the proof suggests gulen did it , if he wants to believe it was kemalists who did this , then he is my guest . 
  you too . 
  i will totally sound like a snob with this but i did n't play the race card , i played the ethnicity card . 
  yeah , just like what turkish army did had nothing to do with the discussion at hand . 
  and you 're just parroting your biased news . 
  `` oh evil erdogan , it must be an inside job !! 11 !! '', 
  just because erdogan took advantage of the situation , does n't mean secular officers were responsible , there came no response from g\u00fclen to deny involvement , there were confessors , the us started saying the compass started to show g\u00fclen . 
  he is not a scapegoat , his involvement is almost crystal clear . 
  and how did this turn into shit on turkish army again ? 
  oh wait , `` i 'm a kurdish immigrant '' , nevermind . 
  what about hesse supporting schmalkaldic league ? 
  look at me i am european so i know everything about some other country 's politics even though i know shit about it, 
  a black flag will get you arrested ? 
  doubt it buddy . 
  is he mongol ? 
  kek, 
  just like the money eu gives to poland . 
  instead of demolishing buildings you do the opposite , as in you build 100000 statues of jan pawel with the money mentioned . 
  would you fight for asturias then ? 
  is there an independence movement in asturias ? 
  funny , given kingdom of asturias were the only ones who resisted moor invasion . 
  good , good . 
  let the unpatriotism flow through you , balkans . 
   nilfgaardians  dirty  while northeners bathe once everyone 3 moons, 
  ohh , sorry i missed that first time , lol, 
  why would it be ? 
  eh , could n't really care less tbh . 
  yeah, 
  yeah , by a bunch of foreigners who do n't have even a basic grasp of turkish politics . 
  hey , i have the top comment in that video !, 
  he had to create a strong national identity for the common folk , aka turkification . 
  otherwise his little project called turkey would 've failed . 
  had to instill nationalism . 
  he expelled greeks through a population exchange , so turks in greece would come to turkey , and greeks in turkey would go to greece . 
  i ca n't find anything else about him expelling christians . 
  china is n't really a russian ally . 
  hey , can you blame us ? 
  we modeled after you . 
  can your name be any more edgy ? 
  smells like glory allright, 
  you must mean nikolas teslo\u011flu , turkish inventor of kebab and electricity . 
  honey , we are n't the one who needs to get over it . 
  we do n't give it any thought whatsoever unless other people mention it . 
  it is you who needs to get over it . 
  how is that even relevant ? 
  turkish goodwin 's law . 
  a coup does n't succeed if the head of military does n't support it , this was a breakaway group , or staged . 
  i wish they would die for him for real . 
  give us all a break . 
  yeah , fifteentwentysix bitch . 
  communist ? 
  turkish army ? 
  hahahahaha . 
  its not down, 
  state channel just read the declaration of coup, 
  what is your problem ? 
  literally every top comment is disagreeing with this decision . 
  no one is defending this you mongoloid , read the fucking comments for once instead of spouting dumb shit . 
  that 's why they attacked nice , should n't have asked nicely . 
  oh gee i wonder why !, 
   football does n't mean shit compared to human lives . 
   implying, 
  babushkas are comfy as fuck tho . 
  win-win . 
  source on it being systematic ? 
  i 'm not denying it happened btw . 
  those were just banter lad . 
  learn to handle it better you pussy . 
  pretty much this . 
  still should n't be illegal to deny . 
  believe what you want . 
  criminalising ideas is subhuman tier . 
  same with criminalising holocaust denial , or anything really . 
  it should n't be illegal to deny something . 
  it aint the eu 's fault . 
  you should n't have elected leftists, 
  polish women are god tier . 
  what did armenia do ? 
  interesting . 
  great to hear we 're fixing relations with russia , after recovering them with israel a few days ago . 
  not true . 
  they 're not stupid . 
  isis . 
   not posting the supreme dankek, 
  kek,
