  do you know the contents of this deal ? 
  we were to accept syrian refugees from europe , in exchance for visa-free travel and some billion euros . 
  so yes , refugees from europe . 
  this is like talking to a 5 year old with down syndrome . 
  same reaction , meaning i am relieved , because we will no longer accept refugees from europe . 
  i did n't care about visa-free travel anyways , i wanted this deal to fail . 
  constantinople * now the tables have turned . 
  bad thing this sub bans insulting . 
  i have to actually make reasonable arguements for once . 
  [ first of all , turkey was the 6th most visited place in 2014 . 
  so yes , people want to visit turkey . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_tourism_rankings ) 2 . 
  i was talking about the fact that we no longer will accept refugees from europe . 
  i feel like my iq is dropping just by replying to you . 
  pretty much this oh god so much this please let it happen erdogan, 
  the only way he affects is when you decide to read headlines of reddit . 
  you do n't have balls to do it hans . 
  neither does the rest of your continent . 
  and fyi nouns are not capitalized in english , unlike german . 
  well-met , glorious general !, 
  you seem very knowledgable about warfare , please , do tell me about your strategy oh great one . 
  average / r/europe user , everyone . 
  do you even know what visa-free travel means ? 
  who said anything about them , erdogan will cancel it . 
  same reaction from here fyi . 
  triggering italians 101 : say their food is not the best in the universe . 
  the more i see about russia , the more i like russians . 
  we practically live in the same country . 
  neither would your fleet , no ? 
  judging from your username , i 'd say because we generate so much european butthurt . 
   bosnia has turkey no . 
  spain for example also does n't recognize any breakaway nations . 
  what about winter ? 
  slovens do n't count themselves as balkan , and people do n't count turkey as european . 
  so far we have 3 comments in this post , and none-of them are from balkan countries . 
  french are notorious for their strikes . 
  complete opposite of nilfgaard masterrace . 
  going too far . 
  french just ca n't get away with that . 
  interesting to see you , who usually posts from aa or sabah , to rant about freedom of speech . 
   / u/xtreemediocrity you misspelled edgelord, 
  your flair lacks a few line and a cross , and the colour scheme is off too !, 
  are you drunk , dimitris ? 
  it looks like alien runes or some shit, 
  1/64 cherokee too . 
  who is ozoguz ? 
  that does n't sound turkish unless you mean o\u011fuz . 
  turkey should as well , even more so than you , but this post is n't about turkey . 
  go and riot you cunts . 
  because we are n't arabs . 
  we also are n't europeans . 
  you wrote, 
  this comment twice . 
   you have no right to tell them they are not . 
  i have every right to tell them they are not , and they have the right to precisely tell me to fuck off with my ideas . 
  even though i have used ab absolute language in this comment chain , i 'm simply writing my opinions . 
  it 's up to you to disagree , but it wo n't change my opinions . 
  and i have the right to disagree with what you have said . 
  if a peruvian person , who has n't been to turkey , have n't met any turks and does not speak turkish proclaims that he is turkish , would you accept him as one ? 
  similarly , me , who have never been to finland , never met a finn and does n't speak finnish , proclaimed myself as finnish , would i be finnish ? 
  or would you tell me to fuck off ? 
  hey adolf how is life in south america ? 
  ethnically speaking , you 're correct . 
  but he might have adopted japanese traditions and culture . 
  which does n't require marriages with japanese people . 
  you 're still mentioning his phenotype and his ethnicity , those do n't matter . 
  a black person can be turkish , so can a kurd , a japanese or a canadian , if they had a turkish identity , which is a very broad term but i can not express myself here . 
  my point is , there is simply no way he kept his identity fully intact living in foreign countries . 
  even if his family is entirely formed of turks . 
  highly doubt he has a turkish identity , especially as a third generation immigrant . 
  ethnicity does n't mean shit in my opinion . 
  my point became stronger . 
  you 're danish . 
  even armenians have to admit that shit is funny . 
  you 're not turkish , you are danish . 
  i know right . 
  we asians should stop all contact with that evil bitch merkel . 
  right of conquest , turks are the legitimate masters of istanbul . 
  no , i mean , look closer to the spelling of the words . 
  http://i.imgur.com/n8umjwj.png this is you, 
  the name of the city in ottoman turkish was kostantiniyye actually . 
  so were we . 
  balkan wars , 1912 war against italy , ww1 and turkish war of independence . 
  we suffered worse than greece , and yet we won . 
  did ramsay got him too ? 
  and a million greeks cried in despair at the sight of that image . 
  i think it 's hilarious you europeans are so eternally butthurt about this . 
  i mean why do you people even care at this point ? 
  i do n't dread the loss of hungary , balkans or north africa , and we technically owned these lands ( well ottomans did but you catch my drift ) , yet non-greek europeans feel much more strongly about this city they never owned . 
   turkey 's a european country http://i.imgur.com/65a6hp7.jpg, 
  screw europe , we 're coming for hanoi , and we 're going to impregnate that bitch . 
  i thought you guys loved the - ian . 
  tell that to venizelos m8 ( i think he was the one who supported megali idea but it 's 3am here and i 'm too lazy to check ) plus the second balkan war was just about crushing those cheeky bulgarians anyway . 
  ahh , fun times . 
  excuse me but what was the point of deleting that other guy 's and my comments ? 
  we were n't breaking any rules , we did n't deny that a genocide took place , so why would you remove them ? 
  i never hidden my dislike for / r/europe 's moderation , but this is advanced bullcrap . 
  removing comments who did not break any rules just because they criticized subreddit rules is a new low . 
  which events does that include other than armenian genocide and holocaust ? 
  russia is truly our greatest friend .
