  bullying minorities . 
  this, 
  from what i read , i hope maia sandu wins . 
  extremely good flair lad . 
  although i have a feeling that our mutual love for nilfgaard is the only thing we have in common , giving a quick glance to you post history . 
  it is incredibly ridiculous that you seperate nationalists and secularists because the extreme majority of nationalists and fascists support atat\u00fcrk 's ideals . 
  29th of october is n't our independence day , it is the day we ( formally ) abolished the monarchy and declared the republic . 
  unless you mean independence from the monarchy , which does n't make sense , we do n't have an independence day . 
  victory day in 30th of august probably comes the closest , as it signifies the end of the national struggle . 
  do you honestly think this has something to with the movie 's quality ? 
  the people who voted this have n't seen it , if it was rated with tons of 1 stars , it does n't mean it 's a good movie , just controversial . 
  how to gain upvotes in 5 easy steps . 
  1 ) be turk 2 ) acknowledge armenian genocide in any other place than / r / turkey, 
   turks, 
  this . 
  i , for one , welcome our new slavic overlords . 
  then yes , fucking yes . 
  did you expect we to be agonized by that comment ? 
  conquered provinces , could n't care less about who lived there before . 
  and one of the highest hiv rates . 
  kek, 
  oh , so we were one of the first countries to recognize your independence from ussr ? 
  til . 
  stop speaking communist . 
  nah , ussr is well and alive . 
  was n't that because we were at war in 1920s and had to sign a peace ? 
  it is , so are brothels . 
  i meant that their seperation and thus foundation was not bloody . 
  we are quite similar really . 
  except for slovakia and czechia . 
  disagree . 
  i would die trying to defend my country if we were invaded , or we had a civil war . 
  i want to believe . 
  which are most turks . 
  bystander effect . 
  every porn site is banned in turkey . 
  we literally are 10000 times freer than you . 
  turkey bestest country . 
  i was mostly talking about after you declared independence . 
  you say the yellow parts makes you sad because you lost them because of infighting , but could you win the war against us if there were n't any infighting ? 
  from your independence , to acquiring thessaly and balkan wars , you never actually beat us on your own . 
  france , uk and russia always supported you , and in balkan wars you were allied with a bunch of balkan nations , while the ottomans were ruled by bufoons . 
  in the war of 1922 , you were practically alone , you had except for britain , and iirc the british public was tired of war , so you could n't exactly count on much help from them . 
  so what makes you assume you could beat us if not for infighting ? 
  in all your previous victories against us , starting from your independence ( this is a big one actually , we lost our navy to france & britain ) , you always recieved help , that 's how you won , never on your own . 
  if you legitimately think like that , then i guess i ca n't call you butthurt or other stuff like that . 
  i 100 % disagree with you but at least you 're consistent . 
  okay troll . 
  sure , then do you agree that germans or any other nation that massacred antoher ethnicity ( this includes most of europe ) could and should be cleansed too ? 
  what exactly have you achieved ** on your own ? 
  almost non-existant . 
  he is n't joking , and he is n't sarcastic . 
  he is serious . 
  some of you europeans are as delusional as ottoman fanboys we have in turkey , who still believe we will retake balkans and march on vienna in the future . 
  the rest of greece were n't ethnically turkish . 
  hell , istanbul has more turks than greece has greeks . 
  so unless you suggest ethnic cleansing ( and i assume someone like you would suggest that ) , there is literally no way greece can retake constantinople . 
  i ca n't believe i took the time to reply to you , and i ca n't believe you got upvoted . 
  well cry somewhere else , you 're increasing the salt levels of aegean . 
  stay buttblasted lmao . 
  sure . 
   to : jew  from : dumbledore top kek, 
  indeed . 
  impera brigade sure packs a punch . 
  there are more atheist turks than muslim ones in / r/europe . 
  and / r/turkey hates hamas and wants normalizing of relations with israel . 
   you turks are pretty cool when not invading other lands and removing armenians . 
  cheers !, 
  but that 's my favourite past-time activity d :, 
  erdogan 's foreign policy is astonishingly , ridiculously , hazardously shit . 
  there were times roman empire ( western part ) did n't control rome and there were times when the capital was n't rome . 
  your argument is redundant . 
  this feels kinds satisfying for some reason . 
  looks like hogwarts train . 
  because you have scots and we have kurds . 
  of course we can emphatize . 
  how ? 
  we never expanded the borders again . 
  we regained morea and azov but they too were lost . 
  is it true that croissant was invented after this battle ? 
  furthermore , we love being butthurt for some reason . 
  we really do . 
  we kinda have to pass a few nations on our way to you . 
  unfortunately , we no longer border you . 
  sure . 
  eh , i honestly do n't see celebrating this event as racist , even as a turk . 
  i can see why people would n't want an ottoman invasion, 
  we did n't even control romania directly . 
  those taxes you had to pay set you back 300 years ? 
  lol, 
  the edge on that song would be enough to kill all the invading ottomans anyway . 
  why would we be mad , friend ? 
  muhtesem yuzyil was massively popular among slavs and latinos for some reason . 
  same . 
   tfw you will never bully your balkan vassals again, 
  i would n't watch any of that shit , it is sure to be extremely biased . 
  movies about 1453 made by turks are also like this, 
  also candar . 
  i 'm calling irrelevant scum to balkan people in 1400s . 
  i would n't be offended by the word cunt .
