  get out of here you lemon mixing pleb . 
  you just made an enemy for life . 
  britain , you 're greatest ally . 
  you thoroughly rekt him chap . 
  it 's not our problem that you ca n't send warships to ankara , it would be quite difficult to march a warship on land no ? 
  you really ca n't compare the two . 
  and is n't corbyn a huge kurd supporter ? 
   poortugal literally can not make this shit up, 
  t. alberto barbosa, 
  we also asked the same thing, 
  the attached video does not include any indication that they attacked him because he was armenian . 
  it 's more cultural than religious at this point . 
  even my atheist family members or friends refuse eating pork , even though they drink alcohol and stuff . 
  i 'm a bit mad at you for not ordering them like this : verdi , bianchi and rossi . 
  i 'd think barbosa would be a more common choice . 
  the land you gained after the first war . 
  should n't have been so greedy lad . 
  return to glorious turan , my friend . 
  the quality of my english worsens when im conversation with morons, 
  how is that related to the discussion ? 
  the other guy said american flag was getting destroyed because people hate america , and you said `` but turkey 's genocides do n't piss anyone off ? 
  '' , which can only mean you 're asking this : `` then why is n't the turkish flag getting destroyed since they comitted so much genocides and massaccres ? '', 
  and i said that it is getting destroyed . 
  holy fuck i 'm hard on raging now . 
  no wonder people think americans are stupid . 
  the regular cyprus flag should suffice , the two parts will get unified in our lifetime anyway, 
  tbf we did get destroyed a few times and we also get raided time to time, 
  that 's a great idea actually, 
  killing minorities mostly . 
  i knew there was fishy business . 
  well i 'm terrified of that as well . 
  all turks should be terrified of that . 
  ah sorry , i misremembered . 
  my bad . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/20l6h3/til_that_the_mongols_killed_so_many_people_in_the/ obviously not as impressive but still massive . 
  that 's not that much . 
  iran still have not reached their pre-mongol invasion population . 
  tywin does n't care about his people , he does n't even care about his family , only that he leaves the name lannister a respectable one . 
  you take me too seriously man . 
  then again i should n't joke about ottoman rule of balkans when i 'm around slavs like you . 
  not really , he has a point . 
  ottomans never caught up with renaissance or enlightenment . 
  pick one, 
  if we 're speaking history . 
  ottomans hardly held land in europe during the black death . 
  ninja edit : nvm realized you were trolling, 
  shit civ tho . 
  no , if it was n't turks it could have been arabs or even worse , venetians . 
  mehmed ii named himself caesar of rome too , but only him and not the other sultans . 
  nikolas teslao\u011flu , turkish inventor of kebab . 
  wait they call it constantinople ? 
  hahahaha no . 
   fucking poles , they had like 1 good moment not true . 
  huh , thought ankara came from greek . 
  is n't ancrya greek ? 
  i think arabs do get pissed at the persian gulf tho . 
  that was in the past . 
  most of us now acknowledge that turkey is n't exactly safe . 
  depends on the context . 
  i 've seen some mentions of the genocide in completely out of place settings . 
  yeah , anatolian part was n't a part of constantinople back then, 
  edirne , \u0130zmir , konya , kayseri ( this might be latin tho ) , trabzon , antalya , antakya , ankara ( our capital ) , \u0130stanbul ( largest city ) all have greek or other foreign roots . 
  i am forgetting a few probably . 
   implying more like native anatolian , greek , armenian , arab and persian mix , sprinkled with little central asian . 
  yep . 
  would it be really ? 
  a trebuchet would n't do any damage to it ? 
  who is do\u011fu\u015f tsigalko . 
  his name and tweets are turkish but i do n't know him . 
  people still read that shit ? 
  and make turkey full green due to romans and byzantines . 
  armenians also rebelled for your information . 
  do you defend the ottoman empire as you defend cyprus ? 
   oh no , superior europeans are going to see how much of a backwards nation we are never said this was something to be proud of , but why do you care if this is posted to this sub if not for the inferiority complex ? 
  inferiority complex much ? 
  perfect time for us to renovatio imperii, 
  or east of pyrenees . 
  except for the people bit , that only starts at ankara . 
  why do you ask me ? 
  i have no say in this , and turkish government would never give you a piece of turkish soil because extreme majority of the people would have a problem with giving any land to another country , let alone armenia ( who we have very shitty relations already ) . 
  giving away land would be considered scandalous , and the ruling party who made that decision would never be elected again . 
  i do n't really care about it , you can have it if it would improve relations . 
  tuz means salt in turkish fyi . 
  lol, 
  mashallah brother . 
  we will conquer the infidel . 
  poortugal lmao, 
  i literally said the same thing . 
  white romani means they 're like romani but white . 
  [ pranks gone wild ], 
  exactly . 
  you 're an honorary turk now , congrats . 
  is that really the reason or are you just memeing ? 
   trump_university_phd, 
   irish travelers so white gypsies, 
  a bit rich from moortugal . 
  we 're condoning violence eh ? 
  depends on the country famalam . 
  in turkey , perhaps 60 % wears a veil , but it has increased extremely under akp . 
  1 ) i 'm irreligious actually 2 ) i 'm not serious,
