  seriously . 
  strawberries are god tier fruits . 
  kinda biased . 
  renovatio imperii lads, 
  in turkey and cyprus mainly , fuck . 
  i 'm beginning to think these islamists are n't good lads . 
  too bad reddit would n't accept `` deithwen addan yn carn aep morvudd '' as a username . 
  how is this good , unless you have a beef with turkey ? 
  hmph , sure, 
  he was n't making a joke about germans you dense motherfucker . 
  he was fucking sarcastic about the casting choice for the german guy . 
  and with comments like this , you still have the nerve to claim you 're joking . 
  i always kinda assumed you guys were slavs who spoke a romance language . 
  oh well , at least i stand corrected now . 
  i do n't understand , am i mistaken ? 
  wait what ? 
  are n't romanians slavic ? 
  top kek, 
  delet this delet this, 
  look at the map in the sidebar , i trust in our beloved mods decision  and honestly , that 's a very pathetic attempt of triggering . 
  most turks do n't care about being european . 
  still , 6/10 made me reply . 
  mention the fact that kosovo is n't serbian 2 . 
  oh wait , there is no step 2 !, 
  that was easy . 
  kosovo as well , no matter how much serbs cry `` kosovo je srbija '' . 
  well , erdogan has good relations with aliyev at least . 
   you should n't be pointing fingers in such a smug , condescending way when you come from turkey . 
  you 're a huge prick . 
  he obviously does n't support the backwardness in turkey . 
  welcome to the club . 
  russia , turkey and poland . 
  we should start a secret club where only backwards countries can join . 
  not really long tbh , hell , i think they 're shorter than other names in other languages . 
  well , it 's not actually recognized as a language group . 
  though i 'm sure there are same words and structure . 
  for you . 
  kek, 
  that 's not victimizing , at all . 
  it 's simply stating that turkey is not the only nation who requested bulgaria join the fleet ( which is not a bad thing like you portray ) , you implied turkey alone requested bulgaria join , far from the truth . 
  edit : even if i was victimizing , what ottomans did has nothing to do with the discussion . 
  it 's in the past , and unfortunately you live in the past . 
  victim ? 
  what ? 
  you 're as dumb as old shite if you thino i 'm portraying turkey as a victim . 
  how is this even related to discussion ? 
  do you people always come up with this excuse when you 're out of ideas to come back to evil turks ? 
  whataboutism at it 's finest . 
  romania also wanted this , but lets just blame turkey for everything amirite ? 
  honestly , fuck you . 
  but i 'm not agreeing with the original comment you see . 
  i simply misunderstood what he said . 
  oh shit , now i understand the situation . 
  was my fault for not understanding the parent comment ( the one with 3 million refugees ) . 
  you guys are talking about a scenerio where turkey sends all refugees . 
  i 'm talking about the refugees that already came from europe due to this deal . 
  not really a shitton . 
  no one is going to invade poland . 
  it ai n't the 80s anymore . 
  bravo . 
  you 'll prove a valuable commander in the wars to come . 
  ohhh, 
  by connection , i mean language . 
  it sounds so italian , i love it . 
  eh , while i 'm not the type to count tatars as turkish , there is more connection between tatars and turks than their is between croats and russians . 
  i do n't understand the purpose of this comment but i upvoted because of the sterotypical italian username . 
  it 's almost like you want to recieve a strongly worded letter . 
  do you want nato bases ? 
  what the hell ? 
  well neither do i , but a golden shower is when someone pisses on you or when you piss on someone . 
  urinate , yes , it 's a thing . 
  and germans are notorious for fucked up fetishes . 
  can we please import bulgarian politicians ? 
   we shall see what the future brings and where the country goes . 
  backwards . 
  no point at all arguing with that . 
  dunno , perhaps they should stay and die for all i care . 
  i did n't . 
  i voted for chp . 
  bravo , uk , you proved more idiotic than we are . 
  do they want an applause ? 
  nothing in that page suggests only the neighbors are responsible . 
  eh , racial superiority and open discrimination towards non-turks is n't an idea cherished by akp . 
  erdogan is a nutjob and in some ways he does resemble hitler but i would n't try to paint akp as nazis . 
  i do n't think it 's anyone 's responsibility , i honestly do n't care about them . 
  it 's a good thing a man knows himself , at least you have that one redeeming quality friend . 
  you do n't , it 's a pointless joke in a pointless chain of comments . 
  i think that 's not truthful . 
  akp is a party conservative backwards muslims and i greatly detest erdogan and his shitty rule , but calling them nazis is just immature . 
   akp lacks 2 letters you know that ? 
  i did n't understand that , care to explain ? 
  cry somewhere else . 
  you wo n't saction us , and that 's plain as the day . 
  gods , what a pointless conversation . 
  did wales even take in any refugees ? 
  anyways , if you think we 're going to feed even more refugees out of the kindness of our hearts you 're gravely mistaken . 
  we had every right to let them pass . 
  are you fucking serious right now ? 
  because if you 're b8ing , i have to say , it 's a top notch b8 . 
  but if not , oh boy oh boy .
