  older than 1453 also . 
  using we is easier . 
  i do n't feel a connection with ottomans but still say we when referring to them . 
  perhaps not burning , but hagia sophia is also a mosque . 
  people would use it for muslim prayer too . 
  would you like that ? 
  huh , election is `` se\u00e7im '' in turkish . 
  did we take that from you i wonder ? 
  though it 's not pronounce like `` same '' . 
  remove gyro remove gyro you are worst greek . 
  you are the greek idiot you are the greek smell . 
  are n't jedi religious though ? 
   but they too will be replaced by someone . 
  obviously . 
  so will israel though . 
  no nation can stand the test of time . 
   turkey is n't really that much more powerful than greece delusion is real . 
  as poorly managed as we are , greece is not comparable turkey neither economically nor militarily . 
  lmao . 
  i laugh at people claiming turkey will invade greece . 
  yours is somehow even funnier . 
  considering istanbul has more turks than greece has greeks . 
  i would actually prefer that . 
  chances are i wo n't get the wallet back . 
  converting religious buildings is the ultimate banter, 
  i wish you could hear yourself speak . 
  i truly hope you 'll find some inner peace , man . 
  americans are stupid and fat . 
  is n't that discriminating ? 
  o b l i g a t o r y r a c i s m a g a i n s t t u r k s, 
  civilized world, 
  wait aristocrats still train in sword ? 
   he does n't know every flag in eurasia, 
  i like that . 
  you 're very ignorant about turks . 
  turks who accept armenian genocide and want to give reperations are less than a miniscule . 
  armenian population of turkey even smaller . 
  the fact that a brit does n't understand the concept of jokes does n't surprise me . 
   i consider turks from constantinople ( germans call a city aachen , in french it 's aix-la-chapelle , so no debate on what the name of the city should be ) oh please , i wo n't debate that because you asked me not to dwell but the situation between istanbul and constantinople is political . 
  anyways . 
  i have to bring up russia . 
  most russians ' values are n't probably comparable to your own . 
  they elect someone as putin , the homophobia is rampant . 
  why are they considered european ? 
  why are balkans , with their famous nationalism ? 
  your idea of european is western european . 
   openly supported the azerbaijani during the war in the 90s . 
  do you put that against us ? 
  recognition , have it all you want . 
  reperations ? 
  in your dreams . 
   recognition followed by reparation . 
  what makes you think the population supports this ? 
  the nerve of some people . 
   ataturk how does it come into the equation , oh i wonder so . 
  you armenians sure are a creative bunch . 
  no longer we participate . 
   remained when were we christian ? 
  please . 
  if our particular horde adopted christianity we would be seen in a much more positive light . 
  certainly european too . 
  you know well that this is not about history , europe is an arbitrary concept . 
  no ragrets, 
  sure . 
  in coffins . 
   constantinople lmao so butthurt . 
  you 'll never get it back . 
  what do you mean really ? 
  they are labour voters ? 
  \u3064 \u25d5 _ \u25d5 \u3064 venizelos take my energy \u3064 \u25d5 _ \u25d5 \u3064, 
  that 's true , i was just stating my personal opinion . 
  kurdistan may get it 's independence in future , i doubt secular turks would get it . 
  many turks hate greeks , many greeks hate turks . 
  you are my favourite non-turkic nation but it is foolish to claim we are brothers when so many of our compatriots hate each other . 
  that 's what i 'm suggesting . 
  the western coast is still secular at large . 
  kurds want their independence . 
  no way it is n't rigged also . 
  more like 1/2 ^ 37727, 
  i do . 
  tbf i no longer care about the integrity of turkey . 
  we are a doomed country , we failed . 
  obsession is real . 
  none . 
  fuck you . 
  never heard of it . 
  you ca n't differentiate between a kurd and a turk anyway . 
  there is no skin difference . 
  so bs . 
  he would still win the election , but not a fair referendum . 
  the sultanate strikes back, 
  i personally use `` his imperial majesty '' . 
  but still , is n't your western part pretty habitable ? 
  and by west i mean northwest of kazahstan, 
  not bs at all . 
  i hate iran , i do n't hate iranians . 
  not saying anti-country and anti-people are unrelated but you can be anti-russia without being anti-russian . 
  there are only 140 million russians ? 
  damn that 's few . 
  anti-russian or anti-russia ?
