  but i guess you and i are , to say the least , fundamentally different in our beliefs . 
  i 've also got to say that i 'm really fascinated how much of an echo chamber reddit is . 
  -4 after posting an objective and factually correct comment . 
  i guess this is a place where `` nationalism '' is considered just a step below `` national socialism '' . 
   since we 're apparently doing the quote-a-thon type of argument , i guess i 'll keep it going . 
  i only really do that so that my post is organised better . 
   the ussr was a state too , you know . 
  i do n't recall saying massive federated states are better than small ethnostates . 
  not really sure what you 're talking about here . 
  i merely said that greeks being under occupation by the ottoman empire is at least just as bad as ukrainians and balts being occupied by russia . 
   what are you talking about ? 
  i did n't advocate reginoal autonomy at any point in my comment . 
  there are other forms of societal structuring than just the same old top-down state system . 
  well then , what exactly are you advocating ? 
  how is an ethnicity supposed to have the right of self-determination without impacting other ethnicities other than having its own sovereign state or autonomy ? 
   oh , and what caused the austrians to invade serbia ? 
  it could n't possibly be because , i do n't know , a nationalist group assassinated the heir to their throne , and that their empire had been falling apart exactly because of people wanting self-determination ? 
  well , you seem to have a rather limited understanding of wwi as well . 
  it would have happened even if there was no assassination , because austria-hungary wanted to subjugate serbia . 
  the assassination only helped them acquire a legitimate casus belli quicky . 
   calling hitler a nationalist is nothing like calling stalin a socialist . 
  one is factually true in both their ideology and praxis , and one is only true in their ideology . 
  hitler believed in and acted upon nationalism . 
  stalin did only the first half with socialism , if even that . 
  talk about a strawman . 
  i only pointed out the fact that calling hitler a nationalist is an enormous understatement . 
  and the fact is , the great majority of nationalists do n't exactly fit within hitler 's beliefs . 
   that `` liberal '' i cited is an individualist anarchist and libertarian socialist . 
  does n't exactly seem very liberalistic to me . 
  ` course , more conservative types like yourself seem none-too-miffed about lumping everything even pretending to be a little bit left-of-center together in the same group . 
  talk about being '' '' `` intellectual '' '' '' . 
  that was not the main point of my argument . 
  my main point is that the guy made a mistake in defining patriotism . 
  he replaced the definition of patriotism with the definition of chauvinism . 
  i only assumed that he was a liberal because a lot of liberals think the same , and just because i did that , it does n't mean that i have no knowledge of the left . 
  he could be an anarcho-capitalist or a communist , his quote is wrong . 
   anyhow , the point is that patriotism , nationalism and chauvinism all go hand-in-hand . 
  even if we can argue about the small differences between each of those , it 's undeniable that all of them come from the same line of thinking . 
  a state can utilize that line of thinking when necessary . 
  for example , if a state feels threatened , chances are it 'll ramp up the chauvinism to make sure people do n't question the actions of the states . 
  in calmer , more stable times , it 'll let things cool down a little again in order to facilitate economic growth , or whatever else requires a population more willing to `` co-operate '' ( for lack of a better term ) with other states . 
  they really do n't go hand-in-hand . 
  sometimes they will , but not always . 
  i mean , that 's all i have to say here . 
  i disagree with your opinion . 
  just wanted to clarify this time , so you wo n't say that my opposing argument is `` instinctually ignorable '' like `` does n't seem like that to me '' . 
   i 'm danish . 
  i live in one of the longest-lasting states on the planet . 
  whenever i 've actually tried analysing the beliefs and values that supposedly characterise my nation , i probably find that they 're either so utterly generalized to the point of meaninglessness ( `` our values are about being nice , live and let live , that kind of thing '' ) , or they 're pointlessly specific , like bringing up specific types of food or similar , in which case it just turns into an game of figuring out what set of things each nation has ( italy is pizza , pasta , and old roman architecture , germany is beer and sausages , etc. ) . 
  the main characteristic which links all danes is language . 
  then , you have customs , stories , legends ... and of course , when it comes to ethno-nationalism , ethnicity is , along with language , the most important characteristic . 
  but i 'd say that there are far more ethno-nationalists than just civic nationalists out there . 
   you seem terribly sure that your ideas are absolutely 100 % factually the truth, 
  what i wrote in the first comment are not ideas , just facts . 
   and not another echo-chamber in your own head, 
  pretty sure , yeah . 
   where all opposing arguments have become either instinctually ignorable ( `` wrong . 
  '' , `` does n't seem like that to me . '' ), 
  i said `` wrong '' because what you said is wrong . 
  you said that patriotism and nationalism is the same . 
  and that 's incorrect . 
  i could 've wrote much more , but i did n't have to . 
  i said `` does n't seem like that to me '' when i replied to an opinion of yours . 
  what else am i supposed to say ? 
  `` i do not agree with your opinion '' ? 
   or easily ( and fallaciously , given the amount of strawmanning going on here ) dismissable . 
  how so ? 
  i did n't use a single strawman . 
  i completely agree with you , mate . 
   just saying `` i disagree with your opinion '' , is n't really an argument . 
  if you want to have a discussion , you need to present arguments supporting your opinion . 
  you did n't do that in those cases . 
  how am i supposed to respond to your specific opinions ? 
  `` rightful clay ? 
  do n't you know that it 's the current year ? 
  nationalism belongs to the middle ages '' how the hell am i supposed to argue that except to say `` i disagree '' ? 
   this is like a reverse-strawman . 
  you 're changing your own argument ( which i responded to previously ) in order to make it seem sturdier . 
  i think it 's called moving the goal posts ? 
  honestly not sure . 
  i did n't change my argument whatsoever . 
   here you 're just pretending that your opinion is concrete fact , without arguments . 
  again , i do n't know if this has a name , but it certainly is n't a very sturdy argument . 
  in fact , it 's not an argument at all . 
  are you for real ? 
  nationalism and patriotism are literally two different things , just go to wikipedia , when you visit the `` patriotism '' page it says how it 's not to be confused with nationalism . 
   again , i did n't make any arguments about this , so you 're just responding to yourself , essentially . 
  that 's because i had no idea what you were trying to say . 
   i did n't bring up autonomy . 
  yet more putting-words-in-my-mouth . 
  you linked some sort of autonomous republic in syria . 
   this may not be a strawman exactly , but it 's certainly fallacious . 
  i never said anything even related to that , so you 're just putting words in my mouth in order to `` defeat '' my arguments that i have n't even made, 
  i merely made an allusion to the fact that most of reddit treats russia and putin like they 're nazi germany and hitler mark ii . 
   you would n't call conquering and ethnically cleansing territories held by a foreign power because of nationalist claims to said territory chauvinist expansionism ? 
  or is it only bad when the bad guys do it ? 
  that 's just ethnic cleansing . 
  and while it is related to fervent nationalism , they do not necessarily go together , especially when a land is homogenous to begin with . 
   you showed patriotism as a friendly and useless ideology , the `` no need to harm anyone '' type of thing that the first comic also showed , and then you showed nationalism as a more aggressive `` this is rightfully ours because we say so , and we are going to take it by force '' type ideology that , guess what , the first comic also showed . 
  that 's not really what i showed .
