  the new privacy/data protection laws are going through the parliament now . 
  if the 50 governors of the us states had to come together once every 9 months to a year to decide the monetary policy of the dollar the us would be in a worse position than the euro . 
   i hope you are n't serious , the eu has nothing to do with this and wo n't do anything about it , it 's 100 % in the us and under their jurisdiction . 
  actually , that 's not strictly true . 
  under the terms of the safe harbour provisions ( an official decision of the european commission ) , us companies can be certified as being complaint with the data protection directive . 
  repeal that decision ( voluntarily or y the cjeu nullifying it ) and european organisations would no longer be able to store data in the us cloud ( including good , microsoft , facebook et . 
  arguably ( and this is my opinion ) , the european commission 's decision relating to the safe harbour provisions around the data protection directive contravenes article 7 of the charter of fundamental rights of the european union and the commission ( or indeed the cjeu ) would be obligated to revoke those provisions . 
   well , given how neelie kroes wants to push for net neutrality by 2014 well , one of the absolutely weakest forms of net neutrality , yes . 
  it 's my opinion ( ianal ) that the eu-us safe habor provisions relating to data protection are illegal under the charter of fundamental rights of the european union  i now hear more and more voices saying we need even stricter privacy laws , i have my doubts about the european comission being a puppet of the us govt . 
  else they would 've reduced the privacy laws already since us-based tech firms ( looking at you , google and facebook ) have been lobbying for less strict privacy laws recently . 
  the proposed eu data protection regulation has been the most lobbied piece of legislation in the union 's history ( according to meps from various political groups ) . 
  skype was bought by microsoft . 
  less than a month later it was part of prism . 
  they often do vote blindly . 
  the ep caught them off guard and switched the usual wording of a question so that ukip would vote ` no ' , when actually a no vote was endorsing the eu integration process . 
  i ca n't find the issue now , but i laughed a lot when it happened . 
  does anybody know which event guy was talking at ? 
  tfa does n't specify edit : found it . 
  it was [ the future of the eu ] ( http://www.europarl.org.uk/view/en/events/past_events/events_2013/futureeu.html;jsessionid=b127c4b3b8574a07cfbb6c83e2c26f12 ), 
  juice counts as well , apparently . 
  people * always * want a referendum . 
  [ 32 % ] ( https://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/ciksrfdgq5/yg-archive-europe-and-eurovision-results-210513.pdf ) want a referendum on britain 's participation in the eurovision song contest for crying out loud ... 
  at it 's heart it 's always been a winter festival , falling at roughly the time of the solstice . 
  decisions should be taken at the right level . 
  there are definitely things that should be decided at a european level , others on a national , regional or local level . 
  and the only place in the country where businesses literally have the vote . 
  so you want public policy to be based on your personal anecdotes rather than any hard evidence ... 
   you mean two gay men or two lesbians ? 
  not the same thing , gay ( male ) relationships are seldom monogamous and lasting . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  i ca n't speak for the rest of the eu ( the elections in each member state are run by the local electoral authorities and conform to local electoral tradition for the most part ) , but in the uk it 's just like any other election . 
  you turn up at your polling station and put an x in a box on the ballot paper . 
  in fact here they usually schedule the local ( i.e. 
  city council ) elections on the same day . 
  the various political parties at european level ( e.g. 
  european people 's party , party of european socialists , european green party etc. ), 
  are supposed to nominate their candidate for commission president before the election . 
  as far as i 'm aware none have done so yet , but pes will formally nominate their candidate in january . 
   did the citizens of the eu choose the current president ? 
  there 's no one eu president , but assuming you 're talking about the commission , no . 
  however , they will choose the next one in 2014 , indirectly . 
  the lisbon treaty states that the european parliament should elect the president of the commission so who you vote for in the ep elections will have an impact on who becomes president . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=huvbxb4xiqe ) might help explain, 
   i do view it as somewhat of an inevitability that sooner or later police will get shot in the line of duty ( not that it has n't happened before ) and there 'll be a reactionary movement which will succeed in routine armament this issue comes up from time to time , and did fairly recently when two pcs were shot in manchester . 
  the line ( from both politicians and the police ) is almost always that the police should not be routinely armed and that they should continue to police with consent . 
  i think there 's a sufficient bulwark to prevent the routine armament of police here . 
  your meme is bad and you should feel bad . 
  we are all , literally , made from stardust . 
   you need a royal charter to award degrees here so it 's not like any fly by night company can set one up . 
  that has n't been true since 1992 , the privy council grants the power to award degrees . 
   you know how the un works ? 
  countries vote . 
  in the general assembly , maybe . 
  but the security council is a completely different story . 
  i do n't think that the eu was as much designed to be this way , but grew in this direction organically , as it was the path of least resistance . 
  ( cf hanlon 's razor ) with respect to the ep , parliaments are rarely established with full competencies and powers from the get-go . 
  they 've usually accrued power piecemeal over a long period of time ( short of a revolution ) . 
  the ep 's roots only really stretch back as far as 1958 , so it 's come a fair way in a relatively short period of time . 
  there is no `` queue '' , the accession process is about the accession state implementing the aquis, 
  it depends . 
  it 's down to the other member states whether or not to have restrictions and for how long to have them ( until the option to restrict ends ), 
  well we 're only 14 months away from the next european parliament elections , and who becomes the next commission president will be based on which europarty gets the most votes , so that 's fairly close . 
  they 're two sides of the same coin . 
  issues need to be resolved at the correct level , be that at eu , national regional or local level . 
  in the uk at least , some powers definitely need to move upwards to the eu and other need to be devolved to the regional parliaments/assemblies or to regional authorities like the [ gmca ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greater_manchester_combined_authority ) . 
  either way , westminster has too much power . 
   btw , does anyone know what was pirate party 's stance and vote on the issue of online consumer dispute resolution ? 
  i missed that vote , and all i 'm able to find with google is about pron . 
  according to votewatch.eu , both amelia and christian voted for the resolution . 
   however , eu is fairly unique as a zone in the fact that it still forces a multi-national company to exist as a different entity in every separate country . 
  well , not quite . 
  it 's possible to register as a european company , although i think that 's only currently possible for publicly-traded companies and cooperatives at the moment . 
  the reason companies exist as multiple entities is for tax purposes . 
   i think it 's important for consumers that they can be certain that the products they buy are safe . 
  i 'd rather have 1000 animals die , than one person needlessly die in cancer . 
  that 's a completely false dichotomy . 
  there are other viable methods of testing that do not involve animal testing , and the long phase-in of the ban was precisely to allow time for these other methods to be developed and deployed without compromising public health . 
  this is from 2007, 
  it has n't even reached the end of its travels through the commons yet . 
  this was just the second reading . 
  there 's the committee , report and third reading stages to go before it gets sent to the lords . 
   i was under the impression you get that from better schools and better hospitals , but whatever yes , better schools and hospitals mean people have better education and health . 
  but children do n't stay at school 24/7 , and people do n't go to hospital that regularly either . 
  children ( and adults ... ) are better educated if they do research themselves at home ( e.g. 
  for homework ) . 
  people with access to the internet tend to also have better nutrition , * even when compared to those in the same socio-economic position * . 
   at what cost for the state and why should the government step into the business of the private sector ? 
  it 's no longer the business of the private sector if there is a market failure . 
  in that circumstance it 's incumbent on the state to enter the market if the goods/services that the market is providing are important enough . 
   you do understand that if there are no patents or copyrights that will only mean that any intellectual property will be so locked down that it will be virtually impossible to distribute it without vendor allowing it ? 
  the term `` intellectual property '' is stupid . 
  lumping various ideas into one broad term just confuses things . 
  using that term means that one sets up a conceptual space where one ca n't see the serious problems - and benefits - of each of the things that are called `` intellectual property '' . 
  a trade secret and a patent are pretty much polar opposites , and yet are both lumped under the same term . 
  what does a database right and a personality right actually have in common ? 
  and what do either of them have in common with plant breeder 's rights ? 
  by using the term , your argument becomes so ambiguous it 's practically meaningless . 
  if you mean copyright and patents , say copyrights and patents . 
  640k [ of ram ] ought to be enough for anybody ... 
  better education , better health , a better informed population in general ...
