  this candidate shall be elected by the european parliament by a majority of its component members . 
  if he does not obtain the required majority , the european council , acting by a qualified majority , shall within one month propose a new candidate who shall be elected by the european parliament following the same procedure . 
  -- article 17 ( 7 ) of the treaty on european union, 
  is that a fault of the eu , or a fault of national politics and the media ? 
  ( or , alternatively , which is more at fault ? ), 
  more has been written about the spitzenkandidaten system * after * the elections in the uk than during the campaign . 
  just look at the eurovision debate - some eu broadcasters refused to even televise the debate , or only streamed it online . 
  the bbc decided to put it on bbc parliament . 
  it 's a channel that has [ less than 0.1 % of the share of total viewing ] ( http://www.barb.co.uk/viewing/monthly-total-viewing-summary?period[]=20140501&amp;button_submit=view+figures ) . 
  compare this to the nick vs nigel debates , that were broadcast live on lbc , sky news and bbc news/bbc two . 
  yes , but it 's not eu-wide . 
  it 's being implemented under enhanced cooperation due to a couple of member states not liking the language provisions . 
  is that a fault of the eu , or a fault of national politics and the media ? 
  ( or , alternatively , which is more at fault ? ), 
  more has been written about the spitzenkandidaten system * after * the elections in the uk than during the campaign . 
  just look at the eurovision debate - some eu broadcasters refused to even televise the debate , or only streamed it online . 
  the bbc decided to put it on bbc parliament . 
  it 's a channel that has [ less than 0.1 % of the share of total viewing ] ( http://www.barb.co.uk/viewing/monthly-total-viewing-summary?period[]=20140501&amp;button_submit=view+figures ) . 
  compare this to the nick vs nigel debates , that were broadcast live on lbc , sky news and bbc news/bbc two . 
  and immediately after that it says that the president shall be * elected * by the european parliament . 
  himself . 
  he 's the spitzenkandidat for alde :p, 
   hell , at times i think economists do n't understand economy quite . 
  gather 10 economists in a room and you 'll have 12 opinions . 
  the issue , in my opinion , is about having the right powers at the right level . 
  more powers need to be more localised , but it 's also true that some issues can only realistically be solved at an international/supranational level . 
  in the uk , at least , westminster is way too powerful and power needs to flow from it in both directions . 
  pfft , liar . 
  everybody knows that it was abraham lincoln that said that . 
  lol . 
  not all of us do , and the opinion polls suggest that more people would vote to remain in the eu than leave if a referendum was held . 
  i think you dropped [ this ] ( https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-whezcogjrq8/t5tzqmge-pi/aaaaaaaaask/ppfxdhv4tog/s1600/tin-foil-hat.jpg ) , might want to put it back on . 
   the fact that this was n't in the treaty makes me think it is n't the law either in letter or spirit . 
  well , i think that choosing one of the spitzenkandidaten ( mainly jcj or schulz ) would definitely be `` taking into account the elections to the european parliament '' . 
  if ( and only if ) they do n't get the requisite majority in the parliament should the council nominate a new person . 
  choosing one of the spitzenkandidaten would be observing the law , though . 
  it 's following the spirit * as well as * the letter of the law . 
  there is another side to this issue , though , and that 's the european parliament . 
  the ep may still refuse to elect a commission president that is n't one of those we 're talking about . 
  we 're going round in circles now . 
  i know what the teu says , and i agree that the law says that the european council does n't * have * to choose one of the spitzenkandidaten as their nominee , but they * should * , as that 's how the election has been run . 
  do you think that the presidential debates were done for fun ? 
  because the election has been run on the basis that one of the spitzenkandidaten would become the next commission president . 
   but what cameron is doing is entirely within the law . 
  i do n't think anybody is claiming that it 's illegal . 
  but it is * wrong * . 
  money is n't the most important thing about groups ( unlike europarties ) , but being in a group gives you more speaking time , committee seats etc. 
  * open borders : ok , not a policy we share * open communication structures : check . 
  * relaxation and harmonisation of copyright : check . 
  * opening of eu institutions for participation through transparency : check . 
  * not just publication , but participation : check . 
  * commitment to human rights : check . 
  i think you would struggle to find a single pirate party that did n't endorse ( nearly ) all of those policy points . 
  that sounds like core pirate policy to me ( as a pirate mep candidate from the uk ), 
   brits do n't want any of that stuff . 
  odd , as almost all of the opinion polls this year point to us wanting to stay in the eu , despite all of those things . 
   people were told it would be a financial union , and it grew beyond that . 
  it is n't the uk that changed , it 's the eu . 
  erm , not really . 
  a full * decade * before the uk joined the eu , this was part of the ecj 's case law :  the community constitutes a new legal order of international law for the benefit of which the states have limited their sovereign rights , albeit within limited fields and the subjects of which comprise not only member states but also their nationals . 
  independently of the legislation of member states , community law therefore not only imposes obligations on individuals but is also intended to confer upon them rights which become part of their legal heritage . 
  these rights arise not only where they are expressly granted by the treaty , but also by reason of obligations which the treaty imposes in a clearly defined way upon individuals as well as upon the member states and upon the institutions of the community . 
  not to mention that the extant treaty at the time - rome - and our accession treaty both had prominent clauses at the top calling for an ever closer union . 
  the fact that we then chose - via national referendum - to stay in the eu should have sorted the issue , but ukip are fighting the battles of the 70s all over again . 
  2017 is when the uk will hold the rotating presidency of the council of the european union . 
   two houses , the commons ( upper house ) and the lords ( lower house ) you have that the wrong way around , the commons is the * lower * house . 
   how are the other commissioners elected ? 
  does the commission president hand-pick them ? 
  the high representative ( which is analogous to a foreign minister ) is chosen by the member states , collectively . 
  each of the member states will then choose one person to be a commissioner ( except for the two that will `` provide '' the president and high representative ) . 
  the commission president , once elected by the european parliament , will choose which commissioner gets which portfolio , and then the european parliament votes for the entire commission en-bloc . 
  the results ca n't be announced until voting has finished in al 28 member states , so as not to influence the result in the countries that vote later , so the results will have to wait until sunday night ( 11pm cest ), 
  for the purposes of the eu elections , they 're part of south-west england . 
  it 's slightly bizarre . 
  the two sitting pirate meps have done [ lots of really important work in the european parliament ] ( http://piratetimes.net/what-the-pirate-meps-have-accomplished-in-the-european-parliament/ ) . 
  * thursday ( today ) : uk and the netherlands * friday : ireland and the czech republic ( day 1 ) * saturday : latvia , malta , slovakia , french overseas territories and the czech republic ( day 2 ) * sunday : austria , belgium , bulgaria , croatia , cyprus , denmark , estonia , finland , france , germany , greece , hungary , italy , lithuania , luxembourg , poland , portugal , romania , sweden , slovenia and spain, 
  the lead candidates for the piratenpartei are really good , competent people though . 
  no , it 's a one more reason to vote for parties that will stand up for your rights . 
  sorry about that , our site was getting a little overwhelmed earlier . 
  try again now , it 's back up , 
  that anything in it that 's good would have to be thrown away because of the bad . 
  if the process was open and inclusive , we would be able to get rid of the bad things ( like isds and draconian copyright and patent provisions ) before the executives agreed on a final text . 
  to draw an analogy , imagine that governments would secretly negotiate with big businesses behind closed doors about what laws should be made , then produced bills and all parliament could do is vote to accept or reject them , without the possibility of amending the legislation . 
  nobody in their right mind would accept that as a valid way of making law . 
  the ad is up now : https://i.imgur.com/vrg2xxd.png, 
  i would ... but i 'd rather not put my colleagues in a position [ where they face bankruptcy again ] ( http://torrentfreak.com/music-industry-threatens-to-bankrupt-pirate-party-members-121215/ ) . 
  [ here ] ( https://i.imgur.com/vrg2xxd.png ) 's a screenshot for you , 
  they will ( we have supplied them with artwork for it ... ), 
  this is one of the ( many ) reasons you should vote for a party that will stand up for your rights in europe - one that knows what it 's talking about when it comes to digital issues . 
  if you can , you should vote pirate . 
   a week ago i attended a debate with some representatives of the conservatives , greens and lib dems , either sitting meps or candidates to be meps , and they were all in agreement that the fundamental principle of net neutrality being enshrined in eu law is a good thing . 
  i also believe labour supports it too . 
  that 's odd , because zero conservative meps voted in favour of net neutrality , and only one labour mep voted in favour . 
  i was under the impression that the party list order determined who would get elected . 
  is there some sort of personal mandate as well ? 
  alas , it 's the same in the uk as well :(, 
  in 2009 they got 0.9 % in the ep election . 
  they 're currently polling around 2.2 % . 
  they 've had some problems , yes , but it 's a movement that is less than 10 years old , and one that only hit the mainstream conciousness ~ 5 years ago . 
  growing pains can be a bitch .
