  it was first adopted by the council of europe in 1955 who also promote its use by other european institutions , including the eu ( who adopted it in 1985 ), 
  yougov 's poll is n't weighted by likelihood to vote , whereas opinium 's is . 
  to be honest , i do n't think factoring in likelihood to vote is worth is this far out from a hypothetical referendum . 
   how about state-funding religious schools who still preach this ? 
  that 's pretty much what this article is about . 
  those are the schools this decision affects . 
  do n't know and wo n't vote answers are n't included in the graph . 
  expenditure per capita in usd ( ppp ) : * new zealand : $ 3,182 * united kingdom : $ 3,405 * australia : $ 3,800 * sweden : $ 3,925 * france : $ 4,118 * germany : $ 4,495 * canada : $ 4,522 * netherlands : $ 5,099 * switzerland : $ 5,643 * norway : $ 5,669 * united states : $ 8,508, 
   i understand that this might be what you want , but it does n't have any relation to what is currently written in the treaty . 
  when you write `` should '' here , you seem to mean `` i would like '' . 
  and i might therefore just as well write `` should n't '' . 
  it 's true that 's not what is in the treaty , but that 's how parliamentary systems of government generally work . 
   the council has no formal requirement to take into account the parliament 's recation or opinion . 
  as a matter of political reality it will . 
  however , i might just as well argue that the council is free to propose who it wants . 
  the parliament is limited in only considering who the council proposes . 
  exactly , political reality - which was my point in the first place . 
   the turnout is relevant factor because democratic legitimacy comes partly through electorate participation . 
  partly , yes , but i do n't think we 're at the level where turnout is so low it should play a ( significant ) part . 
  turnout is still in the mid-40s , and the drop has been arrested . 
   the fact that other than you , me and a few other anoraks on here nobody understands how the eu works is an argument for fewer powers for the eu rather than more though . 
  similarly , people do n't really understand how our domestic system works so the same argument could be made ( although slightly less forcefully ) for giving powers * back * to westminster , 
  i agree that it 's not ideal , but in my opinion it 's a side-effect of meps being able to vote with their conscience rather than party whipping or politicking . 
  that 's a good thing , even though on balance it 's somewhat intransparent . 
  the fact that it 's a secret vote gives them plausible deniability if ukip and other eurosceptics attack them though . 
   i understand this argument , but i do n't think it is necessarily the case that there will be more competition and coverage in 2018/2019 . 
  perhaps i 'm an optimist , but i think there will be . 
  this year was a bit of a step in to new territory so it 's no wonder that everything was a bit uncertain . 
  if a spitzenkandidat is elected by parliament then it shows that the process ` works ' and politicians will politic ( as they do ) and will go for it . 
   and i do n't take the view that it would necessarily be a good thing either . 
  so this `` pragmatic '' argument only makes sense if your starting position is that greater integration is a good thing . 
  that 's not my starting position . 
  i do n't think that 's the starting position at all , it 's not really to do with integration tbh . 
   almost every thing in the labour party statement about opposing juncker applies equally to schulz though . 
  not endorsing schulz was quite a significant step by the labour party . 
  i expect that politically they would want to oppose schulz , given the mood in the country and the arguments ukip would make if they supported him . 
  i think it 's a matter of the lesser of evils for the labour party . 
  i ca n't see them opposing him if it came down to a vote . 
  at the extreme perhaps abstaining , but that 's highly unlikely in my opinion . 
   however , i am not sure that broadcasting the debates between the spiztzenkandidaten is really in the public interest . 
  i completely disagree , 
   it is n't the case that no attention is paid , i agree that this should be taken into account . 
  but other things should also be taken into account too , such as the low turn-out , the fact that most of the electorate had not heard of the juncker and also the fact that the eusceptic vote dramatically increased . 
  i 'm not so sure that turnout should necessarily really factor in to the decision . 
  yes , turnout is low but the gap between national elections and european elections is mostly the same . 
  the spitzenkandidaten system is new , and the media , member states and even the electorate have n't really grasped the fact that the parliament has gained a * lot * of power over the years . 
  most people think that the way the eu works is the same as it was 10/15/20 years ago . 
   if they have absolutely no discretion in who they nominate , then i can not see any point in giving them a formal role . 
  well it 's by no means a guarantee that the candidate from the largest party would be able to obtain a majority in the parliament - or even that there * is * a largest party in the parliament ; the epp and s&d may be tied . 
  at that point the council should have discretion to propose a compromise candidate ( whether that 's a spitzenkandidat or not ) . 
  the * first * proposal should be more or less a formality , but what happens after that is definitely at the council 's discretion . 
   i 'm not sure why the `` last word '' is any more definitive than the `` first word '' . 
  to me it looks like there is institutional equality here . 
  because the council has to take parliament 's reaction/opinion in to account . 
  parliament just has to elect or not . 
   given that the labour party did not endorse schulz as candidate for the s&d group , it would be somewhat contradictory for them to vote for him as commission president . 
  not really . 
  not endorsing him is different from opposing him . 
   the us presidential debates have limited relevance to uk voters , but uk voters were still interested in the debates . 
  what the public are interested in is a factor in the bbc 's scheduling . 
  auntie is a public service broadcaster . 
  it should air things that are in the public interest , not * just * what 's interesting to the public . 
   i 'm not a fan of politicizing the commission either . 
  the commission has been politicised for a while now . 
  it used to be balanced left-right ( aided by multiple commissioners per member state ) , but the last three commissions have been overwhelmingly right of centre . 
  remember that barosso is an epp man . 
   there is n't really anyone more federalist than juncker , is there ?!, 
  how old are the mandates of the respective heads of government and state represented in the european council ? 
  cameron , for instance , was elected more than 4 years ago . 
  how fresh is the mandate of the european parliament ? 
  less than a month old . 
   no , the fact that the electorate had not heard of juncker is not an argument for picking juncker . 
  an argument for picking juncker would be that people had heard of him . 
  actually , i think it is a purely pragmatic reason for picking juncker - while there was barely any coverage of the spitzenkandidaten - or indeed much competition for the role of spitzenkandidat in the respective parties - if a spitzenkandidat is chosen as commission president then there * will * be competition and coverage in 2018/2019 . 
  the lisbon treaty is new ( it has n't yet had a full electoral cycle in full effect ) , and the spitzenkandidat system was debuted this year . 
  ^ ( ( also apologies for spamming replies to you , you 're one of the very few offering proper debate on the subject on the other side of the argument to me ) ^ ), 
  they are , however , asking that the process be respected :  all parliament has said is that it expects the candidate of the party that won most seats to be given the first chance to secure the necessary majorities . 
  after all , what would be the point of parties announcing their preferred candidate prior to the election if no attention were paid to this afterwards ? 
  why would countries ( including britain ) agree a treaty change providing for the european council to take account of the election results when considering who to nominate , if they did n't mean it ? 
   of course , a compromise candidate will have to be sought if there is no overall majority in favour of mr juncker -- given that the epp did n't win an overall majority in the elections either -- but not without first checking whether he can secure one . 
   also , i 'm not sure if even changing the treaty to remove the council from the process would satisfy me . 
  the majority of the electorate in the eu vote in relation to local issues rather than eu issues , did not follow the debates and were not in any meaningful sense making a vote for juncker . 
  thus i 'm not sure if it really makes sense to argue that removing the council from the process is an improvement . 
  well i think the european council should have some involvement in the process , but that the spitzenkandidat of the largest party should be nominated . 
  if the parliament fails to elect them then it should fall back on the council to nominate another ( whether that 's a spitzenkandidat or a compromise candidate ) . 
  at the end of the day the parliament has the last word by treaty and the council , although they have the treaty right to propose the candidates for election by parliament , need to understand that 's the political reality . 
  the parliament should get its way when all is said and done . 
   i do n't think it is a question of `` fault '' that most of the eu electorate had heard of juncker . 
  i do n't think it is bad that they have not heard of him . 
  i am fine with people not being interested in him . 
  fair enough . 
   given that the debate was entirely irrelevant to anyone but a small minority of the uk population ( ukip and the conservatives belong to groups not involved in the debate and labour did not endorse schulz , mention the eu in any significant way in their manifesto and told schulz not to come to the uk to campaign ) , this decision by the bbc strikes me as the correct one . 
  ehh , if the s&d were the largest party , i 'm sure that labour meps would have voted for him ( as much as the labour party do n't like schulz they like junker and verhofstadt less ) . 
  either way , the debates were certainly newsworthy . 
  we 're part of the eu and those people were campaigning for the top job . 
  i recall that the us presidential debates were aired on the bbc news channel and that has * zero * electoral relevance to uk voters . 
  the office of prime minister is referred to in many acts of parliament , even though the office is n't codified and came about by convention . 
  statute ( and treaty )  convention . 
   cameron 's is rare due to the uk 's fptp system 25 of the last 100 years have been coalitions , iirc , so it ` snot * that * rare . 
  technically the council * proposes * and the parliament * elects * :  taking into account the elections to the european parliament and after having held the appropriate consultations , the european council , acting by a qualified majority , shall propose to the european parliament a candidate for president of the commission .
