is leaving the common market really in the uk 's national interest ? 
  not really . 
  laptop : arch linux media centre : ubuntu phone : android, 
   `` i 'm happy that the commission be fairly criticised , but i do n't accept unfair or unjust criticism , '' he told journalists in brussels . 
   when asked about his relationship with mr cameron , he added : '' `` i do n't have a problem with david cameron , he has a problem with the other prime ministers . '', 
  that 's an `` attack '' ? 
  well i 'm not saying that you believe it either , i 'm just offering up further arguments against eu migration being a bad thing . 
   the main argument that people make against eu immigration in the uk is that unemployed brits could be doing these jobs to quote from the [ migration advisory committee 's analysis of the impacts of migration report ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/257235/analysis-of-the-impacts.pdf ) :  our results indicate that inflows of working-age eu migrants did not have a statistically significant association with native employment over [ the period 1995 to 2010 ] . 
  so that argument does n't really hold up . 
   except that ` net contribution ' does n't account for the depression of native employment and their burden on the state that would be a good argument were it not for the fact that there 's no statistically significant effect on `` native '' employment levels as a result of eu migration . 
  to quote from the [ migration advisory committee 's analysis of the impacts of migration report ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/257235/analysis-of-the-impacts.pdf ) :  our results indicate that inflows of working-age eu migrants did not have a statistically significant association with native employment over [ the period 1995 to 2010 ] . 
  unfortunately , yes . 
  there have been repeated wails of `` benefit tourism !!! '', 
  in the press . 
  a lot of people think that eu migrants come here because we 'll give them free money and housing , and they 'll suck up so many local resources so there 's no longer enough for the `` native population '' . 
  well we knew what equations were going to be used to calculate the correction - the government approved that . 
  we knew what figures were going to be put in to those equations - the government supplies the statistics to the eu . 
  given that , it 's not exactly rocket surgery to work out how much we 'd pay . 
   this still seems like some theatrical dance for the public so far . 
  watch cameron make a small concession , and then merkel will make a small offer , and so on and so on until they meet in the middle and agree on a settlement . 
  also known as a `` negotiation '' . 
  indeed . 
  though i would n't say that the eu lumbered us with the bill , though , we did n't object to the way this bill was calculated until after it was announced . 
  no doubt that 's the primary reason for it . 
  i lay the blame squarely on george osborne and the treasury for that though . 
  very true . 
  the question asked in the yougov poll was  if there was a referendum on britain 's membership of the european union , how would you vote ? 
  and the question asked in the ipsos mori poll was  if there were a referendum now on whether britain should stay in or get out of the european union , how would you vote ? 
  the polls have been swinging lately . 
  less than three weeks ago ipsos mori had the figures at 56 % stay 36 % leave - the highest lead for stay for a * long * time . 
  no , that was a non-binding backbench motion . 
  it 's actually up to the government to recognise other states , not parliament . 
  i doubt it . 
  the tories wo n't do it , labour are split and nobody looks like they would be able to form a majority government . 
  it even looks like no two parties would be able to form a majority coalition government by themselves . 
  the chances of hmg making that decision any time soon are very low . 
  but we 're european too !, 
  we 're isolated in most media from europe , it 'd be a good thing to show british redditors things from a slightly different perspective . 
  default for * some * ( or perhaps * most * ) europeans , not all . 
  uk redditors are still shielded ~ ~ by farage ~ ~ for some reason . 
   cameron seems rather surprised by it . 
  if he 's * actually * surprised , then it 's a failure by his government to properly inform him . 
  but i 'd bet he did know , and is feigning ignorance for political reasons . 
  that pretty much covers most of it , yeah . 
  because the eussr is controlled by the neoliberal anti-democratic communist eurocrats that want to destroy our way of life , of course !, 
   the argument would be that who the fuck would want to go work in bulgaria or romania ? 
  one of my friends recently spent two months in bulgaria on a sort-of-on-holiday-but-actually-remote-working kind of deal . 
  he 's been seriously considering moving there for the foreseeable future if he can work it out with his employer . 
   if that is true then why do a huge number of countries emulate the westminster system ? 
  because it has the kudos of being seen as the `` mother of parliaments '' , and has the benefit of keeping established parties established which is certainly an advantage to those in power when setting up a new form of government . 
   our political system was developed over the best part of a millennium and has n't seen a violent challenge in a very , very long time . 
  all that means is that it 's democratic enough to avoid violent challenge , not that it 's particularly democratic in absolute terms . 
   it 's main advantage is unlike many countries it is very stable and is highly likely to produce majority governments which prevents the decision making process getting bogged down in compromise and inter-party bickering . 
  is that a marker of a democratic system ? 
  having a country dominated by a majority government that does not necessarily gather the majority of votes nationwide does not seem to be particularly democratic to me . 
  -- nothing you have said has really talked about the comparative levels of democracy vs the european union , though . 
  i 'm getting my information from the uk 's migration advisory committee 's [ * analysis of the impacts of migration * report ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/257235/analysis-of-the-impacts.pdf ) . 
  to quote from the report :  our results indicate that inflows of working-age eu migrants did not have a statistically significant association with native employment over [ the period 1995 to 2010 ] and  our results also corroborate those from gilpin et al. 
  ( 2006 ) , lemos and portes ( 2008 ) , and lemos ( 2010 ) which find that a8 migrants had little or no impact on the uk unemployment rate . 
  we estimate that eu migration had little or no impact on the native employment rate , even when testing the relationship over the periods 1975 to 1994 and 1995 to 2010 separately . 
  and  it may be assumed that migration has no impact on average wages , but that migration increases wages at the top of the wage distribution and lowers wages at the bottom of the wage distribution . 
  researchers might use the results estimated in dustmann et al. 
  ( 2008 ) for the impact of migration on the wage distribution the interpretation of the dunstmann et al. 
  ( 2008 ) report is given as  a 1 percentage point increase in the non-uk-born/uk-born ratio decreased average wages by approximately 0.5 per cent in the 1st decile of the wage distribution ; increased average wages by approximately 0.6 per cent in the 5th decile of the wage distribution ; and increased average wages by approximately 0.4 per cent in the 9th decile of the wage distribution and the impact of 10,000 additional migrants on the uk wage distribution :  - # 1.00 per year for the 1st decile of the wage distribution ; + # 3.70 per year for the 5th decile of the wage distribution ; and + # 5.40 per year for the 9th decile of the wage distribution, 
   wait : do i summarize it correctly when i say that citizens have a chance of getting rid of unwanted legislation if , and only if , the ep and the council would agree with such a proposal ? 
  because that is what i 'm fighting against , as citizens ( but correct me if i am wrong ) can only place something on the commission 's agenda . 
  yes , that 's pretty much it . 
  submissions are limited to asking the commission to exercise its regular powers under the treaties . 
   citizens should be able to completely kill off eu legislation , whenever they feel that something is a bad development . 
  as far as i know , the eci does n't provide the tools for doing so ( yet ) . 
  as i understand it , you can submit an eci to repeal legislation , or rather to propose new legislation that would repeal old legislation . 
  i agree with you , though , that the eci is still too limited . 
  the threshold for consideration by the commission is too burdensome in my opinion . 
  to be fair , that would n't have helped . 
  the efdd already had french representation . 
   the best way to remedy too much eu interference is incorporating more direct democracy in the shape of referendums , though with a high enough threshold to prevent a flood of referendums for just about every controversial subject . 
  what do you think of the european citizens ' initiative ? 
  during times of economic contraction ( but not growth ) , low pay is ( very slightly , but statistically significantly ) held down and high pay is increased ( subject to the same caveats ) . 
   why did you highlight that part but ignore the part before and after it ? 
  because they * elected * him . 
  perhaps you might think that 's a minor semantic point , but that 's how these things evolve . 
   it is the european council that prososes a candidate , and if the euopean parliament rejects him , the european council selects another . 
  right , so the european parliament - our directly elected representatives - has the final say . 
   this is the exact thing that the people in hong kong are protesting about . 
  your options are being chosen by someone external . 
  instead of china choosing your candidates , it is the european council . 
  so the european parliament has no real power regarding this . 
  no it 's not . 
  the final say in hong kong rests with beijing . 
  the final say in the eu rests with the directly elected parliament . 
   and the debate about whether fptp or pr being more democratic is entirely based on opinion and conjecture . 
  not really . 
  the more votes you get under pr the more seats you get . 
  under fptp that 's not true at all . 
  if a party that gets more votes gets fewer seats , how is that more democratic ? 
   when it comes down to it , the eu parliament can not select commisioners not individually , but it has to approve the entire college . 
  it 's not unknown for the parliament to demand a reshuffle before it will approve the college . 
   or the president it did pretty well getting juncker , no ? 
   they can not create or remove legislation . 
  for the most part they ca n't * initiate * the legislative procedure , but they can create or remove legislation when they 're ammending proposals from the commission .
