  hardly pragmatic !, 
  it is ; 96 is the most seats that a member state can have in the ep . 
  it * was * 99 previously , though . 
  well , there 's a * small * amount of harmonisation ; elections have to use stv or party list , subdivisions can only be made if it does n't generally affect the proportionality of the voting system and setting a maximum threshold of 5 % at the national level . 
  additionally , eu nationals have the right to vote , and to stand , in elections to the ep in the member state where they 're resident , and be subject to the same rules as nationals of that member state . 
  i think i would prefer there to be some more harmonisation , though . 
  it would make campaigning across the entire union easier . 
  you can always register to vote where you live , but ( as far as i know ) it depends on your home country as to whether you can register to vote there instead . 
   they do , but without the consent of the people i guess this depends on what one regards as ` concept of the people ' . 
  does this mean * only * by means of referenda or does it also mean via representative democracy ? 
  would increased turnout at general elections transitively increase the level of consent by the people ? 
   i mean which party and which policies . 
  sorry it was so late when i wrote that . 
  thanks for correcting . 
  it 's a common misconception - just think back to the complaints about brown 's government not being elected in 2007 . 
   i mean it 's deeply unpopular and people do n't know the faces in the eu at all . 
  how many people in the uk know the faces of the government and opposition ? 
  i bet most people could only really name 6 or 7 of them . 
  cameron , clegg , milliband , gove , cable , balls and perhaps pickles . 
  i wonder how many could even name their constituency mp . 
   i want more democracy and that means taking powers back from the eu and back from westminster back locally per constituency . 
  i 'm all for having power at the correct level , but sometimes power needs to move up rather than down . 
  there are some issues that are best solved at european level and the eu should have the competencies to deal with these . 
  i 'm talking about trade , the environment , consumer protection ( at * least * when it 's transnational ) , amongst other things . 
  some may say that even if those issues are dealt with at european/international level there 's no need for the eu and it 's bureaucracy but i strongly disagree with that stance . 
  it 's better to have permanent structures and institutions in place rather than continually set up and tear down ad-hoc negotiations . 
  not just for logistical reasons but because it allows for proper democratic involvement . 
  we elect meps to serve our interests in the eu ; to hold the commission to account , to write legislation ( well , usually amend legislation but there 's nothing [ other than the council ] to stop them completely re-writing a commission proposal ) . 
  try doing that with trade agreements - just look at the trans-pacific partnership or acta for what legislation-by-treaty does . 
  it removes all democratic oversight completely . 
  the treaties are negotiated behind closed doors and presented to parliaments as a fait acomplis . 
   who exactly is a `` eurocrat '' ? 
  because it 's a pretty stupid way to dumb a complex political system into one term unless of course done for propagandistic purposes . 
  it 's a civil servant working for the eu . 
  it 's a pejorative and a handy scape goat that eurosceptics like to fall back on . 
   yes but as british national i vote on the democratic government ruling the country can you ? 
  we elect members of parliament , we do n't elect ( or vote on ) governments . 
   not a federation emperor no one has ever heard of emperor ? 
  please . 
  your rhetoric does not do you any favours . 
   i can vote to change the government of my country via democracy you can vote to change * your mp * , not the government . 
  collectively as an electorate , perhaps we can but the * exact same thing * can be said of the eu : we elect meps , and those meps will elect the head of the executive . 
  the commons does n't even do that in the uk , even if it does have the power to remove him or her ; the queen appoints the head of government . 
   if i understand correctly my vote becomes increasingly disenfranchised by the eu 's taking of sovereign powers from my country , my political representation as one individual of many in a democracy country becomes diluted/lowered in value by the eu . 
  well , you do n't understand correctly . 
  it does n't really even make sense to say that a `` vote becomes [ disenfranchised ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/disenfranchise#verb ) '' . 
  vote * rs * can become disenfranchised , but if you 're eligible to vote in parliamentary and local elections then the same franchise extends to the european parliament elections . 
  we elect representatives to the european parliament just as we elect representatives to the house of commons and your local council ( except that it 's arguably * more * democratic as we use proportional representation for ep elections ) . 
  elections aside , the eu does n't * take * sovereignty , the member states voluntarily * pool * their sovereignty . 
  iirc , the labour party was split on the issue , hence the referendum . 
  oh please . 
  clegg was pro-european * way * before he became lib dem leader , let alone `` washed up '' . 
  have you forgotten that he worked for the european commission in the mid 90 's before being elected to the european parliament in 1999 , and that he was the lib dem 's europe spokesperson under kennedy ? 
   it 's claiming that labour will beat ukip in the uk labour have been leading in the polls since october . 
  the latest poll ( icm/guardian poll on 09/02/14 ) has labour on 35 % , tories on 25 % , ukip on 20 % , lib dems on 9 % and the greens on 7 % . 
  there 's no reason why there could n't be a double-majority required , one of both the ez and non-ez states . 
   so , with around 15 % of all uk businesses having some business with the eu , around 10 % of gdp . 
  yet eu regulations apply to 100 % of uk businesses the whole `` eu regulations/red tape '' thing seems like a bogeyman to me . 
  even if we did n't have regulations at a european level ( which , imho , is a good thing for trade and interoperability - the fewer global standards the better ) , most of them would have to be replicated by * local * regulations anyway . 
  it 'd only be changing the scope of regulations . 
  if i remember correctly , spain is against * unilateral * secession , not secession per se . 
  as long as the uk agrees to scotland becoming an independent nation state they have no problem with it . 
   though , i also hope that by the time they expand , eu has a `` digital market '' , and that netflix would be available to the whole of the eu , not just certain member states . 
  help make that happen then , [ respond to the consultation on copyright ] ( http://copywrongs.eu/ ), 
  if merkel was serious about data protection , she 'd stop germany from trying to stall/undermine the general data protection regulation in the council . 
  well it is a story for the `` historically challenged '' after all . 
   w3c may be the organization to smoothe it out , but ultimately the browsers have the power to steer html . 
  ( and by extension users of the browsers ) the w3c has already lost control of html to the browser vendors - the whatwg now writes the html specification . 
  the w3c only publishes snapshots . 
   there is a hypothesis about that you cant have all three of decentralization , easy names , and privacy . 
  ( forgot the specifics , where is that wiki page . . ) tor , freenet dont have neat domain names . 
  that 'd be [ zooko 's triangle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zooko%27s_triangle ) : secure , decentralised , human meaningful : pick two . 
   just like the eu did to irish voters by making them vote again and it did to french and dutch voters by bringing in the constitution by the backdoor the second irish vote was on different terms to the first , namely the eu gave ireland guarantees on the number of commissioners , abortion , taxation and military neutrality . 
  additionally `` the main reason cited for voting no [ in the first referendum ] was ` lack of knowledge/information/understanding ' '' ^ [ 0 ] similarly , the lisbon treaty is not the constitution , even if it contained some of the same provisions . 
  a no vote for a specific package is not a no vote for * everything * in the package . 
   canada and australia do fine on selective immigration strategies , so its not going to effect them that much in that sense either . 
  canada and australia are n't landlocked countries completely surrounded by a bloc that they just terminated an agreement with . 
  it 's an apples-to-oranges comparison . 
   the eu ca n't do anything at all . 
  you ca n't just gang up cut off or even price a country out of something . 
  the imf , world trade organization and un will step in as will most of the world including eu members . 
  the eu can terminate the treaties they have with switzerland , as this is expressly stated in the treaties . 
   it would literally be considered an act of war . 
  oh please . 
  it would not . 
   this is silly . 
  the world is not run by 5 year olds who say do n't like my friend you ca n't play with my toys . 
  that 's exactly what the swiss have done ; to use your analogy , switzerland and the eu had an agreement to share their toys ( the internal market etc. ), 
  and switzerland said they no longer wanted to honour part of the agreement . 
  the agreement stated that if any part of the agreement was broken by one party , the other party could revoke any and all other parts of the agreement , thus not allowing either of them to share their toys any more . 
  there are plenty of eurosceptics who continually harp on about how the commonwealth will be the savour of the uk if we leave the eu . 
  well the article does cover this :  the government reply indicates the real numbers could be higher , due to `` a high evidence of non-registration '' in france , portugal and spain . 
   free trade and free movement of people are two separate issues and the swiss people have a right to decide their own destiny . 
  while that 's all true , it 's missing the point somewhat . 
  the common market is about more than simple free trade . 
  for it to work you need freedom of movement for people , capital , services * and * goods . 
  if the swiss want to terminate their relationship with the eu regarding freedom of movement ( as is their right to do so as a sovereign people ) , then they should accept that it means breaking the relationship with the common market and all that it entails . 
  that 's hardly `` punishment '' . 
  reducing inequality helps * all * strata of society , not just those at the bottom . 
  of course , it helps those at the bottom most , but even those at the top gain .
