  too many vowels . 
  the constitution is largely written , but it 's not * all * written , and definitely not in a single document . 
  for instance , major parts of our constitution are `` regular '' pieces of legislation like the parliament acts of 1911 and 1945 , the european communities act 1972 , the human right act 1998 etc. 
  at first i mis-read the title as '' * meals * made from the chelyabinsk meteorite will be given to athletes at the sochi games '' and had thoughts of the athletes being forced to eat rock . 
   the reason he ca n't do a government bill is because the lib dems do n't want a referendum ( which is pretty ugly given that a referendum was in their manifesto ) . 
  there 's a difference between wanting a referendum per se , and wanting what was proposed in this bill . 
  one should be careful not to conflate the two things . 
  watching the debate on this in the lords a week or so ago i noted that there were members of that house ( from all three major parties and the crossbenches ) who also supported a referendum but did not support this bill . 
   however , if it gets on the statute books , which it should because most mps want it the merits/demerits of an unelected house of lords notwithstanding , the point of the house of lords is to act as a check on the house of commons , to revise legislation and , in some cases , to put a stop to it . 
   and most of the public want it again , the public wanting a referendum and wanting * this * bill are two different things . 
   then it does n't make any difference whether or not it started as a private members bill . 
  this is true , but ultimately an irrelevant point as we 're not talking about what happens once it 's on the statute books , we 're talking about its passage through parliament . 
  the only reason cameron has to reply on one of his backbenchers ' bills in the first place is because he lacks the political capital to produce a government bill on the issue . 
  a private members ' bill is a bill introduced into parliament by an mp that * is n't * a government minister . 
  there 's a [ good description on parliament 's website ] ( http://www.parliament.uk/about/how/laws/bills/private-members/ ), 
  if cameron wants this bill to go through , he should do it on government time and not use a private members bill . 
   tldr : whole system is flawed and nation leaders do n't have the b **** to change it . 
  adopting the aquis could be what is needed to address the issue . 
   the british are seriously complaining that they 're bad at languages ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  the quality of foreign language education in the uk is really poor , and has been for a long time . 
   the british national party was the ultimate trainwreck , people are strongly predicting they wo n't get any seats this year . 
  if you look at the polls released yesterday/today , the bnp are pretty much polling at 0-1 % nationally . 
  my prediction is that not only will they fail to win any seats this year , they 'll likely lose their deposits as well . 
   the slightest concession from the eu ( and we 'll get some token concession as usual ) will be hailed as a great victory ( two world wars , one world cup and an eu reform ) and now we do n't need a referendum !, 
  if any competences of the eu are extended then there * will * be a referendum . 
  that 's the law ( [ european union act 2011 ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2011/12/contents/enacted ) ) . 
  while parliament can not bind its successors , to get out of this requirement , parliament would have to pass an act explicitly repealing or ignoring the european union act 2011 for treaty ratification and that is something i ca n't see happening . 
  just because it 's a stereotype does n't mean there are n't elements of truth in it . 
  because it 's the first time that being an atheist has been accepted as being grounds for asylum . 
  who said anything about getting rid of property rights ? 
  my point is that it 's hardly an * unconditional * basic income if it 's conditional on finding a job , is it ? 
  jobseekers is conditional on looking for a job . 
  when the bbc were reporting on this , they played a clip of her in the background in black and white and slow motion . 
  it was quite amusing , if a little disheartening . 
   there is nothing to stop you starting a political party in britain that is affiliated to the epp well , the epp would have to accept the new party as a member first ... 
  it depends . 
  it would n't happen any time soon , but who know what will happen in , say , 40 years . 
  i think one would have to contrast with other regional identities , or with the rest of the angloshpere . 
  i doubt that spain would veto scotland remaining ( or re-joining ) the eu . 
  if scotland were to vote to secede from the united kingdom it would be on terms that the uk government would be fully accepting of . 
  catalonia is a completely different kettle of fish, 
  i agree . 
  and frankly , as a pirate , i find it very disconcerting that we 're being put into a bucket with the likes of marine le pen and nigel farage . 
  edit : ohhh . 
  it 's written by daniel hannan . 
  no wonder . 
   if the treaty for the creation of an eu constitution had gone through , there would be a lot less difference between the two . 
  it takes way longer than a half a decade to do that , though . 
   the prosperity of the people should be the most important goal of any state , not power . 
  we do n't need to be powerful , it does n't improve our lives , it just costs money that could be spent on the public good or lower taxes while i agree in general , sometimes being more powerful brings good things for a group without it making them more prosperous per se . 
  by being more powerful , the eu could exert more of an influence on international law , product and service standards , benefiting european people ( e.g. 
  protecting [ rights ] ( https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/european_convention_for_the_protection_of_human_rights_and_fundamental_freedoms ) that do n't necessarily exist in other places ) without directly making them `` prosperous '' . 
  i 'll be voting for the pirate party . 
  i 've been involved in helping to write the common european election programme ( a set of policies shared by those pirate parties who will be standing in the european parliament elections , including [ but not necessarily limited to ] the uk , germany , austria , sweden , italy and catalonia ) so it 'll definitely represent my own views . 
   i do n't agree with much of ukip 's other policies , but i will be voting ukip in europe because they 're the only party who support withdrawal as i do . 
  well , they 're not . 
  [ no2eu ] ( http://www.no2eu.com/ ) also support withdrawal . 
  why would you want to weaken the only body in the eu that has a direct democratic mandate ? 
  one thing that annoys me about the right-wing press ( and politicians ) in the uk when they rail against the ecthr is that they forget the uk `` wins '' * way * more cases than other european countries precisely because we have integrated the echhr into domestic law with the human rights act . 
  most cases against the uk government are either resolved by domestic courts or the ecthr refuses to hear the cases . 
  it 's also really hard to protest because it 's a `` voluntary '' thing done by the isps . 
  `` maintenance '' . 
  over the time of year with the most activations . 
   i would not be to sure about this . 
  in the last year , downratings had few effects on the markets . 
  mainly because the markets already expected that the ratings would be downgraded . 
  i 'm pretty sure the idea is to negotiate a new treaty and * then * have a referendum . 
  i think it is , at the very least it 's on freesat ( channel 204 ) . 
   nowaday , no one can `` own '' a part of the moon . 
  well , nobody can claim sovereignty over any part of the moon ( according to the outer space treaty ) , but that 's slightly different . 
  edit : having said that , though , there are a couple of esa members ( austria , belgium , netherlands ) that are parties to the moon treaty which does prohibit anybody from owning part of the moon , but they could withdraw from the treaty if they wanted to , it 's considered a ` failed treaty ' . 
  the eupl is explicitly compatible with gplv2 :  compatibility clause : if the licensee distributes and/or communicates derivative works or copies thereof based upon both the original work and another work licensed under a compatible licence , this distribution and/or communication can be done under the terms of this compatible licence . 
  for the sake of this clause , `` compatible licence '' refers to the licences listed in the appendix attached to this licence . 
  should the licensee 's obligations under the compatible licence conflict with his/her obligations under this licence , the obligations of the compatible licence shall prevail . 
  the appendix lists these licenses :  `` compatible licences '' according to article 5 eupl are :  - gnu general public license ( gnu gpl ) v. 2 - open software license ( osl ) v. 2.1 , v. 3.0 - common public license v. 1.0 - eclipse public license v. 1.0 - cecill v. 2.0 in addition , one can go to gplv3 by first relicensing under cecillv2 and then to gplv3 . 
  the european commission is also working on an updated version of the eupl ( version 1.2 ) which will include explicit compatibility with gplv3 , as well as lgpl and agpl and the mozilla public license and creative commons attribution-sharealike 3.0 . 
  english-language article here : http://www.europeanvoice.com/article/2013/december/advocate-general-says-data-retention-rules-breach-fundamental-rights/79078.aspx, 
  and the new rules will , mostly , just be codifying existing practice ... 
   he president of europe has been largely silent which president ? 
   do you have a source for this claim ? 
  [ article 50 of the treaty on european union ] ( https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/consolidated_version_of_the_treaty_on_european_union/title_vi:_final_provisions#article_50 ) :  1 . 
  any member state may decide to withdraw from the union in accordance with its own constitutional requirements . 
  a member state which decides to withdraw shall notify the european council of its intention . 
  in the light of the guidelines provided by the european council , the union shall negotiate and conclude an agreement with that state , setting out the arrangements for its withdrawal , taking account of the framework for its future relationship with the union . 
  that agreement shall be negotiated in accordance with article 218 ( 3 ) of the treaty on the functioning of the european union . 
  it shall be concluded on behalf of the union by the council , acting by a qualified majority , after obtaining the consent of the european parliament . 
  the treaties shall cease to apply to the state in question from the date of entry into force of the withdrawal agreement or , failing that , two years after the notification referred to in paragraph 2 , unless the european council , in agreement with the member state concerned , unanimously decides to extend this period . 
  for the purposes of paragraphs 2 and 3 , the member of the european council or of the council representing the withdrawing member state shall not participate in the discussions of the european council or council or in decisions concerning it . 
    a qualified majority shall be defined in accordance with article 238 ( 3 ) ( b ) of the treaty on the functioning of the european union . 
  if a state which has withdrawn from the union asks to rejoin , its request shall be subject to the procedure referred to in article 49 . 
  i 'm a brit , and i want the eu to ( slowly ) move towards a full-blown federation . 
  we do exist , you know ... 
   i mean , in this age of ryanair and all kinds of advanced logistics , is the island factor really all that relevant anymore ? 
  yes , very much so . 
  with the exceptions of northern ireland and gibraltar , there are no land borders with the rest of the eu . 
  europe is still very much `` over there '' , in the national conciousness , even if it is really easy to get to . 
   ( side note , economics is n't some game where economies try to win ) politics is , though , and guess who has control over the economic levers ... 
  well ( part of ) russia is in geographical europe ... 
  pdf.js has made me less hostile towards pdf file now,
