   this is why ukip and the anti-eu body of the conservative party do n't actually advocate for leaving the eu entirely . 
  they advocate leaving most of the eu but staying in the common market because they fuckin ' love free trade . 
  so , in other words , they want to have their cake and eat it too . 
  the social policy areas where the eu has competence are a logical extension of the internal market . 
  if we want companies to operate and trade across the whole of europe , it makes sense to have common standards instead of having to cope with 28 different sets of regulations . 
  that means having common regulations in the areas of health and safety , working conditions , union rights , equality of the sexes etc. 
  i think the problem is that ukipers and the anti-eu faction of the conservative party do n't like the fact that they 've lost the battles over the substance of ( * some * of ) the regulations the eu has and so want to take their ball and go home . 
  it 's easy to fall back on this rhetoric , but there are usually changes ( or at least opt-outs ) to the treaties when they were voted on a second time . 
  not the most subtle troll i 've seen , that 's for sure ... 
  i think it depends on how long the score is hidden , to be honest . 
  some subreddits take it way too far . 
   thank you for chiming in . 
  question : must one ` of ' be an ` or ' in the last sentence ? 
  something like : whoops , yes it should . 
  i transcribed the text to avoid the all captials approach of the original , which you can see linked above . 
   but somehow it also gives me an uneasy feeling since there is afaik no alternative to a constitution at a european level ( as in a contract between state and its people ) . 
  well the equivalent would be the treaties - the * treaty on european union * and the * treaty on the functioning of the european union * - however you 're right that it 's not a contract between the state ( although the eu is n't a state , it 's a supranational entity ) and the people ; it 's a contract between the 28 member states and the eu . 
   i 'm no expert but if there is a local law y that is challenged by a european law x then i suspect that european law wins . 
  with stuff at the constitution level it could be a different thing . 
  you 're correct that if eu law and national law are in conflict , then courts must set aside the national law so that the eu law can be implemented . 
  the same is true no matter what the source of the national law is , be it an act of parliament or a constitution . 
  to quote from [ an ecj judgment ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=celex:61970j0011:en:not ) :  the validity of measures adopted by the institutions of the community can only be judged in the light of community law . 
  the law stemming from the treaty , an independent source of law , can not because of its very nature be overridden by rules of national law , however framed , without being deprived of its character as community law and without the legal basis of the community itself being called in question . 
  therefore the validity of a community measure or its effect within a member state can not be affected by allegations that it runs counter to either fundamental rights as formulated by the constitution of that state of the principles of its constitutional structure . 
   the uk has no freedom of speech that 's not true . 
  we do n't have an * absolute * right to freedom of speech but we do have freedom of speech guaranteed by article 10 of the european convention on human rights , via the human rights act . 
  i 'm not sure what point you 're trying to make . 
  just because the eu does n't have a constitution does n't mean that adding such provisions to the hungarian constitution is n't illegal under eu law ... 
  not only that , but homosexuality is found abundantly in both nature and human history . 
   allowing too many freedoms that 's a strange concept ... 
  as i understand it , there 's more or less a consensus that there needs to be a treaty revision soon anyway , not least to resolve structural issues surrounding the eurozone . 
  as i understand it , this process will start some time in 2015 . 
  the spinelli group have been the first to set out their stall by publishing * a fundamental law of the european union * which sets out their vision of a new treaty creating a federal europe ( which is still pretty much a pipe dream to be perfectly honest ... and with a price tag of $ 35 the book is n't exactly accessible  _ < ) . 
  so , basically , whichever party wins the uk general election in 2015 will almost immediately face treaty negotiations , of course assuming none of the other countries holds things up . 
   how is the ec democratic ? 
  baroness ashton , a british commissioner within the ec , was never elected by a british or european electorate she was , however , approved by the european parliament , like the other commissioners . 
   lorded over by unelected and unaccountable institutions . 
  you mean like the house of lords or the civil service ? 
  there is definitely improvement needed to democracy in the eu , but do n't kid yourself that the uk is much more democratic . 
   i do not see how re-negotiation will actually change the minds of those who are going to vote to leave the same polls suggest that if there was a negotiation , treaty revision and cameron said we should stay in under the new terms that people would overwhelmingly vote to stay * in * by something like 52 % to 28 % . 
   things are slightly different in ` the dog and duck ' or on the top deck of the dusseldorf omnibus . 
  and that 's the problem . 
  despite the steady increase in its powers , the parliament 's elections have yet to generate any perceptible excitement beyond the notoriously congested brussels ring i think this is ( partly ) down to the media , who do n't ever seem to cover the european parliament except for the odd story or when the election is a month away . 
  for example , it 's just been conference season in the uk , where nearly every party has their big annual conference . 
  except for ukip ( surprise , populist liars !, 
  ) , the media attention was on which policies and strategies the parties were adopting for the 2015 general election , despite the european parliament elections being the next major election , and only ~ 7 months away . 
  until the media start seriously reporting on the european parliament , it 's no wonder why people do n't talk about european politics down the pub , and it 's no wonder that only 55 % of people ( in the uk ) even know that the european parliament is directly elected , let alone what their vote would mean !, 
  apparently only only 55 % of people in the uk think the eu parliament is elected , and 15 % have n't heard of it !, 
  ( [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb79/eb79_anx_en.pdf ) ), 
  yes , people have known that spying was going on , but even those derided as being tinfoil-hatters underestimated the sheer scale of the mass surveillance . 
   bureaucrats in brussels what 's the big difference between bureaucrats in brussels and bureaucrats in berlin , paris , madrid or ljubljana ? 
  if it contains investor-state dispute settlement or copyright/patent law , hopefully never . 
  ceta has a lot of stuff that was in the rejected acta treaty , so that sucks . 
   there is no chance that such a change will go through . 
  i 'm not sure what their angle is here because they know the uk will veto any move to remove the veto . 
  at least it 's starting the discussion . 
  i do n't think that anybody else has committed to what they want from the next treaty revision . 
  it provides an impetus for those who do n't want these sorts of plans to state what alternatives they have in mind . 
   yes , you have to do few years of practice and pass exam to be able to represent someone before court in poland is n't that the case in most countries ? 
   you have national elections soon ? 
  the next general election is in 2015  that 's the centre-right trying to win far-right votes or do they actually want to leave the echr ? 
  a bit from column a , a bit from column b. . . 
  you ca n't take house prices uk-wide and draw much of a conclusion , there is a lot of disparity between price rises around the country . 
  i expect that a lot ( perhaps even most ) of that 6.2 % is coming from london . 
  from the privacy not prism website :  first , our lawyers wrote to the government demanding that it accepts that its authorization practices have been unlawful and that it consult on a new , transparent set of laws for the future . 
  the government refused and invited us to submit a case to the investigatory powers tribunal . 
  but the tribunal is a creature of the very statutory regime which has failed and would not offer an effective remedy . 
  * it is unable to rule that the legislative regime breaches our privacy rights , it is conducted largely in secret and there is no right of appeal . 
  the european court of human rights has previously decided that this tribunal does not provide an effective remedy for privacy victims * . 
  so we will take our case directly to the european court of human rights . 
  it will decide whether the government 's surveillance activities and the existing legislation sufficiently protect the privacy of uk and eu internet users . 
   but seriously , who let the grumpy ones stay up so late ? 
  that would be all of the caffeine from the tea :d, 
  is n't this data from the 2011 census rather than a face-to-face survey ? 
   the eu today is not what our grandparents/parents voted to join . 
  what , exactly , do you think our grandparents voted to join ? 
   ideally for who ? 
  both the uk and the eu . 
  it 's mutually beneficial that we stay in the union . 
   elections should be held every 4 years instead of 5 . 
  would that really make a difference ? 
   and hitting a bbc reporter around the head with the party 's manifesto after being asked why all the stock photo models were white actually it was a channel 4 reporter , although the ukip mep did ask the reporter 's successor as the political editor of the bbc 's newsnight programme ( [ allegra stratton ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/allegra_stratton ) ) whether or not her mother called her a slut as a child . 
  the european parliament elections are only 8 months away ... 
   if catalonia becomes an independent country , should n't spain have to reapply as well ? 
  or it would still be spain ? 
  it would still be spain and it would still be bound by all of its treaty obligations . 
   also , how do you strip the european citizenship from the catalans once catalonia becomes independent ? 
  unless the spanish government makes the catalan citizenship incompatible with the spanish one , the eu would have a whole country controled by european citizens but not part of the european union by itself . 
  what ? 
  this is a question that has not been answered , yet . 
  perhaps if scotland votes to secede next year the commission will be forced to answer the question , but i suspect spain ( or indeed the uk ) is n't willing to formally ask them to do so before they absolutely have to . 
  are primaries really a good idea ? 
  euroscepticism often * is * populist . 
  good thins that come out of the eu are trumpeted as wins by national governments when laws are transcribed into national law , while failures only ever seem to stay with the eu . 
  the narrative is national parliaments good , eu bad . 
  the vast majority of euroscepticism is `` give powers back to the nation states '' or `` withdraw from the eu '' or even `` abolish the eu '' . 
  very , very rarely is the point `` reform the eu '' or `` reform eu policy '' . 
  the competence to produce such a law would have to be vested in the eu to allow it . 
  as it is at the moment , the uk has various opt-outs to justice and home affairs competencies . 
   so , if the british have a law , that allows spying on foreign nationals ( which they have ) , they comply with the echr .
