  that 's not true . 
  the commons is the supreme chamber ( as per the parliament acts that allow it to pass legislation without the lords ' consent ) and legislation can start in either chamber . 
  counties do n't have any constitutional role in the uk , though , unlike states . 
  it 'd be more like knowing the number of nations in the uk which * do * have constitutional roles, 
  i 'm still annoyed that channel 4 cancelled the original :(, 
  let 's take a look at the last 5 polls : survation ( 16-17 nov ) : remain 46 % , leave 27 % survation ( 9-11 nov ) : remain 50 % , leave 38 % icm ( 6-9 nov ) : remain 50 % , leave 35 % icm ( 30 oct-2nov ) : remain 49 % , leave 33 % yougov ( 28-29 oct ) : remain 52 % , leave 29 % that 's an average lead of 17 points , compared to a uk-wide average lead of just 2 points - and this is pretty much a low point for the remain side given polling for the last 18 months . 
   the only reason people think scotland is so pro-eu is because the snp ar well that and the opinion polling that repeatedly suggests that scots are pro-eu ... 
  indeed . 
  worth noting that they did vote in favour of pes having a candidate , they just abstained from choosing one . 
  ( [ source ] ( https://twitter.com/rcorbettmep/status/664864367754743808 ) ), 
  so this is the text of the amendment adopted by parliament :  the council decides by unanimity on a joint constituency in which lists are headed by each political family 's candidate for the post of president of the commission . 
  which would indicate that it would contribute to the overall parliamentary result , rather than that list deciding the presidency by itself . 
  after all , this is n't a treaty amendment , and the treaty lays down that the council must nominate a candidate ( taking in to account the results of the parliamentary election ) to parliament , and that parliament elects the potec . 
  however , just as parliament interpreted the current treaty provision to mean that the spitzenkandidat of the largest party in parliament has to get the first nomination from the council , i 'm sure they would interpret it to mean the winner of that list would have to get the first nomination . 
   they need to be directly televised on the main national channels , though , so your ordinary people can actually see them and be aware they are happening . 
  they were offered to all ebu members via eurovision . 
  blame the national broadcasters rather than the eu on this one . 
  it 'll be based on a transnational constituency that will elect more than one person , so fptp can be discounted on that basis . 
  it will probably end up being a closed party list . 
   yeah , i bring this up all the time in the uk too . 
  the eu is actually significantly more democratic than the uk itself , because it uses proportional representation and actually has a codified , powerful constitution ( and constitutional court ) . 
  it even has a bill of rights !, 
    so shockingly , i am pro-eu precisely because it is so democratic . 
  not something which makes much sense to people when i first mention it ... 
  i do too . 
  in the / r/ukpolitics [ version of this thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/3sg48m/next_european_commission_president_will_be/ ) the response i got was [ `` oh god he 's serious ... '' ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/3sg48m/next_european_commission_president_will_be/cwwx10c?context=1 ) and i was downvoted . 
  * sigh *, 
   i am confused about what this actually means in practice . 
  will there be direct voting for the president of the european comission or for the # 1 posts of each party ? 
  the latter sounds more like an open primary than an actual election . 
  neither . 
  the lead candidates will top their party 's list in the transnational constituency . 
  the results in that constituency will be used to decide the presidency , but other candidates will be elected ( and the losing lead candidates will become meps ), 
   the fourth largest eu parliamentary bloc got just 1 uk mep , and that was only because a rogue doppleganger party was allowed on the ballot which took votes from the winning party which meant a single lib dem mep got elected . 
  that 's not true - even if every single aife vote went to ukip then the lib dems still had enough votes to get the 10th seat ( with ~ 7k margin ) according to my calculations . 
   also he was one of the last positions that are not directly voted by the eu citizens but rather the member states ( i.e. 
  junker was chosen with the support of germany , luxembourg , holland , etc. 
  and opposed by the uk ) . 
  juncker was elected by the european parliament - the uk opposed because cameron thought that the council should decide who to nominate , not have it automatically being the spitzenkandidat from the party with the largest number of seats in parliament . 
  denmark 's flag is red and white . 
  we have a similar saying in britain , too : `` uk plc '', 
   however it would be nice for instance if the bbc was to run it as a channel in their public service remit with english subtitles . 
  somehow i think the daily mail would have even more of a hissy fit over that, 
  meps are n't the ones negotiating the treaty , though . 
  i think part of is that this is overwhelmingly an english-language forum and there are more stories/sources in english that cover the uk than cover other eu countries . 
  more than that , she 's a vice-president of the greens/efa group . 
   this is my second pun in a row on this sub , i might actually get banned . 
  down with / u/this _ sort_of_thing !, 
  it 's not the commission , it 's the governments of the member states pushing this crap . 
  in this case it 's the member state governments . 
  parliament did a good job in getting strong nn language in there last time round . 
  scfp is determined by the european council ( heads of state and governments ) , the council of the european union ( defence ministers ) and by the high representative ( who is chosen in a slightly different way to the rest of the commission , by the council ) . 
   to ` aid ' fellow members . 
  i 'm sure we 'll send some blankets , food and medicines . 
  `` if a member state is the victim of armed aggression on its territory , the other member states shall have towards it ** an obligation of aid and assistance by all the means in their power ** , in accordance with article 51 of the united nations charter . '', 
  ( emphasis mine ) it 's not article 5 by any stretch ( `` an attack one one is an attack on all '' ) but it is still quite a strong obligation . 
  what 's even more mind-boggling is that it was self-certification * with no enforcement mechanism * . 
   data storage is n't the only issue . 
  it will be interesting to see what this does to the microsoft case where the us government is trying to obtain data from ireland by way if the us courts . 
  this is what the gdpr is supposed to fix . 
  fines of 5 % of your worldwide annual turnover will sharpen the minds of board members . 
  it 's a perfectly [ cromulent ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/cromulent ) word, 
  they have far more members of the house of lords ( which will also have to agree to article 50 being triggered , or at least slow the process down by a year ) , and they 've been successful in blocking the government there before . 
  well eu defence cooperation is opt-in , so it would n't really be a problem, 
  her majesty elizabeth the second , by the grace of god of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , and of her other realms and territories queen , head of the commonwealth , defender of the faith, 
   different , but not too different ; in europe , in fact , there are nation-states . 
  i live on an island that has three non-state nations on it , which is ( currently ! ), 
  collectively , along with a 4th , a member of the eu . 
  the european parliament has proposed amendments to eu election law so that there would be a pan-eu list alongside national/regional constituency elections . 
  the spitzenkandidaten would stand in that pan-eu list . 
  they passed the proposals to the council in november 2015 , so there 's plenty of time for them to be adopted ahead of 2019 . 
  directives are n't the only form of eu law , there are also regulations which have direct effect ( i.e. 
  they do n't need to be transposed into domestic law ) . 
  the chain of decision making goes like this : 1 . 
  define ` market ' ; 2 . 
  identify dominant undertakings in that market ( if any ) ; 3 . 
  identify any abusive practices performed by the dominant undertakings . 
  it seems to be that the ec 's opinion is that browsers , search , and operating systems ( although perhaps separated into mobile/desktop ) are all separate markets . 
  likewise it seems that individual operating systems are n't individual markets - therefore the android and ios ecosystems are treated as one ` mobile os ' market . 
  given the market shares involved , and google 's control over android , it seems very reasonable that google is considered to be in a dominant position over the market even though apple is not . 
  apple has somewhere in the region of $ 230 billion in cash assets ... needless to say they are n't investing everything in to r&d . 
  not by * that * much , though, 
  `` team gb '' is just the short version of `` the great britain and northern ireland olympic team '', 
  this would mean that there would be european parliament elections in the uk between making an art . 
  50 notification and the withdrawal process starting . 
  i wonder how uk votes will effect the new potec , especially if the plans to have a pan-eu constituency where the spitzenkandidaten will stand are approved by the council . 
   if i recall correctly , the uk also changed its electoral laws to specify that , even in the case of a pm resigning , the parliament has to stay in power until the end of the term , regardless of its ability to form a new government . 
  not necessarily . 
  if parliament passes a motion of no confidence in the government and then fails to pass a motion of confidence within 14 days then there is an early general election . 
  parliament can also pass a motion calling for an early ge if that motion is passed with a 2/3rds majority . 
  eye witness testimony is notoriously unreliable . 
  he came out for remain in his podcast [ hello internet ] ( http://hellointernet.fm ), 
  only three articles of magna carta are still on the statute books :  i. 
  first , we have granted to god , and by this our present charter have confirmed , for us and our heirs for ever , that the church of england shall be free , and shall have all her whole rights and liberties inviolable . 
  we have granted also , and given to all the freemen of our realm , for us and our heirs for ever , these liberties under-written , to have and to hold to them and their heirs , of us and our heirs for ever . 
  the city of london shall have all the old liberties and customs [ which it hath been used to have ] . 
  moreover we will and grant , that all other cities , boroughs , towns , and the barons of the five ports , and all other ports , shall have all their liberties and free customs . 
  no freeman shall be taken or imprisoned , or be disseised of his freehold , or liberties , or free customs , or be outlawed , or exiled , or any other wise destroyed ; nor will we not pass upon him , nor condemn him , but by lawful judgment of his peers , or by the law of the land . 
  we will sell to no man , we will not deny or defer to any man either justice or right . 
  which as far as constitutionality goes , is n't very important .
