  also , it 's not theft however you look at it . 
  `` stealing '' is an emotive term which is why it 's used , but it 's simply inaccurate . 
   they steal it because they do n't want to pay - it 's that simple . 
  actually , if you look at the research in this area convenience is the main driving force behind piracy rather than price . 
  uk pirate here - what are your concerns about us ? 
   i wish the pirate party in the uk would get some seats . 
  we 're trying !, 
  sweden did in 2009 , germany got one ( julia reda ) in last year 's election . 
  at least ppis has birgitta jonsdottir at the helm ( no pun intended ) , she is incredibly down to earth . 
  well the first three in the list are pensions mis-selling , endowment mortgage fraud , the payment protection insurance scam - so saying that libor was different is irrelevant . 
  probably ( although it could also refer to the european council , or a combination of the two ) , but either way parliament did n't change at the end of 2014 . 
   the parliament changed right at the end of the year the * commission * changed at the end of the year , but the new parliament was elected in may and started , iirc , in early june . 
   finland is n't in nato it * is * in the eu though . 
  article 42 of the treaty on european union states :  if a member state is the victim of armed aggression on its territory , the other member states shall have towards it an obligation of aid and assistance by all the means in their power , in accordance with article 51 of the united nations charter . 
  this shall not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain member states . 
  so although an attack on finland would n't trigger an nato article 5-like response ( `` an armed attack against one [ ] shall be considered an attack against [ ] all '' ) , it would oblige eu member states that do n't have a stance of military neutrality to assist them . 
   to the best of my knowledge the constitution of bosnia is incompatible with the eu as members of religious communities have reserved spots in the government . 
  i thought this was overturned due to an echr ruling a few years back ? 
  a lot of the more persistent ukippers on / r/ukpolitics seem to worship powell . 
  there was a trend a while back - before they all changed reddit accounts - to put powell references in their flairs . 
   it is still law . 
  it 's almost certainly been [ impliedly repealed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/implied_repeal ) , even though it has n't been expressly repealed by parliament . 
  ... at the time of conception . 
   t-mobile ? 
  ze germans . 
  orange ? 
  ze french . 
  they merged their operations in the uk together a while ago ( to become everything everywhere , or ee ) . 
  bt have recently announced that they 're buying ee . 
  so in reality it 's a tripoly of vodafone , three and bt , excluding mvnos . 
  it was the member states ( including the ** uk government ** ) that did this - the commission and european parliament \\* want to get rid of roaming and protect net neutrality . 
  \\* except ukip meps - they just vote no ( or abstain ) on everything because , well , they want to make the eu worse because it means it 's easier to argue we should leave . 
  your national government - it 's the member states that made this decision , not the european parliament . 
  still , it 's worth contacting your meps to tell them you hate this and you want them to fight the council on it . 
  ( the same with net neutrality while you 're at it ! ), 
   the damned council again . 
  who can i call ? 
  who is my `` representative '' in the council ? 
  your national government , basically . 
  nuclear fuels are more energy dense than fossil fuels , though ; you need less uranium per unit of energy than , say , coal . 
  there has also been good progress on extracting uranium from dilute sources such as seawater ( which we 're not exactly short of ) . 
  there 's over 100 years ' worth of extractable uranium from terrestrial sources ( mining ) + what we can extract from seawater . 
   did you know the eu 's accounts have n't been audited for 19 years now ? 
  well i 'd be surprised if he did know that , [ considering it 's completely and utterly false ] ( https://fullfact.org/europe/did-auditors-sign-eu-budget/ ) . 
  brazil 's space agency is less than 1/50th the size of esa or roscosmos ( in terms of budgets , anyway ), 
  affirmative action is illegal . 
  that 's not what those questions on application forms are for . 
  you should n't be - and you should complain immediately if you 're asked this during an interview . 
  the question is put on application forms so that hr departments can detect if there is discrimination happening on a large scale ( or within specific departments ) and to track the diversity of the overall company . 
  but the people in charge of whether or not to hire you should n't be given the information . 
  that information is n't provided to hiring managers , so it does n't make a difference . 
  it was never required for * all * cookies . . those that are strictly necessary for the functioning of the website do not require permission ( the canonical example always given is that of a shopping basket on an e-commerce site ) . 
   if the european parliament was n't a toothless committee that might be a relevant point . 
  that has n't been true for almost a decade now . 
  the european parliament is a full co-legislator ( along with the council ) . 
  well the bbc is n't a state broadcaster , it has reported on cameron 's dad 's funds ( which were n't illegal ) and they definitely reported the pig story ... 
   what amuses me is that somebody faked this on the cheap . 
  it does n't have to be good , just good enough . 
  if a large proportion of the targets of your propaganda ca n't read the language the faked documents are in ( or at least ca n't read the language well enough to spot the mistakes ) then why bother spending lots of money on it ? 
   by `` form a government '' do you mean just like choosing the ministers and stuff ? 
  also so if a coalition looses power mid term you have to have new elections ? 
  in some systems it 's possible for a new coalition to be formed without fresh elections . 
  in the uk ( not exactly famous for coalition governments , but they do happen occasionally , and most recently 2010-2015 ) there are only two ways for a new election to happen : 1 . 
  if parliament passes a motion that there will be early elections ; and 2 . 
  if the government loses a vote of confidence , and there is n't another vote of confidence to reinstall it or install a new one within a small number of days ( offhand i think 12 ) . 
  they 've been ahead of the two governing parties combined for quite some time now, 
  [ nigel farage already tried to do that ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/may/11/nigel-farage-withdraws-resignation-as-ukip-leader ) , though i i suppose he was n't a sitting head of government at the time ( thankfully ! ), 
  the editor of s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung responded to the lack of u.s. individuals in the documents by saying `` just wait for what is coming next '', 
   so far the icelandic pm is the only western figure to be named ( at least by british media , from what i 've seen ) there 's a special episode of panorama tomorrow night , i wonder if they ( the bbc and the guardian ) have kept their powder dry for that . 
  apparently that was a mistranslation that got picked up by trigger-happy journalists . 
  early elections ? 
  i think i saw one of the pirates saying ( or at least re-tweeting somebody saying ) they 'll attempt a vote of no confidence . 
  it 's not just the graun and the bbc that deserve credit , there 's over 100 news organisations involved with this : https://panamapapers.icij.org/pages/reporting_partners/ there 's more than 2.5 tb of data and apparently the consortium has spent a year sifting through it . 
  this is * huge * . 
  the flag was created , adopted and used by the council of europe decades before the eu adopted it ( with the coe 's approval ) . 
  people from [ reading ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reading,_berkshire ) are called readingensians, 
  not to mention that mental health is not a binary state . 
  i suspect that targeting the metro caused more casualties than if they 'd gone for a single building of an international institution . 
   feels like they tried to force there hand early . 
  im not sure if this is a good thing . 
  i mean if they captured this guy they and they get the information they should go in hard an fast and shut down his friends . 
  forcing their hands may have led them to slip up - if they were rushing they could 've made mistakes and outed themselves . 
  i bet many of them were left handed ; should we also strip left-handed people of their rights ? 
  it 's a totally crazy idea . 
  if you have a problem with people who are n't breaking any laws then it suggests that the law should change . 
  change the law in accordance with democratic and constitutional ( and i 'm including human rights here ) provisions rather than going after them in secret via the more shady aspects of the police force and security services . 
  only people . 
   btw , because i see that spacenews got it consistently wrong in the article : 1.05 billion euros means 1 billion euro coins , for an amount of money it 's just `` euro '' . 
  not according to the european commission directorate-general for translation 's [ english style guide ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/translation/english/guidelines/documents/styleguide_english_dgt_en.pdf#page=47 ) :  like ` pound ' , ` dollar ' or any other currency name in english , the word ` euro ' is written in lower case with no initial capital . 
  where appropriate , it takes the plural ` s ' ( as does ` cent ' ) :   this book costs ten euros and fifty cents, 
   they made you vote again after you voted no , remember ? 
  after the eu gave ireland concessions . 
  they 're a ukip supporter, 
  from what i 've seen/heard the dominant feeling towards devolution is apathy - at least from the general population . 
  the more politically-aware acquaintances of mine seem to think it 's a bit of a stitch-up by central government and those in power seem to be all for it , although perhaps that 's just the company i keep . 
  they 've also brought more renewable energy online than the eu and the us put together , though . 
  clearly they need to bring their co2 emissions down , but it could be a lot worse . 
  that was a statutory instrument , not a bill . 
  they were invented after the passage of the parliament acts so they 're not covered . 
  if you see what 's happened with the eu referendum bill this week the commons overturned the lords ' amendments that allowed 16 and 17 year olds to vote , and then said that because the cost of the measure was so high that the provision now counts as a money provision , which the lords are n't allowed to overturn ( as per the parliament acts ) .
