  or at the very least , one that 's too weak to put him in the position of power that he now ( effectively ) has . 
  the only alternative would have been for the council to nominate somebody who * definitely * does n't have a mandate . 
   particularly when he 's likely to push for more conventional powers to be passed to him because of his supposed democratic mandate ... you can see why it makes me uncomfortable , even if you do n't agree ? 
  that ca n't happen , though . 
  for powers to be transferred there would have to be treaty change . 
  meaning unanimity amongst all 28 member states . 
  and if that included granting additional competencies to the eu , referendums in at least one member state if not more . 
   we definitely have an out of date mental model of the eu , at least in the uk . 
  we 've always approached it as a common market when it 's always been much more than that . 
  we should have been having this debate years ago , and i think at that point we would have left if we had been properly informed about the nature of the eu . 
  i agree that we should have had the debate sooner . 
  but i disagree that we would have left . 
  historically support for the eu has followed the economic cycle - during growth phases support has been higher than during recessions . 
   as to brown , i think there 's a couple of differences here , but i do think that he should have called an election . 
  brown did n't come into office claiming to have the popular vote behind him when a majority did n't know who he was . 
  he also was n't the first ever prime minister to claim to carry a democratic mandate . 
  but i do think that in the 21st century we do conventionally elect parties based on the leadership , and brown was a less legitimate pm than blair was . 
  i say that even though i basically liked him . 
  my point there was n't one about mandates or legitimacy , but one about ignorance of political process and the system of government . 
   it 's just poor information from the sources we have in the uk . 
  we would have left ages ago , but the political elite wanted to keep us in the dark about the direction the eu is heading in , because they wanted to keep the supposed economic benefits of membership of the eu without having the necessary constitutional debate . 
  the whole thing is a mess , everybody has behaved appallingly , from our own parliament to the european one . 
  domestic politicians also always love to use the eu as a scapegoat . 
  even when it 's thing they * they * have supported at eu level , it 's always been the european bogeymen making them do things they do n't want to do . 
  it 's frankly shambolic . 
  if more politicians and media spoke the truth about europe - both the positives and the negatives - we 'd all be in a much better place . 
  i think we would even have less euroscepticism . 
  a lot of the anti-eu rhetoric is just plain and simply false but nobody really challenges it . 
  i 'm pro-european , perhaps even leaning towards federalisation ( although i loathe to use the term now due to the baggage it has accrued ) and it * really * annoys me to see the fucktardary that * some * eurosceptics use . 
  it poisons the well for those that want to have a meaningful debate about the future of the union . 
   the fact that brits support cameron in opposing juncker , who specifically stated on terms that he opposed the spitzenkandidat system , is strongly indicative that brits oppose the spitzenkandidat system . 
  i disagree . 
  the media has been focusing on junker the individual for weeks . 
  the federalist ( which later turned into `` arch-federalist '' , amusingly enough ) that that cameron was battling against . 
  or focusing on a battle over whether the nominee should be somebody that was a push-over so cameron ( or whoever the next pm would be ) could squeeze as much as possible out of during a negotiation . 
  or focusing on how merkle apparently changed her mind and the rest of europe followed and cameron was the lone voice of reason . 
  with all of that coverage , asking somebody `` from what you have seen or heard , do you think david cameron has been right or wrong to oppose jean claude juncker ? '', 
  i 'm sure a lot of people would have come to the conclusion that he was right . 
   the fact that a majority of brits voted for political parties that , specifically stated that they were opposed to the spitzenkandidat system prior to the eu elections , is strongly indicative that brits are opposed to the system . 
  barely anybody even knew about the spitzenkandidaten system before the election . 
  you just have to look at how many mentions junker got in the media pre - and post-election to see that , so i fail to see how that translates in to a lack of support . 
   the fact that the labour party opposed schulz , then told schulz not to come to the uk to campaign , then did n't mention the spitzenkandidat system in their manifesto , then supported cameron in opposing juncker is likely to mean that labour voters are also against the spitzenkandidat system . 
  labour barely even mentioned the eu during their election campaign . 
  it does n't mean that they 're suddenly euroskeptic . 
  it just means they they thought they would have an easier time winning votes by talking about anything but the actual issues because , well , they 're incompetent and the best they can do is point out that the tories are even worse . 
  as for opposing junker , he 's the spitzenkandidat for another political party - of course they 're likely to oppose him . 
  you ca n't draw the conclusion that labour * voters * are against the spitzenkandidaten system from that , though . 
   the aecr poll , while not asking the exact question , is also indicative of the feelings of brits . 
  i completely disagree . 
  you can not draw that conclusion from that one question asked . 
   do you have any evidence to suggest that brits do support it ? 
  no , but i am not making the claim that brits do not support it . 
  if anything , i assume that they 're mostly ignorant and/or ambivalent about it , much like most things eu . 
   i think so too . 
  but i also think that we should have all been on the same page beforehand . 
  and while they did make a token effort , i really do n't think they did enough to put in the minds of the european people what the election meant there 's only so much you can do with media that just are n't interested in reporting the story , for whatever reason that may be . 
  most people have a mental model of the way the eu works that is 5/10/15 years out of date - certainly pre-lisbon - if they even know anything about how it works at all . 
  i 'm not entirely sure that the public even really know how westminster works to be honest , look at the controversy surrounding brown when he took office , there were complaints everywhere about how he was n't elected and it was all a sham when in reality we do n't vote for prime ministers , we vote for mps and the government is appointed by royal prerogative . 
   considering how it represented a significant transfer of power from the european council the parliament . 
  the transfer of power happened when the treaty of lisbon came in to force . 
  what was still in doubt was the specifics of the process . 
  perhaps some of the governments of member states underestimated the political will of parliament when they agreed to that provision , but that 's not in doubt any more . 
  most involved understood what it entailed , but some did n't . 
   i do n't oppose the process in principle , but it 's been done backwards . 
  it seems like a big deal to me , but others on this board seem to have a more casual approach . 
  i do n't think it 's that much of a big deal - the biggest part of the decision was made with the lisbon treaty . 
  if people were n't paying attention then , well , that 's not really the fault of parliament or the political parties . 
  they knew what was going on and stated so * very * clearly . 
   sorry , i 'm not sure how it addresses the point of ep votes being throwaways ? 
  while people tend not to vote for government parties , i do n't think the votes are as much `` throwaways '' as is made out . 
   so juncker does not at the very least , have the mandate he claims to have . 
  i do n't think it 's reasonable to deny . 
  i would probably go as far as to say that he does n't have a mandate as strong as he could have . 
  but he * does * have a mandate even if it 's a weak one . 
  nobody else really does . 
   indeed it could n't , but we should n't be pretending people have democratic mandates which they only have if you do n't look very closely at them . 
  i do n't think it 's healthy . 
  like i said , he does have a mandate . 
  a relatively weak one , but a mandate nonetheless . 
   yougov opinion polling indicates that most brits think cameron was right to oppose junker . 
  i 'm assuming you 're referring to [ this ] ( https://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/grx0nbowxn/internal_results_140701_juncker_cameron_europe_w.pdf ) poll , correct ? 
  it says nothing about the spitzenkandidaten system . 
   also , most brits voted for parties that did not participate in the spitzenkandidat system . 
  mainly because the tories ' aecr refused to nominate one . 
  ukip are n't even members of a europarty , so they could n't . 
  neither of those facts support your claim that the vast majority of people in the uk do n't want the spitzenkandidaten system . 
   also , this polling shows that most brits do not support the system . 
  http://www.aecr.eu/media/aecramr-european-election-poll.pdf the question asked as `` when choosing the next president of the commission what do you believe should be *** the most important criteria *** ? '', 
  ( emphasis mine ) . 
  that is not the same as asking whether the respondents support the system . 
   given that the vast majority of people in the uk do n't want the spitzenkandidat system [ citation needed ], 
  the eu is supranational - somewhere between a federation and a confederation . 
  in some areas it 's more federal than others , though . 
   it 's just a depressing insight into how the eu is treated in the uk . 
  while we may be an extreme case , it 's not at all isolated to the uk . 
  which , i guess , is even more depressing . 
   i thought you meant the council of ministers ( i think it 's just called council now ? ) . 
  the council of ministers is the informal name of the council of the european union . 
   i do n't think laws have to go through the european council , that 's the heads of government ? 
  correct , they go through the council of the european union .
