  visa recognition , state funding etc. 
  i do n't think he wants to make the point that esports has the physical necessities of recognized athletes . 
  cricket is a method of oppression towards the colonized countries . 
  that 's why it 's played on a large open field with instruments that look like farm tools . 
  if they were truly free they would do other sports , like martial arts where two free men fight in a steel cage for other people 's enjoyment . 
  exactly , the british only conquered the world to establish cricket . 
  it 's one of history 's biggest ironies . 
  bild does , because they want the exclusive scoop on which 25 year old model he marries next . 
  i think a fair amount of people were a bit upset with pep in germany because of his indirectly weakening of the national team by infecting l\u00f6w with his tactics , ie playing lahm as a midfielder or trying g\u00f6tze as a false 9 . 
  that , and following the heynckes season was nearly impossible anyway . 
  he has the disadvantage that noone is going to look at ronaldo and say `` oh , those are the eyes of a crybaby , '' suarez ' teeth on the other hand ... 
  oh pls no, 
  what 's your medication ? 
  but started playing really well in the wc after lahm moved back to right back and klose went up front . 
  and what do you mean ` started ' ? 
  they dominated stronger opposition in 2010 and only fell short to once-in-a-lifetime spain . 
  i 'm pretty sure actors have to be paid a certain amount according to sag , too , or am i wrong ? 
  add to that the screenwriter and producer credits and 2 million is n't all that much anymore i do n't think . 
  that makes sense , given the success of the movie . 
  i side with you , i also thought it was from that sub . 
  then you have n't seen the holy grail of reddit puns . 
  there 's still the whole cock thing, 
  probably has an asbestos shack in the favelas, 
  and fucked marilyn monroe, 
  / r/youtubehaiku ? 
  dude looks like hitler with a different haircut and moustache . 
   i know swabian are different than people ,, 
  i was disappointed after i saw this movie . 
  i thought this was more about spousal abuse . 
  amputees are n't my fetish * at all *, 
  why ca n't we go back to the good old days when people got offended at more reasonable things , like where black people sit on the bus or the length of womens ' sleeves . 
  she 's still like , would-cuddle-on-a-hungover-sunday-morning-with-breakfast-in-bed-watching-netflix-level . 
  i think `` messi '' is the word man\u00e9 says when he gets another motm-award . 
  the korean kind of karate . 
  i do n't know if i 've ever really seen anyone buy crates of bottled still water , usually it 's carbonated water . 
  it 's also easier to bring bottles to work where ca n't always go to the tap . 
  we 're just not trained to see through the bullshit . 
  we are pretty open i think , we 're just not very casual . 
  if you 're in a waiting room for example , strangers would be more likely to talk about the thing they 're about to experience , like doctor appointments and their medical history , or bullshit government papers they have to hand in rather than the weather or other unrelated things . 
  it 's just that most of the time we do n't have a shared experience we can connect over . 
   clubs have open, 
  still could n't shake that one though . 
  if you plan on going to a lot of different countries , consider getting an interrail ticket . 
  if you 're here a couple of days before christmas , check out the christmas markets . 
  there 's nothing quite as nice as being bundled up in wool scarves , burning your tongue and getting drunk on some scathing hot cup of punch . 
  it 's also the one opportunity in the year which lets you more easily strike up conversations with germans . 
  every small to average town has one of those and they 're generally equally nice . 
  avoid dresden on mondays and match days , unless you want to go and see football . 
  on that note , go see some football ( anywhere ) , tickets are cheap and it 's the most fun way to freeze to death in winter . 
  speak with your thickest australian accent , even if you wo n't be understood . 
  people will probably mistake you for american or british , and out of the three you 'll want to be australian . 
  that way you wo n't get asked about trump or the brexit . 
  you 'll probably meet a few people whose cousins/nephews/sisters went to australia after school for work and travel . 
  it 's a rite of passage for the kind of german that likes to post pictures on instagram with lame-ass quotes . 
  here 's a run down of how germans party : you meet at a friend 's place with your own beers and one ambitious friend brings shots . 
  you play drinking games and talk about previous times you played drinking games and talked . 
  you have a good time until someone brings up the fact that you planned to go party . 
  everyone packs up and wonders how they can bring their jackets and backpacks to the club or if they should leave them . 
  having a meteorologist in your group is a big advantage . 
  at this point , one in your group is already unbearably drunk , usually it 's either the prettiest girl or the guy whose opinions and jokes you do n't want to hear yelled in a crowded place . 
  on the way 33 % of your group need to and buy more beer for the road at a night shop . 
  it is vital that somehow everyone miraculously grabs a different brand . 
  on the way there you meet an old mystical lady who takes your empty bottles in exchange for poor life advice . 
  you arrive at the club , only to realize you did n't really need that jacket and that you 're too drunk to remember picking it up afterwards anyway . 
  you say a heartfelt goodbye to your jacket . 
  you learn about the club 's no-hoodie policy , so you say goodbye to that one too . 
  in the next 2 to 9 hours you will lose all your friends bar one . 
  you leave the club and the suns laughs mockingly at you . 
  you wonder where your friends are , so you call them one by one . 
  one has his phone turned off . 
  one says that she has n't even followed you lot to the club . 
  one has been in bed for at least 4 hours . 
  one is currently at a flea market with her husband and her two children and is very surprised that you called because you have n't seen each other since school and she thought you did n't take the break-up very well . 
  good on her . 
  you step on a bus or tram and fall asleep one or two stops later . 
  you wake up in a place you 've never seen before . 
  it 's very pretty here . 
  you should go here sober sometimes , but you wo n't . 
  the haze fades and you know your directions now , it 's two stops in the opposite direction . 
  you finally arrive at home . 
  you check your pockets and find around 34 $ in change and two receipts for d\u00f6ner and one for pita . 
  it 's really not that hard . 
  i can send you my grandma 's spezi recipe if you want . 
  it 's 50-50 cola and fanta . 
  i think so , the ones disney did n't get his hands on are still retold in their very grim ( pun intended ) versions . 
  read some wilhelm busch to them . 
  max & moritz is pretty fun in a dark but childish way . 
  beer is just the bread we consume between meals and not a drug . 
  my city had 90k people and there 's at least one club with people walking out at 12 pm on sunday . 
  you pour the cola , then you pour the fanta . 
  or the other way around . 
  you 're welcome . 
  yeah fuck avatar and all that shit . 
  if i 'm gon na buy a 4k tv the first things i 'm gon na watch are ron fricke films and bbc documentaries . 
  our dumbass cat lady just talks loudly when we 're not in the room like an old italian mother . 
  she 's got plenty to sell if she 's only a silver lining and wants to reach diamond . 
  [ disrespectful . 
   cnn, 
  no you just jerked off into the crowd and hit some disgruntled people on accident . 
  especially because they use it to justify her doing stuff that * brains ca n't do * .
