  seems like they have agreed to keep transfer sums fairly low between them . 
  or maybe at least trying it * for once *, 
  of course it 's a german that turns this thread about badass lions into a complete snoozefest, 
  wow , you managed to like the turd in an ice cream sundae, 
  so mma * will be * bigger than boxing ? 
  everyone knows it 's pinoy and pinay, 
  that 's why he said four knuckles deep . 
  if that was the entire length he 'd be balls deep . 
  juan is just a spanish name for ivan, 
  i know i know, 
  it 's argentina , because they 're the only team that has n't won shit in 25 years . 
  germany a-team or b-team ? 
  reminds me more of matt damon if you ask me, 
  he 's from fragbite , it 's not like he 's an official interviewer for pgl . 
  imagine how many shitty interviews you 'd get if anyone could walk into a champion 's league match and interview random soccer players . 
  i 'd buy a video of that on laserdisc, 
  yeah , they should have set up lan environments with a million viewers for 3 different isps a week each to stress test and then pick the best . 
  what an einstein you are, 
  do n't worry , they will in 2015 . 
  do n't know what year you 're in though . 
  yeah , but at what team is neymar actually close enough to injure messi himself ? 
  in germany it 's when you spend at least 120 days in a calendar year for 8 hours or more with a person with at least 8.5 times your income ** or ** 240 half days \u00e1 4-8 hours . 
  after four years you are entitled to an entourage certificate that obligates both parties to invite the other one to weddings , birthdays and bar mitzvahs as well as one trip to a tropical island of the richer person 's choosing per calendar year . 
  koch-job !, 
  koch-job !, 
  koch-job !, 
  to be fair , three of the five casters are british . 
  what are they supposed to be hyped about , lol, 
  does n't work on german keyboards . 
  germany is generally very picky about dual citizenship . 
  i think most turks have/had to decide between one or the other until recently . 
  there 's also no jus soli etc. 
  e : i think the best/only way for him to get dual citizenship would be serbia joining the eu . 
  obviously , just saying that posting a solution that simply does n't for work for most/many people makes them stupid or anything for not ` knowing ' it . 
  also , even if i change the keyboard layout , i still would n't know where the \u00d1 button is . 
  if you 've been jump glitching that position for months in countless scrims and matches i 'd bet it becomes second nature . 
  that was right after they had already legit boosted banana and traded damage . 
  then legija naded a spot he could n't see in the first place for a kill . 
  i do n't doubt general map strength at all . 
  gob has a good mind for cs . 
  if anything it will be the personal performances of nex and tabsen that will do big in . 
  since every shape is equal i would assume they both have the same surface area , which would mean that the square is lower in height than the circle is in diameter . 
  it 's ranked from top to bottom , showing the average ranks of the opponents . 
  big for example played the teams ranked # 2 , # 5 and # 1 . 
  ( 2 +5 +1 ) / 3 makes an average ranking of 2,7 per team . 
  the lower the number the better the teams were . 
  it 's really not that hard . 
  who produces topkek ? 
  because i think there 's a joke in there regarding this conversation, 
  get free infusion in hospital, 
  feel great the next day, 
  i highly doubt that . 
  if you watch their leipzig or copenhagen documentaries you 'll see they 're probably a bunch of super chill and positive dudes . 
  is that a metaphor ? 
  i ca n't tell, 
  bradolf pittler, 
  bonuitches ai n't shit, 
  by that logic we are free not to let him or his cronies hold political events here , but he still called us nazis for not allowing it . 
  he 's just a giant hypocritical turd at this point . 
  i ca n't think of anything right now , so please remind me which french dishes are actually popular ? 
  i mean pastries are obvious , as are baguettes etc. 
  but those are all baked goods and we germans have a hard-on for those as it is . 
  but typical french foods like escargot or tartar and other specialties are n't particularly hated but not really popular either , i think . 
  not sure why they named an anchovies and capers dish after holstein but other than that it looks like a restaurant an expat with pride in his cooking would open . 
  in general then i guess , did n't even know that was a thing . 
  anchovies and capers are n't really domestic here . 
  flammkuchen and the wurstsalat are both from alsace , which is basically german though . 
  and i 've hardly seen tartar being as prominent as specific italian or spanish dishes here , but maybe i 've been in the wrong cities . 
  this seems like good enough an explanation to me , i just wonder how the name itself became popular from one restaurant in berlin . 
  i love it too , but the only time i ate it was in paris . 
  really ? 
  do you mean at the meat counter ? 
  because i have n't seen it anywhere else ( and probably would n't eat it from anywhere else either ) . 
  yeah , i did n't mean to say that people here do n't like the food , i just think they do n't eat it as much as other national cuisines , which leads to the point you 're making . 
  he is clearly the mvp of this sub and as a german from behind the atlantic wall it stings a little, 
  the ones exempt from that however are politicians and diplomats . 
  using a political insult in the political sphere is always troublesome . 
  tell that to casey neistat for example . 
  dude is the biggest butterface in existence who is still held up by his physique and confidence . 
  if you think he 's a skinny nerd , what kinda physique do you think women are into ? 
  most of them do n't want to get railed by the hulk . 
  2a and 4a basically is just means that zeus wanted to defend/attack objective a with four players and his teammate wanted to do the same with two players . 
  really just a fairly minute dispute that apparently spiraled out of control . 
  and top magicians make more than 95 % of people on reddit , what 's your point, 
  and basketballers lure them into sports betting , candy producers lure them into unhealthy diets and oil magnates lure them into destroying the environment . 
  what else is new . 
  i still do n't know what your point is . 
  some people do professionally what others do recreationally and excel at it . 
  why be mad about it ? 
  good luck getting past bavaria boy m\u00fcller with a public persona that mainly consists of whining about your club and teammates . 
  gary lineker could play soccer and shit himself . 
  i can shit myself . 
  i 'm half as good as gary lineker . 
  in my european hubris i would also assume there 's a difference between making # 150,000 in china and making '' # 150,000 '' . 
  what numbers are you looking at ? 
  there are plenty of people that are n't aware that chelsea had some kinda decent spells before ruski cashski . 
  that 's the kinda price for the kinda player that you should just buy 30 league 2 strikers and see which one sticks . 
  you 're bound to find a diamond in the rough, 
  kein problem . 
  the music in that playlist is pretty much all major pop music you 'd hear on the radio .
