  by different you mean circumvent the rules other clubs adhere to ? 
  my friend , i think we two have a business meeting to have for our venture into the energy drink market, 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen a trailer for a movie i 'm definitely going to see with as much disinterest as i did the new star wars . 
  i think it was part not wanting to spoil the movie for myself , part being underwhelmed by the trailer and part star wars oversaturation . 
  a = 1 , b = 2 , c = 3 , etc. 
  just look at what bayern is doing in your career mode and copy that . 
  to be fair , judging from the angle he 's lucky he did n't manage to put more pressure on his arm , and instead distribute his weight more on his chest and face . 
  now it 's 20 years later and your name is the main character of every hip los angeles restaurant 's menu, 
  quick question : are you in college ? 
  if i remember correctly we did that some time in the last two years of high school but by that time math had lost me completely, 
  being part of a group called `` ny weiss sturm '' - cheaper than an a1 german class, 
  tosspot will always have my love for what he did for the enemy territory community . 
  ps : bring crossfire 2.0 back , the new layout sucks . 
  do we really have to explain to you another ten times why he exactly ca n't do that ? 
  thing is , doing what he wants to do is unlawful and not appropriate for germany . 
  trying 11 times is either ignorance of international trade law or disregard for it . 
  i do n't understand how he can be defended either way unless you want an either stupid or crooked president . 
  assuming that is true , how does he think germany has the power or the willingness to restructure existing eu law for his bilateral trade deal ? 
  we know he wants us to leave the eu behind , just like russia , because it 's another market that can potentially rival either country . 
  but asking that bluntly really is n't a sign of tactful president . 
  yeah , it 's sexists against racists in france . 
  all the misogynist liberals would vote for her if she was n't a woman , instead of one of the other three more or less liberal male frontrunners . 
  you ca n't be so thick that you believe that the only reason people would n't want to vote for her is her gender . 
  wait , my favorite wife-beater also * made music * ? 
  if you want a real used word , you 're probably best advised with `` realsatire . '', 
  it 's something that could pass as satire if it were n't true . 
  war in starcraft 2 ca . 
  nah , hitler was plenty evil and he thought he was helping his people by killing off lesser humans and gaining new living space for germans . 
  not so much selfishness as just utter immorality . 
  of course , but it was n't explicitly selfish either . 
  john did n't die for this, 
  george mcstarrtney, 
  #wahlplakate in paint malen, 
  i 'm not sure myself . 
  ` bl\u00e4tterchen ' is n't a real word . 
  you can probably guess , but it 's qpr , leeds and portsmouth . 
   antrittsbereit, 
  antifaschistisch, 
  the difference between germany ( and nl ) and france and america is also that you ca n't take one battle at a time . 
  in the primaries in the us they had to basically convince one third of republicans , and in the presidential election it was a few percent of undecideds . 
  in france , the hefty burden was getting into the second election , still only really beating out a complete leftist and a scandal-ridden fillon . 
  in germany there wo n't be a coalition with the afd and anyone else anytime soon , so they 'll have to push for 50 % of the entire population . 
  that is a herculean and impossible task . 
  like you do n't fucking know the answer to that , mate, 
  i did n't know french attendance numbers were so terrible . 
  i figured french soccer competes with other sports more than other countries but most of these teams are n't even close to full average capacity . 
  the badeteppich is always greener on the other side . 
  if you want to apply that saying to germany , the period between 1914 and 1953 would be a drunk samba . 
  i also prefer ` kaiser ', 
   front * national *, 
  seems right to me ? 
  we 're talking explicitly about governance here, 
  that 's what i 've been doing since naxxramas . 
  the game is much more enjoyable if it 's only about kripp being miserable . 
  bewildering ( self - ) perception, 
  then give one of the cl/el spots each to cup winners , so they 'll be relevant for teams to win . 
  i just binged 9 episodes of riverdale last night and i really do n't need any more of that . 
  my comment is unrelated to soccer , i just want to make it known that i 've grown to hate that show . 
  so many weird haircuts on that team , i was looking at the wrong players right until he scored . 
  for what it 's worth , i was only half paying attention because i was playing fifa at the time to update my knowledge on upcoming talents so i can tell everyone who will be better than messi in 5 years . 
   merlande, 
  su do , apt get die post !, 
  i think it 's the combination of drinking lots and lots of water and believing drinking lots and lots of water will help you . 
  wrong , noone talks about the dreamcast . 
  huh , why ? 
  it 's just a thing that is the way it is . 
  is n't it unfair for the fourth positioned team to not advance at all ? 
  everything is arbitrary , it 's just one more redemption match for the team that is going to lose millions if they get relegated . 
  i clicked the link before reading the rest of your comment and for a second i thought it was about dudes travelling the lands on their own and taking cool pictures showing their self-suffiency but what i got was a lot more depressing . 
  confirmed for french . 
  seriously though , you ca n't be serious . 
  i genuinely think there 's few ( male and female ) referees that are as universally respected by the audience ( that knows soccer ) than she is . 
  you 'll get your misogynists as you would anywhere else , but it 's not like she 's objectively drawing hate for her competence as a referee . 
  hey !, 
  seriously though , dresden fans can be very shitty . 
  the passion makes for great atmosphere , but unfortunately regularly goes over the top . 
  i 'm not entirely sure , but i think i 've seen a game with her in the third or second division and i do n't remember hearing any real abuse and i was usually always in the k-block . 
  was it her that demirbay insulted and had to referee a girls ' match as punishment ? 
  there 's a huge difference between ` going after beautiful women ' and reacting differently to women than men in a professional setting . 
  my local handball team has these sweeper girls that are sponsored by the local adult entertainment company so they walk around in short shorts and crop tops and i 've never seen any player even acknowledge them . 
  for regular people it 's really not that hard to focus on your job for an hour and a half . 
  first football has to give non-former football players a shot . 
  just remember how everyone is in awe about nagelsmann because he has never played upper league soccer and is young . 
  there 's so much bias towards former players that women are so far down the list of untapped potential it 's not even funny . 
  even though he did n't have his referee jersey ready , he still had the german uniform on hand . 
  what a man . 
  at least pedophiles do n't tell other pedophiles that their children are n't young enough . 
  or something . 
  i do n't know what i 'm getting at . 
  do n't beat yourself up over it , this time you can play the final match of the season, 
  ` remaining ' implies they never went away . 
  it 's a third division defense playing with a good second division offense . 
  5th place as a freshly advanced team is more than anyone had hoped for . 
  as far as i 've heard finances are in much better shape now than they were the last few years so i 'm hopeful that the annual selling of players will be less impactful . 
  scouting has been top notch , the problem is just keeping the players and forming a consistent core . 
  everyone seems to be happy at the club right now and for now my biggest hope is that we manage to keep gogia somehow . 
  but that 's like ... the polar opposite of this sub . 
  exceeding brilliance paired with humor paired with overarching self-awareness ? 
  rashford v harrop . 
  rashford confirmed for huddersfield loan because ` he does n't fit the playstyle ',
