  the famous bayern m\u00fcnchen - m\u00f6nchengladbach - as monaco rivalry . 
  i do n't know what you 're getting at , paris does n't have two first division clubs either , and berlin is bigger than madrid , barcelona and paris . 
  you can consider it a rivalry , albeit a fresh one and with a bit of good will . 
  a derby , not so much . 
  pedro looks like one of those images where they blend 100s of faces together to create an average person . 
  bayern m\u00fcnchen is actually from munich , you mistook m\u00f6nchengladbach for a team from munich and monaco is the italian name for munich ( as well as the city state ) . 
  i 'm starting to come to terms with the fact that the entirety of fifa is so fucking rotten that it might be for the best to keep blatter around only to take down the entire institution with him . 
  at least the brazilian team will attend , and franck ribery . 
  with all the money they 've put in this , i can understand that they 're waiting to see how everything turns out . 
  it just so happens that the situation gets worse and worse with every passing month , particularly with blatter himself . 
  someone take a shit in your fedora or what, 
  everyone knows it 's `` outer backside '', 
  what about kurt zouma or any of the seemingly hundreds of youth players you guys have ? 
  none of them pl ready ? 
  i hate the fact that you ca n't google any yugoslavian name without `` srebrenica '' being a suggested search term . 
  so you 're saying he has to transfer back to fk srem to be good again ? 
  not sarcastic , just do n't follow the pl much outside of reddit . 
  did n't even realize that zouma and ivanovic do n't play the same position . 
  that 's why i was asking a question and not making a wild assumption . 
  zouma has been handled as one of the top talents at cb for a while and i was wondering how he 's holding up in a league i do n't follow . 
  as far as the confusion with positions goes , i remembered ivanovic playing cb in the el final two years ago and that confused me for a second . 
  and my interest in chelsea youth players stems from the slew of players hamburg bought and got on loan a couple of years back when arnesen was hired by them and then used his connections at chelsea . 
  to be clear : the very reason i was `` discussing '' something on here is because i do n't have the time to watch every fucking league and / r/soccer is my way to catch up easily and quickly with the world of soccer at large . 
  of course i could go back and watch all 709 minutes of zouma playing this season , or i could just ask someone on here who already has and who can give me a concise summation . 
  the thing is that it 's not a `` classic . '', 
  except for a short period in the mid '90s to early ' 00s and the past couple of years these two teams were never real rivals ( i do n't really think they are now either ) . 
  you could call it `` das spitzenspiel '' if you want to give it a german name . 
  `` der klassiker , '' historically speaking , would be bayern m\u00fcnchen against borussia m\u00f6nchengladbach if anything , since they actually managed to go up against bayern for more than 3 years at a time . 
  same goes for `` die mannschaft . '', 
  i have n't even heard the term used internationally ( or domestically ) before preparations for wc 2014 began , now it 's suddenly everywhere on the sidelines of international friendlies all the time . 
  it 's clearly a branding product . 
  it would n't be so bad if it was n't as obviously derivative of names like `` selecao '' etc. 
  or if it were a name germans actually use , like `` die nationalelf '' or simply , and probably more marketable , `` die elf '' ( although that might sound like a lord of the rings quote , it 's still better than man shaft ) . 
  everyone knows bayern went downhill when hargreaves left . 
  jesus christ , will you stop ? 
  let 's just talk about the war instead . 
  so what you 're saying is that hamburg is the funnest team in the bundesliga ? 
  a placeholder until my local 4th division club gets added to the crest database . 
  so far i feel like the passing ai has gone to shit completely . 
  so many obvious chances missed because players did n't pass where i was sure i 'd told them to , or they only tipped the ball while uncontested . 
  15 felt a lot more responsive in the regard . 
  i do n't even know what the switzerland argument is supposed to say ; `` guns are n't the problem , we americans are just retarded '' !, 
  is n't that the underlying but more or less unspoken belief held by a fair number conservative gun proponents ? 
  `` the black communities are out of control '' ? 
  i pledged in a german fraternity for a year and as far as i know , if all participating parties consent , this would be legal , but it still never remotely happened . 
  we drank beer and sang songs and hit each other over the head with sharp blades , but i 've never heard of having to eat out a prostitute . 
  got ta honor them traditions, 
  although i 'd sit on her . 
  or she on me , i 'm not picky like that . 
  the negative effects of bacon being super fucking delicious, 
  maybe op should n't respond at all and instead put his woman first ? 
  because if he slips someone more intellegent might come along and snatch her up ? 
  bimbo is the no-go word for black people/slaves in germany . 
  who cares , if lavezzi can hold a job , so can he . 
  just google his name and your preferred word for female genitalia . 
   greenland - the main reason is it is to cold to play outdoors in greenland for a vast majority of the year . 
  you also need 11 people to field a team . 
  titte in german . 
  let 's thank our ancestors for making the most important words universal . 
  to be fair , they are french . 
  party catalysts, 
  his mother is two of those though, 
  * meow *, 
   also formerly in minnie driver and winona ryder . 
  dude seems to be obsessed with modes of transportation . 
  talking about jokes , one thing i 've learned about conversations is that you do n't have to be afraid to be cheeky from time to time . 
  i 've always been trying to play it safe , but since i 've started working on a hotel i realized a lot more people have a better sense of humor than they let on at first . 
  most of it just comes from me being utterly bored by giving the same introduction to the hotel 10 times a day , but even saying seemingly somewhat rude things with a smile can ease the tension . 
  however , do n't try to turn a one-time zinger into an inside joke between you and someone you just met , it just comes off as off-putting and needy . 
  i 'm happy for you and all , but you 'll have to explain how you managed to turn from asian to caucasian . 
  the two friends that i have say you 're wrong too . 
  yes , it 's called notary . 
  yellow rain, 
  retarded or not , you must at least have really fat fingers . 
  i always get the worst shits when i 'm abroad . 
  went on a school trip to england at around fifteen , took a shit so smelly the host family would n't speak to me for the rest of the week . 
  one or two years later we went to paris and on a nightly trip around the city i proudly and drunkenly ruined a public toilet near montmatre exclaiming it a revenge for the war . 
  then on a two week graduation trip to america the family i was staying at were kind enough to give me my own bathroom which i clogged on the second day , meaning i had to piss in the shower for the rest of the stay ( did n't have to , but the atlantic is big enough that i 'd never have to see them again and they kinda had it coming for sending their daughter to liberty college ) . 
  i do my best but you can only be expected to be so nice when you 're german and sent to england and france of all places . 
  russians can feel lucky i have no intentions to ever visit that place . 
  that 's why i live with my mom . 
  my penis looks huge compared to hers . 
  you sound like heterosexual stefan . 
  oh i 've been there , but the problem was that i always get touchy feely when i 'm drunk and all of my friends were emotionally repressed when sober . 
  so i had to let them know that i like my friends when we were all drunk so i 'm sure i 've given off a gay vibe every now and then . 
  but now i have started smoking and bought a leather jacket so i 'm cool king of the mans . 
  what sets it apart from many other shows of every genre or medium is that it 's at heart a serious story with characters that have a sense of humor without being comedic characters ( bar ed i guess ) . 
  guardians of the galaxy and firefly also did that really well . 
  this meant that the filler episodes anime always have could be light hearted and fun while it could still hit all the story points without those feeling out of place . 
  there 's also this role reversal going on with the toughest looking dude getting the fewest action scenes while being the responsible one . 
  i think the biggest strength of cowboy bebop is that it touches on all sorts of stereotypes without reveling in one . 
  it 's not just a villain of the week show , it 's not just a space western , it 's not just cyberpunk , it 's not just a comedy , it 's a bit of everything not a bit lesser for it . 
  absolutely , and having typical cyberpunk music ( industrial/trance ) would 've helped pushed it into a stereotype even more . 
  it feels like every creative decision was made to force the show * out * of a niche they ran it into , when lesser shows would 've kept going . 
  just like when the story gets a bit dark ( after jet 's time-line iirc ) , ed happens . 
  i do n't like the way she 's kept in a cage either . 
  i would 've preferred to have her jump around vantage points on mb following you like she does on the battlefield . 
  i get that she 's staying caged up to show her willingness to cooperate but then you ca n't have her obviously jump into the helicopter every time you leave . 
  i also would n't have minded her costume as much if the game was a bit more aware of its convoluted b-movie plot and tried less to come off as this huge self important saga . 
  i like the game , the mechanics are brilliant , and i like that there 's enough to do to get your money 's worth .
