   how much the reproductive parts themselves affect who we are as people , i do n't agree . 
  bearing in mind the connection between hormones and reproductive organs , [ it does n't seem like science professionals agree with you , though . 
  ] ( https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-athletes-way/201310/testosterone-fuels-both-competition-and-protectiveness ), 
   does not mean all people with the same parts will find it as important or will act the same way because of it . 
  not entirely and universally obviously . 
  but as i have mentioned in the previous annotation , the two are clearly linked . 
  but again , not the point we 're talking about . 
   there is n't just a male and female body . 
  the original point was that biological sexes are pretty clearly defined by , mostly , the reproductive organs . 
  no , not really . 
  germany has a long long history of humoristic or satirical disobedience/criticism . 
  kabarett , our equivalent of the stand-up circle in terms of size and cultural penetration is almost exclusively political and punches in every direction . 
  karneval has parades that always involve [ very un-pc trucks ] ( https://i.imgur.com/tap2caz.jpg ) . 
  this entire thing is blown way out of proportion because erdogan is a man with a feeble ego who strives for a totalitarian islamic regime . 
  he got upset about a satirical song which is totally within the law and ordered to see the german ambassador . 
  that is what spawned that ordeal in the media in the first place ( in a ` how dare he ' fashion ) . 
  the comedian in question took this opportunity to show what * would * actually be illegal , so everyone just ignored the context and created the outrage that we have to deal with now . 
  but he doesnt have red hair at all, 
  the robot ? 
  i stumbled across ballet on tv a week ago , and out of curiosity i checked to see what the dancers make , because it 's well known by now that outside of their dream of dancing their lives are fairly stripped down . 
  regular dancers from the paris opera make 2,6 k $ a month . 
  that 's really not that much in a city like paris , when you 're already part of the best paid ensemble in the world . 
  now 12m $ a year is n't enough because of all the sacrifices ? 
  suck a fat one , sandro . 
   went from a completely backwards nation of serfs to the worlds second biggest power in 40 years, 
  a country of serfs yeah . 
  ask the people of siberia or ukraine about how great the soviet union was for them . 
  you seem to willingly be ignorant of the millions and millions of casualties that were necessary to achieve any progress that was made during that time . 
  how many people watch their games ? 
  how much ad money does their team recognition warrant ? 
  how much money do they make at the gates ? 
  why do you want to go full professional in a job that that does n't provide a living ? 
  i do n't get paid for my hobbies either . 
  you do n't need to or deserve to get paid for everything when you do n't create much of worth . 
  i 'm not only talking about the holodomor , i 'm talking about the entire soviet famine . 
  the general consensus on that is a lot less divided . 
  and how is it hypocritical ? 
  am i making unregulated capitalism responsible for the suffering of chinese factory workers ? 
  of course . 
  or capitalist interests for their intervention southern american politics . 
  there 's plenty i hold capitalism responsible for . 
  do people really perceive scottish lower-league players as well-paid ? 
  i live in a city with a top 3 4th division club in germany and i was surprised they even buy and sell players . 
  so you 're saying poc does n't mean anything anymore ? 
  he 's not travelling like a poor person after all , he is merely pretending !, 
  gotcha everybody !, 
  to be fair , he 's lived in all ( ? ), 
  of those cities , been to all of those games and is emotionally and personally tied to them . 
  very different from someone who has n't even been to the continent . 
  and the thought that the millions you earn each year ca n't buy you the safety you were used to just a couple of years ago . 
  or were dynamo fans ? 
   girls ' generation - lion heart, 
  make up your mind !, 
  really does sound like a foreigner trying too hard . 
  [ more like melk . 
  ] ( http://de.forvo.com/word/m%c3%a6lk/ ), 
  [ more like synner . 
  ] ( http://de.forvo.com/word/synder/#da ) the - en just means ` the ' . 
  `` tired of sucking cock or why did you cancel the date with your john you homo ? '', 
  der landet in der m\u00fclltonne . 
  that little turd is dutch though . 
  and then he goes home , eats his salad and tuna and goes bed . 
  and that godawful space oddity cover . 
  that 's what happened to michael jackson and he turned out perfectly fine . 
  a true ground and pound . 
  he 's like a more grounded shia thebeef . 
  katie hopkins ? 
  i think there 's some sort of bell curve involved . 
  i basically got through high school on 6 hours of sleep a night , now i feel dumb and slow with less than 7 , but my mother 's operational at 5-6 . 
  maybe she 's just unhealthy and going to die soon , who knows . 
  but then they 'll eat each other and only the strong will survive . 
  anyone who spent a little amount of time with video games understands that players see the games in numbers and cause and effect situations like the matrix after a while anyway . 
  games are as much an introduction to physical violence as chess is to feudal warfare . 
  sort of what happened in germany with the weimar republic . 
  eventually the lack of democratic safeguards gave the nsdap the opportunity to rise to power . 
  that 's what these leagues are ... players in these leagues are essentially employees of the leagues distributed to their franchises . 
  your question is dumb . 
  now you need to explain what benefits a governing body would have at this point in time . 
  i find that if it 's 4-13 or so , it 's much easier to acknowledge the game is lost , buy a scout and just fuck about without feeling bad . 
  no that 's emily blunt . 
  you 're getting your british actresses mixed up . 
  `` while i did n't expect a realistic depiction of the spanish inquisition , the movie lost me on the 12th 300 ft. leap into a haystack . 
  the sound of a screaming eagle will forever be burned into my memory . '', 
  e : if only all y' all would be as good at identifying identical comments as you are at identifying bird noises . 
  so you 're saying i 'm totally good at fucking porn stars , i get it . 
  i never knew the national bird of the us was this laughable . 
  jay underwood is just waiting for his fucking pay day . 
  he 'll never retire . 
  he 'll move to a new club every year , play for two weeks , realize he still got it and get bored . 
  or turtlenecks or scarves or literally anything that you can wrap about other things . 
  you ca n't support fizzly sugar waters , mate . 
  and bremen the bundesliga . 
  there 's always the * altherrenliga * . 
  anything as long as it 's not fanta rostock or sinalco dresden . 
   thunderbolt and lightning ,, 
  very , very frightening me . 
  how about you go suck a fuck ? 
  there 's a manchester in america though . 
  it 's next to chelsea . 
  i 'm challenged on multiple levels by my sheer existence every day of the week .
