   loves actual retelling of already existing film, 
  tell her you love her . 
  then leave the country for three months , come back for five days and then move to the uk . 
  then you hope that there are complications so you have to move back to the old country . 
  make sure she does n't remember that all this happened once already , so you can see her on the first day you 're back because you fucked it up the first time you fucking turd . 
  in casual german conversation it 's generally split between `` bayern/hamburg/dortmund has scored '' and `` the bavarians/hamburgers/dortmunders have scored . '', 
  my friend sigmund wants me to ask you if you had any traumatic experiences from age 2-3 ? 
  it also keeps the capitalist pigs away . 
  i 'm sure you at least think of them as more premium than other airlines that offer the same services . 
  quite a few people are convinced that unicef was just a stunt to ease fans into the sight of shirt sponsors , i.e. 
  unicef ( charity ) -  qatar foundation ( charity ) -  qatar airways ( business ), 
  yeah , they do n't bank on you going `` i 'll save up so i can fly emirates once , eventually '' but rather `` i just got a raise , might as well fly emirates instead of klm now . '', 
  that 's kinda what i mean . 
  you fly emirates because it 's clearly better , even though you do n't quite know why . 
  must be a blessing in disguise for him to be able to see three shaky nt candidates outside of germany on a single weekend . 
  he should be more like beckenbauer . 
  make millions selling world cups to oil tycoons and then fuck your girlfriend at the fc bayern christmas party because he 's a god and he fucking earned it . 
  just did some math and it would actually take around 1 % of the gdp to outbid qatar airways at the moment . 
  still pretty sad . 
  we 're all just here to talk shit and downvote u/tucheltrainergott . 
  yeah , i read something about $ 90m p/a from qa , and nk 's gdp is ~ $ 1,2 b. 
  yeah , but you 'll never carry 23 players through 3 international competitions . 
  the important thing is to have a set core of players . 
  swapping in an in-form players can always be benificial in the short term . 
  i just quickly googled last night and saw an article about a $ 90m renewal somewhere . 
  one of the few german bayern fans in this sub . 
  you 'd like that , deniz . 
  a watchful protector . 
  you seem to be more in the know than me on this one . 
  i think it was espnfc anyway , so it probably does n't hold much water . 
  i like the girl from ops picture , also in other videos . 
  she always has an attitude and a bit of a dirty mouth on her . 
  everyone knows what he means and it 's easier than `` people from the former soviet union and its temporary satellite states . '', 
   `` he '' had a beautiful baby girl a year later . 
  why is alluding to it bad ? 
  i agree with that article , to me `` autistic person '' makes it sound way more like only a single facet of a person , while `` person with autism '' will always push the autism in the foreground . 
  i 'd rather talk about my hilarious , athletic , ambitious , and autistic , friend , than my friend with hilarity , athleticism , ambition , and autism . 
  there surely has to be an abridged version like there is for dragonball z. i 'd consider that , but certainly not the full show . 
  i can understand not wanting to use `` colored people '' for historical reasons . 
  i do n't quite understand why all people that are not white need a blanket term though . 
  that thinking is so america-centric and patronizing in my opinion . 
  since when was slovakia part of yugoslavia ? 
  everyone knows asians are cheap . 
  that 's why old men travel to thailand to fuck . 
  i feel your pain . 
  i was hungry on a trip to america and went to taco bell instead of seeing obama speak at u of michigan in ' 08 . 
  i am so embarrassed about it it 's the first time i 've mentioned it in 7 years . 
  i do n't remember seeing an american in any german show , much less a stereotyped one . 
  it 's probably more from obesity statistics in the news and the food culture that does make it across the pond . 
  well , the difference is that in those other countries you 're more likely to drink if you 're poor , while in australia you have to be rich . 
  thank god my dick is wider than it is long so this can never happen to me !, 
  maybe khr will even pick up the phone then to laugh at them in person . 
  why you have to be mad, 
  is noone else curious as to how a hairline can be ` open ' ? 
  this sub knows everything about handling balls though, 
  because wenger always rated him and he could n't do it in a cold night in stoke, 
  that explains why tyrion lannister is cool as fuck though . 
  i see you 're looking for a job , and i think i can help you with that . 
  i run a water park in germany , in alt-braunfels , bayern to be precise , called titterbahn . 
  we are in dire need of qualified titty inspector and you might be perfect for the job , as the recent surge of refugees has filed the work force with people religiously opposed to inspecting strangers ' titties . 
  please hand in a curriculum titae and we can get it all sorted out . 
  it used to be the hall of moderately known because they never expected someone to actually achieve that much . 
  you mean the club that makes me go `` sure she won a few oscars , but sainthood , really ? '', 
  with a squad like that all you need is a glorified hype man like klinsmann was/is . 
  some of his l\u00f6w 's tactical decisions i still find questionable at best , most of all his playing lahm as a midfielder with no rb backup . 
  he 'll go to some fa that gets prestigious coaches without achieving much , like russia . 
  i was at the pub yesterday and realized for the first time that my face is like 40 % forehead . 
  i just do n't know what to do about it at this point, 
  i went through this too with my roommate a couple of years ago . 
  got heavily invested in filipino basketball . 
  go rain or shine elasto painters !, 
  shit ? 
  you 're the low-keyest of relocation managers . 
  just shoot a couple of kids then , it 's easier . 
   have n't had sex since january lads, 
  you 'd think a united supporter would understand . 
  those memes are not stupid . 
  [ looks familiar . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whusgbmp4gw ), 
  i hope you 're buying embolo for that basel love . 
  i always thought to myself that i 'd maybe try coke once if given the opportunity , but after seeing this i 'll stick with coke zero . 
  it 's a starcraft event , she owned a starcraft team , she hosted starcraft tournaments . 
  eventually she had as much merit within the starcraft community as totalbiscuit , and it 's ought to obvious to anyone working at blizzard at this point . 
  came out at about the same time , but it 's just about as good as captain tsubasa . 
  i do n't think there are many german boys my age that did not wait for the kickers to finally beat the red devils . 
  we had both , too , but i think kickers had a better localization so it was more popular due to that . 
  eeeeeeh , not if you 're used to lahm . 
  not saying it 's sexism , just arguing the point that people around more famous people are identified by their relations , when in fact in the starcraft world they had similar standing . 
  when brad pitt and angelina jolie got together , neither of them suddenly became known as `` each other 's spouse . '', 
  purple rain, 
  the kill streaks that build got were historic . 
  i 've never been a big fan of big lettering on clothes but i think i found the reason they exist . 
  the watch is a good start to break the monotony of the outfit but you could use some more accents . 
  the shirt just makes it seem like you 've been in a hurry in the bathroom . 
  if you wanted to split the colors you could have used a dark belt at least . 
  those are 5 textures , 5 colors , 5 patterns mixed into one outfit . 
  that 's why too much in my opinion . 
  the lack of contrast between the shirt and the jacket does n't help either . 
  noone has talked about drum n bass since 2006, 
  you would n't expect video game journalists to be that invested in video games though .
