  the season after though i was swimming in dough . 
  i had a bayern save where lewandowski said he was homesick at bayern , and then he moved to manchester . 
  well , now that i think about , it 's a bad example . 
  widerw\u00e6rtig !, 
  today vocaroo , tomorrow scarjo in ` her ' . 
  the dfb-pokal only had vw patches on the sleeves , and i do n't see any info on whether ergo will have any jersey sponsoring . 
  even the hermes-patches on the bundesliga jerseys will be removed next year . 
  like hitler , just with drax instead of hit, 
  am i the only one reminded of this dude : https://youtu.be/hopefgwapcm ? 
  because it 's all ufc gets criticized for , except it 's true and less regulated . 
  while you 're there , can you please warn the japanese about the tsunami that 's going to hit them in 2011 ? 
  and just to spite all his team mates he decides to play until he 's 55 . 
  what a cunt . 
  i have bike with a playing card glued to wheel to make motorcycle sounds . 
  i 'm playing dresden right now , too , but i play at a lower difficulty because i usually play after i get home from night shift , tired as hell with youtube videos playing on the tv . 
  i 'm in 2022/23 now with almost only ya players or players bought at around 20 y/o . 
  the only real players left are brandt , embolo , henrichs and pogba , all four of which i 'm planning to sell because i have other good players lined up . 
  selling those would put my average age below 20 . 
  my cm korean ya player is currently throwing a hissy-fit because he thinks he 's too good for a back-to-back cl winning squad , so i might have to hold on to pogba for a little while longer . 
  the overabundance of good brazilian youth players is breaking the immersion a bit right now though , but i still have a world class german st , cam , and cb player . 
  i 'm considering buying back the german cb i sold to real for 80.5 m $ just to upgrade the last lackluster position . 
  in the same vein , galdames for cm and alexis vega at st have played very well for me . 
  is n't kroos the last gdr-born player in the national squad ? 
  ( unrelated to your statement ), 
  but the girls play too , now !, 
  just call them best man and ... 
  bridesmaid ? 
  then call it the ballon d'argent ffs, 
  do n't have to because there 's men 's and women 's world cups do n't ever fall on the same year . 
  the 2018 fifa world cup can only mean the men 's , etc. 
  that they call it the women 's world cup is the real absurdity . 
  also , that previous comment was in jest , if you missed that . 
  unless ronaldo fucked his maid , i do n't even see the connection between ronaldo and that quote . 
  i mean , there 's not really going to be one after him i suppose . 
  war im oktober in london im musical . 
  only takes one drop of poop in your soup to ruin your day . 
  yeah , fuck those dreaded banana-farmer killing german jews !, 
  well , most of the soccer teams ( and other european sports teams ) are deeply embedded in their local societies for over a century . 
  they almost all started as a couple of dudes getting together in a pub wanting to play some soccer on saturdays . 
  addendum i : baby boomers have consistently tried to make voting harder for those who would vote against them . 
  i 'm german and my grandparents were kids during ww2 and while they did n't live in a place that was terribly blown to pieces , they still had to deal with the aftermath of the war in the form of silesian refugees etc. 
  and they are/were genuinely good people . 
  fortunately the baby boomer generation is n't the same here as in the us because they actually had shit to achieve by themselves with the whole rebuilding the country-stuff and getting the two germanies back together . 
  yeah we 're generally opposed to any sort of credit ( other than really big essentials like buying houses ) . 
  we do n't really need credit cards either since our debit cards have pretty much the same function . 
  i briefly considered getting a credit card last year trying to book a hotel and theatre tickets in england but that 's the only reason i really can think of for getting one . 
  i 'm currently ~ 4k $ in debt myself due to personal idiocy during university and it 's heavy on my mind already . 
  i do n't know how i could live knowing that was only like 3 months of tuition . 
  so do we , obviously . 
  mostly because he reminds us every chance he gets . 
  well yeah , i thought my comment was obviously circle jerky in nature . 
  although i also was under the impression everyone on here agreed that the dnc worked strongly against bernie sanders , so it 's not just the republicans that are opposed to the preferred candidate for social progressivism . 
  given that obstruction by party and his lack of funding and that therefore his lack of reach to people that are not on reddit is naturally limited , he did very well . 
  keep in mind that young people never and nearly nowhere have a high turnout , and did n't some states also make student ids inadmissible ? 
  i 'm not sure and ca n't check right now , so please correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  he is just trying to remove ass junkies 14 from his credits over and over again, 
  we just do it with our personal ids , like the official document you are supposed to carry with you or have access to at any time ( maybe even any government issued form of identification like a driver 's license , i 'm not sure ) . 
  i 'm sure less developed countries are having a harder time tracking their citizens , but for a country like the us it really should n't be that hard to prove you 're a legal of age at the voting booth . 
  he also did spew a bunch of antisemitic shit , so i think it 's fair to call dmt466 a neo-nazi . 
  [ and the crows goes mild ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9yow-hymbdy ), 
  in germany it depends on your family , but for a single person it 's generally ~ 400 $ + your apartment . 
  you can hand in receipts for necessities you need as a functional human being as far as i know , like a vacuum , washing machine etc. 
  the problem is that not all of those 700 $ go back to the state unadulterated . 
  you order something from amazon for n money , for example , amazon gets that money and amazon keeps n-vat . 
  amazon pays their their manager a hefty salary and they sit on that , or send it to panama or wherever . 
  what they do n't do is send it back to state at full . 
  and * that * is my problem with unregulated capitalism at the moment . 
  a few people have so much money that they can hardly spend it all or reinvest it or just do n't want to . 
  everyone would be so much better off if they could n't just hoard the money . 
  imagine everyone of the close to 30m people in uzbekistan just packing up their shit , sending all their means of production and money etc to america , over night . 
  that 's what it would be like if warren buffet decided to redistribute his wealth . 
  sorry , we usually do salary/wages per month here . 
  it 's a bit hard to read this and then be told that the bundesliga is n't competitive over and over again . 
  i know it 's probably not you making that argument but holy shit there 's some revisionism going on in this sub sometimes . 
  15/16 : la liga : 3 points between first and third , 11 in the prem, 
  14/15 : la liga : 6 points , prem : 12 points, 
  13/14 : la liga : 3 points , prem : 4 points, 
  12/13 : la liga : 24 points , prem : 14 points, 
  barca 's abolutely outstanding 12/13 season withstanding , la liga is generally closer at the very top . 
  that 's what a title race is , it 's not different winners each year who just chase ahead early on . 
  cunts they are . 
  he looks just like a buff athlete in this one . 
  you need an actual human being next to him for comparison . 
  just cause she knows he 's a really quick lay . 
  the whole context for this conversation were the past four years ? 
  i 'm really not invested in this enough to go back and tally since the start of the prem . 
   it fits both the idea of ancap paradise , and is a state at the same time . 
  at the cost of the countries from which its inhabitants * actually * come from . 
  monaco is probably one of the least operational self-contained ecosystems in modern times . 
  are you circumventing a ban ? 
  you 'd be a garbage truck with all that junk in your trunk, 
  you can be the missing link, 
  to me he will always be that old dude , from that movie , the one who 's in all these movies , you know who i mean ? 
  how was scotland, 
  but if i 'm not special how will get qt3 .14 azn waifu, 
  i do n't know what 's more absurd these days , ordering something from a television ad that 's only $ 5.99 or waiting 4-6 weeks for it . 
  i meant the inflation rather than the absolute price myself . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rey1cwmo57y ) is the video they did with amateur teams . 
  adidas xylos does have a fancy ring to it . 
  if there 's overtime you should be at work , if you 're european .
