  el is pretty much the only reason i have passing knowledge about eastern european geography . 
  in what respects , if i may ask ? 
  woulda been awkward if you were 600 years old is what i think he 's getting at, 
  holy shit , you 're on fire with your precision . 
  give me an example as to how the us is so far ahead ? 
  the thing is ( good ) food and drinks are generally more expensive here than in the us . 
  i think there 's also a bigger distinction between fast food and ` real ' eating out . 
  if you go out for dinner or lunch , you 're generally going to a unique restaurant or caf\u00e9 , not something franchised ( although places like vapiano etc. 
  are breaking into that territory ) . 
  since we 're so accustomed to eating at places that are * not * multi-national chains but instead family-owned or uniquely-run places we just do n't expect to eat and drink in bulk , but instead accept what 's been prepared for us . 
  thing is though that most every serious restaurant that is not a complete shitshow has at least red and white wine on the menu , since it 's classified as the same as beer and there 's no way you 're not gon na have beer on the menu in germany . 
  you have made it clear in this thread that you have no standards . 
  huh, 
  he redeemed himself in another reply , all good . 
  a more deadly karambolage, 
   it 's a cultural problem in my understanding not a racial one . 
  absolutely , irish pavees are n't that much different from southern european gypsies from my limited experience . 
  friendly people , but they always kinda try to see how much they can get away with . 
  wow , i 'm being paid bags of money every day, 
  in the one for the media giants , it says the sun is the biggest european newspaper , but by actual circulation it 's bild , owned by axel springer . 
  depending on how long you 've been married and how well she knows you , probably not anymore . 
  i never liked her because she always looks like she 's having the worst day of her life and wants everyone else to know it , but being married to trump i 'm starting to feel like she deserves to look like that . 
  in this picture , where she 's not with trump and smiles she 's a lot more likable . 
   your country of all countries should understand that when a pseudo-democratic system is weak , bad results can happen . 
  if anything , the weimar republic fell to fascism because it was hyperdemocratic . 
  what 's better ? 
  waiting for house republicans to fix this mess ? 
  sitting this out for four years/until the midterms ? 
  watweesik-khan war unschuldig, 
  your ethnicity is british-and-two-failed-invasions . 
  in the context of the complete g7 meeting , her criticism of trump goes beyond the nato participation , it 's also about the paris treaty and trade . 
  the us is fucking with combating climate change , so it 's expected that they 're pissy with the us . 
  can i ask you where you 're from ? 
  i have a hunch , but that would leave me very surprised with the reactions you say you get . 
   alert i have been banned in sharia germany & sharia france for my truthful reporting !, 
  truth sounds like hate ... 
  sounds like a swell woman to me . 
  rented , too . 
  someone * else * owns the building , and told him not to open a restaurant , about which he complained . 
  so much for personal ownership . 
  tiny fingers to clean up dust behind the radiator . 
  naturalized by ibiza and mallorca maybe . 
  if there 's one thing we like less than foreigners it 's germans from a different place than us . 
  did n't know germany went all the way to the middle east in the great war/ww2 . 
   but to be honest i think this is not a `` good manner '' question . 
  if you eat us style people will not think you have bad manners , maybe not even recognize it . 
  i do think it is , because most people do n't realize it 's done differently in other places ( because it 's not really something you usually think about ) . 
  eating with one hand also opens up avenues for other ` mistakes ' , e.g. 
  putting the unused elbow on the table , holding onto your plate , etc. 
  but i agree that if you do n't stick to those rules but are well-mannered in all other regards , people wo n't think you 're an uncultured swine , but depending on how cultured the guest family is , they might look at you funny . 
  can i ask you how old you are ? 
  also what state you are from ? 
  does the family have children , if so how old ? 
  if they do , maybe smaller gifts for each person might be better than one for the whole family ( e.g. 
  small baskets of local/typically american candy for the kids , something small , local , and decorative for the parents ) . 
  separate plastic , paper and general trash . 
  turn off lights in rooms noone 's in for longer periods of time . 
  be on time + / - 5 minutes , or call . 
  since you 're in bremen , the hsv is the worst soccer team in the world . 
  you 're gon na spend a month with these people , you can probably use ` du ' from the start . 
  your german seems good enough , do n't be irked if they answer in english . 
  they 're probably just as happy to freshen up their english as you are to speak german . 
   it seems to be big enough a market with good enough actors/singers to pull that off . 
  from what i 've heard there 's a * lot * of international singers/actors in german musicals . 
  written by elton johann . 
  methinks thou dost protest too much, 
  memphis sounds like something music-related would be an obvious idea , or some original tn whiskey or whatever you guys drink . 
  fellow ! = follow, 
  yeah, 
  confirmed for deutsch . 
  because the german reich does n't exist anymore . 
  also because greeks still have n't accepted their fate and learned german . 
  obviously , but it does feel like you 're saying `` i bought a ferrari and i did n't like it because it does n't fit my family of four . '', 
  your criticism is perfectly valid , it just does n't really add anything to the conversation . 
  ` the cutscenes are too long ', 
  ' i also think the cutscenes are too long ', 
  can confirm , because my username checks out . 
  how often do you plant your foot * in between * another person 's feet when you 're trying to walk past them ? 
  that 's because they 're developing countries ? 
  building a new factory that 's eco-friendly ( - ier ) is going to raise the net emissions . 
  updating an existing factory to be greener is going to lower them . 
  unless you want to tell china and india to stop feeding and employing their people , that 's a very natural development . 
  currently the co2 emissions per capita of china is half of the us , and india is one tenth . 
  the only countries that are close or above that to the us in that regard are either huge ass countries with small populations and a big , basic industrial sector ( kazakhstan , mongolia etc. ), 
  or tiny countries with a high population density ( arabia , estonia etc. ) . 
  well and the anglosphere ( australia , canada ) , both of which could arguably be lumped into the first section . 
  we set it on fire to heat sausages . 
  worked okay . 
  everyone trusts the guy who tries to keep his swastika books hidden !, 
  then explain fucking fahrenheit next, 
  the hell are you guys thinking, 
  no , he 's french , that 's why he 's called le bron . 
  the main thing i learned from this is that even cristiano ronaldo takes terrible selfies . 
  if girls can handle this , they can also handle my chin fupa . 
  one less sun reader though , so bless her . 
  ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/widerstand_gegen_den_nationalsozialismus ), 
  sein name : albert ahmadinedschad . 
  i 'm obviously only speaking for myself , but if i 'd ask you out ( if i know you already through friends or work , not just over tinder etc. ), 
  i 've already made the decision that i 'd like to be your boyfriend eventually , or at least find out if my first hunch is correct about you ( sorta to get full confirmation if it 's worth commiting to a person ) . 
  if you see different people at the same time ( or intend to ) , and especially if you sleep with them , i 'd find it extremely hurtful if i was n't informed beforehand .
