  how 'd you come to like osnabr\u00fcck ? 
  yeah , cause he ca n't be tipped over, 
  did n't warm mine at all . 
  these airheads are anxious that trump wo n't be right-wing enough anymore . 
  there is nothing redeeming about this image for me . 
  he might not kill the republic but four years is enough to drown millions of possibly uninsured people in lifelong debt , it 's enough to create a tax code that takes another legislative period to untangle against a potential republican congress and cause diplomatic rifts that need a complete political reversal to mend . 
  i 'm not american , so i look at it from an outside perspective , but america was extremely lucky to have someone as squeaky clean on the outside as obama to follow bush , as the international reputation of the us needed heavy fixing after that debacle . 
  you 'll need someone of similar statue following trump if there 's any desire to be the world leader that america has been since it was founded . 
  the german commentator mentioned that you guys apparently love hefele , if that 's true , why is that ? 
  treat him well , will ya, 
  i do n't care about the rest , i just want my boy hefele to be fine, 
  some people , myself included , mark the text they 're reading and if you hit reply the text gets copied into the reply field . 
  maybe that 's why . 
  obviously , but to be fair , in soccer it 's 22 sweaty men playing with balls and the ones who play with balls the best get to ` score . ', 
  then there 's a couple of ball boys around the pitch making sure the men on the pitch have enough balls to play with . 
  for many men it 's also a way to get away from their wives on weekends and meet with strange men in the park so they can play with balls together . 
  what i 'm saying is that soccer fans have no leg to stand calling other people gay . 
  this might be the wrong place for this kinda joke but i find it hard to believe that it 's difficult to find someone in brighton that 's ready to clean your pipe . 
  only latent homosexuality , but i would n't go so far and call it an issue, 
  sorry , in my defense , i 'm german, 
  [ nsfw ] ( http://www.antibayern.de/images/postcard/igitt_jancker.jpg ), 
  what gave it away , my glory hunting flair ? 
  i meant that in defense of my lacking sense of humor , not the language . 
  i know the english language like my own vest pocket . 
  that 's what i 've been saying all along , this sub needs less giroud and more akinfenwa, 
  it means he 's ethnically german , i.e. 
  was part of the german minority in poland . 
  the only virtue i was signalling is that i can take downvotes like a man without politicizing everything . 
  to be fair , djourou was a dirty stinky garbage fire for almost his entire stay in hamburg, 
   despite finishing both above and below it . 
  averaging 4th, 
  i think of southern europe when i think of greece , like italy . 
  duterte w\u00e4re proud, 
  his hair covers the sun every 38 years, 
  i think a lot of it is just how european sports teams started . 
  those were teams from around the corner , where you , your friends or your coworkers played . 
  some became really good , so they attracted talent etc. 
  it was n't that some rich dude decided to buy a franchise and open one big team in your city , it was the poor district of a city against the richer one and the only deciding factor originally was your ability to play . 
  you see a lot of this in high school and college sports in america as well , i think . 
  in franchise sports though , most cities have only team , so everyone bands together , and while that has its benefits , there is no real personal involvement other than `` my team of bought millionaires is better than yours . '', 
  a lot of the european idiosyncracies surrounding sports still stem from the old days when what team you support said something about you , especially in rivalries , be it your political affiliation , your societal caste or the poeple you surround yourself with . 
  little bens, 
  i think it 's the one lovecraft uses for when people stand face to face with cthulhu, 
  qqqjel was right, 
  xxx will be the marko marin of hip hop . 
  relevant for like half a year and then descend into obscurity, 
  you generally need more than one player per position though . 
  pulisic will probably be number one on the right side , but all other wingers prefer the left wing . 
  yeah , i read that . 
  he posted a link to how a bulgarian ( ? ), 
  guest worker in germany who is stuck with a huge hospital bill because he was hired as a self-employed freelancer working for minimum wage without insurance . 
  disregarding the fact that that guest worker has to have been complicit in creating that situation by registering his business and not getting health insurance , which is illegal . 
  therefore everyone involved will be persecuted , especially the employers . 
  he compared that to poor-ass nepalese guest workers in arab states that get their passports withheld so they have no option to leave , all while being ignored by the country . 
  dibs on lincoln rad pimps as a fantasy football team name . 
  you ca n't be kings and mayor at the same time , not since the war . 
  it 's really just the names they usually go by in germany . 
  as for sporting and benfica it 's basically just that benfica is a lot more memorable of a name than sporting , given that there is also sporting clube de braga from portugal . 
  ( the ) hertha is a unique name . 
  because `` us troops attack iraqi mosul '' makes more sense than `` troops us attack mosul iraqi '', 
  to be fair , bayern is majority owned by the fans , so it literally is a people 's team . 
  oh shit it 's monday , i completely forgot, 
  sponsors with , in theory , as much say as their shares provide . 
  so it 's like the three stages of gonzo porn ? 
  is there poop ? 
  do they mention the poop ? 
  do they eat the poop ? 
  no love for rasenballsport in this thread, 
  it 's his brother from hamburg, 
  to be fair , if i found out my girlfriend from 13 years ago was dating a competitive card game instead of my lonely ass now i 'd be pretty pissed too . 
  electric window openers and a child safety lock do n't come cheap . 
  except jack is allowed to be black, 
  who shows their id when boarding a train ? 
  detroit , 1984 : a young marshall mathers accidently drops the n-word performing a rap at his school 's talent show . 
  sorry brother , but i 'm not really thankful for that info, 
  you sound like a real baka , desu . 
  hire me , i can do jobs good . 
  tank and support , they deserve all the happiness as far as i 'm concerned . 
  all paid for by the richest club with the most fans and the most secure revenue stream in the world . 
  psg runs their ship on an inflated sponsorship deal with qatar . 
  s1 : `` schiri , mach mal was '', 
  in der champion 's league hab ich noch nie so gelacht, 
  because alphakevin is the kevinest of the kevins . 
  calm down , kevin, 
  then why does n't it show ? 
  and also one of the few managers who broke through with a comparably lower-tier club into the highest spheres of soccer , beating real madrid in the cup winners cup . 
  \\  tfw you feel superior because you have to implant your political bias into every little thing because others implant their political into every little thing, 
  the proverbial glass house is still a glashaus though . 
  i think what he 's saying is that on an international level , lower ranked english clubs are worse , but within the premier league they even out . 
  well , england hands out like 1/8th of coaching licenses compared to germany . 
  i ca n't tell you why , but there seems to be a lot less interest in becoming a low-level coach in the first place . 
  i think it has to do with the existence of the sunday league , which basically exists solely as a for-fun league , while all german clubs play in the same league structure . 
  that in turn means you always have the opportunity to move up in ranks within your club or the region while it professionalizes every level of club soccer . 
  i just checked briefly but it does n't seem like it 's that much more expensive than in germany . 
  with the amount of money that 's in english football it should n't be that big of a deal either for teams to sponsor licenses either . 
  top, 
  of course , but like i alluded to in the previous post , by that point you should usually have a sponsor already that has the connections to get you in one of those classes . 
  if you do n't , you probably do n't really need the license either . 
  the reason you wo n't see skyscrapers in hamburg or munich is that no building can be taller than their respective church towers . 
  we do the exact same things .
