  or you wreck yourself . 
  which he did n't . 
  i always knew people on that side of the goalkeeper debate were a bit daft, 
  that 's why he 's cr7 . 
  do n't let all that branding and marketing money go to fucking waste, 
  fwiw i agree that messi probably would n't have made it through any top academy pre-cruyff . 
  ronaldo on the other hand has everything to have made it back then . 
  i 'm shit at math , but are we talking absolute numbers when we say 1 in a 100 , or is it like , 3 out of 300 ? 
  then it 's a big difference . 
  my piller is so big it obstructs everyones view, 
  ` patronizing means talking down to someone ', 
   there is no luck , only the unforeseeable outcomes in favor of one party in greater numbers than for the other, 
  if he was being treated by doctors in munich , it was probably m\u00fcller-wohlfahrt . 
  think of his practices what you want , but that fucker has to be the most oddly successful sports doctor in the world . 
  who calls him ` leitwolf ' ? 
  google ` leitwolf fussball ' and see how that is just an expression for any player with some sort of social standing in a club . 
  i had these moments of realization after my first pay-check working full-time . 
  ` so you 're saying i give you this plastic card , then you take money from it , and then i can take that tv over there with me and you wo n't want it back ? ', 
  ' i have to watch out , because if i buy this fish sandwich , i will only be able to afford 200 more fish sandwiches this month . ', 
  ` it 's the 31st and i still have money on my account . 
  i should really try to find a good financial advisor . ', 
  something i can only encourage others to do if you 're feeling a bit adventurous is to look into studying abroad , especially if you 're american . 
  the difference in tuition is staggering in germany for example , and depending on what you 're going to study our universities are pretty well renowned internationally . 
  the language barrier is intimidating of course , but as far as i know there are prep courses , and if you 're somewhat extroverted you 'll learn it just by mixing in no time . 
  at least they do n't dare touching the sgd flair, 
  this is like watching two dogs bark at each other except one 's a german shepherd and the other ones a poodle with a learning disability . 
  that 's when we need cyberpunk 2077 the most , to take our minds off of our impending doom, 
  ben dover no fake promise, 
  meme team, 
  your stadiums are all-seaters right ? 
  i for one applaud premier league teams to make people support lower league soccer by making regular visits to their stadium unaffordable . 
  real life , but i really doubt it affects the players much . 
  it 's not eye level , and not generally the direction they look . 
  source : watched a champions league match live on sunday . 
  yes . 
  the japanese basically invented minimalism with their buddhist influences . 
  their overabundance of information is more of a response to those simplistic ideas of yore , while it 's the other way around for the west . 
  or tiny ass cities of you 're in germany, 
  yeah . 
  it 's not that difficult to understand , really . 
  players ca n't enter the 6m circle , player contact is mostly allowed and encouraged , but it does hardly ever get violent . 
  it 's like a less stringent version of hockey , with plays like am . 
  football , more ` stuff ' happening than soccer and more physicality than basketball . 
  at least for my team most , if not all , players have personal sponsors ( which are also team sponsors ) which help pay their salaries . 
  i 'd assume our best players , which are top bundesliga players , make low 5 figures a month , i know mikkel hansen who plays for paris , the richest team in handball , makes around 40k . 
  in handball you 're supposed to know where your teammates are and pass blindly . 
  hence the own goal . 
  just give it a different design , just not hoth pistol . 
  electrons move very erratically, 
  is n't it a bit of the point that these guys are making ? 
  that captaincy at arsenal is `` a piece of cloth '' that gets forgotten ? 
  as opposed to the ones that denote a hierarchy within the team , where captaincy is held by leaders and with the necessary responsibility . 
  wheelscart, 
  / r/peoplefuckingdying, 
  i 'm getting the feeling that you 're having a lot less fun with this sub than the rest of us . 
  wait , which one is the one with the free kicks, 
  dirty dirty boy, 
  kino is cinema in german , not film . 
  afd btw 2017 : 69 %, 
   basketball humor, 
  add to 1 ) 3 aqs , with more participants than previous wcs , like they do in europe , so it evens out with other associations . 
  this joke i * s even on e * very reddit thread it seems . 
  what russians do is they take bears from the yukon , light them by their tail and when they roar they 're louder and more dangerous than any firecracker . 
  nah , he was handing out his [ action figures ] ( https://i.redditmedia.com/absjfllybloakjmety6hh68-awacr1n_zrhoijwyat4.jpg?w=320&amp;s=f7746557467e58d64363d160d34f2a8f ) to his buddies . 
  what he 's saying is that ter stegen * is * at near post , and * still * gets beaten . 
   i wish i 'd taken german instead of french , that class had an austrian teaching it . 
  i do n't know if that would have helped you with your german , though . 
   i could n't sleep the first couple nights i was in germany, 
  did that one-hour jet lag throw you off that much ? 
   the east germany of west germany, 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's us here in schleswig-holstein . 
  at least you guys have some sort of industry , we do n't even have good schools like saxony . 
  i really want to see how you make that connection . 
  there are resource rich countries like norway that are on the top end of democracy indices and resource poor african countries that are at the very bottom . 
  i have a hard time seeing an overarching correlation . 
  it 's a great comparison . 
  in socialism everyone can find love as equals , whereas in libertarianism everyone is also free to love whoever they want , except people with money have more sway in every interpersonal relationship . 
  you say he is anti government . 
  what are his opinions on decorated veteran international super spy tuna terrorists ? 
  bskyb sounds like a gamertag you use when all other names involving ` sky ' are taken . 
  - signed xxxskyxxx, 
  broken clocks being right and all , but for every instance the guys you mentioned are right , there are dozen of other journalists with more integrity , more ability and more acclaim who say the same things . 
  there is no real point in listening to those dingos . 
  you do n't understand . 
  he did n't know about barkley 's dad 's origins , so he ca n't be racist . 
  he just called the boy with the darker complexion and african roots a gorilla because he looks strong and wild , not because he wants to call negroes animals . 
  adblock up , hit the journo , delete bookmarks, 
   instead they invested the surplus of money and made even more dough with it . 
  i still think democracy dictates diversification , not the other way around if anything . 
  still though , i do n't see a relevant connection between diversity of exports and level of democracy . 
  rule of thumb seems to be that you have to from the northern western hemisphere , or invaded by one of these countries in the past 100 years ( botswana , mauritius being the stand-out examples ) . 
  it seems like it 's mostly enlightenment ideologies + money that foster democracy . 
  singapore for example is rich , has diversified exports but is very middle of the road when it comes to democratic prowess . 
  do n't want to confused with the energy drink , obviously . 
   if that 's not badass , i do n't know what is . 
  telling other countries ` you are belong to us , you have to play in our league now . ', 
  mcdonalds is allowed to only have the mcrib once a year , does n't mean i have to like it . 
  question it , because the bundesliga teams generally do n't have ` owners ', 
  come on , that random middle-of-the-pitch celebration is the most fifa thing there is . 
  ridicule on reddit , you plastic,
