  magst du minecraft ? 
  player of the year in 2008 , third in 2007 , champions league winner , highest transfer fee at the time . 
  real and everyone else knew they were buying a goat at that point . 
  those golfs are n't gon na build themselves . 
  considering that he is earning big in wolfsburg with mediocre performances and having to pay fines all the time , you can clearly say he 's better at making money than he is retaining it . 
  why not just go back to pauli , i have a feeling they might be a bit more lax with his attitude . 
  time to exhume bruce lee and muhammad ali . 
  yeah , but it 's not like he 's gon na test positive for it now . 
  speaking of gerg , when will he unban me on twitter ? 
  you really should read more . 
  i 've had a second rate german handball team hand in a list with more explicit demands than this . 
  that 's why we have so many shootings in germany with so many casualties compared to the us . 
  it 's just so goddamn easy . 
  the thing is that most illegal guns are stolen legal guns . 
  if you restrict legal guns they are harder to steal and therefore it 's harder for criminals to obtain guns . 
  it 's not like heckler & koch sell illegal guns or sell them within the country to random gun collectors . 
  germany has more guns than many other countries and still less gun violence . 
  switzerland has plenty of privately owned assault weapons and still less gun violence than comparable countries . 
  proper gun laws do work otherwise we 'd have fucked ourselves into oblivion a long time ago . 
  provided by what is essentially a paramilitary ngo . 
  the shooting today like most every one else is a huge exception . 
  which other attacks were so super successful ? 
  the one with a truck in nice ? 
  the one with an axe in w\u00fcrzburg ? 
  point 3 does n't really factor into the argument because for the sake of the argument were talking about homicidal gun violence . 
  and the first two explain violence , which will probably and admittedly surge over the next years , but wo n't explain gun violence specifically . 
  that 's where my argument sets in . 
  and equally expanded by more thoroughly armed perpetrators . 
  it 's a give and take . 
  the attacker in w\u00fcrzburg was n't . 
  i 'm saying we 'd be seeing a lot more of those if guns were widely available . 
  charlie hebdo and bataclan were supplied by the paramilitary i mentioned before . 
  if you look at the shootings that were stopped by armed civilians in the us , you 'll see that most are heat of the moment kind of situations , not planned attacks . 
  yeah and since i game all day i can live with tiny balls too . 
  it 's funny how quickly jerseys became super tight . 
  today 's kits make late 2000s kits look like early 90s kits . 
  oh no , they dropped out because they got stabbed before . 
  let 's not talk about rivers and the rio olympics . 
  not really . 
  total gun death rate is ~ 10 times higher in the us , and the homicide by gun rate is ~ 50 times higher when compared to germany , while suicide is ~ 8 times as high . 
  kind of the opposite really . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_firearm-related_death_rate ), 
  or spent hours over hours with the family lawyer . 
  they both seem like these english bulldogs that are ugly and too dumb to drink out of a bowl but you love these bastards anyway . 
   does everything have to be black or white in r/mma ? 
  no , it 's red and blue . 
  why did they play the 1970s cup final two years early ? 
  it was the best of reasons and the worst of reasons . 
  i think just cable with a proper and fully operational on demand function would break barriers . 
  i 'm not one for scary stuff , but this intrigues me a lot . 
  is it as horrifying as the trailer makes it look ? 
  and i would watch a movie in which my mother plays a race horse . 
  anecdotal , buddy . 
  i can only speak for german pay-tv options to be honest , but in the day and age of modern media dongles their service ( sky ) is absolutely terrible . 
  i own a chromecast , an amazon fire stick , a smart tv , an android tablet , a ubuntu laptop and an android phone but because they still rely on that shitty silverlight player i could only play their online catalogue on my windows desktop pc . 
  their regular on demand offers are very short-lived ( you could only watch the last three episodes of a show and the ~ 12 movies available changed almost every week ) . 
  their actual online database was great , but their player support ruined any practical use for me . 
  they were n't always the most recent movies and shows , but at least they were the ones that were licensed exclusively to them and it was extensive in the amount of content . 
  i believe if they offered an easy to use service that did n't rely on such user-hostile software and marketed it as an alternative to netflix and similar services alongside their exclusive sports content , they 'd be much better at retaining their consumer base that is n't just there because they want to watch the bundesliga and order the movie package because `` why the hell not . '', 
   also , i 've heard that their spacial reasoning is fundamentally different because of, 
  * crosses fingers *, 
   the environments they grow up in . 
  * phew *, 
  did n't know there was twitter or instagram in 2006 . 
  it 's called the view and not the listen, 
  it 's from a beautiful mind . 
  zach galifianakis plays russell crowe playing john nash , a gifted but socially inapt math man who goes to las vegas for his friend 's bachelor party . 
  after being drugged by their friend , played by zach galifianakis ( played by dustin hoffmann ) , the group awake in the midst of a trashed hotel room only to discover that the math man has lost all his math . 
  together they go on a journey to recreate the previous night in hopes to find the math so the math can marry danny devito back home . 
  at the end john nash puts two and two together and realizes that the math was in his brain all along . 
  they all return soundly and safely back at the wedding just in time to get the procession going , before realizing that the math only exists in a schr\u00f6dingian state of non-existence within john nash 's head . 
  they become accutely aware that they need to crack open his skull to prove the math 's presence and well-being before the ceremony can commence . 
  once that is done and the math has been recovered , pastor goldberg ( played brilliantly by jk simmons ' character from whiplash ) marries the math and the friend in question . 
  the post credit scene shows john nash with his split cranium working successfully as a pez dispenser in the kindergarten of an affluent los angeles suburb . 
  thefischkopp says : an epic tale of distrust , violence , racism and sodomy with surefire oscar nominations for a bald man , a man with a beard and a dog with five legs . 
  the inclusion of gratuitous sex scenes only adds to the nihilistic nature of the prevalent communist propaganda throughout the film . 
  the only film in 120 years of cinema that finds good company amongst masterpieces like the birth of a nation and uwe boll 's auschwitz . 
  it 's because his face looks generally good . 
  if he had double the eye brows he 'd be top notch , as [ my poorly done , 2-second mock-up ] ( https://i.imgur.com/oinupcb.jpg ) shows . 
  then why do n't teenagers have retard strength, 
  arse-man u !, 
   the doop song, 
  doopin ' disrespectful towards germany . 
  serious question here , so please do n't take is an attack , but how do you become an nycfc fan ? 
  none of your parents could have been supporters , and you had a local team before they got added to the mls . 
  is it just that they are more proximate than nyrb or do you like certain players ? 
  e : also remove the `` silly techno song '' line . 
  it 's highly offensive and borderline racist towards germans . 
  this is not a doopin ' joke . 
  to be fair , he had admitted to having to adapt to a wholly different day-to-day league schedule and still punched way above his means in the europa league with a team he did n't build himself . 
  i 'd say his first year was a good set-up for more successful years to come . 
  the dog has a tortoise . 
  how can you mix that up , it does n't make any sense the other way round . 
  he * did * help germany to the semis . 
  great guy . 
  i do n't know , almost all italians and a fair amount of germans seem to have overcome aging . 
  neuer has been 25 for 5 years now , klose has been 1-2 years away from retiring since 2012 . 
  schweinsteiger might be 31 in human years but his body has been 38 since he was 27 . 
  what do you mean ? 
  there is no drink named rasenballsport ?
