  i will forever get a semi at those alternative angles of that clip . 
  too hot , makes my mouthie go ouchie, 
  too cold , makes my brain go bzzzzt, 
  clutch or kick, 
  if anything playing the b-team showed potential replacements for established first-teamers . 
  in hindsight , l\u00f6w did everything right by bringing new players across the board . 
  even the u21-ec showed new potential for our weaker positions ( i.e. 
  toljan on lb ) . 
  nah , verdun was dirty and stalingrad was cold, 
  yeah , but hitler himself was racially inferior to germans so i do n't think that 's anything to go by . 
  afaik press from all around the world used that and then the german fa thought `` hey that sounds awfully non-descriptive and inoffensive , let 's make it official '' and so they did . 
  he was technically half jewish, 
  he just told you ? 
  it 's an excerpt of a speech to german teachers . 
  probably has the context missing . 
  dialects might have different words , but share the same grammatical rules . 
  plattdeutsch has its own rules . 
  in addition to the one he mentioned , a common one is :, 
  ` er lernt schnell und redet platt ' in plattdeutsch would translate to the high german ` er lernt schnell platt zu reden . ', 
  the difference is obviously small since it 's so closely related to german , but it 's classified as a separate language either way . 
   and so what ? 
  britain legalized equal marriage under a conservative government . 
  germany was ~ three years ahead on civil unions , england , wales and scotland ( not ni ) ~ three years on equal marriage . 
  with that little difference it 's just a question of political priorities really . 
   another great day of sgdq . 
  love watching my childhood germany get destroyed . 
  money goes to view the games , save the viewer . 
  generator confirmed for t_d . 
  well the german alt-right party did n't want to hold the vote for equal marriage in the first place because the country has bigger fish to fry . 
  like islamic homophobia . 
  not kidding . 
  funny thing is that the person who wrote that is alice weidel , the shared top candidate for the afd . 
  although she is a lesbian , she is opposed to equal marriage . 
  but do n't worry , she does n't have to care , because she lives in switzerland most of the time , where she is raising two sons . 
  a bit ironic , given that the main difference in germany between civil unions and marriage was practically the right to adopt . 
  read [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/lgbt/comments/6laopw/all_of_germanys_muslim_mps_voted_in_favour_of/djsyiw1/?context=3 ) . 
  in a facebook post she wrote how the vote for equal marriage , that merkel hastily initiated , is pointless at the moment and a waste of time . 
  the bigger issue is the amount of muslims coming into the country , bringing their homophobic ideas to germany . 
  i do n't know how disallowing lgbt + s to marry helps fight islamic homophobia but i guess that 's another pitfall of alt-right logic . 
  why make up quotes if you can use something he actually said ? 
   `` the germans are bad , really bad '', 
  i think there 's a huge deifference between ` hey we talked for a while now and noone got upset , we should continue this on our phones ' and ` hey , you like a thing ? 
  i like the same thing , we should do the thing together sometimes ! ', 
  basically , there has to be a mutual purpose to exchanging numbers ( might even be romantic interest ) rather than just perpetuating conversation for the sake of it . 
  i text extremely little so take it with a grain of salt , but when i look at other people 's phones with a lot of whatsapp messages it 's always groups of people they meet regularly in real life too . 
  like there 's one group of your soccer team , one from work , one family and one with the people you hang out with on weekends . 
  i still find pure texting relationships extremely rare . 
  the advice would be to establish one of the real-life relationships from the get-go , when you talk to them in person by suggesting future plans . 
  not at all , see flair . 
  i just think texting habits vary much between social spheres . 
  my mom texts and chats on facebook a lot more than i do . 
  that 's probably why it 's so hard to find an agreeable answer . 
  yes , that 's definitely more accurate . 
  what i meant was that merkel had a more or less sudden change of heart when all other parties said that equal marriage was a requisite for any coalition after years of bickering and postponing this vote . 
  just did n't want to go into the intricacies of german politics too much . 
  not so much that , her relationship with her woman would be just as possible in germany before , and with the recent vote , the situation here is better than in switzerland . 
  if i remember correctly , the two boys are from her partner 's previous marriage . 
  she just seems like the epitome of a career politician that took the chance to be the poster woman for her party 's supposed openness towards homosexuality * without the expressed desire to destroy western family values * . 
  * yoga *, 
  i do n't know how good you are at math but 2015 comes after 2012 . 
  out of all the people in manchester united at the moment , do n't you think woodward is like the one person who deserves an actual job ? 
  booby wood is their training grounds in the yosemite national park . 
  because they want to get fisted by daddy bradley , what 's so fucking hard to understand, 
  that kinda thinking still does n't make your alcoholism legal , boy . 
  [ `` do you remember the 2006 world cup final ? 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0u_pubqga4u ), 
  her name is elsa you pleb, 
  it 's the english order of adjectives vs the spanish one . 
  given that the name is still spanish camp nou is really more correct . 
  as far as i know , values under 200 $ have very little chance to be prosecuted . 
  not surprised they 're fit when they have to run a 5k to get to the shitter . 
  that 's also why i 'm fat . 
  that 's why they need communism . 
  question is then if alexis is ready to leave behind his dog prostitution ring at arsenal, 
  no no , nepotism comes from the greek word for * nephew * . 
  ivanka is his daughter . 
  he 's in the clear . 
  dobrindt , lol, 
  i think the main difference is that jazz musicians change so much about the standards that they become distinguishable by each player from the arrangements . 
  you can tell a song is played by coltrane , or brubeck , or davis by the way they play . 
  and that 's why jazz is seen as a craft/art-hybrid . 
  jazz musicians are lauded for how they play , not what they play . 
  mozart was one that lauded for both , other classic composers for the latter and some of the modern pop stars for the former ( think johnny cash 's cover of hurt for example ) . 
  then there are pop stars who do n't really change the song in any interesting way or sing particularly well and coast by on their modeling abilities . 
  those are the ones catching all the abuse . 
  you ca n't just take another person 's comment , copy it , reap upvotes for it and use this to spam livestream chats from manutd streams . 
  conversion at small shops has and probably will always be super expensive . 
  we do it , the danes do it . 
  it 's just so much more hassle to run to the bank unless you make hundreds and hundreds of bucks a month in foreign money . 
  but non-leaguers have the added excuse of not being sober, 
  tell me , do you ever just go and get a tan together, 
  or watch gladiator movies, 
  yeah , that 's true, 
  boring as fuck though . 
  8 hours of grind every day , then 8 hours of forced down time just for 8 hours of game time . 
  the job system is shit too , you can only really reset professions at a hefty cost and some are even locked from the start . 
  if bayern handled the brexit you 'd all be living in munich next week for the price of half a pint and a brezen . 
  at least you can brag about being one of three non-chinese chongqing fans . 
  if that 's how deals were always made in soccer we 'd all be living in a better world . 
  because they got kroos for like 30m .
