  cut my stuff in two pieces , this is my last divorce . 
  if you get angry at people misattributing unrelated terms to racial slurs , then it 's a pretty hefty chink in your armor . 
  e : people are really not niggardly with their racist shaming here . 
  it looks like you really saw through the bullshit . 
  one could say you 're a regular case cracker . 
  you combine spite and silver linings like you 're a fucking buddhist . 
  you do n't know that . 
  i heard rugby is hot shit in rosario , argentina . 
  beckham only ever netted 37m euro in his career , for his transfer to real in a year in which they got 30m euro from chelsea for makelele and geremi and no other signings to be paid for . 
  basically he was worth so goddamn much because manu could ask for much , because it was that year that chelsea started inflating prices for so-and-so players . 
  it was also a pretty bad year in general to be buying superstars of real 's caliber , especially in his position , as the most reknowned players played for either real or barcelona , or other big teams that really did n't need the money ( inter ) . 
  and a recruitment center that scouts hundreds over hundreds of potentially new girlfriends at the age of 12 . 
  that argument would hold more water if all the other teams up there would n't have made good signings as well . 
  you know what happens to teams that are in the top that do n't make good signings ? 
  liverpool happens . 
  yeah , and i want to fuck a chipmunk . 
  what 's it to you ? 
  i do n't understand that infatuation with emily blunt , though . 
  i do n't think that 's the case . 
  a good signing is n't relative to the other teams . 
  the relevant factor is whether arsenal is stronger than they were before , which they are . 
  but so is chelsea . 
  and liverpool is n't . 
  and united is n't either . 
  and the phone book is sorted by first names . 
  yo fdj , when 's the next episode of luger frag coming out ? 
  yeah and i say i 'm just looking for a nice and pretty girlfriend , but i still masturbate to triple anal asian porn with huge tits . 
  the wurstmafia will find a way . 
  don vito k\u00fchneone will just a send marinated horse 's head to t\u00f6nnies if he acts up . 
  france - germany was one of my favorite matches in that wc . 
  france played very well strategically against a team that noone else really found a solution for , and were a few missed chances away from making it a very very interesting battle . 
  against algeria , it was germany 's fault that it was closer than it had to be , but against france it was their early pressure and high defending that really caused problems to the german side . 
  i always rated imingen . 
  i 'm really trying not to be rude , but i ca n't help but smile at the way you think the behavior millwall fans are known for can be likened to basically any ultra group for any soccer team . 
  dank memes have become a dank meme . 
  esther bot was fucking furious . 
  is this sarcasm ? 
  mia san forced to wear this . 
  like basically any soccer team , / r/soccer is n't particularly good with money . 
  she graduated from the acme school with a bsc in roadrunner hunting . 
  but if i have my penis in hand and think of taylor swift we 're gon na have an even bigger mess . 
  ... then the radio starts playing prince 's hit single `` rain '' but the melody is all fucked up . 
  the best dankocracy money can buy . 
  water is like mountain dew only clear , right ? 
  rear naked stroke, 
  they look like something you 'd put at the end of a sentence . 
  no , it was a triple strike game ^ how ^ does ^ cricket ^ ^ work, 
  it 's about two bratwurst per kilo of pretzel . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's maybe depending on the state but i 've only seen modern dark blue uniforms in the past couple of years . 
  e : apparently it 's only bavaria that still has green-beige uniforms , until 2016 . 
  only bavaria still has green uniforms . 
  yeah , and bayern has to have another extrasausage . 
  if that 's the case , mcgregor has n't been fully awake for almost 2 years . 
  i do n't think it 's delusional anymore even if he loses . 
  he has reason enough to believe he can beat aldo as do many , many other people . 
  then a rematch in the favelas and dana white rubs his hands because ufc 's paid for for the next decade . 
  how often have they won 7-1 against a team with 5 world cups ? 
  and how does that argument hold water when that win helps another direct rival catch up to 5 world cups ? 
  thanks to germany efficiency . 
  * jesus fuck / u/karmakomma do you even think before you write stuff ? 
  neuer so much flair , botswana meat commission ai n't got shit on him . 
  only works if you 're a church that 's not for profit . 
  i await the day when obvious sarcasm will be just that . 
  but neocanibal , there was an avatar movie !, 
  it was directed by m. night shyamalan and had that indian kid as the villain and the white kid playing the air bender !, 
  do n't you remember , neocanibal ? 
  do n't you remember ? 
  remember all the dance fighting and wooden acting , neocanibal !, 
  you have to remember , that movie killed the legacy of our next steven spielberg !, 
  how can you forget , neocanibal ? 
  you could be from zaire . 
  would you look at that . 
  so many african countries with terrible inflation and i pick one that does n't even exist anymore . 
  guess history classes in school were better than geography . 
  ew , they 're going to kiss . 
  just wait until you find out what happens when you fall asleep on a train and do n't get off until the final stop . 
  in times of war too ? 
  legit question . 
  you 're not doing it right if you 're not hurling insults at someone and sticking your finger in their butt while playing with balls . 
  you mean chobra , and he is boss . 
  power rangers torture porn fanfic . 
  five words that should never go together . 
  secret wins gold and eg wins money for a hip replacement . 
  and all people would only ever know about that hero is arteezy 's shitty techies play . 
   he in fact got the entire nerf bat shoved down his throat . 
  that explains the constant purging . 
  i get a `` youtube crashed '' message when i try to open that video . 
  just for shits and giggles : what would you write on your car if you were supposed to offend as many germans as possible ? 
  we 're still on that 7-1 high and rubbing or nipples through the fabric of that golden fourth star though . 
  \\ # 1 - # 3 are surefire ways to get arrested , but they 're also pretty uncreative . 
  \\ # 4 germany is so comparatively small that there 's always a rival club close by , so you 'll be cheered by roughly 50 % of the people all the time . 
  \\ # 5 falls dangerously close to # 1 - # 3 , unless you drive one of our efficient biogas cars , then it 'll probably be pretty funny . 
  \\ # 6 gays are fine . 
  you could even say that man love is ok in germany . 
  \\ # 7 i 'm more personnally offended at how run into the ground that joke is . 
  \\ # 8 see # 1 - # 8 . 
  \\ # 9 he does and we like him for that ironically , just like america does . 
  it was n't us that put him in a music video for an 80s action movie satire in 2015 after all . 
  \\ # 10 nothing wrong with women or german men , not sure who you 're trying to offend here . 
  i could argue that pee breaks are the only 5 minutes in a day we get off because we work so hard , or that our dicks are too heavy to hold , but the truth of the matter is that standing up would make us more like the french and noone wants to be like the french .
