  ca n't be much worse than \u00d6zil trying to spanish . 
  dig up cantona for some joga bonito, 
   picke - lit . 
  pickaxe , kicking the ball with just the tip of the foot, 
  is n't it pike , as in the head of a spear ? 
  that would make a lot more sense to me . 
  long i , as god intended . 
  after years of tangentially following him , definitely maybe . 
  code blau . 
  47 . t-4t . 
  i think the level is comparable , the legacy , however , is not . 
  donnarumma would be 28 then . 
  still a good age to take over as # 1 . 
  shh bby is ok, 
  that was when suarez broke all those goal scoring records , right ? 
  smart boy , leaving out the verb . 
  you know damn well that this wo n't hold up in karma-court . 
  i for one am just grateful yugoslavia is n't a thing anymore . 
  [ you 're so good , the only country with more foreign players is a tiny split island . 
  ] ( http://www.sportingintelligence.com/2013/01/21/new-research-foreign-players-at-record-levels-across-european-football-210102/ ), 
  [ we do n't think about you at all . 
  oh no , his funger slipped once . 
  totally unintelligible . 
  more like messi burrows, 
  calm down , mr. metaphor . 
  should be though , in this day and age . 
  what kind of people am i , then ? 
  as a german from a poor family that has reaped the benefits of a free university education i must be an idiot that is somewhat qualified to comment on this topic . 
  that 's a good argument , i did n't think about that . 
  kind . 
  do n't bother , there 's none in gotham . 
  but instead of one ball the protagonist talks to there are two ? 
  even if you 're top 10 or top 5 in terms of prudeness in a world with over 200 countries you 're not particularly prude . 
  germany is n't very prude , and a handful of countries wo n't change that . 
  stop being an idiot that ca n't read . 
  language is dynamic and even if it was n't , you 'd still be wrong . 
  thank fuck he did n't then . 
  no u, 
  i thought zach snyder 's point was trying to redeem a supposed hero who has hardly even tried * not * to flatten a megalopolis . 
  no , we were pretty chummy with japan . 
  it 's a car on a car . 
  what 's not to love ? 
  stop trying to make your alcoholism sound like a grand tale of exploration and discovery . 
  ca n't shoot yourself in the face out of loneliness when arsenal plays leicester . 
  you have to remember that journalists only post rumors if they think they can get away with it by either blaming someone else or by being able to afford the legal repercussions . 
  that makes me believe that either a ) their source turned out to be false , b ) bayern told them to post a retraction or they 'll lose their good standing with the team or c ) they do n't want to implicate their source so they retracted it themselves . 
  i do n't know which one seems most likely to me . 
  he said * second * best, 
   christoph columwurst, 
  to stay topical with the theme of german japanese friendship , maybe you 'll like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvwae-guvus ) . 
  italians are more used to praising keepers i guess . 
  maybe bitrate too high ? 
  i do n't know how streamable rendering works . 
  eben . 
  my dad 's a painter ( the paint a wall kind ) and he regularly cuts glass like this , i thought that 's just how people do this . 
  just makes it more useless . 
  [ dumme frage ] ( https://youtu.be/mgpmfkygu2k ), 
  that 's what people without responsibilities , like cleaning windows , do . 
  savages . 
  massage me, 
  if you do n't get puns on / r/soccer you 're shit out of luck , mate . 
  anarchie in der brd, 
  there 's like three valve employees at the event . 
  what are the odds that his best friend will see james first ? 
  to be fair , tah was already undersold for 7,5 m $ in my opinion . 
  that 's something a # 5 league supporter would say . 
  have you tried `` i was just joking '' ? 
  nah , just a continuation of your joke . 
  fwiw , i agree with you . 
  yeah i kind of want to kill and skin a kangaroo now . 
  only time i see germany popping up and the downside are tourists . 
  the pride is back poland cover your anus, 
  dillusional *, 
  to work or to party ? 
  it 's like war & peace set in an 80s spy action flick seemingly made by someone who has never read war & peace or seen an 80s spy action flick . 
  or in case of the pacman one , the exact same format . 
  i 'm under the impression that the difference is that all black americans are african americans , but asians see themselves often as japanese american , chinese american or filipino american . 
  but to a * much * smaller scale compared to the asian community i 'd wager . 
  especially given the historical hostility between those countries compared to african and caribbean ones . 
  my post is about self-identification . 
  of course that cultural identity varies from place to place , but there 's a reason every major city has a china town and a korean town but i 've never heard of angola town or kenya town . 
  yeah and you have plenty of white people that identify as irish on some level but in the end they 're just white . 
  you 're needlessly obfuscating a topic i 've deliberately oversimplified . 
  that is exactly what i meant to say with my comment . 
  there is , by and large , no cultural disparity between their american lifestyle and that of their home country that is simultaneously lived . 
  fuck that , i want liquid to win , not die of frostbite . 
  my oh my , a three leveled joke . 
  so you 're saying you 're willing to work for way below your deserved pay ? 
  of course they lost to mans , bayern are n't allowed to play against womans . 
  kumail is no europe, 
  apparently the monk was -2 minutes old . 
  because that 's what international soccer needs . 
  more marketing . 
  yes , you get points for each of those and if you have enough points you can do a super shot that always hits . 
  yeah , remind us of the days it took the entire world to stop our greatgrandfathers . 
  pisses us right off . 
  next thing you 're telling us is the gas mileage of our cars is n't manly enough . 
  what a bummer . 
  like the anti-imperialist wall east germany had ? 
  then who was major ?
