  part of the reason ribery did n't fancy playing under pep i think was that he could n't play his usual fast dribbling game . 
  i do n't think it 's too far fetched to assume he would prefer players with a better link-up play in the final third . 
  yes plenty do . 
  after all , it 's summer break in germany and everyone knows where germans are that time of year . 
  would n't wan na be the one prof to fuck that up for an nfl player . 
  do you only watch athletes do things ? 
  that 's not what i mean . 
  what i wonder is if the only entertainment you consume is sports . 
  do you not understand why people watch jeopardy or any other form of competition that is not athletic ? 
  but noone claims it is ? 
  [ school of life ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/uc7icji8puf5z3zkxnzvtbog ) ist im moment einer meiner lieblinge . 
  as has been foretold by the great buddha . 
  kevin hart and his movies are n't very funny . 
   you ca n't deny, 
  how does that make his comment subjective ? 
  i was just pointing out that i can deny it . 
  not if you purify your northshire . 
  that looks like pes5 . 
  why do the olympics always have notoriously ugly overlays ? 
  that 's like mixing up the godfather and happy gilmore . 
  it 's a real perfect photoshop though . 
  nintendo should get into the used 90s tv market so they can make money off smash . 
   in july 2000 , stevens was arrested and charged with rape . 
  uw athletic director barbara hedges told news media that uw would investigate sexual battery charges ; but the university did not . 
  king county prosecutor norm maleng 's office `` agreed to give crucial police evidence -- the victim and witness statements -- to stevens ' lawyers before the interview . '', 
  this was directly contrary to standard police procedure , and the seattle police did not agree to release those statements . 
  despite dna evidence , maleng 's office declined to prosecute . 
  lmao, 
  makes you wonder why football players do n't just go around raping people all day long if that 's how the system works . 
  or being a level-headed person in general . 
  just for comparison : i 've beaten up 100 % fewer people than a supposed famous role model . 
  this will just lead them down the dark road towards diving and evading taxes . 
  not so much in the top 1 % . 
  if almost all women are weeded out by disinterest towards esports , networking abilities and gender segregation , the rest is done by the aforementioned physical differences . 
  what i 'm essentially saying is that the best female cs players do n't play cs at the moment . 
  ee was in this ? 
  more creativity , duh . 
  and they 're shite in the grand scheme of international football , what 's your point ? 
  [ almost ] ( http://www.transfermarkt.co.uk/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2486831 ) , though . 
  is n't it just american sports ( nba , nfl , mlb ) that * do n't * have unique trophies ( apart from sports that are niche in their respective countries ) ? 
  why what happened ? 
  my opa says nothing happened . 
  everything was good . 
  fun times . 
  beach party . 
  i think you mean austrian . 
  the austrians were always a bit fucky . 
  also dragged is into the first international kerfuffle by having their prince getting a little boo-boo . 
   using a magazine to masturbate, 
  nice to see some input from someone who has actually been in the war, 
  since marvel/disney have the mcu figured for the next ten years already , i think they 'll try to diversify the actual movies a bit . 
  the winter soldier was already more of a spy action thriller than a regular superhero film . 
  avengers was the first movie to have a really exceptional superstar cast which carried its success . 
  gotg was the first to combine comedy , superheroes and a distinct gunn voice . 
  other than the first iron man which elevated the quality of superhero movies as a genre those three are the cornerstones so far and are very distinct i think . 
  they will have to try new things and treat the superheroes more of a backdrop to a unique story rather than rely on star power or brand recognition . 
  yes and no . 
  of course they are somewhat predictable mostly because they are based on the most popular comic storylines , and partly because the heroes have to survive to remain available for the next movies . 
  but firstly i do n't think they 're all the same plot-wise . 
  civil war for example had the good guys fighting good guys as the central plot while the big bad was sidelined . 
  furthermore , if you just look at the hero 's journey in most films they 're predictable . 
  i can hardly think of a movie of recent times that truly surprised me . 
  secondly , the highlight so far has always been the characters , but that is starting to stale a bit , that 's why i agree a more varied approach to the upcoming movies and their themes . 
  i also agree that there are really forgettable movies in between the better ones ( ant man vs winter soldier ) because they follow the classic superhero journey more closely . 
  i enjoy the movies for now because they are well written and executed , summer action flicks with an amazingly fitting cast that are n't at the same time mind numbingly dumb , loud and obnoxious a la transformers . 
  i 'm glad we have a series of movies that have the scale but not the cognitive simplicity of a roland emmerich blockbuster . 
  when did we last have really big movies that are n't a big lackluster in hindsight ? 
  of course we have people like nolan , but even he got his big break with a superhero movie . 
  what 's wrong with his faaaaaayyyyce ? 
  then who was birthday boy, 
  call bs on what ? 
  that they aired it like this ? 
  then how did i take [ this picture ] ( http://imgur.com/excg2ff ) ? 
  e : it 's also not a fifa tournament , and the ioc country code for nigeria is ngr . 
  is that the one with the olympics ? 
  can confirm , tried to impregnate many of their chocolate bars . 
  no it 's called that because that 's how long it took for us to invade poland . 
  i can mostly speak for the german players , but if those guys are who we are dealing with for the next ten years i 'm super excited . 
  klostermann had pace and stamina for ages and might fix our defense problem with a bit more experience . 
  s\u00fcle has shown himself well composed throughout the match and could be a solid third center back for the a team at just 20 years old . 
  and if this tournament did n't put gnabry on the map to give him some more playing time in whatever league he plays in this year i do n't know what will . 
  i would have loved to see some more of the goretzka & meyer combo but it was n't to be unfortunately . 
  selke did n't convince me at all though so it seems like we 're still having to work at finding a proper striker . 
  brazil scored 7 . 
  got us good this time . 
  next time they 'll win 5-0 and then we 're finally even . 
  reminds me of the italy - germany shootout at the euros where buffon dove correctly more often than neuer but the latter still had more saves . 
  was going for the same thing with horn too . 
  i do n't remember where or why but i recently saw a tv show where a black german explained how she used to look towards black american culture until she grew older and realized they have nothing in common with her . 
  i do n't understand how some people do n't realize that just because you look a certain way does n't mean you even belong to a certain culture . 
  but that seems to be a primarily us mindset . 
  is it just me or does nate 's face seem to bust way more easily than others ' ? 
  i feel like they traded blows way more evenly than his face suggests . 
  i thought it was a direct copy of the american stream ? 
  plenty of fs1 ads on it . 
  or does the uk have fs1 too ? 
  yeah sure , and i even missed the message , i just thought both streams would 've had the same message . 
  that they 're not going to air ads for a detroit car dealership in the uk is pretty obvious . 
  nothing has ever looked good in minion yellow . 
  and very often they do heavy editorializing or straight up lie .
