  especially now that we have rb leipzig to show that you 're not actually the worst people in the world . 
  e : i also do n't want math threads , i 'm here for the soccer . 
  or do you mean the math threads that calculate how dortmund would have won the bundesliga if they had a similar start last year ? 
  and still be the # 1 super sub . 
  do you have any examples ? 
  i 'm fascinated by commentators butchering names since the grafite/grafitch debacle in wolfsburg 's winning season . 
  but djourou was in arsenal, 
  i think you mean he 'd bring a literal gun to the pitch . 
  i 'll give you an upvote but only because you must 've been sitting on this piece of trivia forever waiting for this exact moment . 
  i 'll just assume `` frankie vs. 
  the rowdy romans '' is a recollection of the 2008 champions league match , and `` frankies new york adventure '' is actually a retelling of his transfer . 
  i do n't know what `` the great santa race '' is about , but it 's probably white supremacy . 
  so landis sucked his way to the top or what, 
  `` in other news : ncaa player ready to play for heat , says ncaa player '', 
  in the grand scheme we 're a pretty good subreddit . 
  close to no memey shitposts ( bar the comments ) , most everyone is civil , we acknowledge and praise the people that put in an effort etc. 
  overall it 's a lot like the conversations i have with my friends about soccer . 
  most of this can be said about pretty much all sport subreddits though , but it 's still heaps above the non-niche subreddits . 
  i enjoy jazz generally , but since i had a roommate that studied jazz drums at university i realized the kind of jazz he likes and that i like were vastly different , simply because he could see the prowess of the musicians better than i could . 
  ca n't write proper german, 
  100 % bavarian confirmed, 
  since you 're fishing so hard : happy birthday !, 
  to be fair , fedor is the russianest a russian can be . 
  most chaebols are , really . 
  i can tell you right now : all , noone , nothing . 
  he says that 's what people perceive to be the right way even though it 's not , according to him . 
  just to be clear , i do n't agree with him , but the context of the video must 've given him the impression . 
  obviously , one has lightning fast reflexes and the other takes two weeks to respond to a comment . 
  leave it to red bull fans to ruin everything . 
  it 's not like he can go out and say `` turns out david luiz is a bit of a curly turdhead when thiago silva is n't around to tell him what to do '', 
  did you just post your own blog posts to validate your opinion, 
  did n't help that it aired on a bumfuck tv channel that noone ever heard of . 
  it 's weird , a good portion of our/my age seems to know giga , but i ca n't imagine them having a good viewership at all . 
  if the police is this aggressive , olympiakos ca n't reliably provide safety to away fans and therefore should n't host either the matches or the fans . 
  something something a cock seeing a cock . 
  did n't union berlin do that too ? 
  the football manager devs . 
  i know you 're baiting but still want to correct you . 
  at least \u00d6zil looks young and well groomed . 
  rooney looks like a 40 year old toddler with skin made of that layer that 's on top of milk if you leave it out for too long . 
  i think you are lying , you are actually 31 and chiellini . 
  pique still has to settle for women 10 years older than him . 
  we like to call them 3 time consecutive world cup walkovers , but us germans are very technical in that regard . 
  licky fouls are even worse . 
  [ ba is forever a legend for this as far as i 'm concerned . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9dd1otwfn0 ), 
  i do n't know , if the objective was to create a mascot that fits an evil international pharma company , they did a bang-on job . 
   he he he, 
  i 'd love him even more . 
  even lineker would n't do that . 
  soccer commentary is the epitome of an old boys ' club . 
  90 % of the regular commentators you hear for big matches are garbage ( i do n't watch sky regularly , they might have a few decent ones ) , and the problem persists at the public channels for cl and nt matches as well . 
  but from what i 'm seeing on here all the time , most countries do n't have it much better . 
  that 's why he 's not returning to coaching . 
  matze knop shows up as him in the public every now and again to maintain the illusion that klopp has n't actually been sacrificed . 
  i think it 's short for public lobby in fifa, 
  wenger wo n't get it to work in the first place . 
  and mourinho will sub out player 80 for player 085 just for mind games and bantz . 
  and they did , that 's why he needs to , too . 
  he 's putting the ronaldo in ronaldo . 
  did raul play against 4 + europa league contenders + a very formidable atletico madrid ? 
  i 'd say the competition of la liga is a lot better now than they used to be at raul 's prime . 
  i was so shocked at the insinuation my dick almost fell out of boyfriend 's mouth . 
  all while looking like a drug cartel enforcer . 
  i think it 's because when most of us walk into a pub full of women our crippling social anxiety would send us into a spiralling vortex of panic attacks . 
  he did n't say trickster though . 
  zouma deliberately said ` cheat ' although trickster would 've been a more direct translation . 
  i have no idea where you are coming from . 
  it means snow in inuit . 
  what a turd, 
  and the most overlooked compared to his quality i feel . 
  i 'd wager because 1-3 is failure anyway so it 's equal to 4 ? 
  have n't seen it either . 
  only a couple million accounts left to go . 
  it 's indonesian though . 
  prawn man barely looked like a person in that movie and more like a wax figure from tussaud 's . 
   and `` he 's a jackass '' is n't libelous because it 's just name calling , not a real factual statement . 
  only if he 's a convicted donkeybutt . 
  no offense , but i 'm laughing more at her dumb face than the penis picture . 
  the thing is that when people talk about the romani they mean a cultural identity and not a romani nationality . 
  since he does n't appear to subscribe to that identity he is seen as a member of his actual nationality rather than his nomadic ancestry . 
  it would be a lot more similar to the jewish identity ( i.e culture without nation ) if that one was n't so in line with general western culture . 
  romani has kind of become a slur for romani in a sense , in the way that some people say `` he 's such a jew '' when a jewish person is being cheap . 
  romani have citizenships , and there is no romani country , so could blend in very well if they want . 
  so the media and the people call out romani for doing stereotypical romani things , while the rest is swept under the rug . 
  i explained it a bit here : https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3mheds/slug/cvfioyj, 
  well , i 'm a 6 ' 3 '' male that cuts more than you on that amount than you . 
  well scienced, 
  this is how i fuck, 
  i 'll grant them that there are fat people with pretty faces , but she does n't even have that . 
  nah , nothing happened here for like the last hundred years . 
  nothing . 
  calm your tits , stefan . 
  which war, 
  beach party everywhere . 
  good times . 
  sunshines . 
  go to syria, 
  brown eye in a triangle , it 's the illumibutti . 
  1860 has been in the second division since 2004 though .
