  whatever keeps you quiet for a while . 
  they 're german . 
  it probably took a week to plan at home and 2 minutes to execute . 
  you do that in germany and all the fees etc add up to the same amount i 'd wager . 
  yes . 
  planning and execution always takes a week , regardless of how big the task is . 
  put a brick wall in a train ? 
  a week . 
  fill out a simple form at any government agency ? 
  a week . 
  a week . 
  that 's why you go to berlin . 
  the chance of meeting german tourists is practically zero . 
  devils advocate : if we go beyond the past the last 100 years it 's probably versailles or london . 
  here 's one for you nycfc :, 
  * we have no stadium ,, 
  we have no style ,, 
  we just have money on a pile *, 
  or how about, 
  * money from dubai ,, 
  colors from city ,, 
  who could imagine, 
  soccer so shitty *, 
  e : another one, 
  * we are the capital of the world but we take our capital from the worst , we have no soul we have no pride , we 'll turn lampard into shite *, 
  only player to cut before a match . 
  because it 's the only angle i could think of from which new york is n't the most important city in the western world . 
  only if you add more ol\u00e9 's , reference the lack of history of your club and proudly proclaim how you 've been to europe once so you know everything about soccer culture . 
  you could try asking a coherent question first . 
  i 'll just assume dread 's mom is on reddit . 
  do n't you have to have an identity to have rivals ? 
  the entire point is to teach kids that sex is something that should be dealt with responsibly and and honestly . 
  sending them home with the info to figure it out for themselves but no guidance might be the dumbest fix to the problem . 
  running a hd health test atm . 
  i hope that 's all it is . 
  and religion . 
  goddammit , i 'm not . 
  who the fuck is bill calling ? 
  sports teams usually send their players to media coaching . 
  of all esports teams i 'd suspect eg/alliance to be the first ones to do that too . 
  better let zai draft the words from now on . 
  you do n't get fat from moderation though . 
  so you 're saying he 's a pakistani . 
  that 's what he 's saying . 
  they expend something with the value of $ 1200 to convince him . 
  which is still extremely little in the grand scheme of things . 
  we won the world cup last year and practically run the eu . 
  that 's all we ever asked for . 
  ftfy, 
  it was more in reference to the fact that the violence was at least in part caused by the question of whether or not northern ireland was part of the uk or not . 
  not once is the exchange of money mentioned in the article , and it 's obvious that the $ 1200 refer to the price of the hooker to anyone who can read . 
  `` answers that sound like jeopardy but upon closer inspection really are n't '' for 100, 
  because shit ai n't dark when you trying to sleep in the middle of the day you fool . 
  `` a 4 inch plastic shank , 4 ounces of toilet wine , a reach around from tranny danny . '', 
  `` what a bag of coffee worth in prison ? '', 
  but you have to say one of them incorrectly . 
  no , i 'm brian . 
  guess so , ask kevin . 
  shut up , josh . 
  but it 's okay , the tree donated its wood to a dying lawn chair . 
  we all want to be nestled in the softness of kuro 's . 
  cultural thing confirmed then . 
  i 'm curious , where have you heard the name without it being pronounced correctly ? 
  example ? 
  stripper hella expensive for a half hour though . 
  does n't matter let 's not be politically correct ? 
  omg mayweathers talent + klitschkos intelligence  ali , dude, 
  do n't unmarried , childless people usually have higher tax rates ? 
  because minimum wage jobs are piss easy . 
  i 'd wager that if teenagers actually got the same livable wage that adults get , it would be a lot more tempting to drop out earlier . 
  it 's the same kind of social engineering i guess . 
  6 ) asparagus pickers in germany, 
  i do n't see how getting lewandowski on a free is not efficient . 
  that 's a hamily . 
  that 's a much easier way to spell mannequin . 
  that was not the nsfw aftermath i was hoping for . 
  most pauli fans do n't even live in their own houses . 
   if he can be properly led by thiago silva . 
  cue world cup match against germany . 
  exactly , he did n't , and luis looked like a fish out of water . 
  `` pretend that you 're attacked by two dragons and you have to stab them and drink their blood to survive '', 
  yeah one dildo ca n't do basic math and that 's why 9 decks is dangerously close to too many for this supposed preschool community . 
  those words make total sense to me , and i understand the implication . 
  that man can collect other people 's ideas and make them their own , and his range goes from terrifyingly sinister ( pan 's labyrinth ) to heartfelt popcorn movie ( pacific rim ) and something in between ( hellboy ) . 
  he knows to value other people 's ip as well as understand the importance of the audience 's fandom . 
  he is meticulous about visuals and choreography but does n't ignore character arcs ( like bay does ) . 
  [ that 's the joke though !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/7vhnwfu9y50 ), 
  we use all kinds of heating systems , it just depends on where you live . 
  one of my very few gripes with edge of tomorrow . 
  tom cruise hitting on that hardened veteran over and over and always failing was a subtle and entertaining comic relief until she went `` let 's push faces together '' in the end . 
  had norton and pitt started fucking in that movie i 'd have thought `` palahniuk wrote this , right ? 
  makes sense then . '', 
  it means both genders and sexes can use either toilet regardless of label in the eyes of the law . 
  the problem is that it * is * easier to wear 3x and complain about fat acceptance in this day and age . 
  first pair of shorts : size 28 . 
  either i do n't understand woman 's sizes or tess does n't know numbers . 
  she 's so fucking lucky that her fat somehow manages to avoid her face compared to the rest of her body , it is practically the basis of her career . 
  the work is n't done here . 
  you need to cross-reference this list with movies sean bean survived .
