  we have young dudes traveling all over the world every month , it would be cool if the tournaments reflected that a bit more , like formula 1 etc. 
  ramos anyone ? 
  hell , beckham 's been how long ago ? 
  we will rebuild the atlantikwall and the fish will pay for it, 
  give the family the option to waive their payments in favor of an anti drunk driving charity . 
  easy . 
  the thing is that it is so much harder to make a movie that has the quality and reach to be considered the best . 
  some of the best albums have been made in a week with a dozen people in a dingy recording room , while movies go through numerous writers , producers , actors , cutters etc. , all of which have to be good at their job to make a great movie . 
  you just call your penis aliens because no one has ever made contact and some of the smartest people in the world doubt its existence, 
  thing is in iceland you can ask a school class and it 'll be statistically representative . 
  not only that , but there are only 100k kids from ages 0-25 . 
  you basically ask around a school , you 've already got 0.5-1 % of the total youth population . 
  well , yeah , but one third of icelanders live in reykjavik , 97 % of them are native icelanders , and around 90 % are at least nominally christian . 
  iceland in general is n't the most diverse place . 
  and 600 $ aud spent, 
  stop acting like aud is real money . 
  i think you grossly overestimate how important this is . 
  oh could n't tell great joke then, 
  at least many , if not most european rivalries have some sort of political , ethnic or ideological background , this is just foreign money from 10 years ago against foreign money from 2 years ago . 
  this is a red brick at best, 
  i do n't know if you do n't know how to spell bundesliga or if you left it out because we germans are always level-headed and realistic about our ambitions . 
  where are you from ? 
  because it sure as hell ai n't germany . 
  well , we tried to give you plenty of advice on how to figure out a megalomaniacal narcissist but you would n't listen \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  now i kinda want to see a legend wc . 
  told you , the german league has the best players \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  not trolling per se , just a simple joke on the time frame he scored most of his goals . 
  i made it my mission to only recruit players 22 and under ( with a few exceptions ) or ya players . 
  the exceptions are former ya players i bought back , and pogba which i got when roth left for juventus , mostly out of spite and because i had the money . 
  there are almost always exceptions for people of public interest in most european countries . 
  oh sorry , had n't had the time to read up on the full story of the images , my comment was more of a general statement . 
  but given that foley 's importance ( as a person , not his body of work ) to the wider public were his issues with the libyan and syrian governments , followed by his death , i 'd say he did n't willingly sign up to be a person of public interest , especially not in france ( his name was hardly mentioned in headlines here in germany ) . 
  regardless of that , the problem of the images were the graphic nature , not personality rights . 
  the real crux to me is that a potential future premier legislator is either ignorant of or disrespectful towards the law of the land . 
  to be fair , trump does n't * have * to be stupid this publicly . 
  hast du bei den pro-subs auch altright , european , uncensorednews , conspiracy , etc. 
  you know being shit is always a bit the fault of shit people and people who vote for shit people , not just those that let shit people pass ? 
  not really . 
  it 's a lot of big dudes crashing into each other for an hour and getting upset every now and again because the opponent did n't crash into them correctly . 
  and right now i 'm watching my rival team in hopes they get their assess beaten . 
  you would be correct, 
  you would be correct, 
  aus dem link [ 2 ] : ` only men are conscripts . 
  women with education from the armed forces , or who complete volunteer national service , undertake official service equal to the men 's compulsory military service . ', 
  pfft schleswig is basically bavaria as far as i 'm concerned . 
  i think what he 's saying is that the crowd of people saying `` why do n't these idiot devs just do x , y and z '' is rather big in video games . 
  with your translation skills you are officially invited to / r/de, 
  that 's why both bayern and the rest of germany want bayern out of germany . 
  if you destroy both a phone and a hard drive at the same time , i 'm sure a box of negatives wo n't survive either . 
  latin in school saved me from semesters of it in university when i wanted to study english and history . 
  yes and no . 
  i think it 's still easier to learn another language than having learned neither , and especially latin helps with understanding how languages in general work because it 's generally so theoretical and syntax-heavy . 
  it should be obvious that latin is more of an academic language and as that it does it 's job well educationally . 
  case in point : merkel, 
  und den eurovision song contest . 
  no no , he 's german , which means he 's a qualified expat . 
  you 'll never be truly german if you do n't have a fliesentisch . 
  if you want headlines , you go for m\u00fcller obviously . 
  him and hummels are probably the ones you get the fewest cookie-cutter responses from . 
  88th minute from the first leg against arsenal i think , but i 'm not sure, 
  too bad that 's only five players , and the other half of the team is filled with the egos of former players . 
  '' ... eventually '', 
  aww shit i should have gone to math class at least once, 
  how am i supposed to know , i ca n't count, 
   `` your parents are cousins '', 
  i do n't think they 're trying to explain anything to you , darling . 
  pulisic is a croatian name though . 
  if there is any pendant to pasha in soccer it 's akinfenwa ( because they 're both black ), 
  the idea that players like pranjic , lell or ottl got playing time for bayern seems so weird to me now . 
  given how vague the question is , i 'd say you are right . 
  pyramids are just three triangles in a square coat . 
  there are people currently in europe that do n't care about the syrian war at this moment ? 
  there was also tenure at dab university for him to look forward to in manchester . 
  bayern had shit loads of money for a long time ( compared to other clubs ) . 
  it 's more about aiming higher than back-to-back bundesliga wins and moving up in the champions league as well . 
  good to see klaas is finding purpose in politics now that he 's quitting circus halligalli . 
  that 's what it wants you to believe, 
  well they did remain slightly above mediocrity . 
  richard lewis made a brief ( conspiracy ) video on how this might all be a ploy from maker to trim their fat by kicking pdp out of his contract without having to pay him severance . 
  those are n't the german trains that carried the jews , just fyi, 
  or leader of a weak state . 
  either way it 's apt . 
  it 's probably my german bias but she looks like she either went hard on his ass or she realized he does n't know what the fuck he 's doing and has given up talking to him . 
  there 's plenty of jokes about her appearance . 
  the thing is though , that jokes and actual reverance for her political prowess do n't interfere . 
  and putin speaks german , since he was a kgb agent in dresden . 
  why would they invite the whole of namibia to my bedroom wtf, 
  is ok dont worry, 
  maybe you can sneak in your rafinha for theirs , too . 
  ayy sneaky stevie going for the cock and balls in this one, 
  stadiums are always more expensive and this is n't the netherlands , our economy is n't built on fried foods . 
  am i having a stroke or is that trochowski ? 
  agenda 3015, 
  das ganze spektrum von trump , le pen , petry , orban , wilders , etc. 
  i 'll put that in my folder of people i completely forgot they ever palyed for the n11 . 
  i know , but i do n't see how that 's relevant . 
  that picture is from the n11 , and years after he was at bayern . 
  yes , but you have to keep in mind that sometimes the constituency is pretty reactionary . 
  that 's how we went full ` no more nuclear power '' after fukushima , simply because the green party skyrocketed in polls . 
  a bit more revision would have done well in that situation .
