  \\ # 11 you know who does n't recycle ? 
  * the french * . 
  ` nuff said . 
  \\ # 12 that 's why we only show it once a year when everybody is drunk anyway . 
  the german channels bought rights to that movie 50 years ago and are still getting value out of it , that 's efficiency for you . 
  \\ # 13 that 's a bold statement coming from a country that made dog food into a billion dollar industry . 
  we take pride having different tastes from our dogs . 
  * i 'm lovin ' it *, 
  \\ # 14 given that europe and with it most of our military partners hang on our teet i 'm pretty sure trying to kill all germans is actually the best way to start ww3 . 
  you 've just been german 'd . 
  apply bratwurst to the burnt area . 
  do not pass go , do not collect 200 reichsmark . 
  \\ # 1 that would only upset people who are too old to chase you . 
  \\ # 2 low hanging fruit , really . 
  \\ # 3 most would agree . 
  \\ # 4 that 's why your smartest people use metric for their jobs . 
  \\ # 5 that 's not an insult , it 's a great joke in and of itself . 
  \\ # 6 i 'll remind you of that when your american manufactured toyotas run you into a brick wall because the brakes are faulty . 
  only because you know that if germans had pride , you could n't talk smack on your car in your * own * country . 
  that would be considered more of an admission of your unhealthy relationship with urine than an actual insult . 
  i think at this point in time you 'd fare best to say something against islam or immigrants if you wanted to incite a lot of people fast . 
  mostly just because it 's such a hot button topic right now . 
  he really labeouf 'd this one . 
  he is . 
  ribery came from om and was probably a bit under the radar despite the 25m tag on him as far as i can tell . 
  robben was mostly second choice at real and was n't even a steal at 30m . 
  they probably signed him because they knew m\u00fcller-wohlfahrt could patch him up better than others and help him get on form . 
  boateng was still young and did n't really get a chance at city . 
  their other good signings are more recent and easier explainable . 
  i think the big factor for bayern 's squad is that they usually make one bigger , expensive signing a year and then take care of their players so well that they do n't want to leave . 
  mandzukic is the only player i can think of in the past couple of years who left on his demand while in the first squad , and even that departure was overshadowed by the signing of lewandowski , and then there 's kroos who is an actual outlier . 
  it would be `` die . '', 
  * simpsons did it * . 
  they used to wear glasses back then too , as far as i know . 
  but the feeling has changed in the sense that the most desirable outcome is now for both to have a clean fight with no injuries , unless there 's a real feud going on . 
  i was pledging in a fencing frat for close to a year and i 've seen more than one of those injuries . 
  especially if it 's a grudge duel . 
  and was shut down by the other frats in the convent . 
  judging from the gear that we used , from chain mail shirts , leather gloves and blood stained overshirts that could easily be at least 50 years old , i do n't think that 's particularly true . 
  mensuren , or injuries caused by them could be reported to the police for assault , could n't they ? 
  making them somewhat illegal , too ? 
  like you said , half the burschenschaften left the db . 
  and burschenschaften are pretty much the worst offenders of what you mentioned , but then there are turnerschaften , corpsstudenten , etc , who are all a lot more liberal , but blanketed under the same moniker . 
  i also feel that the claim of sexism mostly stems from the fact that no girls are allowed , which a ) ignores mixed fraternities and sororities and b ) could be said about any small town soccer club . 
  ah okay , i thought so because it involves weapons that would n't be allowed outside of sports . 
  i know , i was a fux in a fencing turnerschaft for close to a year . 
  i was thinking more of regulatory bodies that are sanctioned than the athletic side of it . 
  i pledged for almost a year in a fraternity that purged almost their entire aktivitas a couple of years before due to them being obviously fascist , so it rubs me the wrong way to see how all fraternities are lumped together , especially by almost all astas which are supposed to represent all students . 
  i have met disgusting , racist frat boys in my time , almost all of which incidentally burschenschaftler , but seeing my own friends being almost libeled just by association is something i find wholly counterproductive to their message . 
  i do n't think that this is the health care obama wanted either , but the version that came out mangled by the political machinery . 
  this is also the reason i 'm scared that the same thing will happen to sanders . 
  permanent interim ceo apparently . 
  that 's fine by itself , some people do great things by being smart and efficient workers , but batting 1/3 really is n't impressive . 
  why does everyone expect me to know about american stuff like baseball , is it independence day or what ? 
  no , schalke somehow will , and they 'll fuck it up . 
  those three players are the main mouth pieces for the us team . 
  i get where you 're coming from . 
  another smartass that knows fuck all about the origin of the sports ' names . 
  germany only lost because we could n't use the hashtag #endsieg . 
  greed is feel , yes ? 
  i bet those vpn proxies had the time of their lives . 
  zero career goals , what a turd . 
   i looked at oscar pistorius and said , ` that 's my solution ' . '', 
  what 's batistuta 's wife got to do with any of this ? 
  i think ballack not being in the 2010 squad was beneficial to the team as a whole . 
  it took the focus of a single player and ballack himself was n't at his height himself anymore . 
  his stint at leverkusen was a big disappointment overall in my opinion . 
  should n't have shot his spouse i guess . 
  but hindsight is 20/20 . 
  i 'm saying 1 out of 3 in regards to smart , efficient and hard working . 
  efficiency , she turned reddit against herself damn quickly . 
  okay , you 're dinner now . 
  ... to little girls . 
  so you 're telling me i 'm not a 45 year old asian lady because i watch korean drama ? 
  valve hiring a competent pr person ? 
  next stop : half life 3, 
  diego was pretty hot shit back then . 
  bremen was a cl team at that time and diego their best player . 
  admittedly not as big as schweinsteiger , but certainly something to consider . 
  fedor ca n't be tipped . 
  either way one of these loudmouths gets beat up so we all win . 
  how do those american betting quotas work ? 
  like your example , what do i get with $ 100 on -130 ? 
  is n't it about top billing and not the alphabet ? 
  and way below his height . 
  not sure how good that deal actually is given his last season . 
  they leave the academies at 27 i heard . 
  and to be fair , sending a family to turkey does n't cost the world . 
  it 's the kind of money that gets swept in fees and running costs before it even sees a starving kid in africa or something . 
  and even still , as someone in this thread pointed out , it will get donated to charity and fenerbahce takes over the costs . 
  i flamed gerg before it was cool and i 'm banned from his twitter for that . 
  fuck gerg , really . 
  tell the silk road founder that . 
  so we fear fear like fear fears arthritis . 
  how u dirty sanchez with no poop, 
  sounds cool , will there be explosions and robots ? 
  the weight you gain when you overeat because you 're sad is called * trauerspeck * . 
  paraphrased : vidal agreed to sign with bayern , but changed his mind and quickly signed with juventus instead when leverkusen refused to let him go to bayern . 
  bayern accused him of breaking the oral contract , and rummenigge said some petty shit , some of which is `` i can only congratulate vidal for his decision . 
  i do n't want to have players like that at bayern m\u00fcnchen . '',
