  `` we do n't want to treat her any different from our african and cambodian children '', 
   constantinople, 
  fascinatingly topical . 
  most people , when they talk about those stereotypes , think of the ( albeit still diverse ) cultural entity of black , subsaharan africa , just like arabia is n't included . 
  cape town in particular seems a lot more afrikaans heavy and therefore culturally western . 
  yeah but all these cities are part of a country that was heavily influenced by the westernized rule of the apartheid regime . 
  south africa had a lot more and richer friends than any other ` african ' country . 
  i do n't feel south africa is particularly representative of the rest of the continent . 
   she said it weakens it . 
  that 's their excuse for * everything * , is n't it ? 
  big things are very often shitty . 
  that 's why football has hooligans where smaller sports do n't . 
  and he gets the butt . 
  you never got the butt . 
  it would hurt , she said . 
  it would be messy , she said . 
  it would weaken it , she said . 
  with all the slave labor we had going on in ww2 we have appeased ~ ~ the emperor ~ ~ blatter enough to be given the wc regularly at no charge . 
  if there 's casillas , piqu\u00e9 , iniesta , silva and fabregas playing against neuer , hummels , reus , g\u00f6tze and m\u00fcller in your backyard i 'm pretty sure you can do all the necessary gardening with your giant throbbing erection and your dangerously sharp nipples . 
  exactly . 
  weed out the bad ideas first . 
  you 've seen that freakonomics thing ? 
  looks like a gypsy dress to me . 
  like the english need another reason to hate the irish . 
  you know what 's really romantic ? 
  30 corpses floating in the river seine because of a bridge collapsing . 
  leave it to the chinese in 2012 . 
  `` island runny grassy ball sport but not rugby '', 
  i 'm so happy that budweiser will never get a foothold in mainland europe . 
  i 'm talking more about the issue with the czech budweiser . 
  as to why they will never get a foothold : because there 's already a czech brand of the same name , and as a result the american brand ca n't compete under the same name in european markets . 
  as to why i 'm happy : because of the practices mentioned above . 
  germany has been pretty good at not selling away their names , and i like it that way . 
  no shit , op asked for jokes we 've heard . 
  i think you ca n't issue the same case repeatedly to do that once you withdraw . 
  i do n't want to open pandoras box here , but is it just weird editing or an absurd coincidence that the only one realizing what 's going on is a dude ? 
  oh okay , i only watched that until halfway through . 
  this is n't an oppression problem , it 's an education/vocabulary problem . 
  i 'm sure all of the people in that video are aware of suffragettes and the fight for vote equality , they just did n't know what suffrage was . 
  i 've seen british women . 
  i could go from bristol to glasgow without getting off . 
  professional soccer player here . 
  actually sat like 30 feet away from him watching him play once . 
  kinda looks like me too , if i was a professional soccer player that is . 
  there 's also the classic `` my grandpa died in a concentration camp '' joke . 
  the players that are going to play for qatar in 2022 are almost all going to be mercenaries . 
  people that chose money over morals . 
  i have no commission or sympathy for them . 
  it 's either those bought foreigners that chose to profit from that system or qatari that lived all their lives in that system with no remorse . 
  fuck them either way . 
  other players do n't switch nationalities for money . 
  you take a job to earn money . 
  that 's fair . 
  but the redeeming factor of national teams is that they were historically less about money and actually more about glory . 
  those people that play for the qatari national squad have no glory . 
  they have sold themselves into a society they do n't belong to and never will and that does n't respect them . 
  accepting the system in exchange for money is what sent the world cup to qatar in the first place . 
  nearly everyone in the soccer community is upset by that , so maybe you should reconsider your viewpoint . 
  considering what they did with their handball team prior to that world cup i 'd be very surprised if they did n't . 
  10 of the 23 players on their wikipedia page are already naturalized/not born in qatar . 
  if you look at bigger teams which seem a bit more mixed like maybe france ( 3 out of 24 ) , germany ( 1 out of 20 ) or turkey ( 6 out of 21 , although most definitely already had a turkish passport ) . 
  the rate of naturalization in the national squad already is high , especially for such a homogenized society ( by which i mean the 12-15 % of the population that are actually qatari and eligible for naturalization ) . 
  samme with * her * , really . 
  she was n't even a person . 
  what rise of qatar ? 
  and yes , they have been naturalized a while ago , but not before they started playing soccer at a decent level . 
  i 'm not saying that qatar bought players because they get to host the world cup . 
  i 'm just saying that they bought players . 
  the time-line is irrelevant in that case . 
  barcelona for example acquires plenty of youth players too , but they do n't automatically become spanish citizens . 
  qatar does n't strike me as a country where black africans have a particularly good chance to get citizenship without a specific set of skills . 
  and most of the best players of these teams are not from spain . 
  we worked 70 years to have that said about us . 
  the biggest troll want robben . 
  he just convinced the referee that he was tripped . 
  fred convinced the world he is a professional soccer player . 
  39 goals this season , most scorer points . 
  second is our keeper with 24 assists . 
  you do know that the y in nagy is silent , right ? 
  of course it is . 
  just because something someone is doing is legal , the legality does n't absolve him of suspicion . 
  if i carried duct tape , rope and candy around a play ground it would be legal but i had no moral reason to expect not to be questioned by the police . 
  a ) you know this comparison is bullshit . 
  b ) right now the vote of 80 million germans are worth as much those of a couple thousand andorrans . 
  is that fair ? 
  c ) people with a certain expertise have and will always play a heavier role in politics than your average person . 
  here i sit fucking girls in the pussy all my life like a fucking idiot . 
  that pesky polish cultural imperialism !, 
  i found thx to be pretty conceptually interesting . 
  it was surprising to see such an artsy film be made by the person responsible for some of the most financially successful movie series of all time . 
  it 's angela . 
  johnny depp has played himself to the ground with choice in movie roles . 
  he gave such good and fitting performance in pirates of the caribbean that for many people and directors he was just that quirky dude . 
  he 's a talented actor whose one good role has spoiled the perception of him in other movies with uncomfortable weirdness , whereas nicolas cage 's many bad roles elevate every movie thereafter with a charming weirdness . 
  i 'm not a rock person but for some of the bands you mentioned it seems a lot like * seinfeld is n't funny * to me . 
  they were bands who did a certain something for the first time , and set a standard for a new mediocrity that other bands copied , and since you 've heard the copies a million times the originals are n't special anymore . 
  not to drown in hyperbole too much , but even ss death camp officers went home to their families at the end of the day . 
  people can be awfully good at separating private and professional lives given certain circumstances . 
  that 's what i mean . 
  these roles are all overshadowed by potc .
