  are you implying there are no germans in sv ? 
  it 's not that what was said is dumb , it 's what was said so inherently and continually misinformed that it hurt to read . 
  stop trying to redefine fascism you buffoon . 
  it was the name chosen for mussolini 's reign and that was nationalistic and anti-liberal in nature . 
  if you do n't know what the fuck you 're on about just do n't pretend you do . 
  literally the only good thing we got out of the third reich is the release from the ww1 reparations , which could have been achieved a million other ways . 
  what makes her a fascist though , liberal or otherwise ? 
  he 's the one that did n't salute at the hitler rally , really . 
  no you wo n't , up is down and down is up now . 
  you 'll probably lose an uneventful 0-0 . 
   dortmund clearly second best team, 
   still only 5th behind 3 dark horses, 
   boring league , i only care about bayern, 
  not enough jpeg really, 
  maybe per can squeeze in another year in bremen before going to hanover ? 
  which rb though, 
  you make it sound like anyone owes leipzig top flight soccer . 
  that argument would hold a lot more water if rostock , cottbus or vfb leipzig had n't made it to the bundesliga since the reunification . 
  i also do n't understand how it 's the western teams ' responsibility to teach easterners how to run their clubs . 
  us germans , we love our clubs . 
  not just soccer clubs , but also clubs for shooting , for dancing , for raising dachshunde , for anything really . 
  they 're entrenched into our society and we hold them very dearly . 
  that is part of the reason why the dfl imposed the 50 +1 rule , which you probably heard plenty about already . 
  the 50 +1 rule makes sure that every club is run more or less democratically , i.e. 
  voting on who the president is etc. 
  by giving members the majority share of votes . 
  bayern has around 270,000 of those eligible voting members , the most in the world . 
  hamburg , for example , has 76,000 . 
  rb leipzig has 14 , and all of them either work for red bull or rbl gmbh . 
  so they effectively shit on the basic rule that every other club , even leverkusen and wolfsburg and hoffenheim adheres by . 
  even worse , the rbl staff run their mouth about how k\u00fchne at hamburg is worse because he ( as a lifelong hsv fan ) gives money to the club and takes part in their transfer business . 
  to be fair , their academy appears to be great and their picks of staff seem to be competently made ( although it seemed just the same when hoffenheim got promoted ) . 
  but it 's their combination of arrogance and chuzpe that is just unbearable to many german soccer fans . 
  to quickly and more concisely answer your follow-up questions : 1 ) wolfsburg and leverkusen were founded as a club for and by factory workers , with the continued help from the companies over many decades . 
  2 ) rb made a transfer loss of 50m $ this season , which is the number one net spend in the bundesliga this season . 
  they also spent close to 100m $ in the last three transfer windows , which is definitely enough to build a bundesliga-capable club . 
  they just started doing it in the third division . 
  cottbus was in the bundesliga from 2006 until 2009 . 
  rostock was in the bundesliga until 2005 and then in 2007/08 again . 
  even vfb leipzig did n't get promoted until 1993 . 
  it does n't really matter how old i was in 1990 when i can read basic fucking tables . 
  was born in 90 , still do n't see the relevance . 
  must be my western german bias i suppose . 
  in what regard ? 
  cdu is still a center right party . 
  \\  tfw sarcastically depressing comments are your life , too, 
  just because you do n't have any use for it does n't mean someone else wants it, 
  well , he did record an album entirely about cover songs based on pizza , so something tells me he 's got a soft spot for dumb ideas . 
  i knew it !, 
  [ kpb got everything given to him from an early age !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvjmaxx6rd0 ), 
  e : the 90s sucked ass . 
  i think it 's different when you sign a pro contract at 18 that earns you more than your dad ever did . 
  especially if you 've never worked a day at a proper job before . 
  for me it 's gotten to the point for me where these kind of stories are actually interesting . 
  there 's this german documentary series called projekt profi featuring jonathan tah , sinan kurt and raif husic and it 's pretty humbling how much sacrifice and professionalism is required from these teenagers . 
   tits are life , ass is hometown, 
  japanese is so beautiful, 
  there is something else in cheeks rather than the tongue, 
  sports teams are generally laughably small compared to real businesses . 
  35m for a sports team is nothing to scoff at . 
  that 's like a second division european soccer team run by a 25 year old with global reach . 
  but they are migrants , at least as it had been reported . 
  eastern european though , so i do n't know if this sub really wants to know . 
  we do n't consider you latin, 
  channel , more literally translated broadcaster . 
  sold an academy grown right winger , rated 80 at 19 , for 29,5 m because he desperately wanted to leave . 
  he joined newcastle and is now 83 at 21 . 
  took the money , added some more and got embolo for 40m , who was rated 84 , has grown 2 points since and has a much better stat distribution . 
  i have a feeling that the game does n't recognize when your ticket holders are already at 100 % capacity . 
  i had the same with dresden where it just would n't go beyond 0 % . 
  i just do n't believe reported fees anymore . 
  especially since that 5m deal with a 10m buyback clause for halilovic to hamburg . 
  there has to be something else going on or that transfer does n't make any sense at all . 
  the difference is that the f500 average is 10m/year , which boils down to ~ 200k a week , in companies that are worth * far * more than arsenal or any other soccer club . 
  groko, 
  is harlem still that bad ? 
  like , would n't - go-as-a-tourist-bad ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecc54jtnx5i ), 
  zur renaissance in paris gab . 
  cottbus and rostock used to come and go , and the 2 . 
  bundesliga has two east german teams at the moment . 
  there 's also only one team from my state ( schleswig-holstein ) in the first three divisions . 
  it 's just natural that either richer or bigger cities provide more clubs , with a few exceptions here or there . 
  well , boris ' dad was already a politician and donald 's dad was already an economist . 
  them succeeding in the same field as their parents is like sending the son of a chef to culinary school and then being impressed by him knowing how to cook . 
  if you grow up in a certain ecosystem from the get go you 'll have the knowledge that puts you ahead of your peers , regardless of your personal talent . 
  if their fathers worked in completely disparate fields i 'd be way more impressed by their personal accomplishments . 
  they net spent 100m $ on players in the past 3 years . 
  that 's more than any other club in german football . 
  i was gon na say you 're like the suicide squad , but then i remembered that breno is n't around anymore to play el diablo . 
  let 's praise gnabry for cutting the blond out of his hair . 
  `` gr\u00fc\u00df gott ralf , you did good with hoffenheim , do you want to run a club in leipzig '', 
  `` okay '', 
  - fin, 
  he killed his family iirc because he ca n't control his powers . 
  e : his powers are fire , obviously . 
  yeah , that 's what i meant with * net * spend . 
  so am i getting this right , the growth is more or less static , but with training you basically trade physical stats for technical ones ? 
  i like reus and all , but i 'm not sure he really is the most marketable player they could have got .
