  country that still had that double tax system . 
  well , you do n't bring on schweinsteiger for counter attacks . 
  it was just a happy little accident . 
  nah ukraine played way better than russia . 
  qualitatively this was the best match in this ec so far , from both sides in my opinion . 
  some of the best chances were only stopped by the best defense . 
  ukraine had the right game plan , at least during the first half and reminded me a lot of france two years ago . 
  at least it 's better than our mps saying `` fighting is fun , go on comrades '', 
  `` no juan , it 's just an idiom '', 
  `` you 're an idiom ! '', 
  apparently those that are elected to represent the russian people think so , both in the fa and the government . 
  we ca n't ask everyone and neither can those russians who fight in french streets , but at the moment all that these people hear is that they 're doing a good job beating up tourists . 
  ha , spiderman in early 19th century england . 
  who is going to play mary jane austen though ? 
  i thought i heard that the particular thing about the icelandic people is that for centuries they had fairly little connection to the outside and fairly little to do in general to do so they spent a lot of time writing and reading which lead to an extremely high rate of literacy and now every fifth icelander is a published author or something . 
  sigthorsson lowkey kneeing bjarnasson in the balls . 
  at least another team to root for in a tournament with too many uninteresting teams . 
  what is it with you guys and germans/germany and your nt ? 
  gooooool, 
  that implies the exact opposite , or are you saying that they 've been so impressed with us for 60 years that they 're now starting to relate to us so closely ? 
  or when someone bets their house on the ponies ? 
  * cue kraftwerk soundtrack *, 
  den journalisten ? 
  three years ago i would have happily proposed dresden as an alternative . 
  it has a striving it community , and a decent university for your girlfriend . 
  it is beautiful in general , nice to spend a night out in and has a very progressive student body which gathers in the bar district . 
  it is also comparatively cheap to live in . 
  but i moved away a year and a half ago and since then the city apparently got really weird , with right-wing protests and everything . 
  the jewish community is small , but their synagogue is in a very prominent place and in the five years i lived there i never heard of any big problems , so i think that you 'd be fine if someone `` identifies '' you as an israeli . 
  eastern germany is portayed as a cess pool for neo-nazism , but the bigger cities have to be mostly excluded from that generalization . 
  kraftwerk was more in reference to the german origin of the term infobahn . 
  using that dick, 
  zordor what the fuck, 
  grammatikalisch eigentlich alles einwandfrei , aber inhaltlich erinnert es mich schon an `` they do n't think it be like it is , but it do '', 
  naked state is my favorite . 
  ** samba !, 
  i ca n't stop thinking about that initiation test scene from men in black when i think of messi , cristiano ronaldo and ronaldinho . 
  except , you know , actively defending and supporting former ss officers . 
  but he helped build the olympiastadion where the final was held , so there 's that . 
  but you 'd think he 'd try anything to be removed from the name `` albert speer , architect '', 
  have you checked if / u/wbasth is your daddy ? 
  i 'm starting to understand why liverpool fans were hoping for a new keeper . 
  i 'm 176cm and fat and people always think i 'm shorter , so i think your science checks out . 
  so can a pinky in an eye . 
  as long as hearing whatever the fuck trump says makes you check for the truth , there 's still hope for you . 
  and his name sounds like a delicious 19th century literary masterpiece . 
  the dude 's got it all . 
  ** triggered **, 
  my condolences . 
  krim , georgien , russland ? 
  roy hodgson said in the press conference that they accept their defeat , but still insist on playing the quarter finals . 
  yes my sson , you did . 
  to be fair , it 's not unlikely that two of the three are famous for something . 
  that 's because royalty is supposed to be impartial . 
  how can you pick your team based on their crest and not go for morecambe ? 
  they have a fucking shrimp for god 's sake . 
  their last names are taken over from their fathers , so it 's basically just their grandparents picking similar names for their kids . 
  which is n't too surprising given how restrictive naming regulations are in iceland . 
  that 's a wp . 
  i 'm browsing reddit at work right now you fuck nugget . 
   you 're, 
  well , it 's an important grammatical distinction in this case . 
  do n't want roy to sound more competent than he is now , do we ? 
  you can even wear goth pants and spike bracers without making it completely obvious if you 're being sarcastic or not . 
  especially oedipus ' mom, 
  i do n't know about delph , and i 'd agree with you on g\u00f6tze , but hummels i usually find pretty outspoken and honest ( if asked ) . 
  he 's not one to run to the media ( he lets his girlfriend do that ) , but he 's always been upfront about wanting to move back to bayern if given the chance . 
  that 's why he forgot to sub in motivated players . 
  i 'm rank 25 and 160 hours in . 
  are there bonuses for premade or something ? 
  the most savage on the internet . 
  goddamn right you are . 
  that 's why it was only about which team loses less . 
  `` berg '' -  `` b\u00e4g '' , `` verbrecher '' -  `` v\u00e4brecher '' etc. 
  or say it in a newspaper interview . 
  what are you people still watching soccer for, 
  i mean him being english . 
  soccer has ended for them . 
  and how do you dare call soccer shitty . 
  having had an american girlfriend , growing up on american movies , mostly . 
  to be fair , rinko kikuchi would be 100 % perfect for the role . 
  that 's why we invaded poland . 
  that 's numberwang !, 
  what 16 year old gets by with 3 quid a week, 
  if i can make it to 26 with no discernable qualities or effort , portugal can make it to the semis . 
  making it out as third in a group with hungary and iceland with their lineup is like me not getting run over by a car only because i never leave the house . 
  [ a lesson to be learned from dota ] ( https://i.imgur.com/u7ixbje.png ), 
  how can le mannschaft vive if the players are n't professional ? 
  i think the problem here is that there is no political discourse except about the one topic everyone talks about for three months and then moves on to the next . 
  [ so eins ? 
  a ticket for 5-6 matches a day , with food and premium seating will go for three days will go for way more than 300 . 
  e : f1 tickets ( fri-sun ) start at 460 $ . 
  no added value other than a basic seat in the main stand . 
  mai halt, 
  two things in life are inevitable : death . 
  as if brock belongs to any species in the first place . 
  he was waiting for fedor to tag in . 
  if a person like brock is allowed to fight , fill jbj with all sorts of ped for all i care . 
  if the juggernaut is fine to enter the octagon , so should the other genetic experiments from the marvel universe . 
  they repeat that until they can measure the erect penis length .
