  like i said before , if i 've already made the choice to ask you out it 'd be already somewhat serious to me , and you agreeing would imply the same sincerity ( unless stated otherwise ) . 
  i think the north american free trade agreement is worse, 
  but that 's bundesliga money . 
  that 's like , half of la liga money and one fifth of prem money . 
  more call-ups for the german nt than luca toni . 
  bayern is obviously mismanaged . 
  that 's double-winning christian schulz for you, 
  primarily because he does n't seem to bend over for money, 
  there seems to be a huge orthographic weakness around the word president in the trump camp . 
  then why did n't joe hart move the wall 20 cm left or right, 
  e : fwiw , i was sarcastically throwing shade at the people blaming hart for the goal in this thread, 
  what talking points are so different ? 
  i 'd go so far and say that in many respects some of the old republicans are worse than the afd . 
  they are , and that 's the sad part . 
  the majority of them is all `` family is one woman , one man under god , the rich do n't need to pay taxes , every man for himself '' - conservative . 
  some of the talking points that are non-negotiable here like universal health care is something they actively try to erode . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  the biggest , national ones are galeria kaufhof and karstadt . 
  probably hamburg , it 's a great place to party , lots to see and if you 're going there during the hamburger dom ( end of july till end of august ) you 'll also have your rollercoasters . 
  when do you plan on going ? 
  there are a lot of season-dependent things that come to mind . 
  sounds like you 're planning a school trip . 
  to be fair , who the fuck is lulic . 
  weird then that all notable charity rating sites rate the cf so highly . 
  if you 're a european citizen you 're not a non-eu citizen . 
  what made you think you were making valid point ? 
  okay , then let me ask a different question : what union are the usa a part of ? 
  i 've been checking your post history for two minutes and i ca n't tell if you 're a bad troll or just completely stupid . 
  you do n't seem to understand that ` the union ' is not a term that makes any legal difference . 
  the usa is a federal country like most any other country , except with a few more state rights . 
  i simply do n't understand why you 'd think the usa would be singled out by that law . 
  the interesting thing about your post history is that some comments are too benign for you to be a full time troll , so i 'm tempted to believe that the shit you write is your honest perception of the world . 
  i do n't know what the hell happened in the 90s . 
  it 's like every sports designer went `` make everything super huge '' `` okay boss . 
  shorts too ? '', 
  not the shorts '', 
  i do n't agree with pep elevating lahm at all . 
  he just moved a world-class left/right-back into central midfield . 
  due to that rafinha got more playing time , and with that came more potential to shine . 
  robben also played himself into the position he is in today the season before , so he probably would have made the same progress under any top coach . 
  1.5.2012 : npd-demo in weimar, 
  you forgot the two world wars . 
  i 'm starting to think you 're really neither british nor american . 
  you just have to take the a20 and drive it to the end ( preferably to the west ), 
  would n't you like to know . 
  see you later my friend, 
  given that they have copies of the original and an internet savvy son/daughter with a german mother , i do n't think it 's impossible at all . 
  the responsible standesamt should be easy to find . 
  why is this terrorism all of a sudden ? 
  if this was a turkish or russian attacker there would have been similar references to their leader . 
  next to the few people who genuinely ca n't discern between stereotype and reality , there 's a lot of commenters who feel able to make silly comments simply * because * they understand the distinction . 
  if the viewpoint that americans are all raping , violent monsters was held as seriously by as many political entities all around the world , many of these commenters would n't make the same jokes . 
  i think the bigger difference is that , in the major leagues americans generally have one team per metropolitan area . 
  rivalries exist over trophies and results , less so over territories . 
  territorial rivalries exist in college sports a lot more ( eg . 
  michigan state v u of m etc. 
  ) , which are also a lot more passionate . 
  in soccer , regional rivalries are also stronger , if you compare dortmund and schalke to dortmund and bayern , or manchester united and liverpool to manchester united and chelsea , or the clubs in rome , milan or the clubs within london . 
  one big difference is also that tickets in soccer are historically cheaper . 
  poorer people could go to matches and search for a sense of belonging at their respective clubs , go to a pub before with likeminded people . 
  with current nfl or mlb ticket prices , those people in america would n't go out on sunday noon if they want to watch their respective teams . 
  add to that the travel distances that comes with having 32 full pro teams in a country the size of america compared to 56 in 3 divisions in germany for example and it 's easy to see why it 's harder to build a passionate every-day following . 
   ice-t, 
  travelling with ice t ? 
  sign me up . 
  wieso denkst du bei james dean an brokeback mountain ? 
  was n't it ` negrito ' ? 
  which crosses from racist into funny territory for me . 
  have you considered that that 's the case because they 're minorities , meaning fewer in numbers , and therefore less democratically or physically powerful ? 
  if you want to stick to the sports analogy , it 's spotting someone points because their team is playing 4v11 . 
  given that they have to adhere to eu laws and ( probably ) additional german laws i guess you are as safe in germany as you are in most every other country . 
  and the fact that the gdr would n't stamp their own passports ? 
  please do n't perpetuate that name :(, 
  it 's become a derby of sorts over the past few years , but it 's not a `` classic . '', 
  a classic would be gladbach - bayern maybe , but not bvb - bayern . 
  call it the `` topspiel '' or something if you want to give it a german name , but if you call it something it 's not it reeks of tacky marketing ( like `` die mannschaft '' ) . 
  you might want to ask uli hoene\u00df . 
  sure his prison time was as lax as can be , but he still got some . 
  in that case you 'd be liable for tricking your friend into making false tax statements and and the other way around . 
  the danger of that would be poor people being paid by rich people to take the blame for their false statements . 
  yeah and then he was loaned to everton !, 
  as much as i would like to dresden back in the buli , i do n't think neither dortmund nor dresden wants to see more matches other than the occasional cup match . 
  i think the police has enough to do as it is . 
  hmm , it took two days to announce that the white police attacker in germany was [ an american on holiday ] ( https://www.thelocal.de/20170615/munich-shooter-was-american-on-holiday-in-europe-report ) . 
  `` so god wills , '' it 's the ` motto ' of the first crusaders and now alt-righters are repurposing it to when they are mean to muslims on the internet . 
  you have to keep in mind that renters ' rights and landlords ' rights are fairly balanced in germany . 
  if you pay him or her 6 months in advance , but you decide you want out or he wants you out immediately , for example he does n't repair that leaky valve or you are a nuisance to other renters , those months you paid ahead are useless to him and only mean more headache and paperwork , and for you it might mean you are out of 2-3 months rent for a while . 
  best is just to play by the rules ( pay rent each month and the agreed deposit ) . 
  if you look like a decent renter ( clean , with a job that pays enough ) offering to pay more wo n't help you get ahead , if anything it might even look a bit sketchy . 
  then i 'm sorry those people coopted that phrase . 
  oh , he 's playing the long con, 
  if you want to go literal with it , sure , but it 's rarely the best choice . 
  `` god wills ( it ) '' just sounds clumsy . 
  you 're not the only one who took latin classes , it 's just that some of us have interpretative capacities as well . 
  yeah he learned how to handle a gun in his kindergarten class in oberbayern . 
  then have your members fund it , do n't expect the state to fund your abolishing of the state . 
  just shows how little you know about anything we 're talking about . 
  germany is generally pretty comparable to nordic countries , but not quite the same . 
  at least it 's more humane than american prisons . 
  i also ca n't imagine that any of those still living have had the hardest of sentences for such a victimless crime .
