  the situation also is n't particularly bad . 
  we have civil partnerships and a high social tolerance towards homosexuality . 
  the biggest downside for homosexual couples is that they ca n't adopt , that said adoption rates are notoriously low in germany in the first place . 
  it could definitely be better , but it 's nothing that would rile up the masses and even for most of the gays i know it 's an afterthought at the moment . 
   oktoberfest, 
  [ o ] stfront, 
  niklas s\u00fcle too !, 
  he said he does n't have a turkish passport and therefore could n't even play for them , or if he did want to , he 'd have to give up his german one . 
  if there was a thread saying `` diego costa will stay in london '' and an arsenal fan comments `` good , finally a decent striker , thanks arsene '' then that 's a fucking joke because that 's how humans interact when they do n't want to be serious all the time you little salt boy, 
   tfw no hans sarpei, 
  that 's because ol' petey crouchey paid for them all for the rest of time , good lad he is, 
  lesson to be learned : do n't let your teams be memes, 
   violent mentalists, 
  now i 'm just picturing hooligan mediums, 
  \u00d6zil would have to learn a language first , though, 
  he looks like the leicester groundskeeper is his barber, 
  rudy is slowly becoming the player l\u00f6w saw him as when he first called him up . 
  if anything l\u00f6w called him up too early . 
  uber in berlin just sends you regular taxis as far as i know . 
  maybe the same for cologne , or maybe it was at a time when uber was still in limbo as far as their legality in germany was concerned . 
  maybe you 're just lying , 
  the english stole potatoes from the irish , the british stole everything from everywhere . 
  beep boop i am french girl meet me in riga for sexes, 
  max philipp , new signing from freiburg . 
  because in reality i 'm a grown man with a beer belly and moderate depression . 
  not good , i ate too much cheese and now i have the farts . 
  the magic 8-ball says no . 
  well , leverkusen was founded by and for bayer employees , vw funded vfl wolfsburg sorta to entertain their local workers . 
  sure , the bundesliga is absolutely and almost disgustingly capitalistic , but the aforementioned examples are n't really the same as selling a club to american or russian or saudi families or companies . 
  bayern is largely sponsored by german companies and their top staff is almost completely german and comprised of bayern ex-players . 
  they adhere to the 50 +1 rule which means the fans still have ( some ) democratic power over the club . 
  as does every other club in the buli , bar bayer , wolfsburg and ( due to loopholes ) rb leipzig . 
  long story short : sure , there 's a lot of money in the buli , but none of them have sold their souls quite like prem teams ( 1860 m\u00fcnchen did and look where they are now ) . 
  it belongs to everyone now that you were gracious enough to gift it to the world . 
  because they only dislike the religions that are brown . 
  he just said that his 2 bedroom apt is spacious , like people do in casual conversation, 
  i still ca n't get over the fact that obama was the perfect representative for america with a perfect family , charming as hell , handsome , humorous and well-spoken but some people hated him so much that they elected a person like trump right after . 
  yeah , for example we would n't capitalize meticulously . 
  tsk . 
  yeah , you ca n't propagate nazi ideology . 
  not like you ca n't talk about them or call other people nazis . 
  you fucking nazi . 
  yeah , i did n't mean his politics though , just a statesman . 
  no , capital letters are free , so we make good use of them . 
  but not too much because that would be considered lavish and presumptuous . 
  sounds like you want to defend nazis propagating nazi ideology . 
  you fucking nazi . 
   also , papadopolous is a psycho . 
  how would you expect robert z'dar 's son to grow up if not a psycho ? 
  if said ideology has been tested in the same country before and led to the biggest disaster in human history then yes . 
  lol, 
  in a thread about orthography ? 
  how would he dare . 
  still proud, 
  i will send potato for thanks, 
  [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/mykmwwnef3c?t=5s ), 
  i am german my dad potato engineer . 
  we send latvia potato too, 
  is the comic as fan-ficy as the premise makes it sound ? 
  the fuck you wan na look at a wall for, 
  give him a few more years and it 's pretty likely he 'll be considered that . 
  neither , he made sure he always had three men in the back . 
  what 's the purpose of singing ? 
  does everyone know you 're going to sing , have you been told to ? 
  are you sure you wo n't be seen as hogging the attention ? 
  do you want it to be a performance , or do you want others to join in ? 
  i know fuck all about corporate finances , but how is diluting shareholders legal , or possible ? 
  maybe i 'm just misunderstanding and this is more benign than i understand it to be , so please correct me if that 's what 's going on . 
  if esports contracts are still similar to when i was more active the team itself takes 20-40 % of the tournament winnings ( from high-paying tournaments , they did n't use to take anything from low 1000 $ s prizes ) . 
  i think the the general development goes from tournament winnings going to players , to high base salaries and a bigger cut going to the organization ( like soccer ) . 
  i might be awfully wrong on all of this , so take it with a grain of salt , it 's just what i think i remember . 
  my understanding is as follows : you have a lemonade stand and i have 100 $ worth of stock owning 20 % of your company . 
  your parents now dilute stock so that my 100 $ of initial investment only is 10 % of the stand and you tell me that i have to pay another 100 $ to get back to 20 % . 
  i have basically lost 10 % at the board 's whim . 
  how is that fair ? 
  or is it a gave misunderstanding on my part ? 
  the other one 's in denialson . 
  if dybala wanted better refs he should n't play in a bummy argentine league . 
  i never had a corporate job , but from what i 've learned from friends and family so far is that you 're probably having the wrong ideas as to what is going to be expected of you . 
  different cultures obviously have different work cultures , but from what i can tell german work culture is one of the laxer ones out there . 
  i 'm not quite sure if this is going to be a german office party or if you just have german colleagues , but if it 's the former , it should be pretty simple . 
  office parties generally occur simply for the staff to bond . 
  each department will probably group up with people they know from work , if one of the higher-ups is available to talk , feel free to network . 
  some light talk about work maybe , some basic personal stuff . 
  there is no real need to impress anyone , but it 's a good occasion to put yourself on the map ( not with grand gestures , just as a personable human being ) . 
  basic rules of social events apply . 
  if there 's food , eat , and if there 's drinks , drink . 
  just do n't be the first at the buffet or the drunkest . 
  many asian cultures demand special treatment of elders or bosses , but that should n't really happen here , as germany is n't quite so hierarchical . 
  if a higher-up offers you a drink , feel free to accept as you both know he makes more money ( depending on the person of course , but it 's not generally a faux pas ) . 
  do n't make an effort to stand out . 
  just have fun , it 's a party after all . 
  that 's what it was like when i was last active . 
  i had the impression that it changed since then . 
  oh shit , it 's mainz superstar bojan krkic !, 
  * that * makes him unlikable ? 
  i mean , that is another step up the asshole ladder but other than keeping me from falling asleep at my job a couple of time he has done nothing to make me feel sympathetic about him . 
  but it 's also the most ubiquitous energy drink . 
  in emergencies the devil eats flies , as we germans say . 
  it 's a sexy printer okay,
