  if you look at how brilliantly understated he played in edward scissorhands given the material or fear and loathing or most other movies before the early 2000s you can see a tonal shift in roles he chooses , how he plays them and what the people want to see if him . 
  i think we 're saying the exact same thing . 
  if you read my other comments you 'll see that i do n't think that it was his only good role , just the one that defined the rest of his career . 
  read my other replies . 
  that 's in my opinion why english poetry and song lyrics generally sound better . 
  it 's so much easier to hit beats and rhymes when all the words are brief . 
  ee cummings would have sounded like a twat in german . 
  i once showed my american ex girlfriend my brand new military hand shoes because calling them gloves makes no fucking sense . 
  i feel like german has a higher overall ceiling for lyrical beauty of it 's done right , but i may be biased in that regard . 
  long story short it spawned the entire slew of sitcoms of youngish more or less successful people living in hip new york apartments we have today with single life in the city and other somewhat bluer topics as their focal point . 
  i think it 's a lot to do with how juicy the eu market is , too . 
  i do n't have to tell you why your comment is irrelevant , do i ? 
  it got bad when the industry started to pull their head out of their asses and make their movies available in ways that are n't a complete inconvenience . 
  it can be , but in `` ich '' it 's not . 
  ergo brazil men < cdi women, 
  not even remotely as embarrassing as referring to sasic with her old name though . 
  that poor intern who had to rush to his macbook and cobble that scoreboard together . 
  right after he got chewed out for putting sasic 's old name . 
  15 is enough . 
  it was okay to have him suffer through the spoils of ww1 and his time in prison . 
  there you go . 
  technically they look leaps ahead of sweden to me this game . 
  the nords just lucked out twice . 
  nevermind , they decided to start playing well all of a sudden . 
  well , could n't decide who to favor , socialist sweden or buddies nigeria . 
  but she is n't related to it , though . 
  this looks uncomfortably cramped . 
  `` pirlo '' in reverse is `` ol' rip '', 
  tyl, 
  pirlo must 've told a killer multilinguistic joke in the end though . 
  it 's like a dream fifa 09 squad only 6 years late . 
  sorry , but leverkusen has first pickings on anyone who is remotely good at hamburg . 
  shit ai n't gon na post itself . 
  got ta grab some of those precious manu park ji sung won . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  his sprint speed is below 95 , he 's practically useless . 
  it 's germany , so we probably just dump it where the gypsies live and light it up with no afterthought . 
  maybe he was n't eating ramen at all . 
  or something . 
  it 's also always shit that we have no reason to complain about . 
  `` ugh , i made waaay to much cake , and my freezer is full . '', 
  `` ugh we 're so rich , europe nibbles on our teet . '', 
  `` ugh those clean energy wind mills block my view over the baltic . '', 
  you would n't understand it anyway , you 're just a dumb whateveryouare . 
  london , no , amsterdam , probably no as well . 
  i do n't know , does race actually affect brain power ? 
  i would say no , but that teacher seems to think otherwise . 
  pro : you can make a career out of starring in those murder porn documentaries . 
  european here . 
  let 's fuck platonically . 
  which is really fortunate for someone in his twenties and no tertiary education . 
  good on you messi , good on you . 
  i do n't think anyone ever confused `` welsh '' with `` walesy '' . 
  maybe you 're a dog and 7 human months appear like 1 month to you . 
  yeah , but then the joke would n't work . 
  do n't tell me you need a trigger warning for hyperbole . 
  i love this sooo much , if i had to shoot my mother of this drama i would definitely shoot my mother . 
  tell more pls i love memes ty, 
  more time to drink beer and talk baseball . 
  nothing bitch about that . 
  because there are potentially brilliant female programmers that simply have n't been enthused to pick it as their profession . 
  in the end , everyone is entitled to do what they want ( in the western world ) . 
  there are undoubtedly still girls though that would be happy in it if it was presented to them as a viable option . 
  the look on the portugueses ' faces will be priceless when they return to the jordan perez memorial stadium . 
  give them a useless minor to their equally useless gender studies major . 
  refused for not being shitty enough because it has some truth to it . 
  what about men 's only barbers ? 
  do they have an inherent duty to serve women ? 
  or women 's only gyms for that matter ? 
  it 's also not a public business , it 's a private business . 
  if they take government subsidies it might be a different thing altogether , but i assume they do n't . 
  what if it 's explicitly against their religious belief , if they claim they want to protect themselves in the afterlife . 
  can they be forced to go against their own perceived safety ? 
  what if they claim their clientele only comes because their bakery has good old christian values ? 
  i did n't expect those two to stand up for the rights of actual hellspawn , but it does make some kind of sense . 
  this metaphor seems entirely nonsensical but still kinda gets the point across . 
  those are male players . 
  if you put on a tv production and players do n't adhere to the schedule to get makeup , it 's not particularly surprising they get fined by an all-powerful organization that oversees both the production and execution of the tournament . 
  for the first : unsportsmanlike conduct is punished in pretty much every professional sport . 
  the english fa also punishes teams that bench players to keep them fit for other competitions . 
  h2k 's conduct did n't even have a practical reason , they just ridiculed an outclassed opponent . 
  as for the second : those are professional players in a professional tv production having to adhere to a professional schedule . 
  part of that is going through makeup . 
  if the rulebook says `` go to makeup at a certain or be fined '' you go to makeup or you 're getting fined . 
  it 's not the organization 's fault that they 're trying to look as professional as possible and are therefore imposing rules that players still ca n't abide by . 
  yet somehow l\u00f6w manages to find some of the most underwhelming players of the bundesliga in that age group to play in the first squad . 
  dresden does n't look the same at all , though . 
  the few landmarks that remained were rebuilt and well maintained ( after the collapse of the gdr ) , but nearly everything else is new . 
  the entire city center between the train station and the frauenkirche was empty and flat until it was filled in with buildings in a short amount of time a few decades ago . 
  and not the good , sexy , passionate kind , but the lifeless , greasy , catholic peasant kind . 
  instead of adding summoner spells to make up for your hero 's shortcomings , you itemize . 
  in league , if your hero lacks mobility , you pick flash , in dota you buy a blink dagger . 
  as far as i can tell , items in league primarily enhance your hero 's strengths , while in dota your items add whole new mechanics to your hero . 
  e : i last played league in 09 , and almost no items had actives back then , while its basically the norm in dota , especially in this point of time . 
  that is probably true , would n't have gotten my point across though . 
  the thing is that the production value shows . 
  it 's a polished game all around with a ton of depth that would still hold up in this day and age . 
  its only shortcoming as far as i 'm concerned is that it , well , looks like a game from 2001 . 
  if you do n't understand the forklift you do n't deserve the forklift . 
  it genuinely gives me that remote feeling of having lived in a place i 've never been before .
