  for what it 's worth , arne friedrich played a killer 2010 wc . 
  k\u00f6ln , the german arsenal ? 
  what else would you write ? 
  `` teen peddling , '' `` purchase of kid kickers '' ? 
  because they can be abused by big fanbases , hence my comment . 
  i also think that if someone like zidane wanted spanish citizenship they 'd give it to him , alongside a coplementary handjob . 
  the day the rest of the world collectively went `` yeah , okay . '', 
  moved to dresden for uni , had the opportunity to regularly watch decent soccer for the first time . 
  the year after i moved there dresden was promoted through relegation and i went to see the parade . 
  then , the same year , dresden drew leverkusen in the first round of the dfb cup , surely a done deal from the get go . 
  and so it went . 
  sch\u00fcrrle scores the 0-3 in the 49th minute , but the people in the stands around me keep singing and cheering . 
  noone expected anything anyway . 
  68th minute , dresden gets an unsuspecting free kick from far out . 
  fi\u00e9l , the designated shot taker , curls it in , schuppan makes it 1-3 . 
  `` good enough , '' we think . 
  two minutes later , trojan crosses it in after ** dell !, 
  ** tried to make a quick counterplay for leverkusen . 
  the cross finds robert koch , 25 years old , playing professional soccer for only two years at this point . 
  grew up in the area , played lower league soccer in the city for two years before that . 
  the crowd senses something 's going on here . 
  86th minute . 
  robert koch taps it in to equalize . 
  a man falls off the stands onto the brick floor . 
  i get a beer bukkake from everyone around me . 
  people i have never met hug me . 
  we made it to extra time after being 0-3 down . 
  leverkusen turn up the heat , but dresden does well enough to fend off uninspired leverkuseners . 
  fans and players start to prepare mentally for the penalties . 
  but not so alexander schnetzler , that beautiful old bastard . 
  similar to messi in size , equal in play . 
  he chases down the pitch , gets the ball from sascha pfeffer , open field ahead . 
  only the keeper to beat . 
  last chance in the match , probably . 
  what does the fucker do ? 
  chips it like he the ballon d'or winner he ought to be . 
  turns out , though , it was n't the last chance of the match , for leverkusen anyway . 
  ballack from just outside the box , deflected from a defender . 
  eilhoff gets a hand on it while already in the air . 
  another shot by sch\u00fcrrle , similar to his first goal . 
  but fuck him , he is a broken man now . 
  sure , chelsea , go ahead and buy him . 
  he has been dynamo 'd . 
  he will be of no use . 
  this was the very best game i have ever seen , in the middle of ultras , singing for 90 minutes straight and noone even noticed that i 'm a scheisswessi . 
  [ highlights ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnciiix_isg ), 
  maybe the barca fans are all from places where they have to go on the internet to talk soccer because noone else around them follows the sport . 
  soccer 's just entertainment for most people . 
  you would n't expect / r/movies to have directed their own movies , or / r/mma to have a fighting background . 
  then go to high school matches , abuse the ref and pretend to be a father of one of the players . 
  toss a beer at the keeper , yell at him if he does n't catch it . 
  go on facebook , find out way too much background info on the opposing coach and then insult him way too precisely ( `` you killed aunt cassie when you sold her your shitty old toyota ! '', 
  `` do you think brenda realized she was a lesbian before or after you broke up ? '' ) . 
  after the match , tell the most talented kid that you think he 's the next freddy adu and then try to give him a one way plane ticket to the finnish hinterland . 
  refuse to speak in anything but a half-assed cockney accent while using and mispronouncing phrases like `` joga bonito . '', 
  ask the one black kid on the pitch if he was too short for basketball . 
  shout `` boomshakalaka '' 2 seconds before you think a ball goes in . 
  get a giant notepad with the logo of one of the top 5 premier league clubs and keep scribbling in it during the entire game while asking attractive moms who their kid is . 
  sing `` you 'll never walk alone , '' all on your own . 
  aggressively take a nap right by the sideline . 
  soccer is a fun game . 
  have fun with it . 
   edit : for correct german i mean the one spoken in northern germany, 
  nah , it 's fine , every german knew what you meant . 
  yeah , but any other region is n't particularly worth paying attention to in that regard . 
  i 'd think western europe has by far the largest influx of international youth players while also having the most stringent rules on work permits and youth labor . 
  you can be registered for a club that you live up to a hundred kilometers away from , even if there is a national border in between . 
  both your home as well as the club have to be within 50 km of the border though . 
  for example , you live in the german city of l\u00f6rrach , near the swiss border . 
  basel wants to sign you , and even though you 're transferring to a non-eu club , you 're allowed to because basel is really close by ( i.e. 
  home and club are within 50 km within either side of the border ), 
  now , if you wanted to transfer to basel while living at and playing for freiburgs youth , you could n't . 
  while both cities are within 100 km of each other , freiburg is about 70 km away from the border , therefore 20 km too far for rule 2 . c ) to activate . 
  how did you come to that conclusion ? 
  did you not read what i wrote ? 
  i 'm saying that european leagues take in more foreign youth players than any of those leagues . 
  and local laws in europe are in bigger contrast to the customs of buying players at young ages than they are in any of those countries . 
  because of these two factors the focus is much more directed at big european clubs . 
  it 's natural that with limited resources , fifa takes aim at the biggest offenders first . 
  the list of offenders will definitely exapnd as time goes on . 
  but liga mx and the chinese league and africa are definitely on the bottom of that list . 
  i would imagine there 's like one dude next to the commentators that tracks the passes ( if it 's not already automated , like running distance and speed is ) that passes the information via api to the news outlets that pay a fee . 
  there 's probably a shit ton of data that leagues hand out that some poor intern at a sports magazine has to sift through to create the next misleading headline . 
  how many of those countries have teams that pay their youth teams ? 
  enough to warrant a transfer to another country ? 
  there 's a difference between going to an academy on a scholarship and essentially working for a club . 
  i do n't know about the inner workings of african or south american politics but the rules are very eu specific . 
  maybe there 's a different rule set for other continents or an equivalent structure that takes the role of the eu . 
  and why are you implying that i think spain is more criminal than africa or south america when i have never said that . 
  spain is just the tip of the iceberg . 
  it 's the most prominent league , where the most money is made from youth player trading . 
  and for fuck sake , this is n't even a `` crime . '', 
  it 's just against fifa rules . 
  if local governments decide a law is broken , they will take care of it . 
  fifa imposed those rules to clear themselves and the teams of allegations of child trafficking from the start . 
  yes , bar the cockney accents and the attractive moms . 
  here is an article about [ arsenal and chelsea being under investigation ] ( http://metro.co.uk/2015/11/29/arsenal-and-chelsea-to-be-slapped-with-transfer-bans-by-fifa-report-5532822/ ) for the same exact thing , for starters . 
  also , where is your proof that these poorer countries do the same thing to the same quality as barca and real and atletico ? 
  again , since you do n't seem to understand : ** i 'm not saying noone else is doing it , these three teams are just on the forefront of teams to be caught by the same rule . 
  ** mainly because noone gives a shit about teams in africa doing it .
