  if you 're in one of the bigger german cities you 'll be bound to see one of them tour in that city . 
  and even we still use the iron cross . 
  i think it 's okay and somewhat important to see the military disparate from the politics under which they commited atrocities . 
  it 's just a re-release of the last 20 minutes of 300 when 200 of the spartans were already dead . 
  wir hatten einen zehn-t\u00e4gigen sch\u00fcleraustausch mit einer schule in michigan mit tagestrips nach chicago , detroit und mackinac island . 
  supersexy, 
  i think it 's fair to put the likelihoods of the clauses into context . 
  if real sell ronaldo for 5m and an add-on clause of 300m if he manages to tie his shoes correctly five times in a row everyone would understand that the clause will be triggered 99 % of the time . 
  in this example i think noone expects dembele to trigger the clause before he moves on to a different club , that 's why it is n't mentioned as much . 
  i 'm the complete opposite if this . 
  most of the girls that say i 'm a very handsome little boy are 30-40 years older than me . 
  what do you do ? 
  yeah, 
  no , but we are eu citizens . 
  the other eu citizens are other eu citizens . 
  he looks like he wants to sell you religious artifacts in an indiana jones movie . 
  he looks like the hotel bartender that gets you into the hottest cairo night clubs for free . 
  he looks like he 'd let you ride his camel around the pyramids and when you want to pay him for the tour he says he 's just doing it for the fun of it . 
  he looks like the middle-eastern foreign student that invites you on holiday to his home country and when you arrive you realize he 's loaded but he never made a big deal out of it . 
  he looks like he has the biggest donna summers vinyl collection on the southern coast of the mediterranean . 
  he looks like the boyfriend the daughter brings home in a french comedy to turn the dad from complete racist to only-somewhat racist . 
  as a kid in 1991 as an iraqi kurd , i wonder what he was fleeing from at the time . 
  people who say things like `` tidy gash '' should n't be able to get laid . 
  he 's about as welsh as he is black i guess ? 
  it 's not gay if they 're above 12 on a ten-point scale . 
  then it 's just something you have to do to please the gods . 
  who would respond to a profile that says giroud is 24 and from manchester, 
  aig was the best though . 
  or just make the chevy logo unicolor , then it would be pretty dope too . 
  but the gold nugget is just terrible . 
  not that i took it seriously , it just sounds like some infectuous disease, 
  a number that looked ridiculous 5 years ago and is now an amount that you could reasonably see 5-6 clubs pay for a player of his caliber . 
  i would like to unsubscribe from this plane of existence . 
   butforabeautifulmomentintimewecreatedawholelotofvalueforshareholders.jpeg, 
  just read up on the holodomor . 
  both did what they did to `` help their people . '', 
  hitler by keeping genes clean , stalin by deliberately feeding his people at the expense of others . 
  then there 's all sorts of gulags . 
  not to say hitler in total was n't worse , but there 's not much between them , expect that one won the war and one did n't . 
  who are also equally psg and barca fans . 
  well , the north is pretty much denmark , the south is bavaria , north west is pretty much the netherlands , south west is pretty much france , the east is pretty much the eastern bloc . 
  i do n't think germany really exists . 
  case in point : christina aguilera, 
  does that only include qataris or all the thousands of underpaid guest workers ? 
  who said i like his mom, 
  so you 're saying i should try doing steroids if i want my mutant balls to look normal ? 
  i was in london last october and even i was anxious to speak english there . 
  i studied anglistics for 1.5 years , before that i took english leistungskurs , spent a 10 day school trip to both england and america , had an american girlfriend for half a year etc. 
  there 's just something really daunting about it if you 're just a bit self-conscious . 
  what is marxist about that ? 
  yeah , that clears it up , but i hope you can see why that sentence is confusing . 
  fuckingstopsayingsorted, 
  yeah but having tattoo saying `` i have killed a man '' gets a bit much after like your fifth murder . 
  that 's against the law . 
  the good thing for dortmund is also that they 're content with relying on their scouting . 
  they buy very good talents before they hit the big stage , while barca buy from teams that already did the scouting . 
  obviously that means dortmund is a step below barca ( unless bvb hits the sweet spot between their talents hitting their pinnacle and being sold ) but it also means that you 're buying from second-rate french or danish teams that simply do n't ask for as much . 
  in that sense 150m $ is worth a * lot * for more for dortmund than 220m $ is for barcelona . 
  `` my dog ate my contract '', 
  i do n't have to train for my job , if only i had to only work on saturdays though . 
  i 'm not only talking about the mors and merinos , i 'm also going further back with aubameyang , lewandowski , kagawa etc and in parts even hummels or sokratis . 
  those were n't obviously all bought as youngsters but they were all bought for under 15m $ and are products of great scouting . 
  if you can buy 10 of these players and have 6 fail but 4 break through you 're still looking at a net gain . 
  and also , like it has been said numerous times before in this thread , who would dortmund buy as an impact player ? 
  if dembele leaves , the right wing is the most crucial vacancy and if there was an impact player available that would be good enough to replace him , barcelona would have noticed . 
  the squad you have is already good enough to achieve cl qualification year after year . 
  if anything the money should be invested in bigger contracts to keep the talent you already have around . 
  yes , but so have liverpool , manunited , mancity , chelsea , tottenham , and on good days everton . 
  in germany dortmund are the only team outside of bayern m\u00fcnchen with a consistently good squad . 
  every other team that pushes into the cl spots for last couple of years have been outliers . 
  leverkusen , wolfsburg and schalke , who you 'd think should be up there are all over the place lately . 
  leipzig still need to prove they did n't pull a hoffenheim this season . 
  even in the year dortmund played like hot garbage they had a very decent second half of the season and managed to climb from 17th to 7th . 
  as to what happened to arsenal ? 
  4 of the teams with better or equal squads got ahead of them , and one with a nominally better squad came in behind them , it 's no real mystery . 
  i might be wrong but i think in germany red cards carry over from the cup to the league because they 're both run by the dfb . 
  maybe the cause is pro-seal-clubbing . 
  did they change it somewhat recently or am i just this misinformed ? 
  schweinsteiger at manunited ? 
   what talented young players would like to come then ? 
  the ones that know what a contract and professionalism is ? 
   they wo n't let him rot with reserves or on the standings all season either . 
  he 's banned for one match right now . 
  i do n't think anyone will want him out for much longer , least of all his coach . 
  i 'll try to be polite but those two questions in combination make me think you would n't be particularly popular in the bundeswehr , or german society as a whole . 
  do it asap . 
  deutsche bahn has regular early deals that can go down to 25-50 % of the regular price . 
  also note that trips in the early morning or late at night during week days are cheaper than day time tickets during weekends . 
  there are state tickets and other offers like weekend-tickets that i suggest you look into . 
  i do n't know your itinerary , but if you plan on just travelling within one bundesland for a day they might be useful . 
  some of these also work for inner city public transportation so look out for that too . 
  with the schleswig-holstein ticket for example you can ride the train into hamburg and use the s-bahn in hamburg as well , as far as i know . 
  just as an example . 
  rio reiser is responsible for some of the most wonderful love ballads in german music too , in my opinion . 
  f\u00fcr immer und dich and halt dich an deiner liebe fest are still two of the most beautiful songs that came out in german . 
  makes me think i should have gotten good at something 10 years ago and coasted off of it since then, 
  i fell in love with murakami through `` gef\u00e4hrliche geliebte '' and i think it 's a fairly easy book to find out if you like his style or not . 
   ( for example announcing that real is not interested could mean getting way less from bar\u00e7a ), 
  i know what you mean , but you obviously do n't have to announce things that did n't happen ( at least i hope so ) . 
  yeah i know that , but i still think it 's a good entry point as it 's not too long and its one of his most to-the-point stories .
