  we just prosper because we do n't think snails are food . 
  hi is me sarah, 
  i also like dance and how u stroke my beard, 
  i always go to interior decoration subs for my porn star life updates . 
  i think they 're trying to disconnect the actual player value from teams ' specific interest . 
  like barcelona had a specific interest in dembele as a young player , as a replacement for neymar and as someone they can afford by their influx of neymar money . 
  the question is now , how much would a team with none of these particularities pay for a player of dembele 's skill ? 
  what is the amount of value he would add to a team like , e.g. 
  celtic ( for whom he 'd be too good in the grander scope and therefore unaffordable ) while at the same time giving him a price tag for which he 'd be interesting to teams who do n't need him , but have the money . 
  like manchester united has the money , but they do n't really need a young winger , what would be the amount of money they 'd pay for him . 
  obviously not 150m $ , because they 're not that desperate for a player like him , but for a price of 30m - 50m $ they might make space for a player like him in their squad . 
  i do n't think they have an algorithm , but look closely at the discussion in the forums and make changes internally . 
  yeah but he also did n't have today 's instagram whores . 
  nah , red bull goes for places that are n't already oversaturated with teams . 
  they 'd probably gor for some cornwall or east england team . 
  you saw his tacky ferrari t-shirt and did n't realize that this might be aubameyang ? 
  i 'm not arguing for or against the process i 'm just recollecting what i thought i read once . 
  tmi, 
  leipsch, 
  nah i doubt it . 
  you 'll still have a hard time convincing people from leipzig or chemnitz to support dresden . 
  so the void would still be there . 
  it 's the first season in a long time where we could retain some of our key players . 
  the priority should be a solid upper half finish before we could push higher without losing basically everyone responsible for promotion and rebuilding our squad from the ground up . 
  if you look at the players dresden signed over the past few years and where they moved on to you can tell they 've been doing a great deal of business , but the money and security was never there to * not * sell players or to keep them on long contracts . 
  that 's why they got relegated too , so it 's vital to stay away from relegation for the time being . 
  if you 're gon na be all nice like that the least i can do is thank you for cristian fiel . 
  what a good little boy he was/is . 
  they only started charging this year i think . 
  would you wear yoga pants or jack wolfskin in a world war ? 
  nuh uh he 's from atlanta, 
  also a friendly reminder to when rooney broke his foot thrice in a match and still scored . 
   come `` as tourists '' ... 
  so you were perfectly right in them dressing as arsenal fans, 
  not like red bull supporters ever created something on their own, 
  robben , reus , ribery , every year . 
  of course there is , r\u00fcckgaberecht . 
  even has an umlaut , so you know it 's legit, 
  fans except being pandered to because that 's all they ever get . 
  the alternative to that is hearing the truth and the truth is most likely never in their interest , making them hate it more . 
  that 's why hardly anyone ever says `` i 'm happy to be at southampton , because the prem pays stupid money for mediocre players and if i 'm lucky , liverpool will buy me and i 'm outta here . '', 
  or `` i 'm happy to be at wolfsburg because they pay my desired wages and at this point in my career it 's kind of a last resort to play in a top league . '', 
  instead they say they moved to china `` for the experience of a foreign culture , '' or to leipzig because they `` are impressed by the project '' . 
  the net loss in terms of popularity is close to zero , while the net gain is also close to zero . 
  it 's a homogenization of players . 
  there are a few who break the mould and those are the ones you see quoted on / r/soccer all the time , the zlatans , the m\u00fcllers , the buffons . 
  people cling to personality in the sport not because it 's always genuine but because it 's just something different . 
  press training has effectively muted players that do n't have strong extrovert personalities . 
  there are players that set their house on fire , that drunk drive with strange women in their car and some that struggle so much with depression that they end up in front of a train but on match days they 're all the same sanitized husk rehashing the same old phrases so they wo n't offend sponsors or the manager or the fans . 
  you basically have a group of people that is emotional about a certain thing ( the fans ) enjoying something that is intrinsically emotional ( the sport ) being played by emotional people ( the players ) and in between those three there is a filter that drains all highs and lows and i think that 's where the problem lies . 
  the fans are becoming numbers in a sales report , the players have become numbers on transfermarkt.com and the sport is just a means for angry birds and other sponsors to tap into the former . 
  so to come back to the beginning of my comment , the problem is n't that fans are being lied to ( tv shows , wrestling etc. 
  are all obviously staged but popular ) , it 's the fact that the truths have become so thinly veiled , so easy to see through and so deeply depressing that many fans are just tired of being fed the same , distanced and hollow phrases week in and week out . 
  in the times of amazon , giving a book store gift card also implies the experience of * going to a book store * . 
  depending on the size of the city you might find a hole in the wall book store the giftee might not always traverse . 
  same line of thought : if he likes to read , some ` antique ' children 's book . 
  erich k\u00e4stner and others are both a youth staple while also not being completely juvenile or unenjoyable for adults . 
  i think a recent edition would be a nice gift , an older edition would be great . 
  how do you know everything and how much of your desire to take over / r/germany comes from your british heritage ? 
   only in 1969 were married women considered `` gesch\u00e4ftsf\u00e4hig '' , that is able to do business in their own name and responsibility, 
  sounds like we tried it once and were thoroughly disappointed . 
  i think it 's for you , because you grew up when italy * was * the shit . 
  imagine you 're 14 right now , you 'd barely remember inter 's cl win and probably wo n't even know all the italian great defenders . 
  if you 're trying to get oversea 's money * now * , you have to be good * now * . 
  had they made deals 15 years ago , italy would have shat all over la liga . 
  their economical ideology . 
  generally pro-business , anti-government . 
  socially they are about as left wing as the centrist parties . 
  ` bundeskanzler ' will also be renamed to ` buffalo soldier ', 
  that 's true , but it was also felt pushed through as some tuesday morning vote . 
  barely gave spd the chance to get people hyped or celebrate it as a victory . 
  which part of the left is the successor ? 
  wasg or pds ? 
  how many times do they need to create a new party to be allowed to exist ? 
  is every leftist party supposed to be banned because leftists from the east will eventually end up working for them ? 
  do we need for all gdr-inhabitants to die before such a party is allowed to exist ? 
  sky is the official licensee of hbo shows in germany , the sky box set should offer basically everything you 'd need from hbo . 
  main difference is that we do n't have a 24 hour news cycle . 
  our news stations do n't need to broadcast * everything * that happens during the day . 
  election day here is not like `` merkel gets on a bus '' `` merkel gets off a bus '' `` merkel enters the polling station '' `` schulz will arrive in 35 minutes '' `` look at \u00d6zdemir talking to people '' . 
  they generally report on situations once they happened in an editorialized and succinct fashion unless it 's actual breaking and immediate news . 
  same goes for north korea . 
  it 's more like `` north korea tested weapons , trump and kju got in a spat , more news at 11 '' rather than `` breaking : we have to interrupt the current program because trump sent a tweet '', 
   refugees in germany ca n't vote . 
  i would assume actual refugees apply for asylum . 
  noone talked about illegal immigrants . 
  i 'm sitting here bored doing the night shift , caught by a random instance of wanderlust . 
  i 'd like to hear from you where you are right now and what makes it special ( to you and in general ) . 
  i 'm especially interested in people who live in another country from where they grew up and what is different , 
  i 've been facing the same weird problem since i got the pc a couple of years ago , but ( shame on me ) never really bothered to fix it since i had no problem with formatting regularly . 
  the thing is that , after a few reboots ( 3-5 ) after each format , everything would go apeshit ( i.e. 
  random applications shutting down with no notice , random sites in every browser i tested just crashing ) . 
  if i do n't reboot , everything works fine . 
  i had the pc running for over a month continuously at one point , then reboot once and it 's gone to shit . 
  like i said , i circumvented it so far by having the pc run for extended periods of time and formatting periodically . 
  practically the same problems occur in both windows 7 and ubuntu ( currently running 14.04.2 ) . 
  my specs are as follows :, 
  cpu : * amd phenom ii x4 925 *, 
  ram : * 4 gb ddr3 by corsair *, 
  mb : * asus m4a88t-m *,
