  perfect world operates dota 2 in china . 
  perfect world gave jl the job to organize the event . 
  jl hired shitty production . 
  valve ca n't just work with a different crew , because jl picks it , who is picked by perfect world , which is in charge of dota 2 in china . 
  the problem is china , at least in this instance , and what they have shown is that they ca n't make decisions that would guarantee quality over savings . 
  also lol is a huge fucking cash cow for tencent , so they have a vested interest to make the events great . 
  where 's the manual to being really patronizing ? 
  i assume you have the link to that remembered by heart . 
  maybe the horse was a girl . 
  does it tie in well with the prequels ? 
  did they keep the leitmotifs of the main characters ? 
  are some of the plotholes resolved ? 
  are the references to nietzsche 's zarathustra still as present or have they gone more into the direction of trotskyist ideology as they did in their formative years ? 
  it being a propaganda film does n't affect the quality either . 
  i do n't understand what you 're saying . 
  * he lost count though *, 
   i was like ... ... 
  `` why does your windows look weird ? 
  where is the blue internet button ? 
  have you tried binging it ? '', 
  do n't worry , i understood that reference . 
  you watched so many matches of coman that managed to misspell his name in two different ways . 
  the old `` germany is actually shit '' excuse . 
  hoc is n't even premiering on netflix in germany , it 's on sky first . 
  who 's supposed to write the article , they 're all busy updating their cvs . 
  yes . 
  source : am fischkopp . 
  patrick andersson sends his regards . 
   he 's pretty good at it when he does n't have other responsibilities . 
  is he , though ? 
  there 's dawn of the dead , which was okay as a horror action movie , watchmen was nice to look at but the storytelling was a hot mess at times , and i personally despised man of steel . 
  none of his movies got over 65 % on rotten tomatoes bar dotd . 
  is that really a director you want to bank a whole franchise on ? 
  he 's pretty good as a goofy special effects person , similar to michael bay , but if you want actual substance , like the kind of story they 're trying to tell demands , you really should look elsewhere in my opinion . 
   i think he adapts comic books well . 
  i kind of agree , but that is because he is good visually and comic books are visual . 
  he knows how to translate picture to picture better than most directors , i 'll give you that . 
  but , firstly , the main source for most of the movie-going audience of the batman or superman franchises is n't the comic books anymore . 
  they know what they are about , they know their m.o. , but they do n't understand the references to the source material . 
  which leads to the second point , that comic book visual language is always a bit campy in terms of having to tell a story in as few frames as possible . 
  when the hero stands on the ledge of a rooftop giving a monologue about whatever , it 's because you can fill a page with a cool image while driving the plot ahead . 
  scenes like that do n't translate well into movies . 
  as far as i can tell with my limited knowledge of graphic novels and comic books , watchmen and 300 are already fairly quickly-paced , high-quality gns , while the batman catalogue consists of long-lasting fewds with his recurring foes . 
  there 's a lot more characterization going on than in 300 , and over the decades , also than watchmen . 
  translating that into movies needs more than just a visual action-oriented director , you need someone who can make conversations and characterization interesting . 
  it 's not just a problem with the writing , as that 's been done succesfully in the comics already i think . 
  it 's his inability or maybe disinterest to create interesting non-action scenes . 
  while writing this i 've read over your comment again and realized we 're practically saying the same thing . 
  and i think you 're right , in the sense that snyder has been given * too much * liberty with the material . 
  it 's something you could do with someone like joss whedon and the russo brothers ( to stay in the comic book movie sphere ) because they understand what 's asked of them and they manage to understand the essence of the source material . 
  snyder is a lot more `` i have picture here , i make picture there '' in that regard , and that 's why he fails at any process that comes in between translating the material into a script . 
  you make it sound like he was supposed to get dementia as soon as he left his studio . 
  but with money he can buy a girlfriend . 
  one from ukraine like any regular american man . 
  so not a casual trip then, 
  i was in preston for a school trip in 05 or so . 
  manchester was pretty nice . 
  he did n't eat pork because jews ca n't eat pork and the enemy of my enemy is my friend . 
   attit\u00fcde, 
  but then why be rude to people not in politics ? 
  and why do other women in politics manage to be seemingly pleasant anyway ? 
  certain views on gender issues are cultural . 
  the japanese might have specific issues with upskirt photography , but a fair amount of the muslims that makes their way to germany are culturally opposed to many of the cornerstones of our societal identity . 
  or take english classes and learn in reverse , duh, 
  us northerners would never stand for that . 
  you can have a wool pullover because lederhosen are too short and cold to stand by the coast for hours and stare longingly into the sea . 
  i regularly talk to the guy delivering the papers and because it gets cold at night he sometimes wears a balaclava . 
  he gets stopped by the police regularly but they let him go on one they realize he 's just the paper guy . 
  yeah , i was just adding an anecdotal example to your point . 
  unless you 're meeting a terribly stressed policeman most of your interactions here will be `` did you do something illegal ? 
  okay , sorry for wasting your time . '', 
  policemen very well know not to make a big deal out of nothing . 
  they want to write a police report as little as you want to be in one . 
  implying franz could knowingly handle if he never reads the papers he signs . 
  - i 'm a 24-hour hospitality liaison for global visitors, 
  - i work the bar and reception at night at a small border hotel, 
  ** queue up boys , we 're writing a letter of indignation **, 
  looks to me like agger played himself though . 
  i even had the pink polo , i thought i was kanye, 
  i guess you irish really exclusively think about fighting . 
   as game threads there regularly break reddit . 
  not entirely surprising when an entire fan base looks forward to the playoff season . 
  champion 's league and world cup finals are similar . 
  you 're telling me that roy nelson or mark hunt at first glance look like the top athlete fighters that they are ? 
  or that fedor emilianenko was never on a similar level as alistair overeem ? 
  or that paige vanzant is too cute to be a decent fighter ? 
  fighters come in all shapes and forms . 
  i had a 5 ' 3 '' drill seargant in the air force who served 3 tours to afghanistan who could 've ripped everyone in our company a new asshole . 
  i do n't disagree with that . 
  csgo just has the advantage that the player count goes from 10 to 4-5 fairly quickly . 
  i used to play and watch enemy territory competitively and it 's generally a pain to spectate if you do n't know what to look for , even though spectator mode was way ahead of its time back then . 
  let alone games with a less structured objective such as battlefield or world of tanks . 
  this video looks like pato played in the late 80s . 
  denying the holocaust is punishable in germany . 
  has n't undermined credibility at all . 
  the current success of the afd is very temporary . 
  similar things happened with the pirate party and it will blow over once the whole refugee crisis cools down . 
  not only are they imploding over their own incompetence , the commonly more center-right wing party is more and more returning to its center-right base . 
  people just wanted to vote center-right when the center-right party became a bit too red in some of their decisions . 
  so clueless about history that they understand that these laws are put in place to appease the winning factions of ww2 , to stabilize a fragile europe that caused the world to erupt twice in thirty years .
