  wait , you genuinely did n't know other countries have dialects and accents ? 
  not tupac and not korean , but [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzc3_b_knhc ) is a 16 year old indonesian who has never been to america . 
  put me in the woman 's final and i 'll be last place too . 
  in germany we call that having shit on the foot . 
  holy shit , that 's a golden joke i just made there . 
  if you try really hard you can turn 18 eventually . 
  i believe in you . 
  `` if you 've got shit on your foot , you 've got shit on your foot ! '', 
  but if a book is named `` the 50 books you have to read '' and its content is just `` the 50 books you have to read '' 50 times in a row it 's fair to call it the worst book in the library . 
  but shitting on a pile of shit just means you now have twice as much shit . 
  i do n't want more shit . 
   makes claim, 
   asks opponent to back it up, 
  sorry for correcting you on a foreign language subreddit , but it should be ` affected ' instead of ` effected ' . 
  huh ? 
  just pointing out that your way of arguing is why noone takes you seriously . 
  but uszat ded :(, 
  the next time i see that stupid sentence i will shoot reddit in the knee caps . 
  the country still has a name though . 
  lied to * everyones * mother, 
  that 's nothing . 
  i 've been missing the last two games for germany too and noone even noticed . 
  just walk up to it and kaplow, 
  it 's clear as day that she 's just his tiny south american blonde replacement wife when he could n't have messi . 
   designed by sylvester stallone, 
  no , that 's bale 's man bun . 
  they do n't know what it 's like to win something , award ceremonies are a whole new experience to them . 
  did you know that there are 18 quintillion tracks in that game ? 
  truly mind-blowing . 
  because they have been building a mid table first division team of 20 year olds for three years now , alongside one of the best german academies . 
  in all their scumminess they 're still trying to be sustainable . 
  i regret reading bits and pieces of that . 
  he is now also a formidable center back who wants to play attacking midfield , but used to play defensive midfield . 
  i 'd say alaba is a wildcard either way . 
  it 's all going downhill now . 
  first the players are younger than you . 
  then you seriously have to reconsider buying players your own age because there 's no future revenue to be made . 
  then you try your damnest to sell players your own age . 
  then there 's no players your age left . 
   lots of clubs would be happy to have cavani . 
  at his price range ? 
  if you measure him against all footballers , sure , he 's better than 99,999 % . 
  but if you measure him against players who cost as much as him he falls off heavily . 
  noone 's seriously arguing that cavani is a human failure , just that in the context of his career he 's lackluster . 
  as long as we do n't show up at the same time . 
  the last time the joke made any sense too . 
  then you saw apart the table around mj\u00f6lnir , put it into a bag . 
  congratz , you just stole a hammer . 
  `` deeds instead of waiting , '' to be needlessly precise . 
  or a hammer, 
  next year is apparently messi 's 30th anniversary of being the smallest player on the team . 
  they 're dancing with the confidence only men can have that beat brazil 7-1 in their own country . 
  cyberspace is where it 's at man !, 
  what media team, 
  it 's probably because schalke is n't the most popular club outside of gelsenkirchen . 
  the tv money is for both first and second division . 
  bundesliga clubs will of course get the biggest chunk of the money but noone expected them to keep up with la liga anyway . 
  i have an unfounded feeling that he took a spot as lvgs darling last season that messed with the hierarchy of the squad that mourinho is n't comfortable with . 
  zoltan does n't have brittle basti bones . 
  he would like blacktivities like basketball and loitering if they were n't cultural appropriation . 
  a week later at the same venue as the majors . 
  like the paralympics of doter . 
  that 's some / r/latestagecapitalism bullshit, 
  when gentrification makes the lgbt community find a new stronghold , when people realize 100k $ / year in sf equates to 40k $ / year or less most anywhere else or when data mining and domestic espionnage blows up in their face . 
  nookie dookie pun here, 
  axel witsel looks out of place in any era . 
  same color as him , too . 
  yeah , and this is one of the coping mechanisms for when you 're unhappy while rich . 
  i do n't see the problem . 
  but does not being balotelli keep you up at night as much as it does balotelli not living up to the hype ? 
  i think having a shit game hits him harder than the other guy not being balotelli . 
  he has a condition ( the one that gets mentioned in one of the episodes ) in real life . 
  i thought i was being smart when i thought she looked like matt damon 's puppet from team america . 
  yes , it 's called armadillo and is a good companion piece to restrepo . 
  if you want to learn to cherish your comfortable couch and delivery pizza they make for a good double feature . 
  tak *, 
  for example ? 
  as a german living by the danish border and having been in multiple vacations to sweden , norway and denmark i 'd be very interested . 
  try to read . 
  there 's a difference between having thousands of televised matches in one sport and dozen ( s ) of other sports each week . 
  of course dives are in higher quantity in the former one . 
   talks about making money, 
   references instances where player got fined, 
  go ahead and tell mark fucking hamill to work construction then . 
  35 people were watching , if you deduct the number of stadium employees you 're at around -27 in attendance . 
  no , like the rapper . 
  it 's not at all . 
  kim jee-woon is a legend and the whole movie is the experience , not just the conclusion ( which is not even mentioned in the spoiler ) . 
  the cinematography is brilliant , it 's paced so goddamn well , and whenever you think it ca n't get any worse , it does . 
  just watch it , you will regret it . 
  in a good way . 
  and lady vengeance . 
  maybe stop fucking foxes then you idiot, 
   and now he is a walking m1 abrahmns, 
  but an m1 can drive which is pretty much the same as walking given the context and even better in some instances . 
  yes , even has the same actor . 
  maybe it 's because i 've seen oldboy so often , but i find i saw the devil even more gruesome . 
  after oldboy you at least get to feel sorry for dae-su . 
  after istd you get to feel dead inside . 
  true , i was really just trying to point out that a ) it is a good movie and b ) choi min-sik is good in pretty much every movie he 's in .
