  it 's like one of those retired pros vs random celebrities charity matches . 
  that 's rich coming from someone whose city is home to madame tussaud 's . 
  that 's because they usually lose at plumbing . 
  gamergate started when the blog post came out that zoe quinn supposedly slept with 5 guys that were in a position to promote her career . 
  gamergaters primarily focused on the ` promote her career ' part , while gaming outlets focused on the ` she slept with 5 guys ' part and how that is her own life and nobody 's business . 
  now the outlets universally defended her by saying gamers are sexist , which confirmed to gamergaters that game journos were all in cohoots ( along with a google group which kinda * does * prove them right ) , so they in turn pushed back . 
  it all became a giant shitshow with misinterpretation and misinformation on both sides . 
  that said , i 'm not involved in all of this , i do n't consume whatever kotaku etc put out , so i really could n't give a shit . 
  that 's for his car . 
  pretty sure he does n't live in that , given he 's also paying rent . 
  kacktor des polands . 
  some of his quotes are so poignant only a smart undereducated kid could come up with them . 
  i 'd say they 're taking towards the last possible democratic resorts to avoid a system that they deem irreconcilably harmful . 
  they do focus on the content of the president elect 's plans as the center of their worries and not * just * his character as the basis of their criticisms . 
  that 's just the impression i get from across the pond . 
  no offense but why would you think there are more police in riot gear than players on the pitch ? 
  cool , now teach me sarcasm 101 !, 
  well , i do n't respect his opinion , it 's shit . 
  every mention of his death extends his life by a year . 
  he 's been tired of banging 20 year olds for decades , everything is just suffering for him now . 
  `` hmmm yes ? '', 
  `` pound it dude '', 
  why would you assume macedonian kids know anything about us law . 
  what is a wage structure anyway ? 
  penis !, 
  penis penis penis penis , penis penis penis ... penis . 
  so much is established , we 're just discussing the degree of unwrittenness . 
  zlatan is loved wherever zlatan is . 
   his dog is named messi . 
  this could mean so many things . 
  he did n't have a personality for many years just so he could mold it into a good one when the time came . 
  i only really know him from pes 5 , where he had the potential to become as good as rooney at his best in career mode . 
  if i remember correctly the heat problem occured at a fireload that no regularly issued magazine could provide , one which was recommed not do in the first place . 
  we do n't need to , our ww2 machine gun still works fine . 
  i would have guessed that arms deals are the one thing were a single nation ordering can make or break your company , enough go through all the hoops . 
  yeah , but as cstrez pointed out it 's still essentially the same design . 
  that must have been mg3 's . 
  i was briefly trained on one and i doubt that they 're so rare that you have to dig up old mg42 's for which ammo is so scarce . 
  no , he 's talking about the german ronaldo , aka marko marin . 
  it 's more of a worry for the camera guys when they ca n't cut to scantily-clad busty 20 year old women during throw-ins and corner kicks . 
  it 'll be tough finding so many cute little kids to show . 
  absolute recklessness and complete disregard for any personal consequences . 
  i congratulate you on the fact that you have chosen the better path and have learned the lesson that the ref was indeed a fucking bald pillock . 
  is / u/bell _ whiff a goose by any chance ? 
  i do n't know what it is about brits talking about their favorite pubs but it always cracks me up like it 's some david attenborough parody . 
  it did n't help that she had the law suit going at the same time where the opposing party painted her in the worst light possible . 
  i do n't think it was her being an asian woman so much as it was said law suit and thus the stories explicitly about her being a woman . 
  that made it easy to conflate the two topics into some sort of feminist agenda . 
   and i 'm not even a republican . 
  i 'm a purple lesbian indian female rhinocerus from outer space and even i know that the_donald is super fucking trigger-happy with that ban button for anything that is only in the slightest bit contrarian . 
  so to spite the news stations they elected a president that reportedly and quotably said the dumbest fucking shit ? 
  i understand that both options are sub-optimal for a country like the us , but why would you vote for a candidate that is a certified conspiracy nut , a flip-flopper , and a demagogue ? 
  you have to be a special kind of stupid or evil to think that a trump presidency would n't result in the backwards-ass policies he 's appointing the staff for right now . 
  trump is a person who is proud of using every loophole he had the power to use and he was just given more power . 
  liberal people are n't mad because their ` fake news ' did n't work on trump supporters , they 're mad because a trump presidency shows all signs of reverting social progress that they have made in the past couple of years . 
  they 're mad because it was clear to see that trump would not end being anti-establishment . 
  how many goldman-sachs executives does he have to appoint for people to realize that he is not trying to ` drain the swamp ' ? 
  or hexalingual in this case . 
  like germany ' 54 ? 
  also the fact that half the posts are n't about germany , but the netherlands , sweden or anti-islamism in general . 
  the german language posts have barely any upvotes , as if noone understands them in the first place . 
  he mentions on his youtube channel that it was shortened from kovacevic at some point . 
  [ here you go you fuck ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0qfgfxjrcq ), 
  your mother told me, 
  i would n't have expected a man named leonard albert kravitz to be cool anyway . 
  for me the most reasonable conclusion would be that she senses confusion in him , as he still does n't understand humor but has learned to fake it while staying with the group . 
  now i can only imagine a chateau in the french alps full of dogs that she bought for shits and giggles . 
  night guard for rich milanese billionaires i hope . 
  what is a metaphor ? 
  would n't it add a layer to the joke of you said : `` what drives a condom up the wall ? 
  getting pissed off '' ? 
  where 's that fucking peanuts movie ? 
  sorry if i 'm being rude , but that 's the way it is . 
  i work in a hotel because it 's fun to talk to people from all over the place , but i still have to clean the reception and carry crates to the basement every night . 
  being a musician is n't some magical thing that has no drawbacks and should come easy at all times . 
  the more impressive part is that we only invaded or colonized , like , three of them ( looking at you , france ), 
  his dad looks like he gives mustache rides to the exotic dancers that work at the beach hotel . 
  or the fact that argentina is ~ 97 % white . 
  [ not if wikipedia is to be believed . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_argentina ), 
  oh god no , i 'm in no mood to constantly conversate with a couple dozen rich ( male ) teenies . 
  just imagine the amount of st\u00fcssy t-shirts you have to scroll through . 
  so law is also a vagina ? 
  whose fucking idea was it for the line from heathrow towards the city to end in cockfosters ? 
  did noone think of mentally juvenile tourists who 'll have to hold back laughter for a fucking hour ? 
  i do n't think you can say that with such certainty . 
  he has shown a lot of promise in regards to ageing , but i doubt he will ever be older than reus or \u00d6zil . 
  he could take a lesson from schweinsteiger maybe , he was already 33 when he was 27 , but he is obviously an exception in the german squad . 
  oh god no . 
  rbl was never playing badly , they 're just a shit company . 
   you can catch you team pretty much every game over here . 
  with a cable subscription , right ? 
  how much would that be in a month ? 
  i might sound like a complete idiot but one of my favorite things about london was how vast and easy to navigate the underground is . 
  piccadilly circus was complete garbage though . 
  black star was still a pretty good album and lazarus is pretty great theater . 
  i 'm sad about his passing because i 'm sure he still had some creativity in him and he was one of the few that are interested in current music as well as not shy to reinvent himself . 
  then you obviously would know that it would n't be true * for * 30 years . 
  and german people i know invaded france . 
  what kind of argument is that .
