  winning the champions league is fun but so is snorting coke out of a stripper 's cunt . 
  yeah , most blasians you see are gi kids , so it 's a nice change of pace . 
  only in stoke . 
  pretty sure gaelic football was around before that and involved carrying the ball . 
  maybe the guys at rugby school just added or changed some other rules . 
  since when do n't the americas consume milk ? 
  so why are you posting a map that would have been relevant 400 years ago ? 
  post a map that accounts for race mixing , migration etc. 
  or takes into account absolute population . 
  the map you posted is largely useless in this conversation . 
  only schweinsteiger got shafted . 
  i think it would be relevant because of the reasons i mentioned above . 
  since those indo-european genes have migrated most of the northern hemisphere it 's reasonable to assume that the genetic makeup of those indigenous cultures shifted somewhat too . 
  someone kicks a ball with finesse , get your head out of your ass . 
  it 's not his fault if you ca n't put two and two together . 
  because those two would help him survive . 
  valve sells compendiums to fund the internationals , which give you skins , a means to interact with the tournament etc. 
  so what they 're doing is selling in game items with some of the profit going to the prize pool . 
  riot sells in game items too , spends that revenue on player salary etc. 
  but pretends that crowd funding is something terrible . 
  valve is just more open about where the money goes . 
  i meant it only for that specific instance . 
  valve , or steam rather , offers plenty of services that other distribution platforms do n't but they take sizable chunks out of everything , so i 'm not sure whether to like our despise them myself . 
  not well memed . 
  that does n't even make sense . 
  i do n't think the british were ever on the forefront of style . 
  at least not physically . 
  lead singer of alien bant farm, 
  please no . 
  i 'm finally getting a new pc after a year of abstinence this month and i 'll definitely need time to adapt to the techies cancer before i can deal with pit lord . 
  potm is just a miniature giant woman . 
  and upload 3 gigs of 320p . avi and/or replay files because youtube and twitch were n't even a thing . 
  sponsors would donate three graphic cards and a hard drive to give to the five on the winning team while the losing teams were out 250 bucks for the entry fee . 
  that is true , but eventually the question will be `` esl or mlg/red bull/whoknowswhat '' due to scheduling and that 's when it bites them . 
  because it 's fucking hilarious, 
  you 'd think years and years of british rule would have brought something more useful to india other than poverty and cricket . 
  did n't they live together with perisic or something ? 
  portokasse on lockdown . 
  the most worthwhile of shitposts . 
  they 're italian , it 's probably tax reasons . 
  they invite the combination of the five players , not each one individually . 
  that 's what he 's saying . 
  except there had never been a single incident suggesting so . 
  iirc , quite the contrary is the case . 
  this is like object permanence for adults . 
  you do the thing , the thing gets done , you do n't do the thing , the thing does n't get done . 
  maybe she was a prostitute and the only one who gets it for free is her husband . 
  and then you hear a swede talk and you realize they 're nothing alike . 
  the passivest of agressions . 
  in every major european country the `` native '' population still outnumbers immigrants and foreigners 20:1 . 
  the current onslaught of north african immigrants may to a large extent be temporary as well , as they 're waiting to return once their countries are safe again . 
  that 's some nice xenophobia you 're spouting . 
  difference is that bayern has a formidable rb as backup , while germany ... does n't . 
  calhanoglu is crazy . 
  if he continues improving the rest of his play he could get beckham level fame for his free kicks . 
  you do n't remember what a beast toni was when he came to bayern , yet you talk shit about everyone 's opinion everywhere . 
  are you a dedicated troll or are you just a massive turd ? 
   douglas costa just sprinting down the wing and beating men with sheer pace for a cross into the center to m\u00fcller ... flashes of early ribery and toni come to mind . 
  read this again and then tell me who played which role in this scenario . 
  probably a bigger deal to mother and father , though . 
  this reads like one of those comments on / r/gw where creeps explain in detail how they want to smash that pussy but instead about , y' know , soccer . 
  he 's just giving his opinion on dota for no reason . 
  everyone is talking about the respective economic models and you go off on the gameplay . 
  after a few years of everyone arguing and eventually coming to terms with the fact that everyone has different tastes you still think you add to the discussion . 
  are * you * new ? 
  he did n't bring dota up , someone else did , he just commented something entirely unrelated to the discussion . 
   a club of fish heads, 
  just to make it clear , i have nothing to do with bremen . 
  they look like they had to kill a bulletproof snake for them . 
  no , but intensive reporting . 
  it felt like there were two news items a day for this one . 
  and it 's not like anything interesting or dramatic was reported , it was always `` we want kevin ! '', 
  `` give money ! '', 
  `` enough ? '', 
  `` no , more ! '', 
  i did n't really catch much of fabregas compared to this one and bale at least had an infinite amount of monkey jokes attached to it to make it entertaining . 
  and the neymar transfer at least had hookers and parties , so i 'll give it a pass . 
  this one was just boring in the end . 
  he 's only been there for a day and he already looks like he 's held against his will . 
  hindsight is 20/20 . 
  maybe you arm chair managers should take a step back for a while . 
  ca n't even google phil jones without being instantly reminded of his gurn . 
  wait , the team is n't called fc bayern s\u00e4bener stra\u00dfe ? 
  i just call them sv . 
  fucks with people 's heads . 
  you 're talking about bayern , right ? 
  german clubs should teach their players english instead of german and pray for some resale value . 
  what kinda fucking key-and-peele sketch sounding name is that, 
  would n't hypocorrection mean you 'd correct less/too little ? 
  e : i should fucking look at the comic first , lest i look like a complete idiot . 
  with vigor and urgency . 
  grossman has to be the least offensive and lowest effort nickname you could give him . 
   arg\u00e9lico fucks ( born 4 september 1974 ) , commonly known as argel, 
  why would you do that ? 
  e : this guy fucks , though . 
   nice to see suarez poking light-hearted fun at his dental problem . 
  it does indeed seem like they were trying to force united to take navas as part of the deal by leaving united no time to look for a different replacement . 
  i should have become a footballer . 
  i 'm very good at sitting around and waiting out contracts . 
  i would have made mad bank .
