   the unification of europe is , very quietly , one of the most important humanitarian achievements in modern western history . 
  that is almost word for word what our late chancellor helmut schmidt said about the greatest achievement of the 20th century if i remember correctly . 
  american football unites the rest of the world in a feeling of complete disinterest if that counts for anything . 
  a true legend to score goals with assists from ronaldo . 
  at least the keeper 's not a 12 year old circus freak . 
  i bought one of his books at the hamburg central station a month ago . 
  had i known about my powers i would have bought something about is in aleppo . 
  you make a shitty doctor who episode about it . 
  i always rated the leader of is . 
  hallo bnd . 
  that 's what i do n't understand about people complaining about all the memes and injokes . 
  this is exactly how i talk with my friends about soccer , the tired jokes , the repeated dumb opinions and the shitty banter . 
  you 're all my friends here . 
  please keep being shit . 
  you 'd think they 're paying is enough to not get blown up . 
  people are not terribly fashionable here , and since they are n't you do n't need to worry about sticking out either . 
  you 'll mostly see standard h&m with a few punk influences i guess . 
  as far as what you need i guess it 's a pair of boots with decent grip because the few cobblestone roads every city has can get tricky and the weather is usually only out to fuck you over ( i.e. 
  rain right after snow , making everything super slippery ) . 
  a decent coat that goes well with a scarf or one that covers your neck since it can get pretty breezy here . 
  i would n't know how to describe the general dress here , but it 's pretty hard to stand out negatively , unless you 're dirty or smelly obviously . 
  people generally do well not to judge you on your appearance as long as you 're clean . 
  `` has the suspect told you his name ? '', 
  `` something along the lines of nainggolan !? '', 
  `` we 'll be right there once we found our roma shirts '', 
  thank fuck i 'm white and blond and doughy and you can tell i am a giant pussy from a thousand feet away . 
  well my family lived in the same village for 250 years at least my biography will be concise . 
  in europe 200 miles is a long distance and in america 200 years is a long time . 
  unlike those loser 20 year old millionaires that fly all over the world to be watched by hundreds of thousands of fans . 
  cut a hole in the boxers where your asshole is . 
  if there 's no fabric , nothing can get stuck . 
  you are forgiven , usain . 
  did he fuck brand or what, 
  definitely got the hands of a builder . 
  sure , but our villages and towns are still hundreds if not thousands of years old and so is our cultural identity . 
  therefore we view time and space a lot differently than americans . 
  that 's what the phrase is referring to . 
  because noone in brazil listens to music ? 
  music kanye helps shape ? 
  it 's like you 're hellbent on missing the point . 
  why do you think i remember after 3 months ? 
  do i really need to explain how musicians are influenced by more internationally successful musicians ? 
  what ? 
  gravesen looks like a model !, 
  a model for bomber jackets and jump boots , but a model nonetheless . 
  i 'd wear it on a shirt ** ironically ** . 
   hazard, 
  choreographed dancing . 
  no , robbery is better because they steal points . 
  and in hindsight , 49m $ total for that striking power is a steal , too . 
  something tells me that this wiki page is so niche , someone from malm\u00f6 made it to brag about their city . 
  the tower actually bent over for him , because he is zlatan and the other thing is only a tower and there is a pecking order . 
  [ not every city can have tits for buildings , sorry . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/87/milwaukee_domes_night.jpg ), 
  oh shit , your state is so forgettable i actually forgot minneapolis exists . 
  that 's mostly because i 'm watching red letter media videos every day . 
   coman is younger, 
  and french and on loan and arguably one of the biggest prospects at the moment ? 
  since they 're regularly keeping dortmund of your back , would you consider kindly giving boateng back ? 
   within a culture, 
  see , everyone , all those vardy jokes are n't memes . 
  because we have no culture in this sub . 
  you look like a korean couple that 's going through a racial identity crisis . 
  but that 's like saying a given food retailer does n't produce food . 
  of course it does n't , it 's not in the food industry , it 's in the retail industry . 
  yeah of course , because it 's a retail service . 
  that 's like saying wal mart is n't a food retailer because they do n't produce most of their goods themselves . 
  it 's just a bit funny is all . 
  ai n't no party like a vardy party cos a vardy party goes unnoticed for ten years and then breaks records, 
  to be fair , he 's still a joke , just not in the sense you thought . 
   ever had to do number 2 in a public place with everyone watching ? 
  yes , am charmin spokesmodel now . 
  i like to think his name used to be smokemore but that was n't the message he wanted to send into the world so he had his name changed . 
  then there 's anotherjuan . 
  thank fuck it 's not real then . 
  goes to prove that all emmas are hot as fuck . 
  do n't they have ticket scanners ? 
  not that the info could n't be faked , but it would certainly help the police to get a proper number . 
  do you ever spook her like by hiding behind curtains or smth, 
  cruise seems like the type of dude who is actually super friendly to everyone but was too friendly to the wrong crowd and now he 's caught up in some weird shit because of them . 
  even in the end , where the old villain man would suddenly be a hand to hand combat master in a lesser movie , you can tell john wick has his number from the start . 
  he is only dangerous because he is better armed . 
  and the fact that everyone knows wick , and knows he 's dangerous and is scared shitless is so refreshing . 
  he has to point out it 's females because 2/9 of his examples for more attractive people are men but he 's not gay . 
  at least give him one though . 
  this way it 's just mean . 
  seems a lot of effort for a pun that will not work in german . 
  death by a thousand cuts, 
  you really ca n't when all you do is live in the light of past success . 
  true , true . 
  and actual noise in the stadium , but that 's about it . 
  can you elaborate on what your point is ? 
  the memes on the sub go round and round, 
  because that 's what media personalities do !, 
  nah , it 'll be ultraslim . 
  basically a spaghetto . 
  bell pepper knowledge overload in this thread, 
  well , psv has always been known in the footballing world , while i still always somehow think gent is a spelling error of a more known place . 
  shit rager, 
  to add to this , i 'm personally not very offended by the n-word , but that 's because i 'm white and european and have never seen raw cotton .
