  i think the lower-league support in england is just so much higher . 
  the team in my german town is top 3 in the regionalliga nord ( 4th division ) and barely gets 700 people to the pitch . 
  to be fair , handball is a lot more popular here and the gym is almost always full at 6500 . 
  and people say us germans are goofy for wearing sandals with socks . 
  ingenuity is what it is i say . 
  not only that , he 's also never been close to working or middle class . 
  in fact , he and his company repeatedly and reportedly shat all over people that are smaller than him via lawsuits and threats of them . 
  not enough space for french though . 
  he will build the tower of babylon and give god our misunderstandings back . 
  everyone will speak all of the languages and none of the languages and it will be amazing . 
  first of all you got the syntax wrong , secondly people with down syndrome do n't deserve to be associated with this turd burger . 
  as far as i can tell the first real wave of `` it is in high demand , study that and you 'll be rich '' - era kids have flooded the market so now they 're looking for specialized people that work at lower wages than was promised to that generation . 
  i still think that as a decent programmer you can still be solidly middle class and higher depending on your aspirations . 
  are you a bot or do you think the term alter ego comes from mtg ? 
  the arctic warfare is always shipped with a scope , so it 's literally always a sniper rifle . 
  it does n't even have regular sights . 
  yeah but every fucking rifle with only telescopic sights are used to shoot long range , making them sniper rifles . 
  we 're talking about the awp being a sniper rifle all the time , not sniper rifles always having a scope . 
  reading back , i think so too . 
  i think i was annoyed that people went out of their way to misunderstand op while you just argued that the m1 is a bad example . 
  hope i got it right this time . 
  i want to see you try to bring up the commitment to play three hours a day with a hot as balls model girlfriend , kids , a million euro estate , a job and literally the world at your feet . 
  he might as well go ` you know what , i wan na shoot real people today . 
  and bring hookers for my dad ', 
  lol that 's like when i told my mom i want to live with her and told my dad i want to live with him just to see who would leak to the divorce attorney but in the end i was put up for adoption that 's when i knew i could trust them both < 3 you both ma and pa call me if you read this i miss you, 
  the pressure on that kid though . 
  i 'd think the 10 shirt at barca youth is some sort of holy grail . 
  if that 's what you brits gossip about you deserve your yellow press . 
  probably the older people who grew up with russian . 
  either messi jr. or the unluckiest little fucker in the world . 
  my strengths are running , shooting and smoothly navigating race relations in a heated social climate in video games . 
  also the most liked . 
  fame and infamy go hand in hand . 
  eriksen looks like he hosts a youtube show about jrpgs in this picture . 
  i was once called into my major 's office to make a statement because a fellow soldier shat into another one 's gas mask . 
  the night before we moved units . 
  the turd had a weekend 's time to stew in a closed luggage bag with all his other stuff . 
  i 'm pretty sure you just get recruited into a secret league of stateless , nameless assassins . 
  rio mavuba is actually just the spanish name for the river at which he has his last-ditch hide-out . 
  i have n't watched them until today because i always thought ` how interesting can a kid be that reviews chicken in a city you do n't live in ? ', 
  turns out : very . 
  not everyone knows your fancy med school terms, 
  goes right on the list of medical appliances that turn out to be terribly harmful along with cigarettes , cocaine and shock therapy . 
  exactly !, 
  the scientists claiming climate change exists are all climatologists whose jobs depend on climate change !, 
  because everyone knows without it there would n't be climate !, 
  or something . 
  probably because it reminds patients that it can always get worse . 
  vincent littlehat is wonderful . 
  like neil patrick harris in gone girl !, 
  like fuck she is . 
  she is * the * establishment . 
  if anything sanders would have been alt-left . 
  alt is short for alternative , the alternative to the established protagonists . 
  they rose internationally because the far righters were disappointed in the old right . 
  if that is so , bernie is the alternative for leftists disappointed by the supposed liberal party . 
  i do n't know what in my comment suggests that . 
  i just do n't think your terminology makes any sense . 
  charitywatch for example . 
  like , institutions that examine charities . 
  i do n't understand how you people can be so daft as to having to ask that question . 
  look at your post history and you 'll figure it out . 
  how many americans travel to aleppo for their honeymoon each year ? 
  no wonder mom banged him, 
  stage 1, 
  still criminally overlooked by l\u00f6w . 
  that comment was actually a bit more tongue in cheek , especially since he was a bit of a meme during the 2006 wc for his playstyle . 
  but i do think he could have been a good addition for some of the tougher matches . 
   what is this , a reasonable comment ? 
  i thought this was reddit : =o, 
  he 's so dedicated to the premier league he got the st. george cross in his mouth . 
  oh absolutely , * now * we do n't need him anymore , since he 's gotten old too . 
  but in 2012 we were n't really all that blessed in terms of upcoming talent ( i 'd also add s\u00fcle to those you mentioned ) . 
  i think you could 've made a case against constantly-injured badstuber in favor of him . 
  it 's january 6 . 
  let the kids jerk a bit before soccer really starts again . 
  e : fuck , it 's the 7th . 
  the time for shitposting is over boys . 
   play time, 
  fuck yes . 
  my 21 y/o lf complains about playing time when he 's played almost every bundesliga match and he 's always too tired to play cl or cup . 
  and even then , i still got brandt at a higher rating ahead of him for my `` a '' team . 
  and oh seung soo , you little korean kiddie fuckwad , you 're not `` too good for the team '' . 
  you win the cl every year , and you 're playing next to pogba , who is still 94 rated . 
  fuck off back to seoul you shithead . 
  i do n't know who you are . 
  i do n't know what you want . 
  if you are looking for livable wages , i can tell you i do n't have money . 
  but what i do have are a very particular set of skills , skills i have acquired over a very long career of browsing futhead . 
  skills that make me a nightmare for people like you . 
  if your potential is below 94 , that 'll be the end of it . 
  i will not look for you , i will not pursue you . 
  but if it is not , i will look for you , i will find you , and i will sign you on a contract for 500 $ a week until you 're 85 rated and playing well below your pay grade . 
  it 's the sticky at the top . 
  it 's still annoying when you win everything and you 're still at 70 manager rating because the youth player objective is so hard to understand correctly or keep track of or you have buggy ones like the season ticket one when your stadium is full . 
  i see you have a bruno ferreira . 
  i also have two bruno ferreiras in my current squad . 
  is bruno ferreira the thomas m\u00fcller of brazil ? 
  or raise your own fucking wage beyond 15k $, 
  i do n't know where the cut-off is but i also won the triple with dresden and the next season i had like a 15m $ budget .
