  well , you 're not banned yet , so it ca n't be quite as bad . 
  because it 's hip to change to a different sprache in the middle of a sentence . 
  send him to hamburg then . 
  sounds exactly like the kind of person they 'd need . 
  do n't you dare destroy memes and fun, 
  i think ea realized a lot of people miss the features from earlier fifa games where you could actually do something with your money , and this is their way to reintroduce those features . 
  it 's about how they come to that conclusion . 
  and bavarians hate the sauprei\u00dfn . 
  you could technically say the same about bill gates but with its obvious that he spends not only a lot of his money on his foundation but also time and personal effort . 
  beyonce does n't spend all that much money and not even thought . 
  of course not . 
  i literally ca n't afford locally made clothes , i need a computer and a phone for work just to get by . 
  i accept that i benefit from a system of historical exploitation . 
  that does n't mean i have to approve of any of it , or that i can say i wish things were different , or that i would trade in some of my general first world wealth for everyone else to do a little bit better . 
  but the way the system works right now is that we rely on cheap third world labor . 
  i 'm german and many , if not most of our art and artist is state funded , especially tv and movies and classical music as well as theater . 
  either by the country or in eu programs . 
  there 's plenty of grants for film makers , authors etc. 
  together with a working social security net social democracy can work fine for small time artists that have merit . 
  the crux is that shitty artist as opposed to shitty factory workers is that they provide nothing of value to a society . 
  at least he helps eradicate malaria from an entire poverty stricken continent in the process . 
  beyonce seems to support the demographic that buys her albums with minute amounts of money . 
  you did see that ending with the animal shelter right ? 
  never said he was a saint , all i said was that beyonc\u00e9 is multitudes scummier . 
  [ so ... a level beyond mr. kobayashi here ? 
  at this point it 's just 20m + n where n = what bundesliga teams would pay . 
  are you french just easy to content or are you really the first country that likes their commentators i 've heard of ? 
  i do n't particularly understand how this article applies to lsc . 
  it 's a man who had a lapse in judgment after another man who had repeatedly been told not to enter the store caused a stir . 
  as tragic as the situation is , the law worked as intended , the shop owner could 've been pretty much anyone else and the victim might as well have been rich . 
  e : the most disgusting thing about that article are the comments . 
  i sure fucking hope so , because it 's the only i can think of why some movies only have shitty german dubs instead of the original sound . 
  \\ #germanlivesmatter, 
  phobic does n't just mean afraid , it means rejecting . 
  hydrophobic surfaces are n't scared of water . 
  * feet *, 
  soziale alternative f\u00fcr nationale deutsche arbeiter linker einstellung, 
  sandale, 
  hamburg was really quick , but they did n't lose their fans . 
  also not cl quality . 
  maybe it 's schalke 's year , but they wo n't lose fans either . 
  yes , the premier league has way more hard core fans than the serie a. 
  we have one of those , too , but we still manage to love gerald asamoah and hans sarpei and they were n't even good . 
  that 's the sex number, 
  i thought that was obvious, 
  she just said that so you wo n't get suspicious when she comes home from college with bruised knees . 
  what does the ` dons ' stand for ? 
  / r/soccer is like talking about soccer with your friends . 
  everyone has in-jokes with their friends . 
  and most people 's friends are sometimes a little retarded . 
  i have a hard time coming to terms with the idea that germany might have the legitimately best players in a position and are not just better than the sum of their parts . 
  did n't know we measured money in meters . 
  10 goals in 3 games as a sub and * i * do n't fit the system ? 
  how ` bout you fuck off , gaffer !, 
  go ahead and dig him up then, 
  i do n't know how ducks fuck . 
  there , i said it . 
  there are three options basically :, 
  he runs his mouth without thinking , which is dangerous . 
  he does n't know the judicial process in his own country , which is dangerous . 
  he does n't care about the judicial process in his own country , which is probably the worst . 
  twatford, 
  he 's 60m talent with a 15m haircut and a 15m signature move . 
  heiner brandt for national coach . 
  does n't change the fact that it is literally not his position , unfortunately . 
  to hire you for his father 's yacht parties obviously, 
  `` brain '' drain, 
  m\u00fcller is also still 23 and a rising talent . 
  in my heart . 
   be the face of global marketing campaigns . 
  oh yeah , dem barbecues are a true paradigm shift . 
  obviously , i just ca n't help but think of weber barbecues , because they look like something a local footballer would make on local tv . 
  there 's also the campaign for m\u00fcller dairy products , featuring thomas m\u00fcller and gerd m\u00fcller . 
  you can use that extra money to buy a new one . 
  over here ideology meters are covered by mandatory health insurance . 
  that means you 're not working hard enough . 
  because if you work harder you will get a raise and promotion 100 % . 
  that 's how the system works , and that 's why your peers are happy to work 25 % more than me, 
  expands ! = ex pants, 
  the david luiz principle . 
  schwa is the 15/16 hazard of phonetics . 
  is everywhere , but never really does anything . 
  trying not to be an ass , but do you learn nothing about phonetics in school ? 
  not as funny if you 're talking to a korean . 
  we started learning the phonetic alphabet in 5th grade in english classes , i figured it would feature at some point , at least in second language education . 
  well , 5th grade is high school here , and with our three-tiered school system surely not everyone did the same that we did . 
  others in university were surprised too when i told them we already learned that stuff, 
  this looks like something suicide squad would do . 
  holy shit , that movie 's soundtrack choices were grating after a while . 
  now that they 're tearing down hitler 's birth house it just seems fair to get rid of the mozart places too . 
  hey , you 're also in a group with berlin and flensburg of cities that housed the german government last century !, 
  next time let tim , the pr intern , do the match day lineup then if that bothers you so much . 
  ruhr is just the river , it should be ruhr area or pott , obviously . 
  i think missgunst might be close to what you 're looking for . 
  i think i paid 200 $ in dresden and 175 $ of that was the ticket . 
   fun fact : champagne and sparkling wine taxes were introduced to finance the imperial warship armada in 1902 - we still pay it . 
  if it keeps the gorch fock running , i 'm fine with that . 
  cricket was just invented to round up the able workers in the colonies during tea time . 
  the key words are ` recognized as ' . 
  that would mean certain benefits , eg .
