  that does n't mean i do n't have to show sympathy when that word is hurtful to others . 
  for them the word holds a stronger meaning that i ca n't comprehend , so i 'll just not say it , simply because i have no intention to hurt them . 
  i think i stopped following sc 2 because the games were getting so stale and patches never helped break up the meta , all while hots , for me , created a rift for me that would have me decide how much money and time i want to invest and that was around the time i switched to dota . 
  bang getted !, 
  half a season of every team saying that to cover their bases , yet chelsea always manages to prove them wrong . 
  at some point you just have to wonder if a picture of poop is n't just easier to draw . 
  stuhl in german , like stool in english , means both a seat as well as shit . 
  why are people so surprised by almost-homophones when we have plenty of homonyms ? 
  if the inevitable sports movie about leicester does n't start with that shit i 'm calling for a jihad, 
  what did i tell you, 
  i 've been staring at the one remaining pill for the better half of the last hour now . 
  who ever it was that decided to shape and color my medication so similarly , if not identical , must have predicted my situation way ahead of me . 
  when i agreed to this experiment , i did n't expect the side effects of the pills , the migraine , the twisted stomach . 
  noone told me . 
  but they do n't know that i 've been running my own experiment . 
  on each day they send someone to check up on my vitals , i throw away one of the pills . 
  they must be content knowing that their pills work . 
  because i have n't killed * myself * yet . 
  i know that if they tested my blood flow during certain moments we 'd get weird conclusions about honey melons , the movie classic birth of a nation , vladimir putin and just sitting in a dark and silent room . 
  my erections are the one thing that i have less control over and that are more volatile than my life . 
  the same reason i watch other people masturbate on the internet . 
  it looks better and less clumsy when they do it . 
  i obviously have n't been in combat , but i highly doubt the amount of weight saved on lighter plastic makes any difference in a gun as light as the g36 . 
  yeah , the public sector for their assault rifles in germany is already looking for alternatives . 
   ( pakistanis are starting to distrust the saudis ), 
  but why would anyone distrust the saudis, 
  he 's only asking for half his wages . 
  so he has to be mildly content with his average height and fond of middle aged masseuses . 
  it 's a ploy by m\u00fcller to get a better sign-on deal out of united . 
  the jewest, 
  there are greaser/rockabilly subcultures all over the world . 
  and current american culture is so pervasive , there is nothing subcultural about it . 
  the guy from new girl made sitting , waiting , watching ? 
  i think he 's saying that for every chelsea , there 's a man city and for every real there 's a barcelona , but there 's no team that realistically can keep up with bayern over a long period of time . 
  crying because he did n't know which team to support after chelsea turned to shit at the beginning of this season ? 
  oh i think we 've all seen the church of fudge to know how that works , am i right , guys ? 
  are you afraid you 'd be your roommale 's roomfemale if you 'd put them out ? 
  i would guess the major reason for the acquisition was due to the staff and infrastructure in the first place . 
  seems illogical to let them go at this point . 
  the corridor was rolling too, 
  why would one measure a creative effort by perceived iq ? 
   i 'm tired of the club being run like a country club instead of a business . 
  cue soccernomics quotes . 
  lahm seems to be a bit too held back to me . 
  of the germans i could see schweinsteiger a lot more as a coach . 
  pirlo has been looking like a coach for at least 10 years now anyway . 
  both are . 
  very similar to coman actually . 
  although that loan seems to make more sense in the end . 
  bayern * could * , he has the competitive spirit to fit the team and they could use a winger to replace the aging and injury-prone robbery . 
  however , this is not a bayern transfer at all in terms of price and prospect , they would only rejuvinate by 1/2 years and bayern are nifty enough to grab someone more or less undiscovered for a ** lot ** less . 
  like milan and inter . 
  how can you not enjoy his polish joie de vivre , mixed with the typical german joie de vivre , mixed with the ruhrpott joie de vivre . 
   does n't that make them more difficult then ? 
  how many dribbles do n't even get a player near the box ? 
  the whole argument is useless . 
  if you 're reus , you 're probably better off dribbling , if you 're kroos you 're more likely to shoot from afar . 
  they 're both tools to the same means , with so incredibly many variables to evaluate precisely . 
  `` too late , i 've seen everything '', 
  the islamic world is not so homophobic after all . 
  \\ #progress, 
  since you 're both on / r/soccer as well as married you could say you 're chatting shit and getting banged . 
  well done . 
  why does it say vlensborg . 
  we already have plenty of danish signs around . 
  they have decided to call it flensborg . 
  i do n't like this map . 
  let the dutchies keep the pott though . 
  and i did n't realize munich could be any worse until they were made austrian . 
  why not cut corners and go straight to randomactsofblowjob at this point, 
  that 's why i said that loan made sense . 
  but if i remember correctly they also did n't add a buy clause which does n't really make him a fix to the permanent problem of robbery 's replacement . 
  then i stand corrected . 
  if you steal a sweater from a clothing store and i take a shit in the dressing room and then come up to you and say : `` you should n't do that , stealing hurts the business , '' how would you react, 
  of course he is . 
  if we all went `` hmm , dani , this is a good point , i 'll think about that , '' why would go to a discussion board . 
  he voiced his opinion , as is his right , and everyone here discusses how his opinion is hypocritical . 
  his opinion is n't free of judgment . 
   `` the referee 's not my buddy , sorry '', 
  because stereotypes are fun, 
  ... but chains and whips excite me ? 
  well , other than original appearance . 
  cat stevens made some good music . 
  i do n't think buffon is the correct person to prove your point . 
  he has always been rated top three or five when he had the right to be . 
  neuer is just the epitome of goalkeeping at the moment , at the very least in most people 's minds . 
  ki means k\u00fcnstliche intelligenz , artificial intelligence ( ai ) in english . 
   10 hours , no response, 
  enjoy your solitude . 
  i do n't know what any of those things are but it sounds terrible . 
  pair it with the jewish museum , jewish memorial and sachsenhausen . 
  go ahead and ruin your week . 
  i used to go with a group of my friends for a week once or twice a year when i was in school . 
  was n't very calm . 
  but the point i was arguing was n't which people like more . 
  it 's which is harder . 
  i can tell you which painting i like better , but discussing whether munch 's scream or hopper 's nighthawks was harder to paint misses not only the point but is useless because either one could n't paint like each other in the first place . 
  yeah but if you want to fix ribery 's teeth you might as well just give in and buy a new winger . 
  that 's the kind of shit that would flood the uefa with money . 
  the vast majority of ddosing in esports is directly related to skype 's lack of security when it comes to handling ip adresses .
