  if you look at limitless with bradley cooper for example , it 's essentially the same premise but his pills and their effect make infinitely more sense . 
  he uses his brain for brain shit . 
  i 'm pretty sure not all neurons are firing constantly , otherwise we 'd shit ourselves constantly . 
  yeah , the only reason he 's not in the premier league is because noone can afford him . 
  the reinheitsgebot is just a marketing tool at this point in time . 
  do n't make us sound more nitpicky than we are . 
  we still would n't drink it though . 
  first of all , we do n't drink pale ales . 
  that 's probably half of your microbrews gone right there . 
  second of all , we have hundreds of established beers , no american branded beer would break into the market . 
  and if you 're saying `` we have this german style microbrew in that one bar in pennsylvania that 's really good , '' then that 's not really a statement about american beer in general , is it ? 
  definitely ugly . 
  americans just wallin ' up to keep the mexicans out . 
  i do n't know , bremen needed a savior and he did n't convince anyone in the prem in the few chances he got . 
  this seems more like a one step back two steps forward type of deal for him . 
  how could he not be with a name like that . 
  ** \u00c4 s t h e t i k **, 
  because the max is 99 ? 
  on grass with different boots , i do n't think that difference is that substantial . 
  especially since aubameyang even claims he 's faster than bolt in the first 30 meters . 
  he did start with manchester united , now he 's just going down the ranks till he finds a club that 'll take him . 
  in terms of money , acclaim and personal admiration for bolt , yes . 
  on the other hand , i genuinely believe that you could elevate any second division team by putting messi in the squad much more than you could with ronaldo . 
  i just think leo is a much more important impact player , he just did n't have to be in barca at their prime . 
  he seems to love football , let him have it . 
  there have been plenty second tier players around the world whose only benefit is their physical presence . 
  i 'd love it just for the novelty of it . 
  yeah , it 's basically just a favor bvb did for puma and puma did for bolt . 
  it might not come from the intent to promote something , but it 's definitely not an attempt to recruit bolt either . 
  but messi also scores a similar amount , if not more goals . 
  i have absolutely nothing against ronaldo , but just by virtue of messi regularly and on all stages being able to just win a match on his own puts him slightly above ronaldo to me , because that should be what you 're looking for in a world 's best player in my opinion . 
  why ? 
  what about ruben neves ? 
  not really . 
  you brought up ronaldo going forward more energetically , which i assumed meant he was a better goalscorer or creator of assists , which i disagree with , given that messi can do just the same when he needs to . 
  i 'm not bringing in cold hard statistics , just saying they 're playing in the same ball park . 
  for me , messi 's link-up play however is better , as is his potential to create chances on his own with the defense in front of him . 
  what i said or at least intended to say is that in any given situation ( open field , defense in position , counter attacking , build-up play ) , messi is the player you 'd most want to have 95 % of the time ahead of ronaldo or anyone else . 
  i do n't know , that 's why i 'm asking, 
  almost like we 're expert on that subject with first hand experience . 
  you play to be an ass ? 
  for now you do , but you 'll get sick and tired of it soon enough . 
  remember , the inception trailer was pretty dope when it came out too , now it just seems like satire . 
   months after its china release it will then be released in the us ,, 
  where it will flop because casting him is racist white washing . 
  what are you even trying to say ? 
  maybe not for you , but for hamburg he 's been playing way way way below his pay grade . 
  oh my god i 'm crying at work . 
  atouba is a god . 
  i think i have this video around 8 times in my reddit save list . 
  just too good to not constantly be part of my life . 
  wow , johnson going straight for the cock . 
  does one really have to add an / s to fucking everything ? 
  he looks almost like you could have a beer with him by the lake and maybe talk him out of the holocaust thing . 
  someone tell hillary that * this * is what a nazi meme looks like . 
  that 's why i love football . 
  for 90 minutes you can hate a country with a passion with no recourse for ultimately irrelevant reasons . 
  imagine merkel said san marino is irrelevant and valentini responding the way this guy did . 
  then why did they not go to see it live ? 
  plenty of tickets were still available . 
  if a small team is that good , they should easily make it through potential pre-qualifiers though . 
  make coontown unbanned again !, 
  i guess because there 's not really one ingredient that is n't interchangable that makes sodas more unhealthy than other drinks . 
  all tobacco is always more harmful than not smoking at all . 
  if you want to tax the sugar in sodas you 'll have to tax everything with sugar in it . 
  and then you basically have to tax near every food item . 
   lets not forget joachim low said that iceland and wales where destroying the euros after 2 rounds of the group stages . 
  honest to god fuck him and thes arrogant german players . 
  he said the ec should not be extended to 24 teams . 
  he said nothing specifically about wales or iceland . 
  in fact , as far as i can tell , both of those teams would have qualified in a 16 team ec as well , so i think he implicitly did * not * mean those two countries . 
  the thing is , i do n't even disagree with you . 
  and in what sense does he say they were bad ? 
   but they do that well . 
  the smaller nations like albania or wales are defensively very well schooled . 
  make his peepee go up, 
  i was n't allowed to read harry potter because my parents raised me on hatefilled anti-muggle rhetoric . 
  mudbloods are scum too . 
  long live voldemort . 
  i was in london for vacay two weeks ago and i went into this little shop to buy a dope-ass princess diana postcard to send to my friend when suddenly an audi i8 stops by . 
  who steps out but the ugliest , fattest slav with tracksuit and all . 
  i think you have to be some kind of shitty person to own cool cars . 
  i 'm gay, 
  shit do i have to hand in my german passport now ? 
  it 'll be great for me because i 'm a hotel receptionist . 
  e : i just realized that i 'm technically front end , too . 
  maybe it 's just supposed to say ' i anal you ' ? 
  i could appeal to your sense of social morality , but that might be a lost cause . 
  hallo til . 
  so it 's you and latvia . 
  cool . 
  sounds pretty australian . 
  are you a spy ? 
  i 'm at no liberty to say . 
  my geheime staatspolizei would n't be very geheim if i told you now , would it ? 
  did n't we just tell you about bumsklumpen ? 
  wayne brady 's twin brother, 
  cleopatra , caesar and marc anthony are the ultimate power couple . 
  the alt-right americans here on reddit are already busy campaigning marine le pen . 
  reddit is really getting more unbearable by the day .
