  but having only played mgs1 and read up on the others , it feels to me like that one was a bit more aware of its schlock than this one . 
  iirc it says in the sbh review that ocelot and the others have no real personality and that 's why quiet does n't quite hit the mark for me . 
  her weird characteristics are the only ones in a group full of persons that are nothing story progression tools . 
  if ocelot was weird like in pw ( ? ), 
  and miller had an actual personality etc. 
  she would n't stand out so much for having a gimmick . 
  iirc sbh published pro-gg videos when that shit started so i doubt he is blindly whiteknighting . 
  chew combines the health damage , disgusting visuals and the lacking necessity of an extra break at work , what 's not to love ? 
  he had the benefit of not having to test him on 8 different positions . 
  alaba ca n't even get close to kevin 's kebab aim . 
  and the way kevin covers his area , like hotel lobbies , is something alaba can only dream of . 
  i feel like the british only come off as cultured during the day , until the changing of guards at 8pm and then all the lowlives come out . 
  billion dollar club and still worse camera work than the video we made for our 7th grade trip to south ribble . 
  and probably still full of incest . 
  as far as i know m\u00fcller invests a lot in his girl 's horseback riding career by building a stable etc. 
  if that nasa person had sex on moon rocks i 'm certain someone managed to fuck on an expensive painting . 
  ca n't show off hedge fund papers . 
  why do n't you try to light a cigarette in a cold and rainy night in stoke . 
  european nobility usually takes 3-4 generations to widen their gene pool by one or two people . 
  it 's my impression that brazil is in the phase of waiting for the next big superstar since brazil was last on the top of their game in 2002 . 
  so many failed talents , especially strikers , since then , i 'm sure many faltered simply due to the pressure . 
  * let freekick ring *, 
   i just feel uncomfortable about having animals killed to feed me . 
  so you 're saying you 'd eat more meat if they 'd let you kill it yourself ? 
  nine million bicycles in my ass, 
  i 'm on that katie melua shit, 
  four 90-min episodes of 34 year-old alexis bledel doing her taxes like a responsible adult i hope . 
  alec baldwin as carlo ancelotti, 
  it 's got a lot to do with america being super rich during the days of digital advent . 
  with new technology emerging at a much faster rate i can see the eu catch up drastically in the next 50 years if we manage to stay together . 
  that 's what dating is you poor , sexless bastard . 
  this comment chain finally explains why i did n't get fucked until after high school and leaving the continent . 
  but it would have a stretched '' - es , '' right ? 
  like `` moyees '', 
  sums up british history of colonialization in one sentence . 
  and somehow hamburg manages to ruin schalke 's title win on the last day in the last minute with a draw in a relegation match . 
  someone posted a cnn ? 
  interview with him recently about him and his horseback riding girlfriend a while back , his english was decent enough . 
  he 's not been out of school for * that * long after all . 
  i 'm sure as a world renowned footballer you get enough chances to speak english , even if it 's only to converse with your hot as fuck serbian girlfriend . 
  but even with all the money the bpl teams get compared to bundesliga teams they still can offer ~ 400 players first team experience . 
  german mentality as a whole still mostly values living comfortably over vast riches , because living comfortably is still pretty good here ( i 'm mostly referring to life after soccer for mediocre players here ) . 
  so it 's going to take a really long while before the idea `` when i get big , i want to play in europe '' will take hold . 
  i think ( and this is completely my presumption ) the average south american player comes from a way worse environment than the average german player , so it 's obviously more tempting to make as much money as possible in your footballing career ( i.e. 
  go to europe ) and then live the rest of your life off of it in the home country . 
  of course you have to make use of those chances too . 
  it said `` arrested and charged , '' which he was , before he was released on bail . 
  what are you talking about . 
  i can make myself a pollock , does n't mean all pollocks are worth the same as my shitty painting . 
  sure , but if you have enough gold to make golden lego replicas to the scale of art replicas you can do a lot more sensible stuff with that amount of gold . 
  there are people who get a bloody dick every month , do n't be upset . 
  what are you talking about , he fit right in with hamburg , duh, 
  i think he 's saying that arsenal is big enough for a player like fabregas . 
  `` ein potpourri der torchancen '' is still burned into my mind . 
  noone outside the league would be interested in him though . 
  maybe he 'll go to st. etienne . 
   it would effectively be barcelona b , at best . 
  ... which for all we know is world class in the 3 years it 'd take them to reach ligue 1 . 
  holy shit , they have 1973 kegel d'or winner and vader abraham impersonator pietro cicchi in their squad !, 
  e : as i look through the squads , i 'm convinced that kegeln is the least cool sport ever . 
  i feel like there 's a story i do n't know yet ? 
  transparency man !, 
  fighter of the bribe man !, 
  the money spent also goes to your own people for the most part . 
  it 's basically keynesian economics , except that the population as a whole looks a lot more positively on a world cup than on a random bridge or highway being closed to be rebuilt . 
  oh , i know that story already . 
  i hoped it was something about buttstuff . 
  i would n't say it 's relevant , more like an afterbirth of this conversation . 
  if you did , you 'd certainly know about it . 
  they throw parties local students go to to meet maria , a hot but grounded flamenco dancer from barcelona , but all they get is short and chubby hugo from latvia , who is uncomfortably smug about his orthodox christian upbringing and thinks nibbling on a virgin screwdriver all night is `` breaking out of his shell . '', 
  i find it slightly comforting to know that if ronaldo did n't have the money to buy my whole family , i 'd at least have a better set of teeth on me . 
  to be fair , a plaque that says `` you done good that day '' is pretty useless in and of itself too . 
  the use is symbolic in which case a bottle and a trophy serve the same purpose . 
  i 'm not sure how common it is , but i used to be roommates with a brazilian 7th day adventist . 
  they 're not supposed to drink either , but mostly due to health reasons ( `` your body is a temple '' ) so i guess showering in it is fine . 
  beer is still mighty fucky for your body compared to all other beverages . 
  he was also a vegetarian with the occasional fish and the very very occasional red meat . 
  as far as i know those are just guidelines and not rules though , so i suppose there are adventists that drink socially . 
  maybe not the greatest english player , but at least the englishest great player . 
  e : terrible pk 's seem to be united 's primary scouting criterion for strikers . 
  of course you score more domestically , your keepers are english . 
  i thought i was supposed to not understand the jokes . 
  i guess , but it 's less of a `` if you drink you go against god 's word '' and more of a `` god told you to take care of yourself , wtf you doing ? '', 
  type of deal as far as i can tell . 
  maybe my perception is all wrong and hopefully someone can correct me if it is , but to me islam is more about following god 's will or you are unworthy of his love ( i know there are vastly different flavors of islam ) , while 7th day is more about god knowing that humans are flawed and you have to repay him for his love by being a good person . 
  kinda have to be when everyone you see in the media each year making millions start being younger than you . 
  so united strikers underperforming during pks could be considered law 's law ? 
  well , apparently you * can * stare at him for an awkward long time . 
  he could have said margeriten , or ambulanz etc. 
  to show german is not all that different , but that would 've made the video even more pointless . 
  alsace i suppose . 
  stop mistaking austrians for germans jesus fuck, 
  more like saying americans are anglo-saxons , which , well , they are for the most part . 
  the language for everyone , spoken by noone . 
  after seeing his daughter i 'd rather have him as a father-in-law . 
  the good thing about arsenezipper.gif is that you never know which one it is . 
  he 's so fucking cute i wan na put my finger in his mouth, 
  the moment before he was finally glad his main rival had a hormone deficiency . 
  nani 's punani maybe, 
   complains bond films provide no new ideas,
