  implying podolski is n't the best life coach there is . 
  we even do it for hertha bsc every now and then , so we 're fucking ourselves over with this weird habit . 
  that was the year kroos was at leverkusen , where it became obvious that he 's one of germany 's biggest talents . 
   transfers back to cologne for three years after a stint at bayern because it 's his home club, 
    thought he was too good for the medium club he was playing for, 
  i 'm pretty sure he means weigl in the sense of substitute because of his injury , not his play style . 
  [ for those not in the know . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/52pbe-sk_gy ), 
   except that no previous generation of assholes had the technology to show the world how much of an asshole they were . 
  well , baby boomers had m16s and patriot missiles and they made plenty of uses of those . 
  if the kid is russian , alexey really is n't bad either . 
   sure they are , this is what it looks like when someone plays a pc game for the first time, 
  that 's literally what he said . 
  you and i both know that that is practically what makes top gear so popular . 
   no dance ability needed, 
  yeah no shit . 
  i think they did very well to cast scarlett johansson as selena gomez/alexandra daddario . 
  wirkt ja ober - und unterfl\u00e4chlich schon ein bisschen wie eine kopie von [ pronunciationmanual ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-n1vgevixo ) . 
  i work in a hotel that hosts a lot of business guests , especially engineers , that work in a nearby shipyard or other local industries . 
  i 'd say they do pretty well for themselves , * but * they 're either scandinavian or german or british , and they work the shittiest hours . 
  7 days a week , 3-4 weeks at a time , until they go back home for a week or two . 
  not being able to speak german , or proper english for that matter , hardly seems to play a role since they mostly work in international teams anyway . 
  it might sound harsh and racist , but since you are apparently indian , i do n't know how likely it is you get hired directly by a european company when it is cheaper for the companies to fly in people like you for weeks on end and pay them a dime for every dollar a european ( hiree ) would get . 
  i know of one egyptian guy that got hired by a local engineering company , but that is because they outsourced work to his original company and he apparently did exceptionally well on the job . 
  robben is n't dead yet though . 
  deliver us pizza, 
  because double-u is the dumbest pronunciation of a letter the english have ever come up with , ahead of haych . 
  granted , we have ypsilon for y but at least that one has an etymological reason . 
  unless it 's aids, 
  just think of the bump in gnp a stolen poster would mean to north korea, 
  nothing explains cotton eyed joe other than the 90s were a confused time . 
  only the english . 
  mainland euros will forever be laughing at english goalkeepers , however great they may be . 
  is the catalogue any better than spotify or is it just the convenience of using apple all around ? 
  i 've had a hard time finding music that 's not on spotify , to be honest . 
  mostly korean music , really . 
  does gpm come with youtube red in america ? 
  i thought about switching from spotify , but if i remember correctly the very first song i searched for on gpm did n't show up so i gave up on them almost immediately . 
  i also tried amazon prime music and their entire software presence ( fire stick , prime video , amazon music ) is a complete shit show in my opinion . 
  an afd government in germany and fp\u00d6 in austria and he will play in our nt in no time . 
  why not , they just have to watch them play , not live next to them . 
  i for one am in favor of a r\u00fcdiger , boateng , tah , alaba defense . 
  khedira and can in dm , sane , \u00d6zil and bellarabi as attacking midfielders and asamoah being brought back from retirement . 
  also traubensaft ? 
   who would have never played him because of his style and talent, 
   hardly a failure, 
  numerous reasons , at least for me . 
  firstly , `` die mannschaft '' just means `` the team . '', 
  it 's as lazy as it gets . 
  secondly , noone has used that term regularly before maybe 2010 or even later . 
  now it 's aggressively pushed on us as a marketing tool for the dfb to sell a `` product . '', 
  thirdly , we already have way more unique names that are used more commonly and would ring better to us . 
  such as `` nationalelf , '' which might sound funny to english speakers , but it 's still better than `` man shaft . '', 
  e : maybe [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cdnp4d6.png ) explains my last point . 
  bear in mind that `` die mannschaft '' is a regular set of words in german and not specific to the team . 
  to be fair , he was considered the next big thing for a short while because he peaked early . 
  he 's stagnated a lot since he was ~ 22 in my opinion . 
  yeah but he got older and did n't get better to keep up with the others that were coming in both in the nt and at dortmund . 
  i really wonder if it 's the tabloids that are worse in britain or the players . 
   frankfurt is also one of the most boring places on planet earth . 
  hence drugs . 
   elderly fan, 
  nur laut / r/the _ donald, 
  is it rude to ask what exactly they criticized about your diploma ? 
  was it the choice of classes , or grades in general ? 
  did you return it to sender ? 
  good luck finding a austrian-german who * is n't * a jew-hunting nazi . 
  maybe he needed to put a few girls that work in the local strip joint through college , too . 
  you 'd know sorkin 's self-righteous and self-important ass would write that movie just to shit on fifa . 
  that alone would be fun to see . 
  mexican jesus is just jes\u00fas, 
  you do n't understand , every player in spain is better than any player in england . 
  how did they get the idea to add the bottle item if they did n't pay dota though . 
  i was referring to the latter two you mentioned and how it 's obvious riot looks at dota very closely . 
  absolutely , i was originally just being a bit snarky about his assumption that lead designers ca n't play games they worked on . 
  eben !, 
  we twice did our best to unite the world and that 's how you thank us . 
  you do you , coolombia . 
  and europe should be called bullfucker, 
  i plead the fifth inch !, 
  not if he 's changing the constitution as he pleases . 
  that 's the mad men i 'd rather watch . 
  but their ideas are n't `` put jcvd in snow '' dumb, 
  `` eli5 : why was former island tuvalu so popular 20 years ago ? '', 
  i now kinda hope you play in a neonazi band and one day he finds a cd with his naked self on it called `` choo choo to auschwitz '', 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyjlbwbgyjy ), 
  she looks like a turkish saoirse ronan . 
  the united great british kingdom, 
  somehow i do n't think bale 's head shape is as fortunate as zidane 's . 
  in his defense , i 'd agree with his example ... 
  if the world cup was entirely hosted in a medium-sized city 5 car hours from the next major hub , with stadia and hotels built just for atheletes and visitors . 
  by the way , did everyone forget how many complaints there were by journalists and athletes about the living conditions in their hotels in sochi ? 
  bagpipe tricks , kilts and a very questionable taste palette . 
  i think i need a scottish man for a girlfriend . 
  is n't that american law ? 
  that you have to tax your income in america as well as the country you 're earning it in ? 
  also , is n't the tax rate in france pretty high anyway ? 
  great story if he dies today . 
  i thought the point of the ban is that the countries did n't do well enough to hand out travel bans for known hooligans ? 
  i thought i read somewhere recently that the us is the only ( western ? ),
