the one time i had a lucent dream it started by me having a bunch of sexual encounters because i 'm sad and lonely and only get to fuck in my dreams . 
  suddenly i sat in front of a pc with my favorite porn site open , but all the videos were replaced with super weird non-sexual horror films . 
  one of them i still remember vividly , and it still gives me the creeps when i think about it . 
  only in hawaii shirts can you drink pina coladas and other colorful cocktails . 
  they definitely make temporarily girly . 
  absolutely , me too . 
  i just sort of lost control halfway through and everything turned a few shades darker . 
  i realized instantly that it was a dream and i could do what i wanted , until my subconscious took over . 
  you can check / r/luciddreaming for hints . 
  they made a whole science out of that . 
  the stereotype is agoraphobe and not pakistani , is n't it ? 
  should be 204 , amsterdam is in europe . 
  i 'm european and i do . 
  you mean 16:20 ? 
  who the hell is up that early . 
  no u, 
  you 're worse than this post . 
  not the police , not this government , not this century . 
  well done . 
  your reference points are super up-to-date , bro . 
  it 's never idly . 
   germany, 
  a political liability ? 
  `` hey , you exist . '', 
  `` thanks , you too . '', 
  what region ? 
  that can be the big difference as to whether i 'm jealous or not . 
  any idea where you want to go ? 
  i 've always wondered , does having the big nyc in it have any measurable effect on the state and its other cities ? 
  that can still mean either malta or guernsey or iceland . 
  my friend got sort-of deported from canada when we were on a school trip to the us . 
  i do n't know if i 'd try again to get in . 
  at least you get to live with scandinavians then . 
  what do you do for a living if i may ask ? 
  i found that most americans i 've met so far liked living in europe a lot ( apart from the inevitable homesickness ) . 
  barcelona is also one of the cities i 'd love to visit one day , from what i 've seen it 's right down my alley . 
  and if you already speak french , i do n't think spanish is that big of a hurdle . 
  i was in chicago for a day , and i loved it . 
  although it felt like it has a certain magic that wears off really quickly once you live there . 
  but my experience is largely limited to a walk around downtown , so what do i know . 
  we used to go to sweden once or twice every year when i was younger , almost always through gothenburg . 
  i still fondly and vividly remember driving off the ferry in the middle of the night looking up onto the dimly city . 
  nah , from denmark straight to the main land if i recall correctly . 
  living dick nixon . 
  would you rather have to explain to the public why there is a photo of you laughing with hitler when he told you a really good joke or that martin luther king told you in secret that he 's just in it for the money ? 
  do you live in the town from twilight ? 
  at least you have pyramids . 
  you make it sound like your country has had no problems in recent history though , 
  keep the pimpiarchy hand strong, 
  you do n't know anything about either of those games and why they 're called what they are , do you ? 
  because it comes from the line of sports that started with gaelic football ( ? 
  ) , later diverged into rugby , etc. 
  and association football ( which coined the term soccer in britain ) . 
  so now australians play australian rules football , americans play american or gridiron football , a dozen countries play rugby football and the rest of the world plays soccer , or association football , due to convenience simply called football . 
  those people escaped the eastern front by the thousands , in the middle of winter . 
  they needed a lot of housing and a lot of supplies fast . 
  so they went where a lot of people already are . 
  it 's not like farmers in that area are blessed with food and space in january/early february . 
  what are you saying ? 
   i 'm not sure how to respond, 
  at least we 're all in the same boat . 
  then do n't let the disabled people do the gathering . 
  yeah and we all told you to stop doing that , steve . 
  fuckin ' billy, 
  because abortion clinics are known to let strangers watch when they tell them they 're someone 's boyfriend . 
  i thought the hyperbole was obvious . 
  she tries to distance herself from that though . 
  because she 's starring in actually good german movies and tv mainstays and all the tabloids focused on her involvement in porn . 
  i assume it gets pretty annoying when you 're in one of the most lauded german movies of the past decade and you open the papers to see them talking about how you took it up the ass for half a year on camera when you were twenty . 
  scheide in german . 
  what about tear ducts . 
  need a quick answer , everything 's getting blurry . 
  as opposed to prerecorded action photo which allows us to see beyond the fourth dimension into the abyss where the old ones live . 
  no it does n't . 
  if it did , i 'd be gay . 
  but i 'm totally not . 
  except pity . 
  and the award for least potatoes post capita before stalin invented latvia . 
  yet when i stand in front of a short bus and remind all of the kids that they 're special i 'm a fucking asshole . 
  the fuck are prams though ? 
  i 'm european . 
  you know , the people that sent you to the other end of the world because of your silly antics like this . 
   counter strike , was a mod , eventually valve bought up a lot of mods and made new products out of them . 
  also garry 's mod was just a mod , and now it 's a sold product . 
  yeah , after they hired the devs and provided ongoing support and content updates for the games . 
  there 's a big spectrum between an elon musk and your run-of-the-mill oil magnate in terms of ethics . 
  you can make money ( and a lot of it ) without being an immoral jackass . 
  i was only countering his argument that you have to be unethical to be rich , which you seem to agree with . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  we germans have specified rules in regards to the official spelling of words , but even we do n't go near regulating the spoken vernacular . 
  if they 're drinking at 8:30 am on a train with a bag of more beer it 's probably match day and they 're on their way to the stadium . 
  often not the quitest of people . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't understand what you are saying . 
  i was talking about ethical behavior and not the hierarchical standing of a ceo in a company . 
  and the dog is a man . 
  what does it matter the syntax ? 
  why do you think they would sell at all ? 
  as long as cancer is n't proven to be 100 % hereditary , or transmittable , i highly doubt the scientific value of killing all cancerous people . 
  it 's not like we have to kill them , though . 
  yes it is just your opinion and it 's a retarded one to have .
