  fucking bloods ruining the estate . 
  you can always cut your dick off . 
  there is still hope . 
  i know , i just wanted to be precise . 
  you can , though . 
  otherwise i would have had failed every english exam . 
  one of the highlights was wcs europe in 2013 ( ? ) . 
  not sure who hosted though , but it had a few nice storylines and very good production . 
  no , you read an article faster the second time around since you already know what it 's about and , as a german , he does n't need to look up foreign words like `` inefficiency , '' `` joie de vivre '' or `` humor '' again . 
  i saw an ad for flippy floppies on facebook recently . 
  i tricked those fuckers hard for years apparently , i do n't even like flippy floppies . 
  maybe he means `` not lucrative '' in the sense that you do n't get your money 's worth if you buy/rent a house there ? 
  dnd it is then . 
  i take off my robe and wizard hat ... 
  imagine your father working as a supreme court judge and then , for the last year of his working life going to suck dick at a train station bathroom because he can make $ 200 an hour . 
  that 's why . 
  that and all the 420 booty wizards out there . 
  they have achieved nietzschian \u00dcbertwitch-status . 
  i can understand going to the us a little bit because it 's a league that 's slowly growing and america is a nice place to live for rich europeans . 
  but going to a country with a language you do n't speak and a distinct culture you 'll never fully be part of like china or any of the middle eastern countries is a whole different story , especially if you 're guaranteed a hefty paycheck ( albeit smaller ) in a european league . 
  there 's a difference between moving somewhere to live your life or to work somewhere for a year as a quick money grab . 
  the us is generally easier to adapt to in a short amount of time for westerners and has more athletic legitimacy at the moment than both china and either of the middle eastern leagues have . 
  it 's not fucking racist to say that most players in europe know at least halfway decent english , are familiar with american customs through cultural penetration and maybe do n't have to rely on their staff to get anything done in the first few months . 
  would i put up with all that if i was grasping at every straw to make it as a footballer ? 
  sure . 
  but as someone who already has their millions , and a future as staff at one of my former clubs , only to make slightly more money for just a year ? 
  probably not . 
  i 'm supposed to be the german with no sense of humor . 
  way to steal my thunder . 
  my understanding is that east asian countries in general are a bit peculiar about letting foreigners into their inner circle . 
  being a tourist and getting around in that regard is fine , but to be accepted as one of their own is nigh impossible opposed to america . 
  good point . 
  i think there 's a lot of people that consider ter stegen really inconsistent , me included . 
  he can be a top notch keeper on good days , but every now and again he looks like a lower end third division player . 
  that 's why i consider him worse than many other german keepers of his generation , most notably leno . 
  oh he was good enough at gladbach to be in consideration , but like i said , he sometimes has games that makes you wonder why he 's getting paid as much as he is . 
  and those questionable performances happened for both gladbach and the national squads , when everyone thought he was the next hot shit , so his confidence should be at maximum . 
  i think him being called up by l\u00f6w had a big deal to do with him being signed with barcelona . 
  probably young enough to have them thrown through the windows of the google data center that steers them driverless cars . 
  you are the first person i 've ever seen that manages to look like nazi propaganda about jews and a russian neo nazi at the same time . 
  it looks like you brag to everyone about the big house you own when you actually broke into a model home after you pawned your ed hardy shirts to pay for steroids . 
  you look like a younger , jewier version of woody allen . 
  you 're the kind of person that knows she 's kinda pretty but is looking on the internet for validation because her personality ruined every real life interaction she 's ever had . 
  you 're the kind of person that wears a sombrero but manages to still be most racist to white people . 
  you look like you were upset at your parents because they supported you when you came out of the closet . 
  you look like a version of jared dunn from silicon valley that does n't fuck . 
  you 're just here to look for new friends when the klan turned their backs on you once they heard about your cancer diagnosis . 
  you look like an unnecessary version of james may , except you do n't even have two friends . 
  you look like a version of rosanna pansino that would let me eat doritos while she blows me in my mother 's basement . 
  when are you going all in on your urge to become a full-blown asian lady boy ? 
  you bypassed the arteries and went straight for the bone with that one . 
  you have sucked the `` jokey roast '' out of this a while ago . 
  you 're right , i have nothing nice to say . 
  you 're so depressing you make * me * regret the life decisions that led me to this thread . 
  no , he was in the parliament for the pope 's speech to sweep the floor when they 're finished . 
  peter pager, 
  cats might as well be autistic . 
  never met a cat that knew how to hold a conversion or act appropriate in social settings in general . 
  e : as can be seen in disneys marvelous film `` the autistocats '', 
  at least i know that i 'd be fucking average in switzerland as well . 
  oh wow , you took german , you must eeeeeeverything about german humor . 
  it 's almost like i 'm a german sarcastically posting something passive aggressive to try and bring a bit of humor into this . 
  i thought `` do n't cheat '' is the starting point in this conversation . 
  the s stands for social experiment , duh . 
  then take black , he 's the next best thing . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  cokehead adrian mutu , death threats for tom ovrebro ,, 
  patrice evra groundsman fight , the laundry basket 's really tight ,, 
  ashley cole is being tapped , hazard 's ball boy gets attacked ,, 
  caneiro and medic-gate , paris metro racial hate ,, 
  fucking black cunt ferdinand , another mourinho rant ,, 
  ashley cole in for a ride , shot a student in the side, 
  we all ** did ** start the fire !, 
  vermaelen would be norma . 
  never to be seen . 
  out of shape , with their unkempt beard reaching their necks . 
  short answer : yes . 
  long answer : op ded . 
  except i hate every single suggested song . 
  maybe you 're just to forgettable for people to remember your name and you entertain these mental gymnastics to avoid the heartbreaks of acknowledging the fact that noone in this life extends the very tiny effort to remember your name correctly . 
  i for one would welcome de bruyne at fc bayern munten . 
  to be fair , dutch managers are popular outside of the netherlands , too . 
  is this some illuminatwo meme shit or what, 
  i 'd say it 's liverpool and henry . 
  we 're just naming teams and frenchmen , right ? 
  nice to see he 's hanging out with aubameyang though . 
  in the end all the precious premier league tv money goes to germany apparently . 
  stop being so fucking german , you 're making us look bad . 
  so two matches in he 's already the purchase of the seaon or what ? 
  it does n't help much but it 's nice to know that turd of a commentator has to pay extra for his business cards . 
  maybe if they were n't so shit we would n't hate them so much . 
  in a sense . 
  the only thing worse than actual bavarians are the people that come into money , move there and pretend they 're actual bavarians because they own a pair of lederhosen and can say `` oans , zwoa , gsuffa . '', 
  it 's like a hedge fund manager from bumfuck , illinois , buying a ranch in texas and walking around in cowboy boots saying `` howdy y' all '' all day . 
  the ` little shit ' being the entire playing gaelic population that invented the sport . 
  you laugh , but george best actually died from selfies . 
  i 'd gladly keep my attitude if i knew i 'd get millions of moneys anyway . 
  he looks like a white tevez in the second image . 
  david alaba , almost same reason . 
  a black asian that speaks with an austrian accent , and neither of his parents are american or korean/japanese .
