  i doubt they 'd lie about fa 's involvement . 
  it 'd be too easy for them to go `` lol no . '', 
  worked for bebe , would have worked for me . 
  you 'll have to explain that to me . 
  would have rather taken someone else for less money , but noone was available that lives up to my standards . 
  david de gea on a supposed `` free '', 
  i never had much of an opinion about roma because i never met one , up until i started to work in a hotel last year . 
  since we are next to a border and because my town has shipyard we get a lot of international guests and as much as it pains me to say that , my experience with roma so far is 100 % negative . 
  we get plenty of refugees coming in too , and although their behavior might be hit or miss , they are largely respectful enough to leave a positive impression . 
  but roma always tried to cheat and lie at every corner enough to ruin your day . 
  i had numerous occasions where they 'd send in their wives to ask for a double room for two people only to show up with 3 of their cousins , 4 of their kids and their grandparents while expecting us to be okay with that . 
  i love the job and the conversations i get to have with all the people of all creeds and nationalities but the roma i had to deal with so far really put a damper on that . 
  ask arizona . 
  but middle eastern countries already take in a large amount of refugees compared to any european nation ? 
  the difference is that immigrants that legally come to the us now have either a support system in the country or a economic stability , be it through education or preexisting funds . 
  even the illegal immigrants from mexico most of the time have friends and family in the us . 
  the people that come to europe at the moment have nothing . 
  their degrees are n't validated , their possessions are in their home country , they have mostly no knowledge of the culture or language and everyone they know is as lost and confused as they are . 
  the people that are supposed to help them are way too few and housing is far too scarce . 
  there are no real syrian districts in cities anywhere yet where people can go and find countrymen that know their way around the place , like there are in america for chinese or mexican people . 
  the mass immigration you described worked because america was starved for work force and manual labor was easy to come by , which is n't the case for most of europe . 
  if those refugees were skilled laborers ( not saying they are n't , europe is just often picky about recognizing foreign degrees ) , they would n't necessarily be sent through the shit show they are right now and put into work way sooner . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that back then every immigrant was useful in one way or another , like they were in germany in the sixties , but at the moment even a fair amount of germans are kind of useless to their own country . 
  it wo n't work as beautifully as it did in america because the starting point is way different . 
  and it wo n't work as well as it did in the sixties for a decade or three in germany for the same reason . 
  i have n't seen many advocating closing and patrolling borders in europe to be honest . 
  the only patrolling i see them do is around lampedusa to fish drowning people out of the water . 
  it 's still fine , those instances are few and far between and the good outweighs the bad by a large margin . 
  just yesterday i had a young man come in and ask for the price of a single room and when i told him he said something along the lines of : `` oh that 's too much , you see , i 'm a refugee . 
  where do refugees go in this town to get help ? '', 
  when i helped him the best i could ( which was n't much to be honest ) he said his thanks and good byes and went on his way . 
  those are the kinds of people that you 're happy to support and make me think that as long as we are in a position where we can help , we 're no poorer for doing so . 
  to come back to the topic of roma , i do n't know what it is about their culture that makes them think they 're better off by living outside of social conventions in a country when said countries do their best to help people that live thousands of kilometers away and have no direct privilege to be helped . 
  good night , hope you do n't get buried xoxo, 
  from what i 've seen of both fighters i feel like it was always about being the best for tyson while it 's about being the richest for mayweather . 
  it just so happens that being the best pays the best . 
  everyone knows raiden is french american though . 
  was the magic real, 
  i 'd bet that bayern steals those refugees from dortmund , too . 
  he said hard and smart , not long . 
  perhaps the fewer hours worked allow for more efficient resting periods and thus more focused work ? 
  perhaps the shorter hours allow for more workers to be hired whose input adds to the overall productivity ? 
  perhaps the stereotype does n't mean that every single german is smarter or harder working than everyone else but that germany as a whole has a system in place that allows their workforce to be more efficient ? 
  nah , i think klose was way underrated during his prime . 
  he was unfortunate to move from bremen , an internationally largely irrelevant team which he helped turn into a champions league team , to bayern where he played in a team that had a toni at his best who gelled perfectly well with ribery and mario gomez who was hyped as fuck for almost single-handedly giving stuttgart their bundesliga title and who continued his form at bayern . 
  another problem for him was that he started to play professionally exceptionally late , he moved up from 5th tier soccer to kaiserslautern 's reserves when he was 21 . 
  he was basically missing out on 3-4 years of establishing himself as a big talent in people 's heads . 
  and also , if his great fortune was to be placed in front an exceptional midfield , why has germany been struggling to find a proper replacement for him not only since he left , but basically since he joined the squad ? 
  he was always a clear pick , even gomez could n't get near him . 
  even now , he 's 37 and he 's still scoring very well for lazio . 
  i 'm actually a bit sad that such a seemingly level-headed and laborious dude will inevitably end up being a pub quiz question rather than a lauded legend . 
   one of the best attacking midfielders, 
  and wingers , and strikers , and brothers-in-law . 
  `` how many martials is that ? 
  two and a half ? 
  ha , i think we 'll keep him , kalli '' - josef guardiola, 
   bundes2, 
  i see some weird shit in this subreddit all the time , but how the hell did you come up with that ? 
  because you 're english and do n't like to remember 2010 ? 
  for the same reason , you do n't follow international cups beyond the group stages , if at all ? 
  or maybe because you do n't think being at the right place at the right moment is a valid skill to have , even against weaker oppositions ? 
  that was like three minutes at best why do you lie to us, 
  the only movie i can think of that feels similar is her . 
  if op did , he 'd know how to spell the name siegfried . 
  refugees have more rights than immigrants ( or guest workers ) . 
  cue topical variations of 99 problems lyrics . 
  am i missing a joke or is your `` h '' button a bit fucky ? 
  cover it in tin foil for that deluxe chrome look . 
  damn , that 's some little-effort bantsing going on here . 
  is pochettino a euphemism for the period or what, 
  or the nba . 
  do n't be so hard on yourself , at least i recognized it was a joke i did n't recognize !, 
  we should start something like the als ice bucket challenge for cpss . 
  maybe the cpss finger nail pulling challenge . 
  yes it happened . 
  in a movie . 
  it 's a quote . 
  from a movie . 
  but i saw on the wire that black do do crack :o, 
  \\ #anthenryhenrial, 
  yeah , the rest of the real madrid squad is an absolute shitfest . 
  everyone knows the pl is the better league though . 
  does the primera division have stoke ? 
  ha , ferguson subbed his butt off for ronaldo . 
  goes to show that the early ' 00s were just very late '90s . 
  e : everything * did * change after 9/11 . 
  there 's ultimately two schools of thought : who are the absolute best players , and who are the best players of their , i.e. 
  who dominated their generation the most . 
  in both cases ronaldo and messi are clearly in front of everyone else . 
  discussing the goatiness of players in a team sport is a bit absurd anyway , considering the dynamics of tactics in soccer in the first place . 
  there 's this kind of relativism that leaves out gerd m\u00fcller , for example , even though his achievements and statistics would warrant consideration , simply because he did n't have flair . 
  i assume bargaining will happen in the winter transfer window ? 
  3 cubic meters of polygons . 
  is it less expensive if you split the sessions ? 
  he seems to fit the german striker archetype pretty well . 
  like kie\u00dfling , klose etc. 
  he seems pretty collected and a bit reserved . 
  someone you do n't hear a lot about outside of the game . 
  ba - ibisevic - obasi looked inseperable that first half season . 
  i was actually a bit sad when one after the other left .
