  madrid : would you give us dembele for 130m and our player ayetadap ? 
  bvb : ayetadap who ? 
  madrid : hehe, 
  i ca n't find anything of him talking about it , but he was born here , grew up here and played in the youth national teams . 
  that 's good enough for me to consider him german . 
  are you dense ? 
  what 's that gentleman 's agreement supposed to look like ? 
  `` ous , sign this contract till 2021 , but if barca comes along you can leave for whatever they offer '' ? 
  i mean , bvb already lets them negotiate past the date he set for aubameyang for an almost equally irreplacable player . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't have any . 
  do n't you mean the red hood ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  because they do this exact job every year in dresden and other places . 
  g20 was an outlier because the violence was directed at the police and personal belongings , not at another protesting party . 
  do you even know what nazi stands for ? 
  i 'm genuinely baffled by this response . 
  not a police officer and neither do i own any , for starters . 
  so , are you going to answer that question or are you not able to ? 
  bob lampard , a mediocre builder from guernsey who once played in an inter-island tourney and scored a screamer from old jenkin 's barn, 
  does n't really look like it . 
  the latter part is not really the case , at least from my experience . 
  it 's mostly down to how you raise your children , as every person will be around all the other groups eventually , be it in sports clubs or later at work etc. 
  my mom went to hauptschule , my dad went to realschule and i went to gymnasium so i 'm probably not the best example , but a friend of mine is rich as balls , his mom is a teacher and his dad is a banker who went to brown etc. 
  and he was also best friends with a kid from hauptschule simply because they grew up next door to each other and he was raised well . 
  i 'm only just pointing out the schools because they 're the topic of this discussion , after the ausbildung/university it is n't even really that big of a deal anymore . 
  so you want to introduce them to a system where kids with poor parents ca n't go to good schools , unless they excel enough for a scholarship ? 
  how is that not classist ? 
  where the quality of your education is heavily decided by how much your parents can spend ? 
  education is probably the one thing where germany comes out ahead in a net gain/cost evaluation compared to the us and that 's where your issues lie ? 
  is that why social and economic mobility is better in germany ? 
  and who does it put at a disadvantage ? 
  people adverse to education ? 
  what a surprise . 
  it 's ` deutsch ' in deutsch . 
  not that hard . 
  or confusing . 
  or completely illogical for outsiders . 
  i do n't understand how you could mix it up . 
  such a simple language . 
  only a couple rules you have to keep in mind . 
  well , some say he was absolutely brilliant while others say he was mostly just very guti . 
  was tun ? 
  lol , just wait till his girlfriend finds out, 
  e : hurz !, 
  no , but highly advised . 
  consider also that ~ 20 % are asian or hispanic , often speaking their respective languages by virtue of being more recent immigrants . 
  it 's the middle of summer ( supposedly ) , so watch out for concerts etc. 
  down by the elbufer . 
  they 're always amazing . 
  they might not be very helpful for non-german speakers , so i just left them under ` etc. ', 
  if johnny depp looked like kristen stewart looking like johnny depp , i 'd wan na bang johnny depp . 
  it 's the antifa and social democrats and other groups that have existed for decades but now they need a new name so the claim that alt-right and the left are basically the same holds some water . 
  just making clear , that 's not my opinion , just what i 've seen right wingers claim in the charlottesville aftermath . 
  how are you supposed to know what 's wrong if you do n't know anything ? 
  trick question , manchester united are all digital with their official music streaming partner deezer ^ ^ tm, 
  enter promo-code * rooneyshaggedagranny * to hear glory glory manunited on repeat until you die and get your first month 10 % off, 
  and then what is dortmund going to do with that money ? 
  if rw were so easy to come by , barcelona would n't be so desperate . 
  there is no way dortmund could fill dembele 's position with a player of either his quality or his potential in this window . 
  if they do n't need the money , they do n't have to sell . 
  after all his contract is good for another four years . 
  and how many chrome lamborghinis does a man really need, 
  i really do n't mean to be rude , but how new are you to soccer ? 
  holy shit , i 'd be in the top 98 % then, 
  is n't that where you can book apartments for your vacation ? 
  that 's like losing your virginity to scarlett johansson . 
  you 're setting yourself up for disappointment , son . 
  if he was on your phone it 's a reasonable suspicion . 
  implying estonia is n't already part of the baltics and that 's right where they belong because scandinavia does n't even include finland so they counting estonia as scandinavian makes even less sense, 
  what kind of people are those, 
  that 's not how this works, 
  top 2 % would be the elite . 
  top 98 % is everyone but the very worst . 
  that 's where the joke lies . 
  i would not be in the worst 2 % of players anymore . 
  if i meant percentile ( which would make your previous description correct ) i would have said percentile . 
  but i said top 98 % , i.e. 
  the best 98 % . 
  fredwave, 
  this season has built up the pace so so much . 
  i feel like the earlier seasons would haven taken so much longer with jon 's travels etc. 
  i was in paris for a handball champion 's league match against psg and they also sold that 0.1 % stuff . 
  to me , being from northern germany , it tasted like water with artificial sweetener . 
  but those girl stewards in those overalls they had there were top of the line . 
  that 's why crosses work against both vampires and anti-authoritarian anarcho-capitalists . 
  plenty of time to sell him for plenty of money . 
  [ that 's where you 're wrong mate ] ( https://www.schmidtandclark.com/nissin-noodles-soup-burn ), 
  shit , the dude 's already got a biopic about him with cuba gooding jr. in the lead role, 
  you might prefer dembele over neymar if you have to keep wages in mind . 
  saving the loyalty fee for neymar alone finances one of dembele/paulinho . 
  millions over millions of 20 year olds know to show up to work every day flipping burgers , building houses for minimum wage with the pressure of not having anything to eat the coming week if they do n't show up . 
  he 's subjected to pressure ? 
  do you know what would help ? 
  showing up to do what he 's fucking paid for like he has been doing last year and the years before . 
  literally doing nothing special is what people expect from him . 
  it 's not even an opportunity of a life-time . 
  the same opportunity will be there next year and the year after , at the latest in 2021 when he will be able to join literally any club he wants to if he keeps up his game . 
  i think everybody here understands that he is probably influenced by other people in all of this , but none of that was confirmed so far . 
  his weakness is then that he puts these people above those that are in contract with and rely on him right now . 
  if you think his adolescent attitude excuses him from anything he should n't be able to sign contracts either , neither with dortmund , nor with barcelona .
