  at least his acting career took off after that ... 
  but samuel koch is hilarious and deserves his success as much as he did n't deserve his accident . 
  if it was n't for him , kahn would have been world champion . 
  tell modern soccer , not us . 
  if ljubomir vranjes was able to play at the highest level of competition , op can play amatuer level at any position really . 
  wait , you expect your phone to die after three years ? 
  i think you 're ignoring the fact that the eu is pushing for standardized charging cables . 
  y' all just upset because we 're the one league zoltan never conquered . 
  just cause they 're asians ... 
  that ambiguity is why they got rid of it ? 
  these days ? 
  from what i know , that 's very little . 
  especially if you stick with one manufacturer . 
  does apple allow third party software on apple tv ? 
  might as well just pick my social circle based on the phone they can/are willing to afford then . 
  i was referring back to the original comment about the douchefriends . 
  does it support amazon prime ? 
  amazon is in a licensing spat with everyone . 
  would n't be quite so bad if their own products were n't so terrible . 
  who are you to tell me cara delasagne is out of my league ? 
  that 's some weekend at bernies shit . 
  i highly doubt eu staff makes an average 50k monthly . 
  penalotelli, 
  yeah , first one in this comment chain, 
  i meant yearly . 
  ~ 4.5 k a month is still too steep . 
  the average income in germany for graphics/design graduates is around 40k before taxes , which is 3.3 k a month . 
  that 's around 2k after taxes or 25k a year . 
  i 'd be very surprised if they double the average salary across the board . 
  and not all of those employees are university graduates either , and if i remember correctly i heard that lol talent is woefully underpaid compared to dota2 counterparts , but do n't quote me on that . 
  yeah , i 'm germany we mostly use net income , but that 's why i added both . 
  you 'd think that so long after the downfall of the soviet union you people would recover alphabetically , but it turns out the oligarchs keep all the letters for themselves , leaving the common folks without the ability to spell their lives to the fullest . 
  i would n't be surprised if even madrid does n't want to pay top 3 wages for a benched , aging player . 
  to be fair he can buy her one with down syndrome or something for the 5k . 
  imagine you buy a horse and a black man on the same day . 
  and then you go fight the red coats . 
  i think he is embracing his bastardness in different ways . 
  first , by saying sansa should reign . 
  then by accepting that he has to prove his lineage by merit , instead of his blood alone . 
  and before all that , by essentially removing himself from the family by joining the nightwatch , in itself the most noble exile only royalty could assign . 
  if i was vegan , i 'd want to destroy my food too . 
  where 's the humor in his videos ? 
  i watched a couple of his videos and there were no funny parts in any of them . 
  to me he 's just a dude who talks about stuff he does n't know a lot about . 
  guns are not for laundry ya dingus, 
  do elk count ? 
  what kind of tiny fucking pear is that, 
  according to wikipedia , there are about as many elk in norway as there are in finland . 
  lol thats the sex number, 
  but now that he speaks dutch is a typical oranje asshat, 
   call-a-pizza, 
  iran is shiite now , but they used to be pretty good . 
  why german though , do n't tell me that 's another stereotype we have to deal with, 
  i 'm just self-conscious about my body hair, 
  so you 're saying kelechi needs to be sent back to africa, 
  so , like a penis, 
   with the best striker in the pl taking away defense in front . 
  what did zoltan do to deserve this, 
  i 'm talking about zoltan abramovic ya dingus, 
  you 's a quick one, 
  let 's not act like ordering a steak well done and microwaving steak are anywhere close to the same thing . 
  that 's like being a genuine yankees fan as opposed to wearing an ny cap because you liked your vacation to new yersey so much . 
  if this was in text form , it would be a shitpost . 
  like this it 's pretty dope . 
  jet fuel ca n't melt wood beams, 
  imagine how much money they could 've saved if they built the plane smaller and just flew closer, 
  the black episode and the nasty sodie pops episodes were fun without them even moving . 
  this just is n't funny enough to compensate for the uncomfortableness of the video . 
  as if presidential candidates this cycle have to know what classified means . 
  they just missed the 80s ' new york . 
  their other attacks were setting trash cans on fire and keepin ' dat pimp hand strong . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_poverty_index#for_selected_high-income_oecd_countries_.28hpi-2.29 ), 
   this is not vengeance . 
  revenge is not a valid motive , it 's an emotional response . 
  no , not vengeance . 
  punishment . 
  because their workforce do n't count as `` heads '', 
  then the in-groups become status , location , ancestry , eye color , what have you . 
  wot jus happen, 
  that 's why we pay . 
  hack is love , hack is life, 
  i 've had one in my barcelona save , a 6 ' german 16 year old with a 71 rating . 
  he was a beast , until my save got corrupted . 
  rip mitchell levels . 
  and i found the content in the trial pretty impressive already . 
  if that 's how much effort they put into the journey in the years to come , i 'm content . 
  you ca n't just call yourself `` swaggy p '' when there 's no p in your name . 
  just in time for the russian world cup , are n't we all some lucky farts . 
  great , now we can chant hateful songs towards people our own race that ruin soccer , like the executives that disband anti-racism task forces . 
  that 's not even pc . 
  it 's the same shit in a different color . 
  these problems do n't exist , because fifa does n't have task forces for them . 
  really debelievable !, 
  do n't they do that at barcelona ? 
  sit all the coaches of the different sports in a room every now and again ? 
  inconceivable !, 
  what are you meaning to say ? 
  dynamo hools are n't racist , they hate everyone . 
  stewards had to save my friend from them when he was in the fan stands in bielefeld because he did n't bring a scarf or could n't prove he lived in dresden . 
  first two sentences are sarcasm by the way , i understand what you 're getting at .
