  a situation similar to japan , whose own unwillingness to accept their wrong doings has been causing friction with its neighboring countries for 70 years now . 
  imagine such a political hotbed in a densely packed subcontinent such as western europe . 
  the law is n't even about your opinion . 
  it 's about its impact on the public , you can say whatever you want in * private * . 
  and i do genuinely believe , that , like slander of living people , slander of the dead should be punishable . 
  how , though ? 
  if something is 100 % confirmable , no amount of jurisdiction will change its credibility . 
  adressing the legality of certain thoughts only undermines those ideas that are not confirmable , in which case i whole-heartedly agree they should n't be made into law . 
  that 's why libel and slander laws exist . 
  what do you think would happen if someone made it their agenda to publically and repeatedly say `` john wayne gacy did n't kill any of your children , you 're just making it up for attention . '', 
  is there even anything to do in sochi in the winter months ? 
  where do you live that you never had to take geography ? 
  you 'd care too if na even had a chance of winning something ever . 
  180 lbs would be middle weight ? 
  without weight classes , i can see mma fighters of that weight do reasonably well . 
  yes ? 
  that 's what men do , like sidestepping to readjust the balls or look in the bowl after they 've taken a shit to estimate the size and weight for the interregional turd championship . 
  given that the alarm clock is labeled it appears as though you ca n't read anything correctly . 
  super !, 
  where he says that s1mple does a lot better in that regard when someone 's there in person to keep him in line ? 
  as far as i know , you can say almost anything to someone else if you preface it with `` i think you are ... '' , be it a police man or whoever else , without facing persecution . 
  the point that the comedian made with that poem actually is to ` illegally ' insult him , since a previous satirical program came under fire from erdogan for attacking him . 
  the poem was to display the difference between what is actually punishable under german law and what he tried to suppress in the first place . 
  sort of , if i remember correctly the law mentions something along the lines of `` excessively '' . 
  if i go out of my way to insult you harshly at every chance i get , even if it 's not publicly , you might have a case . 
  if i called you an asshole once and then went my merry way , you 'd have realistic ground . 
  i am obviously not a lawyer , but my understanding is that it would go against the law against excessively insulting foreign state leaders , since there is no justifiable reason to believe that erdogan actually does fuck goats etc. 
  that would hold up in a court of law . 
  i have to mention for the sake of argument that i have n't gotten around to watching the episode yet , i just read the poem and read a few opinions on the whole ordeal and given that the comedian apparently mentioned his intentions beforehand ( showing what is illegal in germany as opposed to the original song by another program ) should disqualify it altogether . 
  to be clear , the last bit is my personal opinion . 
  where it actually falls within the triangle of freedom of expression , insult and slander is for the courts to decide . 
  it comes down to how they interpret the intent , whether they decide if it was to educate ( albeit sarcastic ) about the legality of extra 3 's song or his genuine will to ( racially ) abuse turkey 's president . 
  i think the sheer idiocy and simplicity of his juvenile insults would lead to the former . 
  i think the starting point for insults to be prosecuted seriously would fall into harassment territory in the us , at least between two private people . 
  this is of course blown out of proportion because it was on national television and a president/prime minister is the victim . 
  if i wrote you a similar poem , read it to you on skype and you called the cops they 'd at worst interview me , see i have no racist tendencies and pass it off as a dumb joke . 
  if i sent you one every day i think i 'd eventually get into trouble in the us as well . 
  if he 's that good , can we have him back ? 
  kahn and scholl are pretty fun but they 're on so rarely . 
  well , then how about you go fuck yourself you dirty smelly yank :3, 
  whether or not i 'm worried really depends on if it 's the american one , german one or turkish one . 
  i ca n't find any info on the few i 've randomly checked up on . 
  is there any way to find out what trump 845 llc even does and is not just some weird shell company ? 
  you 'll find out in the next leak from the pepenama pepepers . 
  [ seems legit . 
  ] ( https://www.google.de/maps/@34.170115,-118.1106299,3a,37.5y,5.8h,83.07t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sy3cmdrg-1tsk3blbddx2lg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!6m1!1e1 ), 
  to me that says more about the perception of what is erotic and how we act on it . 
  there is nothing inherently sexual about that robot , we are just nurtured to perceive butts as sexual on anything slightly anthropomorphic . 
  it 's a bit unsettling , that everything we find sexual comes down to what society taught us to find sexual and we can apply that sexuality to lifeless machines . 
  the kind of people that do n't realize stevie is his nickname . 
  i assume this is what more productive or proactive people do . 
  i mostly just think about when it 's socially acceptable to eat again . 
  i could n't eat as much as i would want to throw up at your happiness . 
  i think by ` love at first sight ' most people mean ` first interaction ' , i.e. 
  two people recognize traits in each other they value immediately after they meet . 
  that and a bit of romantic hindsight . 
  it 's a common figure of speech in german . 
  i 'm sure other people have been there before me . 
  exactly . 
  til i 'm a scientist . 
   we 're doing quite fine . 
  well enough to realize that / r/the _ donald is full of shit . 
  klei mi anne f\u00f6\u00f6t . 
  preferably go on the day you won the lottery , found scarlett johansson 's phone number on the side walk and talked a german speeding camera out of a ticket . 
  if you do n't mind being very uncomfortable for two and a half hours , watch [ das boot ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082096/ ) . 
   bigger than waterford where i currently live , it 's just too small, 
  if you want to come to a place that looks like [ home ] ( https://i.imgur.com/cwquarl.jpg ) , come to [ flensburg ] ( https://i.imgur.com/trh1cld.jpg ) . 
  twice as big , though . 
   green, 
   gaelic football, 
  i hope they get into group b. 
  because that group would be a steaming pile of number two . 
  similar to flensburg i guess . 
  i always liken the town to a pretty girl with acne , it looks a lot better at night . 
  according to a tiny bit of research the characters in the game he posted the image from are named kusanagi motoko , batou , saito , paz , togusa , borma , ishikawa , and maven . 
  makes me think that at least half of them are n't japanese . 
  i still do n't understand why they 'd cast scarlett johansson as motoko when we live in a world in which rinko kikuchi exists . 
   oh , i language isolate am , you fuck, 
  no dumbass left behind, 
  maybe in his mind the napoli players all congratulated him on his great goal . 
  why would martina hill share taxis ? 
  she was already in switch reloaded and other things . 
  she was at least moderately known at that point . 
  if the ufc is involved it 's gon na be ppv ( no pun intended ) and then it 's porn and legal . 
  that does n't change the biological function of a body though , does it ? 
  the presence of a penis will , in the vast majority of cases , be linked to the functionality of the male part of the whole reproductive process . 
  i understand , acknowledge and appreciate the concept of gender fluidity as the brain is weird and complex , feeling womanly in some aspects and male in others , or fully like the other gender regardless of the body you 're into , but each sex does have organs that , in an anatomical sense , make a body perform a certain way . 
  therefore i do n't understand how a body can be strictly sexless ( special cases like hermaphrodites excluded ) . 
  no , science approaches it like that . 
  males of almost all ( mammal ) species are defined as the ones with semen , and females with the eggs . 
  we are , and have been for this entire conversation , been talking about * bodies * . 
  sex . 
  not gender . 
   some people with testes has more testosterone than estrogen which obviously affects our bodies , and someone with ovaries usually have more estrogen which affects their bodies , but a lot of the weight we put in how males should act and how females should act and how he live up to that is socially constructed . 
  i just do n't feel like that is correct . 
  first of all , estrogen and testosterone affect how we act as people . 
  so it 's natural and to be expected that males and females act and react differently . 
  secondly , that is not the point we 're arguing at all . 
   i did n't realize we were arguing . 
  as in , having a back-and-forth with arguments .
