  of course , [ fifa looks at it ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-33595804 ) , too , with intent to punish it accordingly , but that would obviously go against the point i never made in the first place . 
   arsenal, 
  i think you 're lying . 
  i would be a lot more on your side if you did n't probably kill madeleine mccann . 
  we 're not talking about absolute numbers in this instance though . 
  it 's the percentage of people you 'd expect partaking compared to other pastimes , sports in particular . 
  since the question was easily understood to be about organized soccer if i remember correctly , it 's really not that accessible . 
  especially for the majority of users in this sub , americans . 
  you still need 22 dudes , a ref and a 100 meter long pitch to play properly . 
  it 's obvious that in this sub the viewers far exceed the partakers . 
  the `` have seen a match live '' stat is what worries me more , since we apparently ca n't even do the viewing part right . 
  that is fine , but the original post has anything to do with how a person finds intelligent people attractive . 
  but gender is a construct and dicks are fake . 
  his dad did . 
  sapiens is the `` wise '' part of homo sapiens . 
  if you were attracted to humans you would be a homosexual , obviously . 
  who watches rugby in seattle , puts quotation marks on the word ` soccer ' and goes to 80k seat stadiums ? 
  sounds pretty english to me . 
  see my other comment . 
  i might be wrong , but the salaries seem a lot more structured in american pro sports than they do in european sports . 
  all their wage structures are self imposed , but a single transfer of a youngster can blow older , deserved players out of the water . 
  i do n't think someone like neymar would immediately rise to the top earners in american sports . 
  are we at a point in time where people that call themselves deadfetusconsumer are close to go pro in soccer ? 
  gorch fock * off *, 
  i was as sad as you to find out botswana meat comission is no more . 
  they are now the gilport lions . 
   at stoke away, 
  are you implying the chance of messi playing * for * stoke ? 
  shh bby is ok, 
  why is this comment so fucking funny, 
  i do n't think he knows that people live in different houses . 
  with zlatan it always feels like he 's on our side when it comes to meta-commentary about misquoting players and extending outrage over non-issues . 
  `` i 'll say absurd shit that you take at face value , at least you wo n't misquote me and everyone with half a brain knows i 'm laughing about it , too . '', 
  more like trickle away economics . 
  if anything it 's proof that giving few entities a lot of money is a good way to get the money to move out of the country . 
  it would be , if you were an englishman saying a german word with french pronunciation . 
  at least bayern accepts getting shit on for centuries for this and leverkusen has the balls to let their bought youngsters play . 
  he 's gon na hand out toilet wine at the marienplatz this year . 
  yeah , but if you own a multi-million mansion in gr\u00fcnwald or bogenhausen you do n't really want to go to sleepaway camps . 
  absolutely , i did n't mean this to be a general rule . 
  i was more refering to his use of trickle-down economics which are commonly used to justify tax breaks for the rich , which limit the benefits you mentioned . 
  and also , the premier league does n't * have * to give their teams this much money . 
  it would prevent them from overspending for mediocre players like klose since it would n't be so obvious that english teams can be milked like that . 
  then the prem and the country would have more money . 
  if hamburg never had to sell players they 'd be the ones with the boateng - kompany backline now . 
  imagine how they feel . 
  `` i mean , city is gon na need someone to replace lampard when he returns after his loan from nycfc . '', 
  oh my god , this sub really stepped up its banter game since then . 
  i realized that , i just wanted to sound smaaht . 
  i think he 's saying balance between is more important than ever . 
  with so many players technically gifted in good physical condition there 's no space for one-trick ponies like berbatov . 
  i assume the premier league itself retains a bunch of money for organisational purposes . 
  why not just keep a few percentages more ? 
  the bargaining power of playing in league one instead of the prem ? 
  probably can , that bastard . 
  make 'em all escape in the end , supes and bats go out to catch them in the next dozen movies . 
  boom , dc cinematic universe written . 
  do n't lean yourself too far out the window , my german friend . 
  but those are n't * real * goals . 
  all that , and our festivities are still sacred . 
  shops are n't open on sundays in many places , etc. 
  especially christmas eve is when most people work half days , have the week off and everyone collectively calms the fuck down . 
  oh my , i still remember that godawful report sportschau ( ? ), 
  put out after that . 
  lasogga in his usual oedipal self , holding his fingers up `` pierre - michel - lasogga '' like him having three names and having scored three times was some sort of prophecy . 
  does noone remember hamburg 's terrible preparation ? 
  they only teach superlatives in bayern 's german lessons because they want to set them up for greatness . 
   sammer said he had such a great body for his age, 
  to be fair , buffon has only gotten better during those 80 years . 
  maybe koreans are just shit at dodging balls . 
  please tell me he was working in a ww1 arms factory . 
  you do n't need two eyes to punch people though . 
   nepalese guest workers, 
  get it right mate . 
  it 's a love-hatecrime relationship . 
  this is only excusable if your girlfriend is a cat . 
  saw his age of adz tour alone , where he opened with seven swans . 
  went on my own , almost crying in the theatre . 
  had to leave before the encore to catch the last train home , missed out on chicago . 
  i was so bummed :(, 
  probably just had n't found a team willing to pay the `` had a good world cup '' fee in the past two years . 
  was an exilwessi for five years , but i have seen the light again . 
  and i 'll change the flair as soon as etsv weiche get promoted and their own flair . 
  south hamburg is basically bremen and bremen is the worst . 
  first time i got to see higher flight soccer regularly . 
  also the stadium and the atmosphere are amazing for a third/second division club . 
  they 're glasses , not plastics . 
  i am . 
  that 's why i made that joke . 
  the only thing low hanging was her defense . 
  you could say it was a kicker, 
  and at bayern you 're set for life . 
  i 'd argue it 's one of the very best clubs to retire at as a player . 
  just look at gerd m\u00fcller and what the club has done for him . 
  from jerome mumbleteng ? 
   working with a specific manager , be part of a project, 
  two reasons to not go to madrid . 
  lewandowski does n't strike me as someone who would let local nightlife factor much into his decisions . 
  americans seem to find the german accent oddly endearing . 
  enough for me to ham it up a bit , despite my years of learning to hide it .
