  why disappointed ? 
  you just learned a whole new world of copypasta : the german one . 
  i 'm always confused about how successful gifs of german tv shows that i loathe are on reddit . 
  marina hill most of all . 
  on that note , i heard that japan has a high number of `` suicides '' because the pressure to solve murder cases often leads to a more , well , simple conclusion . 
  or it 's his way of showing what a republican majority can do to a dem president . 
  that 's also what everybody said about hoffenheim the year they got promoted and had a stunning first half season . 
  afaik , wolfsburg was founded as a worker 's club and vw made use of the 20 year rule when the time came ( the 20 years rule meaning that non-club entities who have supported the club consistently for 20 years on all levels being allowed to own more than the 49 % share , as far as i can tell from the statutes ) . 
  vw did that in wolfsburg , bayer did that in leverkusen and hopp did that in hoffenheim . 
  red bull did n't do that in leipzig . 
  the first part of the problem is that germans take their clubs very seriously , which means a ) a societal benefit as their main purpose and b ) member participation . 
  while a ) is debatable for every club , leipzig is the only noteworthy club that shits all over b ) . 
  the second problem is that many clubs would like to sell out , but they adhere to the rules . 
  leipzig circumventing the rules the way they do might not make them illegal but at least rightfully - in my opinion - hated by fans of law-abiding clubs . 
  just for reference :, 
  bayern m\u00fcnchen has 270.000 members with voting rights , hsv has 76.000 and bayer leverkusen has 10.000 . 
  leipzig has 14 . 
  fourteen , and guess who they work for . 
  the bundesliga is really not boring , especially this season , if you look beyond the first two spots . 
  it 's a complete toss-up . 
  \\  tfw you 're german and you forgot the game was on because you were too busy watching the sportschau, 
  i will never forget when sennhauser called iker casillas `` iker casillias '', 
  both invested heavily in youth projects and young players . 
  both played intense , high speed soccer that is eventually tiring . 
  similarities are bigger than you make them out to be . 
  the time frame where hoffenheim spent really big was between '07 and '10 where they spent close to 46m total . 
  in the last three years ( ' 14 - ' 17 ) , leipzig spent nearly 100m . 
  considering soccer inflation and leipzig 's occasional overpayment they 're not all too far apart so far i think . 
  i find it a bit paradoxical that people care so much about the buli being a one-horse-race but at the same time do n't care about all the other storylines that make the league interesting . 
  too much ivolvement ? 
  of course we could abstain from all missions , but that would mean checking out of all our defensive treaties as well . 
  we 're doing the absolute bare minimum right now . 
  this is just a break a few eggs to make an omelett type of deal . 
  where all our friends go guns blazing and we send flying cameras ? 
  that was to appease our biggest and most important ally at a time they were most panicked . 
  what do you think they 'd say if we need them but did n't help them that time ? 
  and less moral inhibitions because lawsuits are less likely to completely fuck the other person over . 
  yeah but if i mean to punish someone else i 'm gon na sue him regardless of the outcome . 
  but there are , for example , plenty of young people who sue their parents for financial support that probably would hold back if the suit had a bigger outcome than rightful payments . 
  you do n't sue them and insurance pays . 
  it 's cases where students ' parents earn too much for their kids to be eligible for governmental support , but the parents refuse to pay the support they have to by law . 
  so the only choice for the student is to sue them . 
  if the parents had to pay support * and * exorbitant lawyer fees it would deter many kids to ask for what is theirs by law . 
  that 's why i 'm not in the national team . 
   i 've seen at least 2 better womens goals than that one . 
  and they do n't look like they were scored in 1979 . 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4q6kqryqym ), 
  he 's basically saying that rangnick has to prove that his soccer can win leagues and not just promotions . 
  so far leipzig plays typical ` outsider-soccer ' , i.e. 
  quick counter play , taking into account lost long balls but trying to regain possession in the opponent 's half . 
  rangnick has built himself a good team with that strategy in mind , young , quick players at the expense of soccer intelligence and experience ( namely timo werner ) . 
  rangnick thinks it 's more important how a team acts during opponent 's possession rather than a team 's own . 
  what the author basically questions is how far such a play style can take a club . 
  rangnick has been promoted eight times in his career , but as soon as he reached or exceeded his aim he faltered . 
  he has been let go from most of his clubs , usually due to butting heads with other personnel . 
  another point the author raises is that leipzig supposedly has the best academy in europe . 
  however no player from it has made it to the first team . 
  in fact , the only player in the first squad from said academy has recently been let go for disciplinary reasons , so it 's questionable how helpful the youngsters will be bridging the gap between the current style and potential champion 's league soccer . 
  especially if you consider that despite rangnick being revolutionary in his methods 15 years ago , many other young coaches with limited player experience have followed in his footsteps and even surpassed him . 
  tuchel , schmidt and hasenh\u00fcttl in particular . 
  and despite all that , it have been successful former national team players turned coaches and other traditionalists that have won the big championships . 
  the only title rangnick ever snatched was the dfb-pokal with schalke in 2011 , where he only had to play in the final against second division duisburg . 
  this is obviously not a direct translation and i interpreted a bit for the sake of brevity , so please do n't kill me if i misinterpreted a point or two in your eyes . 
  i think he 'll stay just for the fact that he 'll be laughed at for speaking spanish with a london accent . 
  but also extremely fun , and it would probably also work because shit ideas seem to work out depressingly well these days . 
  to be fair , they do spend a lot on their academy . 
  it 's just too bad their academy has produced fuck all so far . 
  the dresden incident is mostly inspired by the local derby-ness of the match , though . 
  there was enough animosity between the two cities before rb leipzig became the most obvious anti-thesis to dynamo . 
  brandt is maybe a year behind san\u00e9 in terms of steady soccer , but he plays for a team that is ( at least on paper ) better than schalke and is churning out great performance after great performance lately . 
  i would n't be surprised if he 's gon na break massively into the national squad by the end of the season , unless gnabry or san\u00e9 * really * convince l\u00f6w , but even then i 'd consider him a better fit . 
  for me personnally he is what g\u00f6tze was before he burned out . 
  nah , internal bundesliga transfers are always cheaper than bundesliga - premier league transfers . 
  i think he * could * go for 30m to a bundesliga team and 50m to a prem team . 
  but there are three teams in the buli who could realistically afford him : dortmund do n't need him , bayern will have a hard time getting past v\u00f6ller and wolfsburg have been burnt a bit with their last expensive german talent they hired . 
  i think his willingness to consider liverpool depends heavily on how they finish their season . 
  he seems more ambitious and level-headed than many players his age , and would prefer a team with more potential to regularly play continental soccer rather than a move to a flashier club with little more than a support role for him . 
  an easy one ( hints increasingly easier ) :, 
  my father is a world champion . 
  my brother is a brazilian national player . 
  i could have played for three different countries . 
  two of my namesakes play for psg . 
  i 'm a spanish national from italy . 
  / r/hailcorporate, 
  aight, 
  shit , you 're right . 
  i was convinced brandt did n't start playing consistently until last year . 
  i was basing that argument on the possibility of brandt actively wanting to leave . 
  that they 're not gon na sell him unless brandt seeks to exit leverkusen should be clear . 
  you know , what ? 
  i value brandt greatly , and i would have agreed with you . 
  but then hamburg signed halilovic from barcelona for 5m $ with a 10m $ buyback clause . 
  bundesliga transfers still operate on a different level , and if a player wants to leave , there 's little that can hold him . 
  that said , like i mentioned before , brandt seems level-headed and he seems to be advised well by his dad and they turned down bayern before . 
  yeah , craig ferguson seems like a typical great guy to have no beer with . 
  i thought it was some sort of hat . 
  halfway through the thread i thought `` why would supreme make noodle bowls ? 
  turns out supreme makes noodle bowls . 
  y' all are silly .
