  long story short : if / r/de makes it to the front page , it 's y' all idiots ' fault . 
  yeah , that scheduled trip over a month after the inauguration for a meeting between two of the most important allies reeks of despair . 
  odonkor , or current contender motherfucking rudy, 
  i know i 'd be in the papers for not doing my job if i was president because i 'd be busy for weeks trying to learn about every secret in the government . 
  hey air force , ic , nasa , what have y' all been hiding all these years ? 
  he says , commenting on an article from a mainstream tabloid , quoting the biggest tabloid in europe in its third sentence . 
  yes , and as long as hamburg has to play relegation , they will not go down . 
  that 's good content , although i have to admit i 'm a bit irritated by the narrator 's total unwillingness to make an effort to pronounce the players ' names somewhat correctly . 
  they * already * had a 50m $ offer for him from china , which k\u00f6ln turned down . 
  noone 's guessing or hoping about that here . 
  because schmadtke confirmed it and tianjin quanjian did n't deny it ? 
  that 's why women live off their men ? 
  maybe it 's inverse for women , so you should have a bacon sandwich down below ? 
  fuck do i know about how this is supposed to work, 
  he 's going to kobe , i love sushi , but it would be something else i 'd binge on in that city . 
  captain tsubolski, 
  it 's a bit of a german meme that l\u00f6w has a hard-on for players from the south , south-west especially . 
  i find them a lot easier this year than the past three fifas . 
   please come to brazil, 
  you just want to rob him , do n't you, 
  then get that bitch arrested for faking qualifications, 
  nice mixture of money and favors to get others to do something nice for your mom, 
  saw them live on a friday noon at a festival in 2008 before my first few beers . 
  not really my cup of tea , but those fingers are fucking fast, 
  london is just little america at this point . 
  does zagreb play in league 2 ? 
  did n't think so, 
  if you can enjoy slow paced , weird , mind-fucky arthouse films , yes . 
  if you 're more into ` movie ' - movies , then probably not . 
  it 's a schwa , usually , like most short e 's in german . 
  it 's basically the sound you make when you relax your mouth and exhale . 
  that 's russian for `` no skiing ! '', 
  that 's a bit misleading , though . 
  the high fractionalization in africa is mostly due to the amount of clans and peoples that live in each country and have n't mixed much . 
  i do n't want to overlook cultural differences between those people , but i think what we 're talking about is something completely different from e.g. 
  tanzania being made up of multiple tribes . 
  it 's about the amount of nationalities in europe . 
  i do n't think jay-z is a tourist attraction like that . 
  see central park , up the empire state , hang with the jigga man , eat nyc style pizza . 
  just do n't open the . jpg , it 's not that difficult, 
  yeah , but hockey has canadians aplenty , it 's like cheating . 
  this here is probably the only subreddit with both a real international following and passion . 
   pulisthegreatesteveric, 
  oh my god its tru, 
  they will all be named after american presidents . 
  i feel sorry for the inevitable kenneth roy alan joseph chipolina . 
  that poor girl . 
  and dybala , kane and lewandowski . 
  and then fifa was right all along . 
  has anyone ever fucking ` played ' that ? 
  i feel like that 's some sort of urban myth . 
  whether i like you or not depends heavily on whether you always win or always lose . 
  just to be a dick : it should be just karlsruhe , karlsruher is the possessive form and makes little sense if you leave out the ` sc ' . 
  it 's like calling hsv ` hamburger ' . 
  i do believe you ?!, 
  just saying that an international user base means less well expressed opinions due to second language speakers and clashing ideologies . 
  he became a man the second he broke his arm, 
  if angle 's tight , cut inside, 
  it 's quality made in greater germany !, 
  yeah , in 2024 , like we agreed . 
   understands politics well enough . 
  and people too . 
  at least until he tells a little girl on national television that she 'll be deported soon . 
   i also think that physical attributes can outweigh and overcome low footballing iq/poor decision making, 
  i think it goes either way . 
  for example , i do n't think xavi has any particular outstanding physical features at all ( among pro players ) and still managed to be considered one of the very best in the game . 
   the overall cost to exceed $ 2 billion ( initial estimates were $ 220 million ) is pretty insane . 
  it can happen anywhere , just look at the ber airport or the elbphilharmonie in germany . 
  and i do n't think we 're particularly known for corruption or inefficiency . 
  / r/pingpong is leaking, 
  `` we have to make sure the new players are integrated quickly and well into the team '' luis stresses before the start of the olympic games . 
  he goes on : `` is ` tis a dagger i see before me ? 
  i may not agree with what you say , but i will defend to the death your right to say it !, 
  two things are infinite : the universe and human stupidity . 
  i 'll have what she 's having . 
  bismillah , no , we will not let you go . '', 
  i think he 's hoping he 's injured because his wages would be borderline criminal otherwise . 
  i think you think so , too , just pointing it out for the downvoters . 
  zlatan could be big , if he was n't so adamant about insulting so many people . 
  he 's got the charisma , the reach and the wit to be potentially be a great marketing tool ( except for the looks i guess ) . 
  you 're thinking of vadoomz, 
   he described sunday 's election as a `` great success '' for saarland 's popular conservative governor , annegret kramp-karrenbauer . 
  i 'm still just amazed that my phone reacts to `` okay , google '' but not to `` cocaine poodle '', 
  tom henning ovrebo, 
  kim kardashian has given up basically all of her privacy and dignity for fame and money . 
  her persona takes a lot of energy and effort and even a bit of talent . 
  what the lad guys do is basically stealing content and reposting it . 
  there 's a reason newspapers have to pay news agencies for content , why do n't they ? 
  why would enthusiastic fans * not * care about the teams and what they stand for ? 
  soccer would be shit and boring if people did n't care for their respective teams ( and their opponents ) . 
  and bayern is actually a football club by german standards and not a company . 
  there 's also that german mentality of financial conservatism . 
  most managers ( not coaches ) would rather remain financially stable in their spot they 're in than risk money to push for higher . 
  it 's also a lesson learned from dortmund in the early 00 's and , in a lesser sense , is happening to hamburg now . 
  why would i ask my girlfriend if she has seen my keys if i could just search the whole apartment , all my pockets , car and workplace first . 
  he 's talking about the suit ya doofus, 
  steam . 
  it 's not available in germany though , so i do n't know about other countries . 
  browsing through the detailed stats in the link above i noticed that bundesliga teams generally have remarkably few * bad touches * , so i 'd wager that interceptions are just higher because it 's the main way to lose possession . 
  whether it 's because of preferred zonal marking or more tactical finesse , i do n't know .
