  do you have to make her story worse ? 
  maybe he means a horch dealership in nazi germany, 
  well , that 's you ' r opinion . 
  ask him what his day job is and that he might want to keep it for a while, 
  emoji ^ ^ ^ \u00a9 apple, 
  but that title got ` defused ' . 
  so maybe this title will end up being ` one of the last few jedi ' ? 
  our german pride !, 
  what 's colin trevorrow got to do with those three ? 
  shit , that was a linda sarsour 's thoughts on islamic jurisprudence march ? 
  i thought it was funny sign competition . 
  your argument against the epa is an anecdote about that time ` not the epa ' halted a construction in order to potentially save irreplaceable artifacts ? 
  they wo n't add blood because they might run into issues in germany and other countries for that . 
  as long as he knows to say `` och man alter ey '' he can play on any german team . 
  och man old ey, 
  they 're basically just four interjections of frustration in a row . 
  there 's no precise translation , really . 
  sc2 is like a classical piano concert , where you have to play a piece the way some dude 200 years wrote it and you know everyone in the audience has seen it performed more perfectly by the greats . 
  dota 2 is a improv jazz quintett where everyone in the band waits for their time to shine but noone really knows what the fuck they 're doing . 
  [ me too thanks ] ( https://i.imgur.com/psv3ddg.png ), 
  i see everything . 
   modern civilized countries, 
  palestine is n't modern , civilized or a country at the moment . 
  have you ever even been to paris or berlin ? 
  someone with an internet connection that knows people from both sides of the wall ? 
  well , with less of the historical weight on it . 
  still the word you 'd use as an insult . 
  i do n't fully understand what you 're arguing . 
  he just barely made it past the first week . 
  as a german i root for the team of space jam aliens that stole mouz ' skill . 
  well i have president hands, 
  not two cute , just a cute . 
  yeah , but he 's a world champion first team player . 
  there 's not many of those . 
  just jelly of his fupa, 
  yeah , but that 's a bit of the point though . 
  a less professional player with his accolades would not have let himself be moved to the reserves for months and then be happy to make it back to the first team . 
  it 's the combination of the supposed disrespect of moving him down with his unwillingness to just sit out his contact and instead proving his worth . 
  ^ ^ fact ^ ^ provided ^ ^ by ^ ^ kellyanne ^ ^ conway, 
  who is the left getting played by ? 
  those multinational , open-border shills ? 
  those rich syrian refugees ? 
  unemployed , sick , poor people in need of health care ? 
  the anti-world war lobby ? 
  switzerland ? 
  then tell me * how * the left is being played , since this is pretty much a non-answer . 
  russia is n't investing in the forces that wish to make the eu stronger , right-wing nationalists are n't investing in leftist ideals . 
  if you think there is a plot to destabalize countries by making them take in refugees , maybe pick up an ethics book yourself . 
  you understand we 're not talking about america here , but internationally ? 
  if you want to blame soros or blm or whoever then please do that when we 're not in a conversation about marine le pen . 
  tell me how europe 's left is being radicalized and give some examples for your claim and do n't tell me i have to look for them myself . 
  i am german , i am well aware how radicalization works . 
  usa war zu stolzig, 
  guys i 'm losing track someone help me out here, 
  12 year old me would be upset it took so long, 
  i want this to be true so much, 
  that 's what happens when la traffic meets la vanity, 
  it 's fine , there 's none of them here . 
  thank you darling, 
  * so * cringeworthy, 
  i thought murder ca n't be in self-defense as it implies am ` active ' role . 
  would n't that be self-defense homicide of anything ? 
  at least he does n't seem quite so infatuated with breitbart . 
  there are no apolitical acts available ? 
  yeah but how hard is it to sync robots to kill humans, 
  i doubt that , have n't you read the reddit post about the chinese factory that replaced all their staff with robots and gained 250 % efficiency or something ? 
  i 'd love to see him go to bayern just to find out how long it would take him to pick up fluent german . 
  french are only okay in madrid if they 're french-algerian or what ? 
   if you 've been a fan a long time you 'll be pleased how this year has begun . 
  all the more reason to be upset that hamburg has been punching below their weight for five fucking years . 
  i think we 're over-analyzing this ( no pun intended ) . 
  maybe videos of people shitting in other people 's faces just should n't be on a medium with as little age restriction as youtube . 
  same people that want to convince a former national socialist , now social democratic country that nazis were socialists . 
  and north korea is a democratic people 's republic , obviously . 
  i guess they do n't want to upset disbelievers . 
  those united shirts look great when the chevrolet logo is n't visible . 
  if it was ufc it 'd be a tag team match, 
  replay, 
  f\u00fcr den kapitulationsvertrag ? 
   linde `` sees no conflict '' between her government 's human rights policy and signing trade deals with an oppressive dictatorship that tortures prisoners , persecutes gays , and is a leading executioner of minors . 
  because it sings about borders of the german empire that are n't current anymore and would imply that foreign soil is rightfully ours . 
  e : mixed that up , it 's the first verse, 
  the real question is if you 're naruto-old , dragonball-old or astro boy-old . 
  redeye , that video game host established the combination of the `` brutal . 
  savage . 
  rekt . '', 
  comment chain to a wider audience , the term ` savage ' in that is used , well , because it was used before . 
   to quote alice schwarzer on von beust, 
  oh my god , have i grown to loathe that woman lately . 
  i would but children ca n't be sued . 
  db was late 80s , dbz 90s and naruto was 00s . 
  90s kids would know that, 
  it 's fine , you can trust me . 
  by the way , my name is jud . . jud ... judith . 
  scout all cfs under 22 ? 
  strength : 132, 
  the scoreline is correct , just the news on hltv.org is fake . 
  now kith, 
  no kidding , i wish they 'd incorporate the city they 're in a lot more . 
  that cheesy gambling swing song was prefect for las vegas .
