til there are prisma 's in latvia . 
  i think more people want to get rid of conscription than make it compulsory for women also . 
  two games , two wins !, 
  i guess the win against the swedes was expected but the one against turkey was really surprising , even though we 've been in a pretty good form recently . 
  henrik dettman really knows what he is doing . 
  yes . 
  and the swedes have been doing it openly all along : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fra_law * the fra law ( fra-lagen in swedish ) is a swedish legislative package that authorizes the swedish defence radio authority to warrantlessly wiretap all telephone and internet traffic that crosses sweden 's borders . 
  it was passed by the parliament of sweden on june 18 , 2008 , by a vote of 143 to 138 ( with one delegate abstaining and 67 delegates not present ) [ 1 ] and took effect on january 1 , 2009 . 
  serbia seems to be doing good in all the big team sports ( football , volleyball , basketball ) . 
  lots of good tennis players too . 
  also its seems that serbians living in the nordics are often stereotyped with being involved with organized crime and drug trafficking . 
  it 's funny since all the serbs i 've known have been in food industry or students . 
  friendly people with a great sense of humor . 
   and of course emir kusturica . 
  for what it 's worth , i think the netherlands is best known for ajax ( jari litmanen ) , art and dams . 
  ( after that comes the hookers and legal weed . 
  a 17-year-old girl singing about sucking a `` lollipop '' while you just play your playstation . 
  www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbs6_2va1e0 linda vink vink   i 'm not sure how popular this actually is but the song and it 's greasy producers have been hilariously trashed all over the internet . 
  we never went to christiania because the locals told us it 's a dump . 
  did we miss anything ? 
  i do n't know anything about the dutch except their reputation . 
  never been there . 
  dublin was light up all right , but no more than any other european capital i 've visited . 
  copenhagen on the other hand , omg . 
  that 's the smoking capital of northern europe , easily . 
  tell me about it . 
  are they right-wing populists ( opportunists ) like true finns and sweden democrats or are they something more serious and similar with the greek golden dawn ? 
  how much support is there for the edl really ? 
  i 'm a little confused since in the finnish press they 're considered either as a minor hooligan group or a major far right threat in british politics . 
  great pictures . 
  i 've got nothing but nice memories from vilnius , lithuanian people are the nicest !, 
   riga and tallinn are very nice cities also , i 'd recommend a baltic train/roadtrip to anyone who has n't visited that corner of europe . 
  http://yle.fi/uutiset/nine_people_now_affected_by_datura_poisoning/6656134 http://yle.fi/uutiset/valio_recalls_salad_mix_over_datura_fears/6656760 probably a mistake by a belgian distributor . 
  finland : swedish riots . 
  two pussy riot members disappeared from a festival in helsinki ( they 're fine ) . 
  datura found in some frozen vegetables , several people ill . chemical leak in a small river in helsinki , lots of dead fish . 
  sweden : ingmar bergman , princess madeleine , stina nordenstam norway : therese johaug , aksel lund svindal , jens stoltenberg denmark : susanne bier , nicholas winding refn , nils bohr iceland : bj\u00f6rk , emiliana torrini , jonsi birginsson estonia : kaia kanepi , tomas ilves , lennart meri latvia : vaira vike-freiberga , arturs irbe , janis sprukts russia : leo tolstoi , andrei tarkovsky , anna polikovskaja germany : ulrike meinhoff , immanuel kant , karl marx austria : ludwig wittgenstein , nicole hosp , thomas vanek switzerland : roger federer , rene fasel , simon ammann netherlands : peter stuyvesant , anne frank , anneke van giersbergen france : serge gainsbourg , edith piaf , marion cotillard spain : fernando alonso , francisco pizarro , veronika sanchez italy : roberto benigni , dario argento , monica bellucci england : john lennon , ian curtis , david attenborough scotland : irwine welsh , ewan mcgregor , alexander graham bell ireland : james joyce , colin farrell , lisa hannigan greece : antonis samaras , ekaterine thanou , sokrates poland : karol wojtyla , lech walesa , bronislaw malinowski czech rep : franz kafka , vaclav havel , emil zatopek slovakia : dominika cibulkova , pavol demitra , miroslav satan belarus : alexander lukasenko , sergei kostitsyn , michail grabovski serbia : ana ivanovic , novak djokovic , emir kusturica ukraine : olga saladuha , ani lorak , julia tymoshenko slovenia : tina maze , anze kopitar , primoz peterka i cant ' name any portuguese , lithuanians , bulgarians or romanians who are n't football related . 
  and i feel stupid for that . 
  stockholm is pretty and clean and safe but the people are too posh and uptight . 
  i prefer gothenburg personally . 
  helsinki is like a smaller , cleaner and safer version of st.petersburg . 
  lots of smug , wannabe-berliner hipsters in certain downtown districts but if you can avoid them the people are generally friendly . 
  i 've only been a couple of times in copenhagen and it was years ago but back then i thought it was the best nordic capital . 
  best parts of continental europe and scandinavia combined . 
  never been to amsterdam . 
  i 'm all for immigration to finland and i think these protestors are retarded but come on !, 
  you welcomed those finnish migrants with open arms . 
  you had a shortage of workforce in your car factories for example and finnish immigrants in the 50-70 's filled that shortage . 
  it 's not even slightly comparable to today 's refugee crisis . 
  where has it been confirmed that a large number of them are isis ? 
  train/bus trip from malm\u00f6 or stockholm to tornio is probably nice and comfy compared to what they 've endured before on their journey from iraq to northern europe . 
  why not ? 
  good benefits and they 're more likely to get an asylum from finland than in sweden . 
  plus the whole process is faster here . 
  i guess they would take a ferry from sweden straight to helsinki or turku but you need id for that so they 're taking the northern route instead . 
  i kinda like tornio/torne \u00e5 , it has certain charm , but i guess in small , remote towns like that the stereotypes are alive and well . 
  there is n't any proof and the article does n't even claim that . 
  the title of the thread is highly editorialized . 
  sweden , and denmark too , has signed an agreement with the iraqi government which allows some asylum-seekers to be returned forcibly . 
  http://mobile.reuters.com/article/topnews/idusl186017520080219?irpc=932 there are other reasons too , for example the processing time in finland is faster as the amount of asylum seekers is smaller . 
  it 's mostly iraqis who are coming to finland from sweden because for them it 's easier to get an asylum in finland than in sweden . 
  syrians are mostly staying in sweden ( or germany ) as far as i know . 
  200 - 300 people , mostly iraqis , are crossing that border every day . 
  surely housing ca n't be a problem if your town has the money to buy smart phones and designer clothes for refugees ? 
   also , i feel there 's a huge stigma about the refugees . 
  governments want to take them it ( rightfully ) and people are reluctant to do so . 
  some people are reluctant of course but not as many as you 'd think by reading finnish internet comments . 
  why do n't every single refugee storm your little town where everything is free then ? 
  i do n't get why you people keep spreading this bullshit . 
  i used to work with refugees and i can assure you we do n't give away luxuries . 
  stop reading `` alternative media '' . 
   yep , everything is free . 
  stop talking shit . 
  the state nor cities do n't give away smart phones or designer clothes . 
  lots of kids migrate by themselves . 
  there are even dedicated refugee centers for underage migrants who came by themselves . 
  not what i meant , but i 've seen that bottle many time in parties in here ... 
  is that the strong , vodka drink with herbs that tastes a bit like absinthe ? 
  ok , cool . 
  thanks for the best swear word !, 
  god of thunder ? 
  do you still use perkunas/perkele in lithuanian ? 
  that 's the thing though - we did n't come from a one place . 
  some of us came from the east , some from the west . 
  it 's not controversial at all . 
  but that 's a linguistic group !, 
  just like the greek people are mixture of all your neighbours the finns are also mixture of finns , northern germanics , balts , slavs , samis , etc. ... 
  what `` race '' do you think we are part of ? 
  i 'm honestly curious . 
  these pathetic assholes are n't even nationalists . 
  it 's a group lead from sweden which has branches in finland , norway and denmark . 
  their aim is some ridiculous `` pure-breed '' nordic nation . 
  i 've always liked latvia and latvians . 
  not least because they 're one of the few countries in europe who care about hockey . 
  also they 're pretty cool people and riga is a neat city . 
  does this mean that nokia is the owner of bell labs now ? 
  i like the gesture but is n't this just a map of population density of finland as pretty much every lutheran parishes around the country are taking part ? 
  it 's mostly an idiotic alt-right catchphrase from people who have never even been to sweden . 
  do people still mistake you as an ice hockey powerhouse because of the mighty ducks and gunnar stahl ? 
  denmark actually has a pretty decent hockey team nowadays with plenty of players from the nhl and top european leagues .
