  have a good night, 
  for sure they are more rightful for an independence than catalonia, 
  it wo n't , period . 
  i think our goverement is so clear about it , i do n't know why people keep imagining an alternative reality . 
  20 years ago the independentism in catalonia was below 20 % , ( right now in the basque country is around 22-25 % ) they just want to leave cause things are bad and their politicians trick them telling them that is spain 's fault . 
  after we recover from the crisis no one will remember the independence, 
  it is not going to happen anyway , so its better to do n't waste too much time on this, 
  allright , listen to what catalonia wants . 
  and what happens if , after a referendum , the independence wins for 55 % ? 
  should the spanish goverment abandon 45 % of the catalans ? 
  after feeling spanish all their lives , will they find themselves as they are not spanish anymore ? 
  and please , do n't dare to tell me that they should leave catalonia then , cause i could say the same about independentists  stability is key , but i believe that if catalan independence would bring spain down , then try to reason with them and appease their wants and needs ; yeah , basically just give them all they want as a bailout . 
  nah , eta already tried that , and it did n't work . 
  we will defend our territories and our constitution . 
  that 's it . 
  that 's what `` sovereign country '' means, 
  38 % of the people there speak spanish , so it 's good for me anyway , california seems to be one of the most `` europeans '' states , so i would fully support a trade agreement with them ( unlike the ttip ), 
  then basically supporting the independence of catalonia is supporting the breaking of a country like spain and as i said , a country has to defend is territories . 
  since catalonia is not a country but a region of spain , and therefore spanish , the goverment has to defend that region from independentists that try to break spain . 
  that 's why it matters . 
  more like holidays that looks like a torture to me , i would cut it to 5 cities as maximum otherwise you will go running everywhere if you want to see everything and you wo n't really enjoy any of those cities, 
  that 's a definition let 's see the english one : country noun 1a nation with its own government , occupying a particular territory : ` the country 's increasingly precarious economic position ' ` spain , italy , and other european countries ' the thing is , during the history , catalonia always depended on other countries ( hispania , kingdom of aragon , etc ) , so catalonia has never been independent as a country per se, 
  yes , and actually that is the closest that they had been from being a country . 
  but the kingdom of aragon was way bigger than just catalonia, 
  well i was answering that guy who posted about scotland and catalonia , and i was pointing out a fact that many people forget . 
  scotland is a country that belongs to a group of countries , while catalonia has never been a country . 
  and for me it matters , cause if catalonia was a country before , i would understand their desire for an independence and for me it would be rightful . 
  but if catalonia wasnt a country before , is it rightful to give them the independence ? 
  i mean , if i live in a village of 300 people and all of us want to become independent , would that be rightful ? 
  i do n't think so only countries that have been conquered in the past have the right to become independent . 
  otherwise independence = break a country . 
  and a country has to defend its territories, 
  except for one smail detail , scotland is a country , catalonia is n't edit : before downvoting i would appreciate a source proving that catalonia has ever been a country in the whole history . 
  thanks , 
  i know spaniards in scandinavia that have to take d3 vitamin because of the lack of sun . 
  aparently it helps you with the depressing feeling and boosts you up a bit . 
  if you feel depressed in winter you can always give it a try, 
  maybe not this year , but if things do n't change in europe , we will see her for sure as president in a near future, 
  this if you want castles i ca n't imagine a better place, 
  what worked for me the most was to watch series/movies with english subtitles instead of the spanish ones . 
  it helped me a lot to improve my english , specially my listening . 
  i am now starting to learn a new language , and i am trying the method that consists of memorising the 1000 most common words and start working from there . 
  i heard is the best way to learn a language from scratch . 
  i guess the key is to learn enough to be able to live in that country so you can force yourself to use the new language, 
  [ the op ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8nvpe_gfzq ), 
  i hope in a near future it wo n't imply the death of the animal . 
  the bull is eaten after it , so it would be okay if the death was n't slow as it is . 
  but a show made of the slow suffering of an animal , and to clap at it , is just barbaric . 
  so an instant death or not death at all would be the right thing . 
  anyway , in my opinion it will disappear soon . 
  it 's rather impossible to find someone younger than 50 that actually likes it . 
  there it says that at the end they were tired of each other , so spain did n't take part in the wwii as i said  the only concrete result was the signing of a secret agreement under which franco was committed to enter the war at a date of his own choosing , while hitler gave only vague guarantees that spain would receive `` territories in africa '' . 
  and nothing happened after that . 
  only a group of volunteers called [ the blue division ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_division ) helped hitler, 
  i asked my grandparents they said that spain did n't take part in any of the world wars , and by that time we were besties with hitler but they want to thank you for your concern, 
  that 's why we cant use weapons , we need them brand new for the next world war , so we can fight with each other until america comes and save us, 
  you are american right ? 
  i guess you are not aware of the situation here in europe where is too damn dangerous to leave home without a weapon to defend your sister/mother from rapefugees . 
  and here in the dirty europe we dont have access to guns like in the glorious america , so we need to use bats , knives , frying pans , baguettes or whatever we have access to, 
  why should n't we, 
  here it is normal to see people dating latinos/as , but i have never seen a spaniard with a black or an asian, 
  and why those 3 ? 
  any specific reason ? 
  impossible to group countries by culture just look at countries like spain or italy , where the north and the south look like different continents culturally speaking, 
  you have more spanish speakers than spain , maybe start worrying about that, 
   finally , why would countries like britain , germany , and france want to take on the debt of italy , portugal , spain , and greece ? 
  would n't it be an unnecessary burden to have to pay off someone else 's debt ? 
  i know u are american , but i will try anyway first of all britain is not a country second , the debt of france is the same in percentage than the debt of spain , and according to you they have to pay our debt ? 
  how is that ? 
  and again , britain is going to pay our debt ? 
  uk 's debt is 88 % while spain 's one is 99 % , not a huge difference and who is going to pay belgium 's debt , that it is slightly higher than the spanish one ? 
  oh wait , i guess that does n't count cause u americans keep relating spain with poverty , even when there are zones in spain where the quality of life is way higher than in the usa , believe it or not, 
  please, 
  well , i 've been living in many countries , and i can say that people up there do n't care about family/friends as much as people here . 
  they are way more cold and individualists . 
  and i am not saying this like a bad thing , do n't get me wrong . 
  i am just saying that here we care a bit more about family , and ofc , im generalising . 
  that said , the vast tourism in spain made the price of the houses extremely high for the average wages . 
  how can a spanish youngster that worked , let 's say 5 years , compete for a flat with an old german and the money that he earned in his whole life ? 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jn-pnz5e8zs ) is melilla , the spanish city situated in africa that shares the border with morocco now imagine if they just had to walk across a bridge, 
  the most beautiful region of spain it has everything you can imagine , beautiful beaches and mountains all together , good weather and nice people . 
  girona specially is really beautiful https://imagesus-ssl.homeaway.com/mda01/708455e9-77be-43f1-a046-3b6f5baf552d.1.10.jpg, 
  [ this ] ( https://direccionactiva.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/sandalias-con-calcetines.jpg ) is more accurate, 
  works for me, 
  the united states of europe, 
  more than leave the eu , there are many many people that want to leave this eu . 
  soon or later changes will be made . 
  there 's way more immigration in the usa than in any country in europe , and still here you are , not minding your own business, 
  who does n't no that 70s show ? 
  it was my favourite back then, 
  yeah i understand that , but i do n't know , `` latino '' or `` latin american '' would be more appropriate than hispanic in my opinion, 
  well , i do n't think i should be in a different group than the rest of european people but whatever , just american thinks, 
  define `` white identity '', 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qaz0oah4evu or any of enrique iglesias , but that does n't count, 
  like the usa but good, 
  what ? 
  being nazi is not a race/ethnicity you choose to be nazi , you do n't choose to be polish/spanish/british, 
  all your family was polish , how can you be ashamed of that ? 
  just be proud of being the kind of polish that other people like , and do n't give a fuck about the rest of your compatriots , you do n't have to answer for them, 
  lol the referendum would only win in catalonia ( and no one can be sure , since the polls say otherwise http://www.infolibre.es/noticias/politica/2016/11/18/los_partidarios_del_la_independencia_cataluna_superan_los_del_por_dos_decimas_57803_1012.html ) , not in valencia , aragon or the balearic islands , any spanish person knows that .
