  it is funny to play with inferior minds every now and then , 
  that 's why the richest areas in spain are the ones without tourists , right ? 
  and yeah , we can choose , ofc we can , there are always richer countries than the uk , such as germany , denmark , sweden , etc , willing to come here every summer . 
  we will lose some brits , we will gain some of germans/swedes/dutchs / danes , and we will gain in education and respect . 
  for me it sounds good, 
  yeah , i do n't know what we would do without the glorious english masterrace they are definetly the key in the 3 % growth per year . 
   if you take into account people who spend part of the year there , the figure is certainly higher , but there are no reliable , up-to-date statistics available on that . 
  well , but that 's not my fault . 
  i did n't vote for the current party and i can not force other people to vote what i think is the right choice i guess if they vote what they vote , it is because they are doing it not that bad , or because they think the other parties would be just worse, 
  yeah , the government would be ( and actually it is ) incompetent , but what can we do ? 
  it is what people chose , we had elections and the current party won again . 
  we can not go against that . 
  riot in order to achieve what ? 
  we were hit by the crisis harder than anyone else ( before the crisis we were building in 1 year more than france , germany and uk combined , so the bubble was extremely big ) and people know that there is no a magical wand to fix all this . 
  only time . 
  the goverment can not create jobs, 
  with a huge diference in the uk that people overcrowding the hospitals actually pay taxes ( at least most of them ), 
  the nhs pays the treatment and the use of some medicines and stuff . 
  the spanish taxpayers pay for everything else ( the hospital , the salary of the doctors , etc etc ) let 's not talk about the fact that some hospitals are overcrowded by foreigners , while the actual taxpayers have to wait like everyone else, 
  yeah , now is 19 % of unemployment . 
  the fact that you cant even follow the number tells me that we are doing just fine and at a good pace, 
  spain is overflowed of tourists . 
  in many areas people is asking to control this somehow , so maybe you will just do us a favour so yes , we are in a pretty good condition . 
  the brits will just empty some areas than germans/norwegians/swedes / dutchs will fill . 
  that said , tourism is only 12 % of our economy . 
  how a retired person is a massive net contributor ? 
  we make money from working immigrants and tourism , not from retired people living here and using our healthcare system for free, 
  well , think again , cause most of english immigrants are retired , so they basically do n't contribute to the country . 
  in fact , they have been spoiling our healthcare system by using it and not contributing . 
  we make a good amount of money from tourism , not from retired people living here . 
  until now , all this was not a problem , cause many spaniards are in the uk working , so it was even . 
  we will see from now, 
  serbia is an example cause it is growing 4 % per year spain is growing 3 % per year , and lowing its unemployment like never before , and it is a clusterfuck of economy ? 
  you should stop believing the bullshit that farage tells you, 
  i am sure the 700.000 britons living in spain are happy with this decision, 
  you can always add pierogis to pizzas so you can trigger 2 countries in 1 move, 
  [ reading the sun ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/976/cpsprodpb/c41b/production/_93530205_1slaveryarrival.jpg ) , everything makes sense now, 
  i do n't think that this guy who graduated with honours wants a better life as a homeless , i think that he does n't want to be a homeless at all . 
  but that matter does n't imply immigrants , so i guess it is not important at all the brexit way to fix things is always the easiest one . 
  it does n't work tho, 
  this is retarded as fuck the worst thing is that it comes from a newspaper and not from a random guy, 
  [ sure , blame brexit ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/cpsprodpb/6eac/production/_91523382_paella.png ), 
  well , thats how we started just hope that you do n't have to face a huge crisis , or you will see independentists coming out of nowhere , thinking that they are better than the rest so they do n't deserve to suffer that crisis , cause they are too much superior for such things . 
  how can you call czech republic `` eastern '' when its aligned with your country ? 
  i agree , but you ca n't have 20 % of unemployment and good quality new jobs at the same time . 
  at least things are getting better at a fast pace, 
  have you ever seen a spaniard laughing after being called `` lazy '' or being told something related with `` siesta '' ? 
  i do n't think so, 
  we are full of them 1 million officially , so probably they are way more . 
  which is fine for me , cause fortunately most of those romanians do n't think like the op, 
  i struggle to understand how lazy people managed to make a country that is top 1 destination for romanians that go abroad searching for a better life . 
  spain looks so clean without worse-spain next to it, 
  okay , but in the meantine catalonia will ask for 7.300 mil $ to spain in 2017 http://www.economiadigital.es/es/notices/2016/12/cataluna-fla-2017-88077.php, 
  no one said this masterpiece ? 
  the swedish : [ l\u00e5t den r\u00e4tte komma in \\ ( let the right one in \\ ) ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1139797/ ), 
  no worries mr soros , keep funding pro-refugee and leftist media so they can keep manipulating people into thinking the right way ( that way that you chose to be the right one ) , and problem solved, 
  suffered by people , but not by 9yo children, 
  god bless europe, 
  they are just showing that if they want no one can enter the eu , since there are many people that do n't seem to understand that . 
  our goverment do n't have anything against scotland , but they are forced to take this position . 
  the global peace index ( gpi ) is an attempt to measure the relative position of nations ' and regions ' peacefulness . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_peace_index 1\u00ba iceland 2\u00ba denmark 3\u00ba austria 4\u00ba new zealand 5\u00ba portugal, 
  i live exactly in the `` north sea '' , in nortern spain why i have to be mediterranean :(, 
  the more not-qualified immigration , the lower the wages are . 
  many companies get a profit from that immigration, 
  for some people it is , that 's the problem unluckily for us , that people is the one ruling, 
   now i know english better then i know czech language and i wa n't to move somewhere if he is not , he has a problem, 
  first , when czech republic became an eastern eu country ? 
  second , you base your opinion on a videogame , which is retarded as fuck . 
  for example , you complain about polish kids not speaking english , not like the western europeans . 
  then let me tell you that poland is number 10 in the world in the english proficency index ( higher than belgium , since you mentioned it , and the same english level than germany for example ) . 
  so you can see how retarded it is to generalize a whole country , specially because of a videogame that said , you are an immigrant in the czech republic , so i would invite you to leave the country . 
  i do n't think they want that kind of immigrants there . 
  i wish you good luck in other country tho, 
  you can try , no one is stopping you from trying . 
  it is not up for the catalan people to decide on wheter or not to take a spanish territory away from spain . 
  that is said on our constitution , in the second point to be more accurate . 
  so personal opinions do n't matter at all , you can not go against a sovereign country 's constitution there is no such thing in the canadian constitution . 
  and the uk does n't have one . 
  i hope you learnt something new today . 
  do n't tell us what we should do , mind your own business . 
  spain is a sovereign country , that will defend its territory . 
  meaning that no one is going to take spanish territory from us . 
  so you all can cry as much as you want , but anyway it is not going to happen . 
  accept it all already and stop talking about this , it will be better for us all no one is forced to live in spain anyway, 
   it should be all up to contemporary people to decide whether thaey want to live in spain or independent catalonia . 
  they are free to leave spain whenever they want . 
  the have the whole europe open to them but they will not leave taking a piece of spain with them . 
  ** a sovereign country must defend their citizens . 
  for example , those spanish citizens living in catalonia that would find themselves with a different nationality from one day to another ** it is easy as that . 
  if i do n't feel spanish i am free to leave the country , but i ca n't create a country for myself . 
  that is not how the world works . 
  the independentist politicians from basque country already said that they do n't feel spanish , but that it is retarded to talk about an independence nowadays . 
  and trust me , if someone would be legitimate to have their own country are the basques . 
  you can not compare scotland and catalonia . 
  scotland is a country part of an union of countries ( uk ) catalonia has never been a country . 
  the closest that they have been to being a country was when they were part of the crown of aragon , which involved many regions , not only catalonia . 
  yay sun, 
  i envy you here we would not be able to set 5 and 8 as our values , since many peope would be against ( retarded but true ), 
  you seem triggered we just chose catalonia over you , thats why we lost portugal if you think you can defeat a country with 5 times more population and 6,5 times higher gdp , think again and calm yourself dude , all this is just a joke,
