  not that just some americans think that in spain we eat tacos and echiladas , i do n't care about that , it is their problem not mine . 
  only if you knew the difference between spain and the rest of south america , i would hate you way less . 
  and if you stopped changing our race . 
  all the people around europe and even the middle-east is `` white '' according to your census , but a guy from spain is `` hispanic '' srsly , wtf i even saw people arguing if the [ gasol brothers ] ( http://static.sportskeeda.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/marc-gasol-2152553.jpg ) are white or no . 
  you really have to start understanding that a language does n't have anything to do with the race of a person and stop disrespecting other countries and cultures, 
  i can understand ( listening ) some italian and portuguese ( specially from brazil i do n't know why ) . 
  i can read italian , portuguese , french and a bit of romanian . 
  i can not read a lot , but you know , i can get to understand some words and get the point because of the context , specially in portuguese and italian . 
  and i can speak french ( by changing the rs for gs ) , portuguese ( by adding caralho after every sentence ) and italian ( by moving your hands and adding italian things in the sentences , such as mamma or pizza ) :d for a spanish speaker , i would say italian  portuguese  french  romanian anyway , if you want to learn any other romance language is extremely easy . 
  i know romanians speaking a decent fluent spanish after only 6 months here . 
  i am basque myself , and you will not expell me from my own country , spain . 
  if you want to leave , go to google.com/flights and search there . 
  well if you lived here , you would now that in catalonia for example , they are spending money creating fake embassies and at the same time they dont have enough money to pay for medicines . 
  and guess what , who has to pay for those medicines ? 
  yeah exactly , the rest of spain . 
  then , after that , they come and say `` spain is stealing from us '' . 
  you have to understand that people here is extremely tired with all this bullshit . 
  in the basque country ( where i am from btw ) we receive from the central goverment more money that we give , because of an agreement that has been there like forever . 
  which means that the rest of spain is losing money with us . 
  why is that ? 
  cause in the past we had terrorism for the independence of the basque country , so now , you can not touch that `` agreement '' in order to make everything fair for everyone , cause those ghosts of the past are still there . 
  foreigners just see what the newspapers tell them , but you have to live here to understand that this is not that easy . 
  we are so tired of all this bullshit , and i am pretty sure that if the frisians were taking money from the rest of you , and after that they insulted and despised your whole country , you would be in the same position than me , and people would call you `` intolerant '' or `` imperialist '' like they do to me . 
  well , maybe cause the spanish goverment has invested a lot of money in that region ? 
  if you share a flat with other people , when you leave , you do n't take the room with you , do you ? 
  and not only that , what would you do with the 50 % ~ of people that wants to remain in spain ? 
  sudenly they will be in a different country outside the eu ? 
  anyway , i am not going to argue about this . 
  you did n't take our territory away from us it is much different than taking a land that has been always spanish away from spain , do n't you think ? 
  we are a sovereign country for a reason . 
  if they want to leave spain , they have it easy , now ryanair offers many cheap flights and there are no borders in europe . 
  only when the things are going bad . 
  i do n't have to explain who always tries first to desert a sinking ship . 
  anyway any of them is going to happen , so . . edit : do n't forget to downvote, 
  allright relax now little russian , i will just click the ignore button . 
   as lots of baby boomers are spanish inmigrants immigration : [ mass noun ] the action of coming to live permanently in a ** foreign country . 
  feel free to care about your own country instead of mine . 
  oh , you again . 
  spain is not a nation composed of nations , so your whole post does n't make sense . 
  edit : for every downvote , a new imaginary nation will be created , so keep it up , do n't let reality to take away your dreams !, 
  and if removing those s does n't work , we can always try this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2apyn5xvp1m, 
   almost no need to speak a different language , a lot of fun and easy here we think exactly the same about italy . 
  according to popularity , the country is clearly spain far from the second . 
  in the top 10 , 4 out of 10 are spanish destinations [ source ] ( http://blog.esl-languages.com/blog/destinations-worldwide/top-popular-erasmus-destinations-cities/ ) if you are asking about cities , i would stick with madrid or barcelona . 
  do you mean something like [ this ? 
  ] ( http://static3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110909025109/uncyclopedia/images/b/be/fat-mobile.jpg ) no , we do n't, 
  no , of course it is not a native language . 
  and no , they will never want english to be the official language there , i have been living there and they have a huge self-pride for their language , which is normal . 
  actually , most of them will not welcome you if you pretend to live there only speaking in english . 
  they speak english cause they can , and they make the effort to speak it so you can understand them , but people usually think its their obligation somehow , and as far as i know , that annoys them . 
  for example , english-speaking people tend to speak firstly in english , without even asking if you speak it , and they take for granted that you will maket he effort to speak to them in english , but whatever , i think that annoys everyone, 
   the point is that this basque person calls his country a country , and that it 's perfectly understandable why . 
  you even said it yourself by mentioning the original translation from the basque . 
  allright , aparently you know more about my region than myself . 
  no one here says that the basque country or catalonia is a country . 
  some of them claim to be an independent country , but that does n't make them a country . 
  and btw , you said that zeelanders consider themselves dutch , well , there is only 23 % of the basques that want the independence , which means that 77 % of the basques consider themselves spanish . 
  we are a region , much more different than the rest of regions of spain . 
  actually , galicia , asturias , cantabria and basque country , they all share history and culture . 
  and all of them have their own dialect or language . 
  what trigger us is the fact that foreigners think that spain is only andalucia or the south , where is always sunny , people is warm , everything is like a desert , the water is hot , and its always 40\u00ba . 
  so no , in the north is always raining , everything is green , the water is cold as f ** k , and the people too . 
  our region and culture is closer to the netherlands than to the south of spain . 
  that 's the main reason why people do n't feel spanish in a way , cause the term spanish internationally means andalucian , cause all the tourism go there . 
  so , it 's not that people dont consider themselves spanish , the problem is that the people is far from what foreigners think that spanish mean . 
  allright , so zeeland or drenthe are countries , according to you . 
  or let 's say more , any of their municipalities is a country too . 
  or any of their cities/towns ... where is the limit then ? 
  i prefer to stick to the official definitions . 
  and yeah , the basque country is my homeland , with it 's own culture , but that 's not enough to call it `` country '' , it 's a region , with a rich and own history and all that , but still a region . 
  there is nothing bad in calling the things by its name . 
  no , i am not confused . 
  the basque country is called like that because of the literal translation of euskal herria ( country of the basques in euskera ) officially , the [ sociedad de estudios vascos ] ( https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/sociedad_de_estudios_vascos ) ( eusko ikaskuntza ) , refers to the basque country as a `` space or cultural european ** region ** situated in spain and france . 
  anyway , according to cambridge dictionary : country noun : an area of land that has its own government , army , etc. 
  : according to oxford dictionary : 1a nation with its own government , occupying a particular territory . 
  it 's not a country . 
  you can call it `` region '' , which includes the part of france , or `` autonomous community '' , which is only the spanish part . 
  i am from basque country and i love to see foreigners explaining me what my region is . 
  yes , there are differences , but usually the difference is that you can travel visa-free to 1 small country that you wo n't probably ever visit . 
  https://www.passportindex.org/byrank.php as you can see , for example , the only difference between the german and the spanish is rwanda . 
  with the spanish passport you need a visa , not with the german . 
  i would take the german , cause with the polish passport you need to ask for a visa in order to travel to the us ( you know , because of its commie past , and americans do n't like commies so much ), 
  yep , there a lot of international students . 
  it 's part of [ laureate international universities ] ( http://www.laureate.net/ournetwork ) so there are many students from other universities of the same network . 
  yeah , overall i am happy enough . 
  i studied at universidad europea ( the one in madrid , they have one in valencia too i think ) it 's expensive , around 1000 $ per month . 
  the reputation of it is not good at all among people from public universities , but you know , the envy plays a huge role here , cause not everyone can pay those universities , so they talk bullshit in order to detract it . 
  anyway , in the universidad europea , 98 % of the students get a job right after . 
  in other universities that does n't happen , specially in spain . 
  so it can not be as bad as people try to make it . 
  they just train you for the working life , not like the public where you have to study a lot more of theory that you will probably never use . 
  in the classrooms are around 10 people , 20 as maximum , and the professors are always there for any doubt that you can have . 
  ( i had classes of 7 people , so sometimes it fell like a personal education ) since it 's private , if a professor does it bad and students report it , he/she will get fired instantly ( it happened to me , we had a retarded professor one year , we all complained and the next year she was n't there ) . 
  in the public universities the professors have a fixed job , they can not get fired , so they can do whatever they want , ant that 's usually worse for the students . 
  so , its more practical and less theorical , the amount of people in the class is small , and the professors are always there for you if you need it ( ones more than others ) . 
  all this together means that it 's way easier to get the degree , but that does n't mean that that degree count less than one from a public uni . 
  the ones from the publics know more theorical things about the degree , the ones from the privates are ready to work . 
  ( and i prefer to get to work as fast as possible and do it well , cause at the end , you will learn more in 1 year working that in 4 years of university ) usually the public univeristies have more reputation just because they are harder , that 's all . 
  if you have more doubts just ask . 
  i did n't get offended , i did n't say it in a bad way .
