  yes , here is even more important than the october 12th ( our national day ) . 
  traditionally we group at the main square of each town/city and worship our american gods , from texans to new yorkers . 
  later we go to an aldi , mercadona or lidl and we pretend we are in walmart . 
  i do n't know about the term `` western europe '' . 
  sometimes we get called western europe , sometimes we get called southern europe . 
  i mean , we are both , so decide already, 
  nope , only news that give a bad-press to russia , so usually we never receive any good news . 
  it is unfair in my opinion , but what to do , russian politicians do n't help much to change the situation either, 
   we have problems misplacing vowels . 
  what do you maen, 
  streetfood is not a thing here . 
  but in london for example they sell paella as a streetfood if that counts . 
   fast speed trains pendolino agrees, 
  yes , when i was a kid my parents used to send me to camps because they did n't love me and did n't want me around during summer . 
  ( / r/me _ irl )  but there 's not as much open and isolated areas in europe compared to america . 
  i do n't get this part . 
  how much space do you need in the us to make a camp for kids ? 
  anyway , spain is full of open areas . 
  it is known for being an empty country . 
  if you get fired or you quit , not only you wo n't have that income but you will also have to pay for a private insurance . 
  i 've been told that people in the usa are so afraid of losing their jobs mainly because of the insurance . 
   well most people get insurance through their jobs . 
  that makes you a slave, 
  i have thrown a lot of shit on american tourists that come here , but i do n't hate american people at all . 
  but let 's remind that half of your country voted for a guy who has the grammar of a 5yo . 
  that does n't really help . 
  i hate only one thing about you , and it is your retarded ethnicity discrimination . 
  i fail to understand why even tho i am fully white , to the eyes of an average american i belong to the hispanic group ( that you make sure it is separated from the white one ) just because i was born in a spanish-speaking country . 
  not that i care what i am to the eyes of an american , but i find it retarded . 
  i have been in a few ( at least i think they were commieblocks ) and they had a good quality , especially when talking about insulation , unlike in spain . 
  but yeah , outside most of them are ugly and depressing . 
  when i said otherwise ? 
  really , you guys are just waiting any chance to attack , holy shit . 
  i was just stating the obvious . 
  it is your duty to find a deal to help the gibraltarians ( 98 % voted remain ) , not ours . 
  i do n't give a fuck about gibraltar i am just stating the obvious . 
  it 's you the ones who voted for brexit and fucked them up , not us . 
  the uk is on the weak side on this because it has no choice at all . 
  gibraltar simply ca n't exist if the borders between the uk and the eu are closed . 
  most of you defend gibraltar but you have never been there . 
  it has the size of a neighborhood and the life there would be impossible if they have to ask for a visa every time they want to cross to spain . 
  imagine living in your neighborhood and not being able to leave it, 
  he asked about my family 's story , and i answered . 
  i have nothing to do with bosnia . 
  and still there were wealthier countries like germany or sweden , and they did n't go there . 
  they went to the nearest country without caring about how wealthy it was and when the war was over they returned . 
  my cat 's father was a wildcat if that counts . 
  still , 2 million irish people in 2016 ? 
  that 's almost half of your population , it is insane . 
  1 - uk : 17 million 2 - france : 11.3 million 3 - germany : 11.2 million . 
  4 - italy : 4 million 5 - netherlands : 3.4 million 6 - belgium : 2.3 million 7 - usa : 2 million 8 - portugal : 2 million 9 - ireland : 2 million ( what the fuck ) 10 - switzerland : 1.7 million in my area ( in the north , so not a touristic one ) we receive the so called `` quality tourism '' . 
  mostly french , dutch and brits in that order . 
  they blame everything on us , i think it would be pointless and a waste of money . 
  they are helping us with the 2nd reconquista without the use of violence , [ using only ham to expel the muslims ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u85wgr7kpdi ) apart from that they live in their societies beyond the law . 
  literally all my surnames have their location of origin within a radius of 300 km max . 
  it 's pretty common in northern spain . 
  i know 8 surnames , 5 basques , and 3 castillian . 
  but those castillian surnames have their origins very close to the border with the basque country . 
  aparently my ancestors did n't give a fuck about moving . 
  the main references for some politicians are venezuela and cuba ( not kidding ) but for the vast majority denmark is the way to go , and also finland when talking about education . 
  in the north we drink the glorious [ estrella galicia ] ( http://www.abc.es/media/201303/26/estrella-galicia--644x362.jpg ) in the other hand , in the south they drink something called [ `` cruzcampo '' ] ( http://i58.tinypic.com/2e2fbdi.png ) , it looks like a beer, 
  as people told you , i would find another way . 
  let 's be honest , the chances of finding a spanish person learning dutch on steam are extremely low . 
  my recommendation would be facebook . 
  search for a group of spanish expats living close to your city . 
  they are usually called `` espa\u00f1oles en '' + the name of your city . 
  many of them will be willing to make a language exchange on skype or just writting . 
  for example the group of espa\u00f1oles en amsterdam has 12.000 people . 
  plus another 12.000 in other different groups that include latinos also . 
  if you do n't care about the city because you want to practise online , you can join the groups of espa\u00f1oles en holanda , there are many groups with lots of people . 
  i think it is cheaper to move to a cold country during summer than to have the ac working 24 hours . 
  in my case , before going to bed i just put the timer so that it turns off alone in 1-2h . 
  i just need it to fall asleep and because here at 22-23 is still hot as fuck . 
  i also wake up covered in sweat ( especially this days ) but it 's not a big deal and you get used to it . 
  even tho i consider poland as central europe , i said `` eastern europe '' just to make the comparison and i did n't add czech republic in the equation , since they are central europe . 
   they both were ` treated ' quite badly , but there is something what followed : http://www.businessinsider.com/brexit-how-much-eu-funding-member-states-get-per-person-2016-12 i do n't get your point . 
  are you saying that poland is richer than ukraine now because it is part of the eu ? 
  well , in this case he is talking about living standards . 
  poland is the richest country in eastern europe and ukraine is the poorest . 
  people tend to think about poland as a poor country , but it only takes 1 ryanair flight to warsaw to realise that they are far from being poor . 
  it was the most mistreated country during the last world war , and that explains their situation now , but they obviously have the potential and they are showing it . 
  you can not compare russia and ukraine with poland . 
  that 's like comparing spain with switzerland  i would consider ukraine 2nd world not third like latin america latin america is not a country therefore there are some latin american countries with a better economy than ukraine . 
  you ca n't put in the same pack venezuela with chile for example ( which is far from being third world , just like argentina , paraguay , etc ) . 
  also i would like to point out that the main cities in poland ( warsaw , krakow , wroc\u0142aw , gdasnk , katowice , etc ) are way richer than the people tend to think . 
  for example , the gdp of warsaw is 30k $ , which is above the eu average . 
  also since poland was destroyed in wwii , everything is new , from buildings to metro stations . 
  for obvious reasons they took time to catch up , but men when you are in warsaw or katowice you ca n't say if you are in poland or in germany . 
  alabama and florida , mainly because they are a copy of [ the flag of the spanish empire ] ( https://st.gonzoo.es/img/2016/10/21030_967_544.jpg?1477559067 ), 
  glorious [ cacaolat ] ( http://www.cacaolat.es/assets/uploads/2016/09/n2013_a.jpg ) but the [ zero one ] ( http://www.cacaolat.es/assets/uploads/2016/04/zero-litro.png ), 
  that 's exactly what the op is talking about . 
  with who you are comparing all those things ? 
  salaries are low compared to germany , and extremely high compared to ukraine . 
  we have the same percentage of immigrants than germany or sweden , i mean , if people choose to make a life in spain , we can not be that bad , can we ? 
  it all depends on the point of view i have been living all around europe , and i can assure you , spain is not that bad . 
  the crisis and the boomers do n't really help us , the youngsters , but still it is a good country . 
  we have that many different landscapes , that it is impossible to choose one . 
  from green mountains that look like ireland , to desert areas or caribbean-like beaches . 
  i would stick with italy only . 
  barcelona is too beautiful , but i think the combination of venice + florence is better also you will save some money cause of the flight and because barcelona is expensive as f *** , especially in summer .
