  so you can not compare spain with the case of germany for example , where the fascists got democratically elected . 
  you have the same advantages than an european citizen would have if he wanted to go to the usa, 
  well , i thought about nadal at first , but i googled it to be sure and according to twitter , iniesta is ahead of him in followers . 
  so i guess iniesta is more popular . 
  how it sounds like : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kp7e9bk6_ok how it is portrayed in us media : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvuusxwjeds, 
  rojigualda from rojo ( red ) and [ gualda ( a yellow flower ) ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/6/5147/5653839292_be34903e5a_b.jpg ), 
  finish it after the siesta , no need to rush, 
   it 's latinos who push the word , not white people . 
  you are basically proving my point . 
  latinos = latinamerican , and you just made a distinction between latinos and white people . 
  does that mean that it is incompatible to be from a latinamerican country and being white ? 
  the term per se does n't really matter , what matters is the way you americans use it . 
  as i said before , white is a color , not a nationality . 
  you can distinguish between white , browns and blacks , not between whites and a nationality , cause that makes no sense . 
  latinamerican , not `` latino '' latinamerican is used worldwide , `` latino '' only in the usa, 
  i know but , as i said , a white hispanic will be hispanic first , then white a white hispanic wo n't be included in the white group , so it is a way to segregate people using their nationality, 
  but they have to check the hispanic option , which automatically separates them from the whites , even if they are white hispanics . 
  we have to struggle with the same bullshit , since we belong to the hispanic group . 
  that blond guy from the video is n't in the white group while a lebanese is . 
  that does n't make sense at all and by this i am not saying that lebanese people are n't white , i am sure many of them are , i am saying that white is a color , not a nationality, 
  i found it sad after i saw this video https://youtu.be/s4odt_7zk6c it just makes me angry to see how one single country can make some mexicans feel embarrassed of themselves if someone should be embarassed that would be the american people with that discrimination towards other people and that retarded race system that they use to segregate . 
  a guy from egypt or lebanon is white in the american census , a guy from mexico or argentina is not white , it does n't matter how he looks like . 
  it is just retarded . 
  `` latinos '' is a made up term created by americans , and a retarded one in my opinion . 
  what have in common cuba and chile for example apart from the language ? 
  i can give you my impressions about cubans specifically if you wish as we say here , cuba was the crown jewelry of the spanish empire and because of that people have a high esteem towards the country . 
  it is very common to find someone here who has visited cuba , unlike other latinamerican countries . 
  where i live there are many cubans , more than any other nationality , i do n't know why . 
  they usually are relaxed people that just enjoy life , like most of people from caribbean countries i guess . 
  cuba was extremely rich in the past , spaniards used to choose cuba and venezuela to migrate back in the days . 
  people who went there to work made an incredible amount of money , the so-called `` indianos '' . 
  now the bad part , always from my point of view and my opinion . 
  after cuba lost all its richness , you see many cubans here still defending castro and the communism , even when they are in a `` capitalist '' country earning 60 times more money than in cuba . 
  that really hurts and annoys me at the same time . 
  if i went to germany to work , the last thing i would say is that the spanish political system is better than the german one you can see the brainwashing after many years of dictatorship , and even when they have the truth in front of their faces , they still do n't see it . 
  ( i am generalising cause it is what i see everyday , that does n't mean that all cubans are like this ) that said , people here like cubans . 
  they usually do n't cause troubles at all unlike other latinamerican nationals , and i guess that that peace is enough to earn the spanish sympathy, 
  in mercadona they sell [ this ] ( https://summerfruitcup.files.wordpress.com/2014/06/dry-gin-sheriton-final.jpg ) gin for 3-4 $ it is a cheap way of killing yourself, 
  once , a spanish writer was asked by a mexican if he had regrets for being a spaniard and therefore a genocidal . 
  `` your ancestors came to our land , raped our women and destroyed our civilisation '' the mexican said the writer asked him what was his surname , `` sanchez '' he answered the spaniard said `` any of my ancestors ever came to south america , the ones who did were yours , mr sanchez '' `` if you want to call someone genocidal , do it to your great great grandfather , that guy called sanchez that came here , but definitely not me , since i am the first one of my ancestors that ever put a foot in mexico '', 
  there are many south americans here in spain , and you would n't believe how racist some of them are towards south americans with darker skin , even from the same country, 
  first , there is nothing to rebut , cause the guy played the `` victim '' role that you guys like that much , and he did n't give any solid argument . 
  second , i value my time , so do n't even think that i will spend a second of it talking to a brainwashed person who his only concern in life is the independence of catalonia , as shown by his comments, 
  it combines both, 
  because i already explained it and you keep asking , so it looks like you only want one concrete answer , refusing the others . 
  this is what will happen : they will make the referendum just like they did back in 2014 , threatening those who refused to open the schools to allow the ilegal vote , and then , like in 2014 , nothing will happen , cause they will fail again ( the participation in 2014 was 37 % ) . 
  if they start separating from spain , the government will trigger the art 155 of our constitution . 
  this would be the last resource tho , and i do n't think they will make it this far . 
  forget about the nuclear option cause it has nothing to do with this . 
  after all that , they will call for another referendum , this time the real one , in 2020 , so the independentist politicians can keep stealing a bit longer, 
  i am getting paid ? 
  interesting , ** looking at your other comments , i ca n't find a single one not talking about catalonia or the independence . 
  ** and i invite everyone to look at this guy 's other comments to see what i am talking about , and what we have to deal with but you are doing well , i am sure you will manage to trick many people , i have to give you that at least, 
  you do n't seem to understand the police/army of a country are there to protect its citizens and the constitution do n't even think for a second that spain will abandon all those catalans that feel spanish . 
  you can not be born in spain and in a few years realize that you are not spanish anymore , that 's not how things work again , it is extremely easy to understand . 
  i understand those people that do n't want to follow the law and do n't want to live in spain , and our doors are opened to everyone that has the desire to leave . 
  but you can not leave the house and take a room with you, 
   will the catalan government declare independence , after a succesful referendum , unilaterally ? 
  they wo n't cause it would be ilegal , since they would break the art 1 of the spanish constitution i do n't know why something as simple as that is hard to understand if they keep playing with the spanish constitution , the central government will be forced to trigger art 155 , and catalonia will be controlled from madrid , which would make things quite worse that said , you will never hear an independentist politician talking about reducing the unemployment , or about the wellfare of the catalan people , all they care about is the independence , so they can keep stealing . 
  in the meantime catalonia is the region of spain with the highest debt , they ca n't even pay for medicines , and their debt according to s&p is at the same level than kenia or ruanda [ 1 ] ( http://www.elmundo.es/economia/2016/03/18/56ec3b96e2704edc388b4614.html ) , only spain buys their debt , and they use that spanish money to keep washing minds with the independence, 
  basically we were killing moors and deporting jews, 
  do n't laugh at danes , it must be hard for them to be able to understand each other while making vomit sounds, 
  your country for example op, 
  it 's hard and tedious to read for a grown person because of its boredom , i ca n't imagine a 16 yo kid reading that , especially in summer, 
  / r/aww here, 
  why do you insult yourself in your nickname ? 
  [ spanish golden age ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_golden_age ) after we discovered the `` new world '' we were the best in almost everything ( painting , architecture , literature ) . 
  and not to mention the [ spanish empire ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a2/spanish_empire.png ) in its maximum expansion . 
  some cities/states in the usa still use the spanish empire 's flag nowadays, 
  here yes , but only because we have the same percentages of immigration than the uk or sweden , and with 18,6 % of unemployment . 
  if we had low unemployment just like other european countries , it would n't be a problem at all . 
  that said , our immigrants are different than in other european countries , since the vast majority comes from south america and its not hard for them to integrate, 
  i heard that the irish are the most friendly and welcoming people in europe . 
  i 've never been there unluckily , but i heard that many times from different people . 
   just like i said , neither do poor citizens . 
  it 's not about taking care of everybody in the world , it 's about taking care of everybody in your country/area . 
  so imagine that tomorrow in germany there are 3 million of illegal immigrants like happens in the us , who would pay for that ? 
  i mean , ofc i would like to take care of everyone , but it is impossible . 
  and btw , poor citizens do pay taxes . 
  they obviously pay less , cause thats how a country works , you pay what you can , but they still pay some . 
  hmm , cause an illegal immigrant is not paying taxes ? 
  and without taxes , who is going to fund that healthcare system ? 
  all what you said is so beautiful , unluckily for all of us , those treatments are not for free , and if you take care of everybody , at some point you will not have healthcare for anyone, 
  so the way to fix that is not by taking all our infraestructures and land and create a new country . 
  if they created a new country called catalonia somewhere else , i would fully support them . 
  btw , if a country can not hold their people into living cause they rather choose for the suicide , there is problably something extremely wrong with your country then . 
  i can play that game too , see ? 
  yeah but with control you can not provide free healthcare to all the illegal immigrants like we do , cause you will end up destroying the system, 
   catalonia also has disputes regarding cultural treatment and representation  catalan politics regain more order than they have now . 
  catalonia has way more rights than other autonomous communities in spain , and you say that it 's me the one that is biased ? 
  seriously , if you do n't know what the problem is about , just do n't join a conversation . 
  again , you tried to speak catalan and you did n't know anything about it , so therefore you failed and wrote it wrong, 
  the country is not holding anyone , they all are free to leave . 
  but not with our territories and infraestructures that we all paid . 
  and they basically want to leave because of the economy , but whatever , is like talking with a wall, 
   furthermore , from what i 've read , catalonia also has disputes regarding cultural treatment and representation ( something i 've also heard for basque country and even galicia ) . 
  allright , enough , you are too much biased . 
  i thought i was talking with a neutral person . 
  aparently i was wrong . 
  this conversation is over i guess .
