  the same than trump , ukip , or afd -------------------------------------------- this is from their program : http://s.libertaddigital.com/2015/12/14/pre-po01.jpg green : gdp according to the international monetary fund purple : gdp according to podemos if they rule only a fool would believe such things, 
  because they are , at least in this case here and in greece , the populists are far-left , so it 's not only a right wing thing, 
  wtf ? 
  who said the opposite, 
  europe ? 
  only one country is changing the rest of europe is still welcoming with their european neighbours . 
  it 's not about nationalism or self-pride . 
  the us is better than europe in many things , but talking about infrastructures ... you ca n't even compete , let 's be fair . 
  if you think that the us has better roads that countries like germany , portugal or switzerland , means that your patriotism does n't let you see the reality . 
  yeah , it 's only hate . 
  everyone knows that the us has better infrastructures such as roads , trains , public transport , etc than europe . 
  in europe in the other hand , instead of protecting the citizens and giving them a good quality of life , we prefer to waste our resources investing in retarded armies . 
  damn us, 
  that 's true according to my experience . 
  i do n't know why ( maybe the currency has something to do with it ) but i found the uk to be way more expensive than denmark or germany . 
  in every ranking the us is not even in the top 10 and in every ranking portugal is in the # 1 or # 2 , here its # 15 . 
  if you think that the us has better roads than germany , switzerland , portugal or spain , you are so wrong . 
  almost any country in europe ( at least in the west ) has better roads . 
  the roads in europe are way better than in the us . 
  according to this , the us has better roads than germany , austria , switzerland , spain or portugal . 
  and according to most of rankings , portugal is # 1 or # 2 , here is # 15 . 
  the same with the others , that usually are in the top 10 . 
  the us barely appears in the top 10 in any ranking . 
  united states in the 3rd place , i do n't think that 's accurate lol, 
  i thought these cases were perpetrated by isolated bigots , i see now that i was wrong . 
  i guess that for you theses cases are well deserved , according to your retarded answer, 
  the land is spanish , the territory , and half of the population feel and want to remain spanish , and we will protect that with everything we got . 
  you can keep crying as much as you want . 
  if they want to create a new country called catalonia , is fine , but not in the spanish territory where the spanish goverment invested thousands of million . 
  if i go to your house and i say that this is my homeland , will you leave and let me live there ? 
  no right ? 
  again , dont bother answering , cause you are disrespecting 3 million of catalans that feel spanish and want to remain spanish . 
  some of them may feel hurt after reading your shits . 
  but yeah , you dont care about that at all , as long as you can keep defending the `` ilegal '' democracy that you are claiming . 
  anyway , do n't bother answering , its obvious that you are a russian that wants to make up a fake identity and create a fake country . 
  it must be sad to dont have an identity at all . 
  serious are you retarded ? 
  its a homeland of spaniards that claim catalonia as part of spain too . 
  lets forget about those right ? 
  they are a second level citizens . 
  catalonia is a region of spain , and before it was part of the kingdom of aragon . 
  simple eh ? 
  try to give me some reliable source proving that catalonia is or has been a country . 
  or its better if you do n't even try , cause you will not find anything . 
  edit : i love when foreigners argue with me about my own country . 
  narnia can be a country too . 
  but only in the imagination of a few . 
  what about ibiza ? 
  so catalans are different than the rest of spaniards ? 
  cause , according to wikipedia , even my region of 500k population has its own ethnic group . 
  following that thinking , there is no such thing as `` spanish '' or `` spaniard '' right ? 
  haha holy shit you are the only one talking about violence thanks to you many people in this subreddit will see the kind of retardeds that we have to deal with . 
  so you are stating your desire for a violent revolution . 
  maybe you would like to kill some spaniards right ? 
  concentration camps for those who vote no in a referendum ? 
  or even better , let 's put a mark in their doors so everybody knows who is a traitor to catalonia . 
  ( oh wait , this one is already happening ), 
  lol you would like it right ? 
  to be a martyr for your cause ? 
  maybe you would even die for those politicians that steal right in your face . 
  whatever , no war is going to happen , we have laws for that . 
  not your lucky day . 
  we have to defend our ( and your ) constitution , just like every sovereign state . 
  scotland is a country . 
  catalonia is just a region . 
  deal with it . 
   if a town forms a separate ethnic group catalans are not a different ethnic group lol  the 3 million are able to change the constitutional order for their region , definitely not for entire spain . 
  that 's what the right of self-determination is all about . 
  catalonia is a part of spain now , and it has always been . 
  so they need to change the spanish constitution in order to get the independence . 
   how the hell do you think new countries ever came to be ? 
  how do you think estonia got its independence in 1918 ? 
  dont get offended , but i do n't care at all about estonia . 
  i know what are the rules in spain , and i know that spain is a sovereign state , which means that they have the control of their territory , including catalonia . 
  any attemp to change that has its consecuences . 
  i know it , we know it and the separatists know it ( thats why they dont try to make an ilegal referendum ) . 
  no one is going to take our territory away . 
  the only way is by defeating us in a war , which , obviously , is not going to happen . 
  and you can apply that to any country in the world . 
  `` peoples '' so a town , can they have the independence ? 
  what is the limit ? 
  are you going to tell us ? 
  only regions that have been countries in the past have the right to decide . 
  such as the members of uk . 
  anyway , the spanish constitution is very clear , 2nd point : the constitution is based on the indissoluble unity of the spanish nation , the common and indivisible homeland of all spaniards ; it recognises and guarantees the right to selfgovernment of the nationalities and regions of which it is composed and the solidarity among them all . 
  now come and tell me that its democratic that around 3 million people ( independentists ) are able to change the constitution of 47 million . 
  imperialistic lol   so ? 
  the right of self determination does not have such a precondition . 
  allright , so i want my house to being an independent country . 
  since i am living alone here , you can say that 100 % of the population wants it . 
  if you say no you are an antidemocratic imperialist . 
  how about that following your retarded thinking ? 
  you can keep saying that as much as you want . 
  catalonia is a spanish territory , and it will be for many years . 
  those who do n't feel spanish are free to leave , no one is stopping them , but we wo n't let them take our land with them . 
  easy as that . 
  it 's like getting a divorce but keeping a room in the house , retarded right ? 
  many of you do n't realize that catalonia has never been a country , and you compare it wrongly with scotland, 
  because all the members of the eu have to agree in order to get in . 
  if spain says no , they wo n't who do you think the rest of eu countries will support ?
