   i 'm just sorry to inform you that you 're bragging about a failure . 
  first , i did n't come here to brag about anything , i was just surprised that only 2 countries were in the top10 . 
  i do n't need this fucking ranking , since in every ranking spain is in the top5 easily . 
  and secondly , you called my country a `` failure '' , well , my country this year surpassed yours in gdp per capita . 
  while my country is growing 3 % every year , your country reached its ceiling , so if my country is a `` failure '' , think a bit about what yours is . 
  i do n't know , you said that i came here to brag about my country , only for showing a ranking maybe you got a bit upset cause this ranking places spain over italy . 
   you came here to brag about your country only to learn its hc is actually worsening . 
  sorry about that you seem to be really mad , i do n't know why tho, 
  one uses its resources better in order to prolong the life expectancy of its people . 
  for example with better personnel , earning the same than others , but being more efficient . 
   oh please . 
  are we going to pretend that bloomberg is some objective non-biased and non-partisan entity , now ? 
  again , i do n't give a fuck about bloomberg at all , this is not made by them , they just applied a methodology that you can agree or disagree with . 
  all the sources that they used are there . 
  you can disagree with the methodology , but not with the sources . 
  i do n't think so , cause if you take in count people unemployeed , greece and spain would n't be in the top , not even close . 
  i guess it is the average of full time employees . 
  in the bottom you have the methodology used to make this list if you do n't agree with that methodology that they are using , its fine , but here the source does n't matter , they did n't made up the list , they made it taking data from different sources . 
  it is not bloomberg 's opinion, 
  older countries do worse ? 
  this score is based 60 % in the life expectancy , 30 % relative expenditure , and 10 % absolute expenditure ** life expectancy : ** japan : 83.7 top1 singapore : 83.1 top3 spain : 82.8 top4 check where those 3 countries are in this list . 
  if you are one of the countries with higher life expectancy , means that you health care system is working better than the others . 
   basically , they do n't work much . 
  hmm , well ... [ average weekly working hours in the eu ] ( https://assets.weforum.org/editor/fcjqzuajerqucp5ctfz8whdak0dm8pbukepy6lji_ok.jpg ) the stereotypes stronk, 
  not worse , just less efficient . 
  flying the flag of a terrorist group that is killing people around europe and the middle-east is not just `` something that you do n't like '' . 
  it 's supporting a terrorist group and celebrating those deaths in germany almost everything referencing hitler will send you to jail or to pay a fee and i do n't see germany as a banana republic, 
   angelika was ordered to complete 160 hours of unpaid work and will pay # 375 in compensation , split between jade ellis and alexander chambers . 
   aleksandra will complete 125 hours of unpaid word and will pay # 250 in compensation to jade ellis . 
  # 375 and # 250 yeah , i am sure it was a `` savage racist attack '' and not a normal night fight . 
  if it was `` savage '' and `` brutal '' , the fees would be 10 times higher . 
  this is meant to be a serious subreddit , try to behave accordingly and write in english for retarded comments you have twitter , there people will agree with you, 
  it is funny that you are saying that , since italy or spain have more gdp than switzerland , and italy has more gdp than russia , and to be `` relevant '' in a global scale , is the total gdp what counts . 
  maybe you dont take them seriously , and you think everybody has the same level of ignorance edit : wait , i just found out that u are a farage voter , then i must say i 'm sorry for what i said , i should not talk to a retarded person in that way . 
  ok til that spain is the 2nd biggest country in the eu after france i always thought germany was bigger, 
  you know , i didnt know any of them , so i am just talking according of what i watched on the video , so i can be wrong , that 's why i asked in the first place if that 's normal, 
  i prefer agressive hosts when we are talking about interviewing politicians , but he should be at least more neutral and educated . 
  you can be both and still being agressive and make the politician sweat . 
  here in english : http://elpais.com/elpais/2016/10/13/inenglish/1476357600_507245.html he knew the consecuences of going against our constitution , now he should face those consecuences . 
  are the hosts usually that much bad-mannered in britain ? 
  http://i.imgur.com/uxb8aqt.png not even close to the pound . 
  we speak colombian , not venezuelan u ignorant, 
  mexico is so grande, 
  i agree all the eyes are on russia and the us are far worse, 
  0 points ( 29 % upvoted ) they are trying hard, 
  no , i am not offended for anything that you said . 
  but i have to listen every year the same things , and you know , one gets tired . 
  was it benelovent if you see it in 2016 ? 
  ofc it wasnt . 
  but it was benelovent for that age . 
  just look at your neighbours in the us , they just killed all of them , the same in canada . 
  so compared to the english and the french , we can say that it was benelovent . 
  not me or any of my ancestors went to america , so i get pissed when i hear `` you stole our gold and raped our woman '' . 
  wtf , if i was born in spain means that any of my ancestors went to america , how am i guilty of that . 
  but again , it is not something that you said , it is just that every 12 of october we have to listen the same lies . 
  ya en 1530 , con el reinado de carlos i , la esclavitud de los indios fue prohibida oficialmente , aunque algunos la practicaron de forma ilegal so why are we getting harassed for all this ? 
  it 's like if you mexicans get harrased for the drugs traffic ( and murders coming from drugs ) in the us . 
  would that be fair ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  so this is the same . 
  some people did ilegal things to enrich themselves , that 's it . 
  it is not our fault . 
  isolated case . 
  i will not answer for only one person . 
  google leyes de burgos and educate yourself . 
  the native americans were n't slaves . 
  is it hard to understand that if that happens because the pound is cheap , you are just getting the same money ? 
  if you cut an apple in 2 pieces , you are not getting 2 apples . 
  you are welcome, 
  do you think this is a good new for the uk ? 
  damn now i understand the brexit results, 
  nah , you think you know , but you will find out very soon . 
  that 's what `` fool '' means, 
  scandinavian languages are a big deal aswell , but i do n't think there is any language compared to english in that matter, 
  okay , in exchange we will teach your women how to shave their moustaches , deal ? 
  you are the only one talking about asylum-seekers here , 
  europe please , wake up , we have this kind of news every other day . 
  this has to end , and fast . 
  the taxi lobby is a mafia here . 
  they even destroyed some uber cars , when uber was legal back in 2014 . 
  they are fighting hard cause they know that no one will use their services if a competitor comes in . 
  30 $ ( fixed price ) from the airport to the centrum of madrid . 
  for 30 $ you can take a plane to the other part of europe . 
  its just retarded . 
  those extremists feel backed by some politicians now , i am not surprised to see that they attack everything they hate . 
  what 's the source ? 
  the fact that he called it `` paella '' is enough to trigger us . 
  aparently it is not clear yet, 
  attack ? 
  no , the whole europe will defend . 
  it is not the same . 
  if there is no people in gibraltar , it will be spanish , you can be sure of that . 
  if it is not spanish yet , it is because everybody has to respect the opinion of the gibraltarians . 
  do n't think you can achieve anything using the force , the days of the british empire are so over , you cant use the force against the whole europe, 
  oh i see so basically you claim that gibraltar is yours according the utrecht treaty . 
  but in the utrecth treaty , it is said that you only own the waters of the harbour . 
  so basically you want to take only the good things of everything . 
  you are still pirates arent you, 
  how do you plan to do it ? 
  by taking our waters ?
