  spain or catalonia ? 
  let 's not talk those countries with independentist regions , they will vote no right away . 
  the independentists kidnapped the catalan national day . 
  that does n't mean that all of the people there is pro-independence . 
  in fact there is many people there with the non-independentist flag of catalonia . 
  but with the `` period '' in the end you showed the typical independentist thinking . 
  `` everything is as i say , period , no discussion '' do n't bother answering . 
  in the impossible case of an independence , they wo n't be able to get into the eu, 
  that 's not a rally in support of the independence . 
  that 's the celebration of [ the day of catalonia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_day_of_catalonia ) , where independentists and non-independentists are there celebrating the day of their region . 
  the problem is that many people used it to spread their political ideas , as always . 
  `` america '' means the continent , named after amerigo vespucci ( americo in spanish ) that said , you do n't share culture with the us , not even a bit . 
  you share more culture with the netherlands , germany or france , than with the us . 
  but , if you keep thinking that it 's normal to have a relationship with a person in the other part of the world , in a country where you ca n't even stay , okay , as you wish , you are free to think what you want . 
  it 's sad to see how such a big and wonderful country is fighting to be in the shadow of the us . 
  how an empire became a colony . 
  keep the downvotes btw, 
  because the budget for the whole 2016 was approved on 2015 . 
  now the budget for 2017 is not ready , and who knows what may happen . 
   if there is no time to have a new budget ready by january 1 , 2017 , the 2016 budget would remain in force . 
  this means that no new measures could be approved , and no new tenders made . 
  regional and local governments would also have less money to work with . 
  first of all , america is a continent , not a country , so you do n't have a common language with the `` americans '' secondly , i am not talking about how many british citizens live in the united states ( yeah , not america like you said ) , i am talking about a relationship between people living in different countries . 
  in that case , is way more likely to happen between uk and germany rather than between uk and the us, 
  yeah , i am sure it is more common to have a girlfriend from the us for example than from germany that is 2h away . 
  i do n't know why i even try , it is obvious that you dont give a fuck about half of your country . 
  exactly if someone is telling you when you need to leave the country ... that 's not freedom for me . 
  yeah , i can travel to the us too , but hey , only for 3 months , and better pray to do n't come back 1 day later or they may ban you forever . 
  is that freedom to you ? 
  you are not free to travel to the us as much as you want , the same that you wo n't be free to travel around europe if brexit finally happens . 
  if you are a brexiter yourself , i do n't expect you to care at all about the 16m people that voted stay , but ... 
  imagine a british guy with a german girlfriend . 
  what can he do after brexit ? 
  asking for a visa everytime they want to see each other ? 
  is that guy `` pathetic '' as you described for getting an eu passport ? 
  did you think for a moment that many people can not live without the freedom of traveling around europe ? 
  that many people can not live in an island without the freedom to leave ? 
  no , ofc you did n't , they are `` pathetic '' according to your selfish eyes . 
  hmm , yeah , well ... fuck you, 
  will you give us some of your freedom if we dont play by your rules ? 
  europe had a lost decade and still the life quality is 100 times better than in your beloved united states . 
  maybe start worrying about your own shit ? 
  come on , do n't be racist yourself i have never met more hardworking people than the chinese , it 's insane . 
  i wish than all the immigrants were like them . 
  there is only 5 % of the chinese population here that is unemployed , against the 50 % of other nationalities . 
  so what if i go ? 
  would i be welcomed ? 
  brexit did n't happen yet actually it did n't even start, 
  if you are surprised , you should visit madrid or barcelona . 
  spain 14th maybe one day you all will understand why we have 20 % of unemployment . 
  we can not handle that many people, 
  :d i know i know , but i love the `` normal '' scottish accent, 
  switzerland , germany , austria or norway for the landscape ireland or scotland for the language . 
  iceland for the yolo, 
  it 's hard to follow a sport when the matches are at 3:00 am anyway , i started liking it after watching friday night lights , but as i said , i do n't follow it . 
  so i like it as a sport , but i dont care about it . 
  yeah , cause any empire used slaves . 
  it is normal when the currency falls, 
  you guys should make a new country together . 
  but you would have to invade slovakia since it is in the middle :(, 
  show some respect for the country that discovered yours . 
  stop saying bullshit against swedish people , this happens everywhere , from adidas ( german ) to inditex ( spanish ), 
  men , that hurts :(, 
  i consider myself right-wing , but for me all this discussion about same-sex marriage is retarded . 
  i mean , do they hurt anyone by getting married ? 
  does that have an impact in your life or something ? 
  i can not understand why in some countries is still illegal, 
  i am not a cowboy, 
  i am not mexican, 
  impossible with all the bulls running in the street and people singing flamenco , i will try later . 
  did you call me ? 
  i dont know men , i have been many times there and i am still afraid of the taxi drivers, 
  you know , spain is more than just a beach . 
  the tourism is raising in the whole spain , including the north . 
  i dont think that those who were looking for beaches and sun would go to the north of spain . 
  edit : actually in asturias ( in the north ) they had an increase of 10 % . 
  wtf here on august 15th we celebrate the assumption of mary into the heaven , it is every 15th of august and when i say `` here '' i mean the whole europe , cause i think that most of countries celebrate the same, 
  denmark i was walking and many times people stopped me just to wish me a good day , or to help me with something . 
  and always with a huge smile . 
  specially old people , and they did it in english , which is a plus for the effort . 
  ofc i found retards too , just like everywhere else , but my experience there was very very positive . 
  i have to say that it was n't in copenhagen , i guess in big cities is quite different, 
  yeah , here it is noticeable . 
  we are breaking all records this year in terms of tourism, 
  you are lucky , trust me, 
  i am not surprised . 
  we all know that the are certain zones controlled by a group of people ( i am not able to be more specific about this in this subreddit , i do n't wan na get banned , sorry ) where you can get easily in trouble if you are not one of them . 
  we are not allowed to say our personal thoughts in europe , sorry, 
  if you play clever you will find out that this is not a single player game . 
  how is that ? 
  isnt the minimum wage the same for everyone ? 
  are not the conditions the same for everyone ? 
  polish workers are better than us . 
  what to do ? 
  ( choose one ) 1 . 
  work harder 2 . 
  cry, 
  oh shit , we have a tumor and no one told us before, 
  you didnt , we are still waiting, 
  it is easier to grow up in poland than in spain , specially if you are young .
