  i preferred the groceries in france by far , i imagine it 's similar in italy . 
  i dont see whats wrong with that , they are from asia after all . 
  just as you can say africans , south americans , europeans etc to describe people from those continents . 
  it would be tiring to say `` brittons of pakistani , indian , bangladeshi , and sri lankan descent '' all the time . 
  we can understand if an individual does a crime of passion . 
  a thief kills your son , you are so heartbroken when you catch him with your car you run him over . 
  however governments are held to a higher standard and rightly so . 
  if a government catches a criminal , they give him a fair trial first before inflicting punishment . 
  that 's why we form governments to not stay in primitive societies where people act on their instincts and desires . 
  government is supposed to think of the well being in the long term of the whole society , individual tends to look more on his own welfare and more in the short term . 
  we do n't and should n't hold the judgements of individuals equal to that of states . 
  romania has great internet !, 
  now let 's collectively comment on what a great country it is !, 
  nice post, 
   wine ha !, 
  why is rooster the symbol of france ? 
  because it 's the only animal that sings proudly while standing in its own shit . 
  nah , southern france is probably closer to italy . 
  what 's your stereotypes on french people ? 
  it happened not that long ago in paris suburbs . 
  a very rich saudis car intercepted by a super organized gang ( police think eastern european ) and his valuables stolen . 
  you 're right it 's not that common . 
  but in marseille there is a phenomenon of so many gangs . 
  getting big outrageous weapons give you a stronger image and `` street cred '' or whatever . 
  for example ak47 is not adapted to urban gang war , yet it 's the weapon of choice for these guys , it 's more image than utility . 
  and getting such weapons is a lot of money in the black market even if you do n't count on using it . 
  - info from watching too many documentaries . 
  to be fair what i described is mainly accessible to the upper middle class , as you can imagine most of the population is not rich even though the middle class could be surprisingly big to people who do n't know africa . 
  canal plus on tv and orange phone is accessible tonal though . 
  if i 'm not mistaking marseille is the city with highest gang himicide in europe . 
  there is quite a local strong mafia , it 's like corsica or naples or sardinia in italy . 
  it 's not as simple as the previous poster says . 
  today france allows a vote in new caledonia but not that long ago in the 80s there were turbulent events there with local independentists pushing for independence by kidnapping authorities , france going in with the army and not being soft handed . 
  this is also where france used to do nuclear tests . 
  mayotte also has its controversy , it 's an island of comoros , a former french colony . 
  mayotte voted to stay with france . . 
  but under un rules this is illegal . 
  one part of a country ca n't vote to leave , the whole country has to vote . 
  it 's similar to russia with crimea yet there is much less outcry . 
  i 'm half french and half from a former french colony so i can see the issue from both sides . 
  in general i think today france does a decent job with former colonies , were better with france than without . 
  something like boko haram in nigeria could not develop in a former french colony with france not intervening ages ago . 
  however historically there have been several controversial incidents , and there continues to be so . 
  france has n't completed its job in recognition imo . 
  half french / half african , i confirm . 
  in ivory coast people watch canal plus ( afrique ) on tv , grocery shopping at carrefour with prices in euros as well , eat out at hippopotamus or paul , get their gas from total , telephone provider is orange . . 
  it 's like a mini france . 
  i 've lived in english speaking nigeria and it 's completely different . 
  satellite tv is south african , phone companies are nigerian or south african aswell . 
  big malls are south african . 
  it 's much more free market with even probably a bigger south africa and us influence than the uk . 
  the biggest uk influence seems to be all the `` clubs '' ( boat , horses , swimming etc ) . 
  mainland france subsidize its oversees territories . 
  they 're still poorer than the mainland though , and prices are very expensive as there is much less competion and most things are shipped from the mainland . 
  from your article  though tunisia is in many senses the most advanced and secular of arab states -- and the only country to have come through the revolutions of 2011 relatively unscathed -- that is only half the story . 
  since arab spring there have been new problems ofcourse , but in general north africa is more secular than other arab regions . 
  north africa isnt that extremist . 
  less extremist than middle east or pakistan for example . 
  tunisia is probably the most secular arab country . 
  algeria is a bit more conservative but its not saudi arabia or qatar . 
  i think people find it hypocritic because religion is sacred in most cultures . 
  do you think it should be illegal to make fun of jesus ? 
  what about karl marx ? 
  these are ideas . 
  and its different to targetin people or calling for violence against them . 
  `` apology to terrorism '' is a new law , its illegal to glorify terrorists or their actions . 
  glorifying salafism is not illegal though ( even though you probably will get some cops wire tapping your internet and phone . . ), 
  im not giving my opinion , in french law the concept of blasphemy is not recognized . 
  there were controversial plays in france where feces was smeared on jesus christ and it was 100 % legal despite protests of catholic organizations . 
  religion is seen as ideas , not sacred . 
  you cant be punished for insulting ideas , for insulting people or inciting violence yes . 
  again thats the law , not my opinion . 
  i see what you mean . 
  the problem is that blasphemy is not rexognized by french law . 
  making fun of muslims can be illegal but making fun of gods/prophets is n't . 
  christianity is the religion that has the most jokes about it in france . 
  i think that 's an issue with laicite . 
  it is maybe outdated today . 
  when the law of 1905 came into effect it was in large part to be supportive of the protestants . 
  at home everyone does the religion they want , outside we are all french . 
  protestants and jews were actually very supportive of laicite , in contrary to the catholic church . 
  however clearly it 's not supported by modern muslims who tend to have a more public display of their religion . 
  france is trying to preserve the french language ? 
  what 's the problem with that ? 
  and how does it backfire ? 
  most likely things would be much worse if france did n't try with african counties using their local languages or english for example . 
  how the fuck does that make friction in the spread of culture !? 
  many tenses are exceptions so you say the french culture should die out ? 
  you see how stupid this sounds ? 
  you hardly ever see it on this subreddit in comparison to the french tho, 
  im serious though . 
  these are some of the stupidest things ive ever read  but the faux intellectual french can go and fornicate themselves  any culture arrogant enough to cling to their ridiculous symbol-sound pairing system , and forcing it everywhere , should just die out  they just do it out of spite , it 's obvious . 
  and its hard to sense tone from typing . 
  which means naked in french, 
  let me guess , you 're an expert who has read numerous of their newspapers right ? 
  its definitely not just jokes , have you ever read a full newspaper ? 
  you should read it . 
  dont want to be that guy but i think many people dont get the humour , as in not at all . 
  their articles are very well though out and point out to good issues . 
  cant tell if brilliant satire or just retarded .
