  france also , they were the second imperial nation behind great britain . 
  tough question . 
  i guess quebec ? 
  only thing is that there arent that many interactions between both , only cultural ( singers , actors , and films ) then theres north africa ( algeria , morocco , tunisia ) . 
  huge interaction with france in business and especially huge arab community living in france . 
  french like going to morocco for vacation , but apart from that its not the best relationship especially with algeria . 
  then sub saharan africa ( senegal , ivory coast , congo , mali , comoros etc etc etc ) france owns a lot of business there and interferes in the politics . 
  senegal is still a popular tourist destination , cote divoire used to be . 
  a lot of interaction with mainland france with big businesses , culture , and immigration . 
  but the relationship is not of partners , more of a french domination . 
  apart from quebec i would say the domtoms ( french oversees territories http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/overseas_departments_and_territories_of_france ) even though they are officialy france and not colonies , its basically the continuation of previous colonial process . 
  domtom has it all - exotic indegenous cultures ( in the carribean , indian ocean , and pacific ) which makes it a great holiday destination , locals are part of france but bring their own unique blend , a lot of `` immigration '' in france , influenced our music a lot etc etc, 
  i do n't think providing natural resources is an issue for russia tbh, 
   strangely enough wallonia , france and quebec all french speaking and for some reason they have had terrible economic progress compared to neighboring places with similar geographic circumstances and population , that 's a lie . 
  maybe french speaking areas are not the richest , but they are not having `` terrible economic progress '' compared to others . 
  for example france is behind germany but way ahead of italy and spain . 
  french speaking areas are bout average, 
  lille ( the north in general ) and marseille i would guess, 
  i didnt understand you were talking specifically about poland . 
  sorry for that then, 
  there were actually really heavy riots before the world cup , but once it started it mainly died down . 
  i know youre joking but the 11 host cities have already been chosen, 
   by the time the soviet army moved west , ** the germany was pretty much defeated . 
  ** by the soviet union !, 
  from the fall of france in 1940 to dday in 1944 there was virtually no fighting in the west europe . 
  russia was singlehandedly handling the nazis in europe . 
  nazis sent most of their troops and most of their troops got killed by soviet . 
  im french btw . 
  lets not rewrite history because you have a bias against russia today . 
  he also explained its because he was a veterinary and took care of horses and the nazi veterinary probably saved his life . 
  non-aryan pow would most likely be shot on the spot or put into slavery until they died, 
   hitler was shocked because he thought they had no backbone ( a bit like putin today ) . 
  not really . 
  france and particularly britain were very scared of fighting with germany and gave him too much leeway . 
  germany was bluffing when they took rhineland , austria , then sudetenland . 
  if france + uk gave a strong response , they would have backed down . 
  instead hitler would call a meeting explaining why this is the `` last invasion '' and uk and france would pat themselves on the back and say `` peace in our time '' . 
  france was more willing to go to war - having a large border with germany and being less anti-communist - but they were too scared to go alone . 
  britain was trying to avoid war until they absolutely had to . 
  a lot of `` anti-systeme '' in france are big putin fans aswell, 
  bbc have a very interesting piece on the yazidis . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/blogs-magazine-monitor-28686607 it 's an old persian religion which mixes christianity , islam , and other religions . 
  basically they just want to be left alone and the kurds are the only ones who will protect them atm, 
  france 1 . 
  football 2 . 
  handball, 
  can you please summarize the reasons why 27 % of 18-24 year old french people support isis ? 
  im really curious to know, 
  it doesnt strike you as odd that apparently 15 % of french people support isis and a whopping 27 % of 18-24 year olds ? 
  rt has an agenda - `` accept immigrants and they will support extremist islam , look france has the highest % of muslims in europe '', 
  the ignorance on this sub is striking . 
  go to stormfront, 
  til the country with the most high speed railway in europe is . . spain !, 
  who would have thought ? 
  its making me feel like doing a tour of the country by train, 
  dont forget the precious toilet paper !, 
  http://eshop.carrefour.eu/assets/ctx/bec/static/wlpdatas/display/000/004/890/48909.jpeg !, 
  ours is the best !, 
  says the american !, 
  can these things get any more boring ? 
  they actually started out very interesting , now its just taking the piss . 
  europe and us are definitely involved in ukraine . 
  `` pro-democracy '' groups around the world are funded by the west . 
  information and directions will be given to the ukranian military fighting in the east . 
  its not some big covert operation , but ofcourse us and eu are involved , they need ppl involved in things all over the world and most espeically to a situation so close to the west . 
  saying this as a french, 
  food aid * is * a short term solution . 
  its better than letting people just starve to death . 
  its not a long term solution though, 
  it 's mainly financed by the private sector, 
  napoleon was not democratic for top day , but much more democratic than most of his contemporary neighbours . 
  i do n't agree with the comparison with lenin, 
  belgium 's national dish is moules-frittes , not steak-frittes . 
  chill your tits too . 
  from wikipedia too - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/steak_frites steak-frites , [ note 1 ] meaning `` steak [ and ] fries '' in french , is a very common and popular dish served in brasseries throughout europe . 
  it is considered by some to be the national dish of belgium and france , which both claim to be the places of its invention . 
  crepes are aslo definitely not the national dish of france . 
  its a regional dish of brittany . 
  national dish of france is probably a steak-frittes, 
  in the context `` impure '' blood refers to those against the revolution and for the ancien regime rather than their nationality . 
  all right not gon na spend the whole day arguing on definitions . 
  at the end of the day these are people fleeing a country in civil war where there is a dictator who uses chemical gas on his population on one side and on the other side the most dangerous form of islamist terrorism that has ever occurred . 
  all they want is a better life for them and their families . 
  wikipedia on refugee - a refugee , in contrast to a migrant , is according to the geneva convention on refugees [ 1 ] [ 2 ] applied to a person who is outside their home country of citizenship because they have well-founded grounds for fear of persecution because of their race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , and is unable to obtain sanctuary from their home country or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail themselves of the protection of that country ; [ 1 ] [ 2 ] or in the case of not having a nationality and being outside their country of former habitual residence as a result of such event , is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to return to their country of former habitual residence . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] such a person may be called an `` asylum seeker '' until considered with the status of `` refugee '' by the contracting state [ 1 ] where they formally make a claim for sanctuary or right of asylum . 
  [ 2 ] nothing about having a claim accepted . 
  and til syria is a safe country . 
  how the fuck is kicking people ever justified ? 
  someone is in an illegal situation in a country , in civilized places no matter what that should not be answered by violence . 
  if someone assaults people then yes you can physically attack him . 
  these are human beings for gods sakes . 
  refugee and illegal immigrant is not mutually exclusive . 
  in fact it 's very often the case that refugees are not legally in a country, 
  historically italians who first stares comming in the 1800s . 
  but they are so integrated in france ( along with descendants of spanish and portuguese ) they are basically not a miniority . 
  now it 's north africans . 
  stereotype is that the older have low paid industrial jobs . 
  young ones hang around the neighborhoods with tracksuits , scooters , and hashish in their pockets . 
  other thing i noticed in england is the lack of fresh local foods . 
  everything is shipped from 1000kms away .
