french intervention in ivory coast and mali made the situations better . 
   had the west of helped overthrow assad there 's a decent chance isis would not have become anywhere near as potent a fighting force as they are today . 
  isis is also able to survive as it operates in states with weak central governments and power vacuums . 
  throwing out bachar would be a tricky situation . 
  who rules the new country ? 
  how do you reconcile the different ethncities ? 
  thats what happened in iraq after saddam got thrown out . 
  i think a bachar-less syria would actually have been more favourable to isis . 
  for the moment , tunisa is the only succesful revolution comming out of the arab world, 
  great depression ? 
  i guess some right wing people ( which are quite present in the police ) know its racist meaning , even if not the general population . 
  i visited camargues where there still are cowboys like this http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-utwh9a_gl2c/tabp6xgurdi/aaaaaaaacgg/t_ihtklupuq/s1600/camargues+%25282004%2529.jpg and the souvenir shops were full of confederate flags . 
  the people there jsut see it to represent the american rural southern way of life . 
  and thats probably what the general public see . 
  ku klux klan robe is what signifies us racism . 
  biggest regional dispute in france is probably tensions between corsica and the mainland . 
  women rights being another . 
  a lot of ex yugoslavians would agree, 
  fair enough . 
  i would call that mid east more specifically but youre not wrong . 
  mesopotamia ( present day iraq and syria ) is actually the birth place of civilization, 
  im talking about recent times , and im not justifying palestinian attacks on israel . 
  when did i ever mention democracies ? 
  israel doesnt want eternal war . 
  gaza is a huge problem egypt ca n't deal with . 
  they 've just had 2 revolutions . 
  first one , dictator mubarak got kicked out and muslim brotherhood democratically won elections . 
  second one army kicked out muslim brotherhood . 
  the party is banned now , leaders are in jail , and many have been sentenced to death . 
  today egypt is suffering terrorist actions especially in the sinai peninsula on its border with israel . 
  just this week 31 egyptian soldiers were killed by terrorist attacks of islamists http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/25/world/middleeast/militants-kill-at-least-26-egyptian-soldiers-in-sinai-peninsula-attack.html?_r=0 . 
  and hamas is an offshoot of ... the muslim brotherhood . 
  so yeah , gaza is a whole can of worms egypt can not afford to deal with . 
  works in kaliningrad http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kaliningrad, 
  lets not stereotype and simplify . . israel just wants to remain in existance . 
  which for us europeans living in our countries seem like the most natural thing in the world , but for israelis who know many of their neighbours want them kicked out , who live with a daily risk of bomb threats and terrorist actions is not so natural . 
  im not trying to justify the action of israeli state , which im very against , but if we accept the premise that israel has a right to remain a state , we should recognize they have genuine security concerncs . 
  some israelis , especially the most right wing , want more settlement , but most just want to keep living peacefully . 
  not really . 
  israel has invaded and bombed palestine several times in the past years killing 1000s of people including many civilians in some of the most densely population regions in the world ( gaza ) . 
  china is doing a sort of cultural genocide to remove tibetan identity , but there isnt the same scope of casualties . 
  france is actually one of the most pro-palestinian european countries and it has a left wing government in power . 
  i dont think it will happen but its definitely not a `` no chance '' scenario . 
  for private surveys aswell . 
  i watched a documentary on it and a halal food company got in trouble for calling all muslim sounding names out of the phone book . 
  some companies try to find some loop holes for their marketing research, 
  its the case in france , state statistics have to be 100 % colorblind . 
  all french are the same , religion , race etc is not included . 
  comes in part from world war 2 where the french state discriminated against jews . 
  i dont think muslims have more public professions than other religions/races , not in france at least . 
  ok maybe discounting chinese you hardly see except outside of their restuarants . 
  you 're right , basically everyone in france eats kebabs . 
  maghrebis tend to hang out at the kebab place the whole day though . 
  i dont totally blame them , in the south all young people hang outside and maghrebis probably feel more comfortable there . 
  but i imagine it can piss off older conservative people . 
  especially in south of france , which is the most right wing region . 
  dont know about you but i lived in south of france and kebab stores seem like the official place for maghrebis in the town to hang out . 
  im not defending soviet communism , but they did view rich peasants as enemies , and for them rich peasant = kulak . 
  a problem is that the soviet leadership more often than not did not understand or really care that much about rural areas . 
  a peasant owning his own land could very well and often was just as poor as one working on another ones land . 
  bolshevik leaders were urban , and their electorate was urban , they were not experts on rural russia . 
  the largest country in the world with many regional differences . 
  my best friend is russian . 
  him and his friends are not assholes . 
  this is litteraly the funniest thing ive ever watched !, 
  lauged non stop i have one for you aswell - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1nregj5t3c, 
  asshsoles from everywhere vandalize things . 
  lets not make this about russia . 
  liberalism is a political ideology , like socialism , conservatism , environmentalism , fascism etc. 
  both republican and democrat parties are liberal . 
  the difference is that in europe and australia , liberal is used more to describe economic policies , while in north america , its used more in the social sense . 
  im not a partisan of moving the european parliament anywhere , i dont really care tbh . 
  you were talking about symbolism and i just wanted to chime in that strasbourg is possibly one of the , if not the strongest example of european cooperation . 
  talking about symbolism . . strasbourg has a lot . 
  the main driving force of the european union was france and germany deciding on cooperation and economic growth instead of killing each other . 
  alsace , which strasbourg is the capital , is german speaking ( as a local language ) region of france that changed hands multiple times between france and germany . 
  it was part of the holy roman empire , incorporate into france in 1639 , taken back by germany in 1871 after the franco-prussian war , back to france at the end of world war i , back to germany in 1940 when nazis defeat france , and finally back to france at the end of the war . 
  where did i say that ? 
   im not saying lobbying should be outright banned . 
  lobbying should definitely be controlled, 
  i dont disagree with you , but i think a lot of what you are saying is more relevant to the us than many european countries . 
  money influences elections here aswell but in a different way . 
  you dont `` buy '' elections in europe with advertisements and big campaigns . 
  the money spent on campaigning in europe is a miniscule fraction of that in the us , the attack adds in the us are illegal here . 
  in france , tiny parties can afford the same campaigning as the big mainstream parties , not the same in us . 
  i would say the issue in democracy in europe is not so much money buying elections by being able to afford better campaigns , but an `` orthodoxy '' that is agreed upon by mainstream parties , big business , and the eu . 
  basically i think you are extrapolating us issues too much into european ones . 
  problems are similar , and money is very prominent , but the systems are still pretty different . 
  disenfranchising people means stopping them from voting . 
  in a democratic system , 1 person = 1 vote . 
  thats not the case with lobbying , where money wiehgs much more than people . 
  another issue is nationality . 
  for example french decide on their issues , spanish on theirs , italian on theirs etc. 
  in lobbying , companies from us , japan , north korea , afghanistan , russia etc etc. 
  can affect policy . 
  on the contrary , in a system where lobbies have no restictions we will be desinfranchising citizens , as the representatives they elect will no longer be working for them . 
  im not saying lobbying should be outright banned . 
  lobbying should definitely be controlled , if not there is no point of acting like eu is a democracy if lobbies are allowed to have as much influence as they want . 
  and thats the problem . 
  whether we like it or not , lobbying is part of the european democratic process .
