  democratic proccess is electing people to represent us and the greater public , that is their stated goal . 
  if a group of people as you put it , or actually more often big companies with a lot of money are able to influence decisions more than the people that are elected , than thats an issue . 
  there is no point of electing people democratically any more . 
  and lobbies already have huge influences in the eu . 
  eu suffers from a huge issue of transparency , how many of the general public pays attention to the laws voted there ? 
  on the other hand big companies have many experts keeping tabs on all decisions , all members , and are trying to influence them . 
  lobbyists chose members that are on their side , and attack those that dont support their ideas . 
  lobbyists write laws that are passed in the eu parliament . 
  lobbyists propose `` consultant '' jobs with massive salaries to former parliament members who supported them . 
  lobbying may be amoral , but democracy is not . 
  if we want the eu parliament to be democratic , lobbying should most definitely be checked . 
   an on a related note , i honestly think without lobbying , only rich people who could really afford to run wide-reaching campaigns . 
  most european countries have very strict laws when it comes to elections . 
  who can fund you , how much advertisement , refund for small parties etc. 
  its not at all the same situation as the us . 
  in france every party in an election ( and we have several . . not just 2/3 like the us ) has a strict policy of the exact amount of time on tv , only on newspapers coverage is different . 
  there is limit on how much you can spend . 
  sarkozy and his party ( ump ) are in trouble with the law right now as they overpspent last elections and made fake bills about it . 
  all parties that get 5 % of the vote get refunded what they spent . 
  its also naive to think that just because some lobbying is beneficial to the greater public , all lobbying is . 
  lobbying is still very often an issue that needs to be kept in check, 
  there was a documentary on french tv which showed how lobbies litterally write a huge proportion of laws that are passed in the parliament . 
  parliament members were even very open about this - we have too much work , it saves us time . 
  a lot of this parliament members would then get hired by the big lobbies as consultants after their term was over and make huge salaries . 
  the documentary was very chilling . 
  germany and spain also have much better relations with the us than russia does , the article said that last year only 4 % answered us, 
  true , even though autochtone languages are spoken there too . 
  interestingly in paraguay , guarani is spoken by more of the population than spanish is http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_paraguay, 
  some of assad 's enemies are much worse than he is . . its not that simple . 
  and the west has responsibility in this , he was a friend of the west for very long despite being a dictator . 
  plus the us intervention in iraq supported by many western country which caused huge destablization in the whole region . . 
  native americans are the majority in bolivia and peru, 
  i thought russians liked france ? 
  we gave you depardieu and you all come on holidays in the south of france, 
  my point is that in the rest of the american continent bar the us and the carribean - there are still many native indians . 
  there are millions of descendants of mayas in central america , native indians are the majority in bolivia ( even the president is indio ) and peru , guarani is the most spoken language in paraguay etc. 
  how come in the rest of the americas native indians are still present and not killed off by dieseases like the us ? 
  im honestly asking because i dont understand why the us indians all got killed by disease yet in other countries they are much more present . 
  maybe its because those 10 % of natives left in the us were destroyed more than in other countries where their population could grow back, 
  yet there are still millions of native indians in canada , mexico , and latin america . . 
  us instilled policy of kicking them off their land , forced assimilation , destroying their habititat . 
  it wasnt just `` mostly diseases '' . 
  charming, 
  yep , registered for one of those recruitment agencies , i could work 7/7 days after that . 
  quality of life aint the best tho on minimum wage, 
   with much less arable land you have a stat for that or you 're just assuming ? 
  yield per acre is very low in africa due to technology , but there is a lot of arable land . 
   it 's not even something i 'd blame on being inferior wow . . 
  `` theyre breeding too fast '' `` remove training wheels and they 'd die '' sounds like youre talking about lab animals or some 18th century politician speaking of his colonies . 
  communism did n't care of religion , but feared nationalism . 
  lenin , trotsky , and many ussr leaders were ethnic jews . 
  we kindof like belgium , until we find out theyre better than us at something . 
  1968 protests were euro-communist/anarchist/hippie and anti-ussr btw . 
  french communist party which was alligned with moscow didnt support the protests who were labeled as sons and daughters of bourgeois and not proletarians, 
  having seen how us networks cover the israel-palestine conflict , your media is much more pro-israel than the rest of the western world . 
  youre still kidding yourself if you think american conservatives would `` love '' her . 
  marine le pen is anit-liberal ( economic sense , not american sense ie - against world finance ) , anti-globalization , supports more welfare and social programs for french , and especially wants to be closer to russia and dislikes the us . 
  so yeah, 
  you are very ignorant of marine le pen 's economic policies , after the communists shes the most inerventionist, 
  i totally agree with you . 
  no need to generalize though !, 
   in a way that the french , to all appearances , are too stubborn and/or arrogant to do . 
  happens in corsica aswell http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a4/corse_signalisation.jpg/220px-corse_signalisation.jpg ans i imagine a lot of countries too, 
  nailed it . 
  i feel / r/europe always tries to sensationalize a lot of integration issues, 
  it 's really not an issue at all , except for maybe 1 % of retards . 
  france is made up of so many different ethnicities - basques , bretons , normans , provenceaux , chtis , corsicans , catalans , alsatians etc etc. 
  a proven\u00e7al is closer to italian than to a chti , chti closer to belgians and dutch , alsatians closer germans , basques and catalans to spain . 
  there is no french ethnicity in the first places . 
  south europeans have been french for hundreds of years , no one gives a shit or treats anyone different from a back non visible background . 
  this includes armenians , poles , belgians who 've been in france for very long too, 
  there is quite some bullshit in this article . 
  they want to make it seem like french people are against najat vallaud-belkacem ? 
  thats bull they quote valeurs actuel and minute  various right-leaning news outlets responded to her appointment with a toxic combination of racism and islamophobia . 
  the cover of minute reduces vallaud-belkacem to `` a moroccan muslim '' and states that this is in and of itself a `` provocation . '' meanwhile , the cover of valeurs actuelles reads : `` the ayatollah : investigation into the minister of national re-education . '' why , in a nation where citizenship is supposed to be learned , not inherited , is it so difficult for french muslims to advance past `` foreigner '' to `` fellow citizen '' in the eyes of their compatriots ? 
  ofcourse these magazines will say such nonsense , they are extremist magazines read by retards and the equivalent of stromfront basically . 
  and then it ends like this  put it this way : how many french people came away from reading about najat vallaud-belkacem 's political appointment with any deep sense of what her future education policy proposals are likely to be , as opposed to learning that she is a muslim from morocco ? 
  really ?!, 
  no one except retards give a shit of belkacem 's background . 
  she is a smart , young , and pretty politician of a crap party of which she has had good roles . 
  i dont give a shit of her religion and it is never even mentioned . 
  honestly this article is nonsense . 
  if we want to talk about a french politician who has suffered racism , valaud-belkalem is a terrible example . 
  on the other hand they should talk about taubira of french-guyana who has suffered a lot of anti-black racism . 
  honestly no one gives a shit of belkalem 's origin , he looks white , talks like a white , is very modern , husband is white etc, 
  today non visible miniorities ( italians , spaniards , portuguese ) are not discriminated against at all . 
  they are very very prominent . 
  on the contrary it is usually them who keep their local traditions such as supporting sport teams from their countries , eating certain foods , keeping the flag in their house etc. 
  if you look at influential people in france , a ridiculous percentage are non visible miniorities . 
  sarkozy is hungarian , valls ( prime minister ) and hidalgo ( paris mayor ) spanish . . italian sounding last names are extremely extremely common and no one bats an eye, 
  same in france aswell, 
  its more an old world vs new world ( americas + oceania ) issue . 
  old world there have been communities living in one region for hundreds of years . 
  new world the original inhabitants were exterminated and replaced by a very heterogenic group . 
  europe is probably the region in the whole old world that accepts multiculturalism the most . 
  very advanced economies like south korea and japan are light years behind . 
   greece has the only military in europe that is up to date in all 3 major areas of navy , ground forces , air-force . 
  i have trouble beleiving greece is the only country in europe with these characteristics, 
  the story is very influenced by a french novel on 14 century france - the accursed kings - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-26824993, 
  france got louisiana after napoleon invaded spain , it was spanish long before being french,
