   then he asks the whites :  well , we want a narrower one . 
   and they got it . 
   then he asks the jews :  does it cost money ? 
   then the largest there is !, 
  or  why do jews have a big nose ? 
   air is free . 
  ( yeah , we like to make fun of their noses too ... ), 
  i 'm not saying that the european-american relation could devolve into open war . 
  i 'm only saying that the economic rivalry between europe and america could become bad enough for the usa to want to significantly weaken the eu - economically . 
  an armed conflict between any european country and the usa is fortunately a thing of alternate-history novels . 
  today . 
  if the eu ever stars moving towards a proper federation , it will be at least 20 years before we 'll sign the treaty that we * intent * to do it and another 10 before we figure out what to do with the countries that do n't really want to be in the federation ( uk will belong to oceania anyway ) . 
  a political union ( = federation ) was one of the long-term goals of eu at the time of its foundation . 
  and they do n't have to offer deals that are good for the * countries * - they just have to offer deals that are good for the governments of these countries . 
  there 's a very sharp difference , especially in e-europe where the governments are way more corrupt . 
   as for the other scenario , that would only work in the case of a treaty change . 
  or pan-european projects , joining existing treaties , etc. . . 
  i 'm a bit more afraid of the us getting a government that is less than rational . 
  and this situation might change in a decade or two . 
   militaristically there is n't much real threat unless ww3 happens , in which case federation or not , we are all fucked . 
  a common military would be more useful against states that are fairly irrational ( mostly dictatorships or semi-dictatorships ) and do n't care about economic threats . 
  it 's part of the `` big stick '' , just like a common economy is against rational states . 
   politically we are strong as it is . 
  there is a lot of dissent within the union . 
  it 's ok , but it erodes all image of a `` united front '' we might try to present . 
   i 'm lost as to what `` threats '' the eu has made to the us , china and russia and not followed through on ? 
  that 's the point . 
  we ca n't even make * implied * threats because we could n't follow through on them and they know it . 
  what would happen if , say , the us started seeing the eu as a serious economic threat , decided on a divide-and-conquer approach and started approaching countries with exclusive agreements ? 
  or if russia would tempt the eastern countries with deals , on condition that they wo n't sign a specific deal with the eu or vote no on something ? 
  because this `` success '' is only statistical . 
  yes , the eu member states together are a stronger economy than the us or china , but on the diplomatic front most of us are standing alone . 
  and our member states ca n't compete with the us or china . 
  most of them ca n't even compete with russia or japan , not to speak of the swiftly developing s-american countries . 
  russia is also trying to expand its circle of influence to the eastern states of the eu and without a strong cooperation and foreign policy the eu will lose these states . 
  cliche as it sounds , a much stronger cooperation is required to `` preserve our way of life '' . 
  it should though ; we should become a full-blown federation to have a chance against the us , china and russia ( and not necessarily a military sense ; there 's a really low chance of war on eu soil in the next century or so ) . 
  right now the eu ca n't defend its interests effectively . 
  diplomacy effectively boils down to `` do/don ' t do this and we 'll do this '' and `` do/don ' t do this or else ... '' . 
  both of them requires that we could either comply with our half of the deal or actually fulfill our threats . 
  without a common foreign policy the set of interests we can protect officially is fairly small - the intersection of the interest of every member country . 
  ( unofficially it 's more like an intersection of the interests of the uk , france , germany and the nordic countries . ), 
  a common foreign policy would expand this to `` the interest of the majority of countries , weighted by population '' which opens up new possibilities ( and reduces both russian and american influence ) . 
  common monetary policy was already established in the majority of the union , but the crisis showed that it 's unstable without a common economic policy . 
  and some common economic regulation is also required to back up the common foreign policy . 
  lastly , well , we 'd need a common army . 
  ultima ratio regum ( or more like `` ultima ratio federationis '' in this case ) . 
  too bad that we ca n't really capitalize on this without a common foreign policy and a common economic policy . 
  in hungary a similar word ( `` n\u00e9ger '' , pronounced the same as neger ) is completely inoffensive ( kinda means `` negro '' too ) . 
  but especially in international companies it 's being phased out in favor of `` fekete '' ( black ) as it 's easy to mishear it as `` nigger '' . 
  i guess it 's similar in the nl , is n't it ? 
  afaik `` neger '' is not a slur in dutch . 
  ( proof that you can easily be racist without slurs too ... ), 
  well , it can get more complicated than this . 
  you can easily end up with objectfactories and objectfactoryfactories and objectfactoryfactoryfactories ... plus the virtual machine causes java programs to be more resource-intensive and causes some performance drop too , but this is way better than it used to be . 
  there are lots of criticisms towards every modern language . 
  c++ is too barebone ( and i think the world has n't forgiven them for not including a foreach loop , that is the point where * every single language using c-syntax * is different ^ \\* ) , java can be cumbersome , slow and resource-hogging , c # is ... well , it 's actually really easy to use , but if i keep using it for a while i 'm sure i 'll discover the nasty side , objective-c is an unholy hybrid of c++ and nextstep and using it after using any of the others i mentioned so far is like trying to speak dutch after speaking german , etc. . . ^ \\* : c++ 11 introduced it as for ( datatype & varname : collection ) but it was * waaaaaaay * too late and the other languages already had their syntax . 
  if it would have been introduced in , say , c++ 98 , most languages would have the same goddamn syntax . 
  a quick overview of the clusterfuck that is foreach in other modern languages : * java : for ( datatype varname : collection ) * c # : foreach ( datatype varname in collection ) * obj-c : for ( datatype varname in collection ) * php : foreach ( collection as varname ) or foreach ( collection as key =  value ) for keyed arrays * javascript : for ( var varname in collection ) ... 
  so how long until the other side can start a referendum with a similarly loaded question ? 
  besides it will throw an `` index out of range '' exception , unless the arrays are 1-indexed in the language . 
  but i have yet to encounter a language that uses c-syntax and does n't use 0-indexed arrays . 
  and i does n't have a datatype , that ticks off most c-based languages . 
  and members has the datatype eu , which seems off . 
  let 's try this again in , say , java : ... vector < member  eumembers = new vector < member  ( ) ; / / add members here ... / / could be a hashset too for all i care ... void makesame ( vector < member  tomakesame ) { / / because global variables are a bad practice !, 
  for ( member mmbr : tomakesame ) { mmbr.gayrights = true ; } }, 
  let me comment on the idiocy of this :  `` marriage is the only union enabling procreation . 
  this is the key difference between a marriage ... and other unions , '' said croatia 's cardinal josip bozanic in a letter read out in churches . 
  good news , people in civil unions or simply dating !, 
  if you 're both std-free , you do n't need protection !, 
  your union does n't enable procreation !, 
  bad news , married sterile people . 
  your marriage is apparently invalid . 
  also , they finished the th\u00f6k\u00f6ly street in budapest . 
  apparently , 2013 is only 1 year away from 2005 . 
  btw . 
  matolcsy is only * former * minister of finance , currently he is the president of the national bank . 
  we 'll see where he can cause less damage . 
  there 's a much simpler and direct way in which legalization helps prostitutes : they are much more likely to go to the police and report a john who abuses them if they wo n't get thrown into jail for prostitution instantly . 
  then the other side can say `` well , people * did n't * want this x years ago '' and ask a question like `` do you agree that marriage should be between people who love each other ? '', 
  if croatia 's legal system is similar to ours the referendum only obliges the parliament for a set number of years which is when the laws made on the referendum can be changed both by the parliament or another referendum . 
  ( i 'm pretty sure though that if they could rewrite the constitution without all this pesky democratic process , they would do that . ), 
  no , that 's worded very well by the ones who asked the question and want the outcome to be `` yes '' . 
  at least they do a referendum before including it in the constitution , unlike our dear govt ... 
  you know that this only affects small consumers ? 
  as in mostly the private consumers ? 
  and that the utility companies will have to make up the profit loss ( they are already making a loss in that sector ) by billing more to the larger consumers - a.k.a. 
  the corporations ? 
  who will then roll this over to the customers if they can , fire people if they still can or just go out of business ? 
  whatever , fucking over the economy of the country is not a price too steep for the 2/3 next year . 
  it 's not like there were other countries with cheap and trained workforce right next door ... oh . 
  so they bundled banning illegal protests with banning hooking and drug dealing next to kindergartens ... lem me guess , the next person criticizing the law will be called out for `` wanting to allow hookers and junkies to do their business in front of our children '' . 
  uh , let 's change hungary to yellow ( or at least green ... or orange , that would be fitting if the map had the color ) . 
  the bechdel-test can be reversed easily ( does the movie include two men , who talk about something other than women ) but it 's hard to find a movie that fails this . 
  maybe some rom-coms , but they usually fail the normal bechdel too . 
  and it 's completely possible for a movie to portray the genders equally , yet completely fail the bechdel test . 
  for example , pacific rim is generally liked by feminists because it portrayed mako as an actual human being and did n't force a romantic plot into the movie even though it would have been ridiculously easy . 
  yet it fails the test because she is pretty much the only prominent female character and does n't interact with other women during the movie at all . 
  and a misogynistic movie could easily pass the test , just include two women who talk about shoes for a minute . 
  it 's voluntary , hence only the people who actually speak english well enough to find the test filled it .
