  i like austria . 
  vienna is kind of what budapest could be with competent leadership , and the alps are beautiful . 
  your throat , most likely . 
  if you 're not a teenager , you 'll be looked at in budapest . 
  but that 's probably the extent of it . 
  if you 're a teenager then not even that , it 's fairly usual for them to have unnatural hair colors . 
  right now i live in rotterdam , netherlands , and people here probably wo n't even look . 
  if it 's past 9am , then even a 50-year-old woman with neon pink hair would only be the 4th-5th weirdest thing people have seen that day . 
  hungary : we basically have trump in the pm seat since 2010 ( except that , however shitty trump was in the private sector , he has at least worked in the private sector , whereas orb\u00e1n never held any non-political job ) . 
  it 's basically guaranteed that he 'll be there until at least 2022 : he tailored the election system in 2011 to his liking , meaning that he made sure that his united populist party will always end up winning against a fractured left , the left is too busy infighting to realize this , and there are suspicions that fidesz is actually funding one of the left parties which does n't enter into any opposition alliances in order to keep it this way . 
  `` smeerkaas '' is cream cheese , but `` meer '' means more and `` minder '' means less . 
  traditionally miskolc is also ( usually ) socialist . 
  even in 2014 with the fidesz-designed spoiler-effect-maximizing system baz-2 went to mszp . 
  budapest is the bastion of the left in hungary . 
  there 's a reason why the new election system designed by orb\u00e1n & co. made individual district seats a majority in the parliament and changed district elections to first-past-the-post instead of the old two-round system . 
  in the summer it would make no difference ( unless the government puts the country into utc +2 / 3dst zone , which might actually happen ) , but in the winter it would mean another month or so when people would have to get up and head out before sunrise . 
  there 's also the fact that in high school ( a.k.a. 
  that time when everyone is a night owl ) plenty of students have a `` 0th '' class starting between 7 and 7:30 . 
  this is already borderline sadism , but if winter time was +2 instead of +1 then these students would be able to sleep even less , which is strongly linked with a decline in mental performance , weight gain , depression , etc. . . 
  the ideological bs they are serving this with is that this way `` families could spend more daylight hours together '' ... which also would n't be achieved for many , since our main trading partners ( the rest of the eu , basically ) would still be in gmt +1 / 2 . 
  work hours would be shifted in basically the entire manufacturing and service sector . 
  ( and if the opening hours of cr\u00e9ches and kindergartens are n't altered accordingly , this would cause a huge difficulty for exactly the same people they were supposed to favor with this . ), 
  really weird . 
  i speak german so my brain thinks i should understand it , but then i ca n't . 
  it 's disorienting . 
  staying in gmt +2 after next summer . 
  as usual , the government is going to pass this law without effect studies , preparation , or anything else that such a law would require . 
  ( and of course this is another move of the tyranny of the larks who pass out a minute after sunset , not giving a flying fuck about us owls who need several hours of darkness to fall asleep and could really use the natural sunlight in the morning to wake up properly ... ), 
  orb\u00e1n is head of government . 
  ( for now . ), 
  the head of state is j\u00e1nos \u00c1der . 
  and maybe we should have lyrics that do n't reinforce our national victim complex . 
  it 's a tad different though when the productions happen to be in a different language and an entirely different culture . 
  i mean , how do you distribute the broadcast time on the hypothetical ebc channels ? 
  sure , you could do it like npo , the dutch public broadcast ( basically , the hours are distributed between the member organizations based on their membership count ) , but then you would have 26 government propaganda `` news '' programs filling up 3/4th of the airtime , and german and french shows with every increasing production values filling up the remaining 1/4th . 
  ... actually , it would be a nice change of pace compared to the american media dominance , but still . 
  as for hungarian channels being concentrated in / around budapest , well , hungary 's population is actually more concentrated than most other european countries ' . 
  the population of budapest is 8 times the population of the second largest city , and the population of the budapest metro area is 12 times the population of debrecen and its agglomeration . 
  it would be nice if at least some of the inordinate amount of money that is pushed into the `` public service '' channels would be used for local productions though , but that would mean less time for propaganda . 
  i would give it a few months before it would devolve into a cultural dick-measuring contest between the french and the germans . 
  we 're taught ural-volga-caspian sea-caucasus-black sea-bosporus-mediterranean . 
  the countries of the caucasus are usually considered european , with the acknowledgement that they are extremely borderline cases . 
  climate change and the ensuing desertification will lead to a refugee crisis that will dwarf the current one . 
  yes , but his acting career ended more than a decade before he became president and he had plenty of political experience before that . 
  he did n't go straight from acting to presidency . 
  well , it ended in trianon , so ... 
  you think the us wo n't drag europe down ? 
  dream on . 
  this used to be fairly regular in hungary , but it got phased out by boxed / bottled milk . 
  because originally `` guly\u00e1s '' referred to our cowboys , with guly\u00e1sleves being the soup they made . 
  these days , however , there are n't many cowboys left on the puszta , so the word became almost exclusively used for the soup . 
  sure , but he might very well do the same . 
  does n't mean he 'll pick a minority to exterminate next , but also does n't mean that i would agree with this move . 
  politicizing the position of president was the first mistake , and one i 'm not entirely certain that can be undone . 
  do i ? 
  i mean , he shamelessly appointed two lackeys in succession to the office , and the power of the president is mostly ceremonial . 
  even a president who opposes the government can only delay laws by a week , so it 's not like he would get any more power . 
  right now he does n't . 
  together with jobbik he does , but why would he change it ? 
  the aforementioned disgrace to the title is his lackey . 
  the current president is his lackey . 
  and if he were to change anything regarding the title of the president , it would be merging the title of the president and the title of pm without term limits . 
  or establishing a monarchy . 
  it 's in the constitution . 
  changing it is just as difficult as changing it in a monarchy ( or getting rid of the monarchy altogether ) . 
  you are wrong . 
  it might differ based on the country , but for example in hungary they continue to receive their full wage for some years , then half of it for the rest of their lives . 
  right now we 're paying this pension for 3 former presidents , one of them was only president for a few months before he was stripped of his doctorate for plagiarism and forced to resign in disgrace . 
  dunno , i just ca n't get myself to give a fuck about who has the ceremonial power that a head of state generally has . 
  paying the expenses of the royal family is a drop in the bucket compared to national budgets , and it 's not like you would n't have to pay similar expenses in a republic either ( hell , even former presidents are entitled to a pension for life and other benefits , which can get up to the level of the expenses of the royal family considering the term limits - if the presidents are elected at a relatively young age , the state can end up paying pensions to 5-6 of them ) . 
  just how corrupt is the government they are cheering for ( simply because they happened to pick the immigrants as the current enemy in their populist rhetoric ) . 
  * muslims are people too . 
  * `` liberal '' is n't a dirty word . 
  * the previous government was actually better than the current , despite their utter incompetence . 
  the evening news . 
  it could be set up like in / r/europe , with customizable flair text . 
  the alt could also be set to visible ( like over at / r/asoiaf ) . 
  as / u/abrovinch said , visa and mastercard cards can be debit cards as well . 
  mine were at the time , at least . 
  now i have a dutch credit card too which i can use for online purchases from stores outside the netherlands , but i do n't spend more than i can refinance at the end of the month . 
  i think so . 
  there is maybe one county of hungary where i have n't visited ( as in : have n't stayed at least a night or at least 4-6 hours in a single city ) . 
  yeah , that 's weird . 
  when i moved to the netherlands , ikea was pretty much the only place that accepted cards other than maestro . 
  ( nowadays there are more and more places accepting mastercard and visa too , but maestro is the only card that will be accepted everywhere . ), 
  german is important in hungary as germany is our biggest trading partner ( and of course austria is a neighbor , so compared to english , spanish , french or mandarin it 's fairly easy to find natives to practice with ) . 
  it 's also important if you live in a touristy area ( say , the entire lake balaton ) . 
  fairly popular in hungary , but no wild turkeys around . 
  it 's all farmed . 
  `` we know you come for the cheap booze , just please , try to vomit into the trashcans ! '', 
  and also believes that everyone can understand hungarian if he is shouting at them slowly . 
  his nephew and niece , captain buda and captain pest are more metropolitan though . 
  captain buda is an omnidisciplinary engineer and wine snob with a working knowledge of english ( and he can read greek , though he does n't understand it ) born into a rich family , while captain pest is a party girl with a dual major of economics and liberal arts , a superficial knowledge of major european languages , and a preference for vodka and j\u00e4germeister , mixed with hell or bomba ( hungarian energy drinks , much cheaper than red bull ) . 
  of course this does n't mean they wo n't get depressed-drunk on uncle hungary 's p\u00e1linka supply once in a while ( read : weekly ) . 
  captain hungary has an endless supply of p\u00e1linka . 
  unfortunately he tends to get drunk on his own supply and becomes depressed and suicidal . 
  no , because of the billions of euros he passes to his friends . 
  hungary is in a state of state capture . 
  corruption is n't just something that is a byproduct of governing , it 's * the * government policy . 
  except in official speech .
