  examples : ( for these you must know something about hungarian elections : everyone has two votes , one for an individual district candidate and one for a party list , part of the representatives are thus from individual districts and part of them are from the party lists after some compensation . ), 
  district elections . 
  until 2010 there were two rounds ( unless someone got an absolute majority in the first round ) . 
  between the two rounds candidates could step back to avoid the spoiler effect . 
  now it 's one round fptp . 
  compensation : until 2010 only the votes of the losing candidates were added to the votes of their party . 
  since 2014 , however , the difference between the winner and the second best candidate is added to the winner 's party list . 
  it * sounds * fair , but again , spoiler effect maximized : in case of a 40-30-20-10 split the winner only gets 10 % of the votes added to the list , whereas in case of a 40-20-20-20 split they get 20 % . 
  the more equally fractured the opposition , the better for them . 
  increasing the weight of the individual districts : until 2010 it was 176 individual districts and 210 party lists . 
  in 2014 it became 106 individual vs. 93 party list votes . 
  as i mentioned , it 's one-round fptp which is the worst election system ever ; fidesz got 90 % of the districts with 45 % of the votes . 
  you 're seeing philosophy where there is none . 
  you assume that we like the uk more than the us . 
  nope , we do n't have special feelings towards either country . 
  even if we like the uk somewhat more than the us , it 's usually not a huge difference . 
  the main purpose of a language is communication , and the difference is not enough to justify using a uk-based dialect ( and thus make the communication with others less clear ) when we have had much more exposure to us dialects and we 're communicating with more americans than brits . 
  the ones who actually like the uk much more than the us will obviously speak / write in a uk-dialect . 
  the us is constantly shitting on mexico , yet when an american learns spanish , it 's generally the mexican dialect , not castilian . 
  why ? 
  exposure . 
  same thing here , except that the exposure to us english is n't a result of geographical vicinity . 
  +1 : american pronunciation and intonation is easier . 
  note that for the vast majority of europeans english is a second language . 
  if you 're learning a foreign language , you will learn the dialect you 're exposed to most of the time , and unless you restrict yourself to uk-made media , it will be us english . 
  us : why do you guys call lorries trucks ? 
  ( for the record , i speak / write mostly us english . ), 
  from wiktionary : [ origin obscure . 
  perhaps from english dialectal lurry ( `` to lug or pull about , drag '' ) . 
  perhaps of north germanic origin , related to norwegian lurja , lorja , lerja ( `` wet , shapeless lump '' ) , norwegian lura ( `` cow-dung '' ) , see lurt . 
  perhaps of latin origin , related to french lourd ( `` heavy '' ) . 
  ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/lorry ) i think the french origin is the most likely , but whatever . 
  it 's not overpopulated . 
  hell , a more severe problem imo is that the american population is scattered over a wider area , requiring cars to get around , which consequently led to the whole country being designed around cars ... cars that can only use irreplaceable , non-renewable ( well , it 's being renewed , just at a 0.00001 % or lower rate ) , polluting , greenhouse-gas-emitting fuel . 
  which would be less of a problem if there were fewer people , true , but it 's not the size of the population that is the problem , it 's the distribution . 
  usually 12 hour . 
  sometimes 13-24 are printed as an inner ring . 
  there are 24 hour clocks , but they are rare , more of a novelty item . 
  we usually only use the 24-hour time in writing . 
  true , but he probably wo n't have to interact with a lot of old people who do n't speak english . 
  especially if he were doing a phd at an international university ( like u maastricht or erasmus u ) . 
  it 's still polite to learn dutch ( i 'm learning it anyway ) , but it 's actually hard because you 're not forced to . 
  every time someone notices that i 'm a foreigner , they switch to english , even if i try to speak dutch . 
  / r/iwantout your best bet is the uk , though you might try to do a phd in the netherlands , several universities offer english-language courses and you can get away with not speaking dutch because almost everyone speaks english at some degree ( though it 's polite to learn ) . 
  well , compared to that germany is definitely better . 
  in w-europe generally if you work and do n't do anything blatantly illegal , you 'll be left alone . 
  but it 's not heaven . 
  depends on where you 're from . 
  most european countries have stricter restrictions on the freedom of speech and press than the us ( especially regarding hate speech , using symbols of dictatorial regimes , etc. . . ) but you 're extremely unlikely to be persecuted or prosecuted for anything ( most countries require hate speech to be public , and as for symbols , there are several allowed uses ( i.e. 
  historic and artistic ) , you 'll only get punished for using them outside of these - publishing a picture of a nazi rally with swastikas on it - ok , marching with a swastika armband - not ok , except for historic recreations ) . 
  freedom of press is a bit more iffy , there are some laws that are open to interpretation and can force self-censorship , and some governments use the nominally independent tax authority as a punitive measure ( = they keep harassing the company that publishes material the government does n't like ) . 
  `` real democracy '' - what do you consider `` real democracy '' ? 
  european countries practice representative democracy . 
  switzerland is the closest to a direct democracy , but even that is not 100 % direct . 
  many countries implement first-past-the-post or hybrid systems as well . 
  there are also inequalities between the weight of the votes - * usually * not as seriously as in the us ( where california , new york and florida have 500k + people per elector and wisconsin has 140k ) but there are still differences ( hungary : current maximum 110k , minimum 80k ) . 
  and of course there is rampant gerrymandering . 
  most european countries have stronger social nets , but we sacrifice financial freedom for it ( = taxes ) . 
  there are generally limitations on welfare , and you probably wo n't live luxuriously on it . 
  if your goal is absolute freedom , the us is still a somewhat better bet . 
  if your goal is welfare , europe is better . 
  but you ca n't really have both . 
   i 'd say far right parties are mostly against mass immigration from arab countries . 
  for now . 
  once they get enough support to get into government , they will get back to their old rhetoric . 
  `` studiefinanciering '' ( [ angolul inf\u00f3 ] ( https://duo.nl/particulieren/international-student/student-finance/how-does-it-work.asp ) ) . 
  so is serbia or greece . 
  the thing is , the refugees probably want to work . 
  who knows how long the war in syria will last ? 
  it could be over in months or it could last for a decade . 
  and who knows who will win ? 
  right now there are two main factions , isis and assad , the former being ... well , isis , and the latter is a murderous asshole dictator who brutally disbanded peaceful protests , tortured dissenters , etc. . . 
  so the refugees might be stuck outside for years . 
  i guess they do n't want to live in tent camps and container houses for who knows how long only to return after the war ( assuming it will ever end ) with only the clothes on their back . 
  wow , who would have thought , right ? 
  they want to move to a country that has job opportunities for them , jobs that pay them enough to get the rest of their family out of syria / refugee camps . 
  jobs that let them save up so that if they can return , they could have a home and a life . 
  and countries that actually welcome them . 
  hungary and serbia are n't such countries . 
  germany is . 
  my point exactly , craft beers are far from exclusive to america ( though the popularity of craft beers across the pond might have helped to revitalize the european scene ; all of the breweries in rotterdam are fairly new ) . 
  there are probably a lot more breweries than i know , but craft beers are not exported as much . 
  they are usually way too hoppy . 
  i do n't mind beers with a stronger taste , but arrogant bastard , for example , is far too bitter for me . 
  i know , i know , stone brewing fans , `` i 'm not worthy '' . 
  also , there is quite a craft beer scene brewing ( pun intended ) in europe too . 
  just here ( rotterdam ) there are 3 breweries ( afaik ) , another couple in the netherlands ( probably the most famous is de molen ) , several breweries in the uk , spain , and for the last 5 years there has been a craft beer festival in budapest too . 
  while they make ipas , they generally offer a larger selection of beers . 
  tl ; dr : they are not bad , but they tend to equate strong hoppy taste with high quality , which is not exactly right . 
  that is definitely annoying . 
  but since then i found the most annoying phrase . 
  which , according to their definition , `` profit that does n't go in our pockets '' . 
  where should i even begin ... 
  and greece . 
  or maybe the us , their `` every man for himself '' mindset is not that different from the hungarian way . 
  the hungarian dub is generally great too , especially because they did some cultural translation instead of the blind translation that is usual today and because [ he was the voice of bud spencer ] ( http://www.klonok.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/kl_bud-bujtor1.jpg ) ( he even wrote and acted in some movies similar to the piedone-series , in fact it was bud spencer who suggested him that he should make them ) . 
  yes , they are italian actors . 
  mostly played in crime / western comedies . 
  the humor in the movies was 1/3 slapstick fights , 1/3 their chemistry and 1/3 extremely quotable lines . 
  it 's essentially the us cleaning up their own mess .
