  the hungarian-hun kinship is n't exactly a proven fact ( hungary comes from the bastardization of `` onugor '' , meaning `` ten tribes '' in an ancient turk language ) , despite what the hungarian nationalists might tell you . 
  hungarians are ... smart . 
   hungarians are ... racist . 
  erm ... hungarians are ... asian . 
  you assume that the people rioting are aware of the possible consequences of state bankruptcy . 
  they are probably the same people who would say things like `` if the government does n't have enough money , why do n't they print more ? 
  as for hungary : the `` progressives '' are arguing with each other . 
  dk , ferenc gyurcs\u00e1ny 's new party is open to cooperation , but his person alone would cause a 5 % popularity drop , so no one is willing to cooperate . 
  mszp ( the socialist party ) is in a complete disarray after their defeat in 2010 , lmp ( the liberal-ish party ) does n't want to cooperate with them ( they learned from the mistakes of the szdsz , the previous liberal party that cooperated with mszp and perished during the 2006-2010 cycle ) - well , at least until they will be the more popular party . 
  and more than half of the population is completely apathetic . 
  error 404 , no given fucks found . 
  this is a multi-layered issue , but the basic reason is corporate greed . 
  there are networks of companies that are owned by the same company ( t-mobile , vodafone and telenor come to mind ) . 
  they * could * provide cheap roaming and international calls . 
  however there are n't a lot of people who use roaming / call international regularly . 
  four groups of people could be differentiated : 1 . 
  those who do n't roam a lot / at all , use other networks only on vacation thus spend 95 % of their time on the home network . 
  when they are on a foreign network , they try to minimize their cell phone usage . 
  the companies * might * be able to acquire more profit if they lowered their roaming and data roaming prices , but it 's uncertain . 
  those who travel a lot to one specific country ( middle-managers of multinational companies , people living on the borders , etc. . . ) . 
  they usually have two cell phones or an unlocked phone and two sim cards . 
  lowering the prices might actually * decrease * the revenue from these people as they would terminate one of the contracts . 
  those who travel a lot . 
  they either have a company phone or are just so rich that they can afford data roaming . 
  as with the previous case , decreasing the prices would decrease the profit . 
  people who are living abroad or have a family / friends who live abroad ( i 'll probably join their ranks this fall ) . 
  skype was invented for them . 
  i 'll just convert my hungarian contract ( it 's 3 years old , so no etf ) to a pre-paid one ( to keep the number when i visit home ) , get a contract in the netherlands and use skype to make calls . 
  i might even invest in a skypein number / skypeout credits . 
  there 's also the issue of different tarifs in countries with different socioeconomic variables . 
  unless every country has the same average wage , eu-wide tarifs do n't make any sense . 
  i 'd love to see eu-wide providers , but it wo n't happen unless the mobility of workforce increases ( prompting a greater demand for cheap roaming and international calls ) . 
  / r/iwantout, 
  yeah ... no one says the winner cheated , no one wants to re-count the votes - we 're not used to this kind of thing here . 
  half of what he says in czech is swearing , and the other half is fourth-wall breaking , right ? 
  and some have it in the bathroom , and some have a separate hookup in a closet . 
  the right wing is whining about decreasing birthrates , the left wing is whining about unemployment caused by automation , both are real problems * that will solve each other well before children who are born today enter the workforce * . 
  if birth rates suddenly increased to sustaining or growing levels ( 2.1 and above ) , then we would have actually worsened both of these problems !, 
  first , someone has to care for these children . 
  the problem with an aging population is n't simply a `` more old people '' problem , it 's a `` more dependents , fewer dependees '' problem . 
  an increased birth rate would add a lot of children to this system for at least two decades , and it would definitely pull some people from the workforce ( most likely the mothers , especially in hungary ) . 
  and that is only the people who elect to become stay-at-home parents . 
  the increased birth rate would also overtax the education system , which would respond with hiring more teachers - meaning that an even larger portion of the population would depend on public money - and/or returning to or conserving frontal education which is obsolete and shitty , but relatively conservative regarding the teacher-hours/student rate . 
  and then what happens when these children grow up ? 
  they will enter the workforce in 18-25 years . 
  automation is already taking over a bunch of jobs ( i would know ; i 'm one of the people helping machines to do that ) . 
  in 25 years the problem these people were born to solve - namely the retiring baby boomers and equivalent generations - wo n't exist , and they will have to compete with robots for an even larger number of jobs . 
  if we had a time machine , or at least a transtemporal radio , and we could tell the governments of 25 years ago to start working on the birth rates ? 
  sure . 
  except they would n't have needed messages from the future , because this was entirely foreseeable , and they still did n't give a shit . 
  but doing it now would be insane . 
  - `` break a hand and a leg ! '', 
  english , german , latin and spanish . 
  german in hungary is the second most popular language after english because austria is next door and germany is hungary 's most important trading partner . 
  latin is only taught in religious schools and some other weird-ass schools like where i learned it , and spanish in high school is fairly rare ( in fact , most schools do n't even have teachers who teach something besides english and german ) . 
  as for when and how i was taught these : * english in grades 1-4 was entirely elective ( and ultimately ineffective , because each year we got a new teacher , a new book , and started over from zero ) . 
  some other kids ( or rather , parents ) picked german , with similar results . 
  * in grades 5-6 i attended a 8-year * gymnasium * with a focus on languages . 
  german was compulsory ( for half of the students , the others learned english ) in 10 classes per week , so was latin * from grade 7 i attended a normal 6-year * gymnasium * . 
  in these grades one language was compulsory , and i was learning english again - and again , it was completely ineffective because both the size of the group and the differences in level . 
  one ca n't teach a group of 20 in only 2 \\* 45 minutes a week , where the group contains both people who can barely introduce themselves and people who are at b1-b2 level . 
  ( my english is mostly self-taught , watching stargate atlantis and house md in the original language without subtitles did a lot more than the 6 years of english in school . ), 
  ultimately , i ended up testing out both because it was useless and because up until 2005 , if you had a b2-level language exam , you automatically got a 100 % advanced level graduation exam assuming you had completed all the required grades from the given language . 
  we ultimately got the principal to split the group by skill by grade 9 which improved the level of education somewhat , but i was so much ahead of even that group by then that it did n't quite matter for me . 
  * in grade 9 a second language was compulsory . 
  originally the school wanted the traditional system of english-learners picking up german and german-learners picking up english , but many people in the german group spoke some english already ( either self-taught or through private classes ) . 
  and while i was the only one in the english group speaking german , many of the others simply did n't like the language . 
  the school had a spanish teacher anyway , so we ended up learning spanish . 
  ( frankly , since in 2005 i also tested out of german , i could have just had no language classes at all , but i rather preferred to use the opportunity . ), 
  nw ( around sopron and gy\u0151r ) . 
  mostly because half of the population is working in austria , and half of the rest is providing services to austrians . 
  all of the government propaganda channels are funded with public money . 
  even those that are not officially state owned . 
  sadly , hungary . 
  especially if you go outside the touristy and university areas of budapest . 
  in hungary 50 + % of the people voted on parties other than fidesz . 
  fidesz still had 2/3rds of the seats for a while , and thus absolute power ( until they lost a district in a midterm ) . 
  according to their fans , it 's a natural outcome of the system . 
  according to the opposition it 's a failure of democracy . 
  both are right , as the new system was designed by fidesz alone , and contains every dirty trick to maximize the number of seats they get versus a fractured opposition ( short of converting the system to a fully fptp-based individual district system , possibly because such a system might actually push the opposition into cooperating with each other ) . 
  there 's already a law like this in hungary ( except it 's 18 ) . 
  nobody gives a shit , kids who want to smoke either get someone over 18 to buy them a pack , or just buy smokes smuggled in from ukraine , romania or serbia ( they are cheaper , too ) . 
  budapest : it 's a real patchwork . 
  * until 10 years ago : [ ganz uv ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ganz_uv ) , i used to travel on this pos daily . 
  * [ ganz csmg ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ganz_csmg ) , and its renovated subtype the kcsv-7 * [ \u010ckd tatra t5c5 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c4%8ckd_tatra_t5c5 ) and its modernized versions , t5c5k and t5c5k2 * [ siemens combino supra ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/avenio ) or avenio , the budapest-type was the longest passenger tram in the world upon its introduction . 
  it services the busiest tram lines in the world . 
  * [ caf urbos-3 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/urbos ) rotterdam : * a unified fleet of [ alstom citadis 302 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alstom_citadis ) trams . 
  northeast and north . 
  high unemployment combined with no education and barely any tourism outside the biggest cities . 
  the two-tailed dog party . 
  free beer and eternal life for everyone !, 
  i do n't hate it , but even the modern far right seems to have taken both the turul and the stripes as symbols , and thus everybody not far-right will be at least a bit wary about using them . 
  the [ turul ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turul ) , which looks badass , but unfortunately we do n't have an idea what actual bird it is meant to be . 
  it was also used by the nationalist groups before / during ww2 , so there are some negative connotations to it . 
  there are also the best-known hungarian dogs , the puli ( the small rasta-dog , frequently mistaken for a mop ) and the vizsla ( medium-sized short-haired hunting dog ) . 
  those are cute , and fortunately not over-bred ( yet ) . 
   i had never encountered a street preacher in europe there 's usually one in front of amsterdam centraal . 
  send over everyone who can speak arabic to help with processing the applications of refugees both inside the eu , and in the refugee camps . 
  especially those who can speak it well enough to tell levantene apart from other dialects . 
  also , they could realize that toppling a dictatorship and establishing a stable democracy is a multi-decade social engineering process , and if they are n't prepared to spend the next few decades in the country making sure that another extremist group does n't take over , refrain from `` liberating '' dictatorships .
