  regardless , it was often enforced by peer pressure , with married women who did n't wear it being considered loose for wanting to appear unwed . 
  much like how it is enforced among muslims in western countries . 
  neither does germany , afaik . 
  i 'm ok with banning non-protective face covering in public places with some obvious exceptions ( like carnival ) . 
  but banning the hijab and other traditional muslim clothing would go against the secularism of the state . 
  and using threats of violence to force a woman to wear such clothing , or force them to stay at home ( if the burqa and/or the niqab is banned ) is already banned by the vast majority of european legal systems . 
  there were periods in hungary when it was customary for married women to wear a headscarf . 
  and no , not during the turkish occupation , but much more recently ; some elderly women still wear one , especially in the countryside . 
  we even have an expression for getting married that translates to `` ties her head in a headwrap '' , and a somewhat antiquated expression for bareheaded that translates to `` unwed-headed '' . 
  it 's just a custom . 
  ( i just wish they invented a version of the hijab that does n't block peripheral vision ; here in rotterdam the muslim female drivers are scaring the crap out of me sometimes . ), 
  yep , and even in rotterdam old cars were banned from the city centers . 
  of course there are plenty of people protesting against it , even claiming that them continuing to drive their 40-year-old gas guzzler is somehow more environmentally friendly than getting a new car that consumes a third of the fuel , but alas . 
  idiots are everywhere . 
  which is quite a problem if this happens to the den haag - venlo train , and you want to catch the amsterdam - maastricht train in eindhoven . 
  and the same in the opposite direction . 
  but yeah , i still have no reason to complain , in hungary delays under 15 minutes are n't even posted . 
  then there are the parts where there is a single pair of tracks ( like both coasts of the lake balaton ) , which means that a `` stoptrein '' being 5 minutes late at 8am will completely fuck up the entire train schedule of western hungary by 2pm ... 
  there are 3-4 of them in the parking garage attached to the office building i work in ( rotterdam ) . 
  i usually see another 3-4 on my commute . 
  no , it 's not . 
  it 's one of my favorite cities to visit . 
  getting around is extremely easy , architecture is nice , and prices are still ok . 
  how do they exactly propose to stop terrorism with backdoors when a random guy with some java experience can whip up a pgp implementation for android in an afternoon ? 
  this is again something that will only affect law-abiding citizens . 
  they can take my encryption sebz zl pbyq , qrnq unaqf . 
  it would be a significantly smaller effort in turkey though . 
  `` only '' the checks and balances have to be restored ( and strengthened ) , with human and civil rights being guaranteed by an unchangeable part of the constitution . 
  they should be free to elect a populist dick , as long as said populist dick ca n't cement himself by taking total control over the courts , education , media , etc. . . 
  you ca n't just destroy a dictatorship and hope that the people living under the dictator for decades will just spontaneously build a democracy . 
  it 's a massive social engineering effort . 
  depends on what they leave behind . 
  the intervention in iraq was a major fuckup , because the us did n't realize that , in order to create a democratic and orderly country , the occupation should last for at least a generation , and that in the first years it should have been a democracy with training wheels . 
  in turkey though ... unpredictable , and depends on the exact form of intervention . 
  diplomatic sanctions might just end up strengthening erdogan ( populists love when there is an `` enemy '' attacking them ) , military intervention is , let 's just say , ill-advised , and it 's too late to covertly support his opposition . 
  sure , so it 's a-ok for erdogan to destroy his opposition because the majority of the people support him ? 
  give me a fucking break . 
  i 'm not saying a nato-supported coup is in order , just that there is more to democracy than a leader with popular support . 
  there are some subtle differences between democracy and tyranny of majority . 
  `` democratic values '' and `` purged '' only two sentences apart . 
  wow . 
  `` better foreign secretary than boris johnson '' ... well , that 's not what i 'd call a high bar to jump . 
  this was n't about `` affiliated with islam '' , it was about `` funded by saudi arabia '' . 
  which is somewhat easier to hide . 
  they are no longer mosques , they are , say , cultural centers . 
  the saudis can also simply funnel the money through french citizens instead of funding the mosques directly . 
  and the radicalization itself does n't even happen in the mosques themselves . 
  they are useful for finding people receptive to their ideology , but the actual radicalization / recruitment is done outside , frequently by people with no official ties to the mosque or sa . 
  such a ban can be circumvented with ridiculous ease . 
  yeah , but what 's the point of living without pindakaas anyway ? 
  for someone with a peanut allergy , that 's an entirely possible way to die . 
  one declension might be useful for precision , but five is just unnecessary . 
  ( grammatical gender is completely insane in the first place ... ), 
  yeah , we 'd have other problems . 
  like 5 declensions , lots of different conjugations , etc. . . 
  it 's easier if your country borders both . 
  but there are a grand total of 2 of those countries , so ... 
  oh , this attitude has firmly sunk its teeth into our buttcheeks a long time ago . 
  news like this are just when it tightens its grip a bit to draw more blood . 
  three things are guaranteed in life : death , taxes , and pension growth . 
  that is , until the pension system finally collapses . 
  at least most of the countries mentioned in the article have some mandatory private retirement funds that alleviate the problem ( you 're not only paying into the current pensioners ' pensions , but your own future pension as well ) . 
  but former socialist countries do n't usually have such systems in place ( hungary had one , until the current government `` saved '' it in 2011 ) . 
  it will be a shitstorm within 5 years . 
  yep . 
  nato is a great * defense * , but once in a while force projection is necessary . 
  a liberal democracy is , by definition , a democracy with those civil liberties intact . 
  before hungary became a liberal democracy in 1989 , you did n't have those liberties . 
  they are being gradually taken away even today , but it 's just so gradual you do n't really notice it . 
  economic liberties are taken away sector by sector . 
  there was the tobacco shop scandal , now tourism is being centralized , etc. . . and the personal economic freedom was also severely curtailed by the theft of the private retirement funds . 
  sure , people could stay in them , but the government threatened those who elected to stay : they said that those people still had to pay into the state-funded retirement system , but wo n't get any retirement money from the state . 
  you do n't notice the ideological freedom thing , because it does n't affect you . 
  but maybe ask the teachers whose health insurance was suspended for going on a strike about that . 
  shit like this did n't happen during the previous government . 
  or the schools which got an ideologically compatible principal sat in their necks despite the protests of the teachers , the students and the parents . 
  or the newspapers that have to self-censor because otherwise they would be subject to highly disruptive `` random '' tax examinations . 
  there 's also wholescale brainwashing going on in schools , including religion . 
  yeah , parents can choose `` ethics '' classes , which is religious education with the serial numbers filed off . 
  and the teachers ca n't choose another book if they do n't like it , because that would be too `` liberal '' . 
  oh , and there is also the bunch of sanctimonious cunts called kdnp who are pushing for religion-inspired laws despite public opposition . 
  speaking of books . 
  the restriction of books teachers can use left them with only a few shitty books to teach from . 
  it also fucked one of the most successful and internationally acclaimed publisher , who are now trying to survive by selling their books abroad . 
  but that 's ok , it was what the previous government did , right ? 
  except not . 
  there was much less propaganda going on during the leftist governments . 
  live and let live was the word . 
  a character assassination against the pm on the scale it was done in 2006 is basically unimaginable today , and not because the pm has a much ( or any ) better character . 
  you sound pretty young , but i remember pretty vividly . 
  the left-wing newspapers were n't full of ( paid ) government propaganda , the streets were n't full of messages to immigrants or brussels ( strictly in hungarian , of course ) , mti was considered a reliable source of news , mtva did n't have five ( or how many today ? ), 
  channels pushing propaganda , reporters were n't banned from much of the parliament , etc. . . oh , and the government did n't start propaganda websites for hundreds of millions , and did n't help their pet oligarch buy one of the successful commercial tv stations ( which immediately started airing unfiltered propaganda ) , etc. . . 
  but the freedoms i mentioned are n't necessarily freedoms the current `` illiberal '' regime has taken away . 
  these are freedoms that the previous authoritarian regimes have taken away , or at least restricted severely . 
  you know , the commies and the fascists . 
  authoritarian dicks never stop at just getting rich , they want everyone to either think what they are telling them , or shut up . 
  sure , if you were already thinking within the lines acceptable for the system , it will be a pleasant echo chamber where your beliefs are never challenged , but, 
  that strong support is among the decided voters . 
  the majority are undecided . 
  in the 2014 elections fidesz got 44 % of the votes , which amounted to only 27 % of the total adult population .
