  if guns are made illegal , then only criminals will have guns . 
  biodiesel and ethanol ( most gasoline-fueled cars can be reconfigured to ethanol ) are carbon-neutral , the problem is the massive space requirements . 
  if we somehow managed to make them from , say , algae ... 
  sure , but 500k hungarians outside the borders ( who could then be reasonably moved to hungary via population-exchange programs ) would have given much less fuel to the revisionists than 5 million . 
  anyway , i 'm aware of the economic issues . 
  i voted against this government , both on the ballots and with my feet , like another half million ( or what 's the current number now ? 
  might be closer to a whole million already ... ) . 
  i ca n't do much more than that . 
  hell , that statistic would be much more dreadful if we did n't spend some of our money in hungary . 
  let me rephrase : with the intention of minimizing the size of ethnic minorities ( and thus the ethnic tensions ) in all affected countries . 
  he might not be in power . 
  had the borders been drawn along the ethnic borders , the nationalists would have been much weaker , especially before and during wwii . 
  which would have meant that hungary would n't have been a willing ally to germany , which might have led to churchill trying to enforce the yalta agreement with stalin ( which would have put hungary under a 50/50 allied-soviet control ) ... 
  but what-ifs are futile to argue about outside fiction . 
  if mathias corvinus had a legitimate son , moh\u00e1cs would have happened quite differently , the ottoman invasion would have been stopped there and then , budapest would n't have had to be liberated by the austrians and there never would have been an austria-hungary . 
  if hungarians had n't abandoned light cavalry , they would have been able to stand up to the mongol invasion much better , and the country would be much more homogeneous . 
  if hungary had n't had a significantly larger percentage of minor nobility right from the start ( stephen i had to ennoble a lot of people to ensure his control over a population that was n't used to feudal hierarchy ) , there would have been much less infighting and a much more stable monarchy . 
  etc. . . 
  budapest is n't seriously in the running though . 
  it 's one part theft ( even if there is 0 chance of the olympics being held here , there will be a fuckload of extremely expensive `` studies '' , new and upgraded sport facilities for triple price , maybe they will even expropriate some of the intended building sites in advance , only to sell them for peanuts to some oligarch after a failed bid then rezone them as residential / commercial ) and one part campaign . 
  yeah , you can just go and chill there for 200 years . 
  turkish nationalists are apparently not the sharpest tools in the shed . 
  yeah , but all my life i was hearing that the air quality of the randstad in general and rotterdam specifically was horrible . 
  i was n't really feeling it here ( maybe in the rush hour a bit ) , but this just confirmed that it was bs . 
  even then , there is some kind of an air quality improvement ordinance starting in january 1 , banning older cars ( pre-2001 diesels and pre-1992 gasoline and lpg-driven cars ) from entering the inner city ( it was already in effect for trucks ) . 
  http://aqicn.org/map/europe/#@g/50.0542/8.2879/6z huh , rotterdam is surprisingly clean . 
  but yeah , [ krakow is pretty bad ] ( http://aqicn.org/city/krakow/ ) . 
   better never be number one ,, 
   better never be number one , but somewhere in the top 10 would be okay . 
  vienna is regularly picked as the most livable city in the world by mercer ( it 's been the # 1 since at least 2010 ) . 
  get your shit together !, 
  [ `` hill '' ] ( https://i.imgur.com/jnn6qv4.jpg ) the tower is already in belgium . 
  but the restaurant on the dutch side serves a mean burger ... it must have at least a half-pound patty , for $ 15 or so in a menu . 
  obviously , i 'm not defending the cowards . 
  i think it was general patton who said : `` if you get into a fair fight , you screwed up the planning . '', 
  because rotterdam already has some crazy-ass architecture , like the [ cube houses ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/32/case_a_cubo_%28kubuswoningen%29_2.jpg ) , the [ blaaktoren a.k.a. 
  the pencil house ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0f/rotterdam_potlood_kubuswoningen.jpg ) , the [ markthal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/market_hall_ ( rotterdam \\ ) ) , etc. . . 
  it would be right at home in rotterdam . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  once the alarm goes off , you turn it off and go back to sleep . 
  i have used alarm apps that force you to solve maths , but i 've gotten too good at that and could solve them while half asleep . 
  sometimes i did n't even remember solving them and turning it off . 
  right now i have to scan a qr code that is on the other half of the apartment , but even that is getting old ; i 'll have to add other codes in other rooms to keep up the effectiveness . 
  simply speaking , there are people who are genetically predisposed to later sleep times . 
  it 's not a matter of debate , it 's a proven fact . 
  unfortunately , school and shift work are still designed with agriculture in mind , which is governed by sunlight . 
  but through school i was useless on the first class ( 8:15 ) , or even the second one . 
  the less said about the 0th classes that came in in the later years ( 7:15 ) , the better . 
  my university exams that were at 8 had a consistently worse grade than the ones at 10 . 
  in later years whenever i had an exam at 8 , i just slept in the day before , pulled an all-nighter before the exam and wrote it after being awake for 20 hours . 
  it was still preferable than writing it after only 3-4 hours of sleep ( regardless of when i went to bed , i could only sleep at 2-3 ; if i went to sleep at 22 , i just lied awake until then ) . 
  so it 's simply not how it works for 25 % of people . 
  and i ca n't imagine anyone being wide awake and chipper at 7 . 
  just no . 
  down with the tyranny of morning people !, 
  in addition to discriminating negatively against 25 % of people ( this is the prevalence of genetic eveningness - the people who ca n't adjust to an earlier sleeping and waking pattern ; 60 % of people can adjust to earlier or later sleep without difficulty and 15 % are genetically morning people ) , it would have a disastrous effect on academic performance . 
  * oh , of course it 's a kdnp ( christian democrat ) cocksucker . 
  may he fuck his whore of a mother pregnant while being impaled by the old devil with his meter-long studded dick . 
  * i might try writing for him , but it 's useless . 
  that spineless sob will do whatever his party dictates to him . 
  i will enjoy taking a dump on his and his masters ' grave . 
  american football seems to be about a bunch of people in plastic armor running around with an egg for a couple of seconds between two commercials . 
  it 's simple : * you can not extrapolate * because population trends are a chaotic system with way too many variables to account for . 
  relatively minor policy changes , such as tax breaks for part-time workers and telecommuting could increase the fertility rate of the native population , for example . 
  it 's certainly not good that 40 % of the danish muslims want some level of islamic law , but the problem should be treated with the present and the very near future in mind , not by panicking about where this trend might lead in five generations . 
  there was an article posted here about how there is a danish program for deradicalizing muslims ( and the possible causes of radicalization of second-generation immigrants , it 's an interesting read ) . 
  expanding that program should help , for one . 
  [ extrapolation ... ] ( https://xkcd.com/605/ ) try extrapolating the united states in 1900 based on the us in 1800 . 
  or any current european society based on data from 1915 . 
  islamists are the radical muslims , in this case the 40 % who want sharia . 
  you assume that every child of an islamist will be an islamist . 
  if this were true , europe would still be a christian theocracy . 
  also you assume that the difference in birth rates will remain the same for 4-5 generations . 
  this is also absurd , you ca n't predict social trends like that for the next 100 years . 
  reality check : denmark has a 3 % muslim population . 
  that means that 1.2 % of the danish population think danish law shall be based in part on the koran . 
  stop with the panic already . 
  no , why ? 
  we could theoretically get away with german and spanish , but it was an unpopular choice for obvious reasons . 
  the only guy in my class who did that learned english with private tutors . 
  in grade 9 we also had to choose a second language , and thanks to the persistent demands of the parents and the student council ( and the fact that the school happened to have a spanish teacher ) spanish was also an option . 
  but regardless , quantity has a quality of its own . 
  the main problem is that assuming groups of 20 students and 2 classes per week , there is approximately 4.5 minutes per person per week . 
  of course this is not the indicator to rule them all , but it shows that even teachers who are enthusiastic and want to teach the children properly do n't have any one-on-one time to do that . 
  and then there are teachers like the aforementioned shitty teacher who take the easy way out . 
  this could be solved by either splitting up classes to groups of 6 at most ( and even then 3 classes per week would be the lowest i 'd go ) or by having far more classes per week ( in the language-focused school there were 15 children in a group , yielding 30 minutes / child / week . 
  the teachers had time to do one-on-one , or actually monitor , help and correct the group exercises , dialogues , etc. . . even with the test and pop quizzes . 
  this could also be done with 6 kids and 3 classes ( 135 minutes ) per week , but it 's impossible with 20-22 people and 90 minutes . 
  ( as for how i would teach english ? 
  well , one thing i would try once they have a reasonably good understanding of spoken english is to show them an episode of some csi series , and after every interrogation pause and ask them to discuss who the killer is . 
  whatever , i wo n't be a teacher , i do n't like children . ), 
  in elementary we got a new teacher each year , and every teacher taught from a different book , so we started from zero again every year . 
  i do n't remember ever getting to past tense in the first four grades , let alone passive voice . 
  in high school ( gymnasium for us and the germans here on the sub ) my first teacher was horrible ( according to her teaching method , teaching english = making everyone memorize every chunk of text from the book that is longer than 3 sentences , even if they do n't understand it ) . 
  but even if she had n't been horrible , we had a group of 20 + students , some of us already basically fluent and others not having learned present perfect , and only 2 classes per week . 
  in between the two i went to a 8-year gymnasium for two years which focused on language education ( but i got sorted into the german-language class ) , i can imagine someone being taught english properly there . 
  the class was divided to groups according to skill , and there were 2 language classes every * day * . 
  ( and we had latin too . ), 
  imo that * should * be the standard ( well , not the latin ... 
  i liked it , but i would n't force kids to learn it ) in the first four years as well , especially for us because of our non-indo-european language .
