  afterwards the bomb squad checked the train , then found nothing . 
  update on the antwerp incident : [ according to the reporter of nos the package contained clothes . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/zev55b1 ) so apparently someone really just forgot his package on the train . 
  bad luck . 
  btw . 
  part of the antwerpen central train station was also closed because they found an abandoned bag . 
  [ there was a loud noise ] ( http://imgur.com/goa9ykp ) , the belgian police might have detonated it . 
  [ it 's still unknown what the package contained , but people are let in again . 
  you have n't seen bathrooms on hungarian trains yet ... 
  [ according to the twitter of the rotterdam police there was no bomb in the bag . 
  only personal items . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/politie_rdam/status/644827845810913280 ) [ one policeman injured - bitten by a police dog . 
  it is moral cowardice . 
  if a country wants them dead , then they should fucking kill them themselves instead of making their country of origin do the dirty work . 
  and it 's much easier for the judge to sentence them to deportation than to sentence them to death , even though the end result will be the same . 
  sugarcoating a death sentence as deportation is cowardly . 
  they are already backing orb\u00e1n , who is basically wilders in power . 
  right . 
  so it 's moral cowardice * and * basically death penalty . 
  if we ever start doing this , we should restore death penalty instead . 
  so that the politicians who vote it in and the judges who sentence people to die should live with actually killing people , instead of just sending them to a country that we know will kill them then continuing the `` our superior european morality does n't allow death penalty , see ? '', 
  circlejerk . 
  i fucking hate hypocrisis , you know , and deporting people to die because our laws do n't allow us to kill them ourselves would be the biggest one ever . 
  so death penalty , but we 're washing our hands . 
  so i should stop learning dutch and start packing . 
  when is the next election ? 
  just so i would know how much time i have until i get kicked out . 
  veto against simple majority is ok imo , it prevents one power block from using the un against another one . 
  but vetoing against a majority supported by 4/5 of the permanent members or 2/3 of the total membership should n't be possible . 
   or through the approval of said country - what if needed should be obtained . 
  libya is a failed state at the moment . 
  i do n't know if they even have any government acknowledged by the un , and even if they do , it 's probably the same guys whose troops were bombed by france . 
  so that would n't be simple . 
  depends , if the hardware is located in switzerland then the ai would have a limited swiss citizenship under their equivalent of the act of ' 53 . 
  by improving the conditions in refugee camps in turkey and jordan , they are removing an incentive for refugees to head to europe , hence helping with the refugee crisis in europe . 
  the majority of this is probably going to go to unhcr to keep the refugee camps operational ( unhcr is only 40 % funded , so there is a food and water shortage and barely any healthcare ) . 
  it 's significantly cheaper . 
   we should trust their democratic processes and their parliaments . 
  i literally laughed at this . 
  * we * do n't even trust them !, 
  a fucking * bot * managed to buy a hungarian passport a couple of months ago . 
  edit : source : http://www.zmescience.com/other/art-other/robot-breaks-law-drugs-online-053534/, 
  maybe they 'll catch an actual jedi this time . 
  and the two-tailed dog party would finally get around to building a mountain in szeged using the remaining dirt ? 
  more , actually . 
  they are also somewhat more reluctant to leave their country , given that they still have a life there that was n't bombed to shit . 
  first , everyone rtfa . 
  he is not talking about the current crisis only , he is talking about housing everyone from outside europe who lives in a war zone ( which is a lot more ) . 
  well , that much is true . 
  however , this current crisis is only a rehearsal of what is to come . 
  we have fucked up the climate and in the next decades there will be hundreds of millions of climate refugees . 
  hopefully they can be resettled in sparsely populated regions that become arable ( like siberia , alaska and rural canada ) , but some of them will want to come to europe . 
  and even only 10 % of , say , 100 million people will be a much larger strain on europe than the current crisis . 
  we must provide easier legal immigration for qualified people starting from ... honestly , yesterday . 
  social engineering is hard , especially in other countries where you ca n't directly influence policy , but maybe a chance for a life in the first world will be a good enough incentive for education in the third ? 
  and education is the best way to raise the quality of life , reduce the birth rate and poverty , so even if only the best of the best will be allowed into europe , the rest would have fewer incentives to leave their country . 
  maybe . 
  if you assume an unlimited supply of syrians and 0 german births , yeah . 
  but it 's not quite how that works ... 
  you 're too late , orb\u00e1n had the same idea two days ago . 
   government is now talking about kicking students out of student dorms to house merkel and juncker 's refugees . 
  if they stole less , they would be able to house the refugees without kicking anyone out of their dorms . 
  but they need to set the population against refugees - having an external enemy is a great distraction and setting up false dilemmas like that is the best way to do it . 
  mission accomplished , i guess . 
  i 'm sure as hell not going to , not in germany at least . 
  but they just introduced a federal minimal wage ( germany is a federation ) . 
  so no , those wages wo n't drop further . 
  also , it 's not 7 % of young people who are unemployed , it 's 7 % of young people who are not students . 
  also , more people are retiring in germany than entering the workforce . 
  simply speaking , germany has a labor shortage that would be getting worse without the refugees and immigrants . 
  in fact , refugees and immigrants prevent outsourcing which would increase unemployment a lot more . 
  welcome to globalization , enjoy your stay !, 
  they already have to compete with a bunch of e-europeans where youth unemployment is even higher . 
  source : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/country-list/youth-unemployment-rate poland 20 % , slovakia 24 % , hungary 18 % , romania 23 % , bulgaria 18 % , and these people are much more likely to speak german than syrian refugees . 
  i can only speak for hungary , but ~ 2/3 of hungarian young people want to work abroad . 
  the uk is the most popular destination , but the second most popular is germany . 
  i 'd assume it 's similar in other countries too . 
  `` ca n't find a job '' is more like `` wo n't work for what is offered '' . 
  5 % total and 7 % youth unemployment is the lowest in the eu . 
  source : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/unemployment-rate the long term unemployment rate is only 2.2 % , and there are almost 600 thousand vacancies ( with companies pledging to expand in order to accommodate the refugees ) . 
  besides , i could only quote louis ck : `` of course foreigners steal your job ... but maybe if someone without contacts , money or speaking the language steals your job , you 're shit ! '', 
  turkey : 9.3 % total unemployment , 18.7 % youth unemployment . 
  germany : 4.7 % total unemployment , 7 % youth unemployment . 
  it gets suspended in most countries , yeah . 
  in the us only men have to register for the draft , and in european countries conscription is also a `` male privilege '' , and it would get reintroduced in case of a land war in europe ( hungary , for example , `` abolished '' conscription by setting the target number to 0 and it would only take a simple majority to raise it again ) . 
  afaik only israel has conscription for women . 
  [ according to a 2001 data ] ( http://www.unicef.org/gender/files/syria-gender-eqaulity-profile-2011.pdf ) the mean age of marriage in syria for men was 29 years . 
  that means that half of them married earlier ( if we assume age of first marriage follows a normal distribution with a six-sigma value of 11 , that is , it 's between 18 and 40 for 99 % of the population - any other distribution would increase the number of syrian men married under 30 , unless there is a large peak at 18 and a much larger at 31 ) . 
  that is , assuming that they are the husbands of the women and fathers of the children they want to fly in once they get their refugee status . 
  if we allow for them to be the oldest sons of families ( esp . 
  if their father is dead ) , it becomes even more likely that they will bring women with them through reunification , but let 's stick with married men now . 
  young men are also overrepresented among the combatants remaining in syria . 
  now i 'm just basing this on human psychology , but i think men with dependents are more likely to get them across a border to safety than to stay and fight . 
  these would lead to the conclusion that many of the young males actually have a family . 
  but as i said , let 's wait for the statistics . 
  i think that would mostly happen once the war seems to be coming to and end . 
  which is not exactly the situation right now . 
  hell , the west is considering supporting assad ( the guy who is bombing his own people ) ... unless he agrees to have a huge un peacekeeping contingent in the country , most sunni refugees will request political asylum . 
  refugees do n't get to vote until they acquire citizenship , which wo n't be until well after the next elections . 
  also , they are less than 1 % of the population .
