  this must have distorted the data horribly . 
  multiply this with the percentage of english speakers according to census data and you 'll get something that 's at least in the same ballpark as reality . 
  after 20 + james bond movies they are still surprised ? 
  they 'll probably perform under 5 % , taking away votes - and thus seats - from jobbik . 
  i would n't really worry about them . 
  they had the [ arengo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arengo ) until 1243 when it was replaced by the grand and general council , elected by the people . 
  it 's not like there was a massive difference between constitutional monarchies and cancellarian republics . 
  in the former the head of state with little actual power gets picked by their birth . 
  in the latter the head of state with little actual power gets elected by the parliament . 
  if the governing party shows some restraint in the latter case and elects someone together with the opposition , it 's pretty much the same - they 'll have someone who is more-or-less independent from the political parties and who will sometimes send back a law they disagree with accompanied by some comments ( but if the parliament passes it again , the head of state is usually obliged to sign it despite their reservations about it ) . 
  if the governing party is unrestrained , they will pick someone who is obviously biased towards them which might be actually worse than a hereditary position . 
  since the 13 ^ th century , actually . 
  1243 if i remember correctly . 
  no , hungarian also makes the distinction . 
  templom is strictly for the building , for the organization it 's egyh\u00e1z ( lit . 
  : one house ) . 
  yup , that too . 
  until we achieve contained , self-sustaining fusion , fission energy is our best bet . 
  of course some fuels are better than others ( thorium ) , but renewable energy sources are usually heavily restricted by the local geography and climate . 
  hell , * solar * causes more deaths than nuclear ( people falling off the roof while installing panels ) . 
   also with climate change , greenland is actually turning green . 
  . . which might be helped by nuclear energy policies that run on reason instead of fear . 
  france gets 78 % of its energy from nuclear plants , with 0 serious incidents so far . 
  hungary gets 40 % from a plant of the same design as chernobyl ( with up-to-date safety features ) , there was an incident a few years back , human error , 0 casualties , no radioactive matter released . 
  nuclear energy is incredibly safe . 
  with fossil fuels we worry about what will happen 50 years in the future . 
  with nuclear we worry about what will happen to spent fuel storage if a civilization that does n't speak 20 ^ th - 21 ^ st century languages finds it . 
  every serious nuclear incident can be attributed to human error ( tmi ) , obsolesce ( fukushima ) or both ( chernobyl ) . 
  a reactor in a geologically stable area manned by properly trained crew and equipped with up-to-date security features is one of the safest places to be in the world . 
  sorry , this ended up being a rant . 
  hungary reporting in - the only politicians who are not corrupt are the ones too stupid to comprehend the lobbyists ' offers . 
  19/20 , i do n't speak swedish but i 'm an expert at assembling ikea furniture ( and not opposed to death metal either ) . 
  yeah , i was talking about hungary . 
  dutchies have a way easier time learning german ( and conversely , germans can learn dutch easily ; at my university there are two kinds of dutch courses , one for germans and one for everybody else ) . 
  it 's mostly because germany and austria are our most important economic partners . 
  actually i would n't be surprised . 
  yeah , but i could n't navigate through the official site . 
  i have managed to acquire an ov-card and a digiid , but i have no idea how to get the free train part . 
  which made me realize that since i have worked enough in the last months , i should apply for the government grant . 
  if i get money and some free time , sure !, 
  maastricht university , dke , ai master 's . 
  we do n't have a lot of hungarians , the only one i met from the department is a bachelor student . 
  i have met some other hungarians here too ; though most of them were on 1-year master 's programs so they went home in july . 
  huh ? 
  i only saw sweet stuff in the bakeries . 
  either it 's a limburgese thing or i did n't look hard enough . 
  i have already explored the beers jumbo offers . 
  in the jumbo the prices are actually good , not more expensive than in supermarkets in hungary ( especially for belgian beers , they are cheaper here ) . 
  the problem is the $ 5 pints in pubs when i go out with friends . 
  i 'll try buisman ... is it a brand or some coffee shop chain ? 
  yup , dke . 
  that was the formal version . 
  hungarian has t/v distinction and google always translates it to the v version . 
  - would be the t version . 
  ok , so i have n't really seen much of the country being a broke-ass student ( the broke dutch students are wondering how i could live from so little ) . 
  but what i 've seen in the last year : * it 's damn fucking windy . 
  should have suspected this was the case given how the popular image of the country ( at least in hungary ) is a windmill standing in the middle of a tulip field . 
  * yet , people cycle everywhere . 
  my mother was essentially shocked when she saw the bike parking in front of the maastricht train station . 
  * some people say that the dutch are cold and standoffish , but coming from hungary they are actually really nice , open and helpful . 
  * everybody speaks english . 
  i 'm trying to learn dutch and making a minimal progress ( last time on the market i did n't have to resort to english at all ) , but it makes it harder . 
  i can * read * dutch but speaking and understanding it is quite different . 
  * drinking is expensive !, 
  for the price of 2 pints of beer in a pub you 'd be blackout drunk in hungary . 
  * i really like how old-school the center of maastricht is . 
  really , if it was n't for the modern signs on the shops i would think that i traveled back to the 17th century . 
  * the dutch love their sweet pastries . 
  you can barely find any salty pastry at all . 
  * it 's herfstbok season , finally !, 
  that shit is delicious . 
  * the country is a coffee cult . 
  you can even have free coffee in the supermarkets !, 
  um ... there 's also maastricht , which is probably the largest . 
  ok , not all but all-but-one . 
  ~ 1 year ago the mayor introduced a law that banned sales for non-residents and non-dutch . 
  the coffeeshops obviously did n't give a fuck . 
  ~ 1/2 years ago every coffeeshop that sold weed to non-dutch or non-residents got closed . 
  which was all of them except one . 
  since then weed is sold and smoked on the street in broad daylight . 
  great going there , mayor dumbfuck !, 
  populist conservatives need no reason to enact a more hardliner drug policy even on a federal level since that 's what their voter base wants . 
  also , what i 'm a bit wary of has already happened in the usa . 
  there is * no * federally mandated drinking age ... however , some unrelated federal grant is bound to a drinking age of 21 . 
  i do n't see why it could n't happen in the eu if the more populous states send ~ 55-60 % conservatives to the ep . 
  thus if the eu becomes a closer federation , the federal government should have way stricter guidelines than the us or russian federal government . 
  obviously a common military and foreign policy are required beside the monetary union . 
  the eu should also have some kind of a federal economic policy to actually keep up the monetary union and to have some punch behind its foreign policy . 
  but its power should be limited to these areas . 
  i 'm pro-federal , but i think one of the best reasons against federalization is that either every state has a veto which would make it impossible to push through any federal law or federal policy would favor the states with larger populations . 
  imagine , for example , a federal drug policy ending the de-facto legality of light drugs in the netherlands and the decriminalization in portugal and the czech republic . 
  or a federally enforced drinking age of 18 making it illegal for dutch and german teens to buy beer at 16 . 
  so they did the same as we did . 
  essentially fucking over the generation that had the private funds because they sure as hell wo n't have any pension . 
  they also promised us private accounts . 
  do you think they really did that ? 
  if yes , then you 're painfully naive . 
  their private pension system * will * shut down . 
  that 's 100 % certain . 
  ah , so * that 's * what the map is ... should n't have read it without finishing my coffee .
