  instead we have pe every day and religion / ethics classes . 
  yay . 
  it became a default sub in several european countries . 
  i studied english in elementary school , but it was n't mandatory ( and i think it still is n't ) . 
  and the level of education is a fucking joke . 
  i learned more from cartoon network ( it was n't dubbed yet ) and computer games . 
   greece needs debt relief , the tough stance of her european creditors will lead nowhere ( maybe not so unpopular on reddit , but it 's pretty unpopular in denmark in general ) . 
  the tough stance is there to avoid setting the bad precedent . 
  if greece got a debt relief , every country could ask for the same . 
  also , saving face for the creditors . 
  imo the endgame of the creditors would be to get greece to implement structural reforms , then give them a repayment / interest moratorium of ~ 20-30 years while spinning up the ez inflation to a somewhat more sustainable 2 % . 
  the end result would be an effective 33-45 % debt relief even assuming 0 greek economic growth until the end of the moratorium , and an ez-wide economic growth stimulated by the inflation . 
  it wo n't be forgotten , as long as the populist parties can milk it for popular support . 
  migrants are an easy target , they look different , they speak a different language ( and it 's a language most people have only heard from terrorists in hollywood movies and threatening tapes aired on the news , to boot ) and they have a different religion thus they are very visible . 
  yet there are few enough that most people do n't have personal experience with them and they wo n't vote for at least 6 years . 
  no , not likely . 
  even the youngest presidents and prime ministers are 20-30 years older than me . 
  the average age of the us congress is 57 years , the senate is 61 . 
  the average age of the hungarian parliament is 47 years , with the two governing parties having the oldest factions , fidesz ( which ironically stands for `` alliance of ** young ** democrats '' ) has an average age of 50 , and their coalition partner the christian democrats are the oldest on average with 58 years . 
  they can expect 15 more years of life . 
  while the life expectancy in hungary for men did n't change noticeably between 1965 and 1988 , 1 . ), 
  i 'm considerably healthier than the average hungarian ( i 'm not overweight and i 'm much more physically active ) and 2 . ), 
  my family has a history of longevity . 
  so i can expect to survive them by 30-40 years , even without future advancements in medicine . 
  they will die happy and rich around 2030 or earlier , while i 'm likely to survive until the 2070s . 
  and the effects of climate change are already catastrophic . 
  just compare the size of the sahara between 1970s and now . 
  or the recent droughts , that actually led to the destabilization of syria . 
  even the permafrost is melting , which will release a lot of methane into the atmosphere , leading to an exponential deterioration of the climate situation . 
  and even if i die before that , does that make it right for them or for me to fuck over the children born today who can realistically expect to be alive in 2100 ? 
  we 're fucked because the decision makers do n't give a fuck - they will be long dead by the time the worst consequences hit , but actually doing something would lose them votes and lobby money . 
  there will be extreme weather , mass starvation and mass migration in the next century . 
  probably wars for arable land and fresh water . 
  all thanks to the shortsightedness of the politicians and the voters . 
  we 're absolutely , thoroughly fucked . 
  unlikely , that 's not how you read statistics . 
  yes , you have missed something . 
  if you search back , even in this sub you 'll see a declaration of progressive german muslim clerics about how muslims should adapt to living in the west . 
  they have a virtual party , the christian `` democrats '' ( on the last election when they went alone they got less than 4 % of votes , and thus did n't get into the parliament ) as a `` coalition partner '' , and they probably have some heavy blackmail material on orb\u00e1n . 
   basic californium autocorrect strikes again , unless you 're * very * specific about teaching the properties of a certain element in chemistry classes . 
  a plastic shell shaped like an elongated droplet could help . 
  the breads attacked first ? 
  yes , putting assad back in power would n't solve the refugee crisis , it would just reclassify them from war refugees to political refugees . 
  but that 's europe 's problem , not russia 's ( in fact , it 's a bonus for them ; as long as the european public is busy with the refugee crisis , they can do whatever they want in eastern ukraine ) . 
  or america 's , for that matter . 
  oh , for fuck 's sake , a bunch of unarmed people violating the border is not nearly at the same level as the criminals who are usually shot by the police ( who are actively endangering the lives of others ) . 
  or even entering a military complex ( and even then , you would be asked to stop and surrender first unless you 're visibly armed ; real life is not gta ) . 
  you ca n't extend the castle doctrine to an entire continent , especially if most countries do n't even have the castle doctrine . 
  the * inalienable human right to life * of the migrants is more important than the collective right of some europeans to not be inconvenienced by seeing brown people . 
  by becoming just like the people they are fleeing from . 
  a xenophobic europe where human rights do n't mean shit or have a footnote saying that `` human = born in europe '' is n't worth saving . 
  or at least you would have to kill me too , because that 's not a europe i want to live in . 
  what the fuck ? 
  most of them were already on their way when merkel `` invited '' them . 
  the trip is not cheap , especially when all the work they can do is the occasional black market job in turkey that might or might not pay in the end . 
  imo the main reason of the current influx is psychology , apparently they lost hope to ever get back to syria . 
  anyway , closing the borders is expensive and , if done humanely , likely futile . 
  if it 's done inhumanely ( shooting violators ) then we should n't be afraid of the immigrants destroying europe : we would be doing that instead . 
  improving the life in the camps ( not only food , water , shelter and healthcare because that is only survival , not living : they need some jobs and education to keep them busy , and plenty of police or peacekeepers acting as police to keep them safe ) and giving them a legal way into europe in cooperation with companies that have a hard time filling some positions would be more efficient . 
  china , the gulf states and even israel have a much worse human rights track record than europe . 
  let 's not aspire to be them , shall we ? 
  and , frankly , from their perspective it 's someone else 's problem . 
  they are coming to the eu because they want work . 
  work that they would n't find in the gulf states ( where they are using indian workers as literal slaves , not even letting them to leave ) or israel . 
  or in the neighboring countries ; turkey , jordan or lebanon do n't have the economies to support an additional 4 million people either . 
  hence they are the eu 's problem . 
  and europe simply does n't have the leverage ( economic and/or diplomatic ) to realistically force the gulf states , israel or china to accept refugees who would n't even be there . 
  they do , however , have a very strong economic leverage against the countries that joined since 2004 because they have benefited and are benefiting tremendously from the structural funds . 
  basically , they are asking these countries to take refugees in return for the money they got so far . 
  and there is also the moral responsibility . 
  well , at least the provable part . 
  the only countries that are morally responsible are the ones who participated in the invasion of iraq ( because that allowed isis to rise ) . 
  and the us takes in some refugees voluntarily iirc . 
  of course the teachings sponsored by sa are behind isis , but good luck proving that . 
  israel does n't really have to do anything with it , and china even less . 
  china 's responsibility would lie in their contribution to global warming ( which caused unprecedented droughts in syria , that forced the farmers to move into the cities looking for work , that led to lots of poor people in a small place , that led to civil unrest , that led to demonstrations , that led to the government brutally crushing those demonstrations , that led to a civil war , that led to the isis assimilating the more radical rebels and taking over 2/3 of the country ) . 
  but in that europe and america are just as guilty . 
  but in the end , it all boils down to this : they are in europe , hence they are our problem , and we ca n't realistically cause enough problems for most of the world ( without shooting ourselves in the foot with it ) to make them consider taking over some of them . 
  everyone knows that this is completely unrealistic and does n't have a snowball 's chance in hell of passing . 
  orb\u00e1n knows , sz\u00edjj\u00e1rt\u00f3 knows , the smarter half of the government knows , the other governments know . 
  but it can be sold within the country as another brilliant hungarian idea that is being shot down by the declining imperialistic evil liberal west only to spite hungary in the great western anti-hungarian conspiracy . 
  j\u00f3zsi does n't get that getting anything accepted by the un is like herding particularly stubborn cats that are at each others ' throats all the time , j\u00f3zsi will only get that the tv says that it did n't pass and , among others , the us voted against it . 
  same , some items on bol ( the dutch amazon ) cost a lot more than from amazon.de , even with the shipping . 
  and if the government actually votes this is , they will get crucified by the unions . 
  not going to happen . 
  last i checked , there were several non-communist countries between poland and italy he had to cross , unless he went through the whole eastern block and then on the adrian sea from yugoslavia . 
  somalia , maybe ? 
  [ praise be the pink elephant !, 
  they would get a supermajority with this amount of votes unless jobbik is stronger than them in some districts ( nothing a little gerrymandering could n't solve ) . 
  the current refugees ' refugee status would be reevaluated once the situation changes . 
  right now people from syria are accepted because no one is safe there . 
  if the situation is stabilized , they could only get refugee if they are persecuted based on some protected class ( race , caste , nationality , religion , political opinions and membership and/or participation in any particular social group or social activities ) . 
  so if the regime said `` fuck everyone except the sunnis '' and the state would otherwise function based on the rule of law , due process , etc. . . then sunnis might be sent back , yes . 
  however , a regime saying `` fuck everyone except the sunnis '' will probably have laws that oppress women and gender is usually included in the list of protected classes since the '90s . 
  add the reunification laws , and it would get extremely complicated . 
  if a stable democracy ( or at least something resembling it ) is created , then it would be a lot more unambiguous . 
  if syria is stabilized within 6 years ( and by this , i do n't only mean the war ends , but that the new regime is n't persecuting sunnis , christians , atheists , gays , etc. . . ) then their refugee status is over and they will be deported back . 
  if syria is still unstable or the refugees would face persecution there , they can apply for citizenship , [ assuming they fulfill a set of criteria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_nationality_law#naturalisation_by_entitlement ) . 
  among others :  * confirms his/her present and past commitment to the free democratic constitutional system enshrined in the german basic law ( or that he is presently committed to such principles and has departed from former support of ideas contrary to such principles ) * he/she is able to support himself/herself without recourse to benefits * he/she has not been sentenced for an unlawful act and is not subject to any court order imposing a measure of reform and prevention * he/she possesses an adequate knowledge of german * possesses knowledge of the legal system , the society and living conditions in the federal republic of germany, 
   when people commit a felony while seeking asylum , they are immediately ineligible for citizenship .
