  not at their politicians ( who could have just taxed the deposits over $ 100k more ) but at the germans . 
  what . 
  dutch food is boiled to tastelessness and / or mashed to a uniform consistency and / or fried . 
  in the restaurants i always see people throwing away half of the food ... ( clarification : i live in the netherlands ), 
  ... what . 
  ok , people are dumb , i 'm a cynic , it 's not supposed to surprise me ... but what . 
  trees is better ... top 3 : `` fuck '' , `` shit '' , `` fucking '' ... one would think they are r/southpark ... 
  quotas only cause resentment . 
  yes , they might get more women into leading positions , but they would aggravate the misogyny in the culture instead of reducing it . 
  it 's kind of like dieting : yes , you can lose some weight with a fad diet in a month , but as soon as you stop , you 'll gain it back . 
  to achieve lasting results , you need a lifestyle change . 
  similarly , to achieve lasting results in gender equality , a cultural change is necessary , simply forcing companies to put women into the board of directors just makes things worse . 
  and i can imagine that it would make things even worse for women who actually got into a leading position of their own power . 
  women 's day originates from the socialist movements of the early 20th century . 
  the first international women 's day was celebrated in 1918 . 
  so it 's not exactly new . 
  the more you know ... 
  in hungary ... it varies . 
  moka was popular in the previous system ( and still is , especially because the moka pots are indestructible - say what you want about the commies , but they did n't save costs on materials ) , but these days most people use some electric coffee maker , either a drip or an espresso . 
  coffee is usually bought ground , though some people are snobby enough to buy fresh beans and grind them ( like me ) , others are rich enough to have a machine that has a built-in grinder ( companies , mostly - a machine like that costs more than the monthly minimal wage ) . 
  in the netherlands , coffee capsules or pads ( like senseo ) are extremely popular at homes . 
  most coffee i 've encountered is rather weak , especially compared to the rat poison i drank in hungary . 
  these days i drink some horrible senseo concoction ( too poor to get a proper coffee machine and a grinder ) with milk . 
  however , i drink enough that my blood would give dracula a stroke . 
  in hungary , especially when i was employed at a company that had the beans -  coffee wonder machine , i drank espresso ( sometimes sprinkled with cinnamon ) . 
  10 + cups a day . 
  i used to drink coffee with sugar , but 10 + cups with sugar starts to become visible on you after a while . 
  t\u00far\u00f3 is not only goat cheese . 
  `` cottage cheese '' is the closest word in english . 
  yes . 
  it 's too many , especially considering the extra wage gained by getting a college / university degree and the taxes . 
  but this is n't even the main problem with the whole concept . 
  this is again very typical from the current government : treating a symptom while ignoring the root of the problems . 
  despite the government 's subtle ( ? ), 
  defamation tactics , young graduates are n't leaving the country only because they get paid more . 
  it 's a favorite strategy of fidesz , painting everyone who is not with them as traitors , antihungarians , lazy parasites , etc. . . - if things get uglier , i expect the phrase `` 30 silver coins '' to arise in the government 's communication . 
  young graduates are leaving the country because : 1 . 
  they ca n't get a job , especially not in their area of expertise . 
  the economy is ruined , private companies are n't hiring ( quite the opposite , usually ) , most of them have a deficit or barely make the bottom line . 
  they simply ca n't afford to hire a graduate . 
  the whole country is deep in depression . 
  not only economically , psychologically . 
  everybody is constantly annoyed , people are tired , frowning , neglect themselves , etc. . . 3 . 
  hopelessness . 
  there was an emigration in the last government cycle too , but it was lower because people were still hoping that this government will fix the country . 
  especially because they actually had the power . 
  now even this hope is completely shot , the current ones are n't a bit better than the previous mafia . 
  in fact , they absolutely lack the subtlety of the previous ones ; they had several decades of practice , they pretty much turned `` how to steal without making it too obvious '' to an art form . 
  yes , they were stealing , but at least made an effort to hide it . 
  the current guys do n't have the practice , as a result the stealing and corruption is extremely in-your-face . 
  the prime minister is a narcissistic jackass with a huge napoleon-complex , the economic minister is basically retarded , the minister of internal affairs is a well-known crime lord , etc. . . and there are no new ones on the palette . 
  on the next election people can choose between the gang that 's fucking up the country right now , the gang that fucked up the country before them ( separated into several parties ) and extremists . 
  in the west , getting a job without knowing anyone is hard . 
  in hungary it 's impossible . 
  and even if you know some people in the company and you 're the most qualified person applying for a position , it 's not guaranteed that you get the job because the ceo 's uneducated nephew might be looking for a job as well . 
  ( this applies more to hungarian companies than multinational ones ... and * especially * applies for public-owned companies where expressing dislike for the government on facebook might be grounds for termination ) 5 . 
  obviously , the money . 
  in western europe you can at least save up from your wage . 
  not in hungary . 
  42 % of the young people still live with their parents and not because family ties were stronger . 
  the middle class is almost nonexistent , even people who earn the 140.000 ft have to buy clothes from thrift stores , buy cheap food , etc. . . 
  i left the country in september . 
  i miss a lot of things . 
  i miss the food , i miss the cheap bars , i miss the girls , i miss my family , i miss my friends , i miss budapest ... but despite all of this , i 'm happier here in the netherlands than i was back `` home '' . 
  people are * way * friendlier and more helpful , i 'm not feeling the usual hopelessness and i do n't even know who is the prime minister because i do n't have to . 
  as long as it 's not some anti-immigration nutcase , i do n't have to be afraid , the government does n't change its policies every week , etc. . . 
  a government reducing minimal wage * will * lose the next election . 
  no exceptions . 
  governments might try to circumvent it with controlled inflation , but ireland has euro , so ... 
  you 're hungarian too , so i did n't think i should explain : a lot of companies employ people for only a part-time job with a part-time wage ( especially those who employ people without degrees , like boutiques ) but expect them to work for full-time or more because unemployment is huge and if they refuse , they 'll be fired - others are lining up for even that shitty job . 
  both are flexible part-time jobs , both of them are on-demand so i could n't just `` pick one '' . 
  there 's no fixed time . 
  when there 's work to do , i work . 
  when there is n't , i do n't . 
  i do n't have to change between them , i can do both in my normal clothes and the commute is 15-25 minutes depending on the location ; the whole city would fit inside the nagyk\u00f6r\u00fat . 
  in many countries a minimal hourly wage is defined instead of a minimal monthly salary . 
  if you work 60 hours a week , you 'll get more than if you worked 40 hours . 
  in the countries on the luckier half of europe working 60 hours while getting paid for 30 is not the norm . 
  right now i have 2 flexible part-time jobs in the netherlands and both pay by the hour . 
  he could just claim that god told him to retire . 
  the big guy usually does n't leave a paper trail . 
  well , london is like the fifth biggest hungarian city ... 
  we have a former president ( forced to resign , but still gets everything that an active president gets ) , a deputy prime minister and a former prime minister . 
  malta is already assimilated . 
  resistance is futile . 
  still no sympathy . 
  they are in a deep shit , they get their clothes , electronics , food and energy from the same global market as every other country , yet their minimal wage is as much as the hungarian median wage . 
  it 's kind of hard to feel bad for them . 
  sorry , r/europe for giving you a dose of postcommunist reality . 
  and the prices are not lower than in greece . 
  maybe for services , yes , but not for food , clothes or utilities . 
  ( and even that 335 $ is only the gross minimal wage - the worker sees only ~ 220 $ of that and the employer actually pays 400 $ . 
  and we have the world 's highest vat at 27 % . ), 
  you got a point . 
  in this case , however , allowing abortion with rapes is a tad hypocritical as the fetus is innocent and it 's essentially death penalty for its father 's crimes . 
  `` minimal wage sinking to 600 $ per month '' oh , cry me a fucking river . 
  it 's a pretty fucking weird party ... far-right , anti-choice , yet supportive of gay rights and weed . 
  what the fuck , guys ? 
  a little consistency , please . 
  it 's already in effect in hungary , it will just be their reasoning .
