  it 's only a humanitarian mission if you leave the place in a better shape than you found it . 
  ( i live in rotterdam ) every day . 
  it was made by one party in 2011 , tailored to them and their voting base . 
  it codifies a bunch of shit that a constitution should not contain ( marriage is between a man and a woman , life begins at conception , etc. . . ) , and essentially guarantees a two-party system and that no referendum will pass . 
  there are a bunch of other provisions that set up other things the government probably wanted to pass ( like that `` life begins at conception '' part , which is clearly there to set up an abortion ban , or at least a restriction on the level of poland ) , but have n't gotten around to it yet . 
  it should just be thrown out and a new , modern and much slimmer constitution should be implemented that only contains things people actually agree upon . 
  it should of course include a bunch of basic definitions ( name of the country , symbols , who is the president and what is their role , the branches of power , etc. . . ) but beyond that , it should be decided by a referendum . 
  which one ? 
  there are three . 
  two revolution-related ones ( march 15 and october 23 ) are during school period , and they are pretty boring ( and became completely politicized in the last 15 years ) . 
  the actual `` celebration '' part is just political speeches , military formation marching behind the parliament ( well , technically in front of , but the `` backside '' , the side facing the danube is probably better known ) , and in the last decade + , protests . 
  the `` country 's birthday '' , august 20 is better ( if only because there is no school celebration , and less politics is involved ) , it 's generally just fireworks and fun . 
  it 's also a sort-of harvest festival ( the first wheat harvest of the year was traditionally around that time ) . 
  sometimes there is a re-enactment of the classic rock opera `` istv\u00e1n a kir\u00e1ly '' ( `` steven , the king '' ) , a creative dramatization of the civil war that led to the establishment of the kingdom of hungary . 
  we 're supposed to side with istv\u00e1n , but [ kopp\u00e1ny , the `` villain '' has way better songs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9n5mzmpj2g ) . 
  ( and he has , at least in the opera , [ three hot nymphomaniac bisexual wives ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mayq3ghiqeg ) . 
  and we were supposed to side with the self-doubting restrained christian prince , yeah , right . 
  in comparison , [ here is one of istv\u00e1n 's defining songs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upxq1wtqork ) . ), 
  the original version , seen in those videos , is almost always aired on at least one of the national tv-channels . 
  i do n't exactly think in sides , i tend to form opinions on issues on an individual basis . 
  so from a certain perspective , i am my own side , and this side 's platform is defined as `` things i agree with '' . 
  consequently , the opposing side 's is `` things i do n't agree with '' , and by definition , i do n't agree with those . 
  but we 're living in representative systems , so i have to compromise . 
  in light of this , the question can be interpreted and answered . 
  i tend to vote liberal , because of two compromises i make . 
  first of all , i consider banning hate speech a lesser evil , compared to allowing ( or even endorsing ) wholesale discrimination . 
  since there is no party who wants to take legislative steps against actual discrimination but leave condemnation of discriminative speech up to society , i have to vote on parties whose stance on free speech is not entirely agreeable . 
  second , both the left and the right have simplified views on state spending ( they want more and less , respectively ) . 
  it 's quite possible that the views their leaders actually hold are more nuanced than what they are campaigning with , but i do n't like voting on someone just to hope that their election program was at least partially bullshit . 
  liberals tend to come in two flavors , left-liberals who want the state ( = other people ) to finance everything , and libertarians who want to cut spending radically , even in areas where it does good on the long term and has good returns ( like education ) . 
  at the current state of hungarian economy , i think the left-liberal attitude would cause less damage , but nevertheless , i have to hope that their spending promises are just hot air . 
  ( in 2002 they were not , state debt jumped but the quality of life did n't , and it left the country in a pretty bad shape for the 2008 recession . ), 
  there are tons of turkish words in hungarian . 
  some because hungarians spent a while among turkic people while migrating from the ural mountains to the carpathian basin , and a lot more because of the 150 years of occupation . 
  well , the martians have been speaking hungarian in a supergirl episode . 
  with horrific accents ( just how hard is it to find a hungarian language coach in vancouver ? 
  ) , but still . 
  that 's strange , because syllable stress is actually kinda important in hungarian ( always the first syllable of the word ) . 
  maybe it sounds robotic if you 're using short words only , and if you took only a semester of hungarian , you probably did n't get around to the longer words . 
  and then there are the guys from the ne-part of the country who tend to speak in a highly melodic dialect ( compared to the much more monotonic and businesslike budapest dialect ) . 
  most people have a complete wtf face when i speak in hungarian . 
  it might sound to them like a very angry language , but that 's just because the part they get to hear from me is usually just swearing . 
  hungarians in general ? 
  none . 
  even the related languages had vastly different linguistic influences in the few thousand years since we separated . 
  hell , give them voting rights too . 
  they are just as informed as the average voter anyway . 
  we kinda elected them . 
  i mean , the minister of internal affairs ( you know , the one overseeing the police ) is a well-known mafia don ( nothing can be proven , ofc ) . 
  assuming present birth rates ( which is probably an incorrect assumption ) . 
  also , with overpopulation the problem is n't simply the amount of people . 
  it 's how much the people of earth use from earth 's natural resources and how much pollution they produce . 
  and in this regard the developed world still has , and will have the developing world beat for a long long time . 
  basically : 1-5 , 1 is failing grade . 
  but there are some variations . 
  from most common ( = almost every teacher gives them out ) to least common : * 5 \\* : perfect score . 
  usually just counted as a 5 when calculating averages for end-of-semester and end-of-year grades , though teachers enjoy a level of discretion when determining the grade : both the grade itself can differ from the average , and they can count the 5 \\* as 5,1 or 5,5 if they want to . 
  * underscore grade : tends to be given if one achieves the lower point limit of a given grade . 
  an `` underscore-5 '' is essentially the equivalent of an a - you know from american media . 
  still counted as a normal grade usually . 
  * 1/2 , 2/3 , 3/4 and 4/5 ( it was sure as hell not a math teacher who made these up , but they stuck ) : if a teacher gives these out , it 's usually for achieving the upper point limit of a given grade . 
  in the average calculation , they usually use this as 1,5 , 2,5 , 3,5 and 4,5 . 
  * overline grade : essentially the same . 
  * 0 : did n't even try . 
  handed in a blank sheet , a drawing of a dick , or something like that . 
  counted as a 1 . 
  there 's another one that occurs only in end-of-semester and end-of-year grades : 5d , `` d\u00edcs\u00e9retes \u00f6t\u00f6s '' = five with praise . 
  the actual criteria depend on the teacher , some will require that you only get 5s in the whole year , others wo n't require that , but you still need to have a good enough average for a normal 5 and then go above and beyond for some classes , and yet others require both . 
  not really official ( well , there might be some rewards for honor students at the end-of-year ceremony , but that 's it ) , basically only exists for parental bragging rights . 
  ahs usually have an international food aisle separate from the usual pasta / rice aisle . 
  that 's where they keep the curry pastes , tortilla wraps and mexican spices , ketjap , coconut milk , etc. . . ( and of course the root beer ) . 
  preferred : bike . 
  have to use : train . 
  i would never * ever * drive through the a20/a12/a2 in the morning rush . 
  ( i live in the netherlands . ), 
  outside europe , canada  nz  australia  usa  argentina . 
  israel is functional because jews were present in all strata of society in roughly the same distribution as the local majority ( and were overrepresented among the intellectuals ) . 
  the same can not be said about the romani . 
  do you want a second israel ? 
  because that 's how you get a second israel . 
  romani are a minority everywhere , creating an artificial country for them and displacing the local population will just make sure that every surrounding country will do everything in their power to take that piece of land back . 
  so unless this hypothetical romani country is propped up by a superpower like america or russia , it would get crushed in a week , and if it is propped up by one of such superpowers , it would poison their relationship with the surrounding countries . 
  which is a bad idea regardless of whether it is done in their supposed homeland ( taking territory from one , or even potentially two nuclear powers ) or e-europe ( if america does it , it pushes the affected countries straight into putin 's welcoming embrace , and if russia does it , they lose all the political clout they gained in europe by propping up right and far right parties in an instance ) . 
  i do n't know what to answer for the other two , but we definitely love fucking ourselves . 
  a bunch of people do n't have an \u00dc on their keyboards and do n't know how to use combining diacritics ( \u00a8 + u ) , the standard us keyboard does n't even has the combining diacritic ( you need the us international layout for that ) . 
  budapest , like it were a city with an insect / rodent problem . 
  and basically every word with an `` s '' in it . 
  hungarian `` s '' is kinda like the english `` sh '' , the sound that 's like the english `` s '' is `` sz '' . 
  the multimillion dollar company , for example ? 
  or like a dutch u. 
  * religion - nope . 
  * food - not really ; i use hungarian spices sometimes but i do n't subscribe to the general `` if you do n't get a quadruple bypass by age 50 , you 're not eating right '' diet . 
  * fashion - i do n't think there * is * a contemporary hungarian fashion tradition ( at least not for anyone below the top 0.1 % ) . 
  but then nope , i might get a pair of sneakers when i 'm back in hungary but they are kinda hard to acquire in the netherlands . 
  * gestures - huh ? 
  nobody learns hungarian anyway . 
  we 'll be happy to teach you the basics ( k\u00e9rem , k\u00f6sz\u00f6n\u00f6m , igen , nem , baszd meg ) , but we do n't expect you to speak it . 
  it is pretty close for foreign words or words that were created before the mid-1700s or so . 
  for words after that , all bets are off . 
  the grammar is also similar , for example , the word order is almost the same , and the same structures exist frequently ( um + zu becomes om + te , but it 's the exact same structure ) .
