  however , there are some differences : for the subordinate clause german is very anal about putting the actually conjugated verb at the very end of the clause , especially if there are some infinitive or gerund forms too ( modal verbs , perfect tenses , passive voice , passive voice with a modal verb in perfect tense ... ) , but dutch frequently starts the end-of-clause verb bunch with the conjugated verb . 
  mind you , using the german word order is still grammatically correct , but i was told it sounds unnatural . 
  reminds me when i went with a few friends to a bar and tried to order drinks in dutch . 
  after my 3rd attempt i realized that i probably speak more dutch than the waitress . 
  it is though , i do n't usually carry cash . 
  ( and even if i do , the small change is reserved for those toilets that are still stuck in the 20th century . ), 
  other than the ubiquitous gyros ( = kebab , but we use the greek name probably because trips to greece were cheap as fuck in the first half of the '90s ) and hot dog ? 
  basically , fried dough traditionally topped with garlic and/or sour cream and cheese ( but there are many modern varieties especially around balaton ) . 
  artery-cloggingly delicious . 
  oh , and [ k\u00fcrt\u0151skal\u00e1cs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/k%c3%bcrt%c5%91skal%c3%a1cs ) , used to be sold only on festivals and such , but nowadays you can probably find a vendor anytime if you wander around in budapest . 
  smullers is at least modernizing , you can get your train station junk food via contactless payment now !, 
   to answer your question : the current election system favours strong parties rather than party alliances , so if any one party other than fidesz can get popular , it will favour them . 
  obviously , but it was n't created in a vacuum . 
  it was created knowing that the opposition is splintered , and is going to stay that way in the foreseeable future ( as is the nature of non-authoritarian platforms ) . 
  to beat fidesz , a lot of the voters of smaller opposition parties have to vote tactically and not according to their true preferences . 
  well , that , or the opposition should hire a bunch of professional cat herders . 
   for media bias , it depends where you look . 
  if you only want to see government-friendly media , you can find plenty . 
  if you want to see government-bashing media , you can find that as well both on the left and the right . 
  one side 's media , however , is financed from public money ( even the supposedly commercial ones , like 888 and origo ) . 
  the other 's is n't . 
  to understand how they made the election and referendum system favor them , you have to know the previous system . 
  in that system , 45 % of the representatives got in from individual districts , 55 % from party lists , with some compensation votes added based on votes cast on losing candidates . 
  furthermore , if no district candidate got 50 % +1 of the votes , then there was a second round in the district 2 weeks later . 
  it was n't quite a runoff vote like in the french presidential election because no one was forced to withdraw , but in effect it left 2-3 candidates in the running , with the withdrawing candidates endorsing the candidate of their potential coalition partner . 
  what fidesz changed was : 1 . 
  reduced the number of representatives while increasing the proportion of district candidates to 51.5 % 2 . 
  got rid of the second round ; district representatives are now elected fptp . 
  you 're american so i do n't have to explain it to you how shitty that system is , it 's essentially the worst system that can be called democratic . 
  it also means that anyone who voted for the candidate of a sub-5 % party ( minimum required for a party to get into the parliament * before * compensation votes are added ) lost their vote . 
  at any point in time there are 2-3 parties hovering around that percentage , so potentially 9-14 % of the voters might as well not have voted at all , and all of them opposition voters . 
  changed the way compensation votes are counted and introduced compensation for the winner based on the difference between their votes and the votes of the second place candidate . 
  this results in the absurd situation that a 40/20/20 / 20 victory is more favorable than a 40/35/20 / 5 despite both they and the opposition getting the same amount of votes . 
  it also made so that any vote * not * for the second place candidate is also a vote for fidesz . 
  and for referenda , they introduced a 50 % participation criterion for validity instead of the `` 25 % +1 should vote the same way '' criterion . 
  they did this knowing that the citizens are generally disinterested in referenda and only show up in that number if it 's about abolishing some direct fee . 
  it also resulted in the absurd situation that if 26 % of the citizens vote yes , it 's invalid , but if 26 % vote yes and 25 % vote no , it 's a valid yes . 
  thus no-voters , if they know that they are in the minority , would serve their own interests better if they just stayed home . 
  ( and even then , they are so afraid of a referendum not going their way , that they try to sabotage them whenever they can , and back down if they ca n't sabotage it anymore . 
  and they shot themselves in the foot because the only referendum that went through was initiated by the government ( obviously that 's the only one that can go through ) , and the opposition successfully boycotted it . ), 
  only in the most technical sense of the word . 
  when fidesz won in 2010 , one of their first moves was to create an election and referendum system blatantly favoring them ( and making the french mathematicians who tried to work out some fair election system after the revolution spin in their graves ) . 
  so while people are free to vote , sometimes voting for their actually preferred candidate or option is actively detrimental for them . 
  furthermore , there is an almost complete state capture ; financial and political groups close to the government can push through laws favoring them without any preparation . 
  plus all of the public service media , half of the private media , and the entirety of the government 's propagation is pushing fidesz-propaganda 24/7 . 
  so yes , it 's a democracy only in the sense that people can vote and that vote is mostly secret . 
  still , the first advice to someone traveling abroad ( especially westward ) : say `` fekete '' not `` n\u00e9ger '' . 
  not because n\u00e9ger was offensive , but people might mishear it . 
  you 'd think that based on what you read on the internet , especially in english . 
  but still more people would vote for him than for the second most popular candidate / party , and thanks to the election system they made ( basically , increased the proportion of individual district seats in the parliament , eliminated the sorta-runoff round from the district elections turning them into fptp , awarded compensation votes for the winning candidates too and plain old-fashioned gerrymandering ) that 's more than enough for another supermajority ( 2/3rd +1 seats ) . 
  i only speak a few french phrases , but this is one of them ( `` a votre sante '' = `` to your health '' , and i 'm preeeeeeetty sure that i missed a circumflex here and there ) . 
  if your blood ca n't make dracula fail a breathalyzer test , you 're not a man . 
  ( hungary ), 
  no opt-outs at all . 
  * educated young people . 
  they ( we ) tend to plan for long term . 
  while money is * a * reason , it is not the only one . 
  some are fed up with politics , others feel limited in their career advancement , yet others are unsatisfied with the higher education and want to do their master 's / phd in the west , etc. . . * especially doctors and nurses . 
  of all the educated emigrants they get the largest pay bump : while an engineer can earn 2.5-3 \u00d7 as much abroad as in hungary , for medical professionals this multiplier can easily be between 5 and 10 . 
  * physical laborers of all age . 
  they tend to emigrate with a concrete financial goal in mind ( paying off a mortgage or saving for a house are the most common , followed by other debts and saving up to start their own business in hungary ) . 
  unfortunately they are frequently cheated by the other hungarians who are `` helping '' them ( temp agencies , translators , shift managers , etc. . . ) . 
  those who could n't be cheated ( mostly because they speak at least english ) sometimes elect to stay even after reaching their goal , simply because the qol available for a physical laborer 's wage in the west is leaps and bounds ahead of that in hungary . 
  from the district you 're registered at : you go to the voting location you 're assigned to ( generally a public building , like a kindergarten , school or other government building , you get a mail about it but you can find it out online too ) , show your id ( everyone over 14 has one ) , sign a paper , get the ballot , draw two intersecting lines in one circle and done . 
  if you plan on being somewhere other than your district ( other district within hungary or abroad ) , you have to register 2 months before . 
  if you have a hungarian address and you 're abroad , you can only vote in person at the consulates and embassies . 
  if you do * not * have a hungarian address , you can vote by mail ( but only on the country lists and countrywide referenda ) . 
  old \u2260 significant . 
  i do n't have anything against preserving old and significant buildings , but not every minor noble 's twelve-a-dozen summer castle is significant . 
  as i 've said in other threads , preserving every old building is n't preservation of cultural heritage , it 's hoarding . 
  preserving the ones that are historically , culturally or architecturally significant is quite enough . 
  ** rotterdam : ** depends on how drunk i want to get and on what . 
  but generally , you would pay $ 5 for something that has as much alcohol in it as a half liter of pilsner . 
  0.5 l of heineken , 0.33 l belgian trippel , a shot of commercial hard liquor , etc. . . a night out with 6 beers , and maybe fries and bitterballen would cost somewhere around $ 35-40 . 
  the same night out would be somewhere around $ 18 ( no bitterballen , of course , but some similar snack food ) . 
  ( explains the number of stag-dos in the city . 
  hell , once when a pub sold half-liters of soproni d\u00e9mon ( stout-ish beer at 6.6 % abv ) for huf 200 ( $ 1 or $ 0.8 at the exchange rate of that time ) i got properly drunk for under $ 10 . ), 
  frankly , i 'm not an authority regarding the popularity of sports in london . 
  europe is big . 
  though i would imagine actual rugby is more popular there than american football . 
  lakers definitely falls under the `` famous nba team '' category ( alongside bulls ) . 
  it 's when someone has a la kings cap or the cap of a baseball / handegg team when it gets suspicious . 
  baseball caps in general ? 
  baseball caps emblazoned with logos and names of actual american sports teams ? 
  yeah , most likely unless it 's one of the more famous nba teams . 
  kontroll and \u00dcvegtigris . 
  yeah , the sour cream . 
  there are two products similar to the hungarian `` tejf\u00f6l '' ( translated to sour cream usually , but not quite the same thing ) : the w-european `` sour cream '' ( zure room , sauersahne , etc. . . ) which is generally thinner and more sour , and the cr\u00e9me fraiche which is thicker and not sour enough . 
  i 've had good results by mixing a cup of sour cream and a cup of cr\u00e9me fraiche together , but still , i miss tejf\u00f6l sometimes . 
  nope . 
  hell , there is even an ordnance banning wind turbines within 12 kilometers of any inhabited area . 
  oh , what do you say ? 
  there is not a single square meter in the country that is more than 12 km away from the next hamlet / village / town / city ? 
  government : \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) \\ _ / \u00af 2 . 
  fortunately not an issue . 
  not giving a fuck about climate is an issue , but even those people do n't * deny * climate change . 
  we are fucked . 
  if you think the current refugee crisis is bad , just wait until the climate refugees start swarming out of the drought-stricken areas of africa and central-asia . 
  hell , even the syrian civil war has its roots in the droughts in the years preceeding it . 
  only breakthroughs in fusion ( always 20 years away ... ) and carbon sequestration can save us at this point .
