  my upstairs neighbors have a small dog ( french bulldog ) , a small child , and a not-so-small housewife . 
  the kid keeps chasing the dog . 
  the mom keeps chasing the kid . 
  pure bliss down here ... 
  yesterday , the kid apparently had a birthday . 
  pitter-patter of little feet ? 
  more like a fucking stampede . 
  with screaming for no reason mixed in . 
  oh , and the dog sounds like a vacuum cleaner that is trying to start but is failing . 
  but compared to the rest of the noises coming from there , that 's nothing . 
  there are a few superstores in the netherlands owned by albert heijn . 
  they are called `` ah xl '' . 
  still not as big as a tesco though . 
  they are n't , there is even less overlap between japanese and hungarian vocabulary than between hungarian and estonian / finnish ( a grand total of 2 `` very basic '' words are similar , the word for `` good '' and the word for `` salt '' , whereas with finnish there are dozens if not hundreds ) . 
  you do n't have to go as far as norway . 
  i have once stayed in a high school dorm that looked worse than a hungarian prison cell . 
  like the old joke says , politicians will gladly cut the budget of high school and college dorms because they sure as hell wo n't spend any time there , but they ca n't say the same about prisons ... 
  most people do n't bother learning hungarian . 
  ca n't blame them if they are only there for a semester or even for a full bsc , but when someone who lived there for a decade still ca n't order a damn beer , it gets annoying . 
  interestingly , japanese people tend to have a much easier time learning hungarian than europeans . 
  probably because the logic of the languages is so similar , even though they are n't related . 
  most foreigners who do bother to learn hungarian have a strong accent even years into living in hungary . 
  it 's not particularly bothering since 1 ) at least they actually learned it and 2 ) some hungarian dialects ( esp . 
  ones from the borders ) sound just as different ( to an ear attuned to the budapest dialect , at least ) . 
  beginner mistakes are mostly caused by people trying to apply indo-european logic to hungarian ( believing that our suffixes are a case system then using latin or german case rules is a very typical one , not dropping pronouns is another one ) . 
  this might also explain why japanese learn it faster : they do n't have these preconceptions , and speaking hungarian with japanese grammar results in mostly correct hungarian anyway . 
  nope , that 's a moka pot . 
  some are alright . 
  but for the rest , i have seen nicer prison cells . 
  most places outside budapest . 
  but to mention a few concrete locations : * eger , a city in the northern part of the country . 
  popular among hungarians because the final battle of the most popular hungarian novel takes place there , but not so popular among foreigners . 
  notable things there : the castle , the minaret , bull 's blood ( a strong and bold red wine ) and generally the natural environment . 
  * the northern coast of the lake balaton . 
  less popular than the south because the water gets deep quickly , but lots of people had at least one school vacation in z\u00e1nka . 
  the nearby hills are nice too . 
  * fert\u0151d . 
  next to the fert\u0151-t\u00f3 ( maybe better known as neusiedler see , we share it with austria ) , and home to the eszterh\u00e1zy palace , our smaller , cheaper but still really nice version of sch\u00f6nbrun . 
  yeah , orb\u00e1n , our cunt of a pm . 
  being able to cast a variable with suffixes . 
  or simply more fluent apis . 
  if the `` void '' return type was banished from a language ( except for static functions ) and every function with a void return value would return the object it 's called on instead , then you would be able to chain a bunch of statements together as a `` sentence '' . 
  c # 's linq is pretty great for this . 
  as a hungarian , i feel your pain . 
  even = is only available with a shift ( unless you 're using a full-sized mac keyboard ) . 
  but i got so used to programming with this layout that i ca n't code effectively with an english layout . 
  except when an ide 1 ) has a hotkey for ctrl + alt + some letter , usually f ( which is [ on a hungarian layout with altgr ) and 2 ) does n't differentiate between altgr and ctrl + alt . 
  fuck those ides . 
  ( hungarian living in nl ) wake up . 
  hate the world , hate this fucking job , hate the fucking morning people running this shitshow ( and mornings in general , and people in general ) . 
  snooze until i can no longer put off getting up if i want to be able to get a coffee , take a shower , and get in for the first useless motherfucking morning meeting about a doomed project . 
  make one french press of coffee to drink . 
  while drinking it , make another for the thermo flask . 
  read the webcomics on feedly . 
  realize that i 'm fucking late again , exhaust the swearing vocabulary of every language i speak ( 6 , though japanese does n't have too much in the way of swearwords ) . 
  take an expedited shower ( cursing the shower head and the water pressure in my apartment ) only wetting my hair enough to get rid of the bed head . 
  brush teeth , throw on the first temperature-appropriate set of clean clothes i can get my hands on , take some vitamin c because i 'll spend 2 hours today in a rolling petri-dish , then start out for said petri-dish in a dead sprint . 
  i really miss working in the same city and being able to bike to work . 
  ( i can always hope that it will be a few minutes late , but it never is when i 'm running late too . 
  public static boolean istrainlate ( ) { return amilate ( ) ^ ^ isnskut ( ) ; } public static boolean isnskut ( ) { return true ; } ) then i try to find a seat , whip out my phone , start some particularly hateful metal , start up relay for reddit and write a fairly accurate description of this morning . 
  happens in hungary once in a while , either in july or august . 
  it 's usually spent either inside or at a beach or a pool drinking something cold ( lemonade for the kids , beer for the grown-ups ) . 
  did i want to invoke duverger 's theorem ? 
  yup , definitely . 
  bottle of p\u00e1linka . 
  it will probably send you into a coma , but still . 
  supposedly . 
  our phoneme sets show a lot of overlap , we just have different orthography . 
  i 'm aware that there are district-based voting systems that are not fptp . 
  however , almost every time a voting system moves towards districts , it also moves towards fptp ( because it 's generally the big parties who have the power to change the system , and fptp favors them ) . 
  i also consider geographical districts antiquated . 
  modern society is segmented differently , for example , the priorities of a university student align more with those of a fellow student in the other half of the country than with those of the blue collar worker living across the street , or the pensioner living in the apartment above his . 
  yet , since university students are not a populous group and certainly are n't the majority in any district , they are ignored . 
  no , i meant what i wrote . 
  a two-party system is the consequence of an fptp election system , because fptp can easily translate a relative majority of votes to an absolute majority in the legislature , eventually leaving only those parties in the running that can achieve a relative majority of votes in the absolute majority of districts . 
  tactical voting and the spoiler effect will ensure that this will be reduced to 2 parties unless some third parties have a strong local support . 
  of course after a 2-party system is already established , relative and absolute majority are the same . 
  in such a system there are other problems . 
  the two-party system is only the consequence of the winner-takes-all fptp electoral college . 
  any country without an fptp element in their election system is more resistant to a populist , simply because the relative majority they might have does n't translate to an absolute majority . 
  maybe in the rural areas . 
  i 'm 28 , and i went to high school in budapest . 
  of my class ( of 28 people ) there are maybe 3 people who have kids , 6 who are married or engaged ( mostly women ) , and maybe another 5-6 who live in a serious relationship . 
  i do n't think so , we are not our government . 
  `` hall\u00f3 '' is the most common ( different from the usual hello ) . 
  i 'm fond of `` v\u00e9tel '' ( receiving ) with friends and family . 
  i tend to use some radio slang because my family 's house had a shitty landline back in the day . 
  as long as she is from a culture that accepts dating for purposes other than finding a husband and the father of her future children , idgaf . 
  yeah , but he politicians who want to increase birth rates are extremely shortsighted . 
  how would a baby born today help with the pension of the pensioners of today ? 
  no way , that 's how . 
  in fact , encouraging more childbirths would have more harmful effects than good , because it would keep more parents ( mostly mothers ) out of the job market as well . 
  and in 18-25 years when the children born today would start working , automation will likely take over a lot of jobs . 
  it would be saner to encourage automation and a higher productivity and efficiency ( thus higher wages ) in every job where that is possible . 
  oh , and not stealing the private retirement funds . 
  yeah , that would have been nice . 
  western never completely fell out of the fashion in hungary thanks to the bud spencer - terence hill movies . 
  i enjoyed reading may 's books as a kid ( it 's telling of his popularity that even his name was sometimes used as `` may k\u00e1roly '' , something reserved generally for popes , kings , and jules verne , sorry , verne gyula ) , but they might be a tad racist for 21st century sensitivities . 
  as a hungarian i find the swearing a little lacking . 
  it 's not a single party , it 's a congregation of most non-authoritarian parties rhetorically left from fidesz who are not funded by fidesz in the background ( probably ) .
