  and telco lobby groups , yeah . 
  last i heard , that still has to be ratified by the countries . 
  some restaurants by the lake balaton ( plattensee for you germans ) do n't even have hungarian menus . 
  that 's a recipe for destruction here in maastricht ... 
  yeah , we just added a bunch of modern safety features . 
  even accounting for fukushima and chernobyl nuclear power is * by far * the safest ( in terms of deaths / wh ) . 
  so your point is ... ? 
  source ? 
   other than the fact there is some corruption then the south pole is somewhat cold , mariana 's trench is somewhat deep , the mount everest is somewhat tall and yvonne strahovski is somewhat hot . 
  top three dialect guesses : 1 . 
  us black vernacular / ebonics 2 . 
  singaporean 3 . 
  american ( standard ) top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  dutch 2 . 
  english 3 . 
  norwegian nope , i have n't been living in the netherlands for * that * long ... 
  i can only read dutch , anyway . 
  not under that name and url . 
  `` the words ` fuck the king ' might have been uttered . '', 
  low turnout , a system they made that is incredibly biased towards the largest voter block plus the dumbfuckery of the opposition . 
  europe ( an countries he mentioned , and several others ) does n't think religion important enough to allow people to violate sensible laws in the name of their religious beliefs . 
  this is a higher religious freedom than anywhere in the us where , in some places , atheists still ca n't be elected . 
  steve stockman can go fuck himself . 
  with a cactus . 
  and the eu is easy to blame because it 's `` far away '' . 
   democratize the economy . 
  we tried that for 40 years . 
  turns out , companies operating like social institutions solely for the welfare of the workers does n't work in the long run . 
  i just * love * how the `` solution '' of the people from the luckier half of europe is basically the reason why we are the unluckier half . 
  because it does n't matter . 
  for hungary the ep is generally the place where failed politicians parachute ( and others who are too embarrassing even for our parties but have enough blackmail material on someone important to warrant a cushioned job ) . 
  why should i care ( enough to travel to the hague and back , in my case , but i do n't think i would care enough even if i was living in hungary ) about which band of thieves will send a couple of people to be paid by us through the eu ? 
  we have first world prices and third world wages . 
  services and rent are cheaper than , say , in the netherlands but products ( including food ) cost the same . 
  a net wage of $ 600 is considered really good . 
  a net wage of $ 1000 is something most people never even dream of . 
  hungary : probably fidesz , but not with a landslide like on the local elections . 
  but who cares , really ? 
  ep is just the landing place of parachuting failed politicians and those who are too embarrassing even for the local parties and need to be kept out of sight . 
   it always amazes me how according to the eurobarometer the general public is very pro eu , yet during elections most people ca n't even be bothered to show up to vote . 
  because we 're not voting about anything of consequence , we are voting about which failed politician parachutes to brussels for a nice , cushioned 4 years from our money . 
  i went with mszp & co. - the sole reason for lmp 's existence is to divide the left . 
  and pretty much the only possible `` victory '' would have been preventing fidesz from getting 2/3 of the seats again . 
  even if lmp is n't backed by the government , voting for the smaller opposition block with the new voting system works against that goal . 
  i do n't like them at all , but all things considered , i preferred `` we run the state and steal wherever we can '' to `` we run the state to steal '' . 
  not * all * of them are protest votes per se , but usually the rise of radicalism is a symptom , not the problem itself . 
  of course you 're judging from western media , which jumps to any trace of anti-semitism as it brings the clicks , but believe me , that 's the smallest of our problems . 
  the socialist-liberal governments between 2002 and 2010 did a rather bad job at governing and , mostly , handling the global economic crisis . 
  in 2010 fidesz got an absolute majority of the votes ( 51 % or so ) which translated to a qualified ( 2/3 + ) majority in the parliament . 
  they got this without any program whatsoever , simply by the virtue of `` not being the mszp '' . 
  people were hoping that with a 2/3 in hand they will fix the economy , make long-needed structural reforms , etc. . . and they failed to deliver . 
  in fact , the thievery became more blatant . 
  at least the socialists had the decency of * trying * to hide it . 
  so this year the choices were : * fidesz , without any actual program and only with the promise that they will continue pumping the money to their sponsors * mszp & co. , an alliance of ... how many ? 
  5-6 parties ? 
  all of them with their own programs , and the only common program being `` we 're not fidesz '' . 
  and if that was n't bad enough , the most divisive personality from the 2006 government was leading one of the parties . 
  * lmp , a liberal/green party most probably backed by fidesz to divide the left * jobbik , they actually seem independent from the bigger parties and they have n't had the chance to fuck up governing the country yet . 
  now i personally swallowed the bitter pill and voted for the least of these evils ( at least the one i thought least ) , but i really ca n't blame anyone for not agreeing with me and voting on jobbik , because seriously , the country is so fucked that it does n't actually matter anyway . 
  hell , i would vote for lex luthor because the man at least gets things done . 
  ( p.s. 
  : and one of the problems : fidesz managed to get a qualified majority with only a relative majority , making our most recent election system the least democratic in europe , turkey included . 
  getting an absolute majority with a relative majority or a qualified majority with absolute majority is not unheard of , but a qualified majority with a relative majority is insane . ), 
  a large part of those votes are protest votes against both fidesz and mszp ( the largest party in the left-wing alliance ) . 
  simply speaking , since jobbik was n't in the government yet , they have n't yet fucked up governing the country . 
  no , it 's not . 
  it 's just another far-right organization trying to monopolize the word `` hungarian '' for the right wing . 
  with your app / extension / whatever . 
  in markup ( upon which reddit comment code is based ) every link can have an url and a title text , separated with a space and the title put in double quotes . 
  now your userscript / extension / anything renders title texts assigned to a link to / s as a spoiler . 
  however , it is essentially only inserting a css-snippet which changes the link 's color and adds the title to the `` after '' part . 
  however , apparently it adds the title to any link ( am i right ? ), 
  but only colors the background of the links to / s with the same color . 
  this is how it 's done in / r/asoiaf for example ( except for adding the title to any link ) . 
  on a similar sub , / r/gameofthrones however the spoilers are ... well , extremely similar , except that the selector for the links to be marked as spoiler is not a [ href = '' / s '' ] but a [ href = '' #s '' ] ( and #b , and #g for other spoilers ) . 
  but still , these css snippets both work by putting the title text in the link 's : : after pseudo-selector , setting its normal color and the link 's background color to the same color by default and different on hover . 
  normally the link 's title should n't be visible . 
  ( btw . 
  thanks for the consistent upvotes  ), 
  wtf are you using ? 
  [ this ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/s/972n8cw4gke5vjz/screenshot%202014-05-14%2019.58.46.png ) is what i see in chrome . 
  spoilers are title texts , your spoiler is a title text as well . 
  ( and i do n't see the pony either , which makes me believe that you 're using some extension . ), 
  maybe in the mobile client you 're using . 
  on a computer they are identical , except that clicking on yours takes the browser to a 404 page , clicking on mine just takes it back to the same page . 
  ok . [ hover over this , i do n't want to spoil it for others . 
  ` ozymandias ' fakes an alien attack on new york ( killing half of the population ) to unite the world and prevent a ww3 between the us and the ussr . '' ), 
  read the comics ( or watch the movie , it 's shorter ) if you do n't want it to get spoiled . 
  this could be plastered around europe ( without the text ) to promote tourism to hungary . 
  looks like the stereotypical `` european '' in animes . 
  or it 's some country from hetalia , idk . 
  yeah , we ( hungary ) got it pretty good , it only cost us our then-future ( now present ) . 
   also , do n't drink in russia . 
  44 % of russians consider alcohol consumption unacceptable , the biggest percentage in all surveyed countries . 
  but the rest drink for them too . 
  not today , this is usually done on easter monday . 
  coincidentally , the girlfriends and wives of firefighters dread easter monday more than any other day . 
  [ hungary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tvcxazm1gw ), 
  it 's actually closer to 50 % if you take the amount you get in hand and the amount your employer spends on you . 
  and then there 's the world 's highest vat ...
