  mobile companies work with * ridiculous * profit margins . 
  the difference between the eu and the proposed usga ( which would probably turn into the use , especially if some countries joined ) is that the eu is a lot looser . 
  the usga would have been a single state with a single head of state . 
  the criteria for a state is a common money , military and foreign policy . 
  the eu fulfills 1.2 of these criteria ( 0.7 or so of the eu has common money and there is some kind of a common foreign policy , for which i would give 0.5 ) . 
  the usga would have fulfilled all three and a common foreign policy ( and a common army to back it up ) means that it could protect its interests better . 
  this is part of the reason why i advocate further integration of the eu : we house 4 of the 10 largest economies in the world ( 4. : germany , 5. : france , 7. : uk , 9. : italy ) , the eu together would be the second , overtaking both china and japan ( the economies of the four countries in the top 10 are larger than china ) but without a common foreign policy we ca n't utilize it . 
  had this plan been realized , it would have been the core of a more federated united states of europe . 
  today we would probably have the eu on the west and the use on the east , probably with a bunch of treaties ( free trade ) between them . 
  or the use would be a member of the eu . 
  i do n't support this initiative because of the economic and political repercussions ( it would floor the competitiveness of european companies against companies in other first-world countries and a huge part of the population would be completely dependent on state-supplied money , which could - and would - be used to buy their votes ) . 
  but the charter is n't really useful here . 
  one could claim that having to work for shelter and food is forced labor and thus it 's against article 5 . 
  and one could claim that any tax is against article 17 . 
  \\* looks up \\* shortage solved . 
  ( i 'm living in maastricht ), 
  honestly , those guys are pretty much harmless . 
  besides , shooting composite bows is fun as hell . 
  and at least your parties have actual ideologies . 
  more than what could be said about ours ... 
  that 's what i meant , autocorrect would mangle my name like that . 
  i agree , and we should be on the streets . 
  but to understand it , you have to look at the historical context . 
  mszp ( hungarian socialist party ) governed the country between 2002 and 2010 in coalition with szdsz ( alliance of free democrats - `` liberals '' ) until 2007 and in a minority government afterwards . 
  they fucked up . 
  not a bit , but a lot . 
  ( words of ferenc gyurcs\u00e1ny said at a party congress in 2006 , prime minister between 2005 ( or was it 2004 ? ), 
  and 2009 ) . 
  people wanted change . 
  that 's why fidesz ( alliance of `` young '' `` democrats '' ) won with a landslide . 
  they had the power to fix things . 
  they had the power to get rid of the corruption , push through reforms that should have been done 20 years earlier , etc. . . and they managed to continue fucking up the country . 
  the turks are lucky , they have plenty of kemalists and secularists and they have parties they could support . 
  what do we have ? 
  we have the aforementioned mszp . 
  they fucked up the country . 
  we have dk ( `` democratic coalition '' ) , the party of ferenc gyurcs\u00e1ny . 
  he led the fucking up . 
  we have the lmp ( `` politics can be different '' , liberal ... ish ) . 
  after they got into the parliament , their revolutionary rhethorics became much more moderate . 
  and in moderate , i mean they are only opposing symbolic measures of the government . 
  we have jobbik , legitimate fascists who are pretty much the lackeys of fidesz . 
  fidesz has already worn down a far-right party during an election , this time it wo n't be different . 
  and we have the party of gordon bajnai ; they could at least try to unfuck the economy , but their rhetorics are too cerebral and to govern they would have to ally themselves with the mszp , the lmp or the dk . 
  fact is , we just lost hope and pray that the fidesz is n't altering the deal any further . 
  you 're from mobile and meant to link me , i presume . 
  yes , i am in opposition to the current government . 
  not like i liked the previous one , but at least they tried to conceal their corruption . 
  and they wo n't condemn erdogan either , they do n't want to legitimize any anti-government protest ( except the ones they did ) . 
  yes . 
  the turkish government is blatantly violating human and civil rights . 
  at the very least , our governments should condemn the police brutality in official statements . 
  if a full-blown civil war breaks out ( which is not impossible ) we should send at least humanitarian aid . 
  it 's about time for europe to stick by its values . 
  developed , cold as fuck , they like their alcohol and estonian is one of the few finno-ugric languages . 
  well , * officially * we ought to use `` az '' for animals ( that 's the same `` it '' as for objects , kind of the same as the `` se '' you mentioned , also the same as the definite pronoun for words starting with a vowel and the word for `` that '' ) but no one corrects you if you use '' \u0151 '' ( especially for pets with personalities ; in that case we use '' \u0151 '' as well - it 's the same as the finnish h\u00e4n ) . 
  also known as `` szalonna '' in hungary and `` salo '' in ~ ~ romania ~ ~ ukraine ( i knew it was one of our neighbors ... ), 
  you have 21 \u00b0 c. 
  it 's 9 \u00b0 c here right now . 
  on the 29th of fucking may . 
  i just * had * to move to western europe last fall ... 
  that 's a bad idea . 
  i do n't smoke , but i would buy a coffin-shaped box just for the box itself . 
  we have already screwed up by not starting with albania , but why do n't we go alphabetically ? 
  * tall , busty blonde girls . 
  * pretty good football team . 
  * volvo and saab . 
  * death metal from g\u00f6teborg and the surroundings . 
  | . . | , * cold as fuck . 
  * produces furniture that have funny names and you have to assemble it yourself * language close enough to german that i could read it , though i would n't be able to understand it when spoken . 
  sk\u00e5l !, 
  because the government can claim that they gave something without actually giving something . 
  hell , if they were actual balls where you could rent period clothes and dance waltzer , i would consider going . 
  exactly . 
  for example , residents are complaining that there 's pee and vomit on the streets after a party . 
  that 's a completely legitimate complaint . 
  proper reaction : put out public toilets and more trash cans . 
  local governments ' reaction : harass the pubs and limit opening times . 
  you know what would also prop up the birthrate ? 
  having an actually working economy that 's not choked up by the billions of different taxes . 
  in hungary it 's not exactly hard to find people of your preferred sex , especially near universities . 
  there are a lot of things that suck about hungarian cities , but the nightlife is n't one of them ( despite the local governments ' continuous attempts to drive out the famous `` ruin pubs '' in order to appease the pensioner voters ) . 
  hungary : * extra tax on advertisements , biggest commercial tv channels consider leaving the country . 
  * the pension bonus of 109 former agents of the socialist system was taken away . 
  meanwhile , the governing party voted `` no '' for the bill that would reveal the list of agents ( they are full of former agents themselves ) . 
  * social burial became free ... if the family prepares the body , digs the grave , lowers the coffin and reburies the grave . 
  * i do n't know how to write this to sound less absurd , so here it goes : yesterday was the first national matchmaking dance . 
  yeah , that 's an event , organized from government money , aimed at university and college students to help them find their future husband / wife . 
  yeah , the college and university students are reeeeeeeeealy interested . 
  then maybe they wo n't burn hungarian flags in athens . 
  ( rule-bending is pretty standard with our politicians too , i do n't think he would lose a night 's sleep over it ), 
  yup , we know we ca n't win . 
  i think next time we should send some grindcore band . 
  i do n't know either . 
  we ca n't really rely on the diplomatic bonus ( there was [ an analysis on reddit recently ] ( http://www.student.dtu.dk/~s093020/dataanalysiswebsite/ ) showing the `` friendship graph '' , hungary has absolutely no friends ) . 
  well , at least it was n't the same cheesy bs as the other productions ( it was a different kind of cheesy bs , the people i was watching it with laughed their asses off as i translated the lyrics ) . 
  i still think that at least germany 's 12 points was a diplomatic move - hungary is a fairly important economic partner and with merkel 's criticism towards the hungarian government , they wanted to show that they have no problem with the country itself . 
  they most definitely ca n't get married . 
  i do n't know about civil unions , maybe that 's still allowed , but even if it is , civil unions have much less rights ( for example , they do n't even count as a family in the eyes of the law , that 's one of the other new things in the constitution - family = siblings , children and spouses ; life partners and life partners ' children are n't family members anymore ) . 
  my guess : is sexual orientation and gender identity protected in the constitution the same way as , for example , race ?
