  ] ( https://i.imgur.com/vg03mxw.jpg ) i was there ~ three years ago . 
  it was n't a huge climb , and there 's a restaurant there ( taverne grenssteen = border stone ) that serves some positively gigantic burgers . 
  ( too bad it closes at 6 on sundays . ), 
  they should have sent lord buckethead . 
  yeah , theoretically it 's unlimited . 
  but unless you 're using it for tethering it 's pretty hard to surpass even the 5 gb limit , so it 's all good . 
  unfortunately no , the roaming regulations specifically protect companies against this . 
  t-mobile . 
  i got basically infinite roaming data for $ 35 even before roaming was officially abolished . 
  ( / r/hailcorporate ), 
  t-mobile it 's $ 35 / month , incl . 
  unlimited calls and texts to anywhere in the eu . 
  well , telenor hungary recently came out with a subscription that has `` unlimited '' data ( probably has a similar daily limit ) . 
  it costs roughly the same as my subscription . 
  netherlands , sorry for getting your hopes up . 
  * per day . 
  secede together with washington and oregon , and we might consider it . 
  the french president has some actual political power , unlike other presidents in parliamentarian republics who have mostly symbolic power ( glorified mascots , basically ) . 
  that 's probably why they are elected directly . 
  you could have a ranked voting system . 
  if you have n candidates , you rank them 1 to n ( you do n't have to fill every slot , so if you have 6 candidates but beyond the 3rd you would rather vote for cthulhu , you can just write 1-3 ) . 
  then until there is a clear winner ( 50 % +1 ranked first ) , the one with the fewest 1s gets eliminated ( and on every ballot where they were n't the last already , everyone under them is promoted one ) . 
  that way everyone could vote for their most preferred candidate without risking having to choose between their least and second least preferred candidates in the second round ( because there would n't * be * a second round ) . 
  i guess it used to be the king of france . 
  then the french decided to decapitate their king , and the andorrans - instead of trying to find some other patron country - decided that `` king , president , what does it matter ? 
  france 's head of state will do by any title . '', 
  so you just have to invent a time machine . 
  people love simple solutions to complicated problems . 
  i think it 's because they want to think that , given the opportunity , they would be capable of solving the problem too . 
  also , saying that `` it 's a complex problem which does n't have a simple solution '' would seem to them that the `` elite '' is talking down to them . 
  our cunt orb\u00e1n has n't appeared in a public debate in the last * 11 years * . 
  ( and back then he was ripped to shreds by gyurcs\u00e1ny . ), 
  so she could start printing money for the government to use . 
  [ france in 3 years if she gets elected . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0e/inflaci%c3%b3_utan_1946.jpg ), 
  new ? 
  because of a single corruption scandal ? 
  agreed , though in a mature democracy ( like the netherlands ) the parties might show some restraint and elect a president who is actually independent ( assuming the president is n't elected directly ) . 
  exactly . 
  i 'm pretty sure history books mention that mussolini was lynched by his own people . 
  it 's actually in dutch , i 'm a hungarian living in the netherlands . 
  sort-of a joke . 
  you guys have a pretty good handle on the middle east . 
  sure , it was never close to wilders becoming pm but up until a few weeks before the elections pvv was on its way to becoming the largest party . 
  that would have been bad enough because 1 . 
  the mainstream parties would have adopted even more of their rhetoric 2 . 
  their ( or more accurately , his ) supporters would have felt cheated which might have led to unrest 3 . 
  it would have given his `` liberal-elitist conspiracy '' rhetoric even more munition, 
  yeah , really seems like the whole world is just circling the drain . 
  brexit , trump , hell , even the dutch election was close , vvd only managed to keep pvv from becoming the largest party by adopting some of their rhetoric ( but then again , we 've seen now that rutte 's platform is fairly flexible , so i hope that the moderating influence of d66 and gl will pull the government away from nativist demagoguery ) . 
  and then the turkish election - even if there was a widespread fraud , the majority of the rural people are a-ok with a dictatorship . 
  there 's already no place for me in hungary , and if the dutch government continues to be defined by a desperate need to win back wilders ' supporters ( effectively letting him define government policy ) then i might have to fuck off from here too . 
  i just do n't know where to . 
  right , then maybe not the ones from slovakia . 
  ( they do allow dual citizenship , but amended their citizenship law to strip anyone from their slovakian citizenship if they apply for another country 's citizenship on the day hungary passed the dual citizenship law . ), 
   the funny thing is that in hungary expatriates do n't get to vote . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  if an expatriate does n't have a hungarian address , they can vote in mail ( but only in countrywide referenda and on the national lists , and not for the individual district candidates - which makes sense , because without a hungarian address getting their district returns a nullpointerexception ) . 
  if an expatriate * does * have a hungarian address , they can vote - but only at a consulate , which might involve hundreds of kilometers of travel , and hundreds of euros . 
  sure , i can bike to the hague from rotterdam , but from maastricht that 's a $ 54 5-hour trip . 
  and the netherlands is not exactly a huge country , getting to the nearest consulate from , say , frankfurt would be a lot worse . 
  additionally , the first group consists almost exclusively of people who have * never * lived in hungary , being from hungarian minorities from abroad ( romania , slovakia , serbia , etc. . . ) . 
  since their citizenship was granted by fidesz , of course they vote for fidesz . 
  ( and there 's a huge cognitive dissonance within the second group as well . 
  so many of them vote fidesz or jobbik that it 's not even funny . ), 
  well , there was that quadruple homicide ( three adults but one was a late-stage pregnant woman , so it counts as a quadruple ) ~ 3 weeks ago ... 
  we have it similarly , but we do n't even have two viable parties . 
  up until now , coalition government was the form of government in hungary ( and technically the current government is a coalition government , though the christian democrats are n't really a party , more like the fundamentalist platform of fidesz ) . 
  elections had two turns , in the first turn people voted for the lists of the parties and the individual representatives of their districts . 
  if any of the representatives got 50 % +1 of the valid votes , there was no second turn . 
  if no one reached it , there was a second turn with a first-past-the-post system . 
  in the two weeks between the turns , the parties could agree on candidates stepping down for candidates of the other party . 
  some seats were decided by the votes on losing candidates . 
  now there is only one turn , proportionally more seats for the individual districts and less seats for the lists and the votes on losing candidates . 
  essentially , a party with 35 % of the votes can get 2/3 of the seats . 
  the opposition is divided , fidesz is pretty much guaranteed to take every district where there are two non-jobbik opposition candidates . 
  they are also doing everything in their power to prevent non-fanatic people to vote : shorter campaigns , banning campaign ads on internet portals and commercial media ( = banning every cheap form of campaigns ) , only allowing campaigns in the national tv and radio ( less viewers , lots of unsanctioned government propaganda paid by public money which does n't qualify as campaign ad - though it 's not exclusive to national media , government propaganda is also allowed in the commercial media ) and billboards ( expensive , owned mostly by companies close to fidesz ) . 
  oh , yeah , and voter registration which ca n't be done on the day of the election and is completely unnecessary because hungary has a central population registry which was used for the elections before . 
  turnout will be an all-time low because of the voter apathy . 
  people are fed up with voting for the lesser evil , the opposition parties do n't have enough credit ( lmp : did n't do anything bad but did n't do anything good either , mszp : discredited for their performance between 2002 and 2010 , dk : discredited because their president was the prime minister in the majority of the 2002-2010 period and 4k : discredited in the eyes of some people , their active discreditation in the eyes of the rest is in progress in the form of ads paid by `` civil organizations '' , another loophole for the campaign rule ) and a new grassroots party could n't get enough publicity without corporate sponsors ... which would then make it discredited . 
  what should we do ? 
  ( there are several action plans : a voting alliance between the opposition parties might be able to remove fidesz from power but it 's unlikely that they would be able to repeal the laws made by the 2/3 and the cemented people of fidesz would do anything to prevent them from fixing the economy . 
  the other action plan is boycotting the vote : fidesz would get a 2/3 again , but with a turnout rate of 20-25 % which would discredit them even more in the eu . 
  also , this would force them to deal with the consequences of the current actions and it might lead to a landslide victory of the opposition in 2018 . ), 
  hungary has also a 5 % threshold . 
  and a party needs to have at least 12 representatives to have a fraction in the parliament . 
  while it 's less than 5 % of the representatives , it 's possible to have a fraction less than 5 % ( for example , if two parties had a common list but want separate fractions ) . 
  it was raised from 10 because ferenc gyurcs\u00e1ny 's new party had exactly 10 representatives in the parliament after separating from mszp . 
  in this case , it looks like it was n't . 
  even giving a 5 for the first question and a 1 to the second question is n't inconsistent . 
  it 's just called misanthropy . 
  have you heard the news about hungarian economy ? 
  you do n't want him to learn anything from us ... 
  if it was a precondition , neither hungary nor slovakia would be in the eu . 
  see : benes-decrees . 
  do n't bet on that , two hungarians have three opinions . 
  yeah . 
  we have one . 
  why could n't we have more ? 
  i really do n't see the problem with halloween parties .
