  yeah , the problem is that one of our governing parties is also stuck in some era before the enlightenment and they have blackmail capabilities as without them the government would n't have 2/3 of the seats and could n't change the constitution and other important laws . 
  despite what the rhetorically conservative government tries to force on the population , into the constitution , laws , etc. . . , hungary is not religious . 
  atheists are the majority of the population and even among the religious population practicing religious are the minority . 
  some people , especially older people in the country observe the fast , but it 's only a very small minority . 
  i can only guess ... cheaper sports ? 
  more locally grown and cheap vegetables and fruits ? 
  more people doing manual labor ? 
  i do n't know exactly , i 've never been there . 
  traditional hungarian dishes are rather rich in calories . 
  they were invented with 10-12 hours of heavy manual labor in mind . 
  like in the us , unhealthy crap is cheaper than healthy food . 
  sport is expensive relative to hungarian wages . 
  sure , running is free , but as soon as you want to go swimming , for example , you have to pay as much as you would in w-europe . 
  our wages are 1/5th of the w-european wages . 
  stress and depression also , obesity is more widespread in the middle-aged / older age groups . 
  younger people maintain their weight better , i sure as hell did n't see a 28 % obesity in high school or at the university - and i was studying computer science and engineering . 
  hungary joining in . 
  yes , it would take away some power from the hungarian people . 
  but on the other hand , it would take away * all * power from hungarian politicians . 
  opel already has one ( ampera ) which is essentially the chevrolet volt , bmw has the i3 plug-in hybrid ( too bad it 's fugly ) ... 
  people around hamburg do n't always speak hochdeutsch . 
  and even if they do n't have an accent , the dialect can still be different . 
  hell , i could n't imitate someone from szeged convincingly , and that 's not far from budapest . 
  and even if i could imitate the accent , i could n't pretend being from there - i have only been there as a tourist . 
  if they ask me the name of the elementary school i attended to , or the name of the street i lived in , i could bluff ... but then , they 'll ask about the landmarks near that street or school , and boom , i 'm found out . 
  no one claims that . 
  it 's relatively easy to find out who is , and who is n't from syria . 
  i know most arabic sounds the same for you , but they also have dialects and accents . 
  you probably could n't claim to be from hamburg to someone who knows german accents and dialects . 
  it 's a slow process because there are not a lot of people in germany who have enough knowledge of arabic to filter them out , but they are not taking in everyone indiscriminately . 
  claiming to be syrian does n't mean automatic asylum though . 
  every british tourist i saw in budapest was drunk . 
  even at noon . 
  probably from the pie root * gheldh - `` to pay '' ( same as `` yield '' in english , btw . ), 
  it was quite the realization i had when i was looking at a bottle of zlaty basant ( `` golden pheasant '' ) beer i just emptied and it just clicked . 
  likely , though i 'm curious where the finns got '' ~ ~ hopeinen ~ ~ hopea '' from ... not from swedish , not from latvian / lithuanian , not from russian and not before the finno-ugric division either . 
  by the time you get there , it will be too late . 
  in fact , it 's already too late . 
  is any taxation theft , or only the < 1 % of the tax that will be spent on the refugees ? 
  that `` migration '' includes both the refugees and people from safe countries . 
  not only greece . 
  economy goes to shit ? 
  blame the jews . 
  government does something stupid ? 
  jews made them do that . 
  refugees are coming ? 
  jews want to replace the white population then exterminate the arabs so that they could have hungary as a second israel . 
  etc. . . 
  then how do you describe a party that is all for individual freedoms , yet not that adamant on economic freedoms ? 
  these are actually 2 dependent axes , liberal / authoritarian and more state / less state . 
  sure , classic liberals were all for free market , but nowadays parties are all over the spectrum . 
  the most liberal party of the post-communist hungary was all for gay rights , minority rights , women 's rights , drug decriminalization / legalization , but initially they also pushed for more spending . 
  once the long-time president of the party ( who was pushing them fiscally to the left ) resigned , the party swung back a bit , still left from the center , but not left enough for the socialists , which also led to a schism in the coalition . 
  but hungary has no major fiscally right-wing parties . 
  you ca n't win an election ( or even get to the parliament ) by promising less spending . 
  in hungary the left-right divide is more about being socially progressive / conservative than about fiscal policies . 
  the closest thing to liberals hungarian politics had to offer in the last 25 years were left-liberals . 
  except that claiming you 're syrian does n't give you refugee status automatically . 
  in related news , if you have a linguistics degree with a specialization in the levant dialects of arabic , you should probably apply for a job in germany . 
  contracting is standard practice , true . 
  but the contractor companies are usually a lot smaller than the companies they service . 
  they would be hurt by the fines more , so they risk even more than the big companies . 
  believe me , redditors are not the only people who thought about this , contractor companies will be under strict scrutiny for the next years . 
  also , their clients want quality workforce . 
  who do you think they would prefer , people who speak at least basic german , or people who do n't ? 
  if a big client drops them because they have been importing people from poland who are n't taught german by their government , they would lose a lot more . 
  yup , treating immigrants as terrorists is a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  but the terrorists wo n't be the first generation refugees , they have enough experience with extreme islam that nothing short of government-sanctioned public executions will turn them extreme . 
  the terrorists will be second / third generation immigrants , who will see prime ministers , presidents and ordinary citizens spewing hatred openly , claiming that muslims and non-muslims can never live in the same country in peace , etc. . . 
  if the hate propaganda goes on ( and it does n't look like it 's going to stop anytime soon ) , there will be attacks on muslim-looking people . 
  if only every 100th muslim is insulted / attacked , then only every 10th of them develops a hatred for everything european , out of those only every 10th one gets in contact with a radical imam either online or offline , and of those only 10 % are fucked in the head enough to become terrorists , you 'll have more terrorists on your hand than isis could ever smuggle in . 
  the politicians inciting hate are basically the best isis recruiters . 
  add unemployment rate , and you get a flat graph . 
  https://www.justlanded.com/english/germany/articles/jobs/contracting-in-germany ( the relevant point here is the aug licence , as the illegal refugees would n't be able to work as self-employed ) . 
  you ca n't just create a contractor in 2 minutes and start lending out workforce . 
  on one hand , they have lots of immigrants who are legally in germany , legal to hire , have integration courses ( including german courses ) funded by the state , and receive at least some financial support from the state , so they would work for minimal wage . 
  the companies might even get a tax break for employing them , if they play their cards right . 
  on the other hand , there are immigrants allocated to other countries who would work in germany illegally . 
  they are n't taught german , they do n't get benefits from the state , so they will demand a wage that should pay for at least a room and their food ( which is not much below the minimal wage , of course they wo n't have to pay taxes for them , but still ... ) , they are there illegally so they risk a fine , and if they are caught , they will lose the time invested in training that worker . 
  simply , there are no benefits that would justify the costs ( that they would n't be able to get today by hiring illegals from e-europe , anyway ) . 
  what do you mean ? 
  if you meant that they might only hire a small number of illegals first and ramp up the number , then you assume that the companies are actively going out of their way to be evil . 
  at this point it would be actually easier and simpler for them to just open a fucking plant in , say , poland . 
  at this point you 're reaching a level of complexity that it would be much simpler to just hire the ones who arrived to germany legally . 
  then the fines should be cranked up to a level that would hurt even the big companies . 
  in a company as large as vw they would be found out , because the unions would n't like illegal workers depressing wages below the minimum wage , reducing the legal protections afforded to workers , etc. . . 
  why would * any * german company hire them ( and risk a hefty fine ) when they will have a huge pool of legal immigrants to hire from ? 
  e-european poor people only matter for the right-wing if they can contrast them with someone else . 
  that fucker orb\u00e1n has been stealing billions of euros and spending another couple of billions on his hobby ( building unnecessary soccer stadiums everywhere - fuck , even some div . 
  3 teams get stadiums for $ 1mil or so - he fucking got a stadium built next to his house , ffs ) and has been cutting the education and healthcare budget each year , but now that his rhetoric is turned against brown people , suddenly he is a far-right god looking out for hungarians and europe . 
  give me a break ... 
  interestingly , our ( hungary ) word for thursday is `` cs\u00fct\u00f6rt\u00f6k '' , which is related to the pie-four ( via slavic languages ) ; it meant `` fourth day '' originally . 
  there was a post a while back about the word for apple , which in hungarian ( and only in hungarian , and two closely related languages on the suspected path of hungarians from the ural ) was proto-turkic . 
   do western european countries benefit from accepting syrian refugees the same way they benefited from accepting polish immigrants ? 
  the answer is no . 
  you need to recalibrate the detector . 
  these people have worked before , syria had a 10 % unemployment before the war , 7 % for men . 
  german unemployment is the lowest in the eu , there are still 600,000 unfilled jobs and the global economy seems to be bouncing back from the recession . 
  companies are actually pushing the government to allow the hiring of refugees as soon as they get their status . 
  germany has learned from the case of turkish workers in the '60s - '70s , and developed an improved integration program for the syrians .
