  monolingual , bilingual and trilingual are all greek + latin , so tetralingual should be the logical next step . 
  ( technically i think you could use purely greek , monoglot , biglot , triglot , tetraglot , etc. . . or pure latin , uniligual , dilingual , trilingual , quatrolingual ... however , the commonly accepted english words are the greek + latin combination words . ), 
  more likely english and danish , though this question would be relevant to my interests . 
  i 'm hungarian , living in rotterdam - if i happen to find a woman who is fucked in the head enough to tolerate me , there is a pretty good chance that the only common language with her will be english . 
  and if due to brain damage or temporary insanity we decide to have a child , i do n't know whether the child can be raised to be tri / tetralingual , or if we should stick to english and dutch . 
  ca n't we just use the flair statistics ? 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zhme7of.png ) , not hungarian , but it does n't make any difference , it would be the same . 
  note , we 're not taught to write this way , we 're only taught cursive in school . 
  i developed this to be faster . 
  that 's what they are doing with the groups , from what i 've seen : every stadium outside the uk has 3 group matches and one best-16 or one quarterfinal . 
  the issue is the following : assume germany is in group a with group matches in azerbaijan and italy is in group h with group matches in hungary . 
  germany wins group a , italy is second place of group h . their best-16 match is in hungary , germany wins , and the quarterfinal of germany vs. whoever is in azerbaijan again . 
  then the german fans spend the group matches in baku , then travel to budapest for a best-16 and travel back to baku for a qf . 
  that 's quite a lot of traveling . 
  ( and then if the germans win the qf , they 'll have to go to the uk too . ), 
  good point . 
  i actually forgot that buses exist and assumed that the fans would travel by train , which would n't be pretty in the knockout stage - team a beats team b but their fans already have the reservations for the next match ... traveling on the same train ... ow . 
  i think in the cl the teams have smaller fan bases than national teams . 
  it 's not transporting the teams themselves that looks difficult . 
  and while smokers ' treatment costs money , they do n't require equipment that the hospitals did n't have already . 
  bariatric equipment is expensive as fuck . 
  wait , euro 2020 will be held all over europe ? 
  this has all the makings of a logistical nightmare . 
  budapest / central hungary : definite yes . 
  though it would be a bit silly for the capital to secede . 
  south holland ( the region , not the country ) : no . 
  what would be the point ? 
  dammit , they actually thought about it and sanitize their inputs ... 
  i 'll just wait , maybe in hungary they will enact a system like this in the future . 
  since the contract will be given to a friend of the government who will use the cheapest subcontractor ( and `` redistribute '' a part of the difference ) , it might be less secure . 
  there are plenty , they just do n't torch synagogues . 
  and london is apparently peterborough , but at least they got the country right . 
   `` script `` alert ( ` l' ) '' / script '' nice try , little bobby tables . 
  i wonder if ' ) ; drop table votes ; -- would work . 
   no one should ever have to travel more than 15 minutes to reach anything transporters for everyone !, 
  kurva / kurwa is essentially the same . 
  no , that 's the president . 
  the prime minister does n't have fixed terms in theory ( in practice the pm is elected every 4 years but can be voted out by the parliament in the meantime ) . 
  and no term limits . 
   stay and work to vote orban and co out of power . 
  that can be done from abroad too . 
  of course they try to make it harder ( if you still have a hungarian address , you can only vote on the embassies and consulates ... meaning that , say , if you have still a hungarian address and live in california , you have to go to washington d.c. to vote ) but it still can be done . 
  not overseas but in other eu-countries . 
  britain is technically overseas ( london is one of the largest hungarian cities ) but there are more of us in germany . 
  `` wrong end '' is a much better translation . 
  no , it does n't . 
  it sounds like the ramblings of a not very smart 14yo as imagined by a not very smart 41yo . 
  so which ngos would be appropriate ? 
  so ... the exact story : 1 . 
  in 2011 norway , iceland and lichtenstein signed a treaty , pledging to give hungary $ 150 million in 2013-2014 through eea subsidies . 
  ( obviously mostly norway , they provide 97 % of the funds . ), 
  $ 133.5 million of this is distributed through the national development agency ( government-controlled , a synonym for `` most of this is going to be stolen '' in hungary ) . 
  the remaining $ 16.5 million is distributed directly to charitable ngos through the [ \u00d6kot\u00e1rs foundation ] ( http://okotars.hu/en ) via a tender . 
  the norwegian civil fund distributed this money to [ these organizations ] ( http://norvegcivilalap.hu/en/tamogatott ) . 
  lots of them are environmentalist , lgbt , minority and transparency organizations . 
  obviously the government did n't like this . 
  5 . j\u00e1nos l\u00e1z\u00e1r , the most disgusting piece of shit in the hungarian parliament ( a really , * really * strong competition ) wrote [ this letter ] ( https://docs.google.com/file/d/0b3tgfl2abakynxi4z2hlewzfv3m/edit ) to vidar helgesen . 
  however , the letter published on the hungarian government 's site did n't match the one i linked . 
  it contained another paragraph accusing norway of trying to subvert hungarian democracy by supporting lmp , an opposition party that got 5.26 % of the votes . 
  ( given that they are the most significant party that openly supports environmentalism , lgbt-rights , etc. . . ) 7 . 
  then the hungarian government unilaterally replaced the \u00d6kot\u00e1rs foundation with the technically-independent but state-owned sz\u00e9chenyi programiroda nonprofit ltd. 8 . 
  and this was the point when helgensen decided not to pay the eea-subsidies , because the hungarian government violated the treaty . 
  this does n't have to do anything with the russian situation , it 's simply the result of our dear government not wanting that $ 16.5 million to go unstolen . 
  mostly messing with internal policies of the member states unnecessarily . 
  an infamous example in the us is the federal highway funds being tied to a drinking age of 21 . 
  the federal government is essentially straight-up blackmailing the member states , it should n't happen in the eu . 
  now i accept that the federal government has to mess with internal policies sometimes , to enforce european civil rights , the equal treatment of eu-citizens , etc. . . - but intrusions like that , especially ideologically motivated ones should not be allowed . 
  yes , the line between tolerable and intolerable intrusions is blurry . 
  this is something that has to be defined before the federalization goes beyond the minimal requirements for statehood ( common military , foreign policy and monetary policy ) . 
  pro , assuming that the power of the federal government would be more limited than the usa 's . 
  ( i 'm from hungary , anything that limits our shithead politicians is good . ), 
   this statement makes it really difficult to identify as `` close '' to libertarian position . 
  perhaps you 're just a moderate liberal ? 
  the recognition that state is harmful is important to libertarians and most of them accept it as necessary evil . 
  if you do n't think state is evil then you are very very far from libertarians . 
  libertarians are not conservatives who like drug legalization and homosex you know  let me clarify : the state is * currently * evil , more than necessarily . 
  a smaller state would be better and if i was to build a state on an island populated by people with near-equal wealth then it would be more likely than not a minarchist state . 
  however , we do n't live in a vacuum . 
  switching to a libertarian state suddenly would end in a disaster . 
  even if we started moving towards it , it would take several generations to reach a point where a state that only keeps the citizens safe would be sufficient . 
  i 'm not saying that it wo n't happen in my lifetime , but that 's just because i plan to live forever . 
  so far , so good . 
  but i 'm comfortable with saying that the probability of this happening before we next see halley 's comet is close to 0 . 
  so , to sum it up , the state right now is evil , but it can be a force to move society towards self-sufficiency , which would be a good thing . 
  sorry for not writing more , i did n't wake up today thinking that i have to write a manifesto . 
   but that 's hardly a position which puts you at odds with the current electoral model as opposed to the previous one . 
  if you 're in favour of direct democracy or liquid democracy or whatever other concept is out there then it should be only relevant whether a representative is more or less tied to a constituency . 
  therefore you should - in theory - oppose the reform but only on the ground that it enlarges every constituency by 100 % . 
  and that 's it really ... 
  it would be wonderful ... if the representatives voted according to the best interest of their constituencies , or at least according to their own conscience , instead of simply voting by party lines . 
  the last time there was any dissent from the party guidelines in the hungarian parliament was in 2004 when someone from fidesz voted no on the eu membership . 
  constituencies are another thing that sounds great but does n't work in practice . 
  i should be able to cast my vote directly on everything i want to vote on and delegate my vote to someone about subjects i do n't want to vote on . 
  it could be done online . 
  everyone has a vote . 
  everyone can also have a `` default delegate '' who wields this vote when they themselves do n't want to . 
  this dd can be a person or an organization . 
  organizations would still vote uniformly . 
  anyone who has over 0.5 % of the default delegations can propose a law . 
  people or organizations can put 1 person into the parliament ( all expenses paid ) for every 0.5 % of default delegations they get .
