  sure , it 's an option , but it seems a bit overcomplicated , do n't you think ? 
  i mean , it looks like a lot of legal work just to ensure that children given up for adoption do n't end up with gay parents and , horrible dictu , possibly gay ( not like there was any evidence that growing up with gay parents would make them gay , after all , the vast majority of gay people grew up with straight parents , but let 's look at it from the right 's perspective ) . 
  i 'm a programmer , so i consider code duplication an abomination in the eyes of k&r . be it program code , or legal code . 
  and medical proxy rights , and inheritance in absence of ( or even despite , in some cases ) a will , potentially alimony rights ... 
  the rights granted by marriage are quite broader than most people think . 
  or just saying `` fuck it '' and using their near-monopoly in the non-us streaming market to force content producers to give them a pan-eu license for everything . 
  one can hope ... 
  apparently once he gets nominated as a commissioner , he ca n't be recalled by fidesz or the hungarian govt . 
  he went against the party line several times in the past . 
  but right now a lot of content is simply unavailable in smaller and poorer countries , regardless of whether a certain resident can afford it . 
  imo it 's better for the content producers if most people pirate the content because they ca n't afford it than if everyone pirates it because it is unavailable otherwise . 
  the refugee system is severely overloaded with war refugees . 
  determining someone 's claim for political asylum is much harder , especially if there are no literal death squads marching on the streets of their home country . 
  i 'm already making plan c. i seriously hope that the polls are more accurate than in the us ( even if it 's peil that gets it the closest ) , but with the potential hidden voters , it 's entirely possible that the geert wilders fan club will get 40 + seats , and then they will have a much easier time making some sort of a coalition . 
  [ this will surely end well for them . 
  it 's creepy as fuck , but one ca n't explain why people think that something costing 89.99 is significantly cheaper than something costing 90.00 without it . 
  once you stop thinking about it for a second , you realize that it 's not , but if you go without thinking and listen to your subconscious , you 'll end up believing that a cent is significant . 
  hungary stopped minting 1 and 2 forint coins in 2008 , the prices still end in 9 . 
  behavioral economics and neuromarketing win this battle every time . 
  you could always use double-acutes , or `` hungarumlauts '' . 
  like this : \u00d6 - short \u0150 - long, 
  especially in that part of the city . 
  not really . 
  we 're * taught * german , and i was fluent in my prime ( i can still read it and i 'm working on getting it back to that level ) , but i went to a school that specialized in languages ( 2 german lessons every day ) for a while . 
  language education in hungary is a joke . 
  it was hit-and-miss at best , even before the new education policies reduced teacher autonomy to zero . 
  in a normal `` gymnasium '' ( basically high school , they usually provide education from 14 , 12 , and rarely 10 years of age ) there are only 2-3 language classes per week , with groups up to a whole class ( 20 + kids ) , and teachers who are overworked at best and speak the target language worse than some kids at worst . 
  at the university level it 's better ( at least at some universities ) , but still , every student from my high school class who had an `` intermediate '' language exam ( b2 , basically ) before graduation had private classes . 
  then the app could use the api of random.org , which is true random . 
  or the app could just take audio from the microphone , which is held to a radio tuned to a dead channel . 
  you do n't * need * to use the java rng though . 
  there are many ways to generate an otp . 
  a terrorists with some java experience can code up a otp-generator and text encrypter in an afternoon . 
  someone with a bit more can then add a steganography option that can hide the text in a png unnoticeable . 
  any surveillance or backdoors into existing services would only catch the stupidest terrorists - and dissenters . 
  nah , current evidence points to him being a regular pos before prison , where he became an islamist pos . 
  probably because being openly atheistic is a more polarizing position for a politician than being openly moderately religious . 
  atheists are more likely to vote for a moderately religious candidate whose other political beliefs align with theirs than the reverse . 
  since parties ( and politicians ) want to alienate as few voters as possible , they 'll ( claim to ) be moderately religious ( even if they are actually agnostic or even atheists ) . 
  for a while the german police had the wrong suspect . 
  if he had a train ticket lined up , he could have made it easily . 
  it 's said that he became an islamist piece of shit in prison . 
  it should be relatively easy to find the one who recruited him in there , he probably has more valuable intel anyway . 
  yep , these days journalists are only allowed to ask questions in a small , easily avoidable corridor of the parliament . 
  i 'll go one further : it means that the elections are decided by a few hundred thousand people at most . 
  voters in stable states do n't matter . 
  california wo n't be red even if the democrats ' candidate would be literally satan and texas would happily vote for cthulhu as long as he is the republican candidate . 
  so only the swing states matter . 
  and even there , it 's only the undecided-but-politically-active voters who count . 
  swing states are swing states because the number of decided voters for either party is roughly the same . 
  that might be true , but not all of the representatives of a country are delegated by the party that got the most votes . 
  if the american states had their electors distributed proportionally ( and not that bs elector-for-congressional-district thing that the two non-winner-takes-all states do , it 's the same problem pushed one level down ) , it would be much less problematic ( even though it would still favor the republicans , but less than the current system ) . 
  is n't piet more opposed by the surinamese who are generally not muslims ? 
  yeah , and how good would it be without those filthy immigrants ? 
  ( / s , if my flair was n't enough . ), 
   especially if coupled with the electoral reform what electoral reform , are you going fptp too ? 
  because if that 's the case , then fuck that noise . 
  i think it 's quite telling that the last picture ( it 's from 2013 or so ) is already obsolete . 
  the construction of the markthal has already started on the picture , but it was finished in 2014 . 
  if you have webgl , [ here is how that picture would look like now . 
  ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/@51.9273959,4.4681684,298a,20y,124.5h,75.87t/data=!3m1!1e3 ), 
  and that 's when you lose the viewers from post-communist countries . 
   too much pepper no such thing . 
  annexing mexico would at least stop illegal immigration from mexico . 
  [ comic sfw , the ads not necessarily . 
  ] ( http://oglaf.com/assorted-fruits/ ) rest of the comics - more likely to be nsfw than not . 
  not zombie , since he preserved his consciousness ( and apparently the ability to perform magic ) after his resurrection . 
  jesus was clearly a lich . 
  yeah , all those poor motorcycles that fell over ... that 's got ta be an expensive repair . 
  what makes a monument a monument ? 
  if we preserve every old thing , then we 're just hoarding . 
  that castle was neither architecturally , nor historically significant . 
  i 'm all for preserving significant buildings , but it should have something more making it significant than `` no one has bothered to demolish it in the last 150 years '' . 
  that 's because of the people inside it . 
  as an - by some definition - eastern-european living in the netherlands who already held a bsc in computer engineering when coming here : fuck you !, 
  ( also , even the uneducated from hungary are doing jobs here that no born dutchman would do , like greenhouse work or working in meat plants . 
  the only ones in those plants born west from the 14th eastern longitude are the managers . ), 
  yeah , but the sail is only every five years . 
  lol , i just checked why the fuck is a soviet flag the most upvoted picture . 
  turns out , some people decided to seo-hack t-systems ( t-mobile 's it services branch in hungary ) with that picture in response to them reporting a white-hat `` hacker '' to the police . 
  the top comment there tries to do the same with the ceo of the budapest transport company ( they ordered the system with the abysmal security that was `` hacked '' ) and stalin . 
  shit , he seems like a carbon copy of orb\u00e1n . 
  yeah , he 's one bad divorce away from naming hungarians public enemy # 1 . 
   and obviously eastern euros salaries are lower , even for the ones who speak the local language . 
  heh , i work at the dutch branch of an american company , and the offices are full of e-euros ( polish , russian , ukrainian , etc. . . - if you can find it on the map , there 's someone from there , even the odd hungarian like me ) . 
  our wages are well above the sectoral average . 
  for speakers of indo-european languages , you mean . 
  for a hungarian who does n't speak any foreign language , esperanto would be just as hard as elvish / klingon / dothraki / valyrian / heptapod . 
  / r/sindarin / r/tlhinganhol just two conlangs with more speakers . 
  did n't it pass the 2e kamer a while ago ? 
  sure , it still has to get through the 1e , but that 's just a formality , right ? 
  and i wish they could have left it as a hack & slash / driving hybrid . 
  or if they insisted on including the rts , maybe they should have given the units some more ai and / or made the heroes a lot stronger so a sufficiently skilled player could basically solo the fights in story mode . 
  the netherlands is about to jump a few places up in the list with the [ zalmhaven tower ] ( http://www.nieuws.top010.nl/zalmhaventoren-rotterdam.htm ) , planned to be finished in 2020 . 
  depends . 
  if it stands alone , or is followed by a consonant ( like in `` kacsacs\u0151r\u0171 kerry '' ) then i would pronounce it longer than a mid-word \u00fc . 
  if it 's followed by a vowel ( like in the common `` kacsacs\u0151r\u0171 eml\u0151s '' ) then it 's just a shade longer than an \u00fc . 
  it also probably varies by dialect . 
  close enough , though the last two vowels are long . 
  [ on the top of the hill .
