  if the war ends in 6 years and syria ( or the countries that are left there , dividing syria is still an option ) is n't controlled by extremists , these people will go back there with a working knowledge of german , possibly english , more on-the-job experience and some saved money , helping to stabilize the region and providing local workforce for german companies who want to expand there to participate in the rebuilding . 
  ( not out of charity , but enlightened self-interest : western countries will donate money to stabilize the region , the companies will make a nice profit , and syria / post-syrian countries will be rebuilt , a win for all . ), 
  if the war does n't end by then , they might apply for citizenship - if they speak german , have a job and do n't have any priors . 
  it can be a win-win if it 's managed well . 
  and i know the world is unfair , it sucks . 
  does n't mean * i * have to be unfair , or a hypocrite . 
  but this is different , those people are all brown , and they are part of the sharia-wanting europe-hating muslim hivemind !, 
  ^ ^ ^ / s ^ ^ ^ for ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ sarcasm-impaired . 
  refugee status is not eternal . 
  the minimum time requirement for refugees in germany is 6 years . 
  if the war ends before that , they will be moved back . 
   so they cross a number of borders illegally , refuse to apply for asylum , refuse to get registered there , attack the police , pay money to criminals to get smuggled illegally rather than following the procedure and they are still innocent ? 
  in not wanting to work ? 
  yes . 
  they are innocent in that . 
  believe me , if i were stuck at a turkish refugee camp , i would do the same to get to work . 
  you could also claim that if someone is proven to download movies , they are also shoplifters . 
  ( also , not all of them attack the police , which is the most serious charge you listed . 
  if you can condemn a group for the actions of a minority , then you can also jail every soccer fan for the behavior of the ultras . ), 
   you really believe things will get better with time ? 
  no , things will get worse in the long run , much worse . 
  the world is going downhill , we really screwed the pooch on the whole climate issue , and european pension systems will collapse , some sooner than others . 
  however , regarding the refugee processing system , yes . 
  definitely . 
  winter will give them some breathing room which will allow them to catch up with their work , they are going to hire more people , and migration is not constant or exponential , it 's cyclic . 
   you do n't know how this works , do you ? 
  they absolutely do n't care if they will be deported , getting free stuff and welfare money until their application is rejected is still a win for them . 
  it is nothing more than just exploiting the situation . 
  it 's not exactly luxurious . 
  before they are being processed , they are only getting food and shelter , in a crowded refugee camp . 
   they do n't want to get a job and integrate in society , they want welfare payments . 
  why is that idea so foreign ? 
  european law is based on `` innocent until proven guilty '' . 
  stereotyping a whole country is idiotic , they are not a hivemind . 
  germany has an active integration program . 
  if by next time this year the statistics will show that most of the syrians refuse to participate in these programs , i will accept the `` i told you so '' - s. until then , stop the bullshit stereotyping , this is the same shit right-wingers in the uk told about romanians and bulgarians , for example . 
   why `` will be deported '' , what exactly prevented them from being deported until now ? 
  still most of those are not from syria and yet they successfully entered eu ( lots of sources confirm that , eurostat included ) . 
  capacity . 
  for every interview germany needs people who know syria and the dialects / accents of arabic well enough to tell if someone is actually from syria or not . 
  it takes time , a border guard ca n't tell if someone is a pakistani without papers claiming to be syrian , or a syrian who lost his papers . 
  the ones who `` got in '' are temporarily housed until they are processed , if they are not syrian , they will be deported . 
  they did n't get refugee status yet . 
   it would if the migrants were predominantly from syria , but they are not , so stabillizing syria wo n't stop them . 
  migrants who are not from an unsafe country will be deported . 
  how do you think someone from , say , pakistan would answer to the questions about the landmark closest to the elementary school he attended to ? 
  and if he is clever enough that he responds with a school that is actually in the city he gave as the answer to a previous question while avoiding using words in his native dialect , using words from the dialect around his claimed hometown and faking the local accent , and to answer to an array of similar questions believably , he might be an asset . 
  people seem to think that germany believes everyone who claims to be from syria ... 
   3 ) eu run camps in crisis regions , with the ability to deport people there i 'm not sure those ones are already set up , but once they are , i 'd assume that 's where the people from the boats go for processing . 
  syrian unemployment was 10 % before the war , they are n't any lazier than european countries . 
  a refugee who does n't work wo n't be able to get citizenship even if the war lasts long enough ( 6 years in case of germany ) . 
  a refugee who does n't get citizenship will be deported after the war . 
  if europe ca n't absorb the ones who actually make the journey from the refugee camps , how can we hope that turkey , jordan and lebanon will ? 
  i would be ok with improving the conditions in refugee camps by establishing schools ( trained construction workers will be in huge demand once the war is over ) , manufactures , hospitals , etc. . . but first we have to deal with the ones already here . 
  winter will probably give europe a bit of breathing room , that should be the time for implementing the long-term solutions . 
  right now europe has to deal with a crisis that only became a crisis because we refused to do anything about it for months . 
  as someone who moved to another country for a better life , i will never condemn someone else for doing the same , even if they do it illegally . 
  i would be a huge hypocrite otherwise . 
  by using the shots of groups of refugees demanding free stuff , the right wing media is just as manipulative as the left wing is by using only shots of children . 
  i 'm going to go by the assumption of `` innocent until proven guilty '' and i wo n't say `` they only want free stuff '' until i see the employment statistics of syrian immigrants in germany next year . 
  ( in fact , i 'll never say `` they all just want free stuff '' because they are not a fucking hivemind . 
  but i wo n't say `` most of them just want free stuff '' until i see the stats . ), 
  yup , it 's quite hypocritical . 
  polish ( or in my case , hungarian ) guy wants to move from a country with bad education , healthcare , shitty jobs and low wages to germany ( or in my case , netherlands ) for better education , healthcare and wages ? 
  sure , enjoy your stay as long as you want . 
  syrian guy wants to move from a fucking tent camp with no education , healthcare , jobs or wages to germany ? 
  no , fuck you , go back to your tent camp , you 're not being shot at !, 
  the second one ( who did n't have a gun or a bomb , and was most likely just looking for a free ride to paris ) is tunisian , according to the statement of the police . 
  the broken clock is apparently right now . 
  the question of the ones already here is still up in the air though . 
  i would actually go further and establish hotspots for acquiring working visas . 
  also , some funds should be sequestered for the establishment of schools , training centers and manufactures . 
  not having food / water / healthcare is only part of the problem , the people in the refugee camps had to put their lives on hold , and there is a huge difference between merely surviving and living - big enough that they would journey to germany for it . 
  establishing a way for them to go on with their lives would remove a pretty big incentive imo . 
  ( and after the war european companies tasked by the un with rebuilding could hire trained syrian workers - more profits for the companies , more wages for syrians , and more rebuilding done for the same money . 
  win-win , imo . ), 
  it 's not completely unique . 
  there 's a scene in the wire where the * only * word they use for a crime scene investigation is `` fuck '' ( and its conjugations ) . 
  [ starts at the 1-minute mark ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=so0ww2qxiyc ) we have a much bigger selection of words though . 
  from hungary : * german ( austria ) : i used to be fluent , but now i 'm a bit rusty . 
  * romanian : i speak spanish and i learned latin , so i can read it a bit . 
  * slavic neighbors : sorry , nope . 
  i can mostly read cyrillic ( i know , slovakia , slovenia and croatia use latin ) and i know a word or two , but that 's it . 
  as for neighbors of the netherlands : * germany : see above . 
  * belgium / walloon ( french ) : as i said , i speak spanish and i learned latin , so i can read it a bit . 
  i can also understand ep-french , but that 's because they are keeping it simple and speak slowly so representatives who know some french do n't have to rely on the interpreters . 
  * belgium / flanders ( flemish ) : i 'm getting to the point where i can actually understand dutch . 
  i can read it almost perfectly though , but i probably would n't understand words and expressions unique to flemish . 
  nu.nl has [ an article ] ( http://www.nu.nl/buitenland/4128895/thalys-trekt-lering-verijdelde-aanslag.html ) right now saying that thalys is introducing new measures because of the * moroccan * ( it 's in the article ) gunner last month . 
  they also published [ pictures ] ( http://media.nu.nl/m/jwkxw9dasahz_wd640.jpg ) of the arrested guy where his skin color is clearly visible . 
  i do n't like the pc police either , but i think this time they do n't say his exact ethnicity / nationality because they just do n't know it yet ( he was transported to the hospital due to what seemed like a panic attack ) . 
  one would think that not biting cops would be the first thing they drill into the dogs at the training . 
  alright everyone , so [ here is the official statement of the dutch police . 
  ] ( https://www.politie.nl/mijn-buurt/nieuws/2015/september/18/07-jongeman-aangehouden-na-verdacht-gedrag-in-thalys.html ) ( in dutch ) rough summary / translation ( might contain mistakes , my dutch is far from perfect ) : at approx 7:00 the guy ran on board the train in rotterdam and locked himself in the toilet . 
  he was seen by the people at the surveillance who did n't trust him and notified their coworkers ( or the police , i 'm not sure who the `` collega 's '' refers to here ) . 
  they evacuated platforms 1 to 9 ( the station has 16 platforms ) and called in a negotiator , but he could n't contact him , so they also called in the ct unit and the search dogs . 
  they managed to arrest him . 
  after the arrest he became unwell and was transported to a hospital under guard . 
  ( this is why they do n't know his identity yet . ), 
  one cop got bitten by a police dog , he received first aid on the scene .
