  if they can somehow support their taxes with an international practice ( even if said practice is n't about this tax * at all * ) , then `` international practices are good and we 're just integrating deeper '' or `` sorry , we did n't want to enact this tax , but the evil eu / imf / whoever-is-the-scapegoat-now forced us '' . 
  if they go against the international practices then `` international practices are evil and we 're fighting a war of independence '' . 
  they pretty much perfected doublespeak already . 
  great , now the hungarian government will claim that it 's a european standard . 
  ( they are charging a 0.1 % tax not only on financial transactions but every transaction - including bank transfers , credit card payments and cash withdrawals . ), 
  good to hear that it 's not restricted to our politicians . 
  i hope so , i do n't see the quality of hungarian politicians improving , so some more control from the eu over them would be welcome . 
  actually , `` goulash '' irritates * us * a lot . 
  because originally , it 's a hungarian word . 
  in hungarian it 's written as `` guly\u00e1s '' and originally refers to the man guarding the `` gulya '' ( herd of cattle ) - essentially , the cowboy of the wild east . 
  `` guly\u00e1sleves '' ( guly\u00e1s 's soup ) is the traditional soup they could cook in a cauldron over a bonfire , a thick soup made of beef and various vegetables . 
  this was shortened to simply `` guly\u00e1s '' , especially when the profession became obsolete . 
  which part ? 
  we call it on its greek name because it was n't imported by turkish immigrants . 
  yeah , currently many gyros buffets are operated by turks and other middle-eastern people , but it was n't the situation when it was brought to hungary . 
  in the early '90s we did n't have gyros buffets and lots of hungarians ( myself included ) became familiar with it while on vacation in greece . 
  gyros buffets only started spreading in the mid-90s * especially * because greece was a popular and cheap destination ( hell , many restaurants in olympic beach and paralia had hungarian menus ) and lots of hungarians have grown fond of it . 
  calling it gyros was the logical move as it was the name people were familiar with it . 
  the part that it 's the default drunk food ? 
  well , it 's not worse than hamburger or pizza . 
  except for the garlic breath , but when you 're taking home a girl , you simply ask for a gyros without garlic sauce . 
  hungary . 
  though we usually call it on the greek name ( gyros ) . 
  it 's the default drunk food as the gyros buffets are usually open well into the night . 
  abolition of roaming & data roaming fees !, 
  in this case it would be a lot easier . 
  when you 're torrenting , you 're anonymous . 
  your ip is only stored on the tracker which might be anywhere in the world . 
  for a paid political ad , there 's always a paper trail and it 's not exactly hard to identify who ordered the ad and who is hosting the site the ad appears on ( assuming a large site like origo or index - smaller , personal sites wo n't be fined , but they do n't have enough visitors for that to matter ) . 
  the only legal loopholes are hiding behind civil organizations ( see : b\u00e9kemenet ads ) , state propaganda and maybe free ads , though those would only appear on sites already affiliated with parties . 
  the law was fortunately thrown out , so there 's no real need for these loopholes . 
  they might still push it separately , though i think it would be thrown out as well on the grounds of violating the freedom of speech . 
  yeah , the current pirate party sucks . 
  on the other hand , it 's a wiki-party so the individual members have more influence on the direction of the party so it 's not exactly hopeless . 
  but it still sucks since it originates from another party . 
  the constitutional court threw that part out as well as it was in the same law . 
  which is good because it also banned political ads from the internet which made it impossible for a pirate party-style grassroots party to get even a single percent . 
  they actually changed it to an even more fucked-up system ( they can get the same amount of seats with 30-40 % of the votes now ) . 
  custom text would be nice as there are many people ( myself included ) who are living abroad and we 'll have to account for erasmus-children as well . 
  if `` present '' means `` giving them twice the monthly average wage to make sure that we wake up after the surgery '' then yes , we do . 
  hungarian women are prettier than average . 
  after moving to the netherlands i have to conclude : a hungarian 5 passes as a 7 elsewhere ; a hungarian 10 would make most foreigners explode in their pants . 
  as for dating ... 
  i wish i knew . 
  or maybe i just underestimated how bad us drivers can be ... on the other hand , the people who are the harshest about the us are the american redditors . 
  it 's just that the hungarians on the english-speaking part of the ` net are usually better informed and have a better perspective than most . 
  and in an international light , we * do * have it bad ( the taxes employers have to pay after a worker are more than the net wage , we have the highest vat in the world at 27 % , first-world prices and third-world wages , * very * bad corruption ( state capture ) , etc. . . - and the majority of the voters do n't see it because they do n't speak foreign languages ) . 
  our technique may be better ( we have more rigorous training and exams and if someone ca n't drive safely , their immediate reaction is n't to buy a suv because most people ca n't afford it ) , but the morale is n't . 
  depends on the parts , really . 
  i lived near the k\u00e1lv\u00e1ria , pretty much next door to the magdolna street . 
  barring the j\u00f3zsefv\u00e1ros market , the magdolna and the surroundings are the worst part of the city . 
  collecting the bribes from drug dealers , yeah . 
  yup . 
  buda is ok , though there are bad areas in the outer districts . 
  but pest ... in the 8th and 9th districts crossing the nagyk\u00f6r\u00fat is like entering a different city . 
  the part of 8th and 9th between nagyk\u00f6r\u00fat and hung\u00e1ria k\u00f6r\u00fat is pretty much a ghetto with a few crime-free enclaves . 
  i had the misfortune of not living in one of these enclaves . 
   everybody complain all the time . 
  everybody are experts in everything . 
  so it 's true , hungarians and polish are truly brothers . 
  i can only compare it to budapest and in comparison the public transport here is horrible . 
  luckily , i can get anywhere on bike and the whole city is smaller than the inner city of budapest . 
  i have only used the bus like 2 times since i moved here . 
  true , the density of public transport is comparable to that of debrecen ( population : 100.000 ) . 
  however , crime is still lower . 
  yeah , i really thought you people were just joking when you said that you can experience the four seasons in a single day !, 
  exactly . 
  i only know supermarket-dutch because they always switch to english instead of just slowing down . 
  hungary , and especially budapest : pros : * the nightlife ( there are rock clubs , pubs and every kind of entertainment you desire , the drinks are fucking cheap and even if you do n't feel like going to a pub , you can just buy some wine and sit out in the parks - technically it 's illegal , but the police does n't give a shit as long as you remain civilized ) , * the density of the public transportation grid ( you can get anywhere in a reasonable time ) , * the girls - yeah , every country claims that their girls are the prettiest , but i did n't realize how utterly spoiled i was until i moved to the netherlands , * the weather . 
  summer is hot , winter is cold , autumn and spring are rainy . 
  as they are supposed to be . 
  cons : * traffic . 
  driving morale is essentially like in italy with a dash of usa . 
  bicycles are hated . 
  * politics . 
  everywhere . 
  people can be extremely fanatical about it . 
  * the city is filthy . 
  even the tourist-frequented areas are pretty filthy and it only gets worse . 
  and the buildings are covered by the gray sooth from the exhaust gasses . 
  every summer there 's a smog alert or two ( la-type ) . 
  * lack of affordable sport facilities . 
  there 's a free soft-surfaced ( made of recycled tires ) running track on the margitsziget , but it 's falling apart due to disrepair and the pools are expensive and usually crowded by pensioners ( they get a deduction ) . 
  * crime . 
  i had to be aware , always . 
  i stayed away from corners , dark spots , areas not covered by cameras , etc. . . and even then some people attempted to mug me . 
  * europe 's highest taxes . 
  we work for the state until pretty much the middle of july . 
  * corrupt politicians . 
  metro lines costing more per kilometer than the fucking lhc . 
  * renovating * a stretch of 160 km/h railroad costs more per kilometer than * building * 240 km/h railroad in germany . 
  the government is taking away money from education ( the students are on the streets demonstrating right now ) to stuff the pockets of the oligarchs , build unnecessary stadiums ( for several times more than it would cost normally - one in the hometown of the pm . 
  which would n't be too obvious if said hometown was a big city - but it 's a fucking village !, 
  ) , etc. . . maastricht , where i currently live : pros : * bike friendly . 
  bike lanes are pretty much only necessary on high-traffic roads , the drivers are used to cyclists so on low traffic roads they share the lane . 
  i can cycle through the city without anyone trying to kill me , which was surprising initially . 
  bike racks are everywhere . 
  * clean . 
  no heroin needles , cigarette butts , dog shit , etc. . . on the streets and the sidewalks . 
  due to the low traffic the air and the buildings are much cleaner .
