  this post resonates strongly with me , my reasons for leaving were pretty much the same . 
  in my case education was reason # 8 , universities are teaching material that is 30 years behind the times with methods that are 50 years behind . 
  a bachelor 's was more than enough of that . 
  but the solution proposed for the opposition - boycotting the elections and the parliament - would n't work . 
  it could only work with a governing party that has some sense of shame and some capability for introspection , but it 's established that fidesz is perfectly shameless . 
  if they boycotted the parliament , they would just condemn them as freeloaders who refuse to work while cashing in their paychecks . 
  yeah , they did the same when gyurcs\u00e1ny was the pm , but their fans are great at doublethink . 
  if they boycotted the election , fidesz would just communicate it as a great victory and continue with even less opposition ( parties getting more than 1 % of the votes receive some monetary support from the state ) . 
  except , you know , free speech , free press , economic liberties , ideological freedom , freedom of religion , freedom of travel ... sure , people who are on the same platform as the government do n't give a rat 's ass about these freedoms because they would n't be bothered even without them , but you keep forgetting that you can get on the other side of the cock too . 
  i 'm a hungarian living and working in the netherlands . 
  i 'm confused , should i feel ashamed or outraged ? 
  sure , if anyone paid enough attention . 
  yeah , but how do the insurance companies prove that the cyclist was using the phone at the moment of the accident ? 
  unless there was a text draft saved in the exact moment , or a call in progress and it can be proven that a headset was n't used . 
  or unless the netherlands goes full russia with the dashcams . 
  and they say natural selection does n't work anymore . 
  there are plenty of apps showing police checkpoints , like waze . 
  and it 's announced in the radio . 
  cars have license plates , bikes do n't . 
  so they can only collect the fine from the cyclists they actually stop . 
  the second they introduce this law , there will be 100 apps on each major app store that will warn cyclists if they are approaching a police checkpoint . 
  hell , i might be the one who writes and releases such an app . 
  even as a cyclist i hate when other cyclists are buried in their fucking screens , but such an app might do more to prevent texting while cycling than the fine will . 
  there is no quick solution to the income inequality problem within the eu . 
  without valuable natural resources , the only proven way is to move the economy towards products with a high added value , and a low transportation cost ( that is , services ) . 
  this is what finland did . 
  this needs a lot of money invested into education . 
  however , education is well outside the purview of the eu . 
  also , education has a very long period of return . 
  while some improvement in the quality of workforce and thus the average wages will be seen within 5 years , the bulk of the effects might take a generation to be seen , which is well outside the perspective of politicians whose only concern is to win the next election . 
  get your society to care about education enough that your politicians will be forced to give a fuck about it , keep it up for a generation , and enjoy the benefits of a knowledge-based society . 
  good luck enforcing it . 
  the [ coach ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coach_ ( carriage \\ ) ) ( the type of carriage , differentiated from other carriages of the age by their steel-spring suspension ) . 
  even its name comes from its place of invention in hungary ( kocs ) . 
  huygens , right ? 
  judging from the counter behind the guy , it 's called urban burgery ( or urban eatery ) , and there is a restaurant with that name in cologne . 
  unfortunately streetview is old , but [ their facebook page confirms it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/epbhcdn.png ) . 
  yeah , the vaalser `` berg '' is 322 meters . 
  hungary is n't exactly known of its mountainous terrain , but we have several taller mountains within our damn capital . 
  the only actual mountain on the current territory of the netherlands are in the caribbean ( mt. 
  scenery on saba ) , and even that is only 887 m. 
  the linked song is * not * our version of the ode to joy . 
  of course ode to joy is n't about that , but you could easily check the lyrics of that song in any language . 
  tl ; dr : europe is a distinguished lady standing proud and strong despite the numerous tragedies she suffered , we should respect her . 
  i 've always wanted to ask this : what does the - stra suffix mean ? 
  builder ? 
  maker ? 
  made by the government , so public money . 
  but in hungary there is no difference . 
  the party is the government , and the government is the party . 
  and the bike repairmen are both expensive and crappy . 
  if you have problems with anything other than the tires/tubes or the chain , it 's usually cheaper to just buy another used bike than to get it repaired . 
  i think about fidesz , who are very buddy-buddy with erdo\u011fan . 
  this shit must be confusing for the fidesz-fans ( if they ever see it ) . 
  wow , you have a particularly impressive array of crazies . 
  well , after you use the hammer to clean the windows , you wo n't have any dirty windows . 
   / pol / is angrier than ever . 
  means that the netherlands voted well imo . 
  it 's not even that . 
  they are blaming the wrong group ( immigrants ) for their problems . 
  the main problem of the european left ( and moderate right ) is that their lack of foaming-at-the-mouth xenophobia is misrepresented as caring for the immigrants more than the local working class . 
  the working class thus does n't believe that the left would actually serve their economic interests , and fall back to voting based on identity . 
  it will be a huge challenge for the left all over the world to regain the trust of the working class * without * turning to xenophobia ( gl would likely lose most of their votes if they switched to an anti-immigration rhetoric ) . 
  yes , wilders did n't gain as many seats as predicted by the polls , but this is just a breather . 
  the left and center parties must spend the next five years reaching out to the `` laag opgeleiden '' , and doing it in the proper way . 
  yup , there 's that . 
  though i 'm pretty sure that even if she gets into the kamer , she 'll leave the fetish gear home . 
  ( though seriously speaking , i hope you guys will get ancilla in the kamer . 
  at least there would be someone there who has a clue about how the internet works . ), 
  i 'm pretty sure that those people just have the hots for ancilla and/or jesse . 
  on a more serious note , votes for the pp are more like `` get someone in the kamer who is not completely clueless about the internet and will speak up when the idiots who * are * are about to vote in something very stupid '' , and gl is more `` i want the government to take more steps against climate change , but that pvdd-woman is a seventh day adventist and that d66-guy is old . '', 
  ajvarestan , wtf farsi ? 
  so does `` belarus '' . 
  because it would reveal his total lack of concrete solutions . 
  generally wishy-washy and bland . 
  vvd really does n't like rocking the boat , which ( as someone living in the netherlands as an immigrant ) is a-ok for me , the boat is generally heading in the right direction anyway imo . 
  i just watched the episode of `` zondag met lubach '' ( basically the dutch version of last week tonight , though lubach might have been around longer ) about him . 
  ( [ for the interested ; it has english subtitles as well . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=484ikd8twpg ) ) he came to the same conclusion : `` hoe dan ? '', 
  that sheet of paper is pvv 's entire election programme . 
  that , and `` netherlands is for the dutch '' . 
  there are two rules that i know of , which might make it easier : 1 . 
  if it 's on the start of the word , it 's a j * except * lyuk and anything related to it ( lyukas , lyukaszt\u00f3 , lyukk\u00e1rtya , whatever ) . 
  if it 's a foreign word , it 's a j. 
  some are obvious even for hungarians ( papag\u00e1j ) , some are obvious for those speaking a language which has the original word ( b\u00f3ja - buoy ) , but some are not ( musz\u00e1j , which comes from the german `` mu\u00df sein '' - must be ) . 
  ly is there for historical reasons . 
  a long long time ago it represented a different sound ( something between l and j ) , but over time the pronunciation evolved . 
  removing it might be ok , but i agree , it looks weird . 
  nah , teszla mikl\u00f3s came up with his best ideas when he was in hungary anyway . 
  sure , we could do it the finnish / dutch way and use double vowels for long ones . 
  ah , yeah , the \u0151 / \u0171 . 
  the reason lots of us pirated font editors back in the day . 
  the problem is that you ca n't eat passion . 
  selection bias . 
  those who study engineering , especially abroad , were likely the top of their class . 
  well , our politicians are saying that : * it 's the liberal teachers ' fault * it 's the liberal parents ' fault * it 's the test 's fault for using a pendrive in an exercise , our students are unfamiliar with such modern witchcraft * ( my favorite ) the test does n't measure anything important , our kids would do so much better if they asked them about stuff that actually matters , like the bible . 
  ( of course they blame gyurcs\u00e1ny and soros too , but that 's to be expected . 
  at least they are n't trying to blame this on the migrants for a change . ), 
  you still need the smart people to teach . 
  you know , the ones who left ( or did n't even become teachers because of the laughable wages ) .
