i like not getting aids in the first place . 
  knock yourself out , though . 
  never implied you did . 
   i 'm just not a fan of putting forward your background as some sort of justification , especially as it is hard to verify in a context such as this . 
  he understandably did that as you tried to paint him as some sort of bigot by pointing out how he was interested in the topic . 
  and please do n't try to deny that 's what you were doing . 
   chomsky can easily verify . 
  it is not the same situation at all . 
  fine . 
  consider this instead : someone writes a couple of posts on the topic of organized feminism and how there are problems related to it . 
  you reply with `` you seem to have taken a very keen interest in this thread '' in order to make this person look like a misogynist , the person replies that she 's a woman . 
  you reply with a post saying it 's a lie . 
  same concept . 
  still completely unacceptable behaviour . 
   if any group non-muslims , no matter what sort , would have the same happening to them they 'd radicalise , too . 
  yes , and you 'd be right to want to change that , then as now . 
  if it was christians or muslims , does n't really make a difference to me if the results ( less equality between genders and sexuality , for instance ) was the same . 
  not really a major factor where i live . 
  no , it is culture . 
  telling that you respond to that with skepticism . 
  like when people dismiss noam chomsky as a self-hating jew because he criticizes israel ; it can not possible be because he genuinely has experiences , arguments and has put thought into the issue , it must be because he suffers from some delusion or is lying . 
  something tells me you 'd have zero problem believing him if he agreed with you . 
  straw-manning of the cheapest variety . 
  but why is that related to the experiences i have in my day-to-day life ? 
  it does n't take away from being assaulted for not showing enough respect in a taxi queue . 
  anecdotal experiences is literally what makes up one 's life , whether or not it 's a problem with muslims on the other side of the globe does n't really matter to me . 
  if it 's a problem with immigrants where i am , i 'm going to want immgration lowered/the problems sorted regardless of what the stats tell me about the overall muslim population of the world . 
  mena is a swedish expression , iirc . 
  no one worth talking to , is what i meant . 
  it 's mostly used interchangeably with ` ethnicity ' . 
  it 's simple shorthand for grouping people by different looks based on their origin . 
  no one thinks we are literally different races . 
  what ukraine and aserbadjan is doing up there is anybody 's guess . 
  ca n't remember anything about their songs . 
  aye , some of the stuff they come out with is baffling . 
  denmark i could see , but ukraine and azerbaijdjan is shit . 
  swedes and finns , love you . 
  weird how people have voted for lots of shit . 
  buffalo bill on the line . 
  it 's a man . 
  fucking yes , sweden - love yall !, 
  shame , have to kill them all now . 
  hated it at first , now i 'm getting into it . 
  stupid and overdone enough to be good . 
  shit . 
  0.66 euro, 
  norway , denmark , uk , belgium , greece . 
  my personal top five in no particular order . 
  could see germany as a dark horse to win it . 
  come on margaret !!!, 
  she used to live 30 secs from my house . 
  so , if greece wins ... they have to host , costing them money they do n't have , finally sending them over the edge . 
  did we just witness the end of the european union ? 
  fucking yes . 
  greece will deservedly win this . 
  fucking have that . 
  i 've never seen any of these songs before ... `` alcohol is free '' ?!, 
  alright greece , could be good . 
  deco , marco borriello and mirko vucinic . 
  this guy looks like a mix . 
  either 12 or a pensioner . 
  esc does n't do middle ground . 
  a decent ballad , a bit too boring though . 
  forgot your shoes ? 
  hippie scum . 
  0 points . 
  that was a cracker . 
  who nicked his balls ? 
  explains the cherub like face as well . 
  seriously , out of esc this would easily be the song i 'd listen to the most . 
  it 's actually good . 
  but , it does n't fit in here , you would n't send , like , nick cave , you 'd send psy . 
  he sounds like a fucking chicken . 
  this is mental . 
  the villain from the next the avengers movie . 
  rough stuff . 
  you just know those trousers are bought to look already worn . 
  germany ... you could n't use hawtin , kalkbrenner , v\u00e4th or someone ? 
  she looks like my knee with that colour scheme on her make-up and dress . 
  execute anyone wielding a ukulele on sight . 
  shittest instrument ever . 
  the vocal sounds like shit . 
  stunning looking woman though . 
  12 points from below my belt . 
  reminds me of aqua . 
  thanks , i will . 
  i 'd love that , thanks , but the problem is i would n't know where to live during the working period . 
  alright , but that has got nothing to do with the names jens and john not being interchangeable . 
  why ? 
  they 're two different names . 
  like christopher and christian . 
  i 'd love too . 
  where can i apply ? 
  where ? 
  where are all these fabled jobs ? 
  got called into an interview recently , there were 100 applicants . 
  it was an entry level job in the cash register at a gas station , did n't get it . 
  i do n't know ... 
  i do n't think we have any specific culture . 
  just hoodlums and generic troublemakers , but i ca n't think of a specific name for them .
