we can not store the energy from wind turbines . 
  that gets wasted , but is still payed for by our taxes . 
  and our taxes pay for the renewable energy that we do n't use . 
  europe should find some way to unite and work together . 
  unicorn companies in the world : https://youtu.be/-_vdtgdfecs?t=1m10s, 
  and they say innovation is dead in europe . 
  some people do , but it 's not traditional . 
  germans love their spiels . 
  not saying we do n't , but it 's not traditional . 
  spain : siesta england : reading books germany : playing boardgames, 
  portuguese people work longer hours than the german and have fewer vacation days . 
  just do n't ask about productivity , 
  plus , a premise is established where southern countries may feel like they need to elect extreme parties in order to have some remote chance of real negotiation with the north . 
  red herring for the encryption ban that will allow them to save on man-hours for counterterrorism . 
  it 's the beginning of a financially-dictated federation whereby the members that have money control those who do n't . 
  i guess taxation without representation actually works . 
  greece does n't want another bailout either , but they are not even allowed to put debt restructure on the table . 
  war is not fought with armies now . 
  polls also indicate that greeks do n't want to leave the ez and tsipras would like to negotiate accordingly , but there 's no room on the table for that . 
  it 's yes or gtfo . 
  as always , the eu gives zero fucks to referendums . 
  unless you have money . 
  i find the german stance a bit strange , since expelling greece from the ez is not possible within the current treaties , right ? 
  it 's greece who would have to take the initiative of issuing drachmas . 
  given that our right-wing government proclaimed that they would go beyond the troika in terms of austerity measures , elections are coming up and portugal is not feeling any better , they ca n't allow any beacon of hope to be lit for a left-wing greece . 
  actually , the portuguese government has aligned itself with germany and i would be surprised if they were n't among those eight countries . 
  local media here are talking of a 10-8 split in favor of greece . 
  do we know which countries are against besides germany and finland ? 
  vods anywhere ? 
  i expect this to be heavily edited by the media as it gets reported . 
  i feel that each european redditor carries the media bias of his country . 
  for me , although the current political situation of my country forces the media to be as objective as possible , i do n't have much of a full picture . 
  we 've learned about people with no access to medical care and whole families unemployed , but also about the privileges of certain professions and the impossibilities of collecting taxes . 
  we can watch multiple interviews with greek people , but we never know what gets edited out and , besides , we only hear from people who can speak english . 
  r/europe may have its own problems , but the participation of redditors from every country is a basic premise . 
  the whole narrative of us vs them is dangerously superficial . 
  in my country , we gutted public transportation , invested in the best highways ever and imported german cars . 
  was that bad ? 
  yes , nobody can afford a full tank right now . 
  still , was that good ? 
  yes , everybody loves owning a brilliant machine ( and , with easy euro loans , you can own one too ) . 
  let 's not forget how we all have benefit from each other . 
  no real story is completely black and white . 
  sounds like it got to a point where he could n't get a call through . 
  brilliant in a `` you are all stupid if you do n't understand this is a nash equilibrium '' kind of way . 
  the job of a good politician is getting increasingly harder as most issues are now incredibly complex . 
  therefore , populists right now are just your average politician from the 20th century . 
  people with a lot of ideology but not much practical knowledge , ability to reach a consensus or skill to get things done . 
  and since voters realize that politicians do n't really have what it takes , they just go for whoever proclaims what they like to hear . 
  are you serious ? 
  you want people to vote based on fear ? 
  that 's how extremists rise to power . 
  `` you are next ! '', 
  interviews showed people who did not have the means to go vote . 
  democracy is expensive . 
  the eu needs to find a way to de-escalate the political extremism before the pigs narrative spreads too far . 
  just shutting the door on greece and telling spain/italy that they are nothing like that stupid country does n't work ( and is n't true ) . 
  so much unemployment is not sustainable . 
  how strongly has podemos aligned itself with syriza ? 
  yeah , they 've been doing that for the past five years . 
  you can say it 's their fault if it has n't been working out , but you ca n't blame them for trying something different . 
  yes , corruption and the size of the underground economy has only been increasing . 
  people find a way to survive one way or another . 
  yes , slashing the defense budget was on the table . 
  so were several proposals for increasing taxes , for example . 
  and that 's just in negotiations with the eurogroup . 
  i 'm sure greece is talking to anyone that might lend them money or buy something from them . 
  do you think issuing drachmas is the only possible solution ? 
  from the greek perspective , it 's not even on the table . 
  an exit imposed by the eu ? 
  syriza does n't want to leave the ez . 
  can this new law be used against podemos and its public gatherings ? 
  everyone should flood government e-mails asking for permission to leave the house . 
  also , send a map with all the photographs you plan to take , time and viewing angle . 
  want to ask your friends online if they want to go out and have a drink ? 
  better use a vpn , you terrorist . 
  did n't he say we have to attack isis at the source ? 
  instead of , like , attacking literally everyone ? 
  how about banning machine guns ? 
  i hear that a popular tactic is to march towards moscow during the winter . 
  where does isis get their money and their people ? 
  `` air strike '' that instead . 
  essentially , it 's a central piece of the mediterranean that is up for sale . 
  who has the money and the political interest can take it . 
  greece will have to make major cuts in defense . 
  and turkey . 
  and china . 
  either the goverment changes or greece is forced to leave the euro zone . 
  the eu does not negotiate with socialists . 
  russia should take the chance to buy an island or two . 
  trust me , you ca n't take moscow . 
  the treaties will not change for the sake of one or two european members . 
  without a united political vision for the eu , the technocracy always wins . 
  right after dem roaming charges . 
  you can go find a job abroad , just do n't call to tell us about it . 
  `` not as good as putin , but he 's on the right track at least . '', 
  guess that the poor people of europe have to take a boat tour . 
  yeah , we already knew that offshores are at the top of things nobody will do anything about . 
  right above climate change . 
  countries are currently trending towards isolationism , there is not enough multinational political power to handle these issues .
