  yet . 
  this is why free movement is in everyone 's interest . 
  well not in mine now that i think of it . 
  thanks for the additional opportunities really . 
  it would be nice if you keep retards like blair , cameron , may , trump , clinton an bush to yourself . 
  while you are at it , take putin along , he 'll fit right in . 
  did n't have a licence at the time and what good are cars with the steering wheel on the wrong side ? 
  [ nothing lil old google ca n't solve ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/536p0q/britain_to_block_eu_army_as_long_as_it_is_a_member/d7qef8o ), 
  i have actually . 
  4 days were more than enough to make morocco a desirable destination ( been there too ) . 
  that 's been my stance since i started paying attention to politics which has been for over a decade . 
  completely unrelated to brexit . 
  [ there is much need for it . 
  ] ( http://www.thetimes.co.uk/edition/news/britain-to-block-eu-army-j55kfp7b5 ), 
  it 's called adaptation - same reason i would n't go on a vacation to syria and i would have loved to just 5 years ago . 
  as a non-uk citizen and even more so as someone from eastern europe , [ the zones marked in red ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/place/united+kingdom/@55.2858668,-7.9266793,6z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x25a3b1142c791a9:0xc4f8a0433288257a!8m2!3d55.378051!4d-3.435973?hl=en ), 
  in a country where 70 % of the population votes against you and yet you get a full majority , maybe . 
  well could be more than 8 years . 
  i first heard about a eu referendum in the uk in 2008 which in the decimal world is 8 years dead . 
  compared to what people like musk have done in 8 years , that is pathetic ( with a dramatically less money involved ) . 
   you 're aware the uk is leaving the eu it took the uk 8 years to print out 30 million papers with two squares and a `` yes '' and `` no '' labels on them hand them out , collect them and count them . 
  does n't strike me as the most motivated-to-do-anything nation on the planet . 
   uk agreed to take 20,000 syrian refugees . 
  having an opt-out . 
  and knowing the commie regime in the uk , that one will be used . 
  so yes , luxembourg has taken so far around 200 times more than the uk . 
  what a load of bullshit . 
  bbc must be banned for all eternity . 
  this is reaching soviet levels of of hypocrisy and propaganda . 
  how difficult is it to understand that there is a difference between migration within the eu and migration from outside the eu ? 
  at which point did hungary say no to immigration from within the eu ? 
  let me answer that : never . 
  it 's quite the opposite actually . 
  language barrier being a huge problem however - i have a few friends from hungary and they did try to teach me some hungarian one night . 
  chinese seems significantly easier . 
  that said however , apart from the language , there is little to no difference between us - we enjoy the same food , we respect each-other 's opinions and we all agree that there are laws and moral borders that should not be crossed . 
  they are all welcome in my home 24/7 because of that alone and same goes for anyone else on the planet . 
  we are all willing to sacrifice ourselves first in the names of the ones we love , whereas the crowd behind the fence was pushing infants in front of the water canons . 
  i stand by my statement unconditionally - if you are willing to throw your child to protect yourself , you have no place here , simple as that . 
  i 'm an atheist to the bone and i do n't care if you are muslim at all , as long as you can live peacefully with the fact that i bow to no god , whether that be jesus , allah or buddha . 
  and the moment you attempt to convince me to bow to your god , you are my enemy . 
  let 's now remember one other thing : how many migrants ( not talking about those coming from syria because they are genuine refugees ) did the uk take ? 
  probably less than luxembourg which is the size of a matchbox compared to the uk . 
  same goes for refugees from syria . 
  on the subject of luxembourg , let 's not forget that close to 50 % of the population of luxembourg is foreign born , compared to 13-15 % for the uk . 
  are there no-go zones in the uk ? 
  well obviously yes , there are . 
  you have a wide choice from being molested by sharia police to beaten and stabbed by locals . 
  actually all those are locals because they are all born and raised in the uk . 
  tl ; dr bbc is shit . 
  that 's called financial culture : do n't spend more than what you make ( someone should have taught my dad that lesson ) . 
  it 's the peg that is currently saving us cause let 's face it , or currency is worth nothing without it . 
  ie : february 1997 . 
  well i do . 
  1 we are pegged already so nothing changes and second that 's arguably the last nail in the soviet coffin . 
  the only drawback i see is i 'll have to get used to seeing 1700 on my monthly paycheck instead of 3350 but meh ... 
  that 's my first of many problems with his theory : it does n't factor in the human nature . 
  that alone makes the theory dead on arrival . 
  do n't get me wrong , i hate marx no less than the others . 
  my point was that marx had one thing in mind which russians portrayed as something completely different and ultimately turned it into a level 100 dictatorship . 
  marxism was doomed to fail , russians just took a bad idea and made it worse . 
   oh what a lovely great white shark , it only bit my foot off and did n't eat me whole , such a lovely fish . 
  is what you are saying . 
  there might be mortal people against putin but in the political world they do n't exist ( get shot in the center of a city , plane crashes , those sorts of things ) . 
  make people believe they have a choice and they are your property for eternity . 
  divide et impera . 
  a former kgb agent who is responsible for the death of thousands in ukraine in the last few years alone ( and god knows how many before that ) and with similar situations in other countries , then yes , he is liberal . 
  i mean sure , compared to 30m + killed , he 's an angel but that 's not the situation in the more civilized part of the continent ( and i include lukashenko here ) . 
  not to mention that any lunatic that 's made it into politics in europe is on putin 's payroll . 
  that said , i have no doubts that he would go on a killing spree if he saw his throne shaking . 
  yeah , with clowns such as zhirinovsky being the opposition . 
  or as the saying goes , the clown can say what the king can not . 
  there 's never been an opposition in russia and there never will be . 
  it 's all too washed up these days . 
  marx would have probably shot lenin stalin and everyone to putin without any hesitation . 
  the line between extreme left and right is thin . 
  everyone who is against him is either dead or in a locker , it 's all about mother russia and killing nazis . 
  that 's pretty much stalinism, 
  and his wonderful tactic for gathering the referendum signatures `` would you like cheap electricity '' while building his premium spa hotels an hour drive from sofia . . that guy needs to be shot dead along with all his comrades . 
  [ this could replace the union jack ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d9/naval_ensign_of_the_soviet_union_1923.svg ), 
  nothing to be sorry about , plenty of people expected that ( myself including ) . 
  trains - i would have agreed a few years ago . 
  that is before i was introduced to car rentals . 
  in many countries trains are also ridiculously expensive . 
  a flight to vienna costs less than a train ticket from vienna to prague . 
  there 's always at least my girlfriend traveling with me and renting a car is always cheaper and more convenient ( being a woman , her luggage is the size of greenland ) . 
  i mean a brand new golf is ~ 40 euros/day whereas a single ticket from vienna to prague was around 60-70 euros , not counting the train from the airport to the center and so on . 
  double that for two people , and double it again for the return . 
  and as a bonus you can take detours and visit other places and gives you a lot of freedom . 
  if you do n't mind driving a lot cause i do n't . 
  i have to disagree with a lot of the things that were said here . 
  the article implies that you ca n't be spontaneous anymore . 
  the reality is that times have changed . 
  some time ago i was having this exact conversation with my mum who said that back when she was my age , she 'd pack her stuff , get on a train and go on a summer vacation whereas i have my flights , hotels , cars and tickets booked months in advance . 
  which might sound about right at first glance but the truth is it 's the complete opposite . 
  my mother had a choice of 5 towns , all 6 hours away . 
  in those 6 hours today i can be at any corner of europe for less money . 
  booking flights and hotels in advance makes it dirt cheap . 
  with that in mind , it 's mid september and my new years trip is settled ( and it has been for over a month ) . 
  was it spontaneous ?
