this is what the extreme polarization of mass media leads to - two sides shouting at each other with no meaningful or constructive criticism . 
  much like brexit , no one has a clue what they are voting about . 
  and yes , / u/idontlikesvensken is completely right - european army asap , find a way to kick out the uk if needed ( considering they have n't triggered article 50 , that can be considered undemocratic so here 's a good and legal reason to do it ) . 
  all but latvia . 
  i 'll change that soon though . 
  as someone with some inside information from one of our news websites ( spent a few months there working as a data scientist ) , i can confirm that there was a small but very organized group of trolls , quite possibly on someone 's payroll . 
  i made a decent number of large comments in / r/bulgaria on the subject in the past week . 
  alhmbra is one of the most breath taking places i 've ever been to . 
  i felt like crying on my way to the airport . 
  damn , east romania does n't like anyone . 
  come on , you 're dutch , if you can build land where there is n't any , you can surely build mountains . 
  well the few times i 've seen this guy cook , i felt like vomiting . 
  he 's one of the few chefs that can make cooking look gross . 
  stereotypes work only if there is a foundation underneath them , weak or strong . 
  surely europe and the eu are a distinct matter and judging from the collapse of the pound , it 's safe to say the eu is a significantly more important subject of discussion . 
  having said that , we need to keep in mind things like economics , trade , imports , exports and that requires people who understand maths to say the least . 
  in other words experts of some sorts . 
  you probably see where i 'm going with this . 
  but that 's not the main issue here . 
  sure , brexit had a lot to do with it , but not so much because of the outcome , but because of the fact that , from what we 've all read here , little to no englishmen knew what they were voting for , what the result implied , or what they wanted at all , mixed up with hatred and arrogance . 
  hence the reason why the vast majority of this subs users are n't too enthusiastic to see the british flag . 
  realistically speaking it 's nothing personal but the general apathy is understandable . 
  here that 's the us in 80 % of the cases but otherwise same story, 
  funny cause there are plenty of foreign companies that are bulgarian if you peel the top layer - basically locals registering companies abroad for one reason or another . 
  i know several registered in the us , one or two in switzerland , a few in germany off the top of my head and god knows how many i 've never even heard of . 
  not one . 
  those that do n't fall into that category are an insignificant exception . 
  1 out of 1000 is a fairly accurate estimation from what i 've seen in sofia . 
  it 's worse in the countryside i imagine . 
  knowing the types that become police officers and other security personnel , i doubt digging deep all the way to 9/11 is needed . 
  in fact i would n't go as far as last week . 
  i would n't call it nationalistic or xenophobic . 
  most certainly racist though . 
  a real life experience from a few months ago : i was going through the security check at the airport and there was a group of people with track suits behind us from some sports team from saudi arabia ( did n't pay much attention ) . 
  as i was putting my belt back on i heard one of the security officers tell the other something along the lines of `` double and triple check these orcs '' . 
  till this day i have n't witnessed any xenophobia towards caucasians , which i ca n't really say about any other races . 
  there 's the occasional `` why does he / she / this apache helicopter exponentially me to speak that language '' but even that is rare . 
  there 's plenty of hooligan neo nazis walking around , commonly the product of living in a concrete jungle suburb from the 60s . 
  is his name gerry adams by any chance :p, 
  of course . 
  i refer to the position of afd which is supposed to be `` we oppose everyone and everything '' which had one very noble note with hippies and to an extent the more moderate anarchists in the 60s , 70s and 80s . 
  these days however the parties that are playing the `` we are the people '' card seem to have been taken from the depths of a mental institution . 
   in one post , nerstheimer shared a photo of soldiers in adolf hitler 's army with the caption : `` each of them is a fine example to the people '' . 
  see , that 's the problem . 
  having an opposition is a good thing but not when the opposition consists of complete retards . 
   time to make a new troll account mr `` been a member for 18 days '' anyone looking through the comments of this one will see what a barely literate moron you are in seconds and dismiss you . 
   congratulations , you 've hit puberty . 
  the 20k immigrants were to prove what everyone knew already . 
  i 'm right about the arrogance , stupidity , ignorance , stubbornness and hypocrisy of biblical proportions . 
  on the topic of the video - arrogance , stupidity , ignorance , stubbornness and hypocrisy of biblical proportions from the bbc `` journalist '' ( not insulting real journalists here ) and the reality which peter szijjarto openly pointed out . 
  while i had a lot of problems with orban and co. now i like them for the fact that they do what they say unlike the politicians ( and obviously media ) in the uk . 
  neither of those . 
  you just proved my every word . 
  i know that comprehension is n't the strong part of english and welsh so do n't worry , take your time to figure it out . 
  it wont under the current conditions - there simply is n't a way - banks have never been this stable unemployment does n't exist in practice ( those who are too lazy or not paying taxes do not count ) and there 's plenty of opportunities . 
  at this point we need a government just for the sake of having one ( as long as the so-called socialists are shoved in the corner ) . 
  the sheep are so creative with the offences and all , i 'm impressed / s, 
  should have mentioned that 's my upload speed apparently . 
  and that it 's 8 euros/month . 
  which essentially will have to be enforced by the government . 
  and the government is usually represented by a middle aged man called robert , who could n't be less interested in your company , products or needs and in most cases you 'll end up with a non-german speaking michael . 
  yeah , sure , no restrictions for professions in high demand . 
  [ meet ivan , the lead r&d in our future smart light switch , he is a full stack expert in everything ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tyhi35j.jpg ) . 
  one thing i do know is that if you want to work your way around restrictions , you can . 
  and businesses will either do that our outsource , whichever is easier , as i just showed . 
  and say goodbye to my 51 mbps connection ? 
  i 'm going to oversimplify this a lot here for all the people who struggle to understand . 
  it 's `` free movement of goods services labour and capital '' . 
  take little johnnie . 
  johnnie likes to make light switches so he opens up a small place to make the and sell them to his village . 
  however his village is too small and his profits are not good , regardless of how well he makes them . 
  so he has to expand and reach out to the rest of the country . 
  two years later he 's established himself as a well known manufacturer and decides to start exporting , now that he has some loyal customers . 
  however he must be able to give support with the installation and the 80 year old granddad in germany . 
  old hans calls him but they do n't speak each-other 's language and johnnie is now faced with a problem . 
  he has to hire a german speaking agent . 
  what does he do ? 
  opening up a new office in germany will cost him a fortune so he decides to hire someone who speaks german . 
  he sets a budget , posts an advert and finds axel , who wants to move exactly to his village for some unknown reason . 
  they both like each other and decide to wrap it up . 
  then the government says `` hey hey hey but you have to take care of our own unemployment first . 
  we 'll check if there 's someone around here who speaks german and if we ca n't , you can hire him '' . 
  a month later the government comes knocking on johnny 's door and says : `` here 's michael , he studied german for two years , he 's fluent , we solved your problem '' . 
  all good of course , johnnie takes michael to his desk and lets him handle the job . 
  later johnnie finds out that his sales in germany have dropped dramatically . 
  after some investigation he finds out that all the german michael knows is `` guten tag , ich bin michael . 
  so what does johnnie do ? 
  well screw it , opening an office in germany and a manufacturing line to cut down the shipping costs naturally . 
  all good , germans are open to the idea and he sets up a second operation in germany . 
  all good but he needs some of his staff back home to start off . 
  so he offers them a higher pay to move to germany . 
  then the german government comes on his door with `` nein , nein , nein , you of hav to hire eine deustch '' and we are back at the last step and that carries on till johnnie looses his mind and hangs himself in his basement . 
  as i said , this is very oversimplified and it goes much deeper . 
  good , you got rid of some immigrants and put restrictions and whatnot . 
  now let 's think what business would do when they have to choose between a market of 70-something million or 480 million ? 
  [ take a guess ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/sep/19/carmakers-look-to-move-research-roles-to-eastern-europe-after-brexit-vote ) . 
  and yes , i was personally contacted twice in the last month from two soon to be ex uk companies . 
  i said i was n't interested because i like my current job even though they offered marginally better pay ( 150 euros is not enough of a difference ) . 
  but one thing i do know is they will find plenty of people who are capable of writing code and so on . 
  in the case of british companies - skrill , skyscanner , both 20 minutes from where i live , one of which is a primary development operation , the other one is n't ...
