  chechnya -- our local branch of iran, 
  it is allowed . 
  as for if it * should * be allowed ... 
  i think only if both parents have finished their tertiary education and have a teaching diploma, 
  i personally do not eat gmos not because of health reasons , but because i * boycott * gmos because of the way gmo producers ruin peasants ' lives by forcing them to buy more gmos , but if they let peasants plant seeds from gmo products they grew themselves i will be perfectly fine with gmos . 
  how about uppsala ? 
  so it 's basically the polish st. petersburg ? 
  naturally st. petersburg -- it is almost as rich and developed as moscow , it is a big urban centre , the cultural capital , and it has been the capital before . 
  if nude people are shown , private parts are blurred out , although sometimes one can see bare breasts/backsides on tv/in movies, 
  such as ? 
  in order of preference : - switzerland - norway - israel, 
  that 's like imperial germany joining the entente . 
  or the ussr joining the anti-comintern pact . 
  many russians feel nato was created against russia , so a leader who joins nato straightaway would be screwed big time, 
  guys , do not respond to this thread !, 
  op is a troll, 
  here it is `` pervoaprel ' , nikomu ne ver ' ! '', 
  ( april 1st , do n't trust anyone ! ), 
  technically the ussr and russia were different entities -- russia was a constituent republic of the soviet union . 
  then again , we did not have a separate communist party or an anthem of our own, 
  idk if it related , but russian neopaganism is closely related to neo-fascism, 
  yes !, 
  not really -- there is the time we were mongol protectorates , and the ussr period, 
  it 's weird . 
  on one hand , the government is getting more and more bible-thumping . 
  on the other , most russian orthodox people are so in name only , meaning that most russians below the age of 40 have sex before marriage and eat meat during lent . 
  on the third , being jehovah 's witness is hard in russia -- people treat them as some kind of creepy cult . 
  same goes for lds people, 
  it is an important part of traditional russian banya . 
  i have never tried it , but those who did say it feels good, 
  why armenia , but not russia ? 
  by the way -- would any of you consider letting israel in ? 
  f$ cking imperialists, 
  in russia it is the same as the whole world -- pranks . 
  [ here ] ( https://lurkmore.to/1_\u0430\u043f\u0440\u0435\u043b\u044f ) is more information ( article is in russian , and google translate would be useless here ), 
   excluding the nontraditional families actually that also fits into the picture -- they have no children , they do not improve birthrates, 
  cold war impact on culture , putin 's personal interests , and geopolitical paranoia, 
   10/10 would die while hiking in your mountains again !, 
  if you are from prague and coming through moravia , you might not have that possibility though, 
  that is a recent thing tho . 
  i think if a russian integration to eu would have happened it would be under yeltsin, 
  i only tip waiters, 
  i think is is almost universally 7 in the west . 
  in east asia it is 5 though, 
  judging by what i know about yugoslavia , it is heaven is some aspect and hell in others , but on average a milder version of purgatory, 
  russian version : hell : the cop is russian , the lover is russian , the cook is russian , the engineer is russian and it is all organised by russians, 
  * de jure * -- russia day , celebrating russia 's declaration of independence . 
  nobody cares about it -- i do not even remember the date . 
  * de facto * -- victory day , the 9th of may , celebrating germany 's surrender . 
  that is a big deal . 
  for those who wonder why is it the 9th if usually it 's the eighth , let me explain -- the instrument was signed around midnight , so while in most of europe it was the 8th of may , in the ussr it was already the 9th of may, 
  i 'm not saying that we have it , i 'm saying that if our leaders had brains , they would do this . 
  sadly they do not have brains, 
  yes , but russia is inherently diverse , making it a perfect platform for a multicultural society, 
   we also have censorship before pornhub got banned it was not too bad tho, 
   it 's very poor not much poorer than bulgaria , and richer than ukraine, 
   also there are many ethnic groups within russia that do n't have european-like culture . 
  have you ever heard the word `` multiculturalism '' ? 
  long story -- yeltsin did not exactly try to get russia in line with the eu , while under putin it only got worse, 
  the kremlin, 
  yes , but still copenhagen and berlin are way better with the same money . 
  the uae and singapore are not crappy, 
  i am uncut , i would not cut my son ( except if he has phimosis ) , and i will not recommend it to anyone except for phimosis treatment ( in which case it should be carried out at birth ) . 
  i believe the procedure is unneeded and barbaric, 
  old people would revolt, 
   women ca n't wear pants unless riding a horse or a bicycle seriously ? 
  there is a whole social code on what a `` real man '' should do , with different aspects of it prioritised by men and women . 
  look [ here ] ( http://lurkmore.to/\u041c\u0443\u0436\u044b\u043a ) for more ( caution , article is in russian and contains lots of internet slang that many real russians do not understand ) . 
  however , this alpha male culture is not most prevalent in the lower and lower-middle class , and is slowly disappearing edit : this culture facilitates peer pressure -- it makes it easy to decry behaviour you do not like as `` unmanly '' ( using normal language , to manipulate people ), 
  there is no such thing as a `` russian mafia '' . 
  there were large gangs , but they were not nearly as influential as cosa nostra , and most of them are not there anymore, 
  there is an italian products shop in moscow ( but it is really small ) , where i buy olive oil , pesto , cheeses and italian wine . 
  also idk if it counts , but we used to have those expensive supermarkets which offered mostly european food ( like french orange juice ) for twice their price in europe . 
  now they have more russian goods, 
  he seems honest , anti-imperialist and left-wing . 
  exactly what russia needs to return to superpower # 2 status, 
  eu rather, 
  welcome to eastern europe ? 
  what about diacritics , like * \u00e5kn\u00f3 * ? 
  note : the first letter in this word is pronounced as a mix between `` a '' and `` o '' , hence the \u00e5, 
  he is okay . 
  he is what america needs , and what russia needs . 
  volvo is very good for russia -- it is well-adapted for our climate, 
  have you ever tried driving your grandpa 's first car ? 
  in comparison to russian cars , that 's a bloody rolls-royce, 
  as the uk 's national broadcaster it is naturally going to have a small pro-uk bias, 
  you seriously have no better place to ask this question than here ? 
  i think russian food is for home , foreign food is for eating out . 
  although i 've recently been learning some japanese recipes to cook for myself, 
  not specifically product , but i wish we had more us-style chinese places in russia, 
  well , russians would like to become you . 
  is it possible ? 
  really depends . 
  most like him , some hate him, 
  hell no . 
  would anyone like to swap governments and get $ 1 billion extra ? 
  edit : apart from turkey , of course, 
  pretty much any russian dish . 
  especially the soups, 
  that 's why / r/anormaldayinrussia exists,
