  no destruction of european culture is taking place . 
  of course , our russia media tells us that europeans do suffer , but that 's a lie 2 . 
  lol i am russian !, 
  as for europe diminishing , it is only temporary -- a federal europe will be a superpower , but sadly the right-wingers and the english will not let it happen 3 . 
  well , if we take turkey before the rise of erdogan , then maybe it could be welcome , but erdogan 's values are contrary to those of europe . 
  plus the question of whether turkey is europe or asia still stands ( imho it is in the middle , and in the 1990s almost got there , but erdogan ruined everything ), 
  limited to the occasional racist jokes mostly , and some asia haters ( but these are not common at all ) , but no real racial discrimination reported by human rights organisations . 
  depends on where you go . 
  in moscow maybe ( most people do not speak it , but there is always someone who does near at hand ) , but not in the countryside, 
  finland , because of its it industry, 
  thank you !, 
  but our government sucks , so fick dich, 
  in my opinion , the american cultural expansion only enriches european culture -- after all , we share many values ( such as the love for freedom ) . 
  she was trying to . 
  one who runs for president must take care of their reputation as much as an actual president -- only then will one prove their worth, 
  when hillary does it , who cares ? 
  putin does it -- and front page !, 
  the ministry of justice was actually defending them . 
  it 's just that russia has too much idiots who can not get used to the fact that it 's the 21st century , and some of these people are good litigators, 
  i wonder if the guys who sued them were connected to the government or united russia 's leadership or they were idiots like mizulina who hate everything to do with sexuality, 
  that is the price you have to pay for no sex education at school . 
  while the previous generation talks about morality , most teenagers , strictly complying with the national principle of russia ( * i giveth not a damn * ) , sit there and waits for all these oldies to shut up and leave the apartment so they ( the teenagers ) can have sex with their girlfriends, 
  my first thought : that 's a fucking lucky guy in there, 
  goddamit sadr , why are you always no data ? 
  new years day !, 
  it 's a really big deal here . 
  also it is freezing here now, 
  duckduckgo is blocked in china , so they will probably block it in turkey, 
  at least they kept their . ru domain -- most russian image boards are registered in hong kong , and as one who used to do business in russia , i understand them -- i used to work for a tech startup in russia , and the owners decided that they should register in hong kong since russian corporate law sucks . 
  education became paid during the deng xiaoping reforms iirc , but it is cheaper and better , as well as more highly valued , than in india, 
  lol . 
  `` puk '' is the russian onomatopoeia for a fart, 
  also nice that russia is associated with something nice, 
   inlah barisan kita it 's a malaysian patriotic song about the army . 
  what does it have to do with croatia and bih ? 
  do n't tell me what i should not not tell you, 
  umm , we are not to willing to expand now . 
  putin only needs ethnic russian lands , and since all the events in crimea are for putin a means of turning attention away from real problems . 
  now putin has what to distract the people with , and he can go on stealing what russia already has . 
  but when things get really bad in russia ... 
  although then putin will probably go for the gulf, 
  we russians are double insulted -- 1 . he implies we are not european , 2 . he says we are baltic !, 
  i agree with you . 
  `` incompetent '' is the word you are looking for, 
   melancholic machos what ? 
  yeah , leopold seems to truly be a son of a bitch if there are any, 
  i am not saying he is . 
  i am just saying he is not devil either, 
  we have free primary and secondary education ( even in the best schools in the county ) + really cheap universities where it is extremely easy to get a full scholarship ( all you need to do is to get a high enough high school graduation exam score ) , free healthcare ( the state pays for absolutely everything except medicine ) , government-paid pensions ( not too big though ) . 
  china and india have neither, 
  we have free primary and secondary education ( even in the best schools in the county ) + really cheap universities where it is extremely easy to get a full scholarship ( all you need to do is to get a high enough high school graduation exam score ) , free healthcare ( the state pays for absolutely everything except medicine ) , government-paid pensions ( not too big though ) . 
  china and india have neither, 
  well , this data can not be true . 
  i mean , how can wages in libya be higher than in the netherlands if we can not be certain about what we call `` the libyan government '', 
  well to be fair , it was worse before putin came to power, 
  russians get much more social security though . 
  so they actually have more money to spend on other stuff, 
  brussels has most eu institutions nigel farage said belgium does not exist belgian chocolate is nice belgian waffles are nice * moules frites * are nice belgian beer is considered nice belgian comics rule brussels has manneken pis belgium has flanders and wallonia , which led to some violence belgium is a monarchy what the belgians did in the congo was cruel belgians had the dr congo belgians had rwanda and burundi belgium was for the allies in both wars belgium is in nato, 
  excuse me , but if it were not for us , your grandpa would probably be rotting in a german concentration camp or still be a french puppet state , and you would have no tv , no internet , no radio , nothing !, 
  read : lithuanians pursuing a political agenda attack material with positive comments about russia, 
  i actually do n't get offended either . 
  i have gotten used to it already, 
  and kaliningrad, 
  yeah , the slow thing . 
  and compared to what you say here about russia , this is not offensive, 
  step 1 : get russia to join the eu step 2 : point out that there are oppressed russian minorities in ~ ~ istanbul ~ ~ constantinople step 3 : leave it to the russians step 4 : get ready for a european constantinople !, 
  * irrumo nigellumque ingleterra * f & ck nigel and england, 
  i think england should not have the honour to be in this union because of their betrayal, 
  why no russia ? 
  it is not `` back '' . 
  it 's not over, 
  most people do not . 
  but in every country there are weirdoes, 
  this will take you time ( this is an eastern europe inside joke ), 
  actually the italian provinces that are better off voted for republic in the 1946 referendum , while the poorer ones voted for the monarchy . 
  * hmm * russia used to be a mafia state . 
  now it is just a plutocracy, 
  an attack on a diplomat is an attack on the country he or she represents . 
  for example , if it turns out that the crazy guy who murdered the ambassador is linked to a terrorist group , from a legal point of view it is the same as if they invaded russia, 
  what does putin have to do with that ? 
  what . 
  the . 
  not at all , however he is against multiculturalism as the state 's policy . 
  as for what happens in chechnya now , the government can not do anything about it, 
  what exactly did you experience ? 
  his nationalistic policies are enforcing ethnic russians as the owners of russia . 
  russia is not only for russian-speakers , but also for chechens , tatars , etc. 
  look it up on the web and see for yourself, 
  no , i mean in what media ? 
  like that , ivan-durak always wins, 
  didot master race !!, 
  they use the font , and use tnr , provoking more letters . 
  america sends letters , russians wipe their anuses with them and sit by giggling, 
  or maybe the west sees the easterlings as belonging to the russian sphere ? 
   russian state officials say how bad west is how bad western governments are . 
  russia always blamed the government and assumed that the people are innocent . 
  not something the west is famous for, 
  yeah , and navalny is a shill , and the opposition media is fake , and we all live in the matrix, 
  they mean that they want to go back to the planned economy . 
  right now , they have a flawed democracy with freedom of expression , the state being neither for or against religion , and a capitalist economy .
