  i 'm honestly quite annoyed about russian stereotypes -- aggressive drunks who wear tracksuits and squat . 
  we have lots of brilliant scientists , a large it sector , hell we won the space race . 
  yet all of russia 's inventions that contributed to its stereotypes are vodka and ak goddamn 47 !, 
  hanging out with friends , ranging from cycling in the park to going to a museum . 
  so you do not know many belarussians ? 
  not really . 
  in the mid-19th century it entered a period of rapid industrialisation . 
  as for the poverty , yeah , it had huge income inequality . 
  so more or less same as china, 
  was it during the revolution ? 
  russian empire -- aka the russia we lost . 
  at the time we were more or less what china is now . 
  also 60 % of the good-looking buildings were built in their era . 
  connection is strong soviet union -- a time of mistakes . 
  yeltsin was right to leave the hell out of it . 
  however , we should not act like it did not bring anything good -- russia 's hdi is much higher than that of most countries with similar gdp per capita ( apart from romania ), 
  how do you know life in belarus is good ? 
  i think developing means high or medium hdi, 
  ironically , monterrey is considered one of the most dangerous in the country, 
   bumfuck in the middle of siberia , no !, 
  actually as a russian i can say -- better moldova than siberian bumf ## k, 
  well , between a crappy democratic country and a crappy dictatorship i would choose the crappy democratic country, 
  agreed . 
  belarus is a distillation of what i hate about russia , with all that i like about russia poured away, 
  turkey . 
  quite often my talks about turkish politics lead up to `` erdogan is a d % ck '' , saying which is a criminal offence there, 
  by the way , do you think the mass atheism/irreligion in estonia has to do with the soviet heritage or was it widespread before the war too ? 
  be more , as the americans call it , socialist ( in normal language it means making a system that allows people from all backgrounds to have a decent life ), 
  some are good , some sucks . 
  but honestly , anything is better than russian tv, 
  if srpska wants to join serbia , let them join . 
  if kosovo wants to join albania , let them join . 
  period . 
  brothers forever !!!, 
  also , according to our nationalists , `` the whole world is russian , except for kosovo -- kosovo is serbian ! '', 
  edit : we saved your neck in wwi , and thanks to that all of our history got screwed up, 
  nah , by hdi they are developed, 
  society : you 're talking about piracy as though it 's something bad police : piracy cases are damn hard to investigate , and you can not get many bribes from that . 
  plus , cops are people too -- we also want to watch * game of thrones * and we 're not so rich to afford spending money on that stuff . 
  so society is right edit : typo, 
  does kazakhstan count ? 
  if so , i 'd go there -- i 've been to astana on many occasions and kazakhstan * is * very nice place if not , then probably china but only shenzhen ( where i live right now , the city is supermodern and superclean ) or shanghai ( which is what you get if you cross london , moscow and beijing ) . 
  other good candidates : vietnam ( but only hanoi or ~ ~ saigon ~ ~ ho chi minh city ) , thailand ( but only bangkok ) , malaysia or lebanon . 
  actually , russia is a developed country ( if you define a developed country as one with very high hdi ), 
  argentina and chile are developed countries, 
  moscow ( where i spent my life ) -- founded in the 12th century shenzhen , china ( where i currently live ) -- founded in 1979, 
  used to own one back in the ' 00s . 
  only wore it for cross-country running, 
  different , but i went to a school which was all about stem subjects , while history classes were usually considered a kind of free period for doing stem homework, 
  the `` tricolour '', 
  that goddamit , we do not wear tracksuits all the time , we consider squatting to be impolite , and that if we get thirsty , we usually drink water , not vodka !, 
  not exactly . 
  putin screwed up , and did so largely . 
  so as not to get kicked out , he needs an enemy -- but can only afford one major enemy at a time . 
  yeltsin did that in 1992 when he nearly lost power to the communists , putin did that in 2008 in abkhazia/south ossetia to cover for the crisis , and now putin is doing that in ukraine to cover for the oil slump . 
  and putin would not dare attack estonia or support a separatist movement there because nato , and if it falls apart estonia need not fear , since for now ukraine is doing its job more than well . 
  actually life in the baltic states during the soviet era was better than in russia -- the baltics were the new england of the ussr, 
  yandex.ru -- russia 's answer to google , popular throughout the former ussr and turkey ( at least i hear so ), 
  in my case it 's complicated -- i learned it with american accent , decided to get british accent , ended up with russian accent, 
  we spik from our harts in inglish, 
  most of western europe + canada , aussie , nz , sometimes japan and the 4 asian tigers for most people , however once you start thinking you come to the conclusion that home is better in many aspects, 
  the real question here is -- is the uk more like europe or australia ? 
  yes , but it 's like ~ 100 usd per month , so barely enough to scrape a living , especially in the big cities, 
  sweden . 
  they do not hate us too much , and are good at multiculturalism , so you see now, 
  the growth party, 
  i somewhere saw a famous russian rock song translated into english, 
  russian rock fuck yeah !, 
  there are kino ( led by viktor tsoy ) , ddt ( led by yuri shevchuk ) , aquarium ( led by boris grebenshikov ) . 
  these are the older ones , active since the soviet era . 
  their music places great importance on the lyrics , and are associated with dissident thought but there are newer bands , that play music similar to western modern rock . 
  for example , mumiy troll led by ilya lagutenko , which plays britpop and alternative rock , or nochnye snaipery led by diana arbenina , which plays indie rock . 
   / pol / where ? 
  whom do you support ? 
  what about the growth party ? 
  imo they are the only sane people left in russian politics , and are close to the optimum for a developing country, 
  the independence party 's logo reads : `` xd '' . 
  intentional ? 
  which one do you support ? 
  united russia -- corrupt idiots communist party -- mostly supported by people over 70 . 
  they have nothing to do with communism . 
  they are united russia 's puppet a just russia -- claims to be social democratic , yet has many fascists . 
  united russia 's puppet liberal democratic party of russia -- full of contradictions . 
  opposed to democracy , let alone liberalism . 
  far-right , russian nationalist , yet led by a jewish person . 
  they serve as comic relief for the tragedies that are our parliament sessions . 
  united russia 's puppet , and has no chance at all to get in government, 
  they go along a route , but if there is no one on the station and no one is getting out they skip the station . 
  also they can drop you off wherever you like along the way ( along a major avenue usually ), 
  not that common , but it is a major thing . 
  there is actually acomedy movie from the soviet era , [ bootleggers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bootleggers_\\ ( 1961_film \\ ) ) , in which the bad guys are making moonshine illegally . 
  moscow, 
  actually , yes . 
  in the cities too . 
  and in fact , they are more convenient than buses . 
  i think they will both be remembered very badly in english historiography -- one will be seen as the man who started the fall of britain , the other as the person thanks to whom britain is no more . 
  at least that 's how gorbachev is remembered in russia , so the hate he gets will be divided between cameron and may . 
  but it 's only england -- scotland and northern ireland is going to be different, 
  i think they will both be remembered very badly in english historiography -- one will be seen as the man who started the fall of britain , the other as the person thanks to whom britain is no more . 
  at least that 's how gorbachev is remembered in russia , so the hate he gets will be divided between cameron and may .
