  thank you guys !, 
  russian humour is stereotyped to be dark . 
  politically incorrect ( ethnic and religious ) jokes are common . 
  many common characters in jokes come from classic movies . 
  is giving flowers a thing in estonia ? 
  basically , the east asian format, 
  dates in russia are similar to american dates ( but with less strict expectations of the ideal behaviour on the first date ) , except that the man is expected to pay ( not sure about gay/lesbian dates , but in this case they probably split 50/50 or go dutch ) . 
  also , the man is expected to give the woman a bunch of flowers . 
  the number of flowers has to be odd -- even numbers of flowers are usually given at funerals . 
  not giving the woman flowers or giving an even number are both major fuck-ups, 
  hmm , interesting article . 
  the magazine used to be commonly found in cafes , but i have n't seen it sine 2013 . 
  had no idea the website still ran, 
   it 's a shame orwell 's book became more popular thanks to the red scare ironic , since orwell was a socialist, 
  a state in which all the population is deliberately kept miserable ? 
  not even north korea is even close to that, 
  people from georgia , armenia or azerbaijan are stereotyped to sell fruit and vegetables, 
   assyrians run shoe repair kiosks . 
  never heard that stereotype before, 
  for many people it 's a necessity to use second-hand clothes , and someone wearing their older brother or even cousin 's clothes is very common ( especially if one part of the family is richer than another ), 
  2014 is the year russia officially went to sh #t, 
  agreed -- kiwis are extremely friendly . 
  i have never met a grumpy kiwi, 
  all the best people i have met are korean . 
  americans are also fun , though, 
  russia might well not be there at all, 
  that russia is not in it, 
  vodka , pogrom , ushanka , cosmonaut is all i can think of, 
  because this would mean that if something like 9/11 happens , russians would have to fight for america or another nation . 
  we should not fight for other countries , and if something happens to us we would be able to deal with it more or less by ourselves 2a . 
  could be better 2b . 
  not much really . 
  i do n't really know anyone from poland , but you guys are probably nice 3 . 
  previous one . 
  the current one is too right-wing, 
  not that common , but not very rare either . 
  somewhere like 3 %, 
  what about simply recognising it as a local language ? 
  a pro-nato foreign policy/entering nato . 
  i am pro-western by russian standards , and even i am against nato membership . 
  imo the level of integration russia needs is finland 's level of integration step-by-step ( schengen in 10 years , eu membership in 20 years , and adopting the euro in 30 years ) , but no nato membership ever . 
  not sure if there are issues like that ; maybe fighting corruption/alcoholism ? 
  way not enough 2 . 
  not really sure 3 . 
  this is something which needs to be taken care of 4 . 
  when i moved from moscow to china i only take public transport . 
  in moscow , however ... sadly , not much, 
  by `` reading youtube '' i assume you read the comments . 
  although no , that 's unrealistic given the cancerousness of youtube comments, 
  when i used to live in russia , i visited my parents every once a month or so . 
  now , however , i moved to china , which means i see them once in several months when i come here, 
  le pen, 
  i 'm not sure what they are asking about in terms of sovereignty -- i believe that some countries should be federal while others should be unitary , depending on their diversity . 
  if applied to russia , i believe in federalism ; on the other hand , portugal should be unitary . 
  then what to put ? 
  no , but i am thinking of designing one myself, 
  kazakhstan hands down, 
  who knows . 
   the meatballs can also be made from moose . 
  very curious . 
  i tasted deer a lot of times , but i wonder what moose kottbullar taste like, 
  surprisingly enough , the odds are high that putin 's rule over russia might go down in the annals as russia 's golden age -- although i hope that the best times for russia lie ahead , the 21st century so far has been one of the least shitty periods in russia 's history, 
   secret not for estonia, 
  actually when i was at an internship in london it amazed me that i could not clearly formulate why , but my english ( i could say coworkers , but i did not work there ) seemed very russian to me, 
  i know that one of my ancestors was in the constitutional democratic party ( a liberal party in the late russian empire ) , took part in the february revolution , and was killed during the civil war , however this was a family secret until the 1990s . 
  other than that , i do not know much about my family history before the 1920s, 
  probably greece edit : now that i think of it , possibly ireland, 
  nicholas ii was a disaster . 
  he just sat in his palace and lived a kind of reclusive life while revolutions and wars happened . 
  the two real decisions he made that were important for russia were the russo-japanese war and wwi . 
  both ended in disaster for russia ( although in the longer term , the russo-japanese war led russia to the introduction of some democracy ) . 
  his execution ( but not his family 's ) was deserved, 
   he 's also a saint of the orthodox church because of his violent death . 
  not really -- he is a * strastoterpets * ( i do not know the english word ) . 
  that 's a kind of martyr , i am not sure of the details, 
  my grandfather ( mother 's side ) went missing during the war . 
  nobody knows what became of him my other grandfather ( father 's side ) was a truck driver in the red army . 
  he did not fight himself , but he saw a lot . 
  he survived the war unscathed , got to vienna before he came back . 
  he was very optimistic , very funny , and he did not talk about the war -- i have the impression that to him it was a really unpleasant time period he was trying his best to forget , unlike other veterans who love talking about the war . 
  he died in 2009 of old age -- he just went to sleep and never woke up . 
  i miss him very much, 
  i am not really a scientist , but i have my phd , and have lots of friends in russia 's academic circles . 
  my phd is in computational linguistics , and i currently work in that field ( for a private company , though ) . 
  although i did my phd in america . 
  the population of europe right now is ~ 750 million , versus only 20 million in syria before the war , 40 million in iraq , and 20 million in afghanistan . 
  ergo , hell no, 
  slowly , but the youth is modernised . 
  but this is not an issue -- in fact , for a long time my income depended directly on this !, 
  in russian there is a similarly pronounced word which is one of the many russian words meaning `` nonsense '', 
  i always use this analogy : imagine a country is an old building with leaking pipes . 
  its residents are thinking of what to do with it . 
  a patriot wants to replace the old pipes with new ones a nationalist keeps the leaking pipes , since they are the heritage of the building , and its residents must be proud of that !!!, 
  lumberjack shirt , dark jeans , and black tennis shoes 2 . 
  for lunch i usually go to a restaurant near my office , so varies from day to day 3 . 
  most of my coworkers are very professional , but sometimes i feel that some of them had better redo high school 4 . 
  relaxed 5 . 
  n/a 6 . 
  and since i am a programmer many of them make the whole code crash , which means hours of looking for mistakes, 
  not too crazy -- the roads are not that bad , and you wo n't have much problems there,
