  now , the last is what most russians want back ( imagine european-style social welfare , guaranteed lifetime employment , a good state-provided pension , plus the quality of life in 1989 was comparable to south korea ) . 
  i am not one of them , i am in favour of the people taking advantage of their rights and replacing putin without bloodshed . 
  but there is such a sentiment , mostly from the old and poor, 
   they see their own identity as something derogatory . 
  they do not like nationalists . 
  putin is not considered one , so he is tolerated, 
  where ? 
  yeah . 
  he wants to ban people from the caucasus to perform their traditional dances , for example . 
  we recently had an election back at home . 
  and i am sure that nothing will change . 
  no matter how bad it gets , putin has a 100 % excuse -- `` it 's all because of the americans '' . 
  unless of course somebody sensible would finally come up . 
  navalny seems not to count -- the people are happy with putin 's foreign policy but totally hate what he does at home , and in the people 's opinion navalny will be a second putin at best . 
  what the people want is less sales tax and more investment in education and healthcare instead of stupid projects like the olympics edit : we are electing the president in two years . 
  well , it would better be juppe, 
  so , who wants to dissolve the turkey-eu association agreement ? 
  as usual . 
  corrupt officials , stupid legislature , and russian politics ( and as a consequence listening to the national anthem ) makes me facepalm, 
  how about transylvania ? 
  because it is romania , but kinda hungarian, 
  because the economy will go down in flames, 
  it wo n't , since the specialists will decide to leave and go to dublin, 
  actually at the time , russia had different borders -- it had less of the caucasus/the southwestern bit , the border with the nomadic peoples of modern kazakhstan was further to the north , and the eastern chunk of the border with china ( to the east of the contemporary border with mongolia was not delineated ) , not to mention that tuva only became part of russia in 1944 , that france did not have indochina at the time , and that it would be better to post a 1922 map , when british empire was the biggest it ever was, 
  i heard that japanese and hungarian grammar are similar . 
  so are , in my opinion , the accents ( a little bit ), 
  in russia there would probably be a lot of people saying `` yes '' to question 4 , since jews are stereotyped as smart and , well , being intellectual, 
  in terms of ppp , even russia is higher, 
  i always say you should never generalise when it comes to russia . 
  the map explains why, 
  mostly goa, 
  well , i had the impression it 's not as popular , not now at least, 
   batumi is a holiday resort for russian holidaymakers much the same the costa del sol is in the south of spain for brits . 
  not really . 
  russians mostly go to turkey or egypt for the holidays, 
  let us hope that out all this , a new , free kurdistan shall rise, 
  but never in russia . 
  if you do it in russia , you wo n't come back home alive, 
  i have been to georgia before , it really has a lot of contrast between rich and poor , especially batumi, 
  kurds, 
  how much is it in celsius ? 
  us eurocommies ca n't read freedom degrees, 
  the other republic voted to stay , but the 1991 coup was the decisive blow, 
  actually i wish perestroika worked out , and we would still have a soviet union , but as a democratic , western great power . 
  well , castro at least did * something * good for his country . 
  maduro did nothing right , hell he 's not socialist anymore . 
  same . 
  but this is just to maintain socialist credentials, 
  seriously , progressives need to be bigger on issues of democracy, 
  probably , but this would require significant economic growth in russia , a more progressive government , and a completely different foreign policy, 
  i actually think it may have been worse . 
  the putin regime 's human rights record is ( apart from the yeltsin period when the state was in the pocket of oligarchs ) the best in russian history, 
  i wonder if it was like that in the czarist era, 
  seems that kosovo has no metal bands ? 
  i consider myself to be very progressive on most issues , but this is going a little bit too far, 
  found the generation z guy, 
  it 's just kind of not what you expect on a truck, 
  i really like the first building, 
  i am actually russian . 
  the username is random, 
  they have n't criminalised using it , they just banned the sites so if you already have it it is ok, 
  if chechnya broke away , it would be the first, 
   the unwillingness to escape an echo chamber ironically , the opposition 's largest traditional media outlet is a radio station called echo, 
  the title is a bit misleading -- it can be interpreted as either `` i can not leave it '' or as `` maybe i wo n't leave it '', 
  the precipitation first fled the soviet occupation , then it went to west germany to look for jobs edit : / s. 
  just in case, 
  according to this map , the soviet union never broke up apart from the baltics seceding , and neither did yugoslavia, 
  apparently russia , ukraine and belarus have zero ground acceleration, 
  i am not sure if they will react at all . 
  more interesting will be the reaction of the putin trolls at / r/russia edit : there were no comments left , and / u/leratdeville ( the guy who posted it ) will probably be banned, 
  apparently it only concerns vpn providers , not people , so i can go on using tor + vpn, 
  where is russia ? 
  triggered, 
  that 's the point, 
  why ca n't they just call themselves the ukrainian federal people 's republic ? 
  the war and all that, 
  probably the chertanovo area of moscow, 
  my family all believes this . 
  i think there is no proof for that , but this does explain a lot , and i certainly think it was not gulen, 
   the only one i 'm really baffled as to how it survives is san marino . 
  i think it is a tax haven too, 
  tourism and tax havens 2 . 
  personally i know that you have steaks , tango and a dispute over the falklands with the uk , also we have basically the same quality of life, 
  i am from russia . 
  most people have a very faint idea about argentina , which is known mostly for tango , and sometimes steaks and the falklands dispute 2 . 
  depends on your tastes 3 . 
  hard to say . 
  all i can say is that italy has the best food . 
  it is one of the world 's best cuisines , along with korea 4 . 
  in my opinion it 's northern and eastern europe , plus the netherlands, 
   proffessor fun fact : because of a typo in his resume , yanukovich has the nickname `` the proffessor '' in the ukrainian internet, 
  why the fucking hell is russia not on that map ? 
  triggered, 
  surprised italy is so low . 
  when i was in florence the tourists were everywhere, 
  for once , the pis government said something sensible, 
  no idea, 
  [ \u041a\u043e\u0441\u0438\u043b \u044f\u0441\u044c \u043a\u043e\u043d\u044e\u0448\u0438\u043d\u0443 ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgx5klnwr1k ) for those not from the former soviet union -- this is the most famous song by [ pesniary ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pesniary ) , a folk rock band from belarus very popular in the soviet union, 
  but look on the bright side polan -- you will can into space ! / s, 
  i wish he was killed by the m\u0130t,
