  not just baltics , we have this stereotype in russia too . 
  for example , there is this joke : an estonian family is driving through the countryside . 
  all of a sudden , something runs across the road at a staggering 3 km/h . 
  in half an hour , the elder kid , age 7 , says : `` thaat waas aa raabiit ! '', 
  half an hour later , the younger kid , aged 5 , says : `` noo , thaat waas aa deeeer ! '', 
  another half an hour later , the dad tells them : `` yoouu miight aas weel fiight ! '', 
  well , many of them are russians who went to work to czechia where there are less legal problems, 
  vodka . 
  and this is bad since i hate vodka, 
  it 's part of our dna, 
  well , in my case , it is not clear to what extent i am ukrainian based on how you define it , but i 'm either 1/4 or 1/8 ukrainian, 
  hmm . 
  and they have been making the copy of an old fiat in terms of technology , with some extra crappy russian design , for decades . 
  explains a lot ... 
  if you say fiat makes the worst cars in europe , you certainly never rode russian cars . 
  seriously , they are all bad, 
  agreed , most of them are just vatniks who found out they are 1/128 cossack and are now attacking everything not fitting in their 15th-century lifestyle on horseback with * shashkas * ( cossack swords ) . 
  vienna , amsterdam or kiev, 
  in fact , a lot of russian people are part ukrainian . 
  the only thing which is better than satay sauce is more satay sauce, 
  in russia half of my friends -- mostly intelligentsia -- were jewish . 
  jewish people have contributed a lot to our science and culture . 
  lev landau ( physicist , nobel laureate ) , josef brodsky and boris pasternak ( prominent dissident poets ) , maya plesetskaya ( famous ballerina ) -- they were all jewish . 
  yes , but i am not a fanatic, 
  yes . 
  we passed through similar times when the soviet union was falling apart -- such as the time from the 1991 coup to the 1993 coup . 
  problem is , putin will just ship them back to venezuela, 
  some might compare him with putin , but putin is more corrupt , and his nationalism is civic , and not ethnic . 
  on the rest , lots of similarities, 
  probably serbia or montenegro . 
  macedonia still has lots of democracy issues , bih has lots of problems internally . 
  norway , iceland and switzerland , as well as the small countries , are not particularly keen . 
  ukraine , moldova and georgia need to sort out the issues with the breakaway states , and no one will let russia , belarus or turkey into the eu unless there is regime change, 
  drugs are a huge deal here . 
  the government even blocked the wikipedia articles for meth , pot , and other drugs . 
  and god forbid you get caught for a drug offence in russia, 
   eastern european cities what country , may i ask ? 
   if you 're russian speaker , czech will be quite easy for you to learn , there are many russians who can speak czech like they 're natives well , i do not speak czech , yet i understood ~ 60 % of * jo\u017ein z ba\u017ein * when i watched it . 
  so it probably going to be real easy for a russian to learn czech . 
  if op has learnt russians living in russia , it would not be hard for them, 
  not italian , but i 'd recommend siena -- it 's a small town not far from florence . 
  very beautiful , and it has much less tourists than florence ( seriously , in florence they are everywhere ), 
  two-headed eagle with a bunch of other trinkets and the shield with st. george ( which is the coat of arms of moscow ) on a red shield, 
  also , kalevs is mentioned in the estonian ssr anthem, 
  we use cyrillic in language , however latin is used for variables . 
  almost all russians can understand the latin alphabet i do not think that changing the alphabet to latin will be a good idea -- it 's just a very expensive operation with little positive outcomes, 
  they believe that the new tsar should be democratically chosen , after that it 's back to the system that existed between the 1905 revolution and the february revolution ( power sharing between tsar and parliament ), 
  these are also the most common houses in rural areas of russia, 
  half of my family thinks russia must come back to the czarist system ; does that count ? 
  i 'm not into pop music , so i do not watch it, 
  we have maslenitsa ( russian carnaval ) . 
  the celebrations are based on similar slavic pagan celebrations of the spring equinox ( i think ) , but adapted to mark the last week before lent, 
  i do n't drink a lot of pure milk , but i consume lots of milk products , such as butter or yoghurt . 
  if i drink coffee , it 's mostly cappuccino or latte, 
  maybe per capita ? 
  it * might * be possible , but i would be against it, 
  do you think the first is good or bad ? 
   ( lagom late is the best ) lagom anything is the best by definition, 
  no , never . 
  also , referring to a child as `` it '' is ... umm ... unethical ? 
  too aggressive imo . 
  also putin should support assad less , and instead make russia back the kurdish cause heavily, 
  it is obvious that while putin in in power there can be no talk even of a eu association agreement . 
  russia must establish a democratic government . 
  hopefully patriotic citizens will organise to establish a social democratic/democratic socialist , pro-eu , postnationalist party , and hopefully win the people 's sympathies , and then start eu integration . 
  hopefully by this time russia manages to get its foreign relations straight . 
  also , no nato integration . 
  ever, 
  not a eu member ( yet , hopefully ) , but : - they need to join the schengen area and the eurozone - a verbal promise never to invoke article 50 again, 
  open-faced sandwiches ( * buterbrod * ) are also a thing in russia . 
  although i prefer them closed, 
  the local cuisine . 
  we might just as well ask : `` why do americans drink so little rakija ? '', 
  beer and snacks like chips , peanuts , or dried fish, 
  complicated . 
  it is considered bad to drink in broad daylight ( especially in the morning ) , alone and/or without an excuse ( usually some kind of occasion , like a relative 's birthday , passing an exam , the national day , etc. 
  or in connection with some sad occasion ) . 
  if you are drinking vodka , you usually eat something while drinking ( like that , you will get drunk slower , and thus extend the time till you pass out ) . 
  also , it is advised not to drink a softer beverage after a harder one ( i.e. 
  if you start drinking vodka , do not drink beer after that ) -- the hangover will be worse like that, 
  because a unified europe would be much stronger geopolitically , and provide more room for the spread of ideas within its nations . 
  i 'm talking about his policies in general -- most russians support putin 's foreign policy ( sadly ), 
  not sure if it counts , but i like [ padonkaffsky dialect ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/padonkaffsky_jargon ) . 
  also the history of its origin is good / r/shitamericanssay material, 
  not really , no . 
  the closest i have ever had to this is a guy at a bar un america who thought russia is still socialist , and tried making jokes about it . 
  after the , like , eightth soviet russia joke i said : `` in america , you support government . 
  in soviet russia , government support you ! '' . 
  then i quickly paid , telling the barman to keep the change , and left . 
  not sure if the guy got the joke, 
  i 've only been to the biggest cities ( moscow , st. pete , yekaterinburg , novosibirsk ) , sochi , in several place around moscow and st. pete , and in several places in karelia ( where my mom is from ), 
  do you even need it though ? 
  i mean outside it being compulsory to know, 
   i can try to speak ukrainian , but it will be an ugly mixture of russian and ukrainian so you speak surzhyk ? 
  russian , english , french , german and chinese , and currently trying to learn cantonese ( the language of hong kong and macau ) . 
  but most russians only speak russian edit : also i can understand spanish and most slavic languages, 
  it 's easier to say what our elected officials did ** not ** do to make me ashamed of being russian . 
  the answer being one word -- * nothing *, 
  he wants it to appeal to him, 
  myself -- i am not very patriotic in the traditional sense of the word , the nationalistic rubbish which has been steadily on the rise here makes me wan na vomit , yet i believe myself to be patriotic since i care about what is going on in russia .
