  how is russia more dictatorial than turkey ? 
  i am asking for examples . 
  and i mean human rights -- as for corruption , i admit , russia is * waaaay * worse than turkey, 
  hakamada is the most reasonable person in russian politics . 
  the growth party is close to my political positions -- political freedoms , economy first , yes to openness , less red tape . 
  however i believe in social welfare , therefore imo the government must participate in business activity , with the same rights as an ordinary corporation , without any benefits or privileges, 
  the ukraine crisis increased putin 's popularity . 
  although now that trump is elected , maybe this can revive the opposition , since putin lost america as a scapegoat, 
  but the last one was complete chaos . 
  mass prison breakouts ( not only political ) , etc. 
  the february revolution should have happened earlier . 
  or possibly , russia should not have gotten into the war . 
  in that case , a february revolution would have brought us a democratic russia . 
  plus , imo modern russia is not exactly authoritarian . 
  it is near the boundary between democracy and authoritarianism . 
  like turkey, 
  what about serbs and croats ? 
  had no idea that balkanians were the cleanlinest europeans, 
  what we had under yeltsin was a kind of really flawed democracy -- we had free speech , but the elections were rigged . 
  anyway , better yeltsin than zyuganov , or ( god prevent that ) zhirinovksy . 
  when i was at school studying history , i was hoping that novgorod ends up unifying russia . 
   supported armed militants in number of them so did america , yet americans are not considered murderous rapists . 
   your arrogance of your ignorance is admirable so is your arrogance of your bigotry, 
  guys , if ceausescu was bad it 's your own fault -- he was not as russia-friendly as honecker , for example, 
  the soviets did at least * something * good, 
  stalin committed atrocities against russians as well as estonians , and as i mentioned lots of my family members got slaughtered by bolsheviks , however more of my family was killed either fighting the nazis of by the nazis ( for example as pows ), 
  my bad, 
   caucescu he was romanian, 
  a person says not all russians are monsters and he gets downvoted to hell . 
  schuman would be so proud . 
   rather we get some soviet-apologistic vibes from you . 
  better soviet apologist than nazi apologist, 
  well i do not know . 
  some of my ancestors were cossacks , who were slaughtered by the bolsheviks and who collaborated with the nazis , yet i would still rather live under communism than under nazism . 
  political rivalry , propaganda , the red scare . 
  enough ? 
  the swedish one is the best, 
  the danish girl is the hottest imo, 
  the danish girl is the hottest imo, 
   we wanted it to go well , but it turned out as usual ( c ) viktor chernomyrdin , russia 's former prime minister, 
  i did not teach english ) ) ), 
  how can you back up your statement ? 
  yeah , these guys are often quite * vata * . 
  imho talking to russians who really represent what the people think are russian websites ( those on / r/russia are too right-wing , while those russians who post here are more pro-western politically ), 
  lol . 
  when i lived in china i lived in a 10-year-old apartment building in a state comparable to that of the pantheon, 
  they do not stand , though, 
  been there . 
  the dome is something quite amazing, 
  russia is far from totalitarian ( even freedom house does not consider it authoritarian ) , has a civillian government , opposition is allowed , political mobilisation is low , and a mixed economy is also advocated by social democrats . 
  ergo , putin is not a fascist, 
  how is putin a fascist is what i am asking, 
  how is putin a fascist is what i am asking, 
   it 's great to have someone rational from russia to discuss with what are you trying to say now ? 
  they are , let us say , not prioritising anti-putinism, 
  how so ? 
   i wonder how many russians may feel the need to change how things are done in their country . 
  60 % of the population ; however , they see that there are no political forces in russia capable of bringing real change , and as a result -- 40 % voter turnouts on elections, 
  yup . 
  at least he does something apart from just * talking * about how russia sucks like varlamov, 
  i read varlamov 's lj once , and i had the impression that he is just a liberal blogger , just as hundreds of other bloggers , he is only more popular , and not a politician, 
  the whole [ party of growth ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/party_of_growth ) is noteworthy , irina hakamada in particular, 
  to be honest , me neither , although i am considered a liberal . 
  problem is , in russia there is either putin and his puppets or him . 
  there are some reasonable politicians , but they do not have the human resources to successfully run such a huge country, 
  it really depends . 
  if they are in good state , then they are ok . not to mention that they are much better than london-style housing , built in the previous centuries with the sound isolation , conveniences , etc. 
  at a horrible level, 
  please , even russia is less depressing, 
  she should just go to the uk and get an abortion there then, 
  well , my mom drank about a glass of wine per a couple of month when she was pregnant , and i went to one of the country 's best universities at 16 , so alcohol during pregnancy can be beneficial in small quantites, 
  still bad engineering , but slight improvement, 
  since you know how much they suck , the only possible way they can sell well in a country is if the country is really poor, 
  russia , belarus , ukraine and moldova would like a word with op, 
   legoland how do you apply for citizenship ? 
  in that case , you probably overestimate poverty in russia/ukraine/belarus, 
  after they declare independence , it is their choice what to do with their country -- they can vote to join serbia, 
  i bet russia is the sum of all of them together, 
  well , their economic growth rates are really good , so ... 
  ireland goes to any lengths to piss of england, 
  seconded !, 
  we will join you once we sort out our economy . 
  these guys are made for russia, 
  well , i once had a chance to test drive it , and believe me , these are damn good . 
  have you ever owned a russian-made car , may i ask ? 
  they could have been top-notch high-tech if it was 1985 also for all we know , they might sell well in the southern caucasus ( georgia , armenia , azerbaijan ), 
  you swedish guys are so damn rich . 
  in russia i have a 2012 volvo v80 although i get quite above average, 
   more left wing than some left wing parties from other parts of europe how so ? 
   your own government fairly recently annex 'd part of ukraine agression \u2260 conservatism, 
  and angry birds . 
  and linux, 
  it is all thanks to the scottish , welsh and londoners -- if you take just england without london , it will be so extremely conservative ... 
  best : our scientific achievements worst : the people , who see the country is going to the dogs , do n't do anything about it underrated thing : the periodic table -- invented by a russian . 
  ( ironically , mendeleev , the chemist who invented the periodic table also created the modern standard for making vodka ), 
  there is the booming it industry in finland and estonia , and a lot of such startups in berlin , but nothing compared to silicon valley, 
  well , this is hard , because what to count as europe ? 
  if you count the eu , then either poland ( no social democratic parties in parliament ) , hungary ( the government is very right-wing , but there is a major social democratic party at least ) , or england . 
  if we include all countries at least partly in europe geographically , then it 's definitely turkey, 
  i have friends in affected areas .
