  probably not -- the vast majority of belarusians have no trust in pro-democracy movements , and belarusian nationalism is quite uncommon, 
   more journalists have been incarcerated in turkey than in any other country , including north korea . 
  i never thought opposition journalism even existed in north korea, 
  only the mandarin wikipedia . 
  in english , you can access all articles ( even on controversial stuff like tibetan independence or tiananmen square massacre ) without issues . 
  source : am in china right now , just tried it . 
  banning lurk was worse than banning reddit, 
  quite accurate, 
   in 2000 , authorities raided the offices of the major television network ntv and arrested its owner vladmir gusinsky for fraud . 
  in fact , around that time ntv went from one of the best tv channels in russia to shit, 
  average wage is much higher , and healthcare here is better than in china ( i know from personal experience since i lived in china ), 
  nothing beat sfry though, 
  in all my life i have never seen someone butthurting by accusing the one who made them butthurt of butthurting . 
  we really do live in interesting times ... 
   asselineau what a surname , though ... 
  first of all , possibly not europeans , but isis second , i believe we should simply remove conscription and invest the remaining money in modernising our petrol processing industry ( oil being nationalised , and the petrol processing industry started by the state , yet without a monopoly ), 
  in comparison to / r/pussypass , / r/the _ donald does not seem * that * bad . 
  at least td is not openly fascist, 
  estonia had 200 years of history as part of russia ; to say nothing about georgaphy, 
  nah , in terms of gni per capita ( average annual income ) we are $ 4,000 ahead of china, 
  not really -- the feudal system was done with in the 19th century . 
  russia before the revolution was similar to modern china -- a mostly rural , yet rapidly industrialising nation with a dirt-poor peasant population and a * nouveau riche * elite, 
  russians live better than the chinese -- we have a much higher hdi , much more welfare and better workers ' rights, 
  i agree , but still , look at the bigger picture . 
  when putin took power our hdi was somewhere around indonesia , and now we have surpassed kuwait . 
  although putin basically stole our economic miracle . 
  why do we not live as well as estonians ? 
  why do our scientists earn less than janitors ? 
  why is russia not famous for its excellent education , or its hi-tech industry ? 
  because instead of investing money in science , technology , education , healthcare , he invested it in the fucking ( sorry ! ), 
  olympics and the fucking ( sorry ! ), 
  football championships !, 
  i 'm willing to bet that the whole academy of science earns less than russia 's national football team coach . 
  dammit , russia 's government spent a sum of money on the olympics bigger than estonia 's gdp !, 
   he also increased the gdp 8-fold in less than a decade . 
  it 's not him , it 's the oil prices . 
  if nemtsov was in power , we would have been richer than japan, 
  reactions to the sub : 1 . 
  make me unsee it !, 
  kill it with fire !, 
  is this sub even real or is it a circlejerk sub ? 
  yes , but iceland and estonia 's histories are way different . 
  for this purpose it is baltic, 
  many do agree with the first, 
  i 've never really talked about this issues with people from the baltic -- all the baltic people i know are estonians with whom i work ; our relationship is very , very formal, 
  well , the situation in lithuania is different from latvia or estonia . 
  at least , you gave them citizenship and they enjoy the same rights as lithuanians ( not something russians in latvia or estonia or chinese in malaysia enjoy ), 
  in that case , i am surprised that hate crime against russians is not that common, 
  actually the vast majority of russians believe you guys earnestly hate russia . 
  although considering our common history , it 's not really surprising . 
  what is surprising is that there have not been that many anti-russian riots in latvia 's history ( especially after crimea ), 
  i ask a friend to ask me questions about the topic as though he is the examiner, 
  thanks !, 
  why so butthurt ? 
  it 's the stereotype here, 
  most people in russia have read \u0160vejk . 
  also , jo\u017ein z ba\u017ein was quite popular here a couple of years ago, 
  eu first , uk second , eh ? 
  i am russian currently working in china . 
  username checks out, 
  username checks out, 
  the caucasus pretty much served that purpose before, 
  honestly , chechnya gives russia so much embarrassment we had better leave it alone in the 1990s, 
  well , they had some election problems last time . 
  one could argue that it was justified , but ... 
  seems like it does not apply to daily mail , though and not that any of what i said has anything to do with russia ... 
  well , nemtsov was a special case since imo he was putin 's only serious ( to a certain extent ) rival , while politkovskaya is kadyrov 's job . 
  kadyrov is actually millions of times worse than putin -- he is a kind of sunni ahmadinejad with a smaller operations area, 
  i think guatemala better be invited too -- the maya had a lot of presence there, 
  i am saying that the first is used much more extensively than the second, 
  that 's rich coming from the uk, 
  france -- so contrasting, 
  they forgot `` shittiest '' in the beginning, 
  please tell me this is british humour ... 
  russia is not exactly fascist -- it 's more like a group of greedy people who run the country using discreditation rather than prisons against their opponents, 
   remember the organisation that tortured women and allowed 700 children to die in ireland ? 
  not sure i remember this story ; care to eli5 ? 
  sounds very much like newspeak, 
  that awkward feeling when you think `` i need to get the fuck out of this country '' even though you do not live there ... 
  yeah , but prostitution was legal in the russian empire ( moreover , there were more brothels than libraries in the russian empire ) , and homosexuality was banned again when stalin took place . 
  also commie blocks were first though of by le corbusier , while a lot of traditional-stlye architecture was also made during the soviet er, 
   they look like shit if not renovated they built quite a lot of similar-looking housing in sweden during the exact same period ( the million programme ) , and when i looked at images of them i felt kind of shocked -- basically the same as our khruscsevkas , only much more nice-looking, 
  right now these are the crappiest commieblocks there are . 
  image 3 is not khruschsevka though . 
  it 's a stalinka ( stalinist housing for the big party bosses ) . 
  i used to live in these buildings for a short while , and they are very different from khruschsevkas -- they do n't even count as commieblocks !, 
  almost same as in moscow in march ( usually ), 
  and `` flight '' ( as in flight number something ) in russian, 
   i 'm pretty sure many people are not allowed to leave russia . 
  nah , you can leave quite easily, 
  rather the ministry of truth, 
  i wish this photo would become a meme, 
  these buildings looks like million programme housing, 
  i think it 's sweden -- judging by the buildings, 
  holy hell , although dugin 's madness is an object of consensus in russia i had no idea he is * that * mad, 
  norway 's leaders are not zeman , though . 
  your leaders would not invade other countries if they were in charge of russia . 
  i am just saying that zeman , trump and putin are close to being equally bad, 
  if not for that , the us 's trust rating would be ~ 10 % at the highest, 
  i 'm sure that if zeman or trump ruled russia they would have done the same .
