  they are all made of the same crap , and can not be trusted, 
  if not for your flair , i would have reposted it to / r/shitamericanssay, 
  i can understand all of it, 
   \u015dranko in russian `` srat ' '' means `` to sh@t '' . 
  so this sounds ... weird, 
  how can anyone trust zeman ? 
  a final solution, 
  no maps show it anyway, 
  as for islam , i once saw a muslim on reddit mention that there is a saying in bangladesh ( her home country ) `` god made religion simple , man made religion hard '', 
   erdogan is so unbearable i might even move out to an another country . 
  ca n't they legally throw you in jail for this ? 
  well , how can anyone trust trump ? 
  but do you think that people will stop making borat jokes about qazaqstan ? 
  rather xar ` kiv, 
  looks like polish, 
  otherwise it 's gost 2002 ( a ) romanisation used, 
  proof that estonia is not nordic, 
  edit : and venezuela ? 
  i am saying that it could be interpreted that way, 
  it 's a meme , and a big one . 
  i could not not say it, 
  i ca n't wait to see a polandball comic about it !, 
   the main reason is simply that we have no reason to you do not . 
  but someone else might . 
  nukes are both a symbol of power and potential protection against aggression . 
  yes , the probability that we would ever use nukes is luckily small , but who knows ? 
  no one expected brexit , and few people expected trump . 
  hell , if the soviet union did not have nukes i would probably not be typing this ( the best-case scenario being me being too poor to buy a computer ), 
  it 's even harder to imagine russia will ever give up its nukes, 
  yes , but in principle russia 's future is the eu , russia 's past which has returned is putin . 
  if you want to intervene , bear the consequences in mind, 
  yes , i agree that influence right now is exerted the wrong way , however it should exist ( but of a different kind ), 
  who told you it has to be in this generation ? 
  russia belongs in the eu , though, 
  the only thing in common between russia and hungary that i can think of is that we both eat goulash, 
  i am not saying anything about the status quo . 
  i am saying that a situation in which the us is much more imperialistic than russia is possible , and in such a situation russia would be glad it has nukes, 
  you do not answer my question . 
  what if russia gets a civilised government ? 
  yes , that would be nice indeed . 
  however , in my opinion russia should still try to keep its geopolitical influence without invading other countries , and strive to be strong at least geopolitically . 
  and with a nuclear arsenal , of course ( unless all other countries with nuclear arsenals agree to dismantle their nuclear weapons ), 
  i think it is because putin 's nightmare is nato bases on russia 's borders . 
  therefore , he does not care about serbia , but he does about ukraine, 
  why do you assume russia can not have a civilised government while the us can not be imperialistic ? 
  you 'll be giving erdogan what he wants . 
  we should show him that no one gives a damn about what he says . 
  if eu reacts : 1 . he 'll seem important , ergo strong , ergo a charismatic leader , ergo a good leader 2 . this will simply lead to a surge of nationalism and anti-western sentiment ( which happened in russia ) therefore , even if we ignore the negative impact such measures will have on europe 's economy , such an embargo will only make things worse, 
  how do we know the us will not use their nukes to threaten us ? 
  why should they get the nukes ? 
  ukraine and kazakhstan gave up their nukes voluntarily , to us . 
  it 's too late now . 
  who gets the nukes ? 
  so russia must lose its influence ? 
  churkin , why hast thou forsaken us ? 
   realise their proper position in the world which is ? 
  i would 'n call golden autumn russia 's most famous painting , though, 
  yeah , kind of, 
  all of us achieved it , including russia, 
  i wonder why finland is marked as gray -- * p\u00e4\u00e4si\u00e4nen * can be well traced back to * peasach * too , so it should be striped or something like that, 
  * fanfan the tulip * was big back in the day in the soviet union . 
  all 1950s kids know him, 
  actually it is all quite easy to explain -- putin 's support base does not care twopence about science , however they love watching football/hockey and drink beer while yelling at the football team . 
  since people like that are much more numerous than those holding science in high esteem -- and keep in mind that putin does not really give a damn about russia as long as his skin and his ability to embezzle is not concerned -- putin 's actions so far are quite natural, 
  not really . 
  fascism is more populism-heavy, 
  not really . 
  fascism is more populism-heavy, 
  to be fair , stalinism was a kind of perverted version of marxism . 
  hell , stalin was closer to saddam hussein than to marx . 
  after all , communism was created for countries like england or france or prussia/germany , not for russia, 
  and younger people , even with qualification , do not do space research in russia -- russian scientists are horribly underpaid . 
  but somehow we have money for the olympics , the football world cup , and all that, 
   also , today gagarin 's parties will be held in russian nightclubs . 
  any excuse to get drunk . 
  so russian, 
  which means you are willing to accept responsibility for stalin ? 
  this is russia 's greatest achievement . 
  seriously , this day should be our national day if we have any patriotism left, 
  today is russia 's * de jure * national day ( the * de facto * national day in may 9 , considered to be the day nazi germany surrendered , but this is a kind of controversial matter if you talk to europeans ) . 
  although in practice , few people actually give a damn about it . 
  my acquaintances that do can be put into three categories : 1 . 
  people who own dachas and keep a garden there , and for whom any excuse to go to the countryside and check out their garden 's progress is good 2 . 
  alcoholics in denial , who need an excuse to get drunk . 
  it may turn out to lead to a drinking marathon lasting several days 3 . 
  people with very strong political views . 
  most often these are liberals who celebrate because this is the day russia formally declared itself to be a sovereign state . 
  also , 30 years ago reagan made the `` tear down this wall '' speech in berlin, 
  while most questions here were from americans as far as i have seen , in my experience the stupidest questions i was ever asked came from chinese people ( i work in china ) examples include the following : - seriously , you got that drunk after only seven glasses of * baijiu * ( a chinese spirit which is kind of similar to vodka , only stronger and more smelly ) ? 
  i thought you russians can hold your liquor ( happened during a party one of my colleagues threw . 
  turns out that this guy though that when i brought olive oil to work as a dressing for some foods at the canteen , he thought it had vodka in it ) - ( after a person found out i am russian ) then why are both sober and smiling ? 
  very well . 
  but we need to ~ ~ anschluss ~ ~ provisionally deploy troops in your country for ~ ~ lebensraum ~ ~ supporting the mutual war effort, 
  reminds me of a russian movie in which a group of russians go hunting with a finn , at some point they all get drunk , and the finn is so drunk he hallucinates about seeing the earth instead of the moon and says `` you ca n't see it from finland '', 
  hell no , i 'm confident that if united russia stays in power they 'll get rid of pensions by 2030 , and if the liberals come to power they 'll do it by 2025, 
  it 's been big all the time here , i 'd be less surprised if we had a * fall * in racism, 
  well , we have norilsk, 
  privet rumyniya, 
  ukraine , because it has a perfect climate for agriculture , and enough space for russians to live comfortably . 
  well , such a title is way too cool to throw away .
