  actually it is wrong to assume russians are very religious -- yes , they are conservative , but lots of atheists , and about half , if not more , of orthodox people in russia are non-practicing, 
  one of the stereotypes about russians * among * russians is that russians are lazy . 
  if you only count non-alcoholic beverages, 
  so maybe the crazy ukrainian nationalists claiming russia is more finnic than slav * are * right ... 
  sorry , my bad -- i meant `` anything * good * about putin '' . 
  this mental gymnastics is called `` talking on your phone while typing '', 
  i am not sure , but maybe at that time estonians were considered finns by finns ? 
  if they mentioned vodka , it would be a bit hypocritical of them, 
  i am sure it was always like that . 
  70 years of communism did not change anything -- rather the contrary , the popularity of communist ideas in russia is partly motivated by our people 's love for freeloading , i am sure of that, 
  a subtle way to say `` f % ck you '' to the censors , eh ? 
  can we please sue ... umm ... most hollywood studios ? 
   yunan there is a chinese province called yunnan, 
  let us hope for that ... 
  putin does not need to be a classical dictator , because the country is firmly in the st. petersburg clique 's grip without the need to restrict freedom of speech for ordinary people , and i can not say that freedom of the press is exactly removed -- the main opposition radio station is one of the most popular radio stations in the country , and i ca n't recall the last time they said anything good about putin edit : removed typo, 
  then why is it lower than the us or turkey ? 
   russians are an energetic , happy , and content people . 
  they are gifted and hardworking the last thing one might say about russians is that they are content and hardworking . 
  based on past experience , russians tend to be lazy and complain all the time, 
  how is russia so high ? 
  we only have a small insurgency in chechnya, 
  putin used to work in kgb , so he had experience . 
  if he was the director of fsb , russia would be much better ( provided nemtsov or hakamada is president ), 
  for one thing , you can insult putin on social media as much as you want without consequences , while in turkey if you insult erdogan you go to jail for insulting the president, 
  hmm . 
  what about taxing flights bound to turkey to make plane tickets more expensive ? 
  russian here , can identify . 
  russia is not yet quite as bad , but we 're on our way, 
  feels so surreal, 
  nah , salo and rye bread is better with horilka ( ukrainian vodka ) and vopli vidoplyasova, 
  this further proves the point that the uk is not more european than russia -- in fact , barbaric sandwiches are a recent introduction in russia, 
  hmm . 
  we also have open sandwiches in russia , although they are usually just bread-cheese-sausage or something like that, 
  more like one half of us wants to be like you , the other hates everything you guys stand for . 
  personally i am in the first half , which is comprised of the educated people ( not always wealthy people , in russia education \u2260 wealth ) . 
  the second half is poor , uneducated , and 99.99999 % of it are idiots . 
  this half includes gopniks ( known for squatting and wearing tracksuits , and is one almost the lowest a russian may fall ) , but most of it is regular bydlo ( a term similar to the us term `` white trash '' ), 
  more like one half of us wants to be like you , the other hates everything you guys stand for . 
  personally i am in the first half , which is comprised of the educated people ( not always wealthy people , in russia education \u2260 wealth ) . 
  the second half is poor , uneducated , and 99.99999 % of it are idiots . 
  this half includes gopniks ( known for squatting and wearing tracksuits , and is one almost the lowest a russian may fall ) , but most of it is regular bydlo ( a term similar to the us term `` white trash '' ), 
  russia and turkey, 
  the whole world and england, 
  - really badass anthem - lots of albanians - many russians use montenegro vpns for things like pirated content, 
  good , now i 'm hungry . 
  it does -- living standards are going down , and the people have to be convinced that putin is good . 
  people, 
  so mexico is rich while russia is not ? 
  triggered !, 
  and they say commie blocks have small apartments ... 
  the chinese anthem should be red -- it talks about the sino-japanese war . 
  here is a poetic translation of the lyrics :  arise , ye who will not become slaves !, 
   with our own flesh and blood , let us build up our new great wall !, 
   our nation 's come to its most dangerous time !, 
   every one shall for the homeland in defiance rise !, 
   arise !, 
  arise !, 
  arise !, 
   millions become one  as we break enemy ranks  march on !, 
   as we break enemy ranks  march on !, 
  march on !, 
  march on !, 
  these are called * wumaos * . 
  you do not encounter them because they usually focus on issues like the south china sea , the senkaku islands , hong kong independence , or basically anything to do with taiwanese politics, 
  and russian propaganda is not particularly successful -- if you take * any * part of russia and hold a referendum on joining sweden , the result would be a `` yes '' with the percentage of yes votes varying from 90 % to 100 % ( unless the referendum is conducted by the russian authorities , then the result would be 146 % voting `` no '' ), 
  the * alternative * swedish defence and national security adviser, 
  stop talking to him , he 's probably a troll, 
  stop talking to him , he 's probably a troll, 
  i agree , the quality of life in the ussr was not perfect . 
  i think you missed my original point -- education in russia was better during the soviet era than now , and went on to saying that communism is bad . 
  where is the link ? 
  i was talking about the 1970s-1980s . 
  as for the satellite states , political freedom and economic prosperity are two different things . 
  a communist political system was forced on countries , many of which had traditions of anti-communism ; i doubt they would like it regardless of quality of life, 
  speaking of irish , do you think it is hard to learn ? 
  all i am saying that education was better in the soviet era than in modern russia . 
  not to mention that the soviets did have a good education . 
  what you say shows that you only know about the soviet union comes from cold war propaganda and hollywood movies . 
  i am not saying it was perfect , but everybody had enough to eat at least , and education and healthcare were very good . 
  now the government invests very little in these spheres , corruption increased , hell our hdi only got back to 1990 levels in 2010 ( if you count only russia proper ), 
   what makes estonia so much better than the other baltic states ? 
  i presume that keeping the soviet system ( in terms of math and science ) and paying teachers decent salaries works, 
  i wonder what was the score in the soviet era ? 
  because education was better back then , i wan na see how much . 
  still , at least we 're not below average . 
  good job estonians !, 
  i thought the government cancelled those laws . 
  what are their demands now ? 
  well , i suppose one could air the original in the us and it will be ok . 
  except for this one episode when they were at the amusement park, 
  sik manol looks like a stereotypical mobster from interwar chicago, 
  you mean norwegians ? 
  was there an estonian dub ? 
  you forgot smeshariki, 
  we had them in the ussr . 
  one of the few of the animation posts in here a 1970s/1980s kid from russia would recognise, 
  in the russian versions ( of the movies at least ) , they kept all the names intact . 
  oh , how much joke opportunities were missed ... 
  i read them first as an adult a couple of years ago -- we did not have them in the ussr , so i did not grow up reading them , however i read them -- all out loud -- to keep my french pronunciation good . 
  it was hard to read them out loud though because of those uncontrollable bursts of laughter while reading,
