  our politics is black humour anyway , so it would not be very appropriate -- it would ruin the concept, 
  laughing so hard right now, 
  very , very far . 
  `` bad government '' is our government 's main ideology, 
  depends on how deeply christian , but people who say stuff like `` we need to kill all gays because muh jesus '' are considered slightly absolute nutjobs, 
  wearing them right now lol . 
  they are good for things like going to the beach , or for wearing them in your home without any guests ( or just friends ), 
  easier to say which conspiracy theories are * not * popular in this place . 
  popular ones include the shadow government theory and the moon conspiracy , although there are some exotic ones ( usually unpopular ) . 
  for example , i once saw a guy on the internet claim that the 1991 coup attempt was orchestrated by yeltsin so he could gain political capital and take over russia, 
  right now i am living in china , so people mistake nationalities a lot . 
  top guesses by taxi drivers are france , america and the uk, 
  well , who would expect japan to be what it is now in 1940 ? 
  failed, 
   how does a man masturbate without foreskin ? 
  with lube ? 
  i heard so, 
  imo , israel and palestine should be separated with jerusalem going under some form of un administration ( at any rate , it should be separate from both ) and , once the region stabilises for good ( if at all ) , the un hq should be moved there, 
  moscow -- the city not made of rubber . 
  humorous , and derived from the slogan `` moscow is not made of rubber '' used by people opposed to inter-regional migration -- rubber , unlike moscow , can be stretched , and the slogan says that moscow might not be able to cope with so many people moving in st. petersburg -- the northern capital , the cultural capital , peter . 
  novosibirsk -- the capital of siberia yekaterinburg -- the capital of the ural ( people from perm ' dispute this claim ), 
  such a shame i am not in russia now . 
  i missed so much, 
   russia  good food pick one, 
  russia -- we see ourselves as lazy , and not able to make decisions for ourselves ( this is why most of us want a ruler with a `` firm hand '' ) . 
  also we drink a lot, 
  what about the basement thing ? 
  same . 
  the rule 63 version of putin , placed within the context of the uk, 
  english . 
  before french and especially german used to be common , but they are switching to chinese . 
  the teachers undergo 3-month courses in chinese . 
  that 's barely enough to learn the very basics like ` hello ' , ` thank you ' or ` goodbye ' if you learn characters, 
  no -- he will be only an opposition leader, 
  like once a year , and that 's usually only for an hour due to maintenance, 
  very simple -- whoever gives the most bribes wins . 
  does not always have to be money . 
  introduce taxes on some american products, 
  turns out that my languages could be english , greek or chinese . 
  for english dialect they suggested standard us , singaporean or black vernacular, 
  [ new york , jersey city , providence ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2013/12/20/sunday-review/dialect-quiz-map.html?_r=1&amp; ), 
  no -- but we have the opposition media , which can show those who have not realised it yet that russian politics is like house of cards irl , but a bit worse, 
   party of crooks and thieves i heard this used about [ another party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/party_of_crooks_and_thieves ) ... 
  let me contribute my two cents to this conversation , though i am not swedish . 
  depends on the region . 
  if you are talking northern europe ( including the baltics ) , st. petersburg , northern germany , or the netherlands , i 'd say you could go on low-cost flights on some weekends . 
  if i was working in stockholm though , i would first check out places that are not too far , like uppsala ( which is very near ) or goteborg , malm\u00f6 , copenhagen ( there is a bridge between denmark and sweden iirc ) , or oslo , which one can drive to . 
  maybe take a ferry to helsinki, 
  russia 's taxation system is very unfair . 
  we have a flat tax system -- here everyone pays 13 % if they earn above ~ 100 usd a month . 
  let the rich pay 35 % and the poor pay 2 % !, 
  personally i find this stuff disgusting however , i also find people licking their fingers disgusting , but i do not consider it a crime . 
  so i say ` this is not problem , it is not real like violent game ', 
  \u0412\u0438\u043a\u0438\u043f\u0435\u0434\u0438\u044f ( vikipedija ) edit : but for some reason , it is also commonly called \u041f\u0435\u0434\u0438\u0432\u0438\u043a\u0438\u044f ( pedivikija ) on the russian internet, 
  i 've just noticed that `` fianna fail '' is mentioned in the irish anthem i wonder if it gives them heightened self-esteem, 
   kent - kr\u00e4m it 's one of my favourite songs now, 
  in the pocket of the government, 
  uk , ireland, 
  in 2013 nobody expected dnr to form in the first place though, 
  local languages being still official in member countries is the only thing to be left intact edit : and of course , the united europe must be at least a federation, 
  probably igor if it 's a boy or anastasia if it 's a girl . 
   mother to all future children here i am trying to imagine merdogan giving birth, 
  also used to be a hotel ( ugly one , btw ), 
  their government is crazy , but not as much as saudi arabia . 
  i am 195 cm tall . 
  that 's tall everywhere, 
  every day, 
  are you joking ? 
  sweden never was socialist, 
   i think the main difference is that in eastern europe countries there were n't any shortages ( edit : ok , there were shortages , but at least in my country people did n't die of starvation , that 's what i meant ) in russia in ~ 1990-1993 the situation was near that, 
  still , venezuela will only have this in two years . 
  the transition would be long, 
  yes , i moved out a couple of years ago . 
  this does not make me less russian, 
  that 's after 1991 though . 
  in theory , probably -- according to article 282 of the russian criminal code , promoting hate against a person or a group of persons based on gender , race , ethnicity , language , religion or belonging to a social group . 
  since moroccan immigrants are a social group , it is possible to convict wilders for hate speech . 
  in practice , the judge will probably dismiss the charges , since `` social group '' is not defined , and in theory criminals are also a social group , therefore the law itself can be considered extremist under article 282 . 
  therefore , a lot will depend on the judge , who may or may not ( but most probably will be ) sympathetic to wilders , and who will rule in wilders ' favour in this case, 
  either tomato soup or ramen ( real ramen , not instant ramen ) . 
  edit : forgot tom yum , beef brisket pho , and onion soup . 
  although i am not really a fan of soup, 
  i am sure that venezuela 's revolution will be long and painful , with much instability in the beginning, 
  i 'd prefer the french one, 
  remember -- no matter how hard the gop will press on you , they are the past . 
  you are the future . 
  and introduce mandatory vaccination !, 
  most like to live in -- probably california or massachusets ( not sure how to spell it ) . 
  most of the west coast and the northeast would also be ok least likely to leave in -- anywhere in the south . 
  it 's basically either what i am most fed up of in russia in the same concentrations ( as in texas ) or in higher concentrations ( as in alabama , mississippi and other places like that ), 
  most like to live in -- probably california or massachusets ( not sure how to spell it ) . 
  most of the west coast and the northeast would also be ok least likely to leave in -- anywhere in the south . 
  it 's basically either what i am most fed up of in russia in the same concentrations ( as in texas ) or in higher concentrations ( as in alabama , mississippi and other places like that ), 
  what is happening now is kind of like 1991 in russia -- mass shortages , and everyone understands that the current regime will not last for much longer, 
  i find flag worshipping * very * creepy, 
  around 30 in public schools , 10 in private schools, 
  ice hockey, 
  because the only things they care about are their pockets and documentation looking nice 2 . 
  already kinda did -- working abroad, 
  i 'd rather trust , like , donald trump , than a russian police officer,
