  same !, 
  jeremic seems nice, 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/science_and_technology_in_russia#science_and_education ) . 
  all is sourced, 
  which one -- about the discoveries or about you being a troll ? 
  for russians `` russian '' is an ethnicity . 
  ukrainians are not russians , and nobody cares about what you guys think on the matter, 
  well , not exactly countless , but a lot -- periodic table , spaceflight , chromatography , non-euclidean geometry , leds , viruses , venus ' atmosphere , the energy conservation law , among others , were discovered by russians and something tells me you are a troll, 
  i 'm not saying that in terms of science we are better than america , but still countless major scientific accomplishments were made by russians edit : \u0445\u043e\u0445\u043b\u043e\u0441\u0440\u0430\u0447 has reached / r/europe . 
  vk is leaking, 
  russian , with some ukrainian blood , however i consider myself ethnically russian, 
  who mentioned the people ? 
  he was not a collaborator -- just a nazi, 
  umm , was n't it you who shifted the focus to bandera ? 
  actually , kiev rus ' itself was established as a viking state , but it does not mean we should go and join sweden . 
  moreover , the extent to which kiev rus ' is russian or ukrainian is debatable , especially considering that at the time there was n't really a rus ' identity -- most slavs identified more with their tribe ( at first ) or with their feudal clique ( later ) . 
  russia is hard to rank -- if you have no money for bribes , doing business in russia becomes damn hard ( way below 40th place ) . 
  if you have unlimited money for bribes , however , russia suddenly rises to 1st place, 
  if you mean since the stalin era , sure . 
  however belarus is going downhill -- actually most of the world is, 
  fun fact -- in belarus mass clapping in public spaces is not allowed , since it was used by pro-democracy protesters to express protest, 
   belarus  freedom pick one, 
  really , after ceausescu one can understand why the romanians hate communism . 
  reminds me of russian 1920s propaganda, 
  whom do you support ? 
  so serbia is basically like russia , but with serious opposition ? 
  it 's their right, 
   muscovites are not russian wtf ? 
  yes , but were there any ukrainian nobel laureates ? 
  peace and literature do not count, 
  man , that was 200 years ago . 
  get over it . 
  yes , but what if they * chose * to become part of russia ? 
  seriously , people act as though the victory in wwii is the only thing russians should be proud of . 
  not that russia sent the first man-made object and person to space , came up with many space exploration things from the principles of rocketry to extraterrestrial colonies ( theoretically ) as early as the 1900s , came up with the periodic table , or anything like that, 
  same for russia and ukraine, 
  that image is a nice outline of russia 's politics . 
  there is one or two set up shots , but most are simply the darker aspects of life in russia . 
  of course you will not witness this stuff daily , but i guess this sometimes happens . 
  life in russia is not like that , although we do have lots of depression ( especially january to march ) and poverty ( especially outside of the big cities ), 
  because for some reason , russians love idiots, 
  nah , it means `` group of liars , crooks and thieves '', 
   fockle  facal  focal the gaelic are so ditry, 
  so basically another term for `` milf '' ? 
  so most arabs * reject * wine , while the other muslims * drink * it ? 
  i can pay for the ammo, 
  well , it 's not the best furniture in the world , but it 's quite good , and the quality-price ratio is ok, 
   commie blocks ironic coming from albania, 
  yay we are a developed country !!!!!!, 
  if i see it all right , erdogan is threatening to start an urban guerrilla campaign against europe . 
  right now , europe must make it clear that it is not afraid of erdogan by systematically ignoring such threats -- the turks will see that erdogan is not taken seriously, 
  how about no whataboutism ? 
  i 'm sick and tired of it in our own political discourse, 
  i was being sarcastic about irredentism among russian rightwingers, 
  you forgot puppet states ( iran at least ), 
  can i have some examples ? 
  just curious about what bullcrap did ceausescu try to feed kids, 
  whose illegitimate son was nicolae ceausescu , who invented toffee and trouser belts and led the glorious communist romania, 
  yes , but nobody knows about narva now, 
  well , bashar al-assad was not democratically elected , and there is a fair bit of election rigging in russia, 
  but what about narva ? 
  actually many people overestimate his importance to russia -- his main function is to make russians ashamed of themselves, 
  rather rule 101 : if there is a social group , it has fascists or nazis . 
  no exceptions, 
  i 'm going to convince my friends who want to go on vacation to turkey to rather go to sochi, 
   erdo-chan that 's gold, 
  the man is basically inflating the far-right 's popularity, 
  unlucky turkey -- famous for dictators, 
  if it was really the troll 's tongue , then nobody would be able to come close without butthurting, 
  reminds me of the village where my dad grew up, 
  maybe it 's ginny, 
  k , thanks !, 
  but to be fair , finland was quite screwed -- though not as much as germany or france . 
  what exactly is happening btw ? 
  i missed a lot of it , please eli5 the issue to me someone, 
  since when is azer more relevant than estonia ? 
  so azerbaijan is more european than estonia ? 
  * triggered *, 
  imo nicholas ii had it coming . 
  his family though ... 
  i 'd say you might threaten turkey with that -- if erdogan does not call of the referendum and/or release political prisoners , then a vote is held on kicking out turkey, 
  #there is no god other than the gottkanzler !!!!!!!!!!, 
  well , the persians called it persian fire and the chinese called it the chinese rash, 
   a lot of people in my country regard it as an example of social justice only works for the soviet era . 
  modern russia is very unfair . 
  still , better than what was in the 1990s, 
  to be honest , so far my reactions to corbyn 's appointment were positive . 
  he is a good leader for a developed country , however for a developing country he would be a disaster, 
  so the jewish populations of france , switzerland and sweden grew after israel appeared ? 
  interesting ? 
  well , if russian propaganda is fought against , why should n't turkey 's be ? 
  in terms of religiosity, 
  well , since it is milonov who proposed it , it probably means that it will not get passed , although our duma 's average iq has been on the constant decline since 2005 , and after the pussy riot incident has been approaching 0 , so who knows . 
  the turnout for elections in russia is very low -- 65 % for the 2012 presidential elections , and only 48 % for last year 's parliamentary elections . 
  most of the people do not trust any political force , be it the government or the opposition . 
  not to mention that you forgot about election rigging, 
  you probably mean lutherans -- non-mainline protestants are the most radical, 
  russia is more or less same as greece . 
   does everyone automatically become part of the russian orthodox church ? 
  only if you are baptised,
