  so learning russia will be really important ( although in moscow almost everywhere there is someone who speaks english ), 
  tatars - russia 's largest ethnic minority . 
  they are usually considered very friendly . 
  bosniaks and albanians -- most russians would probably ask `` albania ? 
  is it in africa or in asia ? '', 
  if asked this question, 
  are you a scientist ? 
  is it possible to survive on the salaries you goys get in russia ? 
  hell no ... 
  yeah , russian politics are stupid beyond fun . 
  for instance , when the duma passes a stupid law i cry , not laugh . 
  such laws are only funny if they apply to someone else , but if you , for example , are required to shoot any welshman you see using a bow and arrow , that 's sad, 
  after reading this thread , i have realised that russia is not that bad after all ... all we have is a kind of blasphemy law which only applies for defamation of a place of worship ( including a mosque , a synagogue , a pagoda , etc. ), 
  and a ban on selling alcohol after 10 pm, 
  what about blasphemy law ? 
  what about the law forbidding you to insult heads of state ? 
  let 's say i am proud that i come from the land of tsiolkovsky , gagarin , mendeleev and tolstoy , but not that i come from the land of putin and well ... most russians . 
  almost all ikea . 
  desk , couple of chairs , sofa , bed , dining table , full set of kitchen stuff , drawer , beside table ... long list, 
  foreigners consider it damn hard ( although imo it is easier than other slavic languages due to the higher amount of loanwords -- the names of months in russian have western origins , while other slavic languages use traditional names ), 
  yes , but after filtering it . 
  especially for those who are not really rich, 
  in russia i used to live in several different commie blocks . 
  sound isolation is usually good , although those built during the stalin era have better sound isolation . 
  since i moved to china ... holy cow . 
  i can hear every single word on the tv they are watching, 
  but still , to beat china you would have to try real hard, 
  same, 
  op are you trolling or are you serious ? 
  culturally we are closer . 
  i want finnish education , swiss-style free market and german military system ( no conscription ), 
  a sprint is held between road policemen . 
  the one who comes third will get a 1-week holiday in turkey , all inclusive . 
  the one who comes second will get a new car . 
  the one who comes first will get a portable `` stop '' sign ( context : road policemen are perceived to be extremely corrupt . 
  a portable stop sign gives extra opportunities to coerce bribes from people ), 
  tallinn is the capital . 
  it 's just any place the russian would want to get to, 
   there 's a class of turkish jokes that involve three people from three different nationalities , the third one is almost always turkish like that in russia . 
  but in russia , the russian always wins , albeit by being stupid . 
  for example :  an american , a chinese and a russians are caught by aliens . 
  they are given two heavy lead balls and are told to amaze the team , otherwise they will be killed . 
  the american juggles with the balls , and is killed . 
  the chinese eats them and spits them out , and is also killed . 
  but the russian is let go -- he loses one and break the other, 
  the joke about the m\u0130t made me laugh under the table, 
  browser -- safari engine -- depends on situation . 
  yandex , yahoo , and baidu when in china ( where i currently live as an expat ) , and yandex , google , yahoo and duckduckgo when outside china, 
  maslenitsa -- making pancakes , and burning an effigy of winter . 
  also on the last sunday before lent , we ask everyone for forgiveness, 
  outside of europe -- definitely shanghai , china . 
  i 've never seen so much art deco architecture in my life, 
  muscovite , russian , european . 
  sneakers on most occasions while going out except for formal occasions , and boots if it is cold or muddy . 
  if it gets hot people wear sandals or sometimes flip-flops . 
  so not too different from america, 
  moscow -- not too many tourists . 
  a plurality of them are chinese who go there to buy brad clothes , which , contrary to the misconception in russia , are * way * more expensive in china . 
  russia 's tourist capital is st. petersburg , and in moscow tourists mostly stick to the kremlin or arbat street ( a kind of moscow 's montmartre ) . 
  when locals hang out , they avoid arbat -- it is overcrowded and expensive , while there are lots of nice little streets with old architecture very near which are almost never visited by tourists, 
  have your ancestors lived in the former ussr ? 
  have your ancestors lived in the former ussr ? 
  it 's the same way in chinese, 
  that 's a joke, 
  it 's an expression to point out that they miss those days because these were the days of their youth, 
  we have one , and surprisingly enough it is not putin . 
  we have [ vladimir zhirinovsky ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vladimir_zhirinovsky ) -- a jewish russian nationalist , the leader of the liberal democratic party which is not democratic , let alone liberal . 
  calls for a return to monarchy and says we should have recognised the taliban government, 
  in russia it is mostly retired people who say `` everything was better in the soviet union , the grass was greener , the water was cleaner , and my penis could get hard '' who get our communist party running . 
  although now it is more similar to the chinese and vietnamese communist parties than to eurocommunism, 
   interestingly , japanese people tend to have a much easier time learning hungarian than europeans . 
  probably because the logic of the languages is so similar , even though they are n't related . 
  i always found japanese and hungarian * pronunciations * similar . 
  so maybe they * are * related after all ... 
  most of them are from the former soviet union , they learn russian at school , so most of them speak it , but badly, 
  hell no , freedom of religion is one of the rights which make us euros who we are, 
  like this ? 
  the people did not really feel any national pride while singing it , and singing the melody did not really feel ok for singing the anthem , and they pretty much got fed up , and bibbity bobbity boo we 're back with the soviet anthem, 
   st. wenceslaus chorale at first i thought you mean this song :  good king wenceslaus looked out  on the feast of stephen !, 
  really , the lyrics are just a set of cliches, 
  i 'd rather revert to the [ 1990s anthem ] ( https://youtu.be/4fsrpwg6y_0 ) ( with the proposed lyrics ) or the [ anthem of the free russia ] ( https://youtu.be/z9ok89xqlyw ) ( although the lyrics are kind of odd ) . 
  but how about ddt 's [ rodina ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/cfji3riexs4 ), 
   great plus : neither of them has a text we used to have a lyricless anthem , and i would strongly advise you not to repeat our mistakes, 
  and why would we want finland , i wonder ? 
  i think not, 
  as i said , many people lost all they had , and became disappointed with capitalism . 
  as a result , we became more anti-western . 
  i am one of the few people who survived with the same ideals -- i was a social democrat before and remained so now, 
  my family almost went broke then . 
  back then we were quite wealthy , but not too rich . 
  still we managed to return most of what we lost by 2005 . 
  but that time was real hard -- many got dissatisfied with capitalism , and as a result we have what we have now, 
  in my opinion , the greatest test was the 1998 crisis -- lots of poverty , lots of ruined hopes . 
  but the most recent one was , surprisingly , the period of high oil prices , when we finally had a chance to get a bloody normal quality of life by re-industrialising , but instead the government invested a sum of money roughly equal to estonia 's gdp in the bloody olympics , and there are always the football cups , not to mention hiring expensive football players and coaches for russian teams . 
  test result -- epic fail, 
  rbc.ru is the most unbiased . 
  but it is still considered liberal . 
  it is not good . 
  but it is the way the world works :(,
