  well , walking through an ordinary area of minsk is probably the closest you can get to having a look at what is was like under the ussr -- unless you can get into transnistria , which is kind of hard, 
  when i think of ukrainian scenery i always see a wheat field above a spotless blue sky ( like their flag ), 
   they 've obviously had towns and cities before that . 
  but where are they now , though ? 
  i wonder what are the oldest buildings still in use, 
  macron fake documents . 
  from the creators of pizzagate, 
  that 's thatcherism for you !, 
  so russia , ukraine , belarus , bosnia and serbia are not european , and the uk has gone back to pre-1801 days when ireland was still separate . 
  that 's what alcohol does to you !, 
  it means , `` shit ( literally - whore ) , where is my beer !, 
  '' , right ? 
  i think they can do with a bit less diacritcs . 
  on the rest , i could understand it although i know more germanic languages than slavic languages, 
  mao was , in fact , worse -- what he did is both killing and cultural genocide of his own people, 
  even if we suppose that back then estonians massacred russians , it 's still no excuse for what happened, 
  stalin * was * terrible , but he was not as bad as hitler was , though . 
  man , that was years before that . 
  killing civilians , and moreover for what their ancestors did , is just ... 
  to be fair , if the nazis won it would have been much , much worse . 
  and this would be perpetual, 
  they were not as bad as the nazis, 
  well , whatever the reasoning was , mandatory free vaccination was a good system -- one of the good things about the soviet era . 
  we should bring this back and discard authoritarianism , not the reverse, 
  so should they evade taxes ? 
  so what you are saying is either that russian companies can not be successful , or they should evade taxes, 
   turkaboo is it a thing ? 
  but they pay taxes to russia and finance the war, 
  by that logic , any russian national or firm should be banned from ukraine, 
  yandex does not shell mariupil ' ( or wherever the front is now ), 
  if ukraine is fighting putin , why should it block private websites ? 
  we had this in the ussr ( i think ) , but not anymore . 
  one of the few things i miss about the ussr . 
  well done italy, 
  first they let the government block websites , then they jail the opposition . 
  come on , we had the same cycle ( only back then there was not much use blocking the internet , since most people did not use it when putin came to power ), 
  reddit is not blocked in china, 
  svoboda , the right sector and the national corps , the only three neo-fascist parties in the rada ( the parliament of ukraine ) , together have only ten seats out of 450 . 
  none of them are in government . 
  stop watching russia today -- especially before lunch ( a reference to the russian novel * heart of a dog * , in which the protagonist told his assistant not to read soviet newspapers before lunch , since they , according to the characters , caused problems with digestion ), 
  sure , accounting software and antiviruses are russian propaganda tools . 
  kaspersky is going to block your computer from seeing search results that criticise putin / s, 
  yes , but war is against the government , not the citizens . 
  you are n't going ( or , at least , are not supposed , now it 's hard to tell what is real and what is propaganda ) to attack civilian offices in donetsk probably, 
   would you buy software made in a country that constantly shells your borders ? 
  if it is good , yes . 
  if china shelled vladivostok i would continue using chinese apps -- the war is against the government , not the people, 
  also kaspersky are the ones who are doing the most to fight wannacry, 
  it looks like they are near a shopping mall ... 
  i hate to say it , but the president is kind of the greatest asshole to rule a western nation in the 21st century ? 
  in hong kong , it just allowed * some * people to get rich . 
  many ( like really many ) people in hk can not afford an apartment bigger than a parking space, 
   europe sans scandinavia judging by this map , estonia , as well as latvia and half of european russia can into nordic, 
  as long as the government has enough sense to dump these policies quick enough, 
  then i will tell you a secret -- quality of life and gdp per capita are two different things, 
  if erdogan continues the referendum no matter what , he will grow in popularity at home and lose all remaining political capital abroad, 
  it looks like a candy box, 
  please tell me you are being sarcastic, 
  czechia does seem a pretty nice place, 
  they have a tradition of hardcore capitalism . 
  such a system has never been shown to be good for equality, 
   and how tf can america be worse than an openly oligarchic nation like russia ? 
  come on ... we do n't have much of a history of this stuff . 
  10 more years of economic growth and russia will top the list, 
  russia came out of the fall of european communism dirt poor and with lots of income inequality ( although in our defence , much of this income inequality came in the 2000s when lots of russians got rich because of oil , and much of that wealth stuck in the hands of oligarchs or oil companies like gazprom ) . 
  czechia came out rich and with one of the lowest income inequalities in the world ( seriously , they were probably more unequal under communism ) czechia teach us your secrets !!!!!, 
  maybe they will place restrictions on who can use a vpn and who ca n't -- for example , private brits must get a licence , while registered businesses can use it freely, 
  they might do it the way it 's done in china -- restricting vpns for locals, 
   the only ones on par with us are russia and north korea . 
  putin is on par with trump ? 
  i 'm offended !, 
  first belgium disappears , then the eu flag . 
  farage is some kind of black hole, 
  itt : i think i just found the perfect way to troll eastern europeans, 
  what nation would celebrate the victory over itself , though ? 
  we have the 8th of may to celebrate that, 
  username checks out, 
  basically whoever made this map is saying : `` russia , get sevastopol , it is not our anyway . 
  yours sincerely , oun '', 
  you forgot greater russia -- the whole world , except for kosovo because kosovo is serbia, 
  it has `` protest '' in it . 
  the chinese will never allow it even in other east asian countries, 
  the majority of russians do not hate gayness in itself , but they hate lgbt culture or anything that glorifies gays . 
  if they said that it 's moldovan , they would cause lots of annoyance among those who say they speak romanian , and if they mention romanian those who say they speak moldovan would get real annoyed, 
  for comparison -- iraq 's gdp per capita is 3 times higher than moldova 's, 
  was the wine good ? 
  - it 's a former soviet country , they speak romanian . 
  used to be called bessarabia - they claim transnistria - they are poor . 
  like real poor . 
  they are the only european country whose hdi is * below * world average - moldovan immigrants in russia often specialise in putting tiles - they make some really good and cheap wine , however to try it you have to actually go there . 
  the wine they export tastes like feces dissolved in urine, 
  comes with hands, 
   marc dutroux who is that ? 
  a well-known child molester ? 
  for navalny , russia is worth dying for -- at any rate , losing an eye, 
  username checks out, 
  those who have ever watched jav know, 
  what are your political views btw ? 
   russia is not worth dying for , its not even worth losing an eye for . 
  nor for navalny,
