  basically never, 
  multiculturalism is a society where two or more ethnicities live side-by-side , with each practicing their culture as long as the others do not suffer from it . 
  celebrating eid -- great . 
  fgm -- not really , this has no place in multiculturalism . 
  multiculturalism in russia is usually found in more ethnically diverse places in russia , like kazan . 
  seriously , why was it not adopted at independence ? 
  it used to be really big in russia . 
  i still love it, 
  almost never, 
  for russia -- totally true !, 
  ( see my comment ), 
  was it enforced ? 
  used to before , now i improved my english and keep no russian words while thinking in english, 
  never heard of anyone doing that . 
  i never considered doing this before , partly since never having sex without condoms works out fine for me, 
  i mean sexual attitudes, 
  what about the communist era ? 
  in russia the sexual revolution came relatively late -- premartial sex only became acceptable in the mid-1990s ( and iirc it happened almost overnight ) . 
  before that , having sex before marriage was a no-no . 
  that was what was said openly . 
  in reality , however , the soviet era was the golden age of sex . 
  rumours of forgotten days talk about girls losing their virginities at about twelve , of threesomes , foursomes and fivesomes being something quite ordinary , and other tales that can turn into plots for porn movies . 
  hell , in comparison to the soviet era modern russia seems like saudi arabia . 
  but that was all secret . 
  an open secret , but a secret now , however , russia is more or less the same as the west . 
  now , abstaining from sex until marriage is rare . 
  prostitution is banned , however the law is not well-enforced, 
  take some in, 
  the economy was growing , there was more freedom than in almost any other period of russian history , the quality of life was the highest it has ever been in russia , the government did not yet go full nationalist . 
  of course it was not a very nice period to live in , but the best one in russian history, 
  i 'd say 2010 . 
  2010-2013 was the best period in russia 's history ( if we do not count the novgorod republic ), 
  if the people want independence , let them have it !, 
  poland , judging by post history, 
  what is it ? 
  actually i memorised the first stanza although i do not speak swedish, 
  i do not know our anthem 's lyrics -- only the first stanza . 
  we had a different anthem during the yeltsin era -- only instrumental . 
  there were unofficial lyrics which i know . 
  i 'd actually be very uncomfortable doing that either, 
  never seen that, 
  same in russia, 
  it 's easier to just torrent , so no one uses this even if it is possible, 
  yes -- we have the ege ( unified state examination ) at the end of high school , for which you pick a certain amount of subject -- i think it 's three , i might be wrong -- plus maths and russian , which are required . 
  when it happens ( it 's in early june ) , it makes the headlines, 
  enormous land area, 
  finland , sweden , denmark , france , germany , maybe norway, 
  an insurgency threatening the life and freedom of other russian nationals on russian soil ( like a radical islamist or neo-nazi insurgency ), 
  i have russian , ukrainian , karelian , and possibly polish and/or ashkenazi jewish ancestry . 
  most people do not know about this -- it 's not like it 's a topic for regular conversation -- but those that know do not care, 
  everyone who is sentenced to life should be given the right to euthanasia on request, 
  unless i have to defend it from isis , no, 
  i am against death penalty , but if he wants to die , we should help him do so, 
  i agree with your girlfriend . 
  he should have gotten life imprisonment without possibility of parole and with the right to request euthanasia . 
  it should be treated the same way as the swastika is, 
  before the soviet union fell apart , you guys had lots of industry and agriculture . 
  your starting positions were the best in the former soviet union . 
  yet you are where you are . 
  i am talking about the quality of life people have , not modernity . 
  i am not sure , but south korea has drastic inequality , while the czech republic does not have much of it , so the ordinary south korean and the ordinary czech probably have similar living standards . 
  in poland they are lower , but still close, 
  well , not that you have much to distribute . 
  ukraine 's gdp per capita is smaller than sudan 's , and its average income is way less than angola 's, 
  reminds me of russian rock music, 
  reminds me of russian rock music, 
  reminds me of russian rock music, 
  reminds me of russian rock music, 
  reminds me of russian rock music, 
  reminds me of russian rock music, 
  china is not going to replace the us , the chinese bubble is going to burst soon . 
  and imo it 's a good thing, 
  russia -- living standards very drastically by region . 
  in moscow , st. petersburg , the oil-rich north and belgorod oblast , they are comparable with countries like south korea or the czech republic or israel . 
  in the rest of the country , however , the quality of life is very low , comparable to , say , mexico ( if not lower ) . 
  in chechnya and in the regions among the mongolian border , however , living standards are comparable to south africa or uzbekistan ukraine -- basically same as russia , but without moscow , st. petersburg and the oil-rich regions poland -- basically same as russia without the poor countryside areas, 
  no , not really . 
  although i am not really into any kind of rap, 
  random iranian-sounding ( i do not know why i picked iranian for the purpose ) name . 
  not my real name at all, 
  hold a rally for russia to join, 
  best -- i 'd say catherine the great , under her russia was quite progressive worst -- maybe stalin , but i would not call him russian , since he was ethnic georgian , and at the time russia was formally just one soviet republic . 
  in this case it is probably nicholas ii . 
  he was a `` not-give-a-f@ck '' type who tried to prevent russia from modernising , and got us into two disastrous wars -- with japan and wwi, 
  earl grey ( with 2 cubes of cane sugar ) -- for breakfast , chinese tie guan yin ( no sugar ) -- 9 am till 4 pm , peppermint tea -- in the evening ( 1 cube of cane sugar ), 
  why are you asking ? 
  \\ s ( it 's a reference to [ kaschenism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kashchenism ) ) a lot of them live in russia . 
  many of my teachers , and my boss ( when i worked in moscow ) were jewish , as were my old neighbours , one of my school classmates , and two of my friends back in moscow but now i am working in china . 
  no prominent jewish population there, 
  for example , `` sklep '' is ` shop ' in polish , and ` crypt ' in russian . 
  so when i was in poland for a couple of days it felt , umm , a bit creepy . 
  i knew what it means , but seems like my subconscious did n't, 
  i can understand spanish ( thanks to my french ) , dutch ( thanks to my english and german ) and most east slavic languages relatively well edit : also i am currently learning chinese, 
  earl grey tea , two pieces of brown sugar . 
  but if i am really sleepy , then it 's chinese tea of a really strong variety all this works extra well if you eat a bit of 99 % chocolate after breakfast . 
  reminds me of the joke about the pot for russians not needing to be watched because if one runs away , the others pull him in, 
  never heard about the barn . 
  just the cow part, 
  hmm . 
  i always considered this to be related to the mentality , and the ussr did not make this -- it made the ussr , in some ways,
