  of the ur of course . 
  which one do you support ? 
  russia : pro-government : 1 . 
  united russia ( ur ) . 
  ideology -- corruption and populism . 
  aka the party of scoundrels and thieves . 
  if one night 60 % of all russians -- but none of them in united russia -- suddenly wakes up pro-lgbt rights , united russia will become the most gay-friendly party in the world . 
  supporters are mostly ordinary people -- urban and rural -- above 35 2 . 
  communist party of the russian federation ( cprf ) . 
  these guys have managed to mix communism , nationalism and religion . 
  the voter base is mostly retired people who are like `` it was so much better in the ussr , the grass was greener , the trees were taller , and my dick could get hard '' . 
  a puppet of ur . 
  a just russia ( jr ) . 
  claims to be social democratic , but has some really conservative members . 
  not sure who even votes for them . 
  a puppet of ur 4 . 
  liberal democratic party of russia ( ldpr ) . 
  full of contradictions -- it is conservative , authoritarian , antisemitic and led by a jewish person . 
  supporters are mostly fascists in denial . 
  a puppet of ur liberals : there are very diverse groups , with most of them having a liberal-conservative ideology . 
  stereotype of supporters : hipsters and intellectuals , especially of jewish origin, 
  it might function as a pun , but the universally accepted german word for `` resident of berlin '' is `` berliner '', 
  hell no . 
  in my day i did a lot to get exempted from conscription . 
  but there are special holidays for that , which i do not celebrate, 
  and what if they refused and he resigned from the position as co-prince ? 
  close to zero . 
  the majority of locals are serb , and it 's kind of small, 
  hmm, 
  i do not really like our image abroad , but it 's kind of our fault we do not try to improve it . 
  and by this i mean improving education , strengthening science and tech , and the likes , not holding stupid sports events 2 . 
  no , never, 
  most of the areas in the northern caucasus , apart from krasnodar krai , as well as the areas near the mongolian border ( the altai ), 
  really corrupt , but they are very unlikely to shoot you, 
  living in russia now , and i feel it is the best option , since it has way more opportunities than others, 
  before wwi russia was more or less what china is now -- a big , rural , authoritarian great power which has a growing economy , industrialisation and enormous inequality . 
  still , on average the time period between 1905 and the beginning of the war was one of the best time periods in russian history . 
  and getting into the war was a huge mistake -- the war effort was an epic fail that ruined the economy . 
  discontent over the war was one of the reasons why the october revolution succeeded , and as a final result we lost some of our best lands . 
  after that there was the civil war , which ruined what was left of the country . 
  by 1920 , russia was like somalia which occupies 1/6 of the world , with famine , anarchy and atrocities by all sides without exception included in the package . 
  after the war ended , the country was in ruins . 
  the soviets tried to rebuild the country at [ tremendous costs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_famine_of_1932\u201333 ) , and by 1938 living standards became at least bearable , as the soviet gnp per capita was somewhere between italy and japan . 
   then there are the ultra-catholic nationalists shouting `` wielka polska katolicka '' ( `` a great , catholic poland '' ) , but it usually does n't mean territorial expansion , just a handmaid 's tale-style totalitarian theocracy . 
  are they common ? 
  the old people still love him , most young people hate him, 
  oh my , where should i start ... 
  corruption , declining quality of social services , inequality growing tremendously , substance abuse , brain drain ... 
  definitely lenin, 
  maybe all the former soviet bloc apart from cz , slovenia , ex-ddr and slovakia ? 
  it is okay for the most part . 
  but buying real estate for investment is immoral , since just to keep your money you drive up real estate prices by buying real estate, 
  he used to be popular in the 1990s in russia , but he is not so anymore , but he is really popular in china, 
  no , he 's famous , there 's a whole article on lurk about him !, 
  lurk is a russian website , a mix between encyclop\u00e6dia dramatica and urban dictionary -- a wiki about internet culture . 
  although i 'd say those who know him consider him some kind of a skinhead with a beard, 
  if i go to estonia and try to speak russian to locals , will they be offended ? 
  even if you say it is west european ? 
   confusing cz with chechnya ( seems to happen in north america ) these two are , like , opposite, 
  i think it is the first time i have seen gold in here, 
  `` hitler did nothing wrong '' . 
  i actually think this phrase might theoretically land you in prison here , since our hate speech laws are really unclear, 
  really atypical . 
  my non-russian friends say it sounds nothing like a russian surname to them, 
  legal , but only with permission from the education ministry , to get which parents have to fulfil certain requirements -- for example , passing a hard-as-hell test or having a tertiary decree -- and having to come through a lot of red tape to be given the right to homeschool . 
  also , when parents apply bureaucrats are to be legally required to constantly try to convince parents not to do this by citing at least 5 disadvantages of homeschooling when a certain procedure is made . 
  all is to be recorded on camera and checked, 
  anything is better than transnistira, 
  either iran or belarus, 
  i am not sure , but probably that would cause a huge controversy, 
  transnistria or the donbass, 
  actually before the 1990s , south korean women were expected to be virgins until marriage , while marrying foreigners was heavily frowned upon, 
  yes, 
  the church is actually hated a lot among the younger people , but it is important for those over 45 . 
  it definitely has some sort of influence over putin , but since being gay is not banned ( yet ? ), 
  the church is not too strong . 
  local priests ... not sure how influential they are, 
  only jews , muslims and those who need it for medical reasons, 
  south korea , just why ? 
  not sure if they can be considered culturally european, 
  much more opportunities there than in other places, 
  - a very loose federation following more or less the swiss canton system , but with even more powers for the states . 
  the territory should , in an ideal world , include all of europe ( including russia and turkey , but probably not kazakhstan ) , but this is only achievable in , maybe , a hundred years at best . 
  the responsibilities of the central government will be the military , foreign policy , and monetary policy . 
  both the central and local government can levy taxes , but brussels can veto decisions on local taxation . 
  also , the federal government can make laws on areas of special concern ( such as the environment ) that override local laws . 
  states have the right to secede . 
  - all languages should be official , with english as the de facto main working language - there should be no official capital , but brussels shall be the de facto capital ( like bern in switzerland ) edit : states can have diplomatic relations with each other as before the federation , however they can only have limited relations with other sovereign states edit 2 : states can not have their own military . 
  if the federation decides not to join nato under formation , all individual states are to withdraw from it, 
  i may well be wrong here , but since norway has a more rural population than sweden or denmark ( which means smaller big cities ) , and lacks finland 's vibrant it industry , there might be less job opportunities in it . 
  and i am an it guy so this is important, 
  hmm . 
  i 'd say it 's either uk ( but only london !, 
  ) , sweden , denmark , finland ( does n't seem like there is much to do in norway or iceland ) , and maybe france . 
  probably not germany because you have to learn too much unneeded stuff in gymnasium . 
  bonus : i am from moscow , russia . 
  i studied at an american university , but was unable to find a good job in the states , however i got a great offer in russia very quick , so i moved there . 
  then i was made redundant after the oil crisis , but found an even better job in shenzhen , china , where i still work, 
  could you please eli5 what this is ? 
  i think it is more associated with nationalism,
