  putin -- before i start , a * zhlob * is a greedy , rude , dumb , and plainly obnoxious type commonly found in russia . 
  such a person is usually in their fourties , and used to be a gopnik in their youth . 
  perceived by pessimists as the typical russians putin is not even a politician , he is a * zhlob * who got to the presidency and is using his money to rob russia . 
  his only ideology is kleptocracy combined with a certain amount of conservative populism which is the ideology of the * zhlobs * , of the 26 % of russia 's population that supported that whorehouse of a political party , united russia , but which is not the ideology proclaimed by the whores putin hired using russia 's money , the people 's money -- that ideology could turn a superpower into a banana republic in a month if followed !, 
  if you want to go to russia by car , think !, 
  roads are * crappy * . 
  and by crappy i mean crappy if you age going to go through siberia , be prepared to drive for kilometres before meeting anyone . 
  so better arrange food and gas without relying on others ( buy food and gas bottles wherever you are staying ) . 
  and if your car breaks down , you 're going to wait for a long time for the tow truck if it 's going to come at all, 
  it 's crappy , but at least government-owned hospitals provide free healthcare, 
  < m  sorry , just read it as karl, 
  bud is usually easy to get by , but not others, 
  the swedish economic policy from the olof palm era , please, 
  i think riga ( latvia ) , siena ( italy ) , aachen ( germany ) , kiev and lviv ( ukraine ) can go on the list . 
  it 's dominated by pizza and sushi , although now wok-fried food is appearing more often , and i know where to order korean food , american food ( burgers , bbq ribs , steak ) , thai food , indian food , and i heard you can order plov ( a kind of rice boiled in soup ) , but i do not have their number . 
  where in the ussr ? 
  if it is to the west of the ural mountains , then does not count, 
  but i think in russia it is more because they can not afford to travel , so ... 
  i am currently working in china , and i 've been to kazakhstan ( astana specifically ) a couple of times , so quite a lot . 
  lose : the tendency to believe in whatever anti-scientific nonsense there is ( i think one can easily make most russians believe in the hydrogen monoxide conspiracy ) keep : russian humour, 
  i use mine mostly to watch content i downloaded . 
  no tv apart from rbk, 
  seriously , how can this guy combine communism and fascism and make it come out so naturally ? 
  uzbeks/tajiks is the closest we have, 
  russia has five noteworthy types of far-rightwingers : 1 . 
  skinheads ( usually neo-nazis ) . 
  usually quite active irl 2 . 
  couch neo-fascists . 
  the ideology is most often either italian fascism or nazism . 
  very inactive irl 3 . 
  they combine a neo-nazi ideology with neo-paganism and a belief that there was a great slavic civilisation ( possibly the etruscan civilisation ) whose existence was hidden by the jewish christian church . 
  their main concern is `` racial '' policy , most of them probably do not even know what nsdap stands for 4 . 
  national bolsheviks . 
  uncommon but noteworthy . 
  i ca n't exactly call them far-right -- what they advocate is more of a variant of ingsoc from 1984 . 
  but they are as marginalised as the other far-rightwingers i mentioned before , so they count as fascist for all intents and purposes 5 . 
  glamour fascists . 
  most of them are not real fascists -- they usually can not tell what nsdap stands for , let alone define corporatism , but they love the attributes of fascist regimes , usually nazi germany , with some of them knowing a bit about fascist italian art . 
  all of them lack a major unifying organisation , and all except those in point 5 are marginalised, 
  it 's pronounced similar to the word `` ma'am '' in english , although sometimes people call them `` memes '' ( meh-mehs ) + the plural ending if they say in plural, 
  well , i think it is that way for any porn, 
  everyone is taught english , but the older people forgot it after graduating . 
  young people mostly speak it, 
  i think possession and distribution are illegal ( not that anyone cares ), 
  what did you think of ? 
  earl grey tea -- it is an essential part of my breakfast , and has remained so relatively constantly since 1997 . 
  also pepparkakor , which were also significant for me since the first ikea in russia opened , but there are sometimes periods when there are no pepparkakor at my ikea , so not really, 
  mostly those who fought in the war . 
  those who are now in their sixties bear some resentment , yet not much, 
  a bit too expensive , but good, 
  the un 's resolutions are not binding, 
  i would be very concerned . 
  i have lots of korean friends , for whom this is bad news, 
  i think women . 
  so not much ? 
  we have no middle easterners , but we have central asians . 
  if mexicans start moving to russia * en masse * instead of uzbeks or tajiks , that would not be as good because most uzbeks and tajiks speak russian , while most mexicans do not . 
  on the other hand , tacos instead of shawurma would be interesting , and since they are more spicy they would be less of a biohazard that shawurma, 
  i know a couple of lines from the song , but they are : \u042d\u0412\u0420\u0418\u0411\u0410\u0414\u0418 \u0414\u042d\u041d\u0421 !, 
  yeah . 
  although sometimes we throw a slice of lemon in the tea ( but only when it 's ready ), 
  * real * russian tea would probably be made either the regular way ( using tea bags ) or by boiling tea leaves, 
  it 's this weird concoction consisting of tea , orange peel and other stuff . 
  has nothing to do with russia , and first appeared in an american cookbook in the twenties, 
  `` russian tea '' . 
  ugh russians mostly drink regular black or green ( black tea being more popular ) tea , more often than not with sugar , and not the weird concoction americans call `` russian tea '', 
  moscow -- rich , drink lots of whiskey , spend lots of time in nightclubs , bad environment , look down on everyone else . 
  also my home city st. petersburg -- wannabe capital . 
  also the cultural capital , has lots of intellectuals . 
  cold , rainy siberia ( particularly chelyabinsk ) -- tough , sometimes the subject of jokes ( siberian emos are so tough they cut their veins with their bangs/siberian vodka is so tough it is considered nuclear weaponry ) . 
  very low population density . 
  also quite poor northern siberia -- rich because of oil . 
  very , very low population density northern caucasus ( particularly chechnya ) -- our branch of saudi arabia . 
  very religious , very traditionalist . 
  lots of small ethnic groups , with unclear ethnic boundaries . 
  the culture is very different from the rest of the country . 
  men are very forward when it comes to relationships with women , yet apply very high standards to their daughters/sisters . 
  the fact that caucasian women can not have sex before marriage makes caucasian men mostly rely on russian women for sex . 
  the women can not do anything without permission from their husband/father , and experience lots of abuse . 
  also many chechens are radical islamists , many of them being terrorists , therefore the north caucasus is considered not too safe , especially if you are a woman , especially chechnya chukotka ( far northeast ) -- naive ivanovo -- no dudes there, 
  fun fact -- the real aryans are iranians , tajiks and afghans , so a true aryan would be black-haired , black-eyed and with a darkish complexion, 
  we have conscription , and i want it to be abolished as it is a form of forced labor and therefore unconstitutional, 
  russian tourists also talk extremely loudly . 
  if there is a russian tourist family nearby , you can hear them at a hundred metres ' distance, 
  in the kitchen, 
   i also find russian beautiful , but in a kind of different way . 
  one of my american friends once told me that when me and my friend speak russian , it sounds like we 're plotting to kill someone , although we were just talking about a book, 
  european -- i always wanted to learn swedish non-european -- cantonese ( the language of hong kong ) sounds extremely nice . 
  gay edit : it 's ironic that it 's the russian who says `` gay '', 
  the way you explained it , i am considering starting a fully automated luxury gay space communist party , going titoist on the communist part, 
   i do not like the part when everyone you meet greets you with '' \u0425\u0440\u0438\u0441\u0442\u043e\u0441 \u0432\u043e\u0441\u043a\u0440\u0435\u0441\u0435 ! '', 
  ( `` christ is risen !, 
  '' ) , and you are supposed to answer with '' \u0412\u043e\u0438\u0441\u0442\u0438\u043d\u0443 \u0432\u043e\u0441\u043a\u0440\u0435\u0441\u0435 ! '', 
  ( `` indeed risen ! '' ) . 
  if the person is close to you ( a relative , a really close friend , etc. 
  ) , then you might kiss on the cheek three times . 
  i do not do that , but many people in my family do, 
  seriously , i know lots of stories about the army despite never serving there, 
   what mars gives to others , you 'll be given by the godly venus '' for some reason i though of what mars gives to others as disease . 
  conclusions follow ...
