  for some reasons , westerners tend not to know how lazy russians can be , and how much they love to complain, 
  one of the main reasons i went to study abroad was to make sure i do not get into the army . 
  clear now ? 
  same in russia, 
  seriously , if an american wants to find out about whether europeans , say , like folk music , why should they be downvoted ? 
  it 's one of my favorite subs . 
  a place where russians , french , germans , englishmen , italians , and other europeans can talk in a civilised manner without tearing each other apart . 
  as an improvement , i believe you should add some european ethnic flairs ( basque , catalan , etc. ), 
  and possibly remove other flairs , like north korea or somaliland . 
  also update the myanmar flair , it uses the pre-2011 flag the traffic is satisfactory , but i wish more people would post here russia has a strong presence here , stronger than in / r/europe . 
  spaceflight , most definitely . 
  as for europe ... umm ... europe being the cradle of western civilisation ? 
   slivovice for some reason , * p\u0159iv\u00edtal m\u011b p\u0159edseda , \u0159ek mi u slivovice * comes in mind for those who do not know the line , it is from * jo\u017ein z ba\u017ein * , a czech song popular in eastern europe, 
  in soviet russia , vodka is not associated with russia ; russia is associated with vodka, 
  if i came in contact with the mp for my constituency , i might have the urge to shoot him/her, 
  right now i am making savings for my retirement , plus i hope my kids will be able to support me when i retire, 
  hmm , i must try it sometime . 
  would using borodinsky bread be ok, 
  you must hate the japanese -- they eat pork schnitzel and often put sauce on it . 
  even worse , they use curry, 
  there is central asia , where russian is the * lingua franca * ( similar to english in india ) . 
  idk if that counts , but if it does : - kazakhstan : very very close . 
  been to astana , it very nice place . 
  clean , modern , everyone speaks good russian . 
  culturally we share a lot ( for example , our attitude towards religion ) . 
  the only country in central asia not associated with poverty . 
  - uzbekistan : most russians know it because many migrant workers from uzbekistan come to work in russia . 
  culturally quite far apart - tajikistan : also supplies lots of migrant workers . 
  known almost entirely for that and for its civil war in the nineties . 
  - kyrgyzstan : some people know it is the only democracy in central asia , but the average russian knows nothing about it . 
  - turkmenistan : people also do not know much about it , but many people know it as the north korea of central asia . 
  access to information about it is severely limited , but it is possible to guess that they , along with tajikistan , are culturally the furthest apart from russia, 
  well , usually in a canteen . 
  what `` this country '' -- china or taiwan ? 
  what `` this country '' -- china or taiwan ? 
  what attitudes exactly ? 
  lithuania seems quite irrelevant on reddit, 
  same . 
  well , there are no leftists in the sejm , so i guess your impression would be realistic, 
  i love my country , but i feel that it should change a lot of its values to prosper . 
  poland is not much poorer than western europe also our cultures are not that close -- for example , poland 's national identity is built around catholicism , ours -- around orthodoxy ( not that most russians are that pious , not sure about poland ), 
   the culture is similar to russian culture ( men squat and what not )   it 's not really a thing here neither it is in russia . 
  at least one cultural similarity / s, 
  germany ( possibly east germany only ) , czechia , austria , slovenia . 
  he might be talking about taiwanese independence movement flags, 
  these are actually still well remembered in russia, 
  far enough to the right , all russian politicians want border changes . 
  a possible rule of thumb in this case might be that if someone is to the right of putin , they openly advocate expansionism, 
  rather the left thing, 
  to be fair , i think lithuania gave them citizenship . 
  although to be perfectly fair , there are not that many russians in lithuania compared to the other baltic states, 
  solaris , most definitely, 
  on an unrelated note , why the flair ? 
  they are very good stuff . 
  he is one of the best directors in russia , current and former, 
  agreed . 
  although it may just be because the crappy soviet-era movies are shown less often than the crappy modern movies . 
  and i have seen much crappier russian movies than this one , i just to not remember the names or i do not know their english names ( if applicable ), 
  idk . 
  yolki 3 is quite bad . 
  idk if there is an english dub, 
  60 % of the stuff made in the soviet era and 99 % of the stuff made in the post-soviet era qualifies, 
  not really , no . 
  this korean place in moscow called \u0411\u0435\u043b\u044b\u0439 \u0436\u0443\u0440\u0430\u0432\u043b\u044c ( belyj zhuravl ' , meaning `` white crane '' ) -- all of their dishes are magnificent , apart from the desserts . 
  it 's very hard to pick a best out of their dishes, 
   pizza with chicken , apple and curry iceland 's prime minister is triggered !, 
   sweden is a very tolerant country . 
  idk about the rest of the world , but in russia at least `` sweden '' is almost a synonym for `` tolerant country '', 
  more specifically -- there is nothing russians love more than * halyava * ( freeloading ) . 
  americans are less halyavaphillic . 
  ukraine : used to be friends , but not anymore latvia , lithuania , estonia -- enemies georgia -- also enemies . 
  armenia -- relations are rather good belarus -- friends , but they always try and play hard to get kazakhstan - good central asia -- generally good, 
  ice hockey is very popular , but nhl matches are usually not broadcast in russia, 
  yes . 
  unless you say things like `` putin must be executed by firing squad ! '', 
  or `` we need to come back to the monarchy with putin as monarch '' , then people will think you are stupid . 
  trolling will ensue . 
  it is possible to tell an * emigre * from a homegrown russian by the level of loanwords they use, 
  where are you from , may i ask ? 
  russia -- slight improvement , although education and healthcare were better during the soviet era . 
  personally i benefitted from the fall of communism , but it 's hard to tell if the average joe is better off then or now . 
  all i know is that now it is impossible to live off pensions , while in the soviet era pensions were almost as high as wages . 
  so life got better , but only for those who can afford it, 
  russia needs a man like him bad . 
  russian tv is rubbish , while i do not like newspapers , since they fall apart . 
  of course the internet, 
  in russian same bias towards right-handedness , but if something is `` left '' is means it 's fake , mildly seedy ... well you get it, 
   my spanish teacher ( a philologist ) told me that the handcuffs meaning comes from the fact that the handcuffs are joined together in a pair ( they are ` spoused ' ) . 
  i suspected the origin to be , umm , different . 
  although i guess bdsm was not a thing at the time the word was coined, 
  so * gezellig * is kind of * lagom * ? 
  means `` i do n't give a damn '' . 
  sums up our mentality , national ideology , and it is the closest we have to a national motto . 
  derivatives include '' \u043f\u043e\u0444\u0438\u0433\u0438\u0441\u0442 '' ( * pofigist * ) -- a person for who is * pofig * about everything ( or rather , for whom everything is * pofig * ), 
  i think it 's either israel or hong kong should it become independent, 
  lots of good comedy in russia . 
  it is not well-known outside of russia , but it is extremely funny and has a great soundtrack, 
  * jo\u017ein z ba\u017ein * 's cumulative funniness itself rivals that of many a comedy movie , so ... 
  i do not really remember , but we certainly learned english in school and used latin letters for variable names in math class since grade 4 at least , so ... 
  i do not like pop music , so nah,
