  the main reason why russia is so right-wing is that russians are repelled by your `` manifest destiny '' ( to be fair , the second one is the idea of russia 's manifest destiny , not as common as in america , but there are still people who believe in this bullcrap ), 
  crap . 
  poor , conservative , depressed crap . 
  no opportunities whatsoever , and all who have at least some talent move to the cities -- that 's what my father did . 
  edit : and the roads are absolute crap . 
  the worst roads in europe are in a typical russian village, 
  yeah . 
  although we have huge oil resources one of our main imports is plastic . 
  imports , carl !, 
  in my opinion , russia needs westernisation -- moreover , the notion of russia being separate from the west was fabricated for political motives . 
  so russia needs non-aggressive westernisation . 
  usually it happens together with economic globalisation . 
  russia had such an opportunity in the early 2000s -- putin could have improved the economy by investing in hi-tech and education , but instead he chose to build stadiums, 
  as i am from moscow , for me the main rivalry is moscow vs. russia . 
  healthcare in europe helps sick people healthcare in america helps rich people seriously , if putin decided to privatise healthcare ... well then , that 's the sort of situation for which the second amendment in the us was intended, 
  so grave ? 
  yes , but if it 's a non-racist pinochet-style junta , and you happen to have visited moscow in transit , you 're in big trouble, 
  well , if we compare ussr in 1975 to francoist spain of the same period , i would choose the ussr . 
  if we take 1979 yugoslavia and pinochet 's chile of the same period , i choose yugoslavia . 
  however if the choice is between mao zedong and park chung-hee , i choose park, 
  i do n't even know where to start ... - incomes in moscow are much higher than in most of the country - moscow and st. pete are way more westernised than the rest of russia , especially before the embargoes ... ah what a jolly good time it was between 2005 and 2013 - people in moscow are more educated than outside moscow - people in moscow are more likely to be critical of putin - there are much more jobs in moscow than in most of the country ( outside sochi and north siberia ), 
  well , you get it . 
  a swedish term . 
  hard to explain , most closely means `` in the goldilocks zone '', 
  not something i would do myself , but if people want that , then whom does it harm ? 
  edit : the kids . 
  so maybe not criminal offence , but i would not be supportive of the possibility to marry someone more closely related to you than your third cousin . 
  in this case , better america then japan . 
  but i would choose sweden , which is * lagom * in this case, 
  not really -- it 's more the dutch and jamaicans who have this reputation . 
  ` murica is the realm of the uneducated , imperialistic , and litigious . 
  moscow and st. petersburg vs. the rest of russia . 
  moscow vs. st. petersburg . 
  really , in russia the divide is not north-south like in italy . 
  it 's more moscow-not moscow, 
  fuelled by ~ ~ whores ~ ~ journalists working on state media who can one day call for israel from the nile to the euphrates , another day -- declare all the jews should be killed in gas chambers , the third day -- claim that jews , arabs and other are bourgeois fiction , and the only thing that matters is world revolution . 
  and also , when will russians finally understand that liberalisation and westernisation are not synonymous with becoming an american client state ? 
  because like that , the right * always * has an argument in their favour -- * today you westernise , tomorrow you sell the motherland * . 
  sadly , many people get convinced, 
  man , wwii has been over for decades . 
  the german do not seem to have returned to the old ways . 
  that 's all i care about . 
  we should not be mad at such a great country for what its leaders did 80 years ago , we 're not chinese, 
  plus , look at our incomes . 
  most of us simply will not be able to afford healthcare/education, 
  rather common of you take into account the small amount of non-russians . 
  the most common pairing is russian-caucasian ( from the caucasus ), 
  in theory , yes . 
  in practice , western europe does not need it . 
  eastern europe might give it a try , but only for a short amount of time . 
  and i 'm speaking for russia here -- russians have gotten used to free healthcare and education over the soviet era , and i do not think they are giving these away, 
  the romanov dynasty -- originally russian nobles , with the first ruler elected relatively democratically for the time . 
  but by the late 19th century the emperors were more german than russian, 
   seksmisja the guy who directed it also made lots of good movies which are less famous , like * vabank * and * deja vu *, 
  the fact that for most of us , the west is either hell or paradise . 
  mostly among hipsters, 
  i say , they 're those bloody teadrinkers , old chap, 
  does in have a museum ? 
  the weirdest part is that madame tussauds has branches in hong kong and shanghai , and they are major tourist attractions there, 
  kind of like russian liberals, 
  ice hockey, 
   this is a controversial speakings  many korean think this make eropeans to discomfort language of you make me the remindings of / r/polandball, 
  happy cake day man !, 
  different people . 
  there is anatoly vasserman -- he was a famous player in the russian version of jeopardy . 
  examples : - the large hadron collider is anatoly vasserman 's favourite childhood toy - five minutes of looking on vasserman 's photo increases one 's iq by 30 % - vasserman can speak assembler . 
  and he can sing in assembler , too ( for those who do not know , assembler is a programming language ) also there are jokes about people for chelyabinsk ( the place where the meteorite fell ) . 
  for example : - emos from chelyabinsk are so rough they cut themselves with their bangs - drivers from chelyabinsk are so rough traffic policemen give them bribes - vodka from chelyabinsk is so rough it is considered a chemical weapon, 
  does communist count as non-mainstream ? 
  by `` no bears '' i mean they do not walk in the streets wearing ushankas and tracksuits and carrying samovars full of vodka, 
  i think many believe him , others think he will not honour this pledge, 
  sadly , only the liberals . 
  only if you go deep into some kind of national park or nature reserve, 
  that there are no bears here , and russia 's official name is not the putinist tsardom of soviet russia edit : by `` no bears '' i mean that bears do not walk the streets like cows do in india ( at least stereotypically , never been there ), 
  all the goddamn time, 
  so it is rather nationalism , not religious stuff ? 
  intergenerational tension is about the only type of intergeneration relations in russia ( read turgenev 's * fathers and sons * ) . 
  older people tend to be pro-putin , while the youth is generally more realistic . 
  or in context of the civil war, 
  uniting against a common enemy ( conscription ) , eh ? 
  excuse me , but you * seriously * think putin will invade sweden anytime soon ? 
  not swedish , but i pity you guys . 
  i moved to another country so as not to join the military . 
  i went to university abroad , getting my phd there . 
  in russia phd = military service exemption . 
  not sure if it counts as european food anymore though ... 
  looked them up . 
  holy hell , they have a seat in parliament ? 
  yelena mizulina , vitaly milonov ... well , lots . 
  sadly , very popular . 
  and no matter how hard i try to convince , like , all of my family in russia that they are charlatans , they do not listen, 
  used to be something like traffic in the 7th circle of hell , now it is the 5th circle . 
  i am going to talk about post-soviet era films -- if we start listing all the good soviet-era movies we will run out of space . 
  * liquidation * -- a miniseries set in post-war odessa about the police fighting a gang . 
  lots of action , and it also makes use of `` odessa language '' -- a slang characteristic of odessa , which sounds very amusing , however non-russian speakers might not get it since it is hard to translate * election day * -- a team of radio hosts from moscow go to a russian region ~ 200 kilometres from the capital to promote a massager with connections to the radio station 's owner in his campaign for the region 's governor * radio day * -- features the same characters as in * election day * . 
  a popular radio station is holding a special radio concert in support of russian tourists who were victims of a scam travel company , however it finds out at the last minute that their direct competitors are also holding a concert in their support . 
  meanwhile , in the sea of japan , a small boat carrying a circus going to japan with 10 animals runs out of fuel . 
  the radio station hears of that , and decides to inflate the story to make the boat carry 100 endangered animals , and hold the concert in their support . 
  this movie also features some great russian rock songs . 
  russia is homogenous , and the quality of english teaching during the soviet era , coupled with the absence of incentive to maintain a good level of english , led to most people who grew up before the perestroika having an awful level of english .
