   the ukraine it 's probably related to russians saying '' \u043d\u0430 \u0423\u043a\u0440\u0430\u0438\u043d\u0435 '', 
  in russia there is a distinction between russian like ethnic russian ( * \u0440\u0443\u0441\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0439 * / * russkij ' * ) and russian as belonging to russia , encompassing russians proper , tatars , chechens , etc ( * \u0440\u043e\u0441\u0441\u0438\u044f\u043d\u0438\u043d * / * rossiyanin * ) . 
  english does not have that distinction -- not sure if it is good or bad , but still talking about russian national identity in english is way harder than in russian , unless the speaker decides to translate * russkij * ' as `` rooskie '' , which can and will be misunderstood, 
  that 's funnier, 
   i think does n't match with czech culture very well . 
  why not ? 
   ours is a f ***** g funeral march . 
  i find it rather epic, 
  it 's also probably kind of weird to sing, 
   mu isamaa on minu arm . 
  the tune 's not really memorable though, 
  by the way , what are the full lyrics for this parody anthem ? 
  i 'd rewrite the third line , to make it more in line with the other stanzas and the music : einigkeit und recht und freiheit f\u00fcr das deutsche vaterland !, 
  how do you feel about * naprej , zastava slave * ? 
  imo the third verse sums up trump 's policies, 
  imo they should have kept both anthems , or made a medley of them, 
  i think it is nice, 
  only the ending of stanza 2 is a bit darkish, 
  the title is a bit misleading though, 
   wales - land of my fathers that one 's real good, 
  not in estonia -- russia has gone to even more crap since the union fell , and is still going downhill . 
  it brings back good memories to most people -- for them , in the soviet union , the grass was greener , the air fresher , and their d #ck could get hard, 
  or [ estonia 's anthem during the communist era ] ( http://marxists.org/history/ussr/sounds/mp3/anthems/estonia.mp3 ), 
  [ does this fit ? 
  sounds very good , but its history ... you know . 
  i would rather either get the yeltsin period anthem with the set of lyrics that won the contest , or pick a new anthem . 
  russia has lots of patriotic songs -- [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=toal89uza_4 ) , for example , could be a good anthem, 
  no -- in our family violence was a no-no . 
  although my parents would throw things around if they get really angry . 
  without aiming at anything, 
  texas probably -- large area , conservative , oil wealth benefitting only the few, 
  i 'm currently living in china . 
  the economy is in a bubble . 
  the growth rates are exaggerated due to the construction of lots of unoccupied housing which is not even public housing to make the gdp higher . 
  the government 's policy is only good in the short term -- in the long term , china will become at best the asian greece . 
  it seems like / r/russia is leaking, 
  everything outside of moscow , st. petersburg , and ( recently ) the oil-rich north and yekaterinburg ( used to be super poor , now it is one of the richest places in russia ) the poorest places , however , are mostly in the north caucasus and the in the altai mountains ( near the border with mongolia ), 
  moscow -- the cost of living is much higher than in other places , but incomes are also significantly higher than in most of the country , apart from regions of northern siberia that have oil , which means that moscow 's quality of life is way above the national average . 
  real estate is quite expensive -- at least it was before the 2014 crisis -- when things started getting fishy i got a job in china and i do not go to moscow that often , and i am not sure of the situation there . 
  in terms of migration , there is lots of internal migration to moscow , and most of those who leave go abroad, 
  in russia there is a joke : a man finds a bottle with a genie . 
  the man opens the bottle , and the genie tells him : `` thank you for releasing me . 
  i have been trapped here for a thousand years . 
  to show my gratitude , i will fulfil any single wish you ask for '' . 
  the man thinks for a while . 
  first he thinks about marrying the most beautiful woman in the world , then about getting a million dollars , and it is hard for him to decide , but he comes up with a better option . 
  `` i want my neighbour 's house to burn down ! '', 
  this should be an option for couples of all genders , as should be marriage yet in some countries , the people will simply refuse to let gays marry while being ok with such partnership . 
  in these countries , partnership must be a step, 
  chinaa does not beat down our aircraft, 
  what policies are usually meant by this ? 
   gr\u00e5sosse - grey social democrat - someone boring conforming to the traditional values of the old social democratic party . 
  at least 40 % of russian tv shows are about cops or stuff related to that ( attorneys , private detectives , etc. ), 
  moscow -- housing prices used to be insanely high before 2014 , not sure about now since i do not live in russia anymore , but i heard the prices went down for buying , while the rental prices are low as hell, 
  if only ... 
  underrated comment, 
  the nato friend who beats down our airplanes, 
  them too, 
  what about austrofascism ? 
  in theory , i think not . 
  in practice , yes ( but most of them are so-called red-brown , which means with significant stalinist influence on the ideology ), 
  turkey and can i have the popcorn with caramel sauce please ? 
  warning : these are my personal opinions , nothing to do with the population . 
  fuck -- sweden ( in the good sense ) marry -- finland kill -- turkey, 
   kill kebab remove kebab remove kebab you are worst turk . 
  you are the turk idiot you are the turk smell . 
  return to srebia . 
  to our serbia cousins you may come our contry . 
  you may live in the zoo ... . ahahahaha , serbia we will never forgeve you . 
  cetnik rascal fuck but fuck asshole turk stink bosnia sqhipere shqipare . . serb genocide best day of my life . 
  take a bath of dead serb . . ahahahahahserbia we will get you !!, 
  do not forget yugoslav wars . serbia we kill the king , serbia return to your precious russia ... . hahahahaha idiot serb and bosnian smell so bad . . wow i can smell it . 
  remove kebab from the premises . 
  you will get caught . 
  usa + uk + croatia + slovak = kill bosnia ... you will yugosalv wars / tupac alive in croatia , tupac making album of croatia . 
  we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of tupac ... you are ppoor stink turk ... you live in a hovel hahahaha , you live in a yurt tupac alive numbr one # 1 in croatia ... . fuck the serbia , . . fuckk ashol turks no good i spit in the mouth eye of ur flag and contry . 
  2pac aliv and real strong wizard kill all the turk farm aminal with rap magic now we the coartia rule . ape of the zoo josip borz tito fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and bosnia wa ; s born . 
  stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig . 
  croatia greattst countrey, 
  warning : opinions below are those of the government , not mine kill -- ukraine fuck -- the uk . 
  seriously , fuck them marry -- belarus , maybe serbia, 
  in russia it 's lgbt -- few people actually say they want to kill gays or things like that , but they are in practice against lgbt rights . 
  examples -- all of my family, 
  religion -- not really food -- hell no . 
  i cook quite well , and i cook recipes from different cuisines , much of this being due to my dislike of most russian foods fashion -- i have a certain style of my own , which does not involve what i see as traditional russian clothing ( not that anybody wears it , in the cities at least ) gestures -- if you mean our habit of always cutting lines , i do not do it, 
  i do n't really see why . 
  but our flag is the monarchical flag -- moreover , a ripoff from the dutch flag -- so maybe a different flag can be made ? 
  although i do not know any good options -- our current flag is simple , and the other options suck because of who used them, 
  not right now -- there is way too much dislike between former yugo nations . 
  if the ex-yugos got friendlier , maybe , but this will only realistically happen in a century or two in the best-case scenario, 
  idk , the opposition seems to have been mobilised by the medvedev corruption scandal and the aftermath, 
  i mean that there might be a revolution coming soon, 
  idk , seems like the mechanism is started . 
  not sure , but it might be soon, 
  yes , russia should democratise before joining, 
  russia is an extreme coconut culture , so it 's a no-no unless you are very , very , very , very , very close ( like family or in a relationship ), 
  resembles their flag, 
  my most fringe view is perhaps my belief that there should be a federal europe with russia part of it, 
  they might learn czech , it 's not that hard for a russian, 
  they can take czech stage names,
