  idk why , but there is just something -- i do n't know , epic ? 
  -- about it, 
  how much did the influence zdru\u017eena levica ? 
  i wonder what would happen if you made a finn king, 
  yeah , the russian government is ruining our country, 
  it is your right to do so , it is a matter of great importance for ireland as a nation, 
  germany , austria , switzerland , liectenstein , slovenia , czechia , slovakia, 
  russia has a higher hdi than kuwait, 
  in russian we use `` neprijatel ' '' mostly in the sense of `` enemy during a war '', 
  yeah , but what word would you use for `` enemy '' in a regular conversation ? 
  one of the main issues russia is facing is the awful road quality . 
  and this problem has been around for centuries, 
  all have pretty women , but based on the amount of hot girls one sees in the streets i would say ukraine, 
  definitely estonia , followed by latvia and lithuania . 
  the ranking is like this : 1 . 
  estonia 2 . 
  latvia + lithuania 3 . 
  georgia 6 . 
  the central asian republics, 
  judging by photos i have seen belgrade is better, 
  depends on what you like -- if you prefer classical architecture , you should pick st. petersburg ( which is usually considered the most beautiful city in russia ) , but if you like monumental totalitarian architecture or something more modern your go-to city is moscow 2 . 
  i 'd say vienna , but copenhagen is very close, 
  russia 's dating culture is very similar to america 's , and was like that since , maybe , the late 1950s , with the exception of the sex aspect -- soviet sexual culture is the topic of a separate discussion -- however , now even this is back to western standards , however there are some local traits ( for example , if you get a girl in a nightclub it will probably be nothing more than a hookup ) . 
  approaching a girl in a public place -- just as with any person -- is seen as creepy , however there are groups in vkontakte where you can say that you saw a good-looking girl in , for example , the moscow metro at a certain time in a certain place and want to get to know her closer . 
  overall i 'm not sure whether it is easy or not to approach girls i do not know in russia -- i am a kind of awkward person -- but i am sure that a western passport will make it easier for you , not sure by how much though . 
  but which one is used in everyday speech ? 
  something like * vrag * or * neprijatelj * ? 
  do you use * krvni neprijatelj * or * du\u0161man / du\u0161manin * more often ? 
  and when would you use each of these ? 
  for me , russian actually sounds similar to polish, 
  i think in serbo-croatian they use `` du\u0161man '' for `` enemy '', 
   in the new curriculum it 's included in pretty much every subject all the way from elementary school . 
  even maths and physics ? 
  it 's , like , my ideology when i was 15, 
  omg . 
  in russia , at least , stem guys are really sexist . 
  as a stem guy and a bit of an sjw , i can attest to this, 
  owning a dacha and a ford focus, 
  never met a single person from venezuela , but i assume they are nice, 
  yes , two actually . 
  the monarchy flag is used by nationalists , while the soviet flag is used by those who are nostalgic of the `` good '' old days . 
  plus , there is a variation of the current flag with the word `` russia '' ( in russian ofc ) and the coat of arms on it, 
  or new england, 
  israel , tunisia , turkey or georgia, 
  sadly enough , i 've known many russians trying to speak polish to poles, 
  maybe the squatting slav/gopnik stereotype . 
  or the vodka one . 
  but i 'd go with the depression one, 
   i 've also seen people claiming that the ukrainian language is a mere dialect of russian , or even that it was somehow artificially constructed as a part of a conspiracy to incite hatred towards russians in eastern europe . 
  the second is really common here . 
  these people say that ukrainian nationalism was fabricated by germany/austria-hungary to destabilise russia, 
   yugoslavian connection why would they want to kill him ? 
  i always thought they got along well with sweden, 
  the name means `` white dick '' , but the coat of arms has a red one, 
  that 's what people expect when they go to the netherlands, 
  popsa -- pop music of low quality and shallow , love-themed lyrics . 
  the term is usually used by rock lovers, 
  this one would be more like some place in siberia, 
  they are more backwards than the nordics ever were after 1900, 
  it has a bigger economy, 
  normally, 
  sweden, 
  also baltic finns ( like vespians , karelians and ingrians ) are entitled to citizenship iirc . 
  many people exploited it in russia to get finnish citizenship, 
  we gives citizenship to anyone born in the former ussr, 
  the russian post . 
  it is slow as hell, 
  yeah , and some of them have really stupid [ ads ] ( https://youtu.be/qgdth_id5o0 ), 
  i heard that it is beautiful , but very expensive, 
  in russia , never get out naked unless it 's a nudist beach, 
  anthem totally checks out, 
  telegram , tetris , and the soviet space program are some, 
  it happens in belarus now too, 
  turkey, 
  it 's not that rare for foreigners to speak russian . 
  so i would not be that surprised, 
  russia -- not even know where to start, 
  he 's not open about it though, 
  it 's a stereotype that you consider yourselves closer to germany/austria than to serbia/croatia, 
  around two dollars . 
  but i do not order it , i usually get a really huge serving of nuggets, 
  mountains , and rich locals saying `` mi nemci , nismo slovani '' ( ` we are germans , not slavs '' in slovenian ), 
  usually irredentist want the former soviet union , and poland and finland are not usually part of the plan, 
  the former soviet union . 
  not many people seriously plan to get them back -- not openly at least, 
  i wish to add on more about russian . 
  here we have five worlds : 1 . 
  moscow + st. petersburg -- very high living standards ( comparable to israel/slovenia/south korea in moscow and to the baltics in st. pete , according to hdi ) , lots of opportunities there . 
  they are the main population centres , with moscow being the most populated region in russia . 
  the people are quite westernised . 
  all this works more for moscow than for st. pete . 
  wealthy regions ( usually the ones with oil ) . 
  these insist they belong in world number 1 , but they do not qualify due to small population of the urban centres 3 . 
  rural towns . 
  see post . 
  villages . 
  see post . 
  the culture is really different , standards of living are even lower than in worlds number 4 , and the people are usually treated as immigrants when in worlds 1-4 , however they do not form ghettos ( so far ), 
  for now , yes, 
  i went a little to the left over this time , but other than this not much,
