  imo the refugees should be kept in refugee camps in bulgaria or greece to be checked on whether they took part in a paramilitary or military in syria , and then distributed along quotas if they are proven to be civilians ( if it turns out that they were in the military they should not be let in the schengen zone ) . 
  it is not fair that a couple of nations take most of the refugees in the eu while others simply refuse to accept refugees, 
  i expected hungary to be top . 
  and we have poland instead . 
  so we are losing our rights, 
  ethnic russians . 
  and it is according to the ukrainian census, 
  well , this is up to the courts to decide, 
  there are almost no germans left in kaliningrad . 
  some fled , some were exiled to siberia, 
  it only mentions extremism . 
  nothing about separatism, 
  any links to laws that ban separatist movement or it is an alternative fact ? 
  any part of russia would gladly join germany, 
  proof ? 
  also the only thing that matters is what the locals think . 
  china thinks the whole world is chinese , except for kashmir -- kashmir is pakistani . 
  happy birthday serbia !, 
  best of luck to our brotherly nations !, 
  i simply refuse to believe this is asia . 
  this map will trigger any turk or georgian, 
  maybe i can try making an `` is it safe to visit turkey ? '', 
  thread , in which i will make it obvious i mostly confused them with syria , plus comments on how they committed a genocide , islamic laws , and that they have not food of their own and it is all kurdish food ? 
  way to trigger a belarusian -- tell him that the grand duchy of lithuania was lithuanian, 
  what about belgium , finland , russia , denmark , ukraine , belarus , moldova , albania , iceland ? 
  but here are my versions : belgium -- maybe let 's go to the coffeeshop and smoke some weed ? 
  russia -- crimea is ukraine finland -- can you show me your yurt ? 
  ukraine -- russian/belarusian salo is the best salo belarus -- since you are from east poland , why exactly should we invest in you guys ? 
  ( serbian for `` hello , my friend ! '' ), 
  moldova -- dracula is from your country , right ? 
  denmark -- ( i can not think of a single sentence , but i can do two sentences ) say something in danish ( the guy you 're talking to speaks ) are you having a seizure ? 
  for iceland i could not think of anything , sorry, 
  that 's called `` being respectful of the country 's traditions '' . 
  in sweden wearing hijab is not required , in iran it is . 
  for example , in china spitting in public places is ok , but the chinese foreign minister would probably not spit in the eyeshot of the us secretary of state if they came to washington on a visit, 
  problem is , if putin gives back crimea he will most of his popularity, 
  nice job poland !, 
  this sub should actually be called / r/anormaldayineasterneurope -- they accept pics of different countries , as long as they comply with slav/russian stereotypes, 
  so for european statistics , the length and width should be divided by two, 
  north korea -- 300 % . 
  they even have a bourgeoisie there, 
  everyone here is a putin troll except you, 
  could have been much more refined, 
  high time they did so . 
  the daily mail used to support fascism . 
  my point is that russia must be used to that, 
   russia has only two allies -- its army and its navy ( c ) emperor alexander iii, 
  well , singapore 's political system closely resembles russia 's . 
  only they have less corruption and leaders with actual brains instead of crap, 
  been there . 
  love that place, 
  when you see what our rich people act like , you see why the communist party is so popular ... 
  in turkey , continent is in country !, 
  this is explicable -- now that trump is elected , the only germans that like him also like russia, 
  the ukrainian government needs to adopt measures to protect it as a unique part of local culture . 
  i wonder what are the figures for russia, 
  russia -- the bureaucratic machine ( lots of red tape , which together with corruption successfully makes russia the businessmen 's hell ) , and the general i-don ` t-give-a-damn attitude ( there is a word for that -- * \u043f\u043e\u0444\u0438\u0433\u0438\u0437\u043c * ( * pofigism * ) , literally ` do-notp-give-a-damnism ' ) . 
  remove these two factors , and russia will become the greatest nation in history, 
  but the way the locals stereotypically talk is different from the way russians talk . 
  there was a lot of portuguese influence in japan in portugal 's golden age , so who knows . 
  in russian this means `` tut , tut , tut ! '', 
  lol . 
  in early-19th century russia , speaking french better than russian was very common . 
  same in russian , but this is rather ... umm ... playful ? 
  but we soon got our lands back , so does not count, 
  well , ukrainians do not call their honey-pepper vodka `` vodka '' , they call it `` horilka '' . 
  russians have a slightly more positive view of stalin because he is credited with making the soviet union a superpower . 
  for the majority , he is not viewed as 100 % good or bad . 
  in my opinion , he is 90 % bad , 10 % good . 
  but there are people who consider him up to 100 % good , you can try to find them in / r/russia . 
  well , i would not be afraid to take to the streets if need be . 
  however , it must be legal , so i would have to register ( which is slightly complicated , plus i guess those responsible would ask for bribes ) . 
  if you go on an unsanctioned protest though , the probability of grave consequences is near 100 %, 
  agreed . 
  putin is actively using this to deter people 's attention from real issues , such as rising gas/electricity/water bills, 
  all russia wants is russian-majority/plurality lands . 
  well , they do not even want independence , only autonomy . 
  is it that hard to make russian , spoken by much of the region 's population , official in these territories ? 
  in russia these people would just be like `` remove the government !!!, 
  ! 1111 '' in their ljs . 
  such crowds would only appear if , say , mcdonalds got banned -- i myself would probably take to the streets after work . 
  football ultras are the absolute lowest level to which a human being may fall, 
   best vodka in the world . 
  russia , finland and sweden would like to have a word with you, 
   russians are afraid of them too . 
  nah , that 's more hate than fear, 
  implying russians are mental ? 
   they must have invented polandball . 
  you 're a racist ... 
   polish cinema probably is where my addiction in poland comes from . 
  i have about 100 polish movies in collection . 
  i like machulski 's movies ( * sexmission * , * vabank * , * deja vu * ... ), 
  - john sobiesky - during the turmoil in russia in the early 17th century you guys almost conquered us - then we conquered you - you guys are really conservative , sometimes even nationalistic and ultra-religious and russophobic , but you love america - you hosted the uefa - john paul was from poland - solidarnosc or something like that, 
  but can not into space . 
  i am saying that the ussr was better than nazi germany, 
  well , i do not know . 
  imo both are good . 
  i would be more concerned about italy ... 
  ok , but you did not answer my question, 
  i am saying that the february democracy did not really work out well for russia , because the circumstances were unfavourable .
