  i am actually surprised that people who look this up can read, 
  after seeing this , russia 's media is not * that * bad . 
  at least no one writes the same thing about navalny openly here -- they usually try to put it into more subtle terms ( not too subtle though ), 
  on equal standing, 
  it 's about making it equal to latvian . 
  i am talking about some questions of local government in places like daugavpils, 
  yes , or france . 
  their system is the best, 
  i wonder how much the statistics would change if we only take in mind european russia, 
  can you link to the posters ? 
   in cities where russians are majority , e.g. 
  narva , in reality all public officials know/speak russian . 
  that 's not what i am talking about . 
  iirc in estonia russian is considered a foreign language . 
  this is simply ignoring facts ( for this argument , let us not take into account non-citizens , it makes things easier because most of them are just arseholes who do not want to learn the language of the country they live in ) . 
  most of them are now legal citizens . 
  there is a lot of them . 
  there are more russophone citizens in latvia than tamil speakers in singapore , yet tamil is official there . 
  could you at least recognise that russian is a native language in latvia and estonia ? 
  most russophones in latvia and estonia are citizens . 
  they make up , like , 20 % of the citizenry . 
  yet their language is considered a foreign language . 
  it should be given at least some recognition as a local language, 
  well , imo there is not enough russophones in the country to make it equal to estonian , but it would be better if some local government documentation ( like census forms ) be conducted in russian in places like ida-virumaa . 
  also a way to counter russian propaganda would be to create government-run media in russian in latvia and estonia to provide the russophone population unable to speak latvian/estonian with an alternative source of information ( or do you guys do it already ) ? 
   belarus , ukraine , estonia , latvia , lithuania , poland , moldova , czechia , slovakia , hungary , romania , bulgaria , serbia , montenegro , macedonia , armenia , azerbaijan , georgia , tajikistan , turkmenistan , kazakhstan , kyrgyzstan , uzbekistan , north korea . 
  not sure if the ex-yugos count as ruined, 
  the spelling reminds me of `` remove kebab '', 
  estonian is very hard to learn i hear . 
  latvian must be easier though . 
  but seriously , you must at least recognise russian as a local language, 
  i am surprised the uk is so low down the list, 
  turns out you are : `` why ca n't czech forums do it ? '', 
   well behaved people i live in china . 
  there , spitting on the streets is considered normal , and traffic is hellish ( especially in the old and big cities like guangzhou ), 
  for russia : why do russian women change so much before marrying ? 
  for `` why do russian people ... '' the first result is `` why are russians called * maozi * ( a slur against russians , meaning something like ` hairy ones ' ) ? '' . 
  the second most common answer , however , is `` why are russians not afraid of the cold '' . 
  third most common -- why are russian names so long ( amazed me at first , but i remembered about patronymics also being rendered ), 
  that 's a lot of leaders before the war, 
  turkey is not as bas as iran yet , but in 10 years they will change places, 
  in this case we must choose the lesser evil, 
  iran is not nearly as bad as saudi arabia, 
  it is actually not possible to work as a programmer and not use sourceforge or github -- you need to download software enabling you to code from these websites . 
  it basically means that if they are banned , the uk 's it industry will be officially buried . 
  right now i am working in china . 
  what may is proposing is similar to the great firewall , apart from the last point , which is even more extreme . 
  sounds more like nk, 
  oh please . 
  it is very easy to germanise the word - '' \u00dcberanstrengsselbstmord '' . 
  it does not mean that germany has a suicide culture if a person just though of the german word for this, 
  not sure if he is allowed to make such decisions, 
  on one hand , theoretically it could be possible that some nationalistic hackers actually did it , since such sentiments are common in russia . 
  on the other hand , the dnc hacks might have required resources beyond the reach of ordinary ~ ~ anti ~ ~ patriotic hackers . 
  also putin would not have defended them like that, 
  who takes it seriously , though ? 
  here the consensus is that dugin is either mad or a troll, 
   one has just one neighbour besides the ocean and another one to the east, 
  / r/mapswithouticeland, 
  lol . 
  i am a man and turns out the kind of porn i like is `` female friendly '', 
  ( in russia everything is through the ass ( done irrationally , inefficiently , in a stupid way ) . 
  even porn ), 
   hodzic , hoxha = imam it must have been very ironic for hoxha to destroy religion with such a surname, 
   why is slovenia rich   is it ? 
  for eastern europe , it is rich . 
  it is the second richest eastern european country ( if we consider eastern europe to be every former communist country in europe ), 
   why does putin want assad in power the answer to this is quite easy -- if a pipeline from the gulf to europe is to be built , it needs to pass through syria or iraq . 
  if the pipeline is built , europe will not have to buy russian oil anymore , since gulf oil is way cheaper . 
  therefore , putin is trying to keep assad , with whom relations are good , in power at all costs , in the hope that he will not agree to the pipeline when crushes the opposition . 
   why do russian soldiers wear masks not sure what they mean here , unless they are talking about gas masks , which are used by all countries while working with chemical or biological hazards not only by the military, 
  for now ... / s, 
  til montenegro is not european, 
  to be fair , chechnya should be kicked out . 
  actually toilet paper and sausage were some of the most common deficit products in the soviet union, 
  are n't they a separate ethnicity ? 
   since meat of any kind was a luxury seems like russia was wealthier than czechoslovakia . 
  meat was always available , at least in the cities , before ~ 1990 when things really got like venezuela, 
   only that they mostly revolved around propaganda trips to visit communist `` achievements '' in other `` friendly '' communist countries if only -- few people could go abroad , mostly it was visiting some resort, 
  how about moving the capital to novgorod ? 
  that might actually solve moscow 's traffic problems , also not that novgorod ca n't use some development, 
  you just formulated my ideology, 
  to be honest , i believe that there is no one successor to kievan rus . 
  after the mongols invaded and lithuania formed , kievan rus got fractured , so either both of us are the successors equally , or none are, 
  to be honest , at that time the terms russian or ukrainian did not exist -- a ukrainian identity only started forming around the late renaissance period, 
  in the opinion of russian conspiracy theorists , the west will go out of its way to make life worse for russians, 
  and russia annexed eastern ukraine edit : typo, 
  you have been banned from ~ ~ / r/lisbon ~ ~ / r/pyongyang, 
  that feeling when your city 's name is replaced with a city in your country, 
  you have become a moderator of / r/selfproclaimedmoderators, 
  - beer - \u0160koda - jo\u017ein z ba\u017ein - \u0160vejk - atheism - avast - prague spring - nice food - nice girls - lots of expats live in prague - the hussite rebellion happened there, 
  and look at assad 's [ wife ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/asma_al-assad ) -- she does not look like a stereotypical arab at all, 
  only too much tourists for my taste, 
  we call louis xiv `` ludwig xiv '', 
   ( communist ? ), 
  not really , more crony capitalist, 
  these buildings seem to be new , though, 
  well , they are a nice concept . 
  they are more flexible than public transport , i just wish they were not hell to travel in , though . 
  the business should be more regulated,
