  thanks . 
  does croatia have fences ? 
  if they do n't they better start building them ... once the numbers hit a certain level all police lines will be broken . 
  our island is quite far away from the current action and i 'm over the moon . 
  do n't worry he does n't stand a chance . 
   the application procedure for asylum has to be held in the first country you are registered at the first safe country , hungary wo n't be that country . 
  even if they accept registrations you only let in those with documents - who definitely are n't economic migrants . 
  this means they can refuse entry and reduce their intake - making matters easier to sustain . 
  my argument is that comparing the berlin wall to an enforced border is absurd . 
  iron curtain did n't have a door for legal passage ... 
  yeah but keep quiet about gibraltar - we 're hoping spain forgets about it . 
   a lot of them are croatia , surprised they did n't make them membership conditions to be honest . 
  well everyone else is copying his radical new policy ... these weird lines you draw on a map called ` borders ' . 
  i know , right ? 
  radical !, 
  can we take him to england ? 
  he 'd give a few of our bleeding heart liberals a heart attack . 
  i 'm sorry for sending them your way then ... 
  i hope , for the eu 's sake , that europe can bring back her borders very rapidly . 
  the more he trolls the eu the better his term will be . 
  keeping his eurosceptic rebels / `` major 's bastards '' happy is only good news for our country . 
  no placing of blame was intended , merely making an observation . 
  your assertions are all things i agree with . 
  i did n't say most people were against an eu army , i meant most people against nato [ rest of sentence ] . 
  apologies for the confusion . 
  everything you say is right , however i 'd prefer not to have the power centralised in a single institution that has shown itself to be slow to act and stubborn to reform . 
  if this improves then without a doubt you are correct . 
  i do not believe it has any impact on anything nor did i say that ... even if the bbc was a state propaganda arm it 'd have trouble defending the eu . 
  :d i was just pointing out that some money may have been exchanged between the two - which is positive because they 're giving money to a uk corporation . 
  they do get eu grants for certain programmes & such . 
  it is not their main source of funding . 
  personally i just see it as a classic case of reinventing the wheel - nato does the job , and most people against it merely have personal issues with america . 
  `` used to refer to two or more people or things previously mentioned or easily identified . '', 
  it 's short-termist economic logic . 
  assume fixed demand for workers ( new jobs may be created but that is long term ) and immigration increases the supply of workers . 
  price is a function of supply & demand , price in this case a worker 's wage . 
  with fixed demand and increased supply , or a surplus , the price or wage will decrease . 
  therefore mass migration can undercut wages . 
  well none of their politicians have a brain , so there 's a start . 
  leaving the eu is n't really that extreme  it 's clearly bad at what it does . 
  no they 've got a long list of other things to cover - i would n't be surprised if this is overlooked . 
  not fighting in germany ... again !, 
  i would have thought so too but you 've got to give them the benefit of the doubt incase it is n't their first language . 
  hence i attacked their argument/logic as opposed to spelling or other things . 
  even if they are beneficial for the economy , surely it is just a ponzi scheme because at some point the population will be unable to accommodate any further increase ? 
  if you really are a professor of economics , you should probably know better than to present the strawman that you opened with . 
  the uk depends on food imports to meet demand , so i hope you can appreciate my english perspective . 
  please take my post from the perspective of a brit , where we have very high net migration and a rapidly increasing population . 
  with respect to gdp growth , that means little to the low-skilled workers who are potentially having their wages undercut . 
  source : `` it imports 40 % of the total food consumed and the proportion is rising '' http://www.foodsecurity.ac.uk/issue/uk.html, 
  many believe various different things : - our population levels are already too high in certain countries , with food imports vulnerable to climate change/food shocks . 
  - school places , hospitals and other vital public services are already under immense strain and more people will increase this to unsustainable levels in the short term . 
  - refugees who go beyond the first safe country they arrive at are not respecting the dublin convention and as a result have no respect for the rule of law before they even arrive . 
  similarly as they go beyond seeking refuge are economic migrants . 
  - integration into a country takes time and trying to integrate such a large amount of people may not be favorable for many people . 
  just look at the train stations and motorways closing across europe - it is chaos . 
  there are many other reasons but i feel i have made my point . 
  ( as a secular atheist i believe religion is irrelevant . 
  on the topic of employment - it is economic fact that a surplus of lower skilled labour lowers wages , hence the protectionist concerns of many . ), 
  edit : on the topic of finding bad people , it is not that the majority of them are a threat or even some . 
  the worry is that a handful or even one is a terrorist arriving unregistered in europe amidst the mass flood of people - people have made it all the way to sweden without registration and this is a massive security threat to europe as a whole . 
  hence the ` sometimes ' - in england we are not gifted with such intelligent left wing parties . 
  `` in place for years '' is an appeal to tradition and a common fallacy to justify the treaties that have failed to handle the situation thus far . 
  the poorest ca n't afford to pay the people smugglers to get on a dangerous unseaworthy boat for a chance at a better life . 
  arguably this is the syrian middle class - the poorest , injured and most vulnerable are unable to even make the journey . 
  what a wonderful display of common sense . 
  all the best to you , i hope the spanish government gift you the same treatment we gifted scotland . 
  the left sometimes dismiss it as dangerous nationalism but i for one welcome a tide of democratic peaceful self determination . 
  i forgot the / s :p great analysis though , kudos . 
  what about an electrified fence with a moat ? 
  also armed security guards and infra-red people sensors . 
  you make the goal seem scientific and inquisitive : `` as much information and analysis about the current migrant situation as possible '' yet you seem to have already come to your own political conclusion : `` petition for assistance , aid , and the hope of productive citizenship for these people '', 
  that happens under the current system anyway except they get given all the least important ministries . 
  moving to the scottish system at least gives them a chance that it might change to left/right politics . 
  if the police inquiry leads somewhere they will be massively vindicated though - massive gamble . 
  what would go wrong if we gave them scottish-style devolution ? 
  independence/reunification would still be possible through referenda , maybe i 'm too optimistic that the days of violence are over . 
  the whole assembly is a joke - ` mandatory ' coalitions with no opposition is not democracy . 
  elected within the party would be sufficient , as david cameron was . 
  these standards should apply to european political parties . 
  but ed miliband was elected by labour party members , european political parties do not attempt such a process - so i reject your claim that it is applicable to any form of democracy . 
  if the presidential appointment candidates were restricted to meps maybe it would be better . 
  ( then i can vote for an epp clone that supports open primaries and elected replacement lists ), 
  it is still appointment based , say you are a massive epp supporter but hate juncker - it is very very difficult to change things . 
  the new system is not much better . 
  everything he says about the flawed appointment process giving the peoples of europe insufficient say is accurate . 
  your generalisation to british people is unfounded and frankly insulting . 
  we 'd never single out a specific nationality and we debate the issue on immigration 's consequences not immigrants . 
  even farage only specifically highlighted bulgaria/romania because of their accession to free movement at the time . 
  the children of migrants do need schools , migrants may not speak english ( unlikely ) , sick migrants do need healthcare . 
  so i would refute your accusation that they are mostly untrue . 
  you are quite right , hence my clarification ` minimum ' . 
  the worst case is that this goes on for years and the flows of people never relent . 
  the boats never stop and the children never stop drowning . 
  arguably what we have got now is worse than a federal system - worst of both worlds . 
  you are right though , no need to complain - provided the unaudited eu accounts are n't used to spend millions of euros to flood the campaign with propaganda . 
  if we ban links to bbc news or radio discussions your censorship aims have gone too far !, 
  the users of the subreddit determine the content , not the moderators , and rightfully so . 
  the moderators should just ensure it fits into reddit rules - which on that first case it surely does . 
  pulling states into a federal europe without ever asking their peoples in a referendum is one of the biggest failings of contemporary democracy in my opinion .
