interesting perspective :d i 'll certainly be back to say i told you so if nd get most seats , but it 's definitely too close to call . 
  are new democracy planning to be harsh on the boats arriving ? 
  i 'm sort of hoping they win because syriza coalition negotiations will be horribly tense ... 
  the data on the number of deaths is very telling - the open border policy most likely results in more deaths . 
  immigration can provide safe refuge but it wo n't lift the masses out of poverty . 
  i fail to see the relevance ... what is the connection between people 's charity money being exploited to cause civil disobedience and fingerprinting britons ? 
  it is disgusting either way , encouraging potential new citizens to break the law before they even arrive is not a recipe for fast integration . 
  can you link where the duplicate is ? 
  i can not find it . 
  ouch :( what about somewhere in sweden ? 
  the uk is currently doing the exact same thing - our conservative party clearly see a money saving opportunity . 
  we call them cheese-eating surrender monkeys , and say lightning only strikes france . 
  :d :d, 
  this post is naive , suggesting all a culture requires is a different skin colour . 
  this could easily just be british culture and rightfully so . 
  i was aware of nus doing it , but it really strikes into the heart of the current left . 
  it really ruined my week . 
  hear , hear . 
  hungary has changed my opinion on so many human rights organisations , that clearly have political motives - when they should really be trying to minimise suffering . 
  land bridge from ni to scotland would be cool . 
  well small state conservatives on the right join to sack some border staff and save monies on enforcement . 
  and lefties join because they do n't want borders anywhere because they divide us and are artificial . 
  i never said neutral , merely implying that the negatives outweigh the positives . 
  however you are assuming their politicians acted correctly or rationally when that need not be the case . 
  the difference is those powers were previously agreed , whereas the push for a common asylum policy represents eu mission creep . 
  if we need it , would it not be best to ratify a treaty rather than impose a diktat on nation-states ? 
  uk has managed just fine ... trade going great . 
  is it right to enforce an eu wide asylum policy on countries who do n't want it ? 
  not everyone believes ` more europe ' is the solution to this crisis , or even the eurozone crisis for example . 
  let it be up to the discretion of the subreddit users as to whether or not to ` believe them ' . 
  i have no friends , so it ca n't be a picture of my friend . 
  i just spend all day reading politics and reading / r/europe . 
  i do n't pretend the photo is anything , as i did n't post it . 
  i just think delisting it for the given reason is pathetic and suspicious . 
  as long as we can put a cap on it , and if it ever starts going the other way they can do likewise - then there is no issue . 
  300,000 + net a year though is unlikely to happen from such a smaller union . 
  this content is high quality , your subjective judgement is misguided . 
  is this because it has pro-austerity undertones that clash with your personal beliefs ? 
  why not let the users of / r/europe judge quality of content with our up and downvotes . 
  hear , hear . 
  the extreme position is allowing unregistered masses to roam freely ignoring any security or other consequences . 
  not to mention pretending that being welcoming does n't encourage more people to make the journey . 
  i agree , but that also means protecting it from a european superstate replacing nation-state culture with european culture . 
  replacing national flags with the eu flag . 
  replacing national anthems with ode to joy ... etc. 
  yeah , there is no such thing as european values . 
  agreed . 
  just because racists believe in a particular solution to a crisis does not mean that the solution is not also the most humane and effective solution to it . 
  racism is an abomination but fallacy by association is unacceptable . 
  pvv are perhaps doing well because they are right on an issue for once ... 
  it 's the shockingly ruthless efficiency of individual nation-state governments rapidly losing domestic political capital trying to stem the losses . 
  just a shame they did n't see it from the start like most of / r/europe, 
  all brits are queue loving , so yes . 
  i do n't like the concept of state media , if we did n't have it nobody would invent it . 
  at least by the end it 'll be a unified eu asylum policy - which is all some of the bleeding heart liberals really want ... soon the boats will be turned back and the unnecessary drowning will stop . 
  lasted longer than us brits would have lasted , we ca n't stand it . 
  anyone who can not form an orderly queue and wait hours in it is not welcome here . 
  the point is that the burden of proof is on the individual not the authorities . 
  if you give everyone without documents the benefit of the doubt , that is the same as abolishing borders which only increases the numbers - as we have seen . 
  so it is not unreasonable to ` assume ' they are economic migrants , unless shown in each specific case otherwise . 
  you know the blue and red bit of your flag are detachable , to reveal the true french flag  , 
  why do n't you just use some of the more sophisticated migrant boats before they sink them ... 
  sorry , i was referring to future governments , where it may be more likely . 
  if we vote to stay , and it is binding as i wish , it will be for several governments . 
  it was a genuine question , i 'm curious . 
  transparency is awesome . 
  :d if the answer is # 0 , then even better . 
  surely with no requirement that it be binding for a specified timescale , there is no reason why a europhilic government could n't force repeated referendums until they get the right result ? 
  another example is the swiss referendum on free movement , where the eu has refused to allow any mutual compromise thus far . 
  are you not worried that the eu will make us vote again , like they have done with several referendums in various countries across europe ? 
  do you believe in the single currency and expect the uk to join ? 
  how much eu funding are you getting ? 
  we 'll have trade outside the eu so that argument falls flat . 
  we can legislate our own environmental protections so that argument falls flat . 
  we can legislate our own social protections ... etc. 
  the argument that the eu maintains peace is a farce ever since the ukraine incident , no to mention blair 's military ambitions in kosovo . 
  bloc eea negotiation at the wto is hardly a benefit given how painfully slow the eu has been at negotiating free trade deals so far . 
  we can have a multipolar global european future - without being ruled from europe . 
  our # 7bn contribution goes to an institution that has n't had any account audits signed off for years . 
  it does n't say why we should stay - first you 've got to win the argument , then the volunteers will recruit themselves . 
  god help france : path of least resistance . 
  no not that form !, 
  you 've got to fill out this form first and then go to desk 324 , in building 37d . 
  please vote for zac , sadiq wants quotas in the police service - which is just discrimination for all intents and purposes . 
  anyone who says you ca n't keep people out just want their glorious dream world where we do n't need borders . 
  if the political will is there , of course you can have an effective border . 
  hear , hear, 
  the prophet has spoken !, 
  abandon ship !, 
  you 're right though , as far as pipes go the eu will properly burst . 
  `` german politicians are taking the route of least resistance . '', 
  so you are saying they are all walking towards france ? 
  what do you expect to happen once all routes are fenced ? 
  the numbers getting in will be considerably less which is the objective ... 
  the fact that they have moved to another route shows that the fence can stop water then ... 
  eventually all of the routes will be so difficult that the flow stops . 
  like tightening a valve on a high pressure water pipe . 
  sure tightening the valve is difficult but if you do n't try you will be flooded . 
  not particularly , especially if they stick to main roads ... 
  ok , was n't sure whether bbc only labeled schengen countries with fences because of the peculiarity .
