  fyi and adding some context : 1 ) milos zeman was elected by popular majority vote and currently has 46 % support in population , which is shared 2nd-3rd best score of all politicians in the czech republic 2 ) president as an institution is currently trusted by majority of population ( 55 % ) which is ( if i recall it correctly ) either the top or the second best score of all state institutions . 
  3 ) accusations of xenophobia , islamophobia , racism , etc. 
  do n't fly here because except relatively small minority no one else gives a shit about them - people either do n't care or are genuinely against islam or immigration or usually both . 
  compared to some other countries these '' - phobias '' bear no social stigma ( i 'm / you 're xenophobic , so what ? 
  i hope / believe that number how many times a corrupt politician can be replaced by another equally corrupt is finite . 
  you can succeed doing it several times , but you can not do it forever . 
  even the dumbest or most apolitical ones finally start to see the truth and get pissed . 
  however , i 've always been an optimist :-), 
  yeah , sure - but i hope that the tide is turning or at least starts to . 
  let 's hope . 
  `` what are they waiting for ? 
  christmas ? '', 
  ( duke nukem quote ) ... actually , it would be quite funny to close them on christmas, 
  i guess that the leaders will change then . 
  you may be right . 
  or not . 
  the czech republic has just been ranked as 10th most secure country in the whole world , ahead of france and most other eu countries . 
  and we have the most liberal gun laws in europe and approximately 750 000 guns per population od 10.5 million . 
  depends on where . 
  indoor - yes . 
  at distance - not at all . 
  but we 're talking about a music club scenario or something similar now . 
  and i did ' t say that i 'd * want * . 
  even so , a handgun would be 1000 times better than empty hands . 
  restrictive gun laws that are in effect in most of europe should be abolished . 
  state will never be able to protect sufficiently from this type of attacks . 
  2-3 gunmen would probably not manage to kill 80 people in a club if just 2-4 % of those 1100 visitors were armed . 
  and even if so , i 'd much rather die being able to fight back than be executed like chicken . 
  i 've been carrying a handgun with me for almost 20 years , but usually just a small one in caliber 0.280 auto / 9 mm browning . 
  i 've just changed it for a bigger glock . 
  ok , no problem , thanks . 
  i have n't written anything about * your * personal opinion so i 'm not sure what are you referring to . 
  i wish them good luck with that although chance of success is probably quite small . 
  my personal skepticism regarding climate change stems from different roots , but yeah - you really describe how many people here think ( and it 's often hard to blame them for that ) . 
   the idea that antropomorphic climate change is up to debate . 
  in all eu countries deniers are a minority and considered nutcases by everyone including the uneducated . 
  actually , no . 
  in the czech republic majority of population opposes the eu anti-climate change policies and many do n't believe that `` science is settled '' , including me . 
  otherwise i agree with all your other points . 
  puzzie , if you identified as a postage stamp you would be not only picked up and dropped , but also licked . 
  sorry if your experience in prague was negative . 
  i understand that as an expat you may focus on other aspects of life here than natives and that your points represent your opinion and experience . 
  however , they describe your personal experience and in my opinion , they do not represent reality accurately . 
  as i 've said , i do n't think that racism is relevant category in relation to the czech republic ( and also poland or slovakia , etc. ), 
  and therefore i do n't really care whether i am ( or the whole czech republic is ) racist or not . 
  someone may think so , no problem for me , everyone is entitled to his / her own opinions . 
  concerning your individual points , just very briefly : ad 1 ) russians - there 's a very good reason why some people dislike them . 
  they occupied our country in 1968 and remained here till 1990 . 
  also , we were ruled by a communist puppet government reporting to politburo in moscow from 1948 till 1989 . 
  of course that russian tourists or expats are not responsible for any of this , but communism ruined many lives or careers and especially older people still remember it and for them , commies = russians . 
  i understand them . 
  ad 2 ) it might also be that you had bad luck choosing the restaurant and waiter there was dishonest - pork is the cheapest meat so they might to do it not because being racist , but to rob you . 
  ad 4 ) croatian are slavs , not poc . 
  ad 5 ) actually , there are more concerns with far left extremism than with far right extremism . 
  for me ( i live in prague ) , question of racism is basically irrelevant . 
  what many people not living here do n't recognize is that for czechs it 's usually just a theoretical term because there are virtually no poc / racial minorities . 
  concerning the major minority groups living in the czech republic : 1 ) romani people declare themselves as czechs and although they 're often viewed as a separate group and not part of mainstream society , they 're not perceived as people of different race 2 ) vietnamese ( & chinese ) - they 're generally liked here , they are very hardworking , polite and fit very well into the society 2 ) ukrainians ( & russians ) - after few years you recognize them only by foreign accent otherwise they 're indistinguishable from czechs . 
  the same for immigrants from other european countries . 
  the only place where you can semi-regularly meet actual poc is in front of several hotels and night clubs downtown prague because they employ few of them as barkers ( they stand out and attract attention because they 're unique here and look exotic ) . 
  so when someone here hears something about racism , the most probable first association is kkk in the usa . 
  but racism in connection to the czech republic ? 
  who gives a shit ? 
  yeah , it 's unfortunately very difficult to integrate roma people into the mainstream society . 
  moreover many of them come from slovakia or romania and they are those who form pickpocket gangs . 
  consequently vast majority of population has strongly negative attitudes to them and it also does n't help when almost every year the un or the us state department publish reports how romani people are oppressed here ( nobody believes it and many get angry because of it ) . 
  concerning taxi - uber has also started to operate in prague . 
  i was used to use the aaa ( they are the largest taxi company here ) , but now i prefer uber . 
  and public transportation is said to be very good . 
  so , when do global cooling and the next little ice age begin ? 
  i would prefer focus on other pollutants instead of co2 . 
  i have always thought that de-colonization of many former colonies was premature . 
  and also , i 'd like to be a citizen of a colonial power :-p, 
  yeah , exactly , only the start - the tide has turned and future looks much better now . 
  brexit and president trump feel like when morning finally comes and you wake up from a bad politically correct dream . 
  the domino will fall and it will fall hard because all main pillars holding together the status quo are now gone : 1 ) sense of long-term prosperity and bright future has been gone for some time 2 ) sense of inevitability is no more because everyone sees that you can resist and win 3 ) msm lost their ability to create a narrative . 
  they were able to paint any dissenting view as extremist of problematic and they are no more . 
  their credibility is zero and they got btfo in the uk and now even more in the usa . 
  what a time to be alive , 
  why and how much ? 
  refugees ? 
  seriously wapo ? 
  they 're economic migrants . 
  check how well you fared with your politically correct language and mendacious narratives in the usa where you acted as an arm of clinton 's campaign . 
  about one or two years late to score them positive points . 
  it will probably look like a stupid move in hindsight few years from now given that brexit and president trump are most likely not an end , but a beginning of things to come . 
  how is it even possible that someone like juncker is still able to hold his position ? 
  should have been ousted and forgotten years ago . 
  does anyone else have a feeling that 2016 shapes up as a wonderful year in terms of politics ? 
  first brexit , now president trump and other good and potentially great news probably in the pipeline in austria , france , italy , netherlands and so on . 
  the morning is hopefully coming . 
  this is just too perfect to be real , just wow - enter president trump !, 
  first brexit , now trump presidency in the us ... btw , when is the new date for the re-done presidential election in austria ? 
  i sometimes wonder if we would n't be better off today had the austro-hungarian empire reformed somewhat and survived - much larger domestic market , our position of industrial base of the whole empire , direct access to sea , official language spoken by more than mere 10 million people , stronger geo-political position and larger military . 
  i assume that motive is unknown and will be very difficult to untangle it ... ? 
  i referred mainly to the early arab conquests , e.g. 
  egypt campaign against byzantines and conquest of jerusalem in 7th century , not ottomans . 
  i really think that at that time caliphate armies often behaved more civilized than isis today . 
  of course it depends on campaign , commanders and many other factors . 
  according to czech news ( idnes.cz ) the priest was very old ( 92 years according to one local resident ) and they either beheaded him or tried to ( `` slit throat '' ) . 
  it 's strange that today 's islamist attacks are probably even more cruel than early conquests or mohammad et al in 7-8th century .
