i disagree - opinion polls during last year consistently show that willingness to accept migrants ( and even actual refugees ) is on very low level in the czech republic . 
  note that i refer to migrants / refugees from non-european / non-western countries , not to people from neighboring countries , etc. 
  you can check e.g. 
  the latest cvvm poll from february and march 2016 ( http://cvvm.soc.cas.cz/media/com_form2content/documents/c1/a7549/f3/pm160422a.pdf ) . 
  the report is unfortunately available only in cz therefore few highlights : ** willingness to accept refugees from middle east and africa : ** * definitely yes : 2 % * rather yes : 14-15 % * rather no : 30-33 % * definitely no : 46-48 % ** attitude to refugees from war-torn countries ( i.e. 
  not common migrants , but actual refugees fleeing war ) : ** * accept and let settle permanently : 3 % * accept and tolerate temporarily until the war is over : 32 % * do n't accept at all , not even temporarily : 61 % depending on polls and their methodology , the picture is clear - overall approx . 
  85-90 % people are more or less opposed to immigration ( not taking into account immigration from ` culturally consistent ' countries ) . 
  and btw , what 's basis for your assumption that most people are liberal ? 
  do n't trigger me with such offensive words :-d, 
  yes , approx . 
  85-90 % of population ( incl . 
  me ) is anti immigration . 
  and actually , i would n't mind resurrection of the austro-hungarian empire . 
  if nothing else we would at least gain access to sea again , lol . 
  why do you think he should leave ? 
  probably to avoid the other candidate - schwarzenberg . 
  i voted for neither of them , but if i had to choose i would choose zeman over schwarzenberg too . 
  not surprising to me - in clash of progressive ideologies , feminism ( and lbgtq + ... ) usually looses to multiculturalism . 
  i still need an explanation how is premature replacement of several constitutional judges done by current polish government worse than premature replacement ( or extension of tenure ) of several constitutional judges done by previous government shortly before the october election ( when the previous ruling party already knew they would loose ) . 
  the only difference i see is that the previous government was friendly to brussels while the current not so much . 
  rainbow six siege polish edition ? 
  so was the law really somehow important if it would have no practical effect anyway ? 
  why do gays bother with it if the law was meant to be immaterial `` feel good '' law ? 
  i mean , in my country many heterosexual couples live together and raise children without being married and besides that half of marriages end up in divorce . 
  i am married , but it 's just a formality , what matters to me is my relationship to my wife or my girlfriend , not the legal status of it . 
  and i understand that some people are traditionalists and marriage really was a union between a man and a woman ( or women ) throughout history whose main purpose were children . 
  being anti immigration and climate realist does n't mean someone is stupid . 
  i 'm quite sure that your shaming / `` call out '' attempt wo n't work here . 
  thankfully . 
  6000 m seems like impractical altitude for deliberate violation of airspace of country equipped both with various types of sams as well as ( relatively ) advanced fighter jets . 
  and su-24 is not exactly the type of aircraft one would choose for such adventures . 
  i would guess that it was more likely unintentional mistake or the su-24 might still have been in the syrian airspace after all . 
  that 's sad . 
  i 've always been in favor of ( almost ) unrestricted free speech the way it 's guaranteed in the usa by their constitution . 
  even the so-called `` hate speech '' should be protected . 
  and i 'm very suspicious about people throwing around words like `` hate speech '' , `` hate-free '' , etc. 
  they usually use them as a rhetorical trick to gain upper hand and promote censorship . 
  yeah , exactly !, 
  relying too much on wind turbines and solar is a problem until there 's a cheap way to store energy from renewable sources . 
  we ( the czech republic ) have to massively invest into our power grid because germany does n't have sufficient infrastructure to transfer the wind-generated electricity ( which is generated when it 's windy and not when it 's needed ) from their northern shoreline to southern part of germany and therefore they reroute it through our grid which was n't designed to handle such spikes . 
  so thank you for your commitment to green energy , germany - we 're happy to co-sponsor it . 
  btw , part of the investment are circuit breakers enabling to stop the transfer through our grid if the spike is too high so that the subsequent blackout stays in germany and does n't spillover here . 
  cool , that 's an elegant way to say fuck off to the paris summit , i like it :-d, 
  same percentage as germany ( actually even slightly better ) - that 's nice :-), 
  yeah , sure ... the same as with encryption and tightening of gun regulations , i totally believe it . 
  it 's just a convenient way to use ( actually abuse ) a tragedy to advance agenda that is otherwise unpopular . 
  fuck that . 
  yeah , exactly :-d ( i love the arma series so i sometimes check what 's new at bohemia interactive . ), 
  just minor correction - the guns and other weapon systems are usually kept by default , but if you as a buyer do n't have license to buy a military version , the seller will either remove or disable them . 
  it 's legit - there are more companies here that sell military surplus , including tanks and military jets . 
  example of one czech company : http://www.exarmyvehicles.com/offer/tracked-vehicles i know of at least one company that has recently bought t-72 main battle tank and few people who have bought wheeled apcs and legalized them for civilian use : http://zpravy.idnes.cz/foto.aspx?r=domaci&amp;foto1=mia148e48_transporter.jpg the second link is funny because it 's a story how owner of ot 64 apc went downtown to purchase an ice cream and was fined for illegal parking . 
   we do n't have any nazis here , so our only experience is the history of the german nazis . 
  i think that this is the point . 
  there have been almost no real nazis in the 70 years and basically no one is a nazi today so accusing anyone of being nazi is just a made up label not grounded in reality , a slur . 
  that 's why i 've become allergic to overuse of it by some `` progressives '' -- you disagree with them on something and all of a sudden you 're nazi for them . 
  ** i referred to this in my original comment - that this shaming tactics thankfully does n't work here . 
  ** ( they get * really * frustrated when they tell you that you are a disgusting nazi and you reply that they underestimate you because you 're boss level , `` literary hitler '' :-d ) . 
  yeah , i also think that this may be the case . 
  ( although i tend to be more suspicious about `` your '' communists too , spying for the ussr , etc. ) . 
  nazis are for me just a past menace from era of my grandparents and not a current threat , who is a real nazi today ? 
  there are various breeds of nationalists , but virtually no real nazis . 
  concerning communists - i have irl experience with them from my childhood , they still exist , have mps etc. , they 're not history yet . 
  at least you can rely on courts which is not always the case here . 
  concerning guns , nothing is really banned here , but some things require a special permit which is difficult to obtain , so i tend to say that it 's banned although technically it 's not true . 
  things requiring the special permit are mainly full-auto weapons and silencers / suppressors ( which pisses me off a bit because i do n't like loud sounds and sometimes it would look strange to use earplugs constantly ) . 
  laser sights are also banned here , but in a strange way - you can own them and use them at a shooting range , but you can not have them mounted on your gun anywhere besides shooting ranges - how is that supposed to be enforceable is a mystery to me . 
  almost everything else is sold freely to all gun-license holders . 
  there are no mag capacity regulations or assault weapons regulations ( as long as they are converted to semi-auto ) . 
  there are probably some regulations regarding maximum caliber , but i do n't know details ( 0.50 cal rifles are allowed and who needs more ) . 
  and we do n't have any special taxes on guns or ammunition :-), 
  exactly , i also know that there 's no straightforward relationship between penetration of guns in population and violence . 
  based on your description , chicago seems to be in certain aspects ( not positive ones ) quite `` european '' - disarming population , `` taxation to death '' , prohibitive fees , bypassing law via various workarounds , useless restrictions , this all sounds to me very much like the eu and it 's sad ( or at least inconsistent with my values ) . 
  fuck this . 
  we 've been resisting the pressure from eu for years and i hope that we 'll manage it again . 
  we still have very liberal gun laws ( gun license is shall-issue ) and no problems with gun-related crime . 
  i absolutely oppose enforcing this shit upon us . 
  thanks for your suggestion , i am interested in all replies to my posts , but i still do n't give a fuck about guilt by association . 
  btw , i have strongly negative attitude to nazis , but i consider them irrelevant . 
  whom i really hate are commies and other far left extremists . 
  and what pisses me off is that they 're treated far more leniently than nazis who are mostly not actual nazis anyway , just a boogeyman . 
  lenin , stalin , mao et al were no better than hitler and i wonder why `` nazi '' is used as a slur while e.g. 
  `` revolutionary '' is n't . 
  i 've never voted for him ( neither in presidential elections nor earlier ) . 
  my attitude to him is reserved , but not clearly negative . 
  i did n't vote for schwarzenberg either . 
  however , if i was forced to choose between these two , i would pick zeman ( using the words of gimli of lotr - `` let the best dwarf win '' ) . 
  i absolutely agree with you , with your every word . 
  and yes , it 's really a dangerous slippery slope . 
  and also one of reasons why my attitude to the eu has grown from clearly positive to very reserved ( or even negative ) during last approx . 
  10 years . 
  fuck that . 
  i do n't accept guilt by association . 
  you can not mix legitimate and wide-spread opposition to uncontrolled immigration from faraway countries with few * actual * nazis . 
  fact that you agree in certain opinion with a nazi does n't mean that you should freak out and change your mind . 
  it 's the same as if you reconsidered your support for e.g. 
  gender equality just because commies want it too . 
  this is the first time i see someone from my country to use the word `` white / non-white privilege '' seriously and not as an ironic joke . 
  i guess that 99 % of population here is even unaware of this whole `` privilege '' concept . 
  i guess that it must be extremely frustrating for those `` politically correct progressives '' that their shaming tactics does n't work in the czech republic . 
  the only result of overuse of these labels is their further devaluation ( you 're not just a common nazi , you 're literally hitler :-d ) .
