  at that time arabs mostly taxed christians in conquered areas , but respected their faith to certain extent and did not outright murder them . 
  what motivates you to say things like this ? 
  knife , machete , gun , assault rifle , truck , ieds ... like a loadout in a first-person shooter , next should be either chainsaw or bfg . 
   so i dont think you really proved a correlation between concealed carry and homicide rate exactly - i mention it in the subsequent comment below :  truth be told , the statics on relationship between homicide rates and gun ownership are probably inconclusive, 
   how much more common these sorts of scenes would be if it was n't like that implication of this logic is that mass murders committed by cars or trucks ( nice ) must be much more common because they are omnipresent . 
  it 's obviously not true . 
  truth be told , the statics on relationship between homicide rates and gun ownership are probably inconclusive - you ca n't prove that disarmament of population decreases homicide rate and you ca n't prove otherwise . 
  even cdc in the us which researched this topic admitted that . 
  not related to this article , but to gun control in general : my issue is that i am in favor of our liberal gun laws and i personally own several guns . 
  the ec has been pushing ( in the wake of bataclan ) for tightening the regulations eu-wide which may result in confiscations for me and several hundred thousands of my fellow countrymen . 
  the directive is being justified by bogus statistics and outright lies and the mess about that made me a bit more sensitive to statistics relating to this topic . 
  you sure ? 
  my country ( czech republic ) for example has lower homicide rate than germany , uk or france and we 're the only european country where gun license is shall-issue ( and gun ownership is quite common ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate ** i do n't care whether you get shot or stabbed , i only care whether you get murdered or not . 
  terrorists sometimes do n't have guns . 
  law-abiding citizens in western europe never have them . 
  and mental health or lack thereof, 
  let 's call things their actual names - you are talking about censorship . 
  not that it would n't already happen sometimes , but i will always be 100 % against it . 
  restrictive german gun laws . 
  preventing everyone except the terrorist or criminal from having a firearm . 
  leave . 
  such things can never happen in my country - should i feel lucky or sad because of it ? 
  never seen before experiences brought to you courtesy of merkel & co. 
  even if you were correct , such people should not be allowed to enter europe without proper border control and background checks and not in such vast numbers . 
  if there is an epidemics in certain area , the solution is a quarantine . 
  i can easily imagine that if i moved to e.g. 
  canada or australia , i might become frustrated there and set out on a killing spree because of that . 
  exactly , i have very same feelings and quite often , not just here . 
  i would never have thought that i would live to see some sort of censorship again . 
  i am 100 % certain that i do n't need another person to filter for me information sources to avoid those that someone else considers biased . 
  freaked out because he 's never seen a train before . 
  what method of execution would they use ? 
  impalement ? 
  if they managed to shoot down erdogan 's plane they probably would n't have to shoot at civilians . 
  it 's sad . 
  normally i 'm no fan of military coups , but in this case i wished that military succeeded and protected secular character of turkey again . 
  english is not my native language . 
  am i to suppose that you do n't understand my previous answer ? 
  i wo n't reply to the same question more than once . 
  would n't it be better if you directly stated your intention instead of this dancing around ? 
  most of jews living in germany and occupied countries were citizens of the respective countries . 
  so e.g. 
  germany , protectorate bohmen und mahren , slovak state , hungary , vichy france , etc. 
  what 's the next question ? 
  majority of those occupied by nazi germany during ww2 - i referred to holocaust . 
  cool , i 've read comparisons that she might be sort of thatcher 2.0 and the iron lady was my favorite uk prime minister of last decades . 
  you should n't make fun of other cultures . 
  and btw , their views are far more progressive compared to islam , they e.g. 
  do n't execute gays , etc. 
  i 'm no fan of victimless crimes and limiting free speech . 
  on contrary in my case . 
  i liked german much more than english at school because the grammar was perfectly logic and predictable with very few exceptions . 
  once i learned the rules i did n't have to worry about anything . 
  english grammar is actually more difficult for me . 
  fighting keeps us fit !, 
  how about resignation , after presiding over possibly the worst failure in eu 's history ? 
  even our pro-eu minister of foreign affairs today recommended this ( while online discussions favor seppuku ) . 
  well , 2016 is a year when conventional wisdom fails quite often . 
  and i guess that 2017 may be even more interesting given brexit and especially if there was a president trump in the usa ( i do n't think that clinton will be able to win the election ) . 
  you are forgetting 4 . 
  - gradual erosion / churn of another members and consequently either fading into irrelevance or outright dismantlement . 
  i guess that there will be other referenda in at least few countries over the course of next years . 
  for example , in my country several parties including two present in the parliament demand referendum about czexit / czechout and brexit gave a boost to this effort . 
  and according to opinion polls about 60 % would vote to leave ( possibly / probably including me ) . 
   should we now push for the united states of europe ? 
  unless there 's a really massive overhaul of the eu and its structures i will instead push for referendum about czexit / czechout now when the uk has paved the way for us . 
  according to opinion polls about 60 % of voters would vote to leave so the chances are high . 
  what would make me vote for federalization - basically dismantlement of most current eu institutions and policies and starting from scratch ( e.g. 
  pre-1995 status ) by adopting constitution derived from the us constitution including all relevant amendments . 
  this somehow reminds me of the `` braveheart '' movie and edward i. 
  i feel hope that the eu ( which i strongly dislike in its current form ) will either be forced to massively reform or that it will be simpler for my country to organize similar referendum about czechout / czexit . 
  i expected brexit to happen and i expect president trump in the usa and i also expect that 2017 and beyond will be quite different from the last decade . 
   would you support mandatory backdoors in communication systems ? 
  i generally do n't like it , but i can live with court warranted wiretapping of communication , if limited to severe crimes . 
  i am totally against mandatory backdoors to encrypted devices or criminalization of refusal to provide password to an encrypted device or disk . 
   i expect that it becomes harder for more-restrictive members to enforce their laws . 
  you are mistaken on this . 
  the current push against guns is driven by the eu through a new directive which if adopted will be mandatory for all eu members . 
  i do n't know gun laws in other eu countries good enough but i 'm quite sure that it will mean tightening the regulations for most countries , probably except britain and some other members with already highly restrictive approach . 
  the directive in its original form was introduced in the wake of paris attacks last november , it was basically an abuse of a tragedy to promote certain agenda . 
   freedom of religion it 's guaranteed and it 's actually no concern in my country , because we 're the first or second least religious country in world . 
  basically , no one gives a shit about religion , vast majority of us are n't even christened . 
   when you say `` multiculturalism '' , do you mean in the sense of `` policies adopted to retain multiple cultures side-by-side '' or in wanting to not let other cultures in , like , concerns about overwhelming local culture ? 
  primarily the first , but the second point to certain extent too ( czech republic is very homogenous country therefore concerns about overwhelming local culture would be far-fetched ) . 
  this topic is complex and i ca n't answer it briefly , sorry . 
  one important point is that i want to retain control over who is accepted and who is n't which means that outer eu borders must be protected . 
  what happened in greece was totally unacceptable . 
  brussels and most western european countries insisted that nothing could be done until hungary built a fence and then suddenly the flow of immigrants came to halt , intriguing . 
  i assume you live in the usa , do n't you ? 
  i think that many of the freedom-related issues would go away if we adopted equivalent of the 1st and 2nd amendments to your constitution - i admire them and also wisdom and foresight of your founding fathers . 
  this is very sad . 
  such homophobic poster , i am triggered and maybe will contract ptsd . 
  there are many aspects , but the biggest show stopper for me are the efforts to limit freedom . 
  i remember communism from my youth and i 'm sensitive to any pushes to limit freedom of speech ( e.g. 
  `` hate speech laws '' , political correctness ) , spying on own citizens on the internet and social networks , disarmament of population and other similar things . 
  for me , all of this comes from the eu and is being implemented based on eu directives . 
  for example , in the czech republic we still do n't have `` hate speech '' law in the sense it is currently understood by the eu , we have the most liberal gun laws in whole europe and these things are about to change due to push from the eu . 
  fuck that . 
  you either have freedom or you do n't . 
  and besides the freedom-related issues , i also oppose multiculturalism , dislike eu bureaucracy , consider eu subsidies / grants as form of bribery and want to get rid off them .
