  and the way eu tries to handle the recent immigration wave looks like a sad joke to me . 
  this is not factually correct . 
  btw , i remember last years of communist regime in my country - it was the communist party that gave us e.g. 
  very cheap housing for everyone , good quality public transportation and some other positive things - should we have been thankful to them and keep them in power ? 
  yeah , exactly this !, 
   voting to leave is not a vote against europe , it is a vote against the eu . 
  actually , i agree with you on this - i also think that europe as well as the usa are at an inflection point and decisions adopted now will determine future for decades to come . 
  however , we probably differ in vision how the future should look like . 
  i definitely do n't want the current eu to be part of my future . 
  sure thing - and switzerland with its referenda is a perfect example to illustrate your point , they would be much better off without them / s, 
  i hope that brexit will be beginning of dismantlement of the current form of eu . 
  clear majority of people in the czech republic would vote to leave eu according to opinion polls so if / once brexit will had happened we may be the next . 
  disclaimer - i 'm not against integration of europe per se , just the current approach . 
  and i 've already lost faith that fine tuning and gradual improvements might make the current eu more acceptable . 
  i want to burn it down and see what arises from the ashes . 
  i like ben garrison and his cartoons and his nicknames . 
  and i see that there are more polacks in r/europe than i thought , cool . 
  the whole headline ( `` anti-eu sentiment despite eu subsidies : cornwall has received hundreds of millions of euros from the eu . 
  despite these subsidies , many here favor brexit . 
  why ? '' ), 
  implies corruption . 
  as it should be somehow surprising that not all people can be bought / bribed . 
  i remember time when in my country all investment and subsidies were provided thanks to the communist party . 
  should people love them because of that ? 
  i 'm quite sure that you do n't really expect answer to this pseudo question . 
  btw , which animals are according to your bestiary e.g. 
  merkel , hollande or juncker ? 
  insightful article . 
  btw , i 'm actually not nationalist , but i support them because i strongly dislike the eu in its current form and this seems the most viable path to dismantle it . 
  i hope for brexit to happen and then president trump . 
  i guess that there may be more people with this attitude for whom the current wave of nationalism is just a tool and not actual goal . 
  another redditor has already mentioned this issue in this thread - i do n't think that direct , immediate and credible incitement to violence should be protected as free speech . 
  however , general and vague death threats not fulfilling the conditions `` direct , immediate and credible '' should not be be criminalized ( e.g. 
  `` i hate you and one day i will kill you . '' ) . 
  what i basically want is to adopt in my country the very same protection of free speech that is guaranteed in the usa by the 1st amendment to the us constitution . 
  ( and i would also love to adopt their 2nd amendment , but that 's another matter . ), 
  there are at least hundreds of uninhabited islands around greece - several archipelagos . 
  i agree with him . 
  green party is considered extremist party by about third of my fellow citizens in the czech republic , including me . 
  they do n't have presence in our parliament . 
  maybe we should learn something about `` no platforming '' from the `` progressive left '' playbook . 
  exactly this !, 
  disagree . 
  right now , the eu together with some local political parties pushes my country to broaden scope of our `` hate speech laws '' ( currently only promotion of fascism or communism and holocaust denial are criminalized , if i simplify it a bit ) . 
  it 's totally unacceptable for me and together with the effort to tighten gun laws ( we have the most liberal gun laws in europe ) it 's major reason why i hope for brexit to happen - to open the path to referendum in my country ( currently only 30-40 % would vote to stay in the eu ) . 
  that 's totally unacceptable and very frightening . 
  you either have freedom of speech or you do n't have it . 
  there 's nothing in-between . 
   a woman could report that 5 guys attacked her and raped her thrice each . 
  some would count this as 1 rape and conduct one invest , sweden would file it as 15 . 
   then it turns out she made the whole thing up . 
  still counts as 15 . 
  i know that i sometimes have a bit twisted sense of humor , but i find this paragraph funny . 
  and it reminds me of a scene from the lord of the rings - where gimli tells legolas after killing a mammoth in a battle that `` it still counts as one '' . 
  ( q : `` so how many guys have raped you ? '', 
  a : `` whole soccer team . '', 
  ... `` well , it still counts as one . '' ), 
  do they count forced anal sex as a rape too ? 
  for example in my country rape is only ** vaginal ** - anal rape and forced oral sex are counted as a sexual abuse / assault , but not rape itself . 
  ( at least few years ago it was defined this way , i have n't checked that recently . ), 
  ahh , not knowing this i originally thought that grenades are preferred because they have more `` style '' compared to regular guns . 
  btw , does anyone know how many of those grenades are rocket-propelled ( rpgs ) ? 
  that 's way too much - at least for me and other supporters of `` small state '' . 
  yeah , i watched the election night coverage live and it was glorious . 
  or more than obama . 
   it might sound aweful why awful ? 
  and btw , i agree with you . 
   extreme trumphobia we see is irrational i think that it may be rational but unjustified - it 's fueled by hysterical msm coverage . 
  if you read / watch only msm and nothing else , you may start to think that trump is the devil personified and american people who elected him are insane and you do n't need to be irrational , you are only brainwashed by media . 
  but he has great one-liners ... 
  seriously though , what 's important is how the us will look like at the end of his term . 
  that will define his legacy and no one knows that yet . 
  from my point of view he 's better than hrc . 
  i 'm not sold on him yet , but i hope that he has potential to become a transformational president like e.g. 
  ronald reagan ( my benchmark for great us presidents of modern era ) . 
  if i lived in the us and were given choice between him and hrc i would vote for him . 
  i 'm lifelong conservative / right-leaning libertarian in terms of political orientation therefore i generally prefer conservative or right-leaning governments - here in the cz as well as in other countries and neighbors especially . 
  nothing special behind that . 
  resurgent left in neighboring country of germany 's size - that 's unfortunate from my point of view . 
  nope , i think that you 're mislead . 
  there 's no problem with guns and safety in the czech republic - we 're one of the safest countries in the world although ( or possibly * because * ) many people here carry guns ( me too ) . 
  same with switzerland . 
  we 're the second safest eu country in terms of homicide rate , behind only austria and far ahead of e.g. 
  the uk , germany or france : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gun_laws_in_the_czech_republic and we 're even very safe country in terms of firearm-caused homicides - safer than e.g. 
  france , sweden , italy , netherlands , belgium , etc. 
  ( although handguns are much more common here ; guns in the other eu countries are hunting or sport rifles , not handguns you would regularly carry on you ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_firearm-related_death_rate ** it 's about people and not about gun ownership . 
  ** you can disarm everyone and still have high crime and homicide rate if certain segments of population in your country have high propensity to commit violent crimes . 
  i understand your point about schengen borders and do n't want to sound negatively , but i 'm not open to compromises in this area and will always totally oppose any gun grabs . 
  why should we in a very safe country follow suit of less safe countries like the uk or france and repeat their mistakes ? 
  nope , never . 
  the thing is that if a criminal or a terrorist really wants a gun he / she will always manage to obtain one . 
  restricting legal ownership is almost irrelevant in this regard because they never use legally owned weapons anyway . 
  everything . 
  most of all the fact that i live in the most gun-friendly country in europe where majority ( including me ) wants to keep our current liberal gun laws and is pissed off by this kind of outside meddling . 
  our parliament and ministry of interior currently discuss an amendment to our constitution that would among other prevent future eu grabbing directives from taking effect here . 
  there are approx . 
  800 000 legally owned guns per population of slightly more than 10 million and these guns wo n't go away - they 'll remain , either owned legally or illegally . 
  and also , on a more general level i consider easy legal access to guns an important aspect of freedom and do n't trust governments that try to disarm their citizens . 
  retake constantinople !, 
   eu commissioner cecillia malmstr\u00f6m she was a totally despicable person , thank god she 's out .
