i love the picture of putin in that article it 's like `` are you talking about . . 
  meeee ???? 
  ^ ^ '' completely appropriate, 
  totally agree , if france and germany are a united front spain and italy will follow . 
  that would be enough resistance to make the russians think twice about it . 
  there 's both, 
  yes leave !, 
  miaow_xit now !, 
  is that ... is that ... brie ? 
  but there is logic in `` abstention = do n't agree with conditions / do n't agree with options / do n't agree or care about it '', 
  which is a reasonable assertion ... if debatable . 
  they actually did talk about stonehenge as the beginning of europe in the documentary . 
  you should watch it . 
  it was deleted so plz repost, 
  so what would happen if a policeman would accuse you of a crime you did n't commit ? 
  tough luck for you ? 
  macron is center-right ... let 's stop kidding ourselves . 
  depressing how ? 
  provided that you have something to put in ... , 
  i did n't say i did n't have no hope . 
  you keep putting words in my mouth man/woman / ??? . 
  i just said that it is hard . 
  no you did n't . 
  i never said that because he failed everyone will fail . 
  i was just pointing out that his `` attempt '' was flimsy at best . 
  hope is hard to keep when someone that had every tool to reform did n't use it . 
  he said he was a crooooook !!!!, 
  come on i mean ... that 's a relatively minor charge compared to embezzlement . 
  catastrophically disastrous half-assed attempt at it that is ... ignoring the fact the had a `` blank check '' majority in both houses . 
  i actually agree with this ... 
  us should pressure more for nato spending and eu should also pressure for reciprocity on other subjects . 
  too british ... never trust the british, 
  kosovo is n't in the eu , nato * volunteered * into the conflict and eu accepted , i mean the un accepted it 's not even the eu who decided . 
  totally unrelated . 
   funny how after we veto 'd it , none of the eu countries without the euro decided to sign up to the replacement initiative . 
  because they were n't even invited to the table since the eu initiative failed . 
  they made a ez only treaty instead . 
  the eu has nothing to do with nato . 
  this is besides the point . 
  nice red herring though , nice try, 
  and you did !!!, 
  britain used its veto to stop a eu treaty of further integration . 
  it 's a fact , it 's history !, 
  source in case some forgot what happened : https://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/dec/09/david-cameron-blocks-eu-treaty `` cameron insisted on securing concessions on , and exemptions from , eu financial markets regulation as the price of his assent to the german-led euro salvation blueprint . '', 
  this is gold , this is why the relationship between europe and britain was doomed from the beginning . 
  britain would always look for concessions for itself instead of playing in the team . 
  but free access to the biggest free trade zone in the world , opt out in finance so you can be the financial center of said zone to the detriment of continental institutions . 
  `` open borders '' you are not in schengen area so your borders are only open to the eu yet another opt-out for britain yay !, 
  / s `` no trade deals allowed with other countries '' . 
  by default you got all trade deals done between the eu and other countries such as peru , colombia and many others , most recently canada . 
  so yes you are actually allowed to have trade deals with other countries as long as the market to which britain belongs ** the market britain chose to belong ** approves in a democratic manner . 
  basically because britain is not in schengen , britain has ( seemingly ) done everything it can to stop further european integration and has only worried about its own interests all along from the beginning . 
  i mean i ca n't judge britain for looking for its own skin , it 's legitimate , but europe is also justified in asking fairness . 
  britain did n't hesitate to use its veto in integration initiatives . 
  denmark in contrast has been very supporting to the european project , i do n't mind that they have opt-outs if they are willing to participate and play along . 
  it 's like someone joining your team in football only so he can score , once he scores he leaves the team . 
  that 's not how one truly belongs to a team . 
  you used those vetoes as well besides routinely threatening to use them . 
  britain never really believed in the european project and pretty much did everything in its power to stop further european integration . 
  europe putting up to britain 's bickering i call being accomodating , being nice even if it did n't play team . 
  lol no you are the fourth contributors in proportion you pay 10 % of the total . 
  italy a much less rich nation than you pays 14 % , france ? 
  18 % and germany 20 % . 
  almost twice what the uk pays ( !!!! ) . 
  italy pays more than you ffs . 
  and you complain because your contribution is '' '' `` unfair '' '' '' ?? 
  what a joke . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union#proportional_outgoings, 
  haha totally agree !, 
  thanks !, 
  it 's much clearer now, 
  it does n't matter , it 's not about being a net contributor or not . 
  it 's about paying your fair share for belonging to a community . 
  the economic benefits britain got from belonging to the eu far outpace the meagre net contribution the uk did . 
  it 's like complaining for having to pay access to a market where you make a profit . 
  net contributors with a special rebate and almost none of the disadvantages of belonging to the community . 
  no tariffs on all british goods entering the continent but still not paying the fair share in comparison to france or germany for example . 
  a half partner in short . 
  what did the eu pay for in britain ? 
  wales ? 
  probably one of the regions that gets the most eu subsidies ... 
  lol so that means the eu can get back all the buildings we paid for allover britain aswell ? 
  it 's only fair right ? 
  god i really really hope that the eu will not give any gifts to britain . 
  it 's been decades of the eu being accomodating to that island . 
  no more exceptions !, 
  no more unfair deals to europeans ... 
  i can only hope ... 
  pretty much, 
  that immitation sucks tho :(, 
  except ... it did n't . 
  france got more investment than britain by venture capitalists in startups in 2016 . 
  this measure does n't scare away investment . 
  hahaha yeah how those same bankers saved the economy in 2008 ? 
  they are charlatans they know nothing . 
  a 35h workweek stimulates employment of a larger workforce . 
  it 's a social measure . 
  fillon will probably resign as a candidate , day to day his position is more and more untenable . 
  and i am sick and tired of voting for the less worse option . 
  sick of it .
