  hamon is aligned with my convictions , his proposals are good , he has even written research books based on such proposals ffs . 
  he is solid from what i can tell . 
   his program is a hard core defense of democracy , our social rights ( freedom of speech , religion , sexual orientation , etc ) . 
  lol care to point me where his program even is ? 
  he has no program . 
  just vague promises . 
  it 's all smokescreen . 
  we have no idea what his presidency would be like . 
  no idea . 
  macron is a rothschild banker that will put worker 's rights at risk , he wo n't get my vote . 
  besides he has no program , no proposals , nothing , just really vague promises . 
  i sincerely hope he does n't win . 
  hamon is a better bet . 
  if we take the entire history of both nations i think the us is more militaristic . 
  if we take current affairs russia is more militaristic ( basically because it does n't have the political or economical power to intimidate ) . 
  so i guess we can agree on that . 
  invasion of panama invasion of cuba invasion of irak invasion of nicaragua ... 
  i can go on you know, 
   and his social media showed that he 's a far right militant . 
  source ?? 
  i thought this was hearsay ? 
  lol dude the us is the reference of a militaristic country . 
  they violate airspace all the time . 
  and agressive intimidation is always the first choice for the us . 
  so am screwed , if i use it i may be attacked , if i do n't i may be attacked ... 
  wtf ? 
  in your face britain !, 
  `` excess coverage '' ? 
  what is that ? 
   the fresh manpower that america had brought to the war was used to replace the french , british , and commonwealth troops on the western front who were sitting around in trenches doing nothing just to make sure the germans could n't advance . 
  wow , sustaining artillery barrages , german assaults and mustard gas is now called `` doing nothing '' ... such chauvinism, 
  see ? 
  even you , trying to be `` historically accurate '' ` forgot ' france . 
  you are just proving our point . 
  note that our president has significant power he is in no way equivalent to the queen ( the queen has power sure but never uses it ) . 
  it really depends on the country , some , like france , have both and both have significant power . 
  of course britain does n't have a president so noone should have one !, 
  seems logical to me !, 
  then you 'll wait a looong time . 
  i 'm willing to bet they can wait more than you . 
  if they do n't take the boat by force, 
  exactly linked to the problem i cited, 
  this should get gold but i 'm poor so have reddit [ silver ] ( http://imgur.com/sy9lvl4 ) ^ notsureifimallowedtogivesilverbutidc sorry am noob, 
  one problem i see with this would be how do you force the people in your boat to unboard once in libya ? 
  there should be an exception for stuff like this . 
  ( and exclude giving karma to the poster ), 
  [ sorry ... so sorry ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ypuz1wyens ), 
   and the parliament 's buildings in brussels , erected 24 years ago , are in such poor condition that they need either large-scale renovations or a complete demolition and reconstruction . 
  this , french politicians are keen to highlight , could take up to ten years , during which time the parliament could adopt a single seat ... in strasbourg . 
  nope ... it potentially does cost more . 
   and the parliament 's buildings in brussels , erected 24 years ago , are in such poor condition that they need either large-scale renovations or a complete demolition and reconstruction . 
  this , french politicians are keen to highlight , could take up to ten years , during which time the parliament could adopt a single seat ... in strasbourg . 
  crap color scheme . 
  just wondering , what is , to you , the french equivalent of alabama ? 
  ok look ... we just have a general aversion towards you but it 's just because we consider you our oldest rival . 
  the music you make is pretty decent-good . 
  we 'll give you that . 
  there are much more than 13 countries with those incomes . 
  so this list comes from somewhere else . 
  common sense . 
  35 million is peanuts ... 
   today , of the 13 middle-income countries with average incomes of $ 10,000 to $ 15,000 , nine are still dependent on commodity exports , including brazil , russia and argentina . 
  the other four are all in eastern europe , led by poland . 
  where can one find this list ? 
  this map is shit , the colors are shit we ca n't see a difference , the stats are doubtful specially for spain france and germany ... shit shit shit, 
  finally ffs, 
  republican conspiracy118 !, 
  too bad there 's a segment of frankfurt not paris in this ... 
  shit survey , biased questions . 
  the thing is scale . 
  the us does it in such a scale it is really hard to ignore . 
  europeans at least try to pretend to help the natives while doing so . 
  europe has n't done it in america . 
  but the contrary has happened , just look at the antitrust cases against microsoft and google in europe . 
  the us just buys off other companies with money . 
  it 's not even the r&d investment . 
  and i was rather thinking about corporate dumping and corrupted practices done by far too many us corporations . 
  united fruit company , exxon mobil to mention two ... 
   so if this is the start of a trade war , meh , at least america is hitting people & corporations that actually desetve it in a justifiable manner . 
  lol really ? 
  america has been doing corporate dumping allover the world . 
  america has been destroying tech companies allover the world man . 
  wake up . 
  exactly . 
  it 's not a sub full of uk haters . 
  it is just lucid about the situation and the loooong awaited divorce . 
  the uk should 've never been accepted in . 
  de gaulle was right . 
  this is good !, 
  i just hope the administrators wo n't make the money misteriously disappear . 
  it 's because it 's not . 
  `` people with knowledge of the matter '' sorry we do n't have any sources but we loooooove to speculate :d, 
  totally triggered, 
  at least nurses will be better paid ... right ? 
  how ???? 
  hahahahha this made my laugh, 
   which is 14eur from paris center . 
  not really relevant this time ... 
  `` you will be delighted to hear we are on schedule . 
  two hundred thousand units are ready , with another million well on the way ... '',
