  this places was created in the 50 's -60 's in order to destroy the parisian slums and to push away the immigrants and the poors from the downtown of the cities to promote tourism . 
  you can find everything you need ( shops , football and basketball fields , schools , ... etc. 
  except jobs ) in `` cit\u00e9 '' mainly because politicians do n't want people to get out of it . 
  this and the discrimination against population that come from the `` cit\u00e9s '' created the main problem that we have today with this places , communautarism and the `` big brothers policies '' . 
  some cit\u00e9s are now controled by muslim extremists and it 's clearly not places that you want to visit . 
  worst idea ever . 
  at least france ca n't do it , it would be neo colonialism . 
  nowadays , we still speak about the `` fran\u00e7afrique '' , half of the candidates during the elections asked to stop it since it encourage immigration and only profit to france . 
  a `` marshall plan '' would just make europe wealthier and africa more submissive . 
  the african union is doing great just let them organized their shit ffs , they are not children or animals that we have to guide . 
  if we really want to help them we just have to stop our companies from stealing their ressources , stop the franc cfa and continue to help them to deal with jihadism . 
  le monde and mediapart are pretty good too, 
  french keyboards are azerty . 
  the answer is pretty obvious . 
  i would , of course , build a wall . 
  there are no ' \u00e9 ' in english , they just stole some of our words ( like we do ) and they kept the same spelling . 
  the funny part is that people who support her are used to complain about how bad is socialism and how stupid are socialists but when you read her program it 's all about socialism ... 
  i 'm not saying that she 's hitler or whatever but the best word to describe her program his `` national socialism '' . 
  le pen is just another indicator about the political situation in this damn world . 
  people do n't trust `` traditional '' politicians anymore and so they are ready to trust anybody who claim that he 's not from the system ( even if like le pen he is part of it for more then 40 yrs ) . 
  you can compare the popularity of basketball in france with the popularity of soccer in the us , it used to be a sport for children and now it becomes more and more popular . 
  i 'm a nba fans but it 's very hard to watch the games since they take place in the middle of the night . 
  the superbowl is broadcast but except the few fans of this sport and people who watch it in order to tell you that they watch it , nobody cares about it . 
  hockey is a bit more popular because it 's easy to bet on this sport ( less surprise than in soccer for example ) but it 's still uncommon to meet someone who know the sharks for example . 
  nobody cares about baseball . 
  in fact people began to use it in france because it was banned . 
  never saw someone wearing before, 
  i went in croatia 10 years ago . 
  you live in a beautiful country dude . 
  the answer is pretty obvious . 
  dude it was a strange night . 
  i was just watching the football match ( france-germany ) and we all heard this noise during the game , everybody thought it was a firecracker or another shit but clearly not someone who blew himself in front of the stadium . 
  then i remember comentators were speaking less and less and they finally said `` something terrible is happening tonight , there will be a flash news right after the game '' . 
  i still did n't know what was going on so i decided to switch the channel and , man , this feeling when you understand that dozens of people are dying right now in your own country , when you see places that you know , when you know that they are killing the hostages ... that was a really strange feeling . 
  i did n't sleep that night . 
  i also remember that some days after at the uni , a teacher decided to speak about it just before the lesson and she ended crying like a child , and nobody was talking . 
  yeah the atmosphere was really strange for at least a month and people were affraid about everything , every sounds in the street , even a car . 
  every body was saying `` i 'm not affraid '' all day long to convince themselves that they were n't but they clearly were . 
  link for the noise during the game : https://youtu.be/ysswjjata3s, 
  mutilate ? 
  ok you obvioulsy do n't know what you are talking about, 
  why on earth would you ban it ? 
  i mean if you consider it as an abuse we can consider a lot of thing as an abuse . 
  giving a name to your child is an abuse , let him choose . 
  giving life to your child is an abuse , let him choose . 
  it 's not like if there was no benefits at all , it can protect you of some diseases ( not really efficient but it 's proven ) and doing it when you 're a child allow you to do n't remember about the shit . 
  you do n't have to stop working because of it . 
  i 'm from a north african family and circumcision is like a gift here . 
  we speak about a small piece of skin around your penis . 
  as always you do n't have to bring your lights and your knowledge to the barbaric cultures . 
  people are doing it for more than 4.000 years so they really do n't mind about what you think . 
  and like someone said , ban it and people will continue to do it and it would be really dangerous for the child . 
  you know , like me , that erdogan is a smart guy . 
  he would never organize a refrendum if there was one chance for him to lose it . 
  why would we accept turkey in the eu when you are dealing with russia and syria . 
  you does n't even respect the human rights which is an important condition to be part of the eu . 
  if erdogan 's ministers are able to organize their meetings here in france it 's just because of our laws , but do n't think that we are not supporting netherlands . 
  not sure for france . 
  i mean the two favorites for the presidential election are a woman from the far right party and a man with no party . 
  also two of our three great presidential figures ( de gaulle and chirac ) were not really left or right . 
  maybe french people will try to kill me for this words but remember the fact that chirac asked to vote for hollande in 2012 . 
  when you want to force another country to change , the situation is worst 10 years later . 
  the usa proved it a few times . 
  when a country have to change it comes from the inside . 
  the only exception is when people are dying like in syria . 
  trying to know if to put a baton into people 's assholes is a rape or just a good way to immobilize them . 
  in france there are a lot of smokers so it 's seems like a normal thing . 
  but there is the `` healthy fitness vegan gluten free movement '' so of course being a smoker has been demonize a bit . 
  i 'm not a smoker but it does not bother me as long as you do n't put your smoke in my face . 
  i use to laugh about smokers and how ridiculous it is to do this thing but i 'll not harass people because of that , it 's their problem . 
  the government is trying so hard to fight against smokers , you should watch what cigarette packages look like in france it 's creepy af, 
  in france , it 's not really free because if you have a tv or a computer ( yes ) you have to pay a taxe to finance the public channels . 
  it 's something like 120 $ / year but i 'm not sure . 
  we have 27 `` free '' channels : * 1 . 
  tf1 ( tf1 group is the most powerful media holding company in europe ) * 2 . 
  france 2 ( public ) * 3 . 
  france 3 ( public ) * 4 . 
  canal + ( only some programs are free ) * 5 . 
  france 5 ( public ) * 6 . 
  m6 ( some random programs but owner of my favorite football club `` girondins de bordeaux '' so a really good channel , you have to watch it ) * 7 . 
  arte ( germany and france are co-owner of this channel ) * 8 . 
  direct 8 ( owned by canal + ) * 9 . 
  w9 ( owned by m6 ) * 10 . 
  tmc ( owned by tf1 ) * 11 . 
  nt1 ( owned by tf1 ) * 12 . 
  nrj12 ( full bullshit , reality shows ) * 13 . 
  lcp ( it diffuses the debates of the assembly and the senate so a public channel i suppose ) * 14 . 
  france 4 ( public ) * 15 . 
  bfm tv ( the favorite channel of marine lepen ) * 16 . 
  i-tele ( info channel , owned by canal + ) * 17 . 
  direct star ( owned by canal + ) * 18 . 
  gulli ( kid programs ) * 19 . 
  france o ( public ) * 20 . 
  hd1 ( owned by tf1 ) * 21 . 
  6ter ( owned by m6 ) * 23 . 
  num\u00e9ro 23 ( nobody watch it ) * 24 . 
  rmc decouverte ( documentaries and american thigns like storage wars ) * 25 . 
  cherie 25 ( nobody watch it ) * 26 . 
  lci ( owned by tf1 ) * 27 . 
  france info ( public ),
