you mean an imaginary message of united europe of imaginary pixels ? 
  cmon dude , it 's for fun . 
  italy did n't want to drop out their first flag anyway , they could n't have defend both of them . 
  spain already have a flag too ( 752,749 ), 
  i mean we let the european flag at the middle of our ones . 
  i gave the 5 reasons just below your comment and none are because of nationalism . 
  you can add that we have a deal with the guys who are building the van gogh painting . 
  we will only take the blue ones, 
  we got invaded 3 times in 2 days 2 . 
  we have projects for this part of the flag 3 . 
  you already have your big flag and we already let the european flag in the middle 4 . 
  we worked hard for it 5 . r/europe did n't even ask us before, 
  we helped you to keep the `` iceland '' banner instead of the `` islam '' one and now you betrayed us ? 
  we worked hard for a day to keep our flag safe and to keep this megaman and you come without asking us before , destroy megaman , take a quarter of our flag and ask us why we do n't cooperate ? 
  there are already two european flag and a giant italian flag . 
  we have proposed to r/italy to put their flag on the left and they agreed , at least a part of them but you do n't care about that . 
  just follow this, 
  what about create a schema for the stars ? 
  because it definitely does n't look like the european flag at this very moment . 
  we are taking our revenge right now . 
  i like cheminade . 
  i have been hearing about him since i was a child . 
  still here . 
  still less than 1 % . 
  still trying . 
  still never meet someone who support him, 
  and why on earth would we particularly like to speak english ? 
  if you want to follow the polls [ les echos ] ( https://www.lesechos.fr/elections/presidentielle-2017/0211739192332-sondage-le-suivi-quotidien-de-la-presidentielle-2062937.php#xtor=cs1-25 ) are updating their poll daily with a follow-up for the past week . 
  http://www.lemonde.fr/les-decodeurs/article/2017/02/16/chomage-deficit-pib-dessinez-vous-meme-le-bilan-de-francois-hollande-en-9-graphiques_5080553_4355770.html i 'm not pro hollande but the real problem of his presidency was communication . 
  when you watch the figures , he could have been re elected if he had been able to communicate in a better way . 
  fillon wo n't give up . 
  even if jupp\u00e9 become the lr candidate , fillon will continue without the support of the parti . 
  i 'm not sure that juppe will replace fillon . 
  the party is out of money , they have a debt of 60m $ . 
  i do n't know how they will finance a whole new campaign . 
  and even if juppe is candidate , fillon wo n't give up and burn juppe chances to win . 
  yeah , sorry my bad . 
  are you sure about eu27 ? 
  i mean it would surprise me if scotland does n't have a referendum before 2025, 
  h\u00e9 ca n't know that at this very moment . 
  when he ask if `` it 's nothing serious '' he 's probably thinking about a terorist attack, 
  i worked 4 months in a mcdonald 's . 
  if one day i 'm a candidate for the presidential election i would n't be the `` mc donald 's candidate who stand for the american imperialism '', 
  i did n't even know that it was french , shame on me ... 
  i 've the full collection of `` once upon a time ... man '' . 
  once upon a time series were commonly used in my primary shcool . 
  erdogan 's blackmail about migrants and the fact that your country did n't tried to fight agains isis and maybe trade with them destroyed turkey 's reputation really quickly . 
  also there are some obvious issues with human rights and with the kurds . 
  well i was present at the uni and i was present in a classroom when mohamed merah killed the jewish kids . 
  i did n't say that american medias do n't know anything about france , i just say that french people and french medias know more about france than them . 
  american medias proved this many times during the presidential elections and with the `` no go zones '' shit . 
  just to let you know a 8 years-old children has been sent to the police station because he did n't respect the minute of silence , autorities are taking this shit seriously . 
  we 're not even speaking about hundreds of children but dozens , among a community of 5 millions people and you speak like french muslims were rioting . 
  oh escuse me sir , i tell you that i lived in this areas and you reply that articles made by american people who lived in america are a better indication ... after the charlie hebdo attacks , an enormous majority of the children , even muslim , has respected the minute of silence . 
  children who did n't respect it were such a minority that an isolate case made a huge polemic . 
  also `` the demographic of these population '' is just the same than for french families because we are in france , imigrated woman are not cows who are pregnant every time , the two only 10 + families i 've met in my whole life were christians . 
  france is n't an underdeveloped country ffs . 
  i wo n't debate with you about national proud since there are fucking huge diff\u00e9rences about this point between europe and the us but a country who ask for patriotism does n't deserve it . 
  and booing the national anthem is not a mainstream thing in the muslim community , i talked about supporting the other side , not dislike the french one . 
  also secularism in france is more threatened by christians than muslims since the only candidate to the presidential elections who said that he was from a religion and influenced by its tradition was the christian francois fillon and there are no political muslim party except the pmf who didnt made more than 2 % even in the cit\u00e9s . 
  tl ; dr : you 're making an exageration about a situation that you obviously do n't know . 
  to speak about that with you is pointless since i speak about a situation i lived and you answer with nytimes articles . 
  i do n't know why this is upvoted at this point since it 's totally biased and mainly wrong . 
  i used to live in a `` cit\u00e9 '' for some years and a great part of my family are still living in it , a lot of my friends are in too . 
  i 've never ever heard someone being supportive with terrorists literraly never . 
  i wo n't say that it does n't exists , because it does , but it 's not a common opinion at all . 
  a lot of people will be likely to support their second country in a football match against france but it 's mainly because of the `` challenger feeling '' and to be different . 
  to boo the national anthem is not a common thing either except for the teenagers , you just live in a clich\u00e9s op . 
  in the 60 's the government decide that the slums are n't good for tourism , they decide to build this great towers with really cheap rent to put the poor people inside of it . 
  they also put some stores and services so people do n't have to go out of the cit\u00e9s , this way poor people and immigrants lives together and are isolated from the rest of the population . 
  that 's the purpose of the cit\u00e9s . 
  the main example of that is `` la cit\u00e9 des 4000 '' litterally 4000 social housing in 4 enormous building , what could have gone wrong ? 
  and here we are , 60 years after , complaining about how strong is comunautarism in this areas . 
  some areas has been left by the police decades ago ( i 've seen some crazy shit , literally a mcdrive of drugs open 24/24 , it existence was well known and the police did n't do anything for years ) and public investments has decreased , it has been replaced by investments from qatar and saudi arabia . 
  when you hear about problems like this one , it always happen in the same cities ( sevran , bobigny , la courneuve , ... ) . 
  it does n't represents the situation of every cit\u00e9s in france but it represents how bad the situation can become if the state does n't react with massive investments . 
  it has nothing to do with immigration but with influence from the gulf , poverty , frustration and lack of opportunity . 
  tl ; dr : this is just a big exageration full of clich\u00e9 . 
  the cit\u00e9s are certainly not a paradise and the state has to react but it 's not full of black and angry arabs who burn every french things and support terrorism . 
  a bit too soon but thank you, 
  ok . have a good day . 
  phimosis can mostly be detected as a child so you do n't need to circumcised everybody preventively , just people who suffer from something like that . 
  the main difference between removing the foreskin and nipples is esthetism . 
  the child would suffer from mockery and that would be bad for him . 
  i honestly do n't see any other drawbacks . 
  yes . 
  as you can see i 'm still alive , i 'm not hating my life and i love my parents . 
  but just wtf ? 
  what the fuck you do n't understand ? 
  where did i say that everybody need to be circumcised ? 
  i 'm just saying that it 's not useless and you 're reacting like if i said that if you do n't do it you 'll die . 
  i 'm just answering to your equally absurd comment in which you basically say that `` circumcision is a useless in the modern world ancient ritual , no different if we were cutting the tips of kids ' years to make them look more `` elfish '' or to appease an ancient religion . 
  no one needs it or actually ends up wanting it when they grow up - it 's only done out of tradition or religion to children against their will . 
  it should n't be legal . '', 
  it 's not `` useless in the modern world '' since it saves lives , if you want quality answers then you have to provide quality content . 
  i will be downvoted but i do n't care i have enough comment karma to face it . 
  this thread is the perfect example of `` occidental people know what is good for you '' it 's digusting . 
  circumcision is not just a mutilation or whatever you want to call it . 
  first , it can be performed for medical issues , sometimes preventively since the problems can appear at the age of 16 ~ 18 , it also prevents frenum issues . 
  be circumcised during the adulthood is very contraignant since it 's painful at the begining and you will not totally recover before 2 or 3 weeks , you also ca n't have sex for a month .
