  ( contain them before they spread their language all over the place :d ), 
  it looks beautiful . 
  think about all the oil and industry , though !, 
  they left ? 
  fockin ' commies !, 
  for ze german lands , right ist ze only option !, 
  but is it the ideas fault or is the fault of its executors ? 
  i would tend to say the latter are responsible . 
  which means , you can still vow for the eu but despise its current actors . 
  me is simple austrian . 
  we have to come . 
  if we would n't aid and defend you in such a case , the whole project would face a tremendous crisis of credibility and no sane person wants such a blow . 
  which is why we will come . 
  you fucks might have wasted a lot of money for weird things in the past , but still , urop-brethren and stuff . 
  on an unrelated note : gieb gyros !, 
  and it is a fucking shame that some economical fetishists try to fuck you guys up economically in the meantime . 
  in my humble opinion the eu-members should show much more support to you guys and help you to get the social security and economy back on track , without all the corruption and inefficiency . 
  not taking away your pensions and shit . 
  : / now it is time for european solidarity . 
  europeans , being lovely as always . 
  a very important credencial if you want to enter the european club . 
  my condolences to our neighbours . 
  what should be fixed in your opinion ? 
  ( serious question ), 
  is this really a thing there ? 
  despite i fully recognise the accomplishments of the red army in its fight against the invading wehrmacht , i have to say that other involvements of course had a negative effect on the wehrmachts options . 
  first , the italian incompetence and lack of patience caused the germans to not only withdraw considerable amount of troops to aid mussolini in the capture of the balcans and greece and nothern africa but also postboned the date for the invasion of soviet territory ( which happened rather late in the year ) . 
  all that helped to disperse the german forces to some degree , which defintiely helped the red army to finally halt the german advance ( despite all the wrong and late decisions and completely unneccessary losses ) . 
  but their governments are aware of that as well . 
  and they will use this to pressure the europeans to do not execute any cuts . 
  i think that showing the strong will to cut the aid completely if they do not take back their own citizens will be a rather effective incentive to make them comply . 
  because vienna stronk !, 
  ! 1 i assume because there already is a big serbian community in the city , it is n't that far away from serbia and it has universities that , from a quality of research perspective are not that bad . 
  which might be the reason for a considerable influx of people from southeast and eastern europe . 
  i am somewhat concerned about the loss of technical skill by losing all the workers . 
  if nearly none has to do work and suddenly - do to what reason so ever - the robots break down , we would lack the skilled and experienced workers to keep up the work . 
  i am not sure if this is a good option . 
  it is more about only relying on them as a `` single hammer argument '' . 
  do you really think that you will convince someone to change his or her view on lepen or right wing ideology in general because you called them a racist ? 
  i would highly doubt that . 
  you will have a much higher chance to convince people if you use actual arguments why the moderate candidate is the better choice . 
  be precise and polite instead of hurling things at people which make them to harden up and deny discussion completely . 
  i 'd rather see a moderate party win the election . 
  if the price for this is - among other things like more credibility and actual eagerness to improve peoples lifes from the moderate politicians - to avoid calling rightwingers `` nazis , racists , etc '' , i would gladly pay this price . 
  now i had to refresh my knowledge about spains history . 
  oh sweet lord , even your username is historically relevant . 
  mad props for this !, 
  this dude is asking the real questions !, 
  and more mobile tactical cookie bakeries . 
  please disperse , nothing to see here !, 
  damn . 
  what kind of reactor is it ? 
  one that uses water as moderator or a model with graphitte-rods ? 
  hahahaha . 
  good healthcare and good education . 
  rights . 
  indeed , all these things exist there . 
  if you have the money to afford them . 
  otherwise : not for everyone in the same quality and quanitity . 
  and this is already the main part of the answer to your question . 
  ( sry if my post sounds offensive to you , that is not my intention . 
  it was more a cynical laughter ) . 
  * wendelstein intensifies *, 
  if you take the good sides of it and leave away most of the bad sides , it is still better than working to increase climate change . 
  look , it isnt my intention to defend every policy claim by clinton . 
  she is history . 
  nontheless it is a matter of fact that most republicans tend to have a much more damaging approach towards nature than democrats have . 
  the latter are no saints , but they are at least more open to persuation to protect nature . 
  republicans usually are not ( anymore ) . 
  i am not advocating for clinton ( i consider her - on a policiy level - more or less equal to moderate republicans ) . 
  i am only saying that climate change is a problem which needs an effective and swift reaction to keep the damage to us all somewhat low . 
  of course not everything works wonderful from the first moment . 
  that usually never happens . 
  but it is still a difference if you at least try to do something or if you dont even try and start to work in the opposite direction . 
  would you mind to provide a source for that ? 
  and btw : no , it is not this `` both side are equally evil and thus we can not judge someone harshly '' - thing . 
  climate change is a real problem . 
  and there is only one side whose mayority of politicians try to prevent any counter measures against climate change . 
  and conservatives all over the world keep saying : nothing to see here , climate change is the product of a lying lobby of enemies of the west !, 
  i am well aware that conservatives are not an homogenous evil block and i am also aware that other parties are not the manifestation of all good either . 
  never be monocausal . 
  `` also '' lowering taxes for the poor while the primary purpose is to cut them for the rich ? 
  which spares the rich a lot more money than the poor , which subsequently is missing in the public social services , which usually are only needed by the poor . 
  this is not liberal bias . 
  this is the harsh reality of millions of people who have to see their living quality , their health , their future crushed by the mindgame and economical fetishes of a rather small group of people . 
  people , who would rather see millions of people in despair and the environment devastated than to let go of some of their money and allow a fair and dignified distribution of it by the state . 
  that isnt just conservatism . 
  this is greed , egoism and a damaging kind of ideological blindness that ruins peoples lives and the environment . 
  but yeah , go ahead defending it and depicting these hardcore conservatives as the acutal victims because they ca n't easily amass wealth and power as fast as they want . 
  yeah , their sacrifice deserves a lot of credit !, 
  oh , do they ? 
  in absolute figures , maybe , yes . 
  in relative figures ? 
  why is it that they always talk about justice , equality before the law , protection from the powerful and individual rights but on the other hand try to lower taxes on the rich , although these people are the ones who can afford to give the most ? 
  isnt that a bit hypocritical and shows a tendency to just get the best personal bargain ? 
  i am aware on that but i am also sad about it . 
  also : we stole enough from other cusines and labeled it as our own , so we have a lot to offer culinaricly speaking . 
  the `` talented '' thing is a balant lie . 
  his orders are the main reason why the soviet union had such horrendous casualties . 
  his purges also massively contributed to that situation .
