  western and central europe is not responsible for these structural deficits , but it pays anyways , since it is to our all advantage . 
  i might oversee something , but in exchange there were some kind words and a lot of criticism from eastern european neighbours . 
  that is ok and normal . 
  but what else have the eastern members of the eu done for the project ? 
  where was your substancial help to other member states , which would justify to say `` we did already enough in exchange , this is too much ! '' ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i have a huge cultural boner for eastern europe but i am still not able to see why you guys consider it too much to ask for to take and shelter some refugees as well . 
  these are mainly families and young people , capable of working long for your social systems , not weapon slinging hordes . 
  if you spread them over the country , there wo n't be ghettos , they will mainly assimilate . 
  those , who do n't want to , can go home and that 's it . 
  but instead a lot of your politicians spread fear and nationalism as if we europeans would be near extinction due to some refugees from the middle east . 
  i mean , you are sovereign states , if you do n't want to , you do n't have to , that is ok . 
  but then , it is also valid for other countrys to overthink , if they still want to send money to you . 
  how would you react , if you give loads of money to your neighbour to help him , but when it is the time to lend a hand as well , he swears and shows you the middle finger ? 
  take the beating and tell your wife and kids back home , that this is ok and you want to give him money anyways ? 
  as much as your politicians need to appease their public ours have to do as well . 
  thus , intelligent cooperations seems much more favourable to me than refusing to compromise at all . 
  because hell sinks in . 
  wonderful replies . 
  take my upvote , sir . 
  for austria : the chancellorship of bruno kreisky . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bruno_kreisky he and his party managed to end up with a absolute majority in the parliament for three consecutive elections from 1971 on until 1983 . 
  it is said about him that he not only transformed the country from a rather backwards orientated and unimportant country into a politically and economically at least somewhat relevant actor in international politics but that he also established more educational and social equality and security inside the country . 
  under his reign - he had the nickname `` sonnenk\u00f6nig '' after louis xiv . 
  - there were also heavy investments into public infrastructure , public housing and public enterprises . 
  despite several scandals among his partymen - the usual corruption and mismanagement stuff , which also forced him to get rid of his successor in spe hannes androsch , who did n't fullfill the hopes kreisky had set in him - kreisky himself stayed unscatched . 
  my personal guess is that he had no need for corruption himself since he had a lot of money on his own . 
  it is btw not commonly known that he was a non-observant jew , which is in so far remarkable as austria never had a proper de-nazification . 
  it might also might have played a role in his middle-eastern politics , at least symbolically . 
  agreed . 
  happend all the time back int he days during cold war and even then no world war was even remotely in sight . 
  at least not because of that . 
  i would also like to know why that is a myth . 
  with a different motive though , because unlike my beloved countryman i am quite into stucco . 
  dat comparison . 
  the only mistakes he made were `` bekommt '' instead of `` bekommen '' and a comma too much in front of `` und '' . 
  these are minor mistakes , which are negligable . 
  i do n't understand why you are freaking out about that . 
  only didnt upvote because you currently have 88 upvotes . 
  i think it is n't the `` being pan-german '' - thing itself , that causes concern . 
  it is more about the things , that are usually perceived as attached to this idea such as narrow-minded chauvinism , intolerance , praising `` the german race '' as superior and similar things . 
  i am personally a left-to-center-person and nontheless i feel more related to our german neighbours than to our baltic or portugese homies for example ( no offense , baltics/portugese guys :d ) . 
  might even be some sort of pan-germanism . 
  but i despise all the other things listed above , mostly because they cause so much injustice and completely unneccessary pain for a lot of people . 
  thank you for this insight . 
  interesting to read . 
  indeed . 
  in the end the communists also supported attaturks independence-movement with money and weapons , which were crucial to avoid a complete cutdown of turkey . 
  without this support , turkey would have lost huge chunks of land to armenia , greece , italy , the brits and the french . 
  who needs small talk when you can communicate via orders ? 
  ( obviously this question excludes people from english-speaking countries ) - racism !, 
  i think , the maybe wanted to avoid open landscape-battles without trenchwarfare . 
  the eastern front was - due to its size and its rather low troopdensity per squarekilometer - a rather mobile front . 
  thus the use of trenches was - although not completely unknown - limited . 
  still , i think the eastern front would be a very interesting scenario . 
  the siege of przemy\u015bl for example or the fights in tannenberg would also include close-quarter-combat . 
  the brussilow-offensive or the joint german/k . u.k-counteroperations would be an interesting setting as well . 
  which could actually be good for the turkish people in the long term . 
  his politics will lead the country into not so funny times ( at least i assume that ) . 
  he will most likely not allow a capable successor to establish himself . 
  meaning that after erdogan leaves offices there might be a vacuum and a period of even further decline and missmanagement - politically , economically and from an administrative point of view . 
  in the long term this could make the majority of the turkish people look over to europe and see how things can develop , if managed with a more rational and `` rule-of-law `` ish approach . 
  that might make them think about demanding a proper democratic and sekular system . 
  there are still enough clever and open minded people over there as well as here in europe , who could be the backbone of such a movement . 
  indeed . 
  time to explore our neighbours beautiful landscapes instead of going abroad . 
  * scnr * < 3, 
  could we ? 
  as far as i know we heavily rely on american satellite footage to detect such buildups . 
  and even if we know . 
  i think that the mobilization time for a big russian force is considerably lower than our ability to bring all the men from all over europe in positon , fortify positions there , acclimate and get trained in a single command structure . 
  i wish we could repell any kind of attack from anyone instantly but i am afraid we are not for now . 
  we definitely could stand such a fight , if it starts with low intensity and gives us time to build up , but a fast and bold move would put us into considerable trouble . 
  on the paper , i agree . 
  in reality though , we have our military dispearsed over the subcontinent , we have different mobilisationtimes , we have no common commandstructure , we lack integration as in swapping units from their nations officers to others if neccessary , we have different vehicles and weaponsystems all over the place , etc , etc. . all these seemingly small things make a fast and hard reaction in such a case very hard if not even unachieveable . 
  if a dedicated and motivated big army comes our way , it could reach warsaw within weeks , if not even faster , while half of the memberstates might still try to gather all their equipment and ammunition to set their soldiers in movement . 
  in the end the baltics and the polish would face the full brunt of the storm before reinforcements from germany and france could somehow intervene ( despite air forces , of course ) . 
  all that means that such an attack could allow the attacker to gain vast areas of land and dig in , until we are even able to stop their spearheads . 
  and attacking harshly defended positions with mostly untested men , partly outdated material , a lack of experienced leadership and limited ressources of soldiers doesnt look very promising to me . 
  russia has a big influence over the assad-regime but so has iran with its vast aid in the form of experienced officers , many men ( mostly afghans , who were promised to get iranian citizenship/legal residence for fighting there ) and equipment . 
  it is not as easy as it seems . 
  when someone shows up with tanks and guns at your doorstep , you will most likely not be very successful in stopping him via waving a papersheet saying `` europe has the better statistical numbers , you have no chance '' . 
  that said i do not think that it is in russias interest to start a war with europe . 
  turkish forces are pushing into the north of syria . 
  on goal seems to be to dispearse any `` danger '' of a kurdish controlled area , directly next to the turkish border ( which would resemble ethnical distribution ) . 
  the other one is to - at least to some extent - fight the is-fuckheads . 
  especially in engagements around the city of al-bab , turkey tried several times to take the city and its outskirts and was repelled . 
  apparently during this process they lost at least one leopard 2a4 and several apcs and similar vehicles , maybe more . 
  the leo-loss ( es ) might be due to a combination of bad tactics , an experienced and well equipped enemy and the fact , that these leos usually do not have the updates to withstand modern atgms ( just normal armor , which is n't that effective against modern at-rocket-warheads ) . 
  the turkish had to at least destroy one of the damaged and given up leopard-tanks via air strike . 
  the picture of the aftermath of this incident was used by the is-murderers to claim a total destruction via ammoracking the tank . 
  they also photographed the same wreck at different days , times and angles to make it appear that they took out several ones . 
  they also blew a wreck up and claimed that it was the result of a direct penetrating and ammoracking hit during battle when it in fact was n't . 
  there is also a picture of a new turkish altay tank ( the turkish k2-copy from south korea ) floating around somewhere , combined with the claim that it was also captured during the fights for al-bab . 
  was only one source and was n't mentioned by any others so it might be just a picture taken out of context . 
  yepp , i second that . 
  hmm . 
  we might should just take the big cities in , then . ^ ^, 
  i also never heard of a deathcamp there . 
  over here !, 
  i found the weird latinspeakers !!!,
