did you notice that the op seems to have deleted her profile ? 
  _ eastern roman empire which for more than a millennium gave its people peace and prosperity . _ i disagree . 
  i recently read a book about the history of byzantinum and it was full of emperors egoism , the killing of people because they had the `` false '' believe ( who before lived in peace inside the empire ) and oppressive governmental activites . 
  this did not happen all the time , but it did happen . 
  the byzantinum empire was not such a glorious place as it is depicted sometimes . 
  you are indeed right , being decentralized does not automatically mean to be successful . 
  although it was my intention to say , that decentralization does not automatically mean chaos , it is not the guarantee for the opposite either . 
  the decentralization in germany , switzerland or austria had also grown over the centuries , which supports your point of view . 
  the heaviest argumentative hit from you is the fact , that decentralization would not work during wartimes . 
  this is completely true and is the reason why i proposed mutual interventionforces to generate peace . 
  if this does not happen , decentralization is the first step to a falling-apart-state ( i think leonid kutchma is right with this point of view ) . 
  so what is needed ? 
  i myself want ukraine to be truly democratic , with fundamental rights , which are actually respected by the authorities ( not like currently / or the state in russia ) . 
  but to achieve that , ukraine needs peace . 
  a solid peace with the goal to rebuild the country from both sides . 
  the longer the conflict lasts , the more gets damaged ( peoples minds , their porperty , relations among eu and russia , etc ) . 
  if everyone can keep his face , there is no need for more bloodshed . 
  the russians want decentralization ( to keep their face ) . 
  but this does not automatically mean `` no fundamental rights '' or `` not enforceable fundamental rights '' . 
  you can give them decentralization , but still setup proper and not corrupt federal authorities , which ensure fundamental rights . 
  with enough commitment this could work -  that would lead to peace . 
  and peace combined with a functioning law-enforcing-apparatus is the best starting point for a prospering life of a state . 
  furthermore i do not think the russians are a threat towards most of the eastern european countries . 
  the setting has changed . 
  most of them are now formally part of the west . 
  russia cant just go there and take them again , they are mainly integrated into the eu . 
  their standard of living was rising , which dimishes even the last emotions about old soviet russia . 
  i completely understand though , that they are still very upset about the soviet-russian occupation and are very sensitive when it comes to imperialistic russian behaviour . 
  but if we dont see a real madman in the kremlin after putin , they are safe . 
  this is btw also a interesting point . 
  if you achieve peace with putin now , regardless of all the unlawful actions he is responsible for ( inside and outside of russia ) , you thus lower the chances for a radical successor after him ( to put it very simply for the readabilities sake : without enemy there is no need to vote for a radical , innerpolitical things like lack of infrastructure , etc would become more important for elections ) . 
  this might not be a pleasing option for many , but i rather prefer a rational man , who many people hat with passion than a man , who starts a real big war inside europe . 
  selfish ? 
  yes . 
  but why should i want to die because of a war , which was started , because people did not want to talk about peace ? 
  i am sorry if i came off the argumentative road , i am already tired . 
  :-) p.s. 
  : ( we need to think about the tensions among eastern and western ukrainians . 
  putting them together in a central state would mean to lay the semen for a new struggle about power . 
  if every region has its own - limited - pouvoir of competences , where it can feel ( half - ) independant the chances for such a struggle are lower . ), 
  yeah , i am 1 . paid by the russians 2 . indoctrinated by propaganda lies 3 . the biggest ignorant of the week the sad thing is that you are probably really the kind of person who is not interested in a discussion . 
  you are interested in spreading your `` truth '' and everyone who does not believe it instantly or dares to confront you with relieable sources is a moron who lost connection to reality . 
  it is for sure me who is the ignorant here . 
  since i am the one who refuses to bring any kind of proof for my claims . 
  since i am the one who ignores every aspect , which seems not suitable for `` argumentative '' - attack . 
  since i am the one who calls other people liars if the dare to disagree . 
  | _ what do you mean ` where ' ? _ i asked for examples . 
  | _ no , at the beginning it was russian mercenaries - girkin and boroday for example . _ and those two were present from the very beginning in march 2014 ? 
  how can two men be so effective , if people there had n't had a good reason to support them ? 
  that is my whole point : without the unneccessary deployment of tanks into eastern ukraine in spring 2014 by kiev , none would have been able to claim being attacked by western ukraine . 
  that is the reason why i call it unneccessary and stupid ( from a perspective to safe lives and preserve peace ) . 
  if you want to escalate things , well then sending tanks makes suddenly some sense . 
  | _ really ? 
  invading sovereign country is the only option ? _ well , ask all the countries which did something like that in the last 30 years . 
  iamong states it is obviously considered as something , which is ok from a geostrategical pov . 
  ( i know , this answer is cynical , but i refuse to judge one state for things , which other states do as well without being critiziced . ), 
  | _ he was not ` one of the cowriters ' and his claim of violation is empty - case where president fleed the country was n't in constitution at all . _ `` zeit '' says otherwise and they are known for good research and sources . 
  can you please give me a legal argument , why he should be wrong ? 
  and from a legal perspective : constitutions usually know cases where the head of the state is abroad . 
  as long as he or she does not exceed a certain time threshold , there is no reason to impeach a president/head of state . 
  if the constitution does not say anything about the absence of the president , he keeps his mandate simply for the whole period as long as he is not impeached by a qualifyed quorum ( 2/3 , article 111 , constitution from 2010 ) . 
  which was not the case . 
  | _ let me guess - it was russian media ? _ oh yes , i am a huge fan of rt and stuff , because they are much objective and soo wow ... / s jesus , can we just agree to not nitpick at each other ? 
  | _ sorry , but this is not the facts , only your wild guesses . _ i am partially actually wrong , since it was not in front of his palace but on the maidan . 
  i am sorry , i was wrong in this regard . 
  | _ yes , it is . _ proof it , then , please . 
  | _ remind me , why we need to accept ` unneccessary ' escalation ( twice ) from russia in chechnya and no other country invaded them , but somehow ukraine fighting separatists in their territory present an opportunity for russia ? _ 1 . 
  cheachnya was wrong . 
  both times . 
  no discussion . 
  you obviously misunderstood what i meant with opportunity . 
  my point was , that the escalation by western ukrainian units bringing tanks to the east was the perfect excuse for the russians to `` help '' their people ( from which not all seemed to be that unhappy about that ) . 
  to melt it down into one small conclusion : no tanks from kiev = no tanks from moscov . 
  | _ and you can support your words with ... what ? _ well , just read about the political decisions of western states when it came to russia . 
  read the in depth articles , which describe the thoughts of certain administrations in the western hemisphere about the russian administration in the 1990s ( drunken jelzin , etc ) . 
  | _ damn , another russian lie . _ a lie ? 
  genscher himselfs says , that there would not be any nato expansion beyond 1990 borders of nato-members . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dw3dwgmawz0 ( the second video i found , from second 11 to second 25 you can see the original film material ) but please , proceed to call me a liar who makes up things . 
  | _ and the answer for that was ... 
  invading ukraine ? _ geostrategics . 
  if you slap the big boy , he will slap you as well , regardless if it is rightful or not . 
  | _ yanukovitch fleed the country but you blame the opposition ? 
  hilarious . _ he fled the country because the opposition ( right wing troopers , to be more precise ) . 
  certain opposition powers broke the janukowitsch-opposition-agreement about a transition over half a year . 
  so why should n't i blame the opposition for unneccessary escalation ? 
  i am open to reasons . 
  | _ so ` western government ' ( whatever you meant ) is wrong but your source is right ? 
  very hilarious . _ i forgot a plural-s : government_s _ ( since germany , france and poland were involved , i thought this was obvious ) . 
  and it is a fact , that western governments recognized the new interimistic government as legitimate , although - as i already proofed above - did not honour the constitution . 
  and this is not `` my personal , single source '' . 
  this was the overall tenor of british , american , german and austrian media . 
  so please stop trying to put me as an inbecile . 
  thanks . 
  | _ and they got their cooperation and more . _ where exactly ? 
  | _ supporting ? 
  like covertly sending mercenaries and weapons ? 
  that 's not support , it 's an invasion . _ at the beginning it was `` just '' material . 
  after the situation became critical for the separatists , the russians somehow started to provide armed forces as well . 
  but what should one do , if this is the only option ? 
  from an innerpolitical pov this was without alternative ( and afaik the russian government is very into keeping its inner political face ) .
