  i agree to this . 
  but i was refering to the european and russian political will . 
  those two blocs also have interested , which - on the long term - can be better served with a democratic and neutral ukraine instead of a devastated and warlord-reigned ukraine . 
  at least that is what i think . 
  i read huge amounts of more or less superficial `` analysis '' about russia , about the thoughts of putin , about war and war and whatnot . 
  but why do n't you guys talk about peacefull solutions of the conflict ? 
  for example , why not offer the russians to setup a dezentralized ukraine , where regions have their own pouvoir to decide , what kind of rules they want in their area and which they do n't ? 
  to kickout the oligarchs , who sucked the blood out of the country for over two decades and still do that to this very day ? 
  to bring peace to this already fucked over place of earth so people there can start to setup a better state organisation with less corruption ( you ca n't root that out , sadly ) and more accountability for powerful people who did wrong things . 
  with more democratic elements and less despotism ( which currently exists on both sides of the dnjepr ) . 
  what would be wrong about that ? 
  ( sovereignty is n't a real argument , western states do n't care about that either , if something is n't going their way ) ( russian do n't stand by their word is also a weak argument , because the often referred budapest memorandum was n't a legally binding contract , but more something like a gentlemens agreement . 
  to my knowledge , the russians did not break any legally binding contracts with the west so far ) . 
  if you want peace , you can achieve it . 
  it just has to allow both sides to keep its face . 
  that means : ukraine has to become truly democratic and orderful , as the europeans wanted it . 
  but it should also stay neutral ( meaning no nato and not eu , which was and is unrealistic anyways for the next three decades ) , so there is a buffer between the rf and the eu . 
  so the russians are happy as well . 
  this political decision does not affect sovereignty of ukraine at all , because it does n't only take the will of a country to become member of something , also the receiving organisation has to accept them . 
  you can be soverreign as much as you want , the others have no duty to accept you in their club . 
  to secure this thus both sides should keep their hands of from ukraine , so no one has a reason to agitate in this direction . 
  furthermore , history proved , that it is always a good thing , when there are buffers between two big powerblocks . 
  it makes it more difficult for them to go to war and fuck things up . 
  to convert that from paper into facts , a mixed force - consisting of russians and european military units under a mutual central command - should draw the opponents away from each other and demilitarize them . 
  after that an interimistic government for the whole country should be installed , which is not allowed to sell or license any public goods ( land , water , mining licences or anything else ) . 
  this interimistic government should create a new constitution , where the decentral structure of ukraine should be the central part . 
  for example the austrian constitution could among others be a role model for that - not a perfect one though , but some elements would be of value . 
  then there should be a complete restart of the ukrainian executive and judicary branch with effective corruption prevention mechanisms on the one side but also reasonable and in time payment of wages on the other . 
  after restoring a functioning and relieable administration , there should be at elections on regional and local levels , so the municipalities and regions can start to walk on their own feet again - economically and politically . 
  the interimistic government should walk next to them to help and also sometimes whip them , if needed . 
  after five or six years , there should be genereal elections , so the country as a whole has a democratic legitimized government again . 
  ( this i just a very basic proposal , written down in a few minutes , more sophisticated ones should go into much greater detail ) . 
  as you can see , there are solutions and they can be converted into reality , if the neccesary political will is present . 
  since the russians lose tremendous amounts of money on this conflict - sanctionwise , losses in material , etc - i think they would also agree to such a proposal . 
  i think it would be better to discuss this , instead of wishing war to them or even talking about how good war would be between russia and eu ( one redditor actually did that in this very thread , i had to read it twice , because i could not believe such an inhumane and utterly stupid thought ) . 
  pfannkuchen would look like this ( and their proper name would be [ palatschinken ] ( http://www.freeplus.at/images/resized/uploads/produkte/marillenpala_ausschnitt_720x450.png ) ) and palatschinken should be made with apricot marmelade from wachau-region . 
  [ like this one ] ( http://www.gusto.at/rezepte/bilder_original/r_7261.jpg ), 
  why not zoidberg ? 
  wolverine + mac-10 = pure awesomeness . 
  i miss the flag , though . 
  i can sell you one , if you fire a salute salvo from your wheelchair mounted gatling-gun . 
  ahh , chill . 
  it is just a funny observation . 
  actually : yes . ^ ^ i often discover that i talk utter bullshit about certain topics - regardless if with or without wine . 
  so unfortunately i am - to some extent at least - part of these mentioned idiots . 
  it might be because i am sometimes to lazy to get a basic knowledge about topics i want to talk about , which inevitably results in false statements . 
  to some extend , i did . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  mind to explain why it is a bad thing to get rid of some obviously incompetent and self-benefit-orientated aristocrats ? 
  that leads us to the question : what is the core of european culture ? 
  usually people answer with our traditions and our `` values '' . 
  although undefined and thus varying in their extend , the basic things are roughly translateable to `` humanism '' . 
  would it be morally ok to shoot down refugees on the borders ? 
  not even the third world dictatorships do that . 
  and they have much less to care about these things and their economies are much weaker than ours - and thus have more problems with dealing with refugees . 
  if we talk about our values all the time but do not stick to them in hard times , they are not worth the paper they are written on . 
  that does not mean that we have to save the world , though , but helping according to our abilities is not too much , at least from my pov . 
  regarding the videos : young fuckheads , who dont respect our values and our rules can fuck off . 
  simple as that . 
  but these fuckheads are not the mayority of the people fleeing from syria . 
  this was my impression from the trains i personally saw and the impression of people i know . 
  i know , this is still subjective and a small sample but , yeah . 
  if they can not go home due to war , it is - from my pov - a moral duty to help them . 
  that does not mean that we have to accept their rules or their needs , if they dont fit to ours . 
  but we still have to treat them like humans . 
  if we ourselfs had to flee , we would be also glad to find friendly people who give us shelter , food , water and hygenia-articles . 
  regarding malm\u00f6 : yepp , concentrating them in a few spots and leaving them there was and is a very bad idea . 
  thus i said : spread them thoughout the countries . 
  one family per village for example . 
  thus they have to assimilate , they will become a part of society much faster and thus there wont be such huge problems with youth gangs in the cities . 
  to be honest i had kurz in mind and not aslan . 
  regarding that you are right , he is not a contestant . 
  from my knowledge , this stonewall-allegation is new . 
  that would be wrongdoing indeed . 
  care to bolster it up with some sort of proof ? 
  regarding the `` it is their job '' - part : as far as i know they did check and did not find the claimed circumstances . 
  at least that is what i was able to gather from information available to the public . 
  regarding `` spin '' : if my point of view is spin , what is yours ? 
  it basically covers the pov of \u00d6vp . 
  and as a matter of fact you did put it as if you were stating undenieable facts . 
  which they are not . 
  point being : just because i did correct you , that does not necessarily mean i want to spin something . 
  i just prefer to get non exaggerated infos here . 
  ( no personal offense intended ) . 
  dear landsmann , please get your facts right . 
  the salafist kindergarten is a claim by some political contestants , which still lacks solid proof . 
  those who claim the existance of these kindergartens were asked for more details a year ago and did not provide any of it . 
  thus it might be a bit too overconfident to act as if these things are undenieable facts . 
  besides that , i agree that this foreign policy move was not wise in terms of have a good relationship with our neighbours . 
  besides that i think this statement was done after consulting merkel . 
  `` defend '' ? 
  should we shoot them down ? 
  because there is no other option to stop hopeless people from crossing the border . 
  they are cold , they are hungry , they often have no clue where they are . 
  giving them unbureaucratic help is , at least in my opionion , much wiser than treating them like enemies . 
  btw there is no international law which requires states to stop refugees at their border . 
  in fact those rigid bordercontrols actually became a thing after ww1 , due to all the national-states rising from the old empires wrecks . 
  but did raiding hordes roam around in europe before ww1 ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  and regarding `` blackmailing '' and partnerships : as far as i know eastern european states got and still get huge amounts of money to build up economic strength , infrastructure and similar useful things .
