  | _ no they not . 
  stop repeating kremlin lies . _ i am just repeating , what the well know liberal and american friendly german newspaper `` die zeit '' publicated in this artice ( which is in german , sorry ) http://www.zeit.de/politik/ausland/2014-03/krim-ukraine-russland-kompromiss . 
  there , one of the cowriters of the ukrainian constitution from 2004 states that various members of the new government violated the constitution ( in terms of doing things they were not allowed to do ) . 
  furthermore there are other media reports about armed men , forcing members of the regions party to either stay at home or do not enter the parliament , so they could not vote ( which was against the ukrainian law either ) . 
  beyond that , as far as i know , the votum to end janukowitsch ' presidency needed a 2/3 quorum , which was n't completely met . 
  thus , also his impeachment was not correct by constitutional standards . 
  before you acuse me to lie , i would like to ask you for hard facts , why i am wrong instead of just throwing one short sentence at me . 
  i also treat you with respect , so i would be glad , if this could be a mutual thing . 
  | _ they did n't ` question their legitimacy ' - they started killing ukrainians and they were led by russian insurgents . _ i remember something different ( neither initial killings of ukrainian state employees nor a russian leadership from the very beginning ) but i will put a closer look onto that again . 
  | _ nobody kicked yanukovitch out - he fled ukraine himself . _ if the leader of your personal guards tell you , that a mob gathers in front of the palace and you hear them screaming threats , the reason to flee was clearly that he feared for his life . 
  which basically equals being kicked out . 
  but i give you that , i was not preciise enough with my wording . 
  | _ russian propaganda again , i see . _ alread answered above . 
  | _ no , not the same . 
  they did n't use heavily armed thugs and they did n't use insurgents from another country . _ i was talking about the initial start of the uprising in eastern ukraine and not about the status five month later . 
  there is a nyt-report about the separatists , which gave an insight in their armament and origin . 
  at the very beginning the uprising was ( at least nearly ) consisting of ukrainians only , who were former members of the security forces , armed with old ukrainian weapons . 
  the west-ukrainian side was the one , who came up with tanks and soldiers first instead of negotiating . 
  this is not a kremlin lie , but the way many western media sources reported the beginning of all that . 
  if id had not been for the unneccessary escalation from kiev , there would n't have been any opportunity for russia to intervene . 
  | _ you keep telling that lie to whitewash russia , but it 's a lie . _ _ they started it when they refused to sign an agreement between opposition and yanukovitch and after that they invaded crimea . 
  why they refuse to sign ? 
  because they needed unrest in ukraine so they can try to ` justify ' crimean occupation . _ thanks for accusing me to lie again instead of asking me for a explanation . 
  i wrote `` ignored for decades '' for a reason . 
  since the early 1990s the russians were ignored and treated like morons by many western governments . 
  western companies used the chaos and the social downfall in russia for grabbing as many shares and resource-exploration-licences as possible . 
  lawfully , yes , but nobody cared about the russian people . 
  after putin came , he started to change that ( with some dirty moves , i give you that ) , he demanded to be treated on eyesheight . 
  but nobody cared , nobody cared about the promise german state minister genscher gave the soviets on tv ( no expansion to the east ) . 
  and in 2013 nobody gave a fuck about the russians , when they asked for a adapted trade-treaty with ukraine for various economical and political reasons . 
  furthermore , various us-bases appeared around russia . 
  a missile-defense-system was deployed in europe against iran and north korea ( which both do n't have the capabilites to send missiles even halfway to the us ) . 
  even if one assumes that there was no threat against the russians as intention behind all of that , it is not the best way to build trust . 
  that is what i mean with : the russians did not start the overall conflict , from which the ukraine-crisis arose . 
  as the opposition-janukowitsch-treaty was signed , the opposition broke it during the next 48 hours without any ( ! ), 
  need . 
  janukowitsch would have been gone a half year later anyways . 
  and western government recognised the new `` government '' which clearly - i already gave a source to that claim - violated parts of the constitution . 
  so where is the initial russian aggression here ? 
  they were basically left with two options : accept a puppet-government in the ukraine and lose its face or at least safe the latter and show strenght to `` their '' people . 
  russias actions may be unlawful , yes . 
  but if you put someone in a situation where he feels cornered , he will not give a fuck anymore about rules . 
  would you mind to try to understand my point before you just reappear with you verbal sledgehammer and call me a liar again ? 
  i am not really sure what you are exaclty refering to . 
  regarding aggression : as i already mentioned considering the chronology of events , i fail to see a genuine act of aggression ( which would imply , that it happened all out of a sudden , without any reason ) . 
  regarding death toll : what would you suggest ? 
  start a war to let even more people die ? 
  why would it be wrong to sit down on eyesheight and start to talk about a long term solution , which helps the ukrainian people and keeps the strategical interest of both sides ( which is : ukraine should not join any of the two blocs ) ? 
  i beg to differ . 
  did you know , that germany is a very decentralized country ? 
  and still it is one of the most important states in europe . 
  did you know that austria is a very wealthy country and gained all of its wealth while being a quite decentralized country ? 
  you maybe had something different in mind , when you called my proposal ridiculus . 
  i meant a system like in the just mentioned states ( where it obviously did work ) . 
  there is _ no _ danger to become a failed state because of my proposal . 
  otherwise half of europe would be failed , which obviously is not the case . 
  why should not ukraine join the eu and nato ? 
  well , what would eu gain there ? 
  tremendous poverty , lack of proper infrastructure , huge need of investments , corrupt administration , lack of democratic culture , etc. 
  do n't get me wrong , but even the eastern european states , which are already in the eu have a big road ahead to reach western european standards . 
  the eu is neither able to affort ukraine among its rows nor is there a serious will among all memberstates to accept it there . 
  so there is no european option for ukraine in short and midterm . 
  and what would nato gain from ukraine ? 
  old weapon systems ? 
  a huge chunk of land , which is far away from the atlantic sea , not being able to contribute something useful to the organisation ( which is a rule for new memberstates , just to mention that ) ? 
  nato would nothing gain by that . 
  except of real problems with russia . 
  and despite all their big mouthed statements : they are not ready fr problems with the russians . 
  thus neither eu or nato are a realistic option . 
  regarding ukrainian acceptance : i already said , their government can do , what they want , but they cant expect others to care about it . 
  and to be honest : if i can avoid war and ensure a proper functioning state system , i do not give a fucking damn about the pride of a few government members and country rulers . 
  peoples life comes first . 
  this implies that the russians are doing their subcutanus intervention just because of nothing , out of a simple mood . 
  i do not think so . 
  their concerns in a geopolitical regard were not heard for decades . 
  they asked the eu and the us for cooperations years over years . 
  the litereally got laughter and jokes ( not an exaggeration , this really happend ) . 
  why should they keep caring about european interest , when the europeans dont care about theirs ? 
  it is not just what the russians are doing in legal terms . 
  but it was not the result of a proactive agenda , but more some kind of reaction . 
  regarding eastern ukraine : can you blame a state to support people of its own kin , when a new `` government '' - which broke the ukrainian constitution while taking power - started to send tanks and soldiers against people who questioned their legitimacy ( rightfully , since the usurpators did not reach the neccessary quota to kick janukowitsch out and also used - illegally - violence or threat of violence to force mps to vote for certain things ) ? 
  and dont tell me , occupiing buildings is so wrong . 
  maidan did the same and nobody blamed them for that ( rightfully ) . 
  but then , there must be equal law for all . 
  you cant say : people a and people b did nearly the same thing , but the one side is a citizen-rights-movement and the other ones are terrorists . 
  that is hypocritical and injust . 
  all sides are doing wrong things . 
  but it was n't the russians who started all that shit ( again , read the events in a chronological pattern . 
  the rf did react and was drawn into this eastern ukrainian-conflict , it did not provoke it ( at least not in the way many of you try to put it . ), 
  blaming only one side does not show you reality . 
  ignoring things just to enable yourself to paint one side as the utter evil does not bring peace for the people , you are obviously trying to protect . 
  it only seeds hatred and kills the possibilites to create peace for years . 
  what would that be ? 
  and regardless if this is the case or not , they are a mayor power in this region . 
  they fucked up things in the past with their ideology , yes . 
  but we have to find a solution for this very problem . 
  and if it is possible to achieve peace , hatred should not be an obstacle to do so . 
  you can still hate the russians with good reasons . 
  but such hatred should not be the reason for the useless death of people . 
  too many died already .
