  both wars were in our direct national interest , stop believing the horse shit the guardian feeds you . 
   and do you really believe that little britian will be able to influence and negotiate with the us when we are all alone . 
  yes , i do actually . 
  the eu has absolutely no contribution to the influence of the uk . 
  if the tories want to win the next election they have to listen to the electorate and hold an in/out referendum . 
  only a minority of people , mostly students and europeans , want to remain part of the eu . 
  we pay nothing to the united states and you know it . 
   full of jokers like the greens watermelons . 
  their whole manifesto is based around the idea that we must destroy the economy and erode freedom to `` save '' the planet . 
  osborne is doing a good job but his cuts need to go further and the country needs to leave the eu . 
  only then can we get back to growth . 
  leaving the eu would stop the tirade of nonsensical legislation coming from europe . 
  with independence we could go back to making laws ourselves with democratic accountability . 
   so that bureaucratic eu guidelines for imports bind many uk producers , but now have no say at all in how those guidelines are written or applied ? 
  we do n't get seats in the chinese or american parliaments either , so why would it make any difference with europe ? 
   if it leaves it will make its own senseless laws . 
  the uk has had it 's fair share of senseless laws , but they all pale in comparison to what europe signs off . 
   leaving would just diminish the eu and the uk on a global playing field . 
  it 'll diminish the eu 's power for sure , which i fully welcome , but it 'll be beneficial for the uk . 
  our poor economic growth is almost entirely the fault of europe and the euro . 
  independence will unshackle our united kingdom and carve a path for future prosperity . 
  we 're currently ruled by bureaucrats from brussels . 
  do n't you think it makes sense to persuade those bureaucrats to do what 's in our national interest once in a while ? 
  i really do hope we get a referendum soon . 
  the eu wants a budget increase to pay for more of these . 
  i 'll be voting , in 2014 , for ukip and i 'd recommend other englishmen do the same . 
   news to me , what 's the source on that ? 
  the parents made it clear to the telegraph . 
   there is no `` open door immigration '' , except from eu nations , and they wo n't be able to stop that . 
  the uk is already fairly hostile to potential immigrants . 
  so there is an open door policy then ? 
  europeans have no right to live here so there 's no reason to open the door to them . 
  ukip want to put an end to this open door policy as do most people . 
   i 'm taking this from their `` what we stand for '' section on their website . 
  they claim they will freeze immigration for 5 years , no conditions . 
  i 'm aware of the policy it 's just awfully unspecific and poorly thought out . 
   which is not about the parents but the children 's rights not to have foreign cultures imposed on them . 
  they 're in england so they should submit to english culture . 
  immigrants ca n't come here and expect to live like they 're still in wherever they came from . 
   and you are both bad people for it . 
  not being far left is bad now ? 
   no it is n't , and no it should n't . 
  it is and it should . 
   has n't it ? 
  and just what steps have these people taken to immerse the kids in their native cultures ? 
  i suspect none . 
  the parents started learning their native language , encouraged the children to communicate in their native language and enrolled them at a catholic school . 
  they 've done more than most people would . 
  i do n't even think they should respect the culture of the children since multiculturalism is bad for society . 
   hah , right . 
  except neither of these two people shares the ukip policy on immigration . 
  which seems to amount to closing the border entirely for 5 years . 
  they all want to bring in a points based system , end open door immigration and find out how many illegals we have in the country . 
  closing the door for five years is n't realistic but i have a feeling they mean closing the door on the low skilled immigration for five years rather than on everyone . 
   in this context they 're the same damn thing . 
  immigration and multiculturalism are not even remotely similar . 
  i 'm not even sure how you can equate the two . 
   they 're not forcing anyone to adopt any views , nor are they taking away their children for failing to do so . 
  yes they are . 
  they 're saying that you need to start supporting multiculturalism before you can foster ethnic children . 
   opposing multiculturalism is wrong , and that has nothing to do with political correctness , but simple human decency . 
  how is it wrong to oppose multiculturalism exactly ? 
  cameron and most of government oppose multiculturalism , i oppose multiculturalism . 
  multiculturalism is damaging to society and should be opposed by all sensible human beings . 
   they 'll affect how they raise the kids , especially as regards educating them about their own cultures . 
  no it wo n't and it clearly has n't in this case . 
   balls to that . 
  ed miliband has said that immigration is too high . 
  ed balls also recently said it would probably be party policy for the next election . 
  theresa may is pretty open about her opposition to immigration too . 
   same thing in this case . 
  did you even listen to her interview ? 
  she said it was because ukip oppose multiculturalism , there was no mention of immigration . 
   no it is n't . 
  forcing people to take your left-wing view or have their children taken away is madness and thinking opposing multiculturalism is wrong is extreme political correctness . 
  it 's political correctness gone mad . 
  i disagree that it 's relevant . 
  their views on immigration are not going to have an effect on their ability to care for the children . 
  i have a pretty good feeling that most people agree with ukip on immigration anyway , labour and the tories have pretty much the same policy for the next election . 
  though this has nothing to do with ukip 's policy on immigration in the first place , thacker said she did it because of their views on multiculturalism . 
  this is the definition of political correctness gone mad . 
  it really shows you how bad the political correctness rot has become within the public sector . 
  people are so concerned about not offending anyone that all common sense is thrown out of the window . 
  councils are known for their loony actions but this takes it too far for even the left to stand which is why it 's such a big story . 
  i 'm sure we 'll get a statement on monday in which the council give a meaningless apology and completely u-turn on their decision . 
  i give ms thacker until friday , she 'll be gone for sure . 
  thatcher 's policies were similar to reagan 's but they were very much her own . 
  she managed to sort out the unions , grow the economy , keep europe at bay and other great things . 
  new labour deregulated the banks that led to the current mess . 
  thatcher was the best prime minster we ever had . 
  hopefully people regain their common sense and vote for the tories in the next election . 
  labour would be disastrous . 
  because it plays into the narrative that all eurosceptics are little englanders who do just that . 
  obviously they 're going to be pro-europe , they 're all europeans . 
  when we get that referendum i 'm voting to leave and i suspect so are most people . 
  21 miles off the coast of europe . 
  sounds like he 's fully integrated into french culture then . 
  this article is annoying . 
  he 's using examples of anglo-american closeness to show how close `` europeans '' were to americans in the past and then examples franco-american differences to show how far apart `` europeans '' are to americans now . 
  he 's one of those stupid french people that think the british share something with them .
