  certainly not answerable to the people . 
   what ? 
  please read this so you can understand how international trade works : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_trade i know how trade works . 
  you 're avoiding the actual point again . 
  europe controls all british trade agreements around the world , yet you seem to think i 'm saying that britain does not trade outside of europe . 
  the irony of the whole thing is that you have the audacity to try and claim that i 'm uneducated . 
   i am an international relations student and i can honestly say that i do not envision the uk doing better outside the eu . 
  oh right , a student ? 
  you must be the world expert on international relations and finance . 
  how silly i was , thinking i could win an argument against a world class intellectual such as yourself . 
   i do n't think you understand how much the uk benefits from being part of the single market . 
  it has access to a 15 trillion $ market with a 500 million large consumer base . 
  all of the eea countries have benefited from being part of the single market , even the uk , many jobs in your country are directly linked to trade between the uk and eu member countries . 
  in fact , more than 50 % of the exports and imports in the uk are with eu partners . 
  europeans keep using this argument and everyone with any knowledge of the eu can see that it 's bullshit . 
  while the eea does give britain free trade with a large market it also denies britain free trade with larger markets . 
   more than 50 % of the exports and imports in the uk are with eu partners . 
  naturally that would happen when you consider how much the eea incentives european trade at the expense of external trade . 
   if the uk chooses to exit the eu and maybe join the eea in hopes to maintain itself a part of the single market , it will still have to adopt and maintain all eu laws regarding the single market , but you will lose any say in the law making process . 
  nonsense , there is always the possibility of creating a anglo-european trade agreement . 
   steal british money ? 
  that 's an asinine statement . 
  britain is being forced to financially support other countries , including third world countries like romania . 
  nobody wants to be paying for europe while it gives us no benefit . 
  this is equal to theft . 
   it 's true that the eu could be more democratic ( more population elected officials ) , even then i would n't want to be part of it . 
  there is no reason why foreigners should be able to decide british law . 
  not only do they have different values but many ca n't even speak english . 
   but the uk still maintains it 's sovereignty , like all eu member nations do . 
  policy making at the eu level is a very democratic process , all member countries are involved . 
  no it is n't democratic . 
  the european commission are answerable to no one . 
   if the uk would have lost , like you put it , `` all trade controls and ... economic ties with the commonwealth '' , the uk economy would crash completely . 
  they 're all done through the eu , britain does not control its own trade . 
   sometimes i would like to see the uk leave the eu , i think the evolution of the uk economy once that happens will prove to a lot of the euroskeptics how wrong they were . 
  the uk would be much better off outside of the eu with the right agreement and you know it . 
  a deal where great britain has access to free trade while retaining complete independence is the best option . 
  there is some myth circulating that britain has to do the same as other countries when in reality it can negotiate a fairer deal . 
   the 3 main parties know how important and beneficial eu membership is to the uk and although most of us british are eurosceptic we are not stupid enough to vote ukip into power ahead of labour and the conservatives . 
  eu membership is not beneficial , on the contrary , it 's detrimental to british interests . 
  they own british fisheries , they dictate british employment law , they control british trade and they steal british money . 
  the uk has lost its sovereignty to an undemocratic european bureaucracy . 
  ukip already poll higher than the liberal democrats in national polls while also having more seats than labour in the european parliament . 
  the 2014 european election will be most successful ukip have ever had . 
   this means that we will not involve ourselves too heavily in the eu to the detriment of our relations with the commonwealth and the us ( in case the eu fails ) but we will also not isolate ourselves and leave the eu because we are aware that the eu , potentially , could benefit the uk enormously . 
  the uk has already turned its back on the commonwealth . 
  the british government has lost all trade controls and , with it , economic ties with the commonwealth . 
  the prime minister is now required to have a seat in the commons and his government must hold the majority of the seats in the commons chamber . 
  the queen may not appoint anyone she feels fit , there is such thing as a separation of powers . 
  the european commission is effectively appointed by the member states and approved by the european parliament . 
  they 're then given free reign to do whatever the hell the feel like . 
  dictating laws to countries in which they have no mandate and even replacing the cabinet of member states . 
  the concepts of democracy , law and constitution are lost on europeans . 
  it 's about time great britain left this catastrophe of project . 
  the european commission is n't elected . 
  the united kingdom should hold a referendum on europe while they 're at it . 
   i 've never once denied that the uk is a net contributor , just like germany , france , italy , cyprus , austria , denmark , finland , sweden , the netherlands , and ireland ( source : 2009 eu budget ) . 
  i do n't see how that equals to robbing ? 
  how is this even remotely hard to understand ? 
  british taxpayers are being forced to subsidies other countries with which we share no connection . 
  even while this country is going through tough austerity the europeans want to increase the eu budget . 
  why on earth should britain be paying anything to this undemocratic institution ? 
  it provides us no benefit . 
   but in what form does the ukip have more seats than labour ? 
  labour currently have 238 seats in parliament , and the ukip have 2 . 
  furthermore according to [ 1 ] ukpollingreport labour are projected to have the majority . 
  so i do have to ask , in what universe does the ukip have more seats than labour ? 
  perhaps i misunderstood your phrasing . 
  i was clearly talking about the european parliament . 
   i realise that it is difficult to bring the benefits and drawbacks of the eu into numbers , as many of them are abstract , but what exactly are the burdens of the eu as opposed to the benefits ? 
  loss free trade , loss of national fisheries , loss of immigration controls , loss of democracy , massive increase in bureaucracy , loss of liberty and the loss of national sovereignty . 
  these are only a few of the current problems . 
  the germans are now pushing for further integration with much stricter control . 
  there are no benefits . 
   do you genuinely believe that the uk will be better off isolated than closely cooperating with it 's neighbours ? 
  over 50 % of the entire uk import/export industry is directly with the eu , and that 's not even mentioning the huge benefits the uk financial industry has due to trade received from the eu and into the eu . 
  withdrawing the uk from the eu makes very , very little economic sense . 
  this is a common european strawman . 
  closely cooperating with neighbours is completely different from being annexed and dictated to by neighbours . 
  it has nothing to do with cooperation and everything to do with creating a single european state . 
  50 % of the uk 's imports and exports are with the eu because they wo n't allow for britain to control it 's own trade agreements . 
  the eu forces trade within the eea and limits trade with outside bodies . 
  and besides , no one wants to stop trading with europe , people want independence from europe . 
  it makes huge financial sense . 
  you seem to have avoided the entire point at hand , being that britain is a net contributor to the european project , though . 
   parties likes the ukip far from represent the average opinion concerning the matter . 
  ukip is becoming increasingly popular while the hard-line eurosceptic tories try to push for a referendum . 
  the eu and the echr are not popular among british people , given a referendum on both i feel britain would withdraw . 
  ukip have more seats than labour , you ca n't tell me that they are n't incredibly popular . 
  i do think it 's true that the lack of anger over the cost of the eu is due to public ignorance and apathy to the issue . 
  but if people knew how much the eu costs the british people and where the money goes , they would be outraged . 
   you want to change that?come up with some bloody solutions . . 
  the solution is to leave the eu , of course , it 's burden on the country . 
   take off the bloody alimunium hat . 
  aluminium hat or not , it does n't take much to look at the facts and deduct that britain is better off outside of the eu . 
   any citations for these claims ? 
  look at how much money the eu takes from british coffers each year , money that could be spent on british projects but is instead spent on europeans . 
  look at all the useless laws and regulations being forced upon us . 
  look at how britain is unable to make trade agreements and is instead forced to partake in a german dominated trade agreement that effectively takes away british sovereignty . 
  look at how there 's a room of unelected bureaucrats dictating everything to , supposedly , sovereign nations .
