  this is hardly some far right radical position . 
  it 's pointless . 
  if you want to get true independence for flanders you need to leave the eu , otherwise you 're just going to continue bankrolling poorer countries . 
  you 're comparing a race ( the nazis were concerned about the jewish race , not the religion ) with an ideological group . 
  islam is a problem and it really needs to be combated . 
  catholicism is far more compatible with english values than islam . 
  i 'm sure everyone will be thrilled with an increase in state sector jobs . 
  once he 's done driving off the rich he 'll have to put the taxes up on everyone else . 
  this whole ordeal is how i see a labour government panning out in the uk . 
  he is with algerians , moroccans and students . 
  europe is relying too heavily on the uk and france , which is the real problem . 
  this is just one of those ignorant americans that likes to group `` europe '' as some sort of single entity . 
  i do think the united kingdom should spend more on defence , but not for the benefit of europe or america , simply for ourselves . 
  press tv is n't news , it 's propaganda . 
  but i agree we have too many muslims . 
  it 's a big problem for society . 
  the government ca n't keep fighting against public opinion . 
  the sooner we get a referendum the better . 
  i wonder whether these european leaders realise that every time they comment on british issues they 're adding fuel to the fire . 
  we do n't want to abolish all extradition agreements , just this one . 
  stop scaremongering you stupid woman . 
  this is what europeans always do and it gets on my nerves , we can see through your obvious strawman attack . 
  the reality is that the eaw takes away our fundamental rights to a fair trial . 
  you can be extradited for `` questioning '' to ex-communist countries , which have poor judicial processes , on `` accusations '' . 
  [ people have been imprisoned without trial because of this agreement . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-london-13810608 ) i want the protection of english courts before they cart me off to europe . 
  this is hardly an outrageous demand . 
  lets hope miliband does n't get in or they 'll have to move back . 
  funny that the french still think they 're northern europe . 
  more and more the british are grouping france in with southern europe in regards to economics . 
  out of the european project i meant . 
  the situation norway is in now is just as bad as being inside the eu . 
  our two great nations have so much in common . 
  maybe the tories or labour will change their tune and give the uk a referendum soon . 
  then , perhaps , norway will follow . 
  oh come on . 
  it 's a joke . 
   there are huge social benefits to having shared laws in europe , especially for individuals who travel around europe and want the security of knowing there are internationally agreed standards of human rights on which they can rely . 
  most of what the european court of human rights interferes with are not even human rights , at least not to your average briton . 
  i 'm much more concerned about our countrymen and not whether foreign tourists are going to have `` human rights '' or not . 
  parliament makes laws , not european judges . 
   there are eu directives i do n't like , such as the cookie policy , but i do n't think that 's a fair enough reason to leave entirely - if nothing else , it 's a compelling reason to start paying attention to european parliament elections , which nobody in britain seems to ( except the fascists , hence how people like nick griffin get in ) . 
  i see it as a compelling reason to leave . 
  i do follow european politics and i never see anything i can support . 
  it 's just more and more useless regulation . 
  they have a particular love for passing these laws with the hope of stopping `` climate change '' or helping `` minorities '' . 
   the last criticism i saw of the european convention on human rights was a front-page story on the scots equivalent of the daily mail that was angered about how it stopped some police department from carrying tasers . 
  you know what ? 
  i 'm fairly happy there 's an eu law out there that stops my local police force from carrying tasers . 
  that 's your opinion , but i would rather elected representatives had a say in it rather than a foreign court . 
   and please , do elaborate your problem with the kyoto agreement . 
  it forces countries to lower their `` carbon emissions '' which is basically an attempt to de-industrialise . 
  it makes absolutely no sense to start crippling our economy to help lower carbon emissions when we have so many unemployed people and massive economic problems . 
  even if you believe in lowering emissions then you have to agree that it 's futile , china will replace all of our cuts in emissions with a massive increase in emissions . 
  cameron needs to pull out of kyoto like steven harper did , it was an incredibly popular move in canada . 
  i 'm serious . 
  are they going to ban the far left too or does n't it work like that ? 
  it 's extremely dangerous to start banning political parties because you disagree with their opinions . 
  clearly , if they 're big enough to win seats , they have some public support . 
  i 'm also against the ban on nazi symbols , holocaust denial and `` racism '' in much of europe . 
  people have died so that you have the right to hold your political opinions . 
  it is morally wrong to curtail freedom in this way . 
  if you think that the european convention on human rights are even remotely close to human rights then you 're naive . 
  it 's an attempt at imposing left-wing laws onto us without any democratic mandate . 
  kyoto is socialism by the back door , attached to the idea ( which is widely disputed ) that humans are causing global warming . 
  i would like to leave very much , as would most of the country . 
  i have a feeling it 's in europe 's interest to keep the uk in rather than let it slip outside . 
  every time europe puts up barriers and refuses to negotiate it just feeds the british public 's searing hatred of the european union . 
   i do n't understand the need to `` repatriate '' powers in the first place . 
  british politicians should decided british law and not foreign bureaucrats . 
  there 's a whole host of completely ridiculous agreements and treaties that have no benefit to us . 
  * european arrest warrant * common fisheries policy * common agricultural policy * freedom , security and justice * european convention on human rights we also need to leave the kyoto agreement which has nothing to do with europe but is equally ridiculous . 
  europe is so hated that unless they give us these powers back it 's very likely that we 're going to completely leave , i will certainly be voting to leave . 
   article 50 of the treaty on european union  any member state may decide to withdraw from the union in accordance with its own constitutional requirements . 
  the united kingdom has every right to repatriate powers and even leave . 
  we 're not going to be told what to do by a european socialist . 
  in which case the disputed territory is usually divided in two with a treaty . 
  spain lays claim to all of gibraltar 's water which is clearly against international law and completely unacceptable . 
  the europeans can side with spain all they want , the spanish are still in the wrong and britain must protect gibraltar 's waters . 
  gibraltar lays claim to 3 miles but also has the legal right to 12 . 
  europe does n't have to recognise it , britain just needs to enforce it . 
  the specific vessel is irrelevant , the point is that it was a spanish military vessel in british gibraltar waters . 
  spain can not justify these provocative acts . 
  this is a massive issue in gibraltar . 
  the united kingdom has a duty to protect the sovereignty of gibraltar so mps are completely justified in bringing this up . 
  what the spaniards are doing is a direct provocation . 
  if the government acts weak then it 'll be treated as though it 's weak . 
  the spanish need a slap around the ear . 
  the reason they get free infrastructure and services is because the loony left cares more about gypsy feelings than common sense . 
  honestly , they need to be clamped down on . 
  the more they suffer the better it is for us all . 
   you also believe that the tories will give the plebs the vote on this matter and follow their instructions we all know they 'll have to . 
  the survival of their party is entirely based on whether they hold a referendum or not . 
  if there is no referendum before 2015 they 'll lose the election . 
  no one is falling for a vague promise , we want an actual bill to be passed ensuring a referendum . 
   its too an important matter to be left up to the dailycrap reader . 
  by `` dailycrap reader '' i assume you mean the general public . 
  people are well informed enough to make this decision . 
   what do you think the wars have cost us ? 
  you mean those wars which our government entered into to take out al-qaeda and the other to remove a dictator with what we thought were wmd ?
