   but that 's not going to go anywhere just because we decide too work together with our neighbouring countries . 
  it is n't merely working together with foreign countries , it 's actually integrating with them . 
  it means using a foreign legal system , a foreign constitution and allowing foreigners to run this country . 
  great britain has survived hundreds of years as an independent nation , there is no reason why we should bend down to a foreign power . 
   i do n't see what trade law has to do with culture . 
  it 's about independence , there is no reason why britain should n't be able to trade internationally for itself . 
   it just seems to me that anti-eu sentiments seem to be motivated by either animosity towards foreigners , or some kind of misplaced pride of britain as an independent island , standing proud and alone . 
  it is not misplaced in the slightest . 
   but it seems to me that most people who are pro-british independence do n't either , and the argument is usually ` we do n't want no fuckin ' brussel sprouts runnin our country from abroad ' without any discourse about what 's actually beneficial or harmful to our country ( or any interest in helping our neighbours ) . 
  people who want british independence know what they 're talking about , otherwise they would n't want independence . 
  this thread is filled with countless arguments against being in the eu . 
  there 's really no point in my going back over them , but it 's much more than the fact that i dislike foreigners run the country . 
   ( or any interest in helping our neighbours ) . 
  this country is n't a charity , we ca n't afford to subsidies other countries . 
  the fact that they ca n't speak english is not a key issue but it is an issue . 
  you would not elect someone who ca n't speak english as your mp so you would n't want someone who could n't speak english voting on british issues . 
  but of course , anyone who is n't lapping up the bullshit in the guardian must be a dailymail reader . 
  your sort has been around for decades . 
  during the 20th century you supported stalin and mao , before that it was lenin . 
  you hate culture , history and democracy , instead you want to create a super power with a single culture , currency and government . 
  you will call anyone who works against you a bigot or a racist . 
  explain where the benefit is to britain . 
   to cut this argument short , i see no real way i could help change your views as you already have well embedded beliefs that the eu is bad , most of which from what i can observe is due to lack of knowledge on how the eu actually works . 
  everyone with even a basic understand of the european union knows that it 's a disastrous agreement . 
   the point to the eu is that every country receives a lot of benefits but also has to give back something to the common good of the union , and the benefits always outweigh the contributions . 
  the benefits do not outweigh the contributions . 
  there is no benefit to the british tax payer who are being forced to subsidies poorer countries . 
  the only thing you 're right on is the free trade zone being good for british business , but that is completely unrelated to the eu . 
   also romania is really getting very few of those eu funds mostly due to bad governance , and i could also say that germany is subsidizing the uk ( which it is in some ways ) , does that hurt your national pride ? 
  great britain is n't subsidised by any nation . 
  germany has actually been trying to get the uk to pay towards the european bailout mechanism which is basically begging for more money . 
  the uk rebate is not a subsidy , it 's all british money to begin with . 
  it 's liking robbing and old man of # 100 and giving him 5 quid back . 
  in 2011 romania gained a net benefit of $ 1,609 million while the united kingdom lost $ 3,865 million . 
  greece gained $ 3,009 and germany lost $ 8,797 . 
  so while germany is paying more it certainly is n't subsidising the united kingdom . 
  romania , however , is leeching off anglo-german money . 
  [ citation , if needed ] ( http://www.dbresearch.com/prod/dbr_internet_en-prod/prod0000000000273546.pdf )  you need to get over the fact that uk was once a great power , because it is n't anymore , and being in the eu the uk gets a lot better trade deals than it would on it 's own . 
  to put it in simple terms , who do you think has more pull in a negotiation , the country with a 60 million population and 2 trillion $ economy or a supranational organization encompassing 500 million people in a 15 trillion $ economy ? 
  the united kingdom is a great power . 
  not only is it in the g8 , the unsc and the g20 it has diplomatic missions to hundreds of countries . 
  great britain would have no problems sorting out trade agreements , countries with less than half the influence manage to strike good deals . 
  but under the current system britain can make zero trade deals , so it 's not like we can do any worse by regaining independence . 
   you need to understand the facts , the uk 's economy is minuscule compared to the eu , china and the us , and a lot of other developing nations like brazil , russia and india for that matter ( and soon nations like turkey , indonesia and mexico will have bigger economies than the uk ) . 
  the uk 's economy is huge . 
  it is larger than many of these countries you 're trying to compare it to . 
  but the actual size of the economy is not the issue , it 's the per capita wealth . 
  countries like iceland and switzerland are outside of the eu yet they 're do fine . 
  their economies are actually stronger than britain 's is . 
  germany has been held back for decades with the cost of developing east germany , and now it has to help subsidies southern and eastern europe . 
  germany may benefit from the eurozone but it also suffers from it greatly . 
   sure , the eu can be improved in a lot of ways , but withdrawing from the union is not how a country can act to make things better . 
  a british withdrawal would make britain better . 
  what happens to the rest of the union is irrelevant to me . 
   edit : i found a list of how the eu is benefiting the uk : all of that is trade nonsense again . 
  you fail to take into account the unregulated mass immigration from eastern europe into the united kingdom , the loss of british control over british trade , the loss of british fishing waters , the loss of controls over work regulations , the huge levels of bureaucracy , the huge financial burden and the lack of democracy . 
  there is a reason you wo n't see a european union flag in the united kingdom , no one here has any support for it . 
   how is that argument ` bullshit ' ? 
  because , as always , europeans are trying to move away from the actual issues by using the trade argument as a distraction . 
  membership of the eaa is a different argument from membership of the eu . 
  however , ideally , i would n't want to be part of either . 
   these are the countries the eu has free trade agreements with ( and lots of pending and negotiating deals are underway !, 
  i know full well which countries the eu has trade deals with . 
  the issue is that they 're decided by the eu and not by the democratically elected british government . 
  britain can not go to another country and form a trade deal , that would be against the membership of the eu . 
   of course that would happen , even without eea incentives , due to the uk 's geographical position . 
  the uk is close to the commonwealth due to the common language and historical ties . 
  even with close proximity to europe it does n't change the fact that closer trade ties with the commonwealth would be beneficial . 
  it is a fact that british trade with commonwealth countries has suffered as a result of european membership . 
  i would like a deal where britain decides it 's own trade agreements and not have it dictated by some foreigners with which we share nothing in common . 
   sure , the uk can negotiate a separate trade agreement , but it will be nowhere near have the benefits of being in the eea or the eu . 
  the free trade is the only benefit , there is nothing else worth saving from this mess . 
   you would still need to abide by a lot of the eu rules . 
  this is another fallacy europeans love to throw around . 
  britain would only need to obey european rules when trading with europe , the same as with any other country . 
   romania is n't third world , look up the definition instead of throwing out remarks which you think might insult my home country . 
  i think the world you 're looking for is ` developing nation ' . 
  that 's just a fancy way of saying `` poor country '' . 
  every country is `` developing '' to a degree . 
  it 's poorer than lebanon and botswana to put some perspective on just how poor romania is . 
  i 'm not trying to insult your country in the slightest , it is what it is and the british tax payer does not want to be subsidising it . 
   all of the eu countries contribute to the eu , the uk has been historically the second largest contributor , but in recent times france has contributed more . 
  this is untrue . 
  for a start , many countries are net beneficiaries ( romania included ) . 
  these countries get given huge sums of investment at the expense of the strong economies . 
  you can not say that a country gaining more than it gives is contributing , it is leeching . 
   there are many other countries with higher contributions per capita than the uk . 
  nobody is stealing that money from you , it 's money used so that all of the member nations , including the uk , continue to enjoy the benefits of the union . 
  what benefits does britain get exactly ? 
  most of the money is spent on useless bureaucracy , subsiding `` poor '' countries and extravagant building projects . 
  i can see the benefits to romania , but not to britain . 
   the uk has a say the law making process , all eu nations do , that 's why the eu is a democratic union . 
  the problem is the 26 other countries that also get a say . 
   and what does speaking english have to do with it ? 
  i wish to be able to understand what my leaders are saying and to know that they understand the culture of the country they run . 
   do you know what the european commission is ? 
  it operates akin to a cabinet government and it has 27 members . 
  yes , i understand how it works . 
  it 's basically a bunch of bureaucrats sitting around dictating our laws . 
  they 're supposedly answerable to the european parliament but since that 's full of socialists , with the same delusions as the commission , they 're not really answerable to anyone .
