swedish people are just waking up to the destruction multiculturalism is doing to their country . 
  i do not see why the government should tell us how to raise our kids . 
  corporal punishment is just common sense . 
  back in the day every father would have a belt to keep his children in line and it never did them any harm . 
  all of the great victorian heroes like cecil rhodes and isambard kingdom brunel would have been thoroughly disciplined as children and look how they turned out . 
  i did n't say anything contrary to that . 
  it 's from the english that they get those values , which is the point i was making . 
  i do n't have any interest in protecting foreign colonies or letting foreign countries acquire british territory . 
  there are more pressing concerns anyway and i can see america 's view being closer to the british view than either the french or european union view . 
  i want an end to protectionism , a new age of free trade and a stable world to trade in . 
  america seems to be a good partner to work with in this regard , while the eu consistently stands against these values . 
  it 's sad because most of these were originally english values . 
  they 're values that developed over thousands of years and spread throughout the world with english migration . 
  from australia , to canada and america it was never a coincidence that these countries became so rich , it came from english institutions like common law and english values like limited government . 
  what i find sad is that the united kingdom is turning away from the very same traditions that we developed . 
  governments have been far too interventionist since the second world war ( we were essentially socialist until thatcher liberated the people almost 40 years after the end of the war ) , liberty has been eroded in favour of a big brother style police state ( particularly under blair ) , common law is looking more and more like roman law and it seems like every war we 've fought to be free from european tyranny has been forgotten as we edge closer to a federal europe . 
  we can all see that england is no longer ` the new jerusalem ' or ` the land of hope and glory ' but a withered old kingdom plagued by welfare dependency and controlled by an overbearing state sector . 
  the american civil war was about states ' rights , not slavery . 
  post-war union propaganda has effectively rewritten history to make it seem like they were fighting for liberty while the confederacy was fighting for oppression . 
  in reality it was the other way around , the confederacy was very much justified in leaving the oppressive union . 
  britain ( england in particular ) shares many values with america , especially liberal economic values and ideas of civil liberty . 
  i ca n't say the same about france . 
  america is culturally similar to britain and they have similar foreign policy interests . 
  i ca n't say the same about france or the rest of europe . 
  i wo n't be joining your movement . 
  europe 's position on banning hezbollah is disgusting . 
  it 's a terrorist organisation and there 's absolutely no debate to be had about it . 
  deport the lot of them . 
  by not highlighting it you 're effectively omitting it . 
  you 're trying to draw attention to part of a sentence that makes absolutely no sense on its own . 
  i clarified it all here anyway : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1fx6v3/richard_branson_says_decriminalising_drugs_would/caevjvg, 
  what i meant was that reddit is made up of young students , many of whom take drugs and almost all of whom know people who take drugs , and are thus in a liberal bubble where `` soft '' drug use is acceptable and the legalisation of such drugs is supported . 
  this is why reddit is not representative of public opinion on anything related to drug politics . 
  this is pretty much what i said , only in a more concise form . 
  people seem to be taking the latter part of that sentence and forgetting the key part at the beginning . 
  you missed the `` reddit is made up mostly of young students who either take drugs or '' part . 
  if you omit parts of quotes you can completely change the meaning of it . 
  that 's not what i said . 
  do n't try to misrepresent what i say , it wo n't work . 
  if the conservatives try to legalise drugs it 'll be the final nail in the coffin for the party . 
  people are flocking to ukip in ever growing numbers and this will be the final straw for many traditionalists who already have little patients after the gay marriage betrayal . 
  reddit is made up mostly of young students who either take drugs or know people who take drugs and are thus in a bubble outside of reality . 
  do n't for one moment think that legalisation of drugs will be a popular move either in the labour council estates or the conservative shires . 
  the whole point of representative democracy is that the representatives represent the interests of their constituents . 
  if you ca n't lobby your mep or even see how they vote then you have no clue what they 're doing and when it comes to an election you have n't got a clue of who you 're voting for . 
  this just highlights how authoritarian europe really is . 
  secret votes , laws banning political speech and bans on praying in the street are not what you 'd expect in a land of liberty . 
  in france if enough people do n't like something it gets banned . 
  unfortunately this european style tyranny has started infecting the united kingdom , thanks mostly to the european union and the labour party . 
  labour always attracts the worst people . 
  ken livingstone , their last mayor of london , was a vocal supporter of hugo chavez . 
  there 's even talk of them putting david lammy , a black man who manages to turn everything into a race issue , forward at a future mayoral election . 
  so putting a bad cross-dresser , with no qualifications beyond being funny , forward would n't be beyond them . 
  in the united kingdom the sovereign is fidei defensor , so the crown is institutionally anglican . 
  that debate would be pretty pointless here . 
  i would like some non-cricket fans to fill out a survey . 
  do you think cricket is the best sport ? 
  the uk is standing up for british farmers and british bee keepers in the face of european tyranny . 
  every time europe passes unpopular laws it pushes support for independence up . 
  we do n't like the eu and we do n't want the eu . 
  the edl is n't racist as an organisation . 
  it 's anti-islam not anti-asian . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  setting up straw men wo n't help you . 
  animals have mental illnesses and freewill too . 
  i 'm not sure what made you think this somehow contradicts what i 've said because it clearly does n't . 
  if it 's a choice then it 's a choice , if it 's not a choice then it 's a mental illness . 
  for example : autism is n't a choice , it 's an illness , yet paedophilia is a choice . 
  it 's not really a hard concept to understand . 
  it 's either an illness or a choice , there 's no other explanation . 
  personally i think it 's a bit of both . 
  congratulations on joining the gravy train . 
  under english law you have the right to freedom of speech . 
  at least your country is n't in a political union with these morons . 
  you really do n't know what we have to put up with sometimes . 
  it 's called discipline , kids these days lack it . 
  they did and i did . 
  there 's nothing wrong with hitting your kids . 
  because museums just magically run with no budget . 
  like hospitals and libraries . 
  everyone agrees the eu is shit , even pro-eu people admit it 's only the lesser of two evils . 
  you see this in the way that every argument for the eu is purely economic . 
  labour have so much to gain with a shift towards eu-sceptic and anti-immigration policies . 
  if they offer or pledge to hold a referendum on europe with cameron 's terms it 'll completely destroy the tories in 2015 . 
  lets hope `` graphene valley '' gets independence from europe then . 
  the euro is a single currency , the coins are just minted with a different design for each mint . 
  if the uk ever used the euro , which will never happen , then any official euro coins would be acceptable . 
  i would rather the eu did n't start pushing socialism onto us . 
  if it 's illegal to measure in anything other than metric then you 're clearly not free use whatever measurement you want . 
  with silly and draconian legislation . 
  based on this post i do n't think you actually understand the concept of freedom at all . 
  the state sets the curriculum for state schools , this infringes on no one 's freedom . 
  you have every right to teach children creationism if you wish , it 's just not ever going to be accepted into the national curriculum or recognised by an exam board . 
  by contrast being told you have to measure everything in metric or face prosecution is a breach of your freedom . 
  cctv cameras are not a breach of your freedom , being given directives on the legal curvature of cucumbers and the minimum energy usage of light bulbs is . 
  the eu loves to spend our money brainwashing us into supporting their attack on our freedom . 
  maybe if you want to save money you should start by closing down the department responsible for propaganda . 
  you 're trying to make some connection with nazi genocide and my comment about there being too many muslims . 
  hitler wanted to eliminate both ethnic and religious jews through extermination . 
  i simply want to eliminate , or at least weaken , islam by integrating muslim communities into english culture .
