  europeans need to stop thinking of us as european , because we certainly do n't . 
  the tories are just pretending to be weary of europe ? 
  the vast majority of the country is anti-europe because we do n't understand it ? 
  what a load of utter shite . 
  why do you seem to think an elected president and a prime minister are mutually exclusive ? 
  irish and commonwealth citizens can vote in general elections if they live in the united kingdom . 
  there is an open boarder between the roi and the uk . 
  people from both sides may live , work , vote or claim citizenship in the other . 
  neither country is signatory to schengen , this is a purely private agreement between the two states . 
  scotland would not automatically gain entry into the eu anyway , it would have to be negotiated before the actual independence ceremony takes place and even then there may be a brief period where it 's outside of the eu . 
  so really it 's irrelevant what happens in regards to the uk 's membership . 
  i always find the idea , that the snp wants to leave the uk to get independence but at the same time wants to join another union that they will have significantly less say in , as slightly silly . 
  i mean the united kingdom , since that 's the member of the eu and not the devolved governments of wales or scotland . 
  there 's a significant eurosceptic movement throughout the whole country . 
  however it is true that this is mostly centred in the south east where the traditional tory/ukip hub is based . 
  i ca n't wait until the united kingdom leaves the european union , this might just be what gets us a referendum . 
  japan 's defensive capabilities are much more advanced than china 's . 
  whatever happens , do n't expect great britain to be part of it . 
  england has had freedom of speech for centuries . 
  it 's one english value that most of the world has sought to emulate . 
  we 've let this filth into our country and now we have to bend to their rules . 
  when they do n't like something we just back down and apologise . 
  it 's fucking disgusting . 
  everyone who sent a death threat needs to be arrested and deported or imprisoned . 
  multiculturalism has failed and we need , as a society , to stand up for fundamental english values like freedom of speech , freedom of the press and the rule of law . 
  if they want to live in some feudal shithole they can go back to pakistan . 
  i do n't follow american politics so i 'm pretty clueless when it comes to these things . 
  i laughed when i got jill stein despite stating that i do not believe in man-made global warming or support homosexual marriage . 
  this was probably the most thorough argument , but it drags on over a number of posts and i get kind of grouchy after awhile : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/ve941/is_it_likely_well_see_a_british_withdrawal_from/c53r0qa?context=3 and some others here : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/vusjm/david_cameron_is_prepared_to_consider_a/c57vzim?context=3 http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/vkclf/britain_and_the_eu_a_brixit_looms/c559xy8?context=3, 
  i honestly ca n't be bothered to explain this fully again , it 's the same arguments and you people rarely listen anyway . 
  it basically comes down to trade , legislative independence , culture , civil liberties and money . 
  there are very few benefits , if any at all , of british membership in the eu . 
  i can see how it benefits the eu but not how it can benefit british people . 
  a completely independent united kingdom . 
  europe can do what it wants without great britain . 
  as a eurosceptic and member of ukip i am very much aware of why people are sceptical of europe . 
  simply reforming the constitutional setup to be more democratic will not quieten eurosceptics . 
  i want this country to have the same level of control over international trade that switzerland has , i want a lower european budget contribution , i want assurances that europe will not try to interfere in british affairs and i want to have an independent currency . 
  all of these are contrary to the long term plan for the european project . 
  at some point each of these is going to have to be given up if there is to be a united states of europe with britain included . 
  the eu as it stands is such a mess . 
  the legislation it passes is harmful and the cost to the tax payer is astronomical . 
  there are countries that benefit from the union , but great britain is n't one of them . 
  so i will stick to what i said . 
  `` staying a free and independent nation is more important than anything else at this point '' . 
  i am definitely on the more extreme end of the euroscepticism scale but my views are not much different from many people within ukip . 
  i consider germany to be foreign . 
  it may be very similar to the united kingdom , more so than most of europe , but it is n't my country . 
  the environment is not a global issue , what britain does to it 's environment is nobody else 's business . 
  ip is not really a major issue , you would expect any capitalist society to have protections . 
  i do n't want europe having any say in britain 's laws . 
  if britain was to join a federal europe , it would actually lose weight . 
  before the common market came about britain could go anywhere and make whatever trade deals it wanted . 
  now the country has to fight it out with europe to get anything done . 
  just imagine if the country had to do the same with all foreign relations . 
  how can you possibly say that losing all of your sovereignty to foreign powers is beneficial ? 
   it 's just that more and more policy is global , be it about the environment or trade or `` intellectual property . '', 
  the emerging powers will eventually be influential enough to dominate global policy in these areas . 
  why on earth would britain need europe to look after it 's own environment and ip laws ? 
  what can europe possibly give us as a state in this regard ? 
  i 'll never understand why the voice of reason is always at the bottom of the page . 
  europhiles ca n't get it into their thick skulls that the eu is bad for britain . 
  the empire and united kingdom 's place as a world power are irrelevant in this argument . 
  staying a free and independent nation is more important than anything else at this point . 
  even if the uk was to join a european super state , the uk would cease to not only be a world player but it would cease to be a soverign state . 
  this is more proof that the conservatives are completely out of touch with their voters , ukip will continue to grow on the back of their incompetence . 
  european regulation is a cancer on this country . 
  the human rights act gives criminals and terrorists rights at the expense of those who fulfil all their responsibilities to society . 
  it 's effectively a villain 's charter . 
  the left tries to paint anyone who opposes the human rights act as opposing the concept of human rights . 
  in reality people are calling for a real human rights bill that codifies actual rights and removes the rot . 
  on the subject of bureaucracy , the european union has put a number of harmful policies in place that damage business and make absolutely no sense . 
  they 're even trying to put a quota in place to mandate female participation in executive boardrooms . 
  this is the sort of nonsensical rubbish that europe gives us . 
   leave the council of europe i 'm not sure where you 've got this idea from . 
  i 've not heard it discussed before . 
   some of that might work , some might not i have no idea but i agree , for my own human rights sake that a quick vote would be a mistake . 
  england pretty much invented human rights . 
  as a country it has always had an amazing human rights record . 
  it 's so good that the rest of the world has tried to adopt the english legal and constitutional values . 
  so i 'm sure you can sleep at night knowing you 're safe . 
  europe does not have the same history . 
  much of the continent was still run by dictatorial governments until fairly recently . 
  so having countries like germany , poland , spain and greece dictate english law is moronic . 
  they know nothing of this country or its traditions . 
  we will be better off without the eu and the echr . 
  at the moment britain has no control over making trade deals , if the country was to leave the eu it could rejoin the wto and set up free trade deals with the countries it is already close to . 
  leaving the eu has nothing to do with diplomatic relations , it 's about keeping our sovereignty . 
  the way we are going there wo n't be any diplomatic relations , there wo n't even be a british nation . 
  why would it make a blind bit of difference whether america trades with europe ? 
  that 's completely irrelevant . 
  the united kingdom needs complete independence from this political and economic prison if it wants any chance of economic growth . 
  alone great britain would have complete control over trade deals around the world . 
   explain to me the benefit of british culture as it is at the moment to britain . 
  to me , british patriotism and ` culture ' seems to be love the monarch , your football team , complain about everything alien to you and try to keep out the brownies . 
  it 's about loving your country and everything that is great about it . 
  this includes the democratic and legal processes , independence , history , culture and self-sufficiency , all of which are slowly being eroded away by europeans and foreign influences . 
  on the subject of `` brownies '' , it 's true that multiculturalism has failed . 
  immigrants need to conform to british culture or it just wo n't work . 
  british people should not bend to their rules .
