  yeah there is just this little thing called human rights standing in the way . 
   there are rules and mechanism inside europen union to deal with these kind of things and they have to respect them eventualy . 
  which is why i 'm happy about those sanctions . 
  poland should n't take refugees because germany says so , but because its the fair way to act . 
  equality , exactly . 
  not greece and italy having to take all the refugees . 
  thats the fucking point . 
  no , that regimes form people . 
  a lot . 
  so basically i 'm saying the opposite . 
  i know quite a few iranians who are still very secular and just happen to live under an oppressive regime . 
  money . 
  never heard of that . 
  the people are the same . 
  you know , what is the point of having a country in the eu that contradicts the unions principles ? 
  none . 
  and poland does n't even pay for anything , they receive . 
  if kaczynski wants to play populist rightwing authorianism he can , but please outside of the eu . 
  some have a more civil political discourse than others . 
   right . 
  but do you think the ` extreme right ' and neo-nazi element has enough of a presence on r/europe to significantly manipulate voting trends ? 
  you have n't been here 1-2 years ago , have you . 
  maybe orban is just really that much of a cunt . 
  btw we use `` nazi '' to refer to neo-nazis and any extreme right-wingers in germany . 
  normally , yes , i do n't know why this gets upvoted so much . 
  i guess the nazis got so excited before they realized it was a german . 
  increasing the minimum wage would be the ideal solution as it would increase german imports . 
   and after all this is only 3 % of the german job market . 
  but a growing part of the job market . 
  that there are so many minimum wage , and * especially * temporary employment jobs is indeed a big problem . 
  and it would be easily solvable if somebody in the government had the balls to implement some actually working laws . 
  they just recently implemented new laws to prevent companies from exploiting workers but those laws were lobbied to death and in the end are completely fucking useless . 
  contracted employees have to be paid equally as normal employees . 
  as long as they have been working for longer than 18 months . 
  guess what , you can fire them and hire them a month later and the whole process starts anew . 
  its fucking shameful . 
  and this happens with the social democratic party in the government , mind you . 
  yes , die linke has got some ridiculous ideas , but at least them i trust with doing shit about those part time jobs . 
  also they wo n't get into the government anyway so at least we can build some actual pressure on the government if we vote left . 
  what a childish conflict . 
  but macedonia does include part of ancient macedonia does n't it ? 
  yes , but that does n't change the fact that we have to switch to clean energy now anyway . 
  also saving the planet, 
  losses in money ? 
  well fucking duh but making money is n't the god damn point . 
  well then . 
  i have motivation . 
  like those that ignore their own supreme court . 
  until its adopted , yes . 
  terrorists . 
  call them what they are , terrorists . 
  yeah but everybody keeps pretending that merkel is the leader of the eu , while in reality she is only the longest-serving leader in the part of the eu that wants progress . 
  no the point is that if they wo n't agree the uk is just out . 
  if anybody feels like throwing a tantrum the uk is out and theres no extension of the period . 
  which is , btw , something that really needs to be changed . 
  i really do n't feel like we should be held up so much by some of those regressive ass regimes we have in the union nowadays . 
  that is really sad . 
  why are people so dumb ? 
  why are people so . 
  damn . 
  full of themselves . 
  cant people show some fucking solidarity ? 
  actually there is infrastructure et cetera . 
  not as much as in europe , of course , but plenty . 
  you are just poorly informed . 
   doing its utmost to prevent the inflow . 
  and what if that is n't enough ? 
  libya is in a state of civil war . 
  not much you can do there . 
  yeah maybe expectations of quantum leaps ( btw `` quantum '' is totally unfitting here ) are pretty dumb to have . 
  you get the point ? 
  i personally am mostly concerned with those lazy , job-stealing migrants from slovenia coming here and taking my job !, 
  and then they drink all day and throw their trash on the streets ... 
  `` mainland europe '', 
  you think so ? 
  i really think 1990 was already worst-case . 
  which , while certainly terrible , did n't destabilize the rest of europe . 
  and neither could it today . 
  its economic impact is insignificant and its neighbors are stable enough . 
  nice !, 
  bla bla bla were not bailing them out , getting out of communism just is n't easy . 
  everybody saw this coming , even the guy who started all this and pretended not to see it coming in order for the people to stop being selfish cunts and help our countrymen . 
  what a fucking landslide holy moly, 
  but is it the governments fault ? 
  or the `` fault '' of the entire situation ? 
   should not be ignored if this force is to be a success . 
  i mean i would understand if you said that they should be included if we want a force representing all of europe , but poland seems to be following its own course these days and if they do n't wan na play democracy i personally really do n't want them to join . 
  and purely logistically france , germany and italy are easily more than enough . 
  we got lots of high tech gear . 
  does n't ireland have quite the good industry on its own by now ? 
  yeah right the nordics rely on natos protection either way . 
  i get that the finns are proud about the winter war but russia wo n't fail that hard a second time . 
  at some point it might be worth forcing it . 
  tax havens are an abomination that should be killed off . 
  it lets companies get away with a crazy amount of money . 
  because of the eu , actually . 
  huge transfers and huge market potential . 
  what does it matter ? 
  at this rate our interests are similar enough that i do n't care how they call it . 
  oh no teh mooselimbs are taking over !!!,
