  which if course was heavily supported by closing the balkan route . 
  i 'm sure italians have no strong opinions on this . 
  calm down donald, 
  at least their tax plans actually do something instead of keeping the status quo . 
  actually i was going to vote left until the spd released their tax plans , which are really nice . 
  so now i 'll see what i will do . 
  no , it would n't . 
  the only way i can see her losing the chancellorship is the spd accepting rrg . 
  rrg does have the majority but the spd is too right for rrg . 
   as it stands for anarchism bullshit, 
  its an organization that is anti nazis , so against pegida , neonazis et cetera . 
  which is why i am surprised if this really was antifa or if he is just calling them antifa because he does n't like antifa . 
  wait , is this antifa ? 
  would n't make sense , there are no nazis at the g20 . 
  that doesnt excuse anything, 
  kazakhstan also terrorists ca n't hit your world trade center if its so small they ca n't hit your world trade center, 
  healthy debate . 
  nice . 
   palestinians get the same perks . 
  none of israel 's critics call the arabs out on their barbarity because ww2 has convinced westerners they 're all secretly nazis deep inside . 
  no , we do n't call them out because they are getting shot at sight anyway . 
  they are being dealt with . 
  the israelis on the other hand are getting billions . 
  heads are gon na roll i hope, 
  no but the holocaust is not the topic, 
  no shit, 
  i mean it was a joke so do n't worry haha but for the sake of argument , if i look at the people who truly hate america ( not make fun of it or think america has done plenty of stupid evil stuff ) i would get the idea that america is pretty great . 
  universally hated ? 
  you might have missed the point , it is that soros is not * universally * hated . 
  he is hated by a bunch of really dumb people . 
  if i had no idea about soros i would love him just because of the kind of people that hate him . 
  if almost every single fucking idiot in the western world hates him he must be pretty cool . 
   plus he supports violent terrorist groups such as the black lives matter . 
  this shit has 5 upvotes . 
  this is fishy . 
  very fishy . 
   it 's also experiencing great growth and does n't live in perpetual fear of terrorism , but that probably has nothing to do with anything . 
  certainly not with the western european money getting funneled into it . 
  certainly not with the general insignificance it has in world politics . 
  so it helps socially excluded and mentally challenged people find a way back into society ? 
  that does n't sound like a bad thing at all . 
  hahahahaha gives you guys great humor tho, 
  i certainly do n't judge shit on * accusations * . 
  alright hitler . 
  yeah soulless evil street corner kebap magnates . 
  the fuck are you talking about . 
   what 's the point of germany if it 's not german ? 
  i dunno i live here it feels pretty important to me . 
  that 50 % of the people on rt are apparently mentally challenged and not able to write neither coherent not grammatically correct sentences . 
  maybe it was their kink ? 
  politicians have funny kinks , just ask dave cam, 
  since the end of the cold war . 
  the events and the immigration after ww2 is what made the us great in the first place . 
  why not a great person ? 
  yeah he got his dick sucked by this secretary girl , but thats not something i measure the potus on . 
  if he did good for some 300 million people or more i could n't care less if he cheated on his wife ten times over . 
   has it helped croatia for the better ? 
  of course it has, 
  whatever was this germany thing anyway das sch\u00f6nste land in deutschlands gau ` n , das ist mein badner land . 
   eu was just a trade union yeah thats exactly the problem . 
  its not just a trade union . 
  and we are making it even less of a trade union . 
  if the v4 do n't like it , feel free to leave . 
  but who am i kidding , they like the money . 
  they should use capital data only , that way finland and sweden wouldnt be so inflated by their nomansland . 
  so many guns ? 
  no way . 
  superior ? 
  not really . 
  but certainly with some differences in our values . 
  maybe the only solution is a eu of different speeds . 
  on one hand i want to help the people of the balkans and prevent escalation , on the other hand recent events in eastern europe have shown that we do n't really share as many common values as we thought ... 
  it happened . 
   which country would lead this army ? 
  everybody . 
  but that would be no problem since we really do n't need our guys running around all over the place . 
  also national armies and an eu army are not mutually exclusive . 
  we can have a large defensive common army while maintaining national special forces if france wants to play whack-a-mole in africa etc. 
   some people will read this and dismiss it as islamophobic . 
  why would they ? 
  dream on, 
  hahahaha what a cunt if that is true that is . 
  60 years are a long time . 
  60 years ago we were just done trying to kill each other as hard as we could . 
  it can easily happen . 
  my ex had bad hearing because of listening to too loud music . 
  me neither . 
  we are n't bothered by name-calling , cs_thor just completely misrepresented reality . 
  the average german has his head so high up his arse that he does n't give a shit what other countries think about him . 
  luckily the average german also had a good education on the world wars and is thus very anti-militaristic . 
  i brought them up , but i compared isis to the nazis , not the muslims in general . 
  huge difference . 
  if you read the article you would realize that this is total bs . 
  do i have to join anti-nazi protests in germany in order to be considered a good german ? 
  actually no , the populists are losing hard in most countries . 
   maybe germany should do the same , that would be a wise move . 
  yeah now were getting to the bottom of it . 
   as they should . 
  exactly not that . 
  we go around the world reminding everybody how they should respect human rights and when we have a little problem we should ignore them ?
