  i do n't think we can do much about tertiarization of our western economy ... 
  yeah !, 
  who else can say they have underseas territory ? 
  with undersea cities , blackjack and even more hookers than we have already ? 
   people are very poorly and most often wrongly informed idiots . 
  i love how people tell on themselves with their usernames . 
  what is the exact problem people have with hollande ? 
  was the average weighted by population ? 
  i think i saw a refugee once . 
  but maybe he was just fresh out of the sun studio , i dunno . 
   the party leaders are careful not to express anything too radical more or less . 
  sometimes less . 
  shooting kids at the border and such . 
  seehofer never fails to make me hate him for a different reason each day . 
  too bad schr\u00f6der sealed the deal . 
  this guy poisoned a significant part of the party for me . 
  we had no fucking business in afghanistan . 
  he is responsible for thousands of deaths . 
   they are n't racists/bigots/sexists ahahahaha are you real ? 
  who of you people upvote this shit ? 
  is everybody going mad ? 
  the outside world has been slowly going insane for some time now so at least im ready for it . 
  the spd would have a chance if schr\u00f6der happened 50 years go . 
  so far we did it . 
  no apocalypse incoming . 
  the chocoloate coffe in my cafeteria being 15 cents more expensive is close to cataclysm but not quite . 
  and that coming from you , holy shit . 
  if it would do that it would not be a fantasy game any more mate . 
  it already borrows almost everything . 
  oh trust me he has said a lot of other shit too ... 
  i do think our political culture is * relatively * good though . 
   but in this times we need someone who gives the people the feeling of `` i know your worries and we can solve this ! '' . 
  this is the one thing merkel is n't capable of . 
  actually i think by now that is what she does . 
  and i am also not convinced that this is what people need . 
  maybe they really are simply dumb racists . 
  is that a challenge ? 
  its been pretty clear since 5 years at least !, 
  look at the weighting . 
  russia is in europe , like it or not . 
  europe ends at the ural . 
  is the frontier work in ai done by start-ups ? 
  i kinda doubt it . 
  geographic borders ftw, 
  people able to speak english and willing to talk to you probably make up those 30 % . 
  anyway , if you are able to differentiate between american black and african black you likely are n't racist in the first place . 
  racists are dumb people . 
  oh yeah , the people of a country absolutely ca n't have a really stupid opinion about things , history has * never * proven otherwise . 
  oh no youre destroying the fairytale !, 
  dude , a person is n't a society . 
  stop the prejudice . 
  yeah lets pretend it would be equal if it said `` german '' instead . 
  can we please face reality ? 
  you think people can tell the difference ? 
  and how the hell would they ? 
  if i see a random black dude on the street we do n't talk to each other so no way to figure it out ... 
  thankfully somebody getting rid of that fairy tale of no racism in europe . 
  there is a fuckton of racism in all of europe , but especially in the east . 
  no because marrying a muslim does not mean you have to become one and you should know that you idiot . 
  also nobody was talking about marriage . 
  youre just a superstitious idiot . 
   massive news : trump just gave millions back to americans that obama had robbed -- look where he found it , you will be surprised yeaahhh fuck that source . 
  i would divide by ww and post-ww alliances as well as geographic/cultural differences . 
  western europe is france , britain and benelux . 
  southern europe is spain , italy , portugal . 
  northern europe are the nordic countries . 
  eastern europe is * every * slavic , ex-sowjet country . 
  balkans are southeastern europe . 
  [ and sing your anthem ] ( / https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlx4nyrw1bi ), 
  the country maybe , the people in it are really fucking high tho, 
  imo you do n't have to be overly scared of russia as long as you are the eu/nato . 
  russia can fuck with weaker countries , but they are economically so weak that they ca n't do much . 
  they do n't rig them ... yet . 
  i am not talking about your point , but i think its better for discussion if you do n't address them as `` you '' but instead say `` putin '' , `` stalin '' etc. 
  keeps things less personal and is in the case of a non-democratic nation also more accurate . 
  as long as the big countries spain , france , italy and germany are on board it does n't matter too much . 
  yes and no ... 
  i am sorry but in case kaczynski and orban continue down the path they are on they , in my opinion , have no business in the an union of democratic nations . 
  the disturbing lack of empathy here is disgusting me . 
  our very society here in the west is built on forgiveness and empathy you idiots . 
  its why we do n't do shit like that to criminals . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/wirtschaft/soziales/spd-steuerkonzept-von-martin-schulz-die-wichtigsten-inhalte-erklaert-a-1153000.html the graph there is pretty neat . 
  you should be able to understand the axis . 
  it took him too long and people do n't care about taxes . 
  which is weird because his tax plan actually does change things massively . 
   their immigration policy is much too open to resonate with the german public at large or is it ? 
  christian lindner can go fuck himself . 
  can you give me an overview of his policies ? 
  of course you ca n't pay for the loss of life and the suffering , but poland of all countries got 1/4th of germany including a bunch of huge cities . 
  what is it with eastern europeans not using plural or articles ? 
  not that it bothers me , but i can tell where you are from just by reading your grammar ... 
  too bad that that does n't work out as well as we thought . 
  probably because you drink so much tea . 
  supply and demand , you know ... 
  what about when living in a rural town ? 
  in lithuania , yes . 
  it says so on the map . 
  and i walk into a mercadona and i 'm like `` holy shit this place is expensive '' . 
  so it * is n't * only based on gdppc ? 
  that seems unfair .
