  she had been trying to do that for ages . 
  yes she was a bitch of wall-street , but no more or less than the ones before her , and certainly not less than the one after her . 
  blame the voters . 
  time for us to move out again , this time as a savior ? 
  but seriously i 'd be waaay more scared of le pen than i am of trump . 
  le pen could really fuck shit up . 
  great solution , has worked out exactly zero times in human history . 
  just keep in mind that quantum uncertanity is neglegible and overthink the whole thing again . 
  its already here but except for a demo at fucking 1 am with as many policemen as demonstrants i havent noticed shit . 
  dam son, 
  no , they know that they get more votes if they pretend like there could be grave economic consequences . 
  just look how shitty americas situation in the 20th century was after mass immigration of germans in the early 20th century . 
  the terrible , terrible economic consequences are a lie . 
  all those people will spend the money they get right back into the economy . 
  not mentioning the fact that the spending on the refugees is a drop in the fucking ocean . 
  and no , the cdu is not anti-multiculturalism . 
  its only their doctrine to not allow a party further right than the cdu itself . 
  think of it as an anti-nazi protection mechanism . 
   but that decision was not ideological it was definitely also ideological . 
  link ? 
  this sounds so absurd that i have trouble believing it . 
  there are minimum sentences for rape . 
  well i guess it make very much sense to make it impossible to change ... 
  how difficult would it be to change that system ? 
  i see they collected data from all important parts of the world . 
  also , was this map made by hannibal or something ? 
  or why does n't rome control sicily any more ? 
  they forgot the most important factor , the hotness of the girls . 
  there southern europe is unbeatable . 
  i thought anti-german was just some made up term by the far right ? 
  as long as its not wasted for new rifles or tanks . 
  put 90 % of it into the airforce . 
   these sanctions only hurt the working people and have no purpose . 
   or would that affect cdu and spd business interests ? 
  yes . 
  but it really depends on the situation inside of the party . 
   and her lack of charisma ahahahhahaaha yeah right that is why she does n't get co-operation from other members . 
  meh independent cultural landscape ? 
  not so much . 
  yeah well thing is that if the pattern continues the math of today will be useful in 100 years . 
  what terrorists, 
  its not . 
  why would we do that, 
  more food for thought : the evolution timeframe of 2 years is too small . 
  the naysayers wo n't survive erasmus . 
  you ca n't avoid people loving the eu if you give 50 % of its academics the best year of their life . 
  imprison the people whore responsible . 
  that really depends on whether you view this conflict as a matter of sunni vs shia or full arab spring as a push for democracy . 
  i do n't think its whataboutism , after all we are not russians but rather part of the nato . 
  its more a call to clean our own closet . 
  we are supporting the usa in the middle east after all !, 
  thats the point, 
  they should be auto-banned . 
  did n't you see what this sub was a year ago ? 
  yeah right am i missing something or is wagenknecht talking a lot more bs than gysi ? 
   but she wants to go to germany where her husband is . 
  well its her husband lol, 
  its not . 
  that is all of the problems we have right now in a nutshell , everybody only thinking about themselves . 
  fine , but i want people in jail . 
  serious question , why do you think political culture is the way it is there ? 
  compared to say , here . 
  still because of communism ? 
  hahahaha is it the german dude ? 
  * you * have much bigger problems in austria, 
  d-d-d-damage control, 
   like i know you had the nazi but get over your right-wing obsession already , it 's very boring . 
  so , blitzkrieg party at your house next friday then ? 
  i 'll make sure to hang you at your arms from the roof till your joints break . 
  and the state is totally breaking down here / s, 
  yay were the good guys, 
  we could get them asylum in germany i guess . 
  may the polish government please suck `` our european values '' ass . 
  there is not the islam . 
  different people have different beliefs . 
  and 99 % of them are peaceful . 
  only problem is that french politics have been alienating them hard , so i do n't know if they feel like helping very much . 
  anecdotal evidence . 
  my countrymen are idiots, 
  they are not dictating our foreign policy mate . 
  one of them is not like the others . 
  damn why are the brits so happy ? 
  because nazis are a waaaayyy bigger problem than refugees . 
  they also do n't work , but not because they do n't speak the language or because of other obvious problems but rather because they are idiots . 
   legitimate concerns and what if there are no legitimate concerns but only lie-induced hatred ? 
  for real though , the npd got 5 % there regularly . 
  and they have very few refugees . 
  this means that place has at least twice as many nazis as refugees for fucks sake . 
  and i 'm talking actual nazis . 
  npd is the extreme right . 
  its just a bunch of hot air to get votes , pay it no mind . 
   a halt on refugees because fuck them and fuck our law ? 
  you must be a nice person !, 
  `` look , nazis ! '', 
  do they ? 
  all the afd has caused maiziere sputtering useless bullshit every week that wo n't make it past the verfassungsgericht . 
  i can do without that . 
  not because it has consequences ( he is just talking bs after all , not acutally doing any of that ) but it is really bad for my blood pressure . 
  you mean behaving like a selfish asshole ? 
  i 'm sure the rest of the eu will just love us if we leave them alone with the immigrants .
