yeah the fact that you can read it probably means that it is not very important . 
  russia knows that the nato is not planning to invade anyone in europe . 
  russia knows that nato has much more to lose than russia . 
  unrecognizable . 
  who cares, 
   russia does see nato as a threat to their security . 
  russia is not stupid and thus they do n't think that . 
  because thinking that would be retarded , which russia is not . 
  also your comparison with the shops does not fit at all . 
  that would be such a lovely move i 'd almost start to like our government for it . 
  if we would not be willing to put up with their human rights abuse , what would you do ? 
  because i ca n't see anything that would change their stance apart from real divine intervention which is unlikely to happen . 
  and if we go to war and the whole of eastern europe goes down the drain that is still better than a russian annexation of ukraine ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i think most people are rather opressed and alive than free and dead . 
  crimea and the other parts are not really worth a war with russia since escalation can not be completely ruled out . 
  i suggest we back ukraine with a ton of money so they can really dig themselves in and ( re ) build economy . 
  then we profit from the flight of the intelligenzija which is in full force . 
  ( did i spell correctly ? 
  2.2 bn is nothing . 
  this is just some bullshit which is instrumentalized by media and stupid populists to make people say and think stupid shit . 
  the whole `` panic '' on this sub and in foreign media was so stupid haha . 
  obviously . 
  which retard would seriously believe something else ? 
  if you ware willing to travel this far you probably are not lazy . 
  not invade sovereign countries . 
  so what ? 
  the society of the other parts of the world is not like ours either . 
  or even the society of the families of the fighters . 
  that is surprising realtalk for the man who overlooked some rather large hole in some certain reunification plans . 
  so under this logic you would say that all the crusaders of the middle ages were downright mad ? 
  just like all other religious soldiers ? 
  just like all the dozens of millions of catholics and protestants who fought each other in the 30 years war ? 
  you are a fool if you underestimate the power of religious propaganda . 
  we in the west were just as much subject to it as the muslims are now . 
  mercy ? 
  forgiveness ? 
  who needs that crap ? 
  and since we do n't have it , they ca n't learn it from us so that we hate each other until we are all dead . 
  do you idiots not realize that this lack of mercy and forgiveness is exactly what made the middle east into the shitfest that it is ? 
  how can we expect them to have it if we do n't have it ourselves ? 
  german reunification cost germany 100 billion every year . 
  yet we bought 3 hours of life for every euro we spent . 
  that is worth it !, 
  the lives that can be saved are worth more than the economy !, 
  it is worth the 2008 crisis times ten !, 
   more vaccination and yet life expectancy was 3 years higher in the west . 
   during the course of the evening , that same official also volunteered that , were the guant\u00e1namo detainees on german soil , the federal republic would not know exactly what to do with them . 
  first of all we probably would not have captured them because , i think , we still go by `` in dubio pro reo '' . 
  second we would have probably thrown them in jail or something . 
  we would not have tortured them and that is basically all that matters . 
  obviously to subdue all other european countries and then launch a big collective attack on our arch-enemy england . 
  its easier to blame the fault onto foreigners than blaming yourself . 
  sorry , i ca n't summarize nazism in a reddit post . 
  but let me tell you that you do n't want anything like it in your country . 
  i suggest you to study more about nazism before you say anything more . 
  ah another glorious leader !, 
  the hagia sophia . 
  still on our side motherfuckers !, 
  because people are chauvinistic retards who ca n't think . 
  because apparently humans are hateful by nature . 
  it takes catastrophies to remind them that hate is not a good thing . 
  i meant `` the true horrors of war '' . 
  the real war starts when civilians die . 
   whole german left has been yapping like that for months , acting as good old `` useful idiots '' , playing part written for them by papa putin . 
  the one reason i do n't trust them . 
  do n't worry , the kingdom of new swabia shall make them rise from the ashes !, 
  who runs this channel ? 
  could the world ban the csu from opening their mouths ? 
  oh yeah the pilots want more money . 
  once again . 
  but i tell you what , there are other who do more and more important work and they do n't get as much money . 
  much more important was the strike of the gdl which resultet in millions of germans not being able to party on the weekend . 
  horrifying !, 
  even religions have to follow the law and since scientology is obviously predatory bullshit its obvioiusly not legal . 
  nice !, 
  this could tell you that there is a massive islamophobia going on . 
  and thats a problem . 
  secularism means not giving any power to any religion but it also means not discriminating any religion . 
  and in some countries what has been going on has been very close to doing that , which in itself is a disgrace to our continent . 
  it is a disgrace that a popular party leader suggests something that is forbidden by the fundamental law of a country in order to end discrimination in a country which such a bad history . 
  ok , whatever . 
  not cool . 
  really really not cool . 
  what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  i think you are doing it wrong on a very basic level . 
  a good kebab is not worse than an average pizza in my opinion . 
  hahaha what a bunch of retards, 
  was . 
  not any longer the case . 
  does ww2 count ? 
  you ca n't compare western economy with chinese economy . 
  slavery and inhumane working conditions are no option for us . 
  an eagle because we were probably the first to use it heraldically . 
  and then spqr . 
  this graph is retarded . 
  make decreasing and increasing population in different colors ... 
  so what . 
  doing that would be legal , different from some other fun activities like invading sovereign countries . 
  i do n't see why not .
