  i dunno , calling people parasites for example . 
  ignorant ? 
  i do n't know . 
  the sad thing is that thsoe people are not necessarily ignorants but actually just assholes . 
  holy shit what a depressing concept . 
  so depressing that i am not gon na click on that link . 
  in order to be nice people . 
  if you are this rich and do n't want to share your wealth you are an asshole . 
  especially since we made a lot of our wealth by oppressing other nations . 
  huh i thought the whole drone-thingy was scrapped ? 
  holy shit i know romania was not wealthy but i did not expect that . 
  hmm ? 
  i thought that italy was so pissed at the rest of europe not helping that they just started giving them permission to move around freely ? 
  i have seen an increasing amount of hostility towards immigrants on / r/europe and it saddens my heart . 
  during the plague there were places where 80 % of the population died . 
  i think it can happen very easily that all wealthy of an are die with those numbers . 
  currently , i hear , you are busy organizing fake oktoberfests ? 
  i am not sure if that will cut it . 
  were doing vacation there often enough , no ? 
  good weather and good food . 
  also hot women . 
  no , it does n't show up in the unread messages . 
  i took you for a german since you used `` oder '' above . 
  it hurts , trust me . 
  yes it does . 
  or , rather , it makes me feel bad about you when you do those things . 
  makes me lose faith in humanity . 
  makes me feel like / pol / invaded the sub . 
  i can assure you that i do n't wish bad things to stupid teenagers . 
  dude you realize we western countries have the most powerful armies in the world ? 
  and do you realize that turkey , which is probably the most powerful muslim country , is on our side and is not going to invade us ? 
  you are paranoid and need to stop reading extremist right wing bullshit . 
  the muslims in the middle east are fighting among themselves . 
  we did the exact same thing in the 30 years war . 
  they are just a bit behind but will eventually settle too . 
  it does not matter what they did . 
  children are children . 
  how do you think do they recruit all those child soldiers in africa ? 
  would you advocate leaving them in their misery too ? 
  just because you are smart enough to be an extremist idiot at your age that does n't mean others are . 
  do n't project your own life and experiences onto others . 
  like i said , it happened in the middle ages . 
  before the british empire , before the austrian-hungarian empire and before both world wars . 
  are you seriously afraid that muslims will overtake the western world ? 
  then i am afraid to tell you that you are a fool . 
  we have spread christianity just as much if not more than the muslims spread islam and yet the middle east is pretty much entirely muslim . 
  they were part of the ottoman empire you bird . 
  of course they have a lot of muslims , get your facts straight . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ottoman_empire#mediaviewer/file:ottomanempirein1683.png just as the christian empires `` christianised '' many countries , the ottomans did the exact same thing , but that happened in the fucking middle ages . 
  there is no `` secret muslim invasion '' or anything of that kind happening right now . 
   i do n't get this , a month ago i was seventeen . 
  yeah i expected something along those lines . 
   yet i have not done anything as stupid as joining a terrorist organization . 
  that 's a special kind of stupid . 
  that hormones or whatever other bullshit excuse people give for adolescents to behave wildly simply does not cover . 
  i have done some stupid shit , drank when i should not but joining a something like daesh is not one of them . 
  that is a special kind of stupid or mad thing to do that `` teenagers '' does not cover . 
  because you had a fundamentally different upbringing . 
  the character of a human is almost entirely formed by his past experiences . 
  if you would have been brought up in a very conservative muslim family and gotten friends who are even more conservative chances are that you would have done the exact same thing . 
  you are not fundamentally smarter than those girls . 
  so do n't be so quick to judge others . 
   forgiveness and mercy will do a lot to help us when our churches are mosques and our throats cut open . 
  we can not forgive terrorists , if we do that we will plant seeds for our own destruction . 
  you have been reading the wrong stuff . 
  just like these girls , but of the opposite direction . 
  those people can not invade our countries and they can not change our society . 
  it is just stupid politicians who use fear as their tool to make people say and do stupid things . 
  that we do n't hate everybody who is different and not as culturally developed as us is the very thing that sets us apart from the terrorists . 
  if you hate them and wish them all to die you think very similar to them , do n't you notice ? 
  they also hate us because we are different than them . 
  do you want to sink to their level ? 
   we are disgusting and inhumane for not wanting these girls to come back ? 
  as opposed to beheading aid workers , journalists or anyone who does not exactly believe in what we believe ? 
  if you use others cruelty and mistakes to excuse our own this race is on its best way to extinction . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  if i was there father and reading those comments here ... 
  i would be thinking i am in the wrong country . 
  be careful with those `` jokes '' . 
  as you can see there are plenty people in here who seriously lack empathy for other people and who think any person can have a clear and rational view on the world regardless of upbringing , and that can end very badly . 
  i thought we had learned from our past mistakes , but apparently we are forgetting them already . 
  you sound like one of these idiots from / r/theredpill . 
   because they are teenagers and girls we should take extra care of them ? 
  yes , exactly . 
  teenagers are young and make mistakes . 
  are you seriously incapable of understanding this basic feature of human nature ? 
  and even if they were not kids , the reason that our culture is superior is that it is , supposedly , based on forgiveness and mercy . 
  all those mad idiots callling for abandoning them are no better than the crazy is terrorists . 
  so many disgusting inhumane assholes in here . 
  i really need to get out of this sub and all those cruel fuckers . 
  what has the world done to you that you are so cold hearted ? 
  hitler , technically . 
  people loved him . 
  other than that possibly merkel . 
  once again the famous poll : 70 % think that merkel is great and 70 % think that the government is shit . 
  in the same poll . 
  why ? 
  the turks came here half a century ago during the economic boom because we called them to come here . 
  if we want cheap workers we also need to face the price of getting cheap labor from a less educated country . 
  and i am not even sure about the less educated part .
