  depends on your moral standards, 
  how can you be so fucking blind to history ? 
  there are red flags that always meant the same exact shit !, 
  and the risk is such a catastrophe that those red flags should never ever be ignored , no matter what . 
  alright then , redpilloverdose . 
  the eu ca n't kick them out because orban is doing the same shit . 
  wait you guys have internet ? 
  polan can into democracy ?!, 
  what even is this comparison ? 
  also there is not even a left wing equivalent because that would be a bunch of hippies . 
   the executive or the parliament decides the position of the judges . 
  same thing really . 
  wait are you talking about pools ? 
  yeah no, 
  im talking about separation of power . 
  more like the opposite, 
  you know that fucking up the courts is exactly how erdogan and other dictators come into power ? 
  dont be a fool !, 
  actually this is the perfect time to promote this so the eurosceptics see that the eu is not only an institution for the big companies . 
  well shit, 
  are they afraid of becoming to german ? 
  fucking barbarians , shoutout to / r/doener !, 
  thats why they are all so ugly . 
  the thumbnail looks like a photo so i was about to make a sarcastic comment about your `` drawing '' skills . 
  well ... nice drawing skills man, 
  that was actually important because it could be abused like crazy . 
  jewish pop . 
  in germany 1925 564,379 \u2212 8.2 % 1933 503,000 \u2212 10.9 % 1939 234,000 \u2212 53.5 % 1941 164,000 \u2212 29.9 % 1950 37,000 \u2212 77.4 % 1990 30,000 \u2212 18.9 % 1995 60,000 +100.0 % 2002 100,000 +66.7 % 2011 119,000 +19.0 %, 
  actually thats exactly whst it stands for . 
  yeah they might be sick of that fuckhead netanyahu ... 
  point is , theyre the same kind of arsehole . 
  of course netanyahu is a conservative strongman , just look at his rethoric and policies . 
  depends on how much . 
  if its enough and wisely invested it will . 
  kinda morbid, 
  actually its not . 
  thats not relevant . 
  you do n't refuse help to somebody struggling for life , no matter the circumstances . 
  its not about classification , which is what you would do , not what we actually do . 
  they are not criminals . 
  but if they were n't supported they would have to become criminals to survive . 
  which results in an overall shitty state of affairs for everybody except some idiotic right wingers with inflated racial ego . 
  because it drives them into being fugitive criminals . 
  you expect them to stop eating or what ? 
  that would be a really dumb idea . 
  its not worth it . 
  yeah but you got ta check if they got claim for asylum . 
  maybe its a different way of measurement ? 
  this map is from the human development report , not the human development index . 
  might be they value an executive that listens to its judicative , i dunno . 
  depends . 
  maybe you save nobody and 1000 drown . 
  maybe you save 10000 and 2000 drown . 
  maybe you save 10000 and 1000 drown . 
  either way , we should n't let them drown in front of our coastline , its immoral . 
  and we should start a marshallplan for africa really fucking soon . 
  as i said , i do n't believe this is a relevant question , its made on a wrong premise . 
  because then youd see that the risk is n't insignificant , the death tolls are way too high for that . 
  compare it to the risk we encounter in our everyday lives and say that again . 
   the vast majority of them make it , the risk is n't that crazy as you make it out to be , just look at the number of arrivals . 
  then letting them die wo n't change anything either . 
  point is , they come anyway . 
  only a fool would think a few more drowned would change that . 
   the more you rescue , the more come next year . 
  that is the question . 
  i would n't be so sure , the risk is already crazy , i do n't think those few who are saved change anything . 
  and because of this not saving them is totally inhumane . 
  how can you let somebody drown before your doorstep so to say without being an evil cunt ? 
  his hand is so hairy, 
  no i do n't think so . 
  nice article . 
  we should really call it putinophobia . 
  so yeah , you are not german and you have no clue what you are talking about . 
  you can find articles for all kinds of shit , but my personal experience from my everyday live is more valuable than what some american guy wrote after visiting once . 
  a lot of it is prejudice or even wrong ideas of what integration is . 
  integration means respecting the law and thats it . 
   if you think it is go ahead and look at german history with the turkish workers . 
  i do that and i see an assimilation that worked out perfectly . 
  people seem to think that skin makes culture , because those turks integrated almost perfectly . 
  yes , their women wear headscarves , but you know what ? 
  i do n't give a shit , and its nobody elses business either . 
  where are you even from ? 
   and more willing to assimilate than than the average refugee . 
  the refugees are way more willing to integrate , they learn german at a rate that is absolutely astonishing to me . 
  no , they are not . 
  the refugees will integrate soon enough . 
  yeah , look what having a strong leader gets them . 
  why would i want a strong leader that turns the country to shit ? 
  authoritarians really ca n't into logic . 
  at this point the refugee crisis is old news . 
  what really matters is n't how many refugees come here , what matters is how much money bild makes by printing refugee headlines . 
  half of the population is dumber than the other half . 
  this whole crisis is ridiculously blown out of proportion . 
  wait what does the us have to do with this . 
  the german antifa is in germany . 
  whatever anybody who calls themselves antifa somewhere else does does n't matter . 
  this is likely only the work of radical anarchists who are there just to fuck shit up . 
  i admit that i did n't read too many news about this , but i have seen no evidence of antifa being involved , so op might be just trying to discredit antifa . 
  the right-wingers reeeaally dislike antifa . 
   dealing with the refugee crisis .
