  it needs to ** both ** take a look in the mirror and accuse the populists to be populist . 
  sure there are things that are wrong with the eu . 
  however , that is no reason to vote for a racist party which is full of people who are exclusively interested in their own good . 
  if you want to vote for a protest party there are plenty other options , plenty options not insulting your intelligence and morale . 
  kind of . 
  some of the jobs created have absolutely shitty pay . 
  we need to find a way to cut the manager salaries and force them to give that money to those with the shitty jobs instead . 
  ours . 
  we have plenty . 
  just in private pockets . 
  too bad `` being nice '' and `` sharing '' are not very popular concepts in our culture . 
  and the part of the voters which want no immigrants are daydreaming egoists who should be happily ignored . 
  i have to ask that too . 
  some of the cuts are just impossibly clean . 
  for electing a chauvinist , egoist fuckhead . 
  electing someone suggests that you share opinions with them and if 25 % of french voters vote for them my opinion of 25 % of french voters is pretty negative . 
  in germany we had experiences with both the far right and the far left . 
  the far right murdered half of the continent , the far left did not . 
  they were repressing and antidemocratic but nowhere to the same extent . 
  they were left leaning , once . 
  well said . 
  let 's hope that sonneborn and die partei will be successful in making some of their bullshit obvious to the public . 
  populism is spitting out bullshit to gain votes with no intention to serve the public whatsoever . 
  they are not communists . 
  and even if they were there is worse than standing for an utopian fantasy of people being nice . 
  too bad die partei did n't make it . 
  yes ? 
  thats unfortunate . 
  still the stuff they say tends to be absurd bullshit . 
  even if they are , as they say , not against europe but only the current system ( which i think is a blatant lie ) they are populists which is automatically very very bad . 
  we do n't need an european feeling . 
  we just need to work together much much more . 
  the only european feeling we need is the idea of being nice , avoiding war where possible and helping those in need . 
  she indeed often does what the majority of people wants . 
  unfortunately that does n't work so well if the majority of people sometimes want some pretty weird stuff . 
  well cdu forgetting about the c is a good thing . 
  in a nation where state and religion are well split it should not matter anyway . 
  we have very similar values . 
  and the ones we differ about are in no way stopping us from becoming a nation . 
  like in the us where different states have different laws . 
  if the new european state would be lacking stupid patriotism : even better . 
  if we are getting into this : is the speed limited to motion through space or does it also include motion through space and of space as well ? 
  he was just exceptionally good at using it . 
  germany is the most popular country in the world . 
  start basing your bullshit on facts you idiot . 
  just like the gypsies ? 
  compared to merkel they do have r\u00fcckgrat . 
  they have just been slacking on the s part of spd lately . 
  oh and the education policy has been a catastrophy . 
  remember when he said how things are not always super easy and can be complex ? 
  you are clearly one of those who are not capable of understanding this complexity . 
  the us are those who funded our german nation with the marshall plan , those who prevented the russians from turning the whole of the country into the shithole that the ddr was . 
  of course we are not going to stop all diplomatic intercourse with the us !, 
  and anyway , even if the us controlled germany , which they do n't , they do a relatively good job . 
  this guys username means `` all gypsies are scum '' . 
  this guys username means `` all gypsies are scum '' . 
  internet hipsters . 
  the word fascists is being thrown around so very much . 
  what matters is how much power they actually end up getting . 
  after a crisis like this a minority electing the wrong parties is to be expected but as long as its no more than 10 % -15 % i do n't see a catastrophy incoming . 
  and even 40 % are not worth invading the country for as such an act will only gain them more support . 
  good speech . 
  let 's see if the spd will be able to redeem themselves of the disasters of the last 10 years . 
  austrains get more money than germans ? 
  and then proceed to elect far right chauvinists ? 
  how depressing . 
  and why does romania have such a low standard of living ? 
  this is not a self fulfilling prophecy there is more to it than just people leaving . 
  there are other countries which had the russians in their back as well but are booming right now like poland . 
  this had almost no impact whatsoever . 
  in africa there is a lot of sunburn and in europe not so much . 
  with black skin you do n't get as much of sunburn . 
  should it be illegal to call for mass-murder of other people ? 
  yes it should be . 
  are the liberals the same people that roamed germany for many years ? 
  if so : good riddance !, 
  i think generally good education would do just fine . 
  with correct agriculture it should very much be possible to keep the whole of africa fed . 
  problems are mainly war and racism/religious fundamentalism which are easily fought by good education . 
  riding the dick of the growing right-wing populist idiots of france because he is pissed that he lost the last election is not a good sign . 
  you forget that the price of products always depends very much on the average income . 
  stuff is cheaper in romania . 
  hell even the difference between eastern and western germany is huge , even 20 years after the reunification . 
  a start would be not electing right-wing populists . 
  maybe then those people would be a bit more confident in their countries . 
  a ton of german scientists ( like einstein for example ) left germany in the 1930s because of the bullshit the nazis were spreading . 
  you 'd think being a democracy is a requirement for eu membership . 
  the notion that the afd is any better than the cdu in that respect is absolutely laughable . 
  also if a greater variety of opinion means additional egoism that would be a bad thing . 
  and it looks like she is going to be successful , from what i have heard . 
  after all the spd is just the cdu in a red coat . 
  yeah right . 
  no way that happens , germans are way too touchy about politics . 
  im pretty sure the most common name in germany is schmidt o.o, 
  i see it as a 2 for 1 ranking for how awesome a country is . 
  you get the level of democracy + the level of stupidity in only one map !, 
   someone who calls for even more immigration when most of people perceive mass immigration of members of `` non compatible culture '' a major danger for their values and culture is a little extremist , is n't he ? 
  that is just the perception of the right wing people . 
  at least in germany a lot of support for refugees has erupted after the latest few fires . 
  people have decided to take a stand against racism .
