  obviously military action does n't work , how about investing a lot of money into infrastructure , empowering the government , improving education . 
  investing a lot of money without immediate benefit for ourselves haha who am i kidding, 
  because these people need help and we could easily help them if we wanted to . 
  i do believe that someone who refuses help to someone in need is the worst kind of human . 
  especially if they claim that their problems with immigrants is that immigrants do n't understand our values while at the same time shitting on our values themselves . 
  hypocritical asshats and a disease for society . 
  and then there can be the point made that we need immigrants because the population is shrinking , because it would boost the economy et cetera et cetera . 
  welp now i know why i do n't come here any more . 
  if you are german and tired of these inhumane shitheads here i recommend / r/de , we are currently mostly sane people over there . 
  also we really should n't build detention camps . 
  well , everything happened , i guess . 
  seriously not much that did n't happen or a political/economical system we did n't have during that time . 
  which are two very , very different situations though . 
  even less . 
  wars count negative . 
  4 world cups  2 world wars + 1 world cup, 
  why exactly do we have the l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich ? 
  no , did n't you watch the video ? 
  `` proud of not being proud '' . 
  im proud that we are n't nationalistic dorks . 
  `` criticism '', 
   you can and should be proud of your culture and heritage meh . 
   so that is definitely a parody of left wing as well doesnt got shit to do with being left wing, 
  it doesnt go both ways ahahah, 
  basically you pretend like its just a game when in reality he is dissing the right wing retards back to middle school . 
  depends on whether its a political parody or not . 
  well i am left wing and none of these stereotypes apply to me . 
  and even though they might apply to others i doubt they give a flying fuck about them . 
  its not what they ( we ) care about . 
  even back then it was stupid . 
  if you consider outdoor fashion , socks in sandals and vegan sausages part of left wing thinking i understand what you mean . 
  if not , i do n't . 
  in our hearts you are . 
  well its not like we think that socks and sandals are a good fashion choice . 
  this video mentions our failures as well . 
  really ? 
  when i left a year ago or so it was the safespace of the nationalist retards . 
  thats not political though . 
  this is so absurd i do n't believe it come on its the netherlands, 
   uneducated scammers is . 
  i hope you do n't imply these two are necessarily related . 
  fuck to all who deserve it, 
  once somebody wants to fix the home countries of the refugees to stop migration people are against it again . 
  who would have thought . 
  free college ? 
  fuck that . 
  free healthcare ? 
  fuck that . 
  fewer dead people ? 
  fuck that . 
  this is exactly where you get the stupid american - stereotypes from . 
   building a national myth no need  other shit nationalist love so much . 
  we are supposed to fight them , not join them . 
  well they are not actually interested in their country , they are interested in power . 
  thats the thing . 
   ya 'll sexist , racist , homophobic , white bigots that is the truth though . 
  just listen to all the shit they say . 
  what intolerant regressive left ? 
  source ? 
  that is a retarded and outdated argument, 
  not a very intelligent one though . 
  who ever said anything about leaving anything . 
  aggression does not equal expansion . 
  killing people is not cool and no what nato is doing . 
  nato is not trying to conquer territory forcefully . 
  not with military . 
  if russia persuades another country in a peaceful manner ( so no green men with arms ) to join them that is no problem . 
  killing people is not cool though . 
  but meant it, 
   taking over the media happens after every elections . 
  holy shit you have no idea . 
  if you say that black people are inherently more criminal i 'm gon na call you a nazi . 
  i do n't give a shit about that , i give a shit about fucking up the checks and balances system and taking over the media . 
  not cool . 
  i dunno i think if germany is marching its armies into another country i think the problem of those people isnt the muslim immigrants but rather the german soldiers `` immigrants '' . 
  putin is funding the afd and similar groups with a hard-on for authoritarian politicians ( dictators ) . 
  he is absolutely meddling with our politics . 
  what , your kkk literature ? 
  go fuck yourself and you are a bad person . 
  i wish you bad luck mr. nazi . 
   `` no protection until you fix your democracy '' yup, 
  go fuck yourself you idiot, 
  yeah but the east has to fix kaczynski and orban first . 
  no armies for right wing extremists . 
  that does n't seem worth it , at all . 
  how do i fight the idea that black people are criminals ? 
  that is an opinion beyond reason . 
  there is hardly anything you can do against inherently dumb ideas like racism and sexism and so on . 
  because economy is cyclical . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  what could be possible would be a project between only some member states . 
  like spain , france , italy and germany for a start , and then go from there . 
  i hope so . 
  start campaigning now . 
  or something . 
  well he wo n't fix the guns , he wo n't fix the taxes , he wo n't fix the education , he wo n't fix the healthcare , thats for sure . 
   thanks , hillary . 
  hope it was worth your ego !, 
  what exactly did she do wrong ? 
  run for president with a reasonable policy ?
