  the people who are actually power hungry are in the national government . 
  right now the eu itself is too weak . 
  see this very thread : hungary is going down the drain and the eu ca n't do shit about it . 
   ( though the two party system messes with it pretty hard ) yeah thats the reason they are not more democratic . 
  canada maybe , but thats just a single country . 
  even then . 
  but of course i do n't deny that the eu should still be more democratic . 
  italian food is great . 
  only 15 years . 
  damn thats young . 
  i ca n't think of a more democratic region in the world . 
  i would be happier if we throw them out actively . 
  a government which does not respect democracy has no place in the eu . 
  ah ok that is of course terrible . 
  ok i have no clue what `` polygraph testing '' is supposed to be . 
  also by `` sounds good '' i mean nothing i would not expect from a far right but not extremist party . 
  i am more left myself . 
  sounded good until  8 . 
  implement a criminal penalty for any displays of ukrainophobia . 
  nobody is calling them nazis because they are anti-sharia . 
  they are being called nazis because they are nazis . 
  nazis who are unsurprisingly anti-sharia . 
  and there were a ton of neo-nazis and right-wing bands playing . 
  got an english link ? 
  that is not how the average german eats though . 
  my gut says that people in spain actually eat more meat . 
  but i 'm too lazy to look it up . 
  and bread reduces your life expectancy ? 
  being a populist cunt to get the vote of idiots i guess . 
  with greek and all its colonies , how comes greek is so unique ? 
  all because of the romans ? 
   prove it haha, 
  rs = right sector ? 
  ooooohh but i was told all those fascists are gon na get in power there !, 
  from what i can tell fromt he numbers there seem to be less extreme right populists than in certain other parts of europe . 
  this is a fantastic result from what i can tell . 
  i do n't think they eat more healthily in spain . 
  i have been very close friends with some for a couple years and while we live in germany they do n't seem to eat any more healthily . 
  although maybe you are german but live in spain so maybe it is actually different ? 
  so sun really is good for you ? 
  spain has a worse health system than germany ( at least thats what i would expect ) but they get older . 
  or is it genetics ? 
  i do n't really believe it so would be interested in a source . 
  irrelevant . 
  if they are not yet convicted you ca n't do shit and its good like that . 
  we can not have a cultural identity about our architecture because every time i see the beauty of the nachkriegsbauten/after-war-buildings i want to cry . 
  i feel bad for feeling good about this . 
  and neither the property of the parents . 
  yeah but 8th grade physics is not 13th grade physics . 
  maybe homeschooling * can * ( not will ! ), 
  work out in 8th grade but in the last years of school its too much and too complicated to know everything . 
  you pretty much need a degree in every field to teach it with comparable quality . 
  not to mention that learning how to act in society and how to deal with being part of a group is very very important as well . 
  i think it does . 
  i am talking about universities . 
  if you make your people pay $ 40000 you probably do n't give a shit about their education in younger years either . 
  not me personally but me as part of society . 
   obviously some governments are in disagreement or they would have scraped the laws allowing home schooling from their books already , now wouldnt they ? 
  i think you think too highly of governments . 
  obviously some certain governments do not care about the education of their people . 
  there is almost no way to give your child proper education . 
  if you are trying to tell me that you as two persons have teacher - level knowledge on all areas coverd in school you are probably a liar . 
   how many of these people should we allow in ? 
  should we take them all ? 
  is there a cutoff point ? 
  if you want a good discussion stop asking retarded loaded questions . 
  obviously there is a cutoff point . 
  you have to solve this problem by optimizing the immigration and integration and obviously that is not letting them all in at once . 
  there are also solutions to the other problems . 
  the actual major problems are that we would have to spend a bit ( a small bit ! ), 
  of money and that you get a lot of votes by spitting out chauvinistic populist bullshit because people are selfish and stupid . 
  what we lack is the political will . 
  look at how much we spend on helping immigrants vs. how much we spend on other things . 
  you will see . 
  what i think is funny as well is how people completely ignore the fact that countries like germany absolutely need immigrants because otherwise our number is declining too fast . 
  haha, 
  historically yes , does n't mean you have to like it . 
  i personally would cross everything but the greco-roman culture out . 
  yeah but the dude was asking for a comparison between the us and europe and not a global one . 
  0-2 .99 is all the same color , shitty map for comparison . 
  actually he may possibly referring to non-european countries . 
  indonesia has less murders than norway ? 
  eeehh saudi-arabia is believable on the other hand , there they outsourced the murder to the state . 
  yeah, 
  / r/worldnews is not homophobic . 
  they are racist though and especially islamophobic though . 
  i think i do remember having some arguments with you lately though . 
  for the germans thats a drop in the ocean . 
  also the big german companies have been amassing gigantic amounts of money since the crisis . 
  they can take a few hits . 
  nice , however i doubt that the government will agree . 
  yeah . 
  just because of some madmen you must not punish whole peoples . 
  the absolutely overwhelming majority of immigrants are completely normal people . 
  and the people who are against immigration in a country with dwindling population are usually dumb idiots who blame the faults of their life on others . 
  it depends if you do it to piss people off or if you do it because you mean it . 
  no , you do n't say `` politically incorrect '' without knowing what / pol / is . 
  i do n't buy that . 
  i guess that is why / pol / is so extremely shitty now . 
  seriously , those people are amazingly dumb .
