  meh i am not convinced by this . 
  look at the growth of istanbul . 
  awesome . 
  we have to fix the whole of the middle east in addition to that . 
  waste of money . 
  but not more than if they were germans , is my point . 
  and because of that there really is n't that much more crime done by them . 
  who does do the crime are eastern european robber gangs !, 
  well good thing that we do it now , no ? 
  you were just mad about us helping . 
  which one is it ? 
  both . 
  mate there is civil war in lybia, 
  dude how can you be so bitter and full of hatred ? 
  whats so difficult to understand about helping others just for the sake of it ? 
   you deceive yourself into thinking these people have the same amount of empathy for you as you have for them . 
  first : i do n't care . 
  the children alone are worth it . 
  second : fuck off racist . 
  depends on the topic and how the people i argue with behave . 
  so helping people is always emotional and bad if you have to work a little bit for it ? 
  what is wrong with you people ? 
  weird , i thought the brits mostly thought that the polish are the untermenschen . 
  hm lets hope kaczynski doesnt fuck shit up too badly before . 
  no argued right . 
  whats your problem ? 
  our job market is doing wonderful . 
  crime is the same its always been with poor young men . 
  and its really insignificant anyway . 
  that shit has been blown way out of proportion . 
  or maybe she just thinks that helping brown people is a good thing . 
  a lot of people seem to think that their lives are worthless . 
  seriously , we do a great help to millions of people in dire need and 99,9 % of our population is completely unaffected by that . 
  of course we help there !, 
   refugees plight but i see where youre coming from . 
  fuck off asshole . 
  when is your next election ? 
  so what . 
  its only natural . 
  get off your high horse and stop pretending youre any better . 
  antisemitism is much less accepted than islamophobia in the west . 
  if somebody says anything antisemitic they are ( rightly ) shown by everybody that its not ok . 
  different story for islamophobia . 
  yeah but nobody is taking those serious . 
  there is a difference . 
  weird how everybody gets all uppity about the vw scandals then . 
  is economic freedom a good thing tho ? 
  i like taxes and regulations . 
  whatever , the swiss are not part of europe so who cares . 
   is everyone who voted for her a racist arsehole ? 
  either that or an idiot . 
  the danger of those racists is far greater than anything else . 
  you may have noticed i am german . 
  we already experienced that . 
  no i dont respect a racist arseholes opinion . 
  shocker , i know . 
  well , first of all , 2-3 % of budget is fucking huge . 
  second , other economies are almost `` based '' on the german economy . 
  like a company that produces a specific component ca n't exist without anybody needing that component . 
  wait , you misunderstand . 
  this is le pen trying to fool the population . 
  the best thing we can do is to not do what she wants and keep opposing her the way we have done before . 
  look how terrible all those refugees are for germany and sweden !, 
  thats about the surplus , not he euro . 
  yes , of course the euro is good for us . 
  no , that does n't mean its bad for others . 
  people are fucking stupid ? 
   did not discriminate between those we deemed refugees we did . 
  as much as it is possible . 
  fairytales , fairytales everywhere, 
  oh you said that very good, 
  blablabla  milquetoast neoliberal puppet of the eu . 
  maybe he just supports its ideals ? 
  the eu is pretty great . 
  some idiots claim the eu is completely neoliberal and pro-corporations but thats total horseshit . 
  biggest takeaway is that voters could be leaving gr\u00fcne because of lack of trust in their policies . 
  could be just the schulz hype though . 
  die linke at 9 % is a nice surprise though . 
  why , that would be wonderful . 
  i doubt red-red-green is gon na happen . 
  schulz was trying reaaallly hard to avoid answering whether he was even * considering * that coalition . 
  and i think wagenknecht could be more enthusiastic about it as well . 
   if this persists -- which certainly is an option -- then in 2033 the muslims populations will be 16 % , in 2049 32 % and in 2065 64 % yeah and in 2100 there will be a trillion muslims living in austria . 
  do you even believe your own bullshit ? 
  oh shit thats too bad . 
  well lets hope that things will improve . 
  holy shit we are doing well again !, 
  nice !, 
  how much is needed for sustainable population ? 
  in the latest polls macron is 5 + points ahead of both fillon and melenchon . 
  and macron can only lose against fillon in the second round . 
  at this point i am more afraid of nazis than of bankers . 
  i do believe that with sufficient polls you can get a good picture . 
  its not like this is a single poll saying that , there are like 4 new ones being made every single day !, 
  wait , she was that popular even before the refugee crisis ? 
  wtf france ? 
  well it has not happened , has it ? 
  le pen seems unlikely to win , the afd is tearing itself apart ( surprise ! ), 
  and wilders lost in the netherlands . 
  kaczynski is a son of a whore but at least he does n't like putin .
