  i am pretty sure that , if they are not german citizens or anything of that kind , they do get thrown out . 
  and i do assume that most of them are german citizens . 
  because that is most likely the case . 
  or they are refugees in which case it would be cruel to send them back . 
  just because someone else is behaving like an idiot that in no way justifies being an asshole yourself . 
  they are not guests . 
  they share the house with everybody else . 
  you ca n't throw people out of their own house . 
  there is a reason the grundgesetz forbids to take away citizenship . 
  and if you think we would throw out our criminals if we could you are fucking retarded . 
  do you think other countries would like to take them ? 
  do you think they would not let loose their own criminals ? 
  are you really this dumb ? 
  it would just create absolute chaos and no benefit whatsoever . 
  apart from all the moral levels on which it would be wrong . 
  i do frequent it . 
  if there is nobody saying anything against it it will just get worse . 
  it is sad . 
  i am used to stupid people saying inhumane bullshit but i am not used to people who i thought were educated upvoting these posts into the thousands . 
  no , but this is not discrimination based on religion . 
  the look arabic and that is enough for most people who have no clue that there are vast differences in that part of the world , especially looking at religion . 
  example : female kurdish fighters . 
  oh my god the comments on that site are so retarded . 
  although reddit is more than often enough no better . 
  `` protesters who use violent force should be thrown out of the country '' . 
  that is blatant racism . 
  nobody would ever think about throwing german born criminals out of the country . 
  if you are officially german you are german , no matter the religion and backround , no matter what you racist fuckhead think . 
  in germany that is mainly turks going back to turkey . 
  who cares what this one idiot thinks . 
  is this really headline worthy ? 
  russian oil that is . 
  but russia fucking with ukraine is not a good thing for germany either , in many ways . 
  and soon enough oil will be over and new methods of gaining energy will have been found . 
  how can the overall production/consumption be this stable for 30 years ? 
  it seems impossible and contradict everything i have heard . 
  when its not raining . 
  when that is i ca n't tell you though . 
  but nobody in nato tries to conquer foreign territory . 
  people join freely . 
  its called scholarship . 
  esperanto , as far as i understand , is made to make communication easier for everybody . 
  which is good . 
  i agree with everything but the rifle . 
  while we are the worlds greatest exporter the armor industry is relatively small and nobody but a few retards identify with it - while d\u00f6ner is pretty much national food by now . 
  kleinstaaterei is retarded so i am not unhappy about this . 
  good god could you stop this french-speaking bullshit ? 
  english is the lingua franca , deal with it . 
  i do n't know enough about this . 
  time to read . 
  typical, 
  inflation in this context usually means money . 
  and helping those countries does not involve printing money or anything similar . 
  who talks about printing money ? 
  in the end the european union is still in our best economical and social interest, 
  yeah lets only talk in extremes . 
  helping those people is in our best interest . 
  if their economy grows ours will too . 
  if they support us because we help them that is even better . 
  no , this is not about honor , this is about helping people . 
  maybe time to stop sitting on our rich , fat asses and help people in need . 
  yeah but you are wrong . 
  thats not how all people think . 
  i know a few people from the us as i lived there for a year and when i try to convince them to visit me in europe thats what they tell me . 
  you should know best that there are differences in quality of education in your country too . 
  because you are scared that you ca n't have a proper vacation if you do n't speak the language . 
  language barrier, 
  i 'd rather go to spain and scandinavia than to italy or russia . 
  germany and france are boring anyway . 
  i think i 'd want the country to be fully westernized first . 
  sure , istanbul is great , but in the hinterlands there is some shady business going on . 
  since that number is not going to grow being proud of that may not be the best idea . 
  i can understand it if you are having a small continuous conversation with a countryman but in the first post it really seems dumb . 
  understandably so . 
  spain will lose so much and yet catalonia is very very dependent on spain . 
  this could end very bad for both parties . 
  if spain wants to they can get catalonia into big big trouble . 
  honestly : looking at the state of british politics it will likely get better . 
  the eu has passed several very good laws for consumer protection in the last year . 
  if they get more power it is very likely that they will pass mor of those laws . 
  in britain , on the other hand , you wo n't get that . 
  especially from a right-wing party . 
  they do n't care about foreigners so they likely do n't care about the poor either . 
  i do like spain the best ... but i guess to me as a german poland would feel most like home . 
  you are completely ignoring the fact that many become atheist or de-facto atheist . 
  a muslim who follows the rules of the country is no problem after all . 
  there are many different muslims and the version you see in the middle east is not the only one . 
  japan geht es absolut beschissen . 
  anti-semitism is not a problem in this country . 
  go shove your racism up your ass . 
  this is so exaggerated . 
  a shame that we have to talk about this bullshit again . 
  islam will not become a major religion in germany or any other western european country . 
  but once again the ones hungry for power use the fear of the people to gain power . 
  same old game . 
  i do n't have an issue with a young group of idiots . 
  i do have an issue with two groups of idiots killing each other . 
  which is ... ? 
  that will only drive more people into their ranks . 
  shut up its my favorite food,
