  guns for example . 
  first because this is not anything in any way instant . 
  you do n't conquer another continent across the atlantic with antique technology . 
  it would be a very gradual process , i am talking many centuries . 
  just remember what happened to the vikings . 
  from 0 to 1700ad there was a gigantic leap of technology . 
  yes , i am aware of the diseases . 
  but there are three points to `` guns , germs and steel '' . 
  point one is no issue for another thousand and a half years which will help overcome point 3 . 
  sure the majority of the natives would be wiped out but they will replenish fast enough . 
  remember that the native population played a role far into the 18th century . 
  should n't it be possible to navigate with stars ? 
  and whats the problem with starving , they did have salt no ? 
  i would tell a roman emperor about america and all the gold thats there . 
  the romans would not be able to overrun the continent like the spanish did and hopefully save the native culture . 
  i am still hopeful that the catastrophes of the last century were lessons we permanently learned from and thus worth preserving . 
  although i have gotten more and more pessimistic over the last few years . 
  a hero !, 
  but come on its the eurovision song contest , its not like this is great art in the first place ... 
  uk is trying to cop out of the eu all the time and now they want in on the good stuff . 
  i say we should be consequent . 
  i was curious about this once and googled it a bit . 
  most sources listed the leopard as the best tank in the world and i looked at about 10 of them . 
  and we see how it can fail live in action . 
  because the nsa spying was just the tip of the ice berg and hyped by the media . 
  the average german has a lot of beef with a lot of things the us do . 
  torture and so on . 
  life is still shit for a lot of people there . 
  you measure a nations wealth at its lowest humans . 
  and german speaking swiss suffer their language . 
  its fine . 
  really ? 
  cough burning cars cough . 
  doesnt make it better . 
  if * you * start wondering its your mental problem of prejudice . 
  i saw a chart of catastrophies a couple months ago and the black death blew everything out of the water . 
  still . 
  huh they are all europeans . 
  russians are europeans too if they live west of the ural . 
  eww look at all those ukips . 
  yours is much worse ... 
  shit, 
  this should be measured by the distance of the front to moscow . 
  changing todays borders would be such a retarded nightmare that is just not worth it . 
  how do you think of shit like that ? 
  yes , how can you vote for someone like farage ? 
   more europe , more decentralistion que ? 
  well the financial support by the government is going down . 
  let 's see how it will improve over the next years , we are certainly nowhere near the goal yet . 
  are you sure ? 
  while they sure have said some controversial stuff , enough to make it impossible to elect them given their history , i 'm not sure if they are quite there yet . 
  whats this , a fucking live ticker ? 
  i would n't be so sure the unemployment issue will last forever . 
  and additionally do n't forget population decline . 
  yes , exactly . 
  at first i doubted that its is a good idea too but look around , the insanity knows no age barriers . 
   spain : 1,32  france : 2,01 thats ridiculous . 
  to me this seems way to much of a discrepancy to be true . 
  can someone with more knowledge of policies in those country tell me ? 
  oh look a crazy person . 
  no its just an excuse to still their desire for suffering of others . 
  same with the people who demand death punishment for child abusers . 
  they just want to see blood . 
  damn i knew this sub felt different !, 
  was n't on here for quite a while and was surprised how few retarded people were here all of the sudden . 
  yeah . 
  but browsing the internet in the last 2-3 years has made me realize that most people seem to be assholes . 
  / r/europeans has nothing to do with the insane fuckers of / r/european i hope ? 
  eh , the population can be sold anything . 
  no but considering making sure we have a state under the rule of law is . 
  and an intelligence service who does whatever the fuck he wants with no control is not helpful for having a state under the rule of law . 
  no , we constantly keep digging at the moral high ground but its never too late to stop digging . 
  with saying that i do n't want to sit at the same table i do n't exactly mean severing all ties , and of course that was a bit of an exaggeration . 
  still i think more could have been and more could still be done . 
  we really should n't lose the moral highground . 
  by severing our ties with them . 
  which at the same time , by the way , should have been done out of principle , i do n't want to sit at a table with torturers . 
  not by the us government but we can punish the us government for not punishing the torturers . 
  and then there is the question how much of a difference there is between the torturers and the us government . 
  its about the symbol you send . 
  and i really do n't care about diplomatic incidents at this point because the incidents with the nsa and especially with the torture report have not been punished enough . 
  no no no . 
  this is asking for permission and i do n't want the chancellor to ask the us for permission for anything related to germany . 
  i do n't want european companies spied on and i do n't give a shit if some us interests are hurt on the way . 
  the law above all else . 
  problem is that the spd was in power in the early 2000s when the whole mess started so they are wholly involved there . 
  i would be surprised if gabriel turns on steinmeier that hard . 
  i am pretty sure they just want to look like they have nothing to do with it without producing any results . 
  interesting question , she is very popular but you have to keep in mind how fast ministers , the former president and others were removed from their post . 
  we will see what happens . 
  i do n't . 
  cdu and spd both have their hands in this . 
  i 'd be very surprised if the greens and the lefts can get to the truth . 
  i use the `` waterfox '' version of firefox . 
  its really good and even faster than firefox , unless you are trying to load very large amounts ( 100 + ) of very large pictures at once . 
  if the chancellor of my country helps another country spy on our companies i am still very , very pissed at my chancellor . 
  we need both . 
  we have more and more academics , someone needs to do the shit job as well . 
  what we need is motivated people and i believe if you journeyed through half africa and a very dangerous boat tour you probably are very motivated . 
  for example start stabilizing africa .
