  they are doing their best , especially the brits . 
  of course they are trying to do that . 
  no spoilers pls, 
  holy shit im dying khaleesi hahahahaha holy fuck i never realized how fucking good this fits oh my god, 
  well its useful !, 
  well i mean the outfit may be stylish but i 'm afraid merkel is just too damn ugly . 
  that is actually just the whole guilt-thing . 
  i say this because only the far left party has a matching agenda . 
  all other parties are very pro-nato and anti-russia . 
  the thing is that die linke , our left party , gets about 8 % of the vote . 
  seriously , some of his ideas were really neat but why do they always have to go over the top ?? 
  aaaaaaaaaahhh, 
  yeah , we usually preserve those jokes exclusively for austrians and italians . 
  well arrested =| = guilty . 
  yeah i do n't know if that grass there is truly this neon . 
  lybia was fucked either way . 
  she should n't say that , she should just think that and act accordingly . 
  people wo n't notice if she does , but they would mind if they knew . 
  ok now i 'm 100 % convinced that you are just trying to see how far you can go . 
  can we have pictures that are n't shopped ? 
  seriously i feel like there is group of people just testing how long they can get away with it ... 
  rammstein . 
  great sound and great lyrics . 
  i did n't really like them until i saw a 40 minute interview with the band by arte and i love them since . 
  very smart and nice guys . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  wow really ? 
  never heard of that . 
  lake hdr, 
  makes sense , actually . 
  also known as `` laws '' . 
  you are proving to be a pretty inhumane arse more and more . 
   but please continue to whine about refugees created by america when you could simply not take them in . 
  whatever happened to human decency ? 
   also retarded idea about revenge ? 
  yes iraq was a mistake , but 3000 citizens were murdered . 
  any country that does n't want revenge after that is stupid . 
  so you want collective punishment for a whole country ? 
  i think its a crime that america does n't take more refugees , considering that the whole iraq shitfest started with america and that retarded idea about revenge for 9/11 . 
  i think honoring people who were involved with an attacking war and partly committing war crimes is a real problems . 
  the myth of the innocent wehrmacht is just that - a myth . 
  stop spamming your weird website, 
   what are some of people 's biggest complaints ? 
  muslims now if you are asking for valid complaints its first and foremost lack of democracy in respect to the european commission i guess . 
  no joke , thats how it works . 
  i am all for a federal europe , but i do see that people wo n't like paying for other people living above their standard . 
  yes , their are a ton of historical reasons for that , but that does n't really change anything . 
  eurobonds can happen if we have common work laws and a common taxation system . 
  now i would certainly prefer it if germany adapted the stronger worker protection laws of france than the other way around , but without equality in that department no eurobonds . 
  wait did le pen rename the front national into national front ? 
  yeah because the romanians totally fucked over the german economy / s, 
  if she did it right now i am very much afraid that it would just cause populists to surge . 
  we first have to deal with the image problem before we can make further integrations . 
  saturation . 
  meh seems like a pretty useless method . 
   and respond to what 's reasonable where we can . 
  which is not a lot . 
  `` there are two things that are infinite , the universe and human stupidity and i 'm not sure about the former . '', 
  or why would so many poor people in america elect trump who is directly opposing their interest ? 
  naturally, 
  solutions to ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i am in no way saying that the status quo is perfect . 
  but its certainly not worse than it used to be !, 
  hahahahaha, 
  why does it sadden you ? 
  incorrect !, 
  you do n't need to like islam . 
  but you must accept peoples right to believe in it !, 
  you must believe in freedom of religion , in freedom in general !, 
   look here , what gives you the right to live on other people 's success ? 
  the fact that their success is not built on their own . 
  it is built on their education , on their workers and all those other factors as well . 
  if those successful people were alone in the world they would have to live like primates like everybody else . 
  also a lot of this success is based on luck . 
  and finally , this is not about the * right * to live on others , this is about not being a egocentric piece of shit . 
  a decent human being will help others in need . 
  compete ? 
  compete in lowering taxes ? 
  that is not a competition that is useful !, 
  that is a competition that will just lead to lower and lower taxes , less money for the people and more money for the corporations !, 
  what a bullshit argument !, 
  stop confusing taxes with the market where competition is good . 
   redditor since 2 years nice, 
  i am once again surprised how much influence they have . 
  but are people gon na elect somebody else for a change ? 
  nope . 
  honestly , so many politicians are blaming all kinds of real and imaginary problems they are themselves responsible for on the eu . 
  i actually do n't think whether the eu is reformed matters in that regard in the end . 
  all of it, 
  supposedly . 
  i do n't really believe she would lose her brain like that . 
  i think its more likely that varoufakis had some ... inspired writer . 
  economically their views are quite similar , actually . 
  yeah . 
  the afd consists of real racists who are there to be racist and fake racists who just want to cover their neoliberal agenda and make people vote against their own interests . 
  see it this way , your mountains were a hindrance 200 years ago , now they are a way to extract all our $ $ $ for wintersports . 
  honestly , pension entry age needs to be increased . 
  its the fucking reality and people need to accept it at some point . 
  i am normally very left-leaning , but trying to lower pension age is a retarded idea . 
  and why not , with better and better medicine and health we are with 60 years as fit as we were with 50 years a couple decades ago .
