  you think more neoliberal bs is what we need in germany ? 
  well most importantly of all i do think that overall she is interested in the people , although i disagree with her on how to achieve it . 
  compared to johnson for example who is clearly interested in becoming pm no matter the cost . 
  that seems very nice in theory but the current government is a vile piece of shit that can not be trusted . 
  the turks would be too though . 
  that is exactly what he was implying with that phrase . 
  fuck off if you want to derail the discussion . 
  the problem of patriotism is not being proud of your country , it is the inevitable subsequent villianization of others . 
  the fbi got access recently though , no ? 
  why the french flag ? 
  this is for the status quo tho, 
   skepticism towards finance what she says and what she does is two very very different things . 
  same for the afd in germany , they say shit about helping the poor but in reality have a hard neoliberal agenda . 
  straight ahead ? 
  cause i havent noticed anything to be different . 
  its not a double standard . 
  populism is using the fears of the uneducated part of the education to blame the people problems on scapegoats , while doing nothing about the actual problems . 
  because when they proposed such outlandish ideas like a minimum wage of 8,50 $ it went absolutely splendid and absolutely nothing happened to the job market , as some people suggested . 
  if you can do that and it has absolutely zero impact aside from giving people more income than a little more seems like something you should try as well . 
  that is a bunch of racist crap , first and foremost , and also is no reason for excessive violence either way . 
  oh shut up with your racist bs, 
  just because people dont think it exists that doesnt mean it doesnt exist get off your high horses you arrogant shitheads not necessarily directed at you spartharios sorry, 
  no , id rather not kill it with fire . 
  there is nothing wrong with those . 
  how is this news ? 
  whats a `` romp '' tho ? 
  i like it, 
  there is not a bigger percentage from the uk here ? 
  damn . 
  keep in mind that this newspaper is die welt , which firstly is a load of shite and secondly has an agenda of pushing anti-refugee agenda . 
  so , overall , flush this report down your toilet . 
  we need to stay calm and not go into ridiculous panic and anger . 
  at some point there is not more you can do to prevent terrorism unless we become evil ourselves and we have to accept that . 
  well its weird that they chose cdu . 
  especially since its the saarland . 
  but hey . 
  all those idiots thinking you can combat terrorism with force . 
  no you cant . 
  doing something doesnt help if its doing something useless . 
  there is no problem with assuming anything . 
  the only problem is if you generalize people in ways you should n't generalize people . 
  wat not being checked does n't make them immigrants or refugees . 
  whether they are checked or not does n't change anything about the reality of their backround . 
  so tacky, 
  meh you know what i mean . 
  well , thats what i mean . 
  i was exaggerating a little , but my point stands . 
  that is not ok . 
  neither is not respecting the supreme court . 
  i am able to draw enough historical parallels to know where that shit leads . 
  having free media, 
  i do n't give a shit if he shits on our values then i am all for an eu army , but without poland and hungary . 
  not with that asshole kaczynski pirates do n't shit all over free media, 
  we are not living in the 20th century you moron, 
  it is a chance you moron . 
  kaczynski and orban are such hypocritical little shits ... 
  subtile, 
  merkel is great . 
  but we then have to put up with people like de maiziere , dobrindt et cetera, 
  yeah but this way we do n't have to deal with the actual nazis , which is nice . 
  embarrassing, 
  hue, 
  nice, 
  because our neo-nazis are just that bad . 
  * myy heart is on fiiireeeee *, 
  i do n't trust a brit to judge that . 
  even as a german . 
  i know our cuisine is n't the best . 
  but yours is definitely the worst . 
  this not how this meme works pls stop, 
  oh that sounds fishy . 
  dont elect him . 
  oh so you agree with the aggressive war against ukraine ? 
  charming . 
   russian news has to be only about how evil they are . 
  not `` they '' . 
  putin . 
  putin is not russia . 
  he is just trying to portray it this way , and sadly he is successfully fooling many with that . 
  holy shit you are dumb, 
  and that is contradictory how ? 
   failed . 
  now we call it nato . 
  does not compute, 
   it 's because the pressure the eu puts on the `` rebel '' countries to commit to certain eu objectives you ca n't say that without knowing more details . 
  if for example germany , france , spain and so on want to entirely unite their armies or other things they should be able to . 
  good job everyone, 
       the real problem here is that this anti-immigration party wants to appeal to the danish supreme court claiming they are protected under freedom of speech . 
  i really do n't believe they can succeed . 
  do you ? 
   and it would basically amount to a small wage increase for all germans lol you ca n't say that . 
  we need to cut taxes in certain places and increase them in others . 
  they were talking about limiting manager salaries - just tax the shit out of them once they hit 5 million . 
  agenda 2010 is a sacred cow ? 
  til . 
  i thought it was more of a black sheep . 
  but they are all forced to !!!, 
  aaaand we found out why it wo n't happen . 
  yes , absolutely . 
  and i do n't see any good argument being presented against it .
