  huh is n't the input almost only depending on the gdppc, 
  nice hair holy crap, 
  no , i am not , because i 'm not the king of germany . 
  also a generally anti-liberal , anti-democratic shitstain . 
  yeahhh 10:1 that theyre neonazis ... 
     as a counter to the `` muh dresden allied war crimes '' story that has developed over the years and that you can see partly in this thread . 
  dresden was a legitimate target since it was a major transportation hub and had a lot of factories . 
  for a very long time ( basically up to the reunification of germany ) the number of 250000 as death toll for that bombing was floating around . 
  the actual number was 25000 . 
  most likely did the nazis just add a zero for propaganda reasons . 
  up to this day the bombing of dresden is abused ( especially by the far right ) to paint germany as a victim of ww2 and to show that nazi germany was not really more evil than the ( western ) allies , since they committed war crimes ( = dresden ) , too . 
  there is also constant denial that dresden was an important city for the german war effort . 
  very much this . 
  well in that case she does have the fucking power . 
  fire de maiziere and volia, 
  at least try to be creative please, 
  oh for some reason i thought sweden had 5 million . 
  my bad . 
  also i cant into math . 
  ill delete that post . 
  you get auto-subbed to the sub when you register if you are from that country . 
  / r/de did n't want to get flooded with ~ normal ~ weird people so we did n't get geolocalized . 
  that may be one nice place here but the city center is terrible . 
  that is wrong . 
  you obviously do n't read the newspaper . 
  zeit publishes plenty of right-wing articles where i am actually flabbergasted that a respectably newspaper would publish it . 
  shit like excusing putin for living in the 19th century and so on . 
  and every major story about refugees gets at least one article , usually many more . 
  the difference to garbage like die welt is that it does n't have an anti-refugee agenda and is not part of some disgusting millionaires propaganda machine ( basically the german murdoch-press for non-germans ) . 
  one sided ? 
  so we have to take into account the nazi-side as well ? 
  there were plenty of articles that described the cost and challenges . 
  it were basically no articles saying that it would be super easy . 
  i am sick and tired of this `` appeasement '' some people seem to expect . 
  this whole narrative is total bullshit . 
  i read the two main left newspapers , die zeit and s\u00fcddeutsche , and neither was completely uncritical . 
  they may have applauded merkels actions , but that doesnt translate to one-sided coverage . 
  i think that was probably a joke about trump, 
  yeah he saved the freedom of the polish people that fucking idiot, 
  thats not the definition of identity i use . 
  more like us propaganda during the cold war means nobody in the us even knows what communism really is . 
  my countries identity can go to hell , i would n't care . 
  lederhosen are ugly as shit and i have plenty of excuses to drink beer either way . 
  judges do n't have to be appointed by the legislative/executive . 
  judges can be appointed by the judicative and volia . 
  makes me think , our populist shit laws are usually cancelled by the supreme court and not the president , why is that ? 
  i do n't know if i misunderstand you or if you are terribly naive . 
  you only get 600 $ from antifa though , fucking capitalist pigs ... 
  wow im getting romania vibes !, 
  i do n't see it as such a message since most of them already are part of our society . 
  using words like `` if '' and `` chance '' is really dumb in this case . 
  most of them were born here , went to school here . 
  if i was a turkish german i would be a bit insulted by that . 
  so do the neo-nazis belong here ? 
   low population density i do n't see how  the highest standards of living i do n't see how, 
  20 years is a long time, 
  `` new '', 
  that does n't mean anything criminal happened . 
  so they were only suspects ? 
  or convicts ? 
  thing is , does it actually do enough ? 
  who cares about * suspects * ? 
  can we please stop this shit and clarify that only convicted criminals matter ? 
  in dubio pro reo for fucks sake where are we living, 
  is n't that the fake graph posted by steinbach ? 
  then just nationalistic , argument stills stands, 
  i do n't know if you are purposefully playing dumb or really not getting it : opposed to that same , ongoing conflict which is about the same exact matter for some 70 years the conflict a thousand years ago is meaningless . 
   egyptians worked very well with israel to establish a peaceful status quo . 
  why ca n't palestinians ? 
  because its a fucking apartheid state , duh, 
  its a retarded , unfitting comparison . 
  there were both jews and palestinians living in palestine and if they do n't get along they both can have their own independent states . 
  the difference is that the refugees in germany come as people in need and we help them . 
  that comparison is completely dumb . 
  i know you are trying to push the guilt button or some crap like that , come on . 
  we are looking at an ongoing , hardly changing conflict since the problem started existing . 
  the arab invasion two thousand years ago has hardly anything to do with it . 
  also natural migration is a thing . 
  that is a different situation because the palestinians were there first . 
  and the injustice of being a british colony does n't change anything about that . 
  too late, 
  so what is he gon na do about it ? 
  lol what even is this argument history is a little more complicated than that, 
  technically less than any other , funnily enough . 
  wait , so what the fuck is it actually about ? 
  france and russia had the highest amount of casualties in europe excluding the axis ... 
   because of a crazy attempt to create conditions ( for peace with the palestinians ) absolutely crazy to try to give the palestinians their own country . 
  ultimately that means poland . 
  the eu ca n't punish the polish government , they can only punish poland in its role as a member of the eu . 
  poland is still a sovereign nation . 
  he absolutely has , because , like i said , he relies on kaczynski blocking for him in return . 
  orban is also a right-wing authoritarian politician who dislikes western style democracy . 
  and he relies on kaczynski backing him up in turn as well . 
  oh we can do that despite orban ? 
  niiice !, 
  really ? 
  i live in a neighborhood with a ton of turks in southern germany and i never noticed anything like that . 
  in germany it might be explained by the east still catching up ? 
  theyll learn . 
  sadly it will take some years if not a decade ...
