  especially greece . 
  `` hey guys we know you are going to some difficult times and stuff but could you take care of a couple million refugees for us ? 
  because we dont like brown people , you know ... '', 
  well then mr. knows-a-lot-about-the-middle-east . 
   there will be another influx that 's going to flare tempers . 
  that depends on the situation in the middle east . 
  lol the small country is screwing the union in this case . 
  apple is still selling their shit here , but not paying taxes for it here . 
  infact apple is hardly paying taxes at all . 
  the ones getting money right now are not even the irish people , its the lobbyist cunts and politicians who are allowing that tax haven to exist . 
  they are screwing over the people of the whole continent !, 
  i love it . 
  good . 
  this is about sending a message to countries to stop acting like selfish pricks and also think at least a little bit about the union . 
  ireland gained so much from the eu , now show some solidarity . 
  so much idiocy everywhere . 
  the cdu is just trying to get the afd votes . 
  we have a 18 billion surplus and the refugees arent gon na change that . 
   its mere presence in the west should be seen as an insult to women rights . 
  you prefer sigmar or what ? 
  are you crazy ? 
  that guy is more of an economy 's bitch than merkel and hes from the socialist party !, 
  left alone with taxes , laws and debts , mostly . 
  yeah no . 
  lots of grandmas on the countryside do though . 
  it should be prevented by the general government anyway . 
  i do n't know how your supreme court let that crap pass , but it should n't have . 
  if you want to get into a company with 5000 employees your grade is n't that important . 
  if you want to get into daimler you need good grades or good connections . 
  maybe its time to start viewing europe as having naturally different zones with different economic activity and that having that activity centered in one part is only natural . 
  would kinda require more eu tax though . 
  mostly we have a lot of old people in need for doctors . 
  perfect symbiosis i 'd say . 
  the assumption that mad does n't work anymore is not something i believe in . 
  depends on how they spend it . 
  a bigger army or ground forces is useless . 
  it defense is really important though and air defense are at least sensible . 
  i would be interested in the amount of profit we make on an average steuer cd . 
  a few dozen billion at minimum imo . 
   the suggestion to raise taxes to cope with the refugee costs was raised by the politicians themselves . 
  yeah but those are not honest comments , which should be obvious to anyone with half a brain . 
  and yet half of my country supports those people . 
  i guess germany in truth has only 60 million inhabitants . 
  i fully expect to be really really fit until my 80s at least . 
  so no problemo . 
  we need some aliens so all the chauvinists find someone new to pick on . 
  paramilitaries are never a good thing . 
  you always have to ask whether they are afraid of war or excited for war . 
  we need this on a global scale . 
  why were they sad that you spoke better german than them ? 
  thanks . 
  we are doing quite well though , the lunatics are the idiots who just voted leave . 
  the refugees are financially no problem but a benefit in the long run . 
  not to mention that this whole thing smells a lot like schr\u00f6dingers immigrant . 
  taking you jobs while being a lazy fuck surviving by the government . 
  it smells like a huge bunch of bullshit . 
  `` the best argument is a 5-minute poll on the the average voters perceptions '' . 
  well we do n't let in the refugees for our diversity but rather so they do n't die , do n't we . 
  what a useless map . 
  its not like we have the fertility rates of europe in our heads , gosh . 
  funnily enough the germans view austria also as the 4th reich . 
  to what part is this the fault of the bankers and to what part is this the fault of the british ? 
  we have big problem with the verfassungsschutz but mass surveillance ai n't one . 
  and even if they did do mass surveillance the actual problem would be much bigger anyway . 
  mass surveillance of germans is conducted by nsa and bnd , but not the verfassungsschutz . 
  the amount of people seriously trying to restart the soviet union is quite small and neither dangerous nor in any position of power . 
  i doubt that in modern warefare the amount of infantry personnel is relevant . 
  it seems to me that ( after rockets of course ) the amount and quality of fighter planes and anti air matters most . 
  this map is cancer, 
  actually i remembered zeit reporting 50k . 
  and i think that is quite a number . 
  would he do that or does he only claim he would . 
  the ladder is what i assume . 
  what a dumb comment . 
  juncker doesnt even do that much all by himself , idiots just use him as a target for their idiotic ideas . 
  she 's just pandering , do n't waste your thoughts on it . 
  nice artwork . 
  very relevant reply . 
  hm i saw quite a few big protests i think . 
  fake ? 
  its a shitty system no doubt but its not fake . 
  its not the systems fault that one part is incapable of sending in a serious contender because they fucked their voters minds in the previous decade . 
  he had no choice . 
  all that shit was orchestrated by bismarck to unify germany . 
  either way , the cold war has shown the importance of communication . 
  eh he is just trying to fish in the conspiritards waters . 
  he is n't actually seriously thinking that shit . 
  sure , based on economy alone . 
  bismarck started that war , and most other wars in that period too . 
  he was a cynical scum of a human being but a truly great diplomat . 
  to be fair , the npd is very small , and most successful in places where the `` kollektivschuld '' did n't really reach the people . 
  meaning those places where people were not educated . 
  it really does help , he is completely right . 
  without it we would not be as anti-war as we are . 
  well the real profiteer ( ? ), 
  is switzerland . 
  shaqiri is their footballs lord and savior . 
  for some reason it seems harder to realize the per capita number . 
  they go hand in hand in 99 % of the cases . 
  you seriously think the fdp could come up with a strong candidate ?
