  some conflicts are necessary to overcome . 
  conflict does n't mean violence . 
  i would really be really interested in how much of that is necessary , how the reality of a war between two technologically advanced countries would look like . 
  assuming that for some reason nukes do not work , would it just be a battle of who has the best fighter aircraft ? 
  how good is modern anti-aircraft artillery at actually hitting anything ? 
  what a catastrophe our landscape is boring af anyway, 
  it does n't need to happen . 
  they can just as well go the christian way and start ignoring it . 
  whats the `` germanic '' law ? 
  well then they would have to give them civilian rights . 
  how unconvenient . 
  i know . 
  but still even in sweden they follow the law and thats it . 
   the point is that it 's a one way street much of the time . 
  no its not, 
   lol muslims come to sweden : we must respect their culture . 
  wtf they dont, 
   they just think the aesthetic is cool , which it is . 
  no its not . 
  because of what `` we germans '' did with it . 
  context matters . 
  and , honestly , chances are that people running around with these insignia share some of the views of its founders . 
  there are plenty of neonazis today in america as we all know and chances are that plenty of those , who also happen to love guns and militaristic lifestyle , end up in the army . 
  where they ca n't officially admit to it but seriously , who believes their bullshit . 
   so they have millions of followers based on creating completely false news out of thin air ? 
  yes ? 
  how old are you , 16 ? 
  do you even believe in that crap yourself ? 
  i just read a very interesting ama from a guy who left the only alt-right scene and was posting all kinds of crap he did n't believe himself all over reddit . 
  for the lulz or so . 
  there is hardly any benefit to that . 
  and no , not giving citizenship to people like 3rd generation immigrants doesnt avoid terror attacks , at all , and neither does it benefit the country in any other way . 
  it only strokes the ego of dumb nationalists . 
  its breitbart , holy shit dude how delusional are you ? 
  they have been lying all the fucking time . 
   not only that , but i doubt the collective usmc cares about offending anyone . 
  and neither did the kkk care about offending black people . 
  that is no comparison but just to show you that its not really relevant whether they care or not . 
  and it neither matters that much what it symbolises , they knew perfectly well what it means to 99 % of the population . 
  and that is relevant . 
  it may have a different meaning to you all you like , but if you choose such a symbol knowing what it means to others then you are a fucking idiot . 
   specifically the usmc scout snipers . 
  great , so they are dickheads too . 
  just because they are americans does n't mean they ca n't have a shit ideology , do i really need to tell that in these times ? 
  does n't make the croatian unit better anyway . 
  and dont confuse criticism of a small aspect of your culture with criticism of the whole country and everybody in it !, 
  well austrians are germans . 
  even their politicians are wearing german flags ... 
  do you even speak german ? 
  [ a lot ] ( https://i.redd.it/xgt0fqg38fey.jpg ), 
  they are already recalculating the numbers because people are ashamed to vote afd . 
  nice, 
  no mostly teens, 
  no no you missunderstand , im saying the photo photoshopped a little . 
  the green is too intense . 
  i think we 'll try to avoid being geodefaulted or anything like that . 
  you know why . 
  less saturated you could say . 
  free photoshop included, 
  no shit sherlock, 
  this is the truth . 
  they are bad people, 
  that is a fake excuse then , i guess . 
  those fuckers are anti-lgbt themselves hahaha what laughable hypocrisy . 
   but than they would lose alot voters would they care is the question, 
  if the spd is willing to do rrg . 
  which i do n't think they are , which is why i 'll probably vote for die linke . 
  because merkels policy is not far from `` continue status quo '' . 
  i know what she wants , and its roughly what we have right now . 
  she was in power for 12 years , enough to do what she wants . 
  with that amount of casualties chances are that no part of afghanistan is safe . 
   religiously christian well no , otherwise they would like the selfish little assholes they are . 
  spd and fdp in the same coalition would be even more retarded than a great coalition . 
  makes literally zero sense . 
  why finland ? 
  hahaha typical spaniards, 
  rofl calm down kid . 
  man im loving the equality of outcome vs equality of opportunity differentiation you made there . 
   they start talking about sanctions etc. 
  aaand thats it . 
  nothing about that is a meme . 
  well its a fucking tax haven . 
   more pro-russia than merkel but only slightly . 
  just like his other stances are just a little bit better than merkels . 
  no we just tried admitting past mistakes once . 
  everybody should try it some time , its great . 
  problem is though that the effects of ww2 will probably be gone in a generation or two . 
   what exactly do you expect us to do politically ? 
  we 're not france or germany , we do n't wield that kind of clout . 
  does n't mean that poland could n't improve its efforts . 
  although i would n't be so sure about refugees safety in poland so maybe its better if they stay here . 
  for yourself at least . 
  sweet, 
  well at least the refugees wo n't be saving any money so its good for our shop-owners i suppose . 
  the people who can possibly get into a uni and the people who are unemployed are mostly not in the same group of people . 
  so what ? 
  a country requires students either way . 
  i dunno maybe hes just an idiot but not guilty of a crime, 
   when the fuck are we locking up that pierre vogel cunt . 
  it does , because you only ever compare countries between one another .
