  if you got no reference to your number your number is worthless . 
   and students do not count towards the statistics . 
  and neither does it anywhere else lol, 
  minimum wage is 756 $ per month . 
  says google . 
  in january ? 
  it should fall much lower in summer with tourism and so on , no ? 
  slow down there , honey . 
  i like merkel , but she is no monarch and i absolutely despise the rest of that fucking party . 
  sch\u00e4uble is ok i guess . 
   we consider him a honorary portuguese over here really ? 
  your existence , basically . 
  and you are acting dumb . 
  great . 
  but cartagena is even more surprising , being at the sea and all ... 
  i heard 198-something, 
  the meaning of the word `` nazi '' has changed over the years , at least in casual conversation . 
  and it does n't create terrible confusion , like is the case with `` communism '' . 
  russia ca n't even beat up its small brother without getting stuck !, 
  sad !, 
  24 hours is way too long imo . 
  this draws his literal legacy through the dirt . 
  how can somebody who writes such smart books support a murderer ? 
  you just killed my childhood hero . 
  or is he like trashtalking them in a friendly manner ? 
  hhhhhhhoooooohhh link pls this is amazing, 
  well we have to take responsibility for joining them . 
  some of us for afghanistan , one of us for iraq . 
  meh thats just election talk . 
  after all the average voter can not ever be wrong and absolutely hates if somebody implies its different . 
  just make lukianenko write good books again pls . 
  ukraine ? 
  i have trouble trusting this map . 
   as our intellectual and moral betters on the left have been informing us for the longest time , anti-zionism does not equal anti-semitism . 
  ahh . 
  got it . 
  what a dick . 
  like , he is an asshole , a murderer and deserves prison for life but that just makes him a bad person on a much more personal level as well . 
   i 'm clearly more aware and vigilant . 
  i feel safe , but my life has changed . 
  stormfronters ? 
  while we 're at it , lets do a referendum in the us , i 'm sure a bunch of them would love to join the uk again ... 
  that first one even looks painted ahahahaha, 
   europe needs a much more dynamic leader willing to reform and fix the eu 's problems or it 's days are numbered . 
  because you can guarantee that the different approach would have better long term results ? 
  you fucking cant . 
  then ask how much ammo they got, 
  for more peace in the world . 
  for the people of namibia . 
  this is n't about actual guilt . 
  nobody here is guilty of anything . 
  but thats not the point . 
  keep in mind , we are not planning to pay them directly ( which is good because i do n't trust their leaders one bit to not keep it for themselves ) but for infrastructure et cetera . 
  and another developed country is another customer for our stuff , keep that in mind as well . 
  a joke compared to the wests kda in the middle east . 
  ahahahahaha fuck i didnt realize thats fucking funny, 
  no he is not . 
  he was accused and thats all . 
  that blatant new-timey racism . 
  thinking about it , there has never been a better scapegoat in history . 
  takes all the blame and never talks back . 
   the demographic shifts people are protesting started decades ago . 
  summer of 2015 was just a spike . 
  who cares ? 
  they are an inevitable result of inequality and other external factors . 
   unhcr camps would have been a wiser investment to help people that is complete bullshit . 
  well it hardly impacts the lives of any natives . 
  and it saves the lives of thousands of humans . 
  the only people who suffer are the nazis that are forced to live next to colored people . 
  oh the horror . 
  but im sure having an empty brain eases the burden . 
  who gives a shit , they are not respecting the rule of law and the division of power . 
  that is how great catastrophes start . 
  and also corruption . 
  because once democracy is gone it is damn hard to get it back . 
  and once it is gone you must have corruption because only democracy can work without corruption . 
  also, 
  ah yes the islamisierung des abendlandes . 
  well people here understand it since they have everyday contact with other ethnicities . 
  those that do n't `` misunderstand '' on purpose so it doesnt matter that much . 
  that was just a pun on 1848, 
  more or less , yeah . 
  what i heard is that very small regions have strong veto powers which results in retarded stalling of legislation . 
  lots of women or more than 50 % of women ? 
  and the actual relevant question is what % of women voted for hitler compared to what % of men voted for him . 
  the german culture . 
  otherwise he wouldnt be a fucking mayor . 
  being multicultural doesnt mean he is behaving in any significant way differently than a german . 
  or greatgermans . 
  nobody ignores them . 
  they are so fucking loud , its impossible to ignore them . 
  but by no means give in to their demands , because those are not formed by reality but by fear and xenophobia . 
  you may be technically right but practically it is a vote for either sanity or populism due to the parties stances on it . 
  no only about 60 % of them are . 
  well different standards . 
  yay im proud of my mountaingermans, 
   in 1917 , there was no polity called `` palestine '' and there were n't really people known as `` palestinians '' . 
  that area was still part of the ottoman empire and was part of several ottoman subunits including the vilayet of syria , the vilayet of beirut , and the sanjak of jerusalem . 
  hahaha what bs . 
  i do n't care if they did n't have an official political state of their own since not having one is injustice in itself .
