  who cares what a bunch of young people do . 
  the content , or rather the redditors here , are pretty good though . 
  do n't blame him , blame the egoistic chauvinists that vote ukip . 
  just because someone is from your country that does n't mean he deserves wealth more than some random immigrant . 
  most likely he deserves it less because the immigrant even emigrated from his country in order to find wealth . 
  what do you know . 
  fashion changes a lot . 
  they were busy with a certain german invasion . 
  if rockets start to fly you are probably some of the first to receive . 
  be careful . 
  you are always smarter in hindsight , i think the appeasement of ww2 was very much correct at the time . 
  because if it had worked it would have saved 50 million . 
  you mean schr\u00f6der . 
  still ca n't believe we had that cunt for a president . 
  and then from the spd !, 
  i want to show you my favorite flash game . 
  they just spit out edgy bullshit stupid people are not capable of identifying as such . 
  its obviously those who project their poor standard of living onto others , first they tried it with the rich , now its the foreigners . 
  nothing to see here . 
  note that i am not hating on the linke . 
  although some of their words about russia made me think of an old stigma ... 
  i think that you need to say political campaigning then though . 
  propaganda has a negative connotation . 
  if poland made posters depicting germany stealing their land in 1938 would you consider that propaganda ? 
  after 3 years of prison and also illness i would not dare to judge her character . 
  thank god finland turned out the way it did and not as a part of the sowjet empire !, 
  apparently its a cock and a dildo in her ass hahha, 
  belgians are better at french than the french, 
  fox news writes that bullshit at least voluntarily ... 
  yeah very different . 
  the higgs boson is real and anything moving faster than light through space is made up bs . 
  you are a real optimist . 
   in my view a confident liberal democracy should feel able to defeat a fascist ideology through the power of argument , rather than having to rely on the law . 
  worked out so well in 1933, 
  no its not . 
  but still one is lead by a autocratic dictator who poisons journalists and got rid of free press and the other is a uninion of most free western nations . 
  guess who is the bad guy . 
  well said . 
  in the end the world is becoming more and more fair , bit by bit . 
  better stop being selfish . 
   `` how to set ukraine against russia : a myth about stalin 's holodomor '' china is that you ? 
  if you have common sense you will come to the conclusion that it is most likely nothing but propaganda . 
  also i want ronaldo to lose . 
  almost everyone then . 
  makes it no better . 
  even justin bieber has fans . 
  `` accidents '' oh my god , this led is broken !, 
  someone fix the cable !, 
  most of the people do n't understand shit about nuclear fission and probably believe radio waves are dangerous too . 
  by now its too late . 
  its cheaper to just build solar panels and wind power thingies than to build more nuclear power plants . 
  and fusion is coming rather soon anyway . 
  as long as the rest is correct ? 
  seems like a fine idea to me . 
  there is a big mistake in his train of thought . 
  a french person is not necessarily a white person . 
  integrating twenty million at once is not a good idea . 
  but integrating 5 million , waiting for them to become french ( it will happen , like it or not ) and then integrating the next 5 and so on works . 
   some people say that the european union does n't respect democracy and is undemocratic itself . 
  the same people are now trying to make sure that the eu remains undemocratic . 
  those are called populists and are interested in power , not giving fucks about anything else . 
  no you are right . 
  but the interesting stuff is in the radiation . 
  what it currently is about is finding out wether or not the recent discovery of gravitational waves was actually a thing and thus confirming inflation or wether it could be interstellar dust as well . 
  the thing is that those telescopes are at the south pole for a reason . 
  i do n't get why they build one in africa . 
  continuing to look at distant galaxies is like landing on the moon to me . 
  nice but kind of pointless . 
  i 'd be happier to see that money invested in a mars landing or an ai . 
  i know . 
  it measures something meaningful . 
  maybe i am just ignorant . 
  what are they going to see with that ska thingy thats worth the money ? 
  yeah your english is ashite . 
  also bad teachers . 
  i did n't have proper english in primary school for example . 
  actually i think the guardian is doing pretty damn well . 
  never thought of switching my german news for english ones up until now . 
  let 's try it . 
  well the question is what that telescope would be for ? 
  since planck is well under way i do n't really see the need for another telescope to detect even more exoplanets we ca n't reach in the next hundred thousand years anyway . 
  better invest in ai or this new carbon-project . 
  is / r/ukrainianconflict at sub with reasonable discussion or is it occupied by the putin internet defence force ? 
  thats all nice but it being fast food is kind of the point of d\u00f6ner kebab . 
   look for the amount of d\u00f6nerm\u00e4nner . 
  3 or more chefs will garantee you a good d\u00f6ner also look for der ger\u00e4t to get your d\u00f6ner sweat-free . 
  and tanks . 
  and aircraft . 
  what i am getting at is that the skill of the foot soldier is pretty worthless compared to technological superiority . 
  nobody is going to run into certain death . 
  so yeah you may need soldiers to hold something but weather or not those soldiers are good at shooting is pretty irrelevant . 
  rofl what is a soldier worth in todays warfare ? 
  its about missles . 
  defense against other countries spying on you for example, 
  intelligence is not only for spying on other countries ... 
  if its for defense against spying i 'd be cool with it . 
  otherwise not . 
  we do n't need to spy on others , our industry is strong enough as it is . 
  sure after all you are just germans . 
  germans with ... interesting taste when it comes to politics .
