  where you lived , what church , who your friends were and so on were dictated by politics that typically you were born into . 
  its a huge mistake to think its a purely religious conflict . 
  its anything but a religious conflict , religion is just a facet of it . 
  in fact there are many protestants who were foundational to the cause of irish nationalism , and many mixed families in the north who fell on either side of the line based on this or that . 
  its about identity , but it was started on the grounds of religion . 
  interestingly were seeing a return to hyper politicization and identity politics in a different way these last few years . 
  unfortunately thats just what the british empire did historically . 
  `` the locals do n't like us , let us get our own locals , with blackjack and hookers '' - big fans of moving people around they were . 
  no surrender was what the protestant defenders shouted down from the walls during a catholic seige in ireland . 
  as such due to sectarian conflict the chant of `` no surrender '' entered into the mythology of protestants , particularly in northern ireland and presumably scotland . 
  celtic is a team formed by irish-catholic immigrants in scotland . 
  the very first team they played was rangers who are heavily associated with protestants . 
  sectarian conflict being what it is it fueled this rivalry and rangers fans chant `` no surrender '' . 
  thus the hamburg fans were taking the piss ( making fun ) by having the union jack and a sign that says `` no surrender '' to celtic . 
  at least , thats what i think it is . 
  i do n't watch football , but you needed an answer and here it is . 
  i 'd hang around and check to see if anyone corrects me to check if i 'm talking out me hoop . 
  i would be really interested in hearing a genuine attempt to debunk that video , it seems fairly convincing so hearing the counterpoint would be cool . 
  its always gas how blind people are to the horrific behaviour that was so pervasive to british society during the empire in modern times . 
  the only possible way to take this position in my view is to somehow discard all of the crimes of a several hundred year long brutal and oppressive society . 
  we have people on record just a short 50-60 years ago about the british leadership wanting to leave behind puppet governments that they still had sway over in the colonial countries they `` left '' and yet somehow you go back another 50 years and its impossible to think that ni for example we carved out purely to keep ireland under as much of the british boot that was politically possible . 
  go back another couple hundred years and its impossible to think that maybe some lad thought calling some islands british would be a good move politically . 
  somehow its a `` geographic term '' . 
  right yeah sure , and those government backed death squads in northern ireland were `` local politics '' . 
  i 'm as lite an irish nationalist as they come but to be so fucking blatantly ignorant of the potential things done in the name of empire baffles me beyond comprehesion . 
  there are horrific abuses done in the name of empire in living memory and yet somehow renaming something for a political agenda could n't possibly have happened . 
  i have to ask , what is your objective ? 
  because if its to create tension and give anti-british nationalists ammunition job well done mate . 
  funnily immigrant eucalyptus trees can be a fire hazard !, 
  is n't globalism fun ? 
  we should restrict migration of non-western plants and biomass !, 
  i think there is a place for the philosophical argument over the right to determine what happens with your own body . 
  however , people get wrapped up in those arguments to the point that they lose track of the reality of the situation . 
  we know that vaccines work . 
  we know that without them , people will get sick and die . 
  people should not have the right to endanger other people in a situation where we know for near 100 % certainty that the procedure is safe and effective . 
  if vaccines were ineffective and came with life altering side effect then sure , there is grounds to discuss whether they should be mandatory . 
  simply put you should not be allowed to use your body ( or that of your child ) in a way that endangers other people when we have a very clear cut alternative . 
  we will make giant mousetraps and put gold bullion in them . 
  thats how a minority government works . 
  its a govrnment formed without a majority and potentially without the approval of pther parties , though usually everyone plays along . 
  major downside is that you have to convince the largest party thats not in power to approve of your legislation and you 're vulnerable to votes of no confidence . 
  you actually get discounted from the funds you send to the eu off your 0.7 % gdp foreign aid budget . 
  i do n't think the question should be is the fee too high , because its pretty self evident to me that the 18million a day you paid in 2015 ( 13billion/year ) is pocket change ( since you pulled in about 650b and spent about 750b ) but rather the question should be do you trust your government to use that saved money for a better cause and negotiate access to the eu single market . 
  if the answer is yes , then it make sense , but if the answer is no ... 
  well , you 're more likely to move to english-speaking nations when you 're from an english speaking nation , so that explains at least some of the disparity . 
  considering a large amount of europeans will learn english as its the lingua franca of the modern world it makes sense they would also move to an english speaking country that has its arms open to them . 
  i 'd be willing to bet both of those things to do with language would explain a lot of the one-sided-ness of the uk immigration from the eu . 
  in fact i 'll put 5 quid down that english speaking rates of a country correlate heavily to how many emigrants go to the uk in the eu . 
  freedom of movement is n't the only benefit of the eu though , chiefly general prosperity , peace and stability in europe . 
  its actually about evenly split between the commonwealth and the eu , with slightly more going to the commonwealth ( depending on whether you want to count ireland as cw , eu or both ), 
  everyone gets development aid . 
  some just pay more than they recieve . 
  its that simple , thats why some of it goes to ireland . 
  some of it goes to the uk . 
  and in exchange british people can live , work and trade anywhere in the eu ( alongside many other benefits ) . 
  the reason we were a recipient for so long ( we 're net contributers now , numbers are from 2015 ) is because our country ( the old uk ) so royally mismanaged ireland ( in fairness , we mismanaged ourselves in the first half of the 1900 's aswell ) for so long that we had an incredibly large amount of work to do to climb out of the desperate poverty that most of the people in the country alive today were witness to . 
  we did n't even really have a proper motorway network until a few years ago . 
  just fyi people in glass houses should n't throw stones . 
  britain has been using it 's overseas territories as plausible deniability of its tax haven status for a * long * time . 
  notice how the numbers for the givers are 0.50 % or less and the receivers go as high as 5 % ? 
  think about that . 
  the rich countries are giving pocket change to the poor countries , who are relatively poor so its worth a lot more . 
  and heres a good argument you might understand . 
  the better their countries are the less likely they are to come to the uk looking for work . 
  britain for brits and all that !, 
  its because we were incredibly poor for such a long time that our infrastructure , particularly outside the capital , was atrocious . 
  its only really starting to reach a reasonable point . 
  hell many countries on the continent had motorways for half a century . 
  most of ours are less than 10-20 years old and we 're only just about connected to the other major cities and even minor ones . 
  as an example : i remember driving to wexford from dublin took the bones of 3 hours when i was a kid , now you can fly up the motorway in just over an hour . 
  but we stoped being a net receiver a while back . 
  hell is a meta-story about the actions you make in the environment . 
  the environment by the way ( for humans ) is mostly other human beings and not trees and animals and stuff . 
  and the idea of burning in hell is actually representing being held in utter contempt by everyone around you after you 're dead . 
  so you either do things that put you in hell ( contempt of your society ) or heaven ( loved by your society ) . 
  or in other words , you can make a better world or a worse world . 
  the biblical ( and other religious stories ) are millenia old stories of pre-literate people trying to explain and retain the meta-concepts of existential answers to existential questions through oral tradition . 
  they should n't be discarded as un-true simply because they are n't * literal * representations of the world . 
  casual atheism is about as rational as fervant theism . 
  so yes , this person will be burning in hell . 
  but not literally . 
  does n't the use of green-red spectrums introduce/show the bias of the creator ? 
  red = more police , implication = more police is bad . 
  i can speak three languages aswell , but theres no guarantee of quality . 
  the funny thing is the people who are really spending the money on booze and hookers and drugs are the rich northerners on holiday in the south from what i 've seen anyway . 
  i 've had people legit tell me that the eu should be torn down because only the northern countries get rich and the southern countries get a bad deal . 
  then when i tell them that the northern countries send money to the poorer countries to help them build roads and stuff , they said thats another reason the eu should be torn down , because the southern countries take that money and spend it on booze , hookers and drugs meaning all the money is wasted . 
  this person was not being satirical . 
  let that sink in . 
  they both claim to sympathise with the southern countries for being poor , and in the next breath admonish them for wasting their money . 
  you ca n't win against the cognitively dissonant . 
  well uh , thats actually * kind * of how most countries are made . 
  they did n't have the other advantages ireland had : english speaking , geographic position , never occupied during the 20th century and so on and so forth . 
  i believe its also customary to hate the government for 20 years after they left office , after which they are regarded with a twinkle in one 's eye . 
  16th * lowest * in the * world * . 
  right , i think we 're in agreement . 
  i think if it could be demonstrated to the `` haves '' that they would personally benefit , as would society , from a more equal world they would voluntarily participate and use their wealth to achieve that goal . 
  the problem with class warfare is that once you have taken that wealth from the upper class , all it does is go towards creating a new upper class that has even less sympathy for the lower class because they just witnessed the old upper class get mauled . 
  just as the lower class are a product of the economic system , so to are the upper class .
