  erdogan talking about 2nd war of independence ? 
  rhetoric or is the coup bigger than thought ? 
  the purge commences . 
  cnn said it live too, 
  which sources can you link ? 
  coybic ? 
  thats the government saying that . 
  it is still unclear . 
  pariliament under seige/attack . 
  you do n't need to take out the head but it helps if thats your goal . 
  nato releases videos on nearly every project they are working on every few days . 
  average views in the 1000 's, 
  go get a trade like carpentry , plumbing or sparks . 
  its the best way for you to get here if you 're in the eu without a college degree . 
  a proper approach looks at gpd , gnp , employment , wages , ppp , consumer spending and confidence + couple others like graduation rate and im/emigration . 
  around 20 % of the commercial airplanes in the entire world are leased in ireland . 
  eh , its more that we are a center of us investment in europe . 
  we 're more lucky than clever . 
  we 're perfectly capable of sustaining our population as it stands . 
  the goal should be a fairly stable population . 
  i mean , the only two things i find questionable are bricks in a trolley and fire extinguishers with propane . 
  buts it more of a great idea for a cheap wheelbarrow and having a fire extinguisher around flammables is always a good idea . 
  lehman brothers had 600billion + in assets and liabilities . 
  this is a relatively small bank , unlikely to trigger a worldwide major recession . 
  thats ... an interesting metaphor . 
  would you like to bet ? 
  '' * johnny , get the cat hair we 've got a kebab fan * '', 
  heh , the ceo/director pay is actually pretty simple . 
  people like having money so they try to get more , ceo 's learn to negotiate higher salaries and directors pay themselves more . 
  the funny thing is that i want to say 60-80 % of the people working in small/medium businesses could probably ask their boss for a 3-8 % raise every few years and they would get it pretty easily even if they were doing relatively unskilled work . 
  most people are underpaid by virtue of the fact they do n't have the skills to negotiate higher wages ( hence , at least in part , minimum wage and collective bargaining ), 
  when your company can collapse from a few bad quarters in a row then 5 years certainly feels like an eternity . 
  no my statement is quite literal , i think you are taking too much meaning from christoph waltz dislike of farage . 
  his dislike of farage is the only thing we know for certain from this video so i 'm not in the market for speculation . 
  i think you are inferring too much from his dislike of farage . 
  there are certain uncertainties , and uncertain uncertainties . 
  this is a certain uncertainty because the thing we are uncertain about is an uncertain uncertainty so we are certainly uncertain . 
  i do n't know . 
  what can be ascertained is that this means things are still very uncertain . 
  ah , ikea must have supplied your package . 
  i have , it was in jest . 
  i do n't really feel european as an irish person . 
  i 'm irish and that 's the end of it in my opinion . 
  the continentals are a great bunch of lads but they do n't really understand what makes a good breakfast . 
  did you get your bag of swear words and alcohol processing implant ? 
  they 've been awful shy handing them out as of late . 
  based on my personal experience online ... 
  i find the french go afk , listen to bad euro trash music but are incredibly friendly if you accept them going afk and listening to euro trash music almost as if they are being obnoxious on purpose to test people 's mettle . 
  thankfully i can read basic french so i do n't find their anglophoniaphobia a problem . 
  french music is something to behold to non-franco ears . 
  most eastern europeans i meet speak english or at least have learned how to communicate eloquently with pings and vgs ( shazbot ) . 
  polish people for some strange reason are most likely to be at the top and bottom of the scoreboards . 
  the yells of kurwa intermingle with the hungarian response call it 's like playing a whores version of marco polo . 
  germans almost exclusively are middle class middle aged men with well paying jobs playing games at exactly 8pm-11pm cet and talking about how much bier they are going to drink this weekend . 
  norse people are either funemployed degenerates playing too much games ( no offence friends ) or funny speaking ladies men . 
  i swear to god every swede with a job has the capacity to bring multiple girls to a voice server . 
  spanish people stick to their own communities mainly because of their language similar to the portugese and italians . 
  however the ones who do speak english are foul mouthed ruffians and i wouldnt have it any other way . 
  the brits are this magical combination of wtf , hilarity and arguments . 
  i think 80 % of my arguments online have been with brits ( in a gaming environment ) despite them only being a small portion of the people i play with . 
  never change british masses . 
  irish people online are so amazed that we found another irish person we spend the first few hours of talking on how close we live together and planning the meet up for pints . 
  baltic people are so rare when you cut them blood comes out . 
  but that might be unrelated to gaming . 
  russians though man . 
  i could write a doctoral thesis on russian gamers . 
  berlisconi was in power three different times over that period , could it be related ? 
  thats a big one that i forgot ... how did the subsidies screw small farmeers ? 
  were they structured to encourage larger farms ? 
  we are not afraid of the idea . 
  we have the facts . 
  do your research . 
  ireland . 
  sinn feinn/fine gael/independant, 
  out of the three meps i e-mailed , 1 got back within an hour , 1 took a day and 1 never replied . 
  seems about right for what i e-mailed them about . 
  the problem is you are taking the literal sentence and divorcing it from the intent . 
  le pen 's intent is to minimize the holocaust . 
   this conversation is about the law , how it is applied to the people and how it will affect them . 
  you were arguing that it was good and i was arguing that it was bad . 
  you should not move the goal from discussing the law to genocide . 
  the conversation has always been about genocide and genocide denial . 
  if you ca n't see that then the conversation is over . 
  thats not how it works . 
  if you go through the accepted channels of adding to the historical knowledge you will not be prosecuted . 
  its the difference between saying `` the capacity of the gas chamber at x were z instead of y. '', 
  and `` the holocaust is a fabrication '' or `` the real death toll is in the thousands '' . 
  do you see the difference ? 
  the very people that you 're defending , are the people that quote was made about . 
  you disowned yourselves when wilson and teddy got rid of hyphenated americans . 
  yis are too big . 
  yous wont fit . 
  sorry oosa lads but you 'll have to just be friends . 
  ** i am exclusively talking about the holocaust and genocide in this conversation . 
  ** you can not be prosecuted for disputing the current facts with evidence . 
   you live in the real world , that place where when denying the holocaust there was much more anti semitism and racism . 
  if it being legal is so dangerous as you claim it to be , then how come we have n't seen any danger of it yet ? 
  how come when everyone was much more anti-semitic when it was legal than right now ? 
  the point of the law is n't to prevent anti-semitism . 
  its to prevent using a holocaust denial as a platform to build anti-semitism upon .
