  nothing for 2 years . 
  its not only the left who is in favour of the eu . 
  `` look lisa , if you slow down the video you can pinpoint the exact moment his political career died '', 
  there are some things we can predict . 
  but many things are hidden by the fog of war . 
  yeah but you 're dealing in amounts under millions . 
  these are people with so much money that a 0.1 % loss of value over 5 minites could be a lifetimes worth of money for a normal person . 
  thats not how democracy works . 
  i 'm seeing too many donald memes tbh . 
  good luck . 
  scotland wants in the eu . 
  scotland can demand independance . 
  scotland are politically different from england . 
  many people also thinm that if england votes out and scotland votes in it makes their independance bid stronger . 
  northern ireland has a direct border with an eu nation ( roi ) and has many irish peoppe who would politically ally themselves against england at every chance . 
  nothing changes for 2 years . 
  it 'd be political and potentially physical suicide . 
  hard to say . 
  most likely results : shinners in nireland bang the fuck out of the reunification drum . 
  potentially political violence begins again . 
  scotland starts banging the independance drum . 
  major political upheaval accross uk . 
  whales keeps going because they talk funny and wanted to leave anyway . 
  cornwall keeps trying to get people to listen to tbem about how they 're really a unique culture but people still do n't care . 
  the airport border at gibraltar gets even more retarded . 
  there is france , denmark and a couple others who might call for referendums . 
  nothing for 2 years . 
  one guy goes `` shit , well uk might leave , i better sell some of my gbp '' another guys goes `` shit , that guy is selling his gbp , i better sell mine too '' and so on . 
  its speculative until the vote is finalised , afterwhich the market will correct ( up or down ) and thats where the real price will sit for a bit . 
  most pubs would be closed right now . 
  95 % of the population is probably asleep . 
  what actual piece of sovereign power has the uk been forced to give up that will change if they leave the eu ? 
  misinformation swayed the public by preying on their emotions rather than their sense . 
  as it has been for a long time . 
  oh i 'm aware , but its a different thing to ignore a 67 % in favour vs a 50.01 % in favour . 
  i 'm trying to illustrate that there are scenarios ( however unlikely ) that you could ignore a referendum result because it was near perfect 50:50 split . 
  even if it was 5,000 voter majority out of 36,000,000 ? 
  you 'd fucking think yis were the way they bang on about it . 
  they ruined scotland !, 
  even if it was 50.01 % to 49.99 % ? 
  edinburgh with 120,000 voteswing in favour remain closes the gap considerably . 
  so true . 
  game over man . 
  game over . 
  they were simpler times . 
  we tried one man one vote before . 
  the man was adolf , and he had the only vote . 
  70,000 ish ( or was it 17,000 ? 
  ) people rely on freely crossing the border between ni and roi for work , about even split both ways . 
  atrocities ? 
  ... conquest of russia ? 
  the votes already happened ... 
  1 billion worth of goods per week between britain and ireland . 
  1 billion worth of goods per week between britain and ireland . 
  i am deeply upset by this statement . 
  yeah i went there while on holiday in spain to see the monkeys on the rock fortress . 
  the macaques were great too !, 
  i like you . 
  its been a bit downhill since victoria kicked the bucket you must admit !, 
  we were going to build a new city of london , with blackjack and hookers , in dublin . 
  they already had blackjack and hookers ? 
  damn . 
  what parts are full of shit and why ? 
  [ genuine question clarification so i do n't get downvoted for some implied confrontation ], 
  economists for brexit is run by euroskeptics , and the chair iirc is well known for going against economic consensus ( and coming out correct when he does to my knowledge , but it could be a case of broken clock ) such as the 1980 's lawsen boom-bust in britain and predicting the sovereign debt crisis . 
  half the north just had a sharp intake of breath . 
  i 'm pretty sure if there had been a helicopter flying around it 'd 've crashed with the turbulence . 
  orthodoxy enforcing authoritarian collectivism . 
  not nationalism . 
  man theres levels of acceptable savagery between nations as banter but i think we crossed a line here . 
  they are an extremely important part of treating long term-chronic depression , alongside talk therapy , good diet , exercise and getting good sleep and developing a strong social support network . 
  think of them as the bulldozer to remove the blockages preventing chronically depressed people getting better . 
  they do n't fix every problem , but they make it a lot easier to work at getting better . 
  several friends of mine use anti-depressants or barbituates to help deal with depression/anxiety . 
  prescribed of course . 
  some people experience intense orgasms on anti-depressants , some completely lose their sex drive . 
  the main side effect of taking anti-depressants is not wanting to kill yourself as much and being able to get out of bed without feeling like an utter failure . 
  they do n't have recreational value . 
  lie in bed for a few months and tell the doctor you wish you were dead and are crippled by performance axiety for things as small as bathing yourself . 
  edit : brand names for fluoxetine ( prozac ) in denmark : fluoxetine actavis , fluoxetine a1 farma , fluoxetine hexal , fluoxetine orifarm , fluoxetine vitabalans , fontex . 
  ah man , the english have been getting harsh criticism these last few days . 
  i mean sure , some of the fans have been arseholes but i think its pretty harsh the stick you 's 've gotten the last while . 
  if it helps i think its a unfair . 
  100,000 would be a bit mad for modern times . 
  in the 1940 's i can understand though . 
  100,000 would be 2.17 % of the population in the army . 
  that 'd be a bit much , 1 % 'd do it imo . 
  theres a good report on the 1940 's army out there done in 2011, 
  honestly though its a disgrace . 
  888 million for 8,000-10 ,000 tonnage worth of ships , 7,500 permanent personnel ( 2,500 reservists ) and 24 rinky dinky puddle jumper aiplanes . 
  we could easily afford couple wings high tech fighters ( maybe even with an older carrier or a small one ) with 15,000 active troops and 30,000 reserve , and a couple guided missile destroyer if we hit the nato 2 % ( 5billion/year ) [ and joined ] buf theres no pressing need because we have the anglo atlantic superpower sandwich sphere of protection around us . 
  hey now !, 
  we 've got two * full * ** brigades ** all right ? 
  we 're saving up for a division this christmas . 
  and sure the oul navy is basically rambling around in about 8 ships the size of a bus whilst the airforce basically flies gliders with engines taped to em . 
  we 're a bit like an atlantic switzerland . 
  not much to be gained by invading and if you did it would n't be fun . 
  i think its a 5 . 
  its neither horrific or amazing . 
  500 people died in 60 attacks this last week accross the world in islamic attacks .
