  when extremists move in one direction , their opponents move in the other extreme . 
  it is pretty clear to me now . 
  i hate to invoke godwin 's law , however this can be seen in the rise of extremist politics in the late 1800 's early 1900 's . 
  the extremist left ( socialism , communism ) fed the extremist right ( facism , reactionary politics ) and vice versa . 
  when you are engaged in totalitarian politics , the people who oppose you also become extremist . 
  this is very unsettling for moderates who just want sensible policy and discourse . 
  sovereignty is n't a joke to nations like ireland , poland and others who spent a lot of their time ruled by an empire . 
  freedom is n't a joke to anyone who is n't an authoritarian . 
  culture : see sovereignty . 
  muslims : see abrahamic religions . 
  i do not have a problem with muslims . 
  i have a problem with islam . 
  just like i do not have a problem with jews . 
  i have a problem with judaism . 
  just like i do not have a problem with catholics . 
  i have a problem with catholicism . 
  keep going for all religions . 
  edit : for anyone wondering . 
  the deleted post said `` muh soverignty , muh freedom , muh kultur , muh muslims '' roughly . 
  i am personally for the concept of a united european federation ( uef ) . 
  however , in the current social and political track i can not support it . 
  the current brand of european politicians feels content looking down their nose at their neighbours while talking of friendship and co-operation . 
  the implementation of many plans within the eu disproportionately help certain nations over others , leaving peripheral states to wither . 
  the current brand of politicians throughout the eu seem happier executing their personal vision than serving the people of europe directly . 
  this , instead of bringing unity is only creating divisions within the eu as a whole . 
  as they ignore the people , the political fringe of disillusioned dissidents grow . 
  the eu and national governements also does a horrible job with informing the public upon the treaties and agreements they are voting on or agreeing to . 
  lisbon treaty in 2008/2009 ireland is a great example where many people voted no ( status quo ) because they had n't the slightest idea what was contained in the treaty . 
  as a moderate , there is also the poisonous elements of the left , which is beginning to poison the right aswell . 
  i often take my stances on issues from anywhere on the political spectrum that makes the most sense to me . 
  however increasingly rhetoric from both sides is getting out of hand , and i ca n't but help wonder if we 're seeing an early 1900 's revival of political extremism . 
  unless the cancer of political extremism is dealt with i am uncomfortable being in a union with a country bigger than my own ( ireland ) because i do not want to be swept away in the wake of some political extremists in a larger nation . 
  i am also extremely concerned by ideological blindness to the problems of the eu . 
  bleeding heart syndrome is in full swing for things such as the migrant crisis , when the sensible thing is to deploy armies and navies to the borders until a border protection force can be trained , while we assess refugees based on their risks factors ( i.e. 
  atheists are more likely to suffer violence , minorities etc ) and resettle them dispersed among the eu and integrate them into the language and culture . 
  apparently letting people take hundred mile journeys across seas in duct tape dinghys is more sympathetic and respectful so wanting to manage the resettlement is heartless . 
  its fine if we do n't have heavily enforced borders with each other , by all means polish , german , french and spanish come to ireland to live and work . 
  but we should still have external borders that are defended and policed . 
  there seems to be zero political will to manage the crisis in anything that resembles a sensible approach . 
  i also feel that if we are to be a united federation , bigger countries need to be broken up into smaller states which can develop their own identity of statehood and cultural identity with a thread of european identity . 
  i feel this would help the smaller countries not be dragged around by large countries like germany , france , uk etc. 
  i could keep writing for pages . 
  but i will leave it at those few thoughts . 
  poes law . 
  indeed , and that one comment comprises of enough salt to fuel us until the next post !, 
  gdp growth is relative , most likely they will calculate without uk as the baseline . 
  instead of saying we went from 100 -  87 , they will say we went from 85 -  87, 
  he was willing to fight himself . 
  at least thats what i think they think makes him a true patriot ?? 
  oh they do that here too , usually the travelling people . 
  glad to see even the bad parts of irish life are getting exported . 
  forgive me if i 'm wrong , but did n't the lad who was supposed to be overseeing famine relief basically say `` this is gods punishment of the irish '' ? 
  surplus are n't objectively great things , it may mean that the dutch government are n't properly leveraging their position . 
  the only possible way to claim that the `` british isles '' is a geographic term is to completely discount the irish perspective . 
  i 'm just glad i live in the irish isles . 
  your own government no longer uses the term , which lends as much credence as anyone should need to know that the term is political in nature . 
  i 'm not saying every british person does this , but you can find countless interactions that follow the exact formula i described . 
  i did n't claim to be fair and balanced is the important part to remember here . 
  you are calling a kettle black that has declared itself black . 
  i suppose you live in the belgian low countries then so , or the nazi netherlands , or the or any host of inaccurate and politically charged ways of describing where you live . 
  * in great britain , the use of british isles has only been uncontroversial since the creation of `` britishness '' in the 1700 's with the act of the union . 
  * it 's use in academia and politics has been reducing for over a decade . 
  * it contributes to confusion amongst people who do n't live here , who ** regularly ** ask irish people `` wait you guys are n't british ? '', 
  or `` but why do you live in the british isles if you 're irish ? '', 
  * the term `` british '' in ireland is heavily cor-related with the centuries of oppression and atrocities against the native irish . 
  * the use of `` british '' in the geography is linked to `` britishness '' and therefore is politically linked to the british empire/uk . 
  the term british implies some primacy of identity to the british people over the islands , as well as may convey territorial claims over the entire geographic landscape being described . 
  also : * sigh * the only possible way to describe it as a geographic term is to completely discount the irish perspective . 
  i did n't mean every interaction with a british person about the north is like this , i meant that every time there is an argument/heated words thats how it unfolds . 
  i mean you can call this a straw man but i can go find examples all over the internet of conversations exactly like what i 'm describing . 
  its a pretty expectable dance that happens in every discussion that involves irish and british people surrounding the north . 
  now maybe i 'm biased but this is how it looks from my side almost every time . 
  step 1 : british person says something about the ira . 
  step2 : irish person ignores and conversation ends or points out the ira was a reaction discrimination and violence of the british side . 
  step3 : british person refuses to aknowledge the systematic discrimination and violence against the irish , deflects about the ira violence . 
  step4 : you are now in the loop , continue ad nauseum . 
  in actual fact , every conversation about britain and ireland online is like this . 
  i 'm amazed there is a peace at all with the discourse i 've seen online . 
  even the `` british isles '' dispute . 
  british person : `` its a geographic term ! '', 
  irish person : here is a notarised list of reasons why it is a political term . 
  british person : `` its a geographic term ! '', 
  irish person : * sighs *, 
  the protestant vs catholic thing is the way its seen . 
  however it was a lot more nuanced , there were mixed towns where it was about identity of irish vs british . 
  i know of people with mixed parents who were in the ira , and people who were on the opposite end of that spectrum . 
  it just so happened the lines conveniently fell along `` religious '' lines for it to be an indicator . 
  he only seems a peacemaker in contrast with the violent imagery imo . 
  its a fairly neutral picture . 
   i never said they were n't brutal conquerors . 
  your response implied it because the poster said  please point me towards any empire that did n't grow by killing many people along the way . 
  you misinterpreted `` growth '' as `` economic growth '' when they were talking about teritorial growth . 
  100 % assent is n't what prevents it from working , its what enables it . 
  if assent was not unanimous the eu would have been dead a long time ago , none of the small countries in the eu want to be satellite states with no say in the running . 
   he told stockholm based newspaper aftonbladet , that said sex breaks could `` kill two birds with one stone . '', 
  i think he means kill two stones with one bird . 
   others complained that one hour was n't long enough . 
  `` i spoke to a couple of older gentlemen who said , ` one hour ? 
  that is not enough time . ' '', 
  i wonder if this will be extended to non-hero employees , equality and all that y' know .
