cretinic what does the word cretinic mean . 
  i found no definition on google ? 
  [ mr. gorbachev , tear down this wall ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytydjbpbk6a ), 
  i love how rustled you get when the comedy circle jerk is n't tugging in your ideological direction . 
  it makes me want to make politically extreme pornography . 
  good job dodging the hard challenges i put forth , and only responding to the low hanging fruit i put in to see if you had any muster to your bluster . 
  you have lost . 
   kaiser was n't hitler , though , literally and figuratively . 
  never said he was . 
   they would have given independence to most/all eastern european nationalities and the austria-hungary was falling over no matter what . 
  just like they gave that nice independence to the polish . 
  they did n't try to germanize them since the 18th century partition no sir !, 
  lets just gloss over ostsiedlung and pretend `` lebensraum '' just popped out of nowhere in the 20th century !, 
   ultimately germans would have just built an economic union out of germany , all the released countries from russia and a-h and france . 
  i love how certain you are of this , despite there being no real grounds to base this claim upon , nor any real point to discussing it . 
   also , if germany won against france by late 1914 , which was definitely possible , war would been cut much shorter and the destruction , human and economic , and the tragic loss of life could have been avoided . 
  sure , the war could have been avoided . 
  but such an idea is crying over historical spilt milk . 
  what could have been , could have been worse . 
  it could have been better , but this is the world we have and speculation about potential branches of the past gets us no where in the present . 
  a late 19th/early 20th century germany . 
  not the wunderbar germany of modern times . 
  a german empire built and run by ( to some extent exaggeration ) prussian militarists and nobles . 
  i 'll pass on monarchy . 
  the germany and europe we got today are quite nice . 
   probably, 
  probably has undiagnosed adhd/aspergers or smokes a lot of weed in his free time or cocaine too much . 
  ... you know that article is from 2014 right ? 
  where did they apologise do you have a link ? 
  thanks !, 
  i think the difference here is that there is currently no standard . 
  no , you literally just made that up . 
  they 're a bunch of sarcastic wankers who scrolled around this thread looking for an irish flair because they have an unsuppressable urge to engage in meta-banter with each other because they 're probably used to talking to non-irish people who do n't understand our jokes . 
  i mean / r/ireland 's a great place to go if you need tourist advice or information about the country . 
  i can see the lot of them now , with cheeky little half smiles as they type smart arse comment in reply . 
  i mean this has n't been a new idea in gaming . 
  expansion packs have been done since the 90 's at the very least . 
  which time period and geographical location and gender ? 
  could be anywhere from 12 to 21 . 
  as long as we 're being arbitrary i really hope we 're going to be especially specific about our arbitrary rules . 
  why not ? 
  what arbitrary developmental milestone do you want to set it at ? 
  you have the right to be as insane as you want in public !, 
  you had to be taught that when you were a child no ? 
  if they can learn , teach them . 
  if they can not , deport them . 
  yeah you definitely have no idea how business works . 
  i 'll just let your ignorance stand on it 's own . 
  even if you were only 20 % dependant on a single market in most businesses it would be potentially closure , depending on the structure and composition of the business , if that market disappeared overnight . 
  wow nice meme dude . 
  i 'm sure a lot of well balanced and intelligent people have said that . 
  but hey feel free to cherry pick the most extreme and retarded examples instead of the well balanced and * accurate * analysis that the uk would be more affected than it 's trade partners . 
  no offense man but thats an incredibly silly thing to say . 
  you build a business around a market need by fulfilling that need/want . 
  the brits wanted mushrooms so he sold them mushrooms . 
  that niche collapsing was 100 % out of his control and theres no possible way someone with a strong knowledge of business would say `` yeah well its his own fault '' . 
  there are literally thousands of companies ( and farmers ) dependant on single markets because they are fulfilling a demand that those single market have . 
  being in business is a risky venture but that does n't give you the right to tell people to stuff it when their livliehoods are ruined due to market instability . 
  i feel like i just watched a bizarre ed edd and eddy cartoon . 
  i read ja hoor as `` ya whore , '' i thought you were speaking dublin there . 
  unlikely to happen until 2019-2021 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/future_enlargement_of_the_european_union, 
  lots of construction supplier companies building huge manufactories ( 500-1000 + jobs ) in romania . 
  i guess there was a housing boom there and wages are still low . 
  i 'd estimate they 're strategically setting up supply routes in the east for the next eu expansion so they can be poised for market when the joining members also have property booms . 
  english and french . 
  i feel like every region has their sheep fuckers . 
  i needed this laugh . 
  i saw this one ( nsfw language ) http://i.imgur.com/7ifskkb.png and it made me curious . 
  i think there was one that said schwanz aus fuer deutchsland or something . 
  there are some minor inaccuracies such as the 26 % increase being solely apple but overall it seems like a fairly well put together post . 
  transportation by sea is incredibly cheap [ relatively ] and i do n't think ireland has the port capacity to sustain it compared to poland . 
  the difference pricewise in shipping from poland vs ireland would be relatively minor . 
  its not just as simple as the final product -  end point . 
  you also have to consider the infrastructure , supply chain and so on . 
  what were the other details of those contract though ? 
  without knowing that its hard to just say they are good or bad . 
  i 'm definitely against zero hour abuse , but i think there are times it has some value . 
  i assume he meant to say `` just like conlan said '', 
  http://i.imgur.com/j04hqtr.png i 've played a lot of japan playthroughs in eu4/vic2/hoi3 / 4, 
  i think that calling people names is a very unproductive way to change their minds and open dialogue . 
  sad but true . 
  i forgive the leavers and the remainers . 
  i forgive the leavers for wanting to leave despite the negative consequences . 
  i forgive the remains for being upset over the outcome . 
  lets all work together now ? 
  yes , because spitting on people , insulting them and making assumptions about them is a great way to build a respectful and co-operative relationship . 
  i 'm sure your attitude wont lead to * any * unnecessary conflict . 
  forgiveness is * the * cornerstone of a functional social group at every level for rehabilitation and cohesion - begrudging erodes it . 
  ignorance is not stupidity . 
  they do not know they are wrong , and should be forgiven . 
  if confronted with the truth , and they refuse it * then * they are stupid . 
  these are just normal every day people trying to live a comfortable life . 
  i read about the gulen movement and see nothing too wrong . 
  care to explain why gulenism is a bad thing ? 
  it seems like an emphasis on interfaith dialogue , pacifism and technophilia is a good thing . 
  someone can post the full text hidden behind the login wall ? 
  hence rhetoric, 
  an unrepresentative majority government that can get stuff done sounds a bit too authoritarian for me . 
  as for ni , catholic ethnic background people currently outnumber protestant background people , ( by a very small amount ! ), 
  so reunification might not be as crazy as it sounds , depending on how it plays out .
