  the most important thing to look for consensus . 
  on some areas countries want no more interventiom , while other countries are fine with it . 
  a lot of people see the eu as a good thing despite the recent climate and think the eu does good work . 
  fair enough !, 
  were they not one and the same ? 
  the memory goes foul as the years drag on . 
  i thought cspe + sphe were given the same time slot . 
  * read very carefully * ** the point is that these people do n't care about the facts and are advocating violence and hatred . 
  ** you can literally prove this yourself by talking to a historian versed in ww2 era in 5 minutes over in / r/askhistorians . 
  [ semantics ] ( http://www.smbc-comics.com/comics/1445871657-20151026.png ) https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/semantics i wont be drawn into the degenerate argument you are trying to start . 
  if thats the hill you want to die on you are welcome to do so . 
  thats nice , you are welcome to hold that opinion . 
  that does not however refute the reasons why racism ** is actually illegal ** in my country at least with regard to hiring procedures for example . 
  so `` it is n't '' is n't a great answer . 
  a lot of people disagree with you on the hate crime thing . 
  we do have the facts . 
  the point is they do n't care about the facts . 
  talk about false equivalences . 
  the moon landings did n't involved millions of people dieing . 
  ** they are incomparable . 
  ours had a part of the class designed to teach people how to wipe their hole 's correctly . 
  they are dieing to tell people about the eu . 
  the problem is no one cares . 
  are you my 6 year old nephew ? 
  why ? 
  why ? 
  why ? 
  why ? 
  how old are you ? 
  do you know nothing of the 20th century ? 
  a cursory glance at history would explain it to you in greater detail than i can ever muster in a small text box . 
  it is a good thing because it gives the government a way to prosecute people who want to openly preach hatred . 
  a hatred that directly lead to the death of millions in the past . 
  these things are not complicated . 
  it is relatively simple to understand the whys and justifications for things . 
  whether or not you agree with the whys and justifications is another matter . 
  better men than me have written much more impressive things on this matter . 
  i suggest you read their work . 
  why is racism illegal , why are hate crimes their own category of crime ? 
  the answer to these questions in their simplest form : historical experience . 
  it stops people lieing about certain historical facts to push their political agenda , a political agenda that draws its lineage from the millions dead that they deny were killed . 
  the big thing it achieves is it gives the government a way to legally prosecute these people . 
  which is a good thing in this case . 
  i do n't know if it sets a legal precedent to ban other things , or if it gives the government special powers they do n't already hold . 
  you 'll have to consult with someone versed in national law in france and germany . 
  edit : for anyone confused about holocaust deniers . 
  please visit / r/askhistorians for more information . 
  they are the best people to talk to on reddit about it . 
  poorly . 
  without an election its panning out poorly . 
  gove will cause tensions in ni and teresa may is the patriot act condensed into human form . 
  because 99.999999999 % of holocaust deniers are jewish conspiracy advocates among other things . 
  i said it backwards , it is unhealthy roads that lead to holocaust denial . 
  holocaust denial is just a really easy flag to find the people who are ... well , for lack of a better word , modern nazis . 
  because if it is legal for people to deny those particular facts it lends itself to an unhealthy road . 
  is n't non eu migration in uk 300k/year or am i remembering a different number ? 
  i do n't think anyone has said to the contrary . 
  dublin has its charm but it has become more generic as the years pass . 
  damn son , do you play with u2 ? 
  the edge is unreal . 
  then they can stop whinging . 
  i mean value is incredibly relative . 
  right now the stuff i 'm importing from england got 10-15 % cheaper overnight . 
  however the stuff i 'm selling got more expensive for customers in the uk ( if i sold to the uk ) . 
  its not all in a vacuum currency fluctuations can have far reaching consequences . 
  because this is the perfect time to bring that shit up . 
  get yourself tested for asd . 
  if it comes back negative you are a socially inept jerk if you think this is the time to bring it up . 
  it would like saying `` this is a pointless ceremony '' to someone at a funeral . 
  it does n't matter if its true , its a jerk thing to do because of the timing . 
  i was actually mocking him, 
  http://www.x-rates.com/graph/?from=gbp&amp;to=usd&amp;amount=1 i mean click 1 year and see how thats wrong . 
  i was talking about the gbp vs dollar . 
  as for ftse , its traded in pounds no ? 
  so even though its at where it was , its inherebtly devalued because of the pound crash ? 
  it was a pretty elaborate response so i think spiel is the correct descriptor ? 
  language evolves and meanings change . 
  you could have been entirely right about the meaning of republic at some point . 
  what about them ? 
  they lost . 
  it sucks and i feel bad for them being thrown into the abyss of uncertainty and british nationalism . 
  the fact remains more of them shouod have voted . 
  its an expression . 
  i do n't actually pray . 
  but hey , take the perfect opportunity to be a jerk around a tradgedy . 
  i like the phrase knuckledraggers . 
  the young should have voted then . 
  my thoughts are with the dead 's families and the wounded . 
  i hope and pray they are able to make it through this . 
  do n't give him ideas . 
   we are satisfied that no physical assault took place . 
  we are treating the incident as a racially-aggravated public order offence and our investigation is [ ... ] so , no assault happened ? 
  what happened then ? 
  i 'm so confused . 
  sometimes i wish i just read headlines and left it at that . 
   [ ... ] some saying the floor was covered in blood could someone explain this to me ? 
  did a jerk go into the shop and verbally abuse the man ? 
  i mean , it has only gone up about 15-20 % of what it lost . 
  its hardly soon enough to call everything said 100 % scaremongering . 
  this works in the other direction .
