  for example , the italian word for hello is `` salam aleikum , '' and if you walk down the street in rome you will see italians tipping their hats and greeting each other in this way , like the opening scene from beauty and the beast . 
  meanwhile , the arabic word for hello is `` bongiourno , '' which is literally pronounced `` bonjourno . '', 
  if you take an italian and place him in the middle of saudi arabia , you will likely have to appear in court on kidnapping charges . 
  bring your prosciutto , but do n't pack any ham . 
  so you 're saying all unemployment is the result of someone quitting their job ? 
  why ca n't they find a new job ? 
  i wonder that all the time . 
  why ? 
  clinton is not entitled to the democratic votes . 
  the dnc wanted her , but the general population did not . 
   i also blame the half of americans who could n't be bothered to vote . 
  that 's clinton 's fault , or more specifically , the dnc 's fault . 
  trump was the most unpopular candidate ever to get that far in an election , but clinton 's behavior was so abhorrent that the voting base that normally goes out and votes democrat in every election could n't stand to cast a vote for her . 
  an individual who does n't vote is someone at fault . 
  millions of people who do n't vote is a phenomena . 
  this election saw the lowest voter turnout in decades . 
  clinton 's three-million-vote lead came entirely from new york city and california , which is why she is not the president . 
  almost none of the swing states , including the ones that usually vote democrat , could n't bring themselves to vote for clinton . 
  there will never , ever , ever be more jobs than workers . 
  in such a situation , there would be zero unemployment . 
  that does not exist on this planet . 
  in all societies , in all countries , there are more workers than jobs . 
  if you mean highly skilled professionals , that 's a problem of the education system and usually income inequality which creates a massive lack of access to the education that does exist ; these are not problems of `` underpopulation . '', 
  producing more babies will not fix the education system or reduce income inequality ; indeed , it will make both of those problems far , far worse . 
  do n't downvote this guy . 
  he answered the question honestly . 
  downvoting the responses with which you disagree creates an echo chamber environment . 
  do you want to know how people feel about abortion , or do you want to hear a bunch of people say yes ? 
  that 's a no . 
  third biggest . 
   if you ask other ethnicites in middle east , some might say that we are not muslims but zionists . 
  by that do you mean , a very old ethnicity that wants to transition from not having a state to having a state ? 
  seattle is definitely one of the better cities . 
  if i was planning on staying in the us , it 's one of the places i would consider living in . 
  i was exaggerating slightly ; there are a few more good urban centers in the us than just those three . 
  however , the specific problem with the majority of us cities is the intense suburbanization . 
  as / u/letitbeirie mentioned , you wo n't be able to rent a car . 
  what he did not mention , is that you wo n't be able to do * anything * if you do n't own a car . 
  in the majority of us cities , you wo n't see pedestrians in the streets , you wo n't have access to basic infrastructure such as public transport that 's common in europe , and as a result you wo n't meet people . 
  i do n't want to discourage you from coming . 
  you are welcome here . 
  but , spend a few months here before making any permanent decisions . 
  a lot of cities , like miami and los angeles , have good reputations but are terrible places to live . 
  also , / u/orthoxerox correctly predicted my failure to vote for trump , but political affiliation has nothing to do with it . 
  it is more specifically about the urban planning , the lack of infrastructure public infrastructure , the desolate streets , and the sensation of house arrest that comes with living in a suburb . 
  how many of you do n't own vehicles ? 
  i sure as fuck would n't own a vehicle if i lived in a good-quality city . 
  or in your 20s or 30s , if you 're going anywhere other than new york , boston , or san francisco . 
  if i am fortunate enough to relocate to europe , i will never relocate to the us , either . 
  the automobile did more than any other force , to destroy the united states . 
  that 's why we have extremely poor-quality urban planning . 
  i 'm glad to hear this . 
  i 've spoken to a lot of europeans who are anti-eu because `` we 're all so different from each other , '' and that america works because , compared to europeans , americans are all the same . 
  but americans have immensely radical differences of ideology depending on where you go , from religious extremism to secular purism , donald trumpistan to the liberal cities . 
  there are certain values that a lot of european countries share . 
  does your wife live with you in the uk ? 
  is she directly affected by the brexit ? 
  what if 100 % of their great grandparents came from hinterdupfing ? 
  `` european values '' as we know them did n't really become a thing until after world war ii ( though they have distant roots in the 1700s ) . 
  during the exploration period , when `` the europeans '' arrived in your part of the world they came with chaos , disease , destruction , religion , and genocide . 
   much in the same way that i do n't consider the us to be a north american player . 
  i do n't understand your concept of north american , then . 
  for example , when i went to south america , a lot of people referred to me as `` north american '' because i 'm from the us . 
  the general concept of `` north america '' i 've encountered excludes mexico . 
  i personally consider north america to include everything from guatemala to panama , but - like people who see europe and asia as one continent - i am in the minority in this . 
  that leaves just the us and canada , which is basically the us but with better social infrastructure and less global belligerence . 
  so i do n't understand what you think of when you think of `` north america '' if it does n't include the us . 
  if i were to break europe up into pieces , i 'd say there 's western europe , central europe , southeastern europe and the balkans , eastern europe , and maybe southern europe . 
  russia is in the same category as ukraine and belarus . 
  perhaps moldova and the baltic states fit in there . 
  romania is weird because they are similar to spain , italy , and portugal , and bulgaria is maybe down there with serbia and the balkans . 
  the baltic states could also be categorized with poland , which goes with czech republic and slovakia . 
  central europe is clearly defined , and includes germany ( which could be considered western europe in the postwar period ) , austria , hungary , and slovenia , which in turn could be included in the balkans with croatia which i might categorize with bulgaria . 
  italy , spain , and greece are southern europe even though they do n't share borders , and western europe includes all the big states like france , the uk , the netherlands , belgium , and perhaps denmark although they are obviously scandinavia , while finland obviously is n't . 
  maybe spain and portugal are western europe . 
  i mean , they have to be . 
  sorry about the lack of a coherent thought there . 
  it reminds me of osha from game of thrones . 
  is her accent also cockney ? 
  eli5 - what is pis and what 's going on in poland ? 
  which state ? 
  american here . 
  i dream of public transport and progressive politics and health care and workers rights and all the things you mention . 
  i hope to move to europe someday . 
  the bbc has a mobile app called bbc iplayer radio that you can use to listen to the world service , if you 're interested . 
  til finland and sweden are n't in nato . 
  seems like they 'd have more to gain from nato membership , seeing as how they 're russia 's neighbors , have a history of altercations with russia , and apparently there are those in russia 's far right who think finland should be `` donated to murmansk oblast . '', 
  2017 germany . 
  i made up sofia , france . 
  that 's a good point . 
  it 's * absolutely * urban planning . 
  design for cars is what screwed up 20th century cities , yes . 
  but there is nothing stopping humanity from making another paris , or amsterdam , or prague ; there is no reason why we have to keep putting detroits and oaklands everywhere . 
  quality of life is demonstrably lower in suburban cities . 
  it 's the same `` clay , '' the same materials , just arranged in different ways , which can produce a walkable city or a car-dependent city . 
  thank you for that information !, 
  it would n't surprise me if americans are specifically given last priority in applications , because i have been in countries where that is the case . 
  but you have encouraged me to start picking up where i left off in learning german . 
  thank you . 
  the average european city is a work of art .
