  i did n't know any of that . 
  thank you . 
  what if she only smokes a few times a year ? 
  venice is probably nicer in the winter . 
  hey man , we have tons of immigration and more cultural diversity and spoken languages than you might realize . 
   dynamic material culture ? 
  do you mean technology in general ? 
  go to google maps and look at a lot of the big european cities in different countries . 
  they tend to look similar to one another and have similar architecture . 
  do n't forget really good urban planning and public transport . 
  i agree , but , world war ii was a shared european experience , the russians sustained major losses ( the biggest in europe , right ? 
  ) , and the russian people are not necessarily responsible for the things vladimir putin does . 
  i 'm in favor of there being a europe day , but i think it makes sense not to hold it on a russian day of mourning . 
  have you ever seen the trololo singer guy ? 
  he meant poetry , i 'm sure . 
  it switches , like the poles of the earth . 
  got it . 
  i 'm just asking because everyone says only four european countries fully contribute to nato . 
  i personally believe the us is unreliable and that europe should have its own army , but the cost of a military is in the billions - especially a military that could stand up to china , russia , and the us if need be - and i read that the eu recently had to scrap a plan to give free train rides to university students due to lack of funds . 
  plus you guys have things like universal health care and universal education , which ca n't be cheap . 
  i 'm not trying to imply that europe or the eu is poor . 
  i 'm asking if they can afford to add a military to their already large list of expenses . 
  no , no , we all know the political problems of an eu army . 
  my question is * can * they . 
  is it possible ? 
  i have a related question . 
  realistically , can the eu finance its own army ? 
  bbc world service radio . 
  i have an app called bbc iplayer radio . 
  you can listen live , or scroll through hundreds of fascinating podcasts . 
  i also recommend it if you 're learning english and want to listen to british accents . 
  or if you already know english and want to listen to british accents . 
  his campaign was a disaster , too . 
  his performance at the debates was a disaster . 
  his qualifications for office were a disaster . 
  what was the spanish civil war about ? 
  was it about breakaway states like catalonia , or something else entirely ? 
  that 's a classic case of trumpgret . 
  they 're cataloguing it in / r/trumpgret . 
  i think the song was specifically meant to sound like american english . 
  i have a question . 
  within spain there are a whole bunch of languages that are similar to spanish but are n't spanish : galician , catalan , aragonese , etc. 
  does that kind of language variety exist within portugal as well ? 
  or does everyone just speak portuguese ? 
  is it easy to spot people who are brazilian or do they blend in ? 
  america 's great highways are a symptom of a problem , which is rampant suburbanization and car dependence . 
  we have highways , sure - but we do n't have trains or good-quality urban centers ( except for new york , boston , san francisco ; the majority of the country does n't have good-quality urban centers ) . 
  we have highways , but we do n't have the option not to sit on them for hours and hours every single day . 
   we do n't really talk to strangers here in hungary ( i think many parts of europe are similar ) . 
  people said the same thing about argentina , but i learned spanish talking to strangers there . 
  i understand that a lot of european countries are known for having a culture of silence , including hungary , germany , scandinavia , etc , and it does make me a little nervous for when i can finally live in those places , but i still believe it 's possible to make friends anywhere . 
  maybe i 'll be proven wrong . 
  you 're forgetting that you can practice the language with native speakers on public transport . 
  what 's the point of learning the language if you are n't going to speak to anybody ? 
   also , having a car still makes things faster than public transport . 
  i 've lived in a car city and i 've lived in a public transport city . 
  public transport is definitely faster , but people who live in public transport cities and have not lived in car cities frequently believe that driving would be faster . 
  first , i appreciate your bringing the russian perspective into this dialogue . 
  i think it 's shitty that people are downvoting you . 
  but , just as a counterargument , russia has had bad relations with both the chinese and the japanese during the 20th century . 
  i believe there was a russo-japanese war and disputed territory to this day . 
  also , a lot of these groups and empires you mention are either long extinct - there is no hitler , napoleon , or prussia today - or non-western . 
  angela merkel is not going to attempt to take saint petersburg or moscow ; that 's absurd . 
  the ottomans were n't western , they 're south of you . 
  sweden is not going to be a threat either . 
  i ca n't figure out who the plc is . 
  we 've only done two of those three things , to be fair . 
  and it 's been a few decades . 
  and ** furthermore ** , russia should be asking itself why ukraine is so eager to join nato in the first place . 
  russia created that political ecosystem themselves though . 
  they oppressed the shit out of all of the countries between russia and germany , for decades and decades . 
  any time czechoslovakia or hungary or poland would try to elect a leader who was n't overtly friendly to the kremlin , they 'd show up in the capital with tanks out . 
  the west did n't force russia 's neighbors to join nato . 
  they came to us for protection . 
   the other point is that a really united europe/russia could ( at this moment in history ) easily become the most powerful entity on the planet . 
  i agree ; sometimes i get downvoted for suggesting this . 
  but imagine , if russia were n't under the firm grip of an autocrat , and they could actually join the eu , then the schengen zone would stretch all they way from portugal to the tip of alaska almost . 
  what a wonderful world that would be . 
  but still , public transport exists . 
  there are buses and trains , and you are n't forced to buy a car . 
  of course , but many european cities themselves are built for walking . 
  that sounds like a paradise . 
  fringe definitions , like today 's top post from / r/europe , a map of europe in which [ the caucasus states are clearly included ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:europe_regions.svg ) . 
  i imagined in europe you can walk everywhere , and you can see humans walking in the streets , sitting in the streets , drinking coffee , etc. 
  there 's no public transport in the czech republic ? 
  my european dream is never having to start the engine of a car , never having to sit in traffic , never having to fill up a gas tank , never having to drive to the grocery store or to see other humans . 
  he meant romania , obviously . 
  til . 
  from reddit i arrived at the conclusion that finns and swedes hate each other . 
  europe is in asia . 
  the caribbean is not really part of north america . 
  i can see why someone would put cuba , hispa\u00f1ola , and puerto rico in north america , but everything from the virgin islands to caracas is distinctly not part of either continent . 
  there 's no cultural , political , geographical , or geological reason to consider the islands off venezuela 's coast to be part of north america . 
  that sounded more like a supporting argument than a point . 
  is your point that russia 's asian territory should disqualify it from being in the eu ? 
  the major centers of russian culture and population - moscow , saint petersburg , rostov-on-don , krasnodar , orenberg , the massive agglomeration around moscow - are all in europe . 
  that does n't fly for islands like curacao , trinidad , tobago , etc , which are right off venezuela 's coast but still considered north america . 
  their capital is in europe , their heritage is european , all of their neighbors to the west are in europe , and they share a border with several eu states . 
  bermuda is definitely not north america . 
  it 's like an atlantic hawaii .
