   yeah , those are in asia . 
  so ... duh . 
  of course they 're in asia . 
  asia goes all the way to france and spain . 
  the question is whether they are in * europe . 
  * and if you google it , you will see that some definitions of europe include all or some of those countries - including a section of kazakhstan that 's bigger than portugal - while others do n't . 
  i 'm still not convinced italy is a real place . 
  i saw a french film once at my university that i 've never been able to find . 
  it seems like a relatively modern film ( 1990s , 2000s ) and it 's about a married man who has an affair with a schoolteacher . 
  towards the beginning of the film , she asks him to go to her house to fix her curtains . 
  there were scenes of paris and there was music and it `` felt '' like an extremely french movie . 
  any idea ? 
  russia , like france and the uk , is in europe , and has peripheral territory outside of europe . 
  if russia ever joins , it 'll include the entire northern half of asia . 
  from there the eu could expand easily down into the former soviet states , pakistan , india , iran , mongolia , a couple of asean countries , and maybe a few middle eastern states . 
  i wish i could join the eu . 
  also , the southern cone countries have colder weather . 
  how about bermuda , puerto rico , martinique , indonesia ? 
  did n't you hear ? 
  `` everyone knows . '', 
  europe does n't exist on the earth or on a map . 
  only in your heart . 
  except that does n't take into account armenia , azerbaijan , kazakhstan , and georgia . 
  technically there is no european continent , it 's a cultural delineation . 
  when you take that into account , speakers of indo-european languages , such as the iranians and ( should they get a state ) the kurds , could also be included . 
  if catalonia wins independence , does that take away the threat of spain blocking scottish eu membership ? 
   and they all are afraid of indoctrination ? 
  there you go . 
  reddit tends to reflect the most liberal segment of a society . 
  ask yourself : why are american parents so afraid of indoctrination ? 
  here in florida we get tourists from new york who like to swim in the cold ocean during the winter . 
  you can have them . 
  i did n't hear the bbc say anything bad about the scottish referendum campaign or nicola sturgeon . 
  at least not the world service . 
  yup . 
  they 're like reuters . 
  they 're not there to criticize , only to report . 
  is there a referendum every year ? 
  i 'm in my late 20s . 
  i * want * to like okra . 
  i really really do . 
  but i ca n't get over how gross it is . 
  once i had deep-fried okra in san francisco and it was amazing . 
  master here . 
  can you please start sending me real virgins and not more warcraft guys ? 
  me too . 
  they ca n't be any worse than mealworms . 
  what exactly is it ? 
  and a good deal of them do n't speak spanish . 
  their positions are different , but their attitudes and behaviors are the same . 
  it 's like fundamentalist christianity and islam . 
  they need one another as equal and opposite enemies . 
  when the far left goes off the deep end , they start to resemble authoritarian right-wingers . 
  how many languages are you learning ? 
  will bill murray be safe there ? 
  europe 's cities and america 's cities are built with radically different design . 
  the average american city ( i.e. , everywhere except new york , boston , san francisco , and a few others ) is a downtown made up entirely of parking lots and warehouses , surrounded immediately by suburbs . 
  european cities have apartments with balconies and terraces built directly over stores and restaurants . 
  in europe it is possible to walk , in america it is not . 
  american cities preserve some of the negative elements of rural areas , such as car dependence and general isolation , while removing the more positive aspects of rural areas , such as open space and trees . 
  okay , what 's his attitude specifically towards the eu ? 
  what 's his view on european integration ? 
  - finnish - hungarian - basque - maltese - turkish - kazakh if you want to stretch - tatar if they 're west of the urals i think that 's all of them . 
  right ? 
  because all of the precipitation in austria comes in the form of snow ? 
  it rains a lot there ? 
  beer or liquor ? 
  you guys are like buddhist monks . 
  i think somebody taught the norwegians english before i was born . 
  that 's true ; we would ruin it . 
  and i will be forever grateful . 
  where else in germany ? 
  how is munich ? 
  that happened to me at a party in the 1980s . 
  2/10 would n't do it again . 
  lack of capital punishment is an eu entry requirement . 
  if the us tried to join the eu , we would n't meet that requirement . 
  have you tried grinning at them ? 
  not criticizing your style ; just curious about what would happen if you did . 
  if germany is a dream , what is austria ? 
  me too . 
  this exact thing . 
  same voice . 
  he does it in a lot of episodes . 
  `` hey , man . 
  are you in favor of the gradual federalization of europe , or do you prefer to see the return of smaller but more independent ... hey , where are you going !? '', 
  i 've looked at spain , too . 
  one of my favorite small towns in spain is called viana , in the northeast of the country . 
  it 's available in google maps in full 3d . 
  it looks like it has less than the population of a standard movie theater , but still it 's totally walkable and has the european-style vibe with visible human beings walking in the streets . 
  the exact same town built in the suburban style would be eight times as wide , inaccessible without a car , treeless , full of lawns , and completely desolate . 
  and they all live in leeds . 
  has this happened to you or anyone you know ? 
  do you have any stories ? 
  that sounds like exactly the type of terrifying situation i could have gotten myself into as a belligerent 19-year-old . 
  so if one day i find myself at a bus stop in scandinavia : do not : `` hey , man , how is your day ? '', 
  do : `` is free will just another illusion ? '', 
  fair enough , but how is that different from soldiers of other militaries ? 
  i have an app called tandem which is for language learning . 
  i speak to people from europe all day on it .
