  are there cafes with outdoor chairs and tables where you can sit and smoke ? 
  can people from canada live and work in the uk without any kind of visa ? 
  the day the simpsons are placed on netflix is the day global productivity takes a nosedive and nothing gets done ever again . 
  i do n't get it ? 
  it 's too bad . 
  it seems like a waste of ukraine 's resources to be participating in an unwinnable war with russia . 
  any thoughts of just amputating donbass and fortifying the shit out of the new border ? 
  hey , can you help me do my r\u00e9sum\u00e9 ? 
  that 's exactly the kind of jargon i 'm looking for . 
  we look small because of how distant we are . 
  maybe if the flag is blue with yellow stars . 
  in a few years china will just be one belt and one road away . 
  i 'll trade with you . 
  immigrating from where to where ? 
  brontosaurus is back . 
  i have been giving people wrong information for a long time . 
  it 's funny we 're even having this argument because elsewhere in this thread i 'm being downvoted for telling people to chill out because we do n't yet know who carried out the attack . 
  daesh wants to dismantle western civilization . 
  the eu and its freedoms are one of the highest geopolitical achievements of our civilization . 
  nothing will dismantle that quicker than terrorism . 
  every attack eats away at support for schengen . 
  same can be said of christianity . 
  does n't stop her from getting second place in a nationwide election . 
  brontosaurus is no longer considered to exist . 
  that does n't disprove my point at all . 
  countries like hungary who do n't want to be forced to take in people it ca n't support when it already has high unemployment , should n't be forced to . 
  and the brexit vote was just six months after the paris attacks . 
  this is the absolute most breathtakingly beautiful image i 've ever seen in my entire life . 
  [ here it is in google maps ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@43.9583193,20.2579378,3755a,35y,209.34h,55.93t/data=!3m1!1e3 ) . 
  i find the easiest way to pronounce unfamiliar words is to listen to the correct version a few times and attempt to repeat the words in the same cadence and tone , without too much struggle on getting all the consonants right . 
  as you repeat it , your vocal system will gradually get used to the way native speakers pronounce it . 
  sure , but at this point you 're playing with words . 
  `` jihad '' just means struggle . 
  in mainstream islam , it 's the personal struggle of coming to terms with oneself and one 's place in the universe . 
  only in radical islam does jihad mean killing civilians and sowing discord . 
  yes , america kicked the nest of hornets that are now attacking europe . 
  i am personally sorry about that . 
  i 'd have voted against george w. bush if i had been old enough to vote . 
  do n't forget breaking up the european union . 
  she beat all of the other candidates except macron . 
  she even beat fillon . 
  okay , let 's say you 're right , and all muslims are bad . 
  what next ? 
  what is your game plan ? 
  muslims are not the same thing as jihadis . 
  that 's like dismissing all christians as militants who kill medical doctors at abortion clinics . 
  that cautionary tale almost took over france . 
  i thought the same thing . 
  i hope it becomes a meme . 
  plus it 's the telegraph . 
  the bbc had an article like five weeks ago comparing brexit to the miocene flood . 
  you 're being downvoted , but you 're correct . 
  if we treat muslims like enemies , we will create more enemies . 
  it 's election season . 
  that guy is obviously on your side and being sarcastic . 
  for the record , the eu needs to stop forcing its members to accept a quota of refugees . 
  europe could break up over that . 
  actually , we do n't know . 
  we will know . 
  it could be what you think it is , or it could be a random drunk like the guy in times square last week . 
  or maybe it 's a disgruntled employee or a white student having an existential crisis . 
  if we assume it 's muslims every time , then the terrorists have won . 
  they * want * us to hate and fear moderate muslims so that we push them in their direction . 
  turn off your tv , turn off the radio , read the article and go do something else . 
  i wonder what that bridge and general area looked like before the open borders . 
  look at all that beautiful snow . 
   store that somewhere it wo n't show up again . 
  like underneath native american communities . 
  you 're not allowed to talk about nuclear waste on reddit . 
  nuclear is 100 % benefits and 0 % drawbacks . 
  like an eu army ? 
  too many europeans are against such a thing , unfortunately . 
  there are no other states between syria and the eu . 
  what possible other solution could exist ? 
  beautiful architecture . 
  vibrant , lively , walkable town center . 
  but the landscaping . 
  why are there no trees ? 
  i 'm big into google maps street view . 
  every single city i 've ever looked at in france is beautiful . 
  good urban planning revolutionizes a country . 
  i was just highlighting the fact that nato has no power here . 
  they 'd get eu citizenship . 
  it would be a good deal for people in an otherwise bleak industrial city . 
  if they leave nato , we wo n't save their asses when they get invaded by , uruguay . 
   also who is talking about war ? 
  like nine of the top ten comments are some variation of greece should shoot a turkish plane out of the sky . 
  does that include greek communities in places like cleveland , ohio ? 
  then turkey will open up the floodgates . 
  `` god dammit you guys , stop this at once ! '', 
  - nato, 
  oh , okay , i 'm glad you disagree . 
  if only it were n't . 
  good luck italy . 
  the eu is one of the few government entities on earth that is working on the climate . 
  it 's still the dominant economic theory ( unfortunately ) . 
  those were n't great years . 
  frequent wars , extreme human rights abuses , vicious conquests , disease , environmental devastation , poverty , serfdom , genocides . 
  europe 's ascent to greatness began after world war ii . 
  oh , that 's just hate speech .
