  is it urban , suburban , or rural ? 
  what are the politics like ? 
  is it cold or hot ? 
  what is the culture like ? 
  do you recommend i visit ? 
  what are some holidays you celebrate there ? 
  you forgot the part where brazil ruled portugal . 
  a lot of russian speakers give me the same reaction . 
  the us had its integration period in the late 1700s . 
  we , too , had our federalists and anti-federalists . 
  the federalists happened to win , but before that , each state had its own currency , foreign policy , economy , and so on . 
  south america also had a struggle between federalism and anti-federalism when they kicked the spaniards out . 
  the anti-federalists won there , but the vision of san martin and simon bolivar and the original south american liberators was that of a unified federal south america . 
  during the middle of us history , half the country fought for de-federalization . 
  me too . 
  the sofia picture was exposed as having used a telephoto lens to make the mountains look bigger than they are . 
  is that the case here ? 
  but you 're already in the same country . 
  what if the uk just kicks england and wales out , but keeps london ? 
  people in rural areas are less likely to have access to good-quality educational institutions . 
  most of the us is rural or suburban , with the exception of some corridors in the northeast and west coast . 
  for example in turkey , urban populations tend to be more liberal , and erdogan 's support comes almost entirely from rural populations . 
  the same effect exists in the united states . 
  suburban areas in the us have certain conditions which are similar to rural areas - isolation , car dependence , low interaction with strangers . 
  it creates an insular , segregated , stagnant society that is prone to populism and alternative facts . 
  the suburbs essentially absorbed all the population growth that would have gone into urban areas in non-car-dependent countries . 
  the average us city is a downtown made entirely of parking lots and warehouses , surrounded immediately by suburbs . 
  you can see this in google maps ; good examples of the standard american urban design are [ lansing , michigan ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@42.7118084,-84.5792039,1919a,20y,39.94h,59.45t/data=!3m1!1e3 ) , and [ springfield , illinois ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@39.7721979,-89.6861556,2611a,20y,39.94h,59.31t/data=!3m1!1e3 ) , both of which are state capitals . 
  explore them a little in google maps and you will see their downtowns are essentially 80 % parking lot , and the suburbs begin immediately around it . 
  in this design , there is no public transport , and no possibility for walking . 
  it leaves people essentially under house arrest . 
  it 's impossible to leave the house without driving a car , which creates a huge psychological and economic disincentive for people to go outside . 
  and there are no `` destinations . '', 
  in europe , the average city is built as apartments with balconies on top of restaurants and shops . 
  there are benches and trees and public squares . 
  this creates an environment in which walking and public transport are integral parts of the human experience , and so is seeing and interacting with strangers . 
  i have no doubt that this radical difference of urban design is the main reason why the usa and europe are so different ; it 's the reason why the geographic majority in the us is still so conservative , and why both of our major political parties look so right-wing from the european perspective . 
  it 's also the reason why san francisco and new york are the world 's most expensive cities - low supply and high demand . 
  the us has very few real `` urban '' areas . 
  switzerland , norway , and the six-pack between greece and croatia also seem to get free passes . 
  luxembourg is slipping . 
  and then they celebrated when arrested development got cancelled . 
  it 's going to be the united kingdom of england and wales if scotland jumps ship . 
  what are the arguments against a federalized scotland with northern ireland ? 
  i mean , besides the fact that it 's absurd . 
  any real arguments ? 
  the reason why idaho - and many , many other states - are losing all their young people is because the quality of urban planning there is terrible . 
  i wo n't doubt it until the election is over . 
  it 's so cute !, 
  i came to this thread for that specific one . 
  whose flag was that ? 
  they 'll be pissed when they find out albania 's not in the eu yet . 
  i wonder if they will take down the uk flag from the back wall after article 50 , or if they will just leave it up there in solidarity . 
  i imagine , if they take it down , it will be an intense and televised moment . 
  where will they put it afterwards ? 
  back to the uk ? 
  into a museum ? 
  into some back office or warehouse somewhere within the parliament where it will sit for 20 years ? 
  it 's glorious . 
  how are the mountains in grenoble ? 
  what are the general demographics of the people in the ghettos ? 
  are they ethnic bulgarians ? 
  i once spent a day in google maps looking at sofia and i do n't remember this street . 
  i remember nice , vibrant cityscapes , but no enormous nearby mountains . 
  a continent is generally defined as a landmass that is bigger than australia . 
  the two americas are separate landmasses moving in different directions across the surface of the earth . 
  they have a connection , but it 's small and temporary . 
  they are separate continents . 
  africa and asia are also separate continents . 
  like the americas , they have a tiny land connection . 
  but they are separate landmasses . 
  asia is one single continent . 
  europe - asia 's northwestern arm - is not connected to the rest of asia through tiny land bridge . 
  it is the entire western third of a single landmass . 
  there is nothing separating europe from the rest of asia . 
  it 's an arbitrary line drawn through the middle of a continent , sometimes including armenia and georgia and sometimes not , with no geographic features to back it up . 
  the ural mountains ? 
  they barely cut through a third of europe 's alleged eastern border , and do n't quite make it all the way to the arctic ocean or the caspian sea , which itself is deep in the middle of the continent . 
  it would be like cutting off south america at the south end of brazil and peru and declaring argentina and chile a separate continent . 
  sure , argentina and chile are whiter and less tropical , but they 're still one continent . 
  it would be absurd to cut south america in half that way . 
  same with asia . 
  some people try to make a cultural argument ; that does n't fly either . 
  europe has more in common with the middle east ( shared religious families , shared tug-of-war of history ) , south asia ( indo-european language family ) , and north asia ( almost entirely russian ) than it has with east asia and southeast asia . 
  no evidence or reason except * the world map . 
  he answers it specifically at 3:46 . 
  not at all , that 's not even close to what i 'm suggesting . 
  go back at watch the cgp grey video i posted ; he explains my position perfectly . 
   peninsula : surrounded on three ** ( out of four ) ** sides by water . 
   continent : surrounded by water . 
  peninsula : surrounded on three ( out of four ) sides by water . 
  continent : surrounded by water . 
  north and south america are separate continents which are joined by a tiny land bridge . 
  south america drifted independently for 50 million years before central america formed . 
  central america is a very short-lived geological phenomenon , only about five million years old , and will not last much longer before the south american continent breaks off again . 
  europe , on the other hand , is clearly a part of asia . 
  [ cgp grey - what are continents ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ubcq1x7p34 ) europe is a peninsula . 
  yiddish and ladino are both creole languages which include elements of semitic and indo-european . 
  so is maltese .
