  in the late 1700s , the 13 colonies basically functioned as independent states . 
  just as today , there were federalists and anti-federalists . 
  had the anti-federalists gotten their way , the states would have each become their own countries , and the united states never would have become a world power . 
  the same thing went on in south america , but the anti-federalists won . 
  south american liberators like san martin envisioned a unified south america as they fought against the spanish in the early 1800s . 
  had south america been unified , they would have become a power in the 20th century . 
  south america and africa are also well on their way to becoming superstates . 
  read about the african union and unasur on wikipedia . 
  the au has already begun issuing a common passport for diplomats , and plans on making them available to all au citizens by the end of this decade . 
  along with caricom in the caribbean , large multi-national blocs of states are the direction this world his headed . 
  in the 19th century we saw the unification of little nations in europe to become states like germany and italy . 
  in this century we 're seeing more global unification . 
  that 's why i said almost . 
  there are about six to ten cities in the us with good urban planning . 
  they are concentrated almost entirely in the northeast , between dc and boston , and they predate the invention of the car , and survived that thing in the 1950s and 1960s where all of our urban centers were destroyed and replaced with interstate highway intersections . 
  there 's also a few on the west coast , like portland and san francisco . 
  new orleans and chicago are okay . 
  everywhere else is suburbs . 
  i 'm from florida , so i get really frustrated when i hear northerners complain about the luxury of cold weather . 
  it 's refreshing to read this exchange . 
   much of the `` city '' is really an outer suburb by any realistic standard that 's true of almost all us cities . 
  do european countries pay servers below minimum wage , forcing them to make up the difference in tips ? 
  edit : because that 's standard practice here . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you , but the us middle class is rapidly disappearing . 
  i have a related question . 
  other global regions are putting together arrangements which are similar to the european union . 
  for example : [ unasur ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/union_of_south_american_nations ) in south america - with long-term goals of free movement of people across the continent and a single currency . 
  [ the african union ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/african_union ) , which has already started issuing diplomatic passports , with plans for a pan-african passport by the 2020s . 
  [ caricom ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caribbean_community ) in the caribbean , with plans for a common passport . 
  say the 2030s or 2040s roll around and there are several eu-like organizations around the earth . 
  how open would you be for things like free movement of people between the eu and other regional international organizations ? 
  did n't belarus try to stay in russia during the soviet breakup and get denied entry ? 
  georgia is not exactly russia 's buddy . 
  poland and even half of germany have been in russia 's sphere before . 
  i would love to see , in a generation or two , russia in the eu . 
  i think that recep erdogan should never be allowed into the eu . 
  but maybe in ten or twenty years , a turkey under a more progressive leader could join . 
  my grandmother was born there . 
  but i do n't live in europe . 
  someday i will . 
  i think you 've missed my point . 
  i agree that it would be daft of us to abandon nato , and i voted for clinton . 
  however , this was going to happen sooner or later . 
  we can not fight the rise of populism in the united states . 
  you can only do what you can to release yourself of any kind of military dependence on us . 
  i 'm from miami !, 
  :d you can improve your british accent by listening to the bbc radio . 
  there 's a smartphone app for it . 
  i highly recommend . 
  that 's the point . 
  the silver lining on the trump presidency is that it can unify europe . 
  you guys need to stop relying on the us as if we are a stable country . 
  the world needs an independent europe . 
   since you 'll be speaking to new people every few minutes . 
  i wish the us had functional urban planning . 
  i read `` yo hablo espa\u00f1ol '' in the most gringo accent my brain could produce . 
  we will . 
  i 'm calling it now . 
  george w. bush had two terms . 
  trump will have two terms . 
  i 'm vigorously anti-trump , but i agree with you . 
  trump 's domestic policy is going to be an american disaster , but his foreign policy may be superior to clinton 's . 
  we do n't need to arm syrian rebels . 
  we do n't need to fight russia in another proxy war . 
  we should cooperate with the other powers . 
  four years of us doing nothing would be great . 
  trump dislikes renewable energy . 
  he once filed a lawsuit against a windfarm in scotland because it was too close to his golf course . 
  one of his campaign platforms was to invest in coal and oil . 
  i see how it 's good for the eu . 
  europe has been dependent on the united states for far too many things , for too long . 
  the international community needs to stop behaving as if america is a stable country . 
  we are not . 
  we 're just a regular country that was handed the torch of world power status for a century . 
  europe needs to get its act together on a lot of things . 
  you need to combat internal euroscepticism , which has spread across the peninsula like wildfire , and you need to have an eu army , which too many of you are against . 
  a trump victory should serve as a wakeup call to europe . 
  the world needs you to be strong because you are the good guys . 
  when trump crashes america , it will be europe against russia and china . 
  you need to see that . 
  you need to understand why european independence is important . 
  you need to take some big steps now and start taking care of yourselves . 
  you guys need to start working on an eu army . 
  that is so danke . 
  they 'll blame the left . 
  any specific examples ? 
  edit : i ca n't tell if you 're talking about me or the other guy . 
  if it 's me , i do n't think there 's anything i 've said recently that justifies that . 
  i do want to say , if people do decide to go on judgmental quests through my comment history , that `` europeans , '' in the context of the history of indigenous peoples in the americas , refers to very specific groups of people and not europeans in general . 
  it refers to british , spanish , portuguese and dutch explorers and their immediate descendants , from the 1500s to the 1800s , who engaged in behaviors that today would be considered massive human rights abuses . 
  in that context , the word `` europeans '' is often used - lazily , perhaps - as a catch-all to describe that particular subset of people . 
  obviously the vast majority of europeans had nothing to do with that , even then . 
  i hope that was clear and nobody got offended . 
  the majority of the descendants of that subset no longer live in europe anyway . 
  and even if they did , it does n't matter , because nobody should be blamed for things previous generations did . 
  edit 2 : looking through your own comment history , it appears you may be a bit of a troll yourself . 
  well , like the n-word , it 's okay to say it if it 's part of your identity . 
  i think the word `` black '' may have become less taboo in recent years , though . 
  not everywhere , not all the time , but sometimes , yes . 
  in the 1990s it certainly was , at least in my region , south florida .
