  we have laws against that here too . 
  i think american media does censorship a lot more than european media does , especially when it comes to human anatomy . 
  the difference is that the deals between the us and the saudis are strictly trade interactions . 
  almost 0 % of it is any cultural interactions . 
  my understanding of one belt one road is that it will create the infrastructure for free movement between europe and china . 
  am i misunderstanding this ? 
  will obor build exclusively freight trains and no passenger trains ? 
  will it not allow chinese people to enter europe in greater numbers , and europeans to enter china in greater numbers ? 
  also , i want to stress that i think that would be a good thing for both europe and china . 
  however , if i were to try to look at it from the perspective of xi jinping , i would be concerned that chinese citizens outside of china would have access to all the information i 'm blocking within chinese borders . 
  if china becomes a more global society where citizens can just leave the country and get all the information that 's available to everyone else , what would be the point of blocking all that information at home ? 
  how would the ccp maintain its monopoly on information when citizens have greater access to the outside world ? 
  ( i am aware that china is not north korea and that chinese people are already free to travel abroad . ), 
  conversely , if china becomes a center of economic and political power in afro-eurasia , could they , or would they , enforce their rules on other societies ? 
  if they become 1,000 times more powerful than the european union , could they enforce their own the rest of the eurasian continent ? 
  would they ? 
  what , exactly , is the ccp 's reasoning for restricting internet access to the chinese people ? 
  why even bother to enforce something like that - no google , no youtube , no whatsapp , no facebook , when basically the entire rest of the world has access to it ? 
  why are they running that law at home ? 
  and if they are willing to censor the internet at home , why * would n't * they try to shut those mediums of information down when they become a global power ? 
  what are some examples ? 
  it 's weird , because i think about that type of thing a lot . 
  like , * why * did china build a fake paris ? 
  my outlook on life is defined by the idea that the european model of urban planning should be exported to the entire world , especially the united states , but the world in general . 
  80 % of the stuff in my comment history is about that . 
  so here china went and built a paris , but nobody lives there and it 's a ghost town . 
  so , why ? 
  what went wrong ? 
  my theory is that they built it too far away from any existing urban centers . 
  there is a lot of talk now about integration and cooperation between the european union and china . 
  i think it 's great , and i think china 's one belt one road will bring a net benefit to humanity as a whole . 
  however : the eu and china are vastly different societies with different economic systems , laws , and values . 
  for example : european countries tend to be very open and liberal and democratic . 
  europeans can be naked on television and urinate outdoors , for example . 
  europe has free media , and very low levels of censorship if any . 
  china is far more authoritarian . 
  china does not allow its citizens to use facebook , youtube , or even google . 
  chinese media is heavily censored . 
  china does not have elections or political parties . 
  please do not take this as criticism . 
  i am doing my best to be descriptive without being biased . 
  my question is , how will these two vastly different societies be reconciled under one belt one road ? 
  will one become dominant ? 
  will chinese authoritarianism seep into europe ? 
  will european liberalism seep into china ? 
  how are you able to access youtube in china ? 
  is n't there a fake paris in china also ? 
  like an entire paris ? 
  i 've noticed miami has that effect on people also . 
  i 'm using a language exchange app , and i speak to a lot of people from places like italy and argentina and russia who believe in this bizarre image of miami in which it 's a nice place to live , full of dreams and beauty and all kinds of this-or-that . 
  miami in reality is nothing but suburbs and warehouses and parking lots ; it 's one of the worst big cities in the us . 
  not just historic but * well-planned . 
  * one of the key differences between europe and the usa is the urban planning . 
  the average european city has apartments * with balconies * over cafes with chairs in the street . 
  europe has lots of pedestrians , parks , and vibrant human life . 
  the average american city was built specifically for cars instead of people . 
  you can drive for miles and miles in an american city without seeing a single pedestrian or tree . 
  there is no street life , just a city center that 's mostly parking lots and office buildings , surrounded by endless desolate suburbs . 
  most american cities do not have functional public transport . 
  ( there are exceptions - new york city , boston , san francisco , a few others - but the vast majority of american cities fit this description . ), 
  america would benefit overnight if we could import a mass of architects , engineers , and city planners from europe . 
  while we 're on the subject of urban planning - to the chinese in here ( edit : actually , to everyone ) , do you like the city you live in ? 
  do you feel it 's accessible and vibrant ? 
  to all - what are some benefits that could arise from a possible situation of free movement of people between the european union and china ? 
  nope , it showed tons of different images . 
  it 's a magazine . 
  i have n't seen that . 
  show me . 
  the ten commandments , in both christianity and judaism , is the section that carries the least amount of legal weight . 
  the old and new testaments both thoroughly contradict the ten commandments . 
   because the governments do not have enough resources to spy on them all . 
  weird . 
  with all the muslims europe has , you 'd think they can hire a few interpreters . 
  the us if you really enjoy hanging by a thread above the depths of poverty . 
  i agree with you , but they 're probably saying the same thing about france . 
   the best place to live in earth to be fair , earth is not a very competitive place when it comes to `` best places to live . '', 
  europe is certainly the best place to live on earth , but look around at the competition . 
  the only non-european countries that come close to european quality of life are maybe canada and new zealand . 
  ohh . 
  their * flags . 
  * shit i knew that . 
  i noticed my local newspaper this morning ( miami herald ) had the headline `` france elects youngest ever president . '', 
  i thought , what an odd way to identify him , of all the possible things to choose from . 
  now i see we 're the only newspaper that did it . 
  like obama . 
  the fact that there are people out there in the international community who think america is t_d makes me depressed and embarrassed . 
  french `` r. '', 
  i 've been looking at a map for two hours and i do n't see it . 
  anyone got a visual aid ? 
  you know , while we 're on the subject , i keep hearing that if you 're american and you 're in paris , people will hate you for no reason , even if you are nice and well-behaved . 
  - how much truth is there to this stereotype ? 
  - as an american who dreams of exploring paris , is there any way i can avoid being negatively regarded ? 
  what happened in may 1968 ? 
  i mean belarus , eastern ukriane , the eastern parts of the baltic states where everyone speaks russian , armenia , azerbaijan , maybe also moldova . 
  romania is linguistically more latin than slavic . 
  because i really enjoy using recreational drugs . 
  https://www.google.com/maps/@47.298213,28.3662215,3a,75y,346.76h,81.6t/data=!3m8!1e1!3m6!1s-lcqmu-rxfmw%2fvzcx_9qcpqi%2faaaaaaaab4o%2f1qjpvp3sztobigcrbasgzsmc173kfk0wacjkc!2e4!3e11!6s%2f%2flh5.googleusercontent.com%2f-lcqmu-rxfmw%2fvzcx_9qcpqi%2faaaaaaaab4o%2f1qjpvp3sztobigcrbasgzsmc173kfk0wacjkc%2fw203-h100-k-no-pi0-ya270.5-ro-0-fo100%2f!7i7680!8i3840!5m1!1e4 can confirm . 
  russian is the french of east europe and central asia . 
  now there 's a country that really had no potatoes . 
  what other languages , besides chinese or arabic , would replace english as the lingua franca ?
