  bbc said trump got a very warm reception in poland . 
  because they reproduce . 
  migrants are generally not extremists . 
  but they frequently produce children who are . 
  a large proportion of attacks are perpetrated by people who are born in europe . 
  we are n't anti-russia , we 're anti-putin . 
  russian culture is as great as french or italian culture . 
  but like , i do n't get it . 
  one of the main objectives of the g20 was for merkel and macron and basically everyone else there to convince trump to adhere to the paris agreement . 
  i 'm a devout environmentalist and i love protesting , but i do n't understand the point of protesting the g20 in particular . 
  almost all the countries in the g20 are pro-environment except maybe russia , america , and turkey . 
  nothing official is even decided at the g20 . 
  what 's so horrible about the 20 top heads of state gathering and getting to know each other ? 
  like since the 80s bc ? 
  graffiti has always been a thing . 
  there 's ancient roman graffiti . 
   with a gentleman i am a gentleman and a half and you know the rest . 
  i 've never heard this . 
  can you finish it for me ? 
  it sounds like something i would enjoy . 
  after deforesting the island they lost the ability to build boats and got stuck . 
  this actually did happen on a lot of polynesian islands . 
  easter island , with the giant heads , had a stranded and isolated colony of people for about 1,000 years until european explorers found it . 
  you had powerpoint in second grade ? 
  are you 12 ? 
  or have i reached the bitter reaches of old age ? 
  is there a source for that ? 
  cypress is a common species of gymnosperm tree in north america . 
  it 's conceivable that cypress hill is a real hill and the band was named after it . 
  it was featured on the bbc world service this morning . 
  new peace talks . 
  first attempt since 2004 . 
  if it does n't work , they say it 'll be a while before they can try again . 
  politicians on both sides ( according to the bbc ) are the most open in generations to the unification of the island . 
  the big wedge issue has to do with the military and security . 
  all the other issues , like economics and stuff , have a general consensus on the island . 
  representatives from both greek and turkish cyprus are in ( geneva ? ), 
  right now trying to sort out a peace plan . 
  the final plan will be put to referendum . 
  the last such referendum in 2004 was rejected . 
  it got me wondering . 
  how did a country with such a massive political schism get accepted in the eu ? 
  are turkish cypriots eu citizens with eu passports ? 
  is there free movement of people between the two sides of the island or is it on israel-and-gaza style lockdown ? 
  xie xie . 
  i thought mei guo was just the chinese pronunciation of america . 
  the only way to keep the eu together is by strengthening the eu 's external borders . 
  europe 's southern borders are weaker because they are oceanic . 
  it 's not like the usa 's five-thousand-mile land border with mexico where you can just build a wall . 
  great landscapes , great people , new economies . 
  who are you people who are so good in math yet have unlimited time to spend calculating random shit on reddit ? 
  do you have jobs ? 
  there 's a difference between new york city and paris . 
  the city you 're describing ( overcrowded sidewalks ) is new york city . 
  new york is cool , but it 's hardly a gold standard for urban planning . 
  there 's no breathing room in new york because the density there is way too high . 
  in more well-designed cities like paris , buenos aires , milan , etc. , there 's breathing room on the sidewalk . 
  the opposite extreme is suburban us cities ( where i assume we both live ) , where there 's absolutely no one on the sidewalk , ever . 
  seriously . 
  people glorify the recreational opportunities provided by the ocean but if you 're not a tourist , there really are n't any . 
  seems like there are no trees . 
  as an island , you 'd think it would be improved with trees holding the soil together . 
  why ? 
  take a look at [ the average american city ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@39.7996451,-89.6598937,702a,35y,38.25h,31.82t/data=!3m1!1e3 ) , built to make driving easy . 
  it 's 85 % parking lot , surrounded by suburbs . 
  having the option of walking and taking public transport is a luxury . 
  it 's more important that a city create the spaces for * life , * for pedestrians , for vibrant quality of living . 
  otherwise the city will be completely destroyed . 
  car-cities are desolate places . 
  paris , like many european cities , is designed for people and not for cars . 
  that 's why paris is amazing , and why nobody will ever go to kansas city , missouri , for vacation . 
  take a look at [ the average american city ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@39.7996451,-89.6598937,702a,35y,38.25h,31.82t/data=!3m1!1e3 ) , built to make driving easy . 
  it 's 85 % parking lot , surrounded by suburbs . 
  having the option of walking and taking public transport is a luxury . 
  it 's more important that a city create the spaces for * life , * for pedestrians , for vibrant quality of living . 
  otherwise the city will be completely destroyed . 
  car-cities are desolate places . 
  paris , like many european cities , is designed for people and not for cars . 
  that 's why paris is amazing , and why nobody will ever go to kansas city , missouri , for vacation . 
  yeah but cold  heat . 
  i already live in an unlivable place . 
  i 'll be happy to wear a sweater and some layers for most of the year . 
  hey thanks . 
  that was a good article . 
  i have no idea why i 'm being downvoted . 
  i do n't even feel like i 'm saying anything that controversial . 
  maybe corporate europe is so radically different from corporate america that i just have no concept of it . 
  because i am not a charity . 
  that 's a good question , though . 
  i 'm going to have to think about it . 
  yes , and as soon as that employee is replaceable with a packaged algorithm , the company will do so . 
  companies are not charities . 
  they are n't there to make humanity better , or to make the world a better place . 
  they are there for self-interest and to produce profits for the people at the top . 
  which is why there 's little incentive to pay employees a living wage . 
  all of them ? 
  it 's beautiful . 
  i was asking specifically about vlore and southern albania . 
  i want to live in this place . 
  look at those forests .
