  the average north american city is a parking lot . 
  you think you 're not a paradise because you have n't lived in the us . 
  come over , spend five years in a place like missouri or florida , and you 'll develop a new appreciation for sweden . 
  american admirer of european culture here . 
  one of my favorite things about europe is the urban planning . 
  there are places in europe where you can * walk . 
  * in the us , that largely does n't exist . 
  you have some pockets in the northeast and west coast , and everything else is suburban garbage . 
  in europe , there 's at least one really good-quality city in every country . 
  in the us , there are entire large clusters of states that do n't have any good cities . 
  egypt is n't in europe . 
  i said it for the benefit of people from sofia , france . 
  are you sure ? 
  how do you know this ? 
  that hurts . 
   americans are last on their list are you sure ? 
  how do you know this ? 
  paris barcelona madrid berlin munich prague milan turin rome copenhagen amsterdam rotterdam sofia , bulgaria london edinburg glasgow vilnius, 
  how do we stabilize libya ? 
  and those are just from this week !, 
  also , to answer your question directly , definitely not . 
  i wish i could go to europe . 
  do you think the eu should break up ? 
  i think the eu will be fine without the uk . 
  better , even . 
  but france feels somehow more important . 
  more integral to the union . 
  more quintessentially european . 
  i think that losing france will not only be an economic and political blow to europe , but a psychological one as well . 
  you 're lucky . 
  in miami , our alarm clock is mosquitoes . 
  and they come a few hours before sunrise . 
  if you learn german , you will be able to secure opportunities to study in germany . 
  germany is probably one of the top five best countries on earth . 
  i think that in terms of raw opportunity , german will take you further than russian . 
  i am currently learning both german and russian in mobile apps ; they 're both beautiful languages , in my opinion . 
  i love russian culture but i would n't want to live there , at least not under the current leadership . 
  but if i had the opportunity to live in germany , i 'd be there already . 
  bear in mind that access to germany is essentially access to all of europe . 
  botswana is a highly developed country for its region and has one of the best governments in africa . 
  they 're even on google maps street view . 
  my grandmother was born and grew up in romania and is jewish . 
  she carries a belief that romanians are extremely anti-semitic and dislike jews simply because of their ethnicity . 
  would you say that 's no longer true ? 
  can you give me a quick eli5 breakdown of unionists and republicans in ireland ? 
  i agree with you generally , but israel and palestine look the way they do today because of decades of sustained campaigns of terrorism . 
  the wall was built as a reaction to routine suicide bombs . 
  israel does not interfere with gaza politics ; gaza themselves elected hamas to represent them . 
  i also dislike netanyahu and likkud , and if i were israeli i would vote against them . 
  and there is plenty of reprehensible behavior coming from the israeli side , especially among settlers in the west bank . 
  however , i think the ball for actual functional peace between the two sides is firmly in the palestinians ' court . 
  israel and israelis are targets because they are non-muslim - just like european countries are targets . 
  too many people in the region have the desire to bring the entire world under a single religion , and they are happy to commit massive acts of violence to show the world how badly they want it . 
  the attacks we 've seen in europe over the past two years have been business-as-usual in israel for many decades . 
  terrorism and violence breed right-wing extremism . 
  we are seeing it now in europe , as the eu could lose france and the netherlands next year ; israel is not immune to the same trends . 
  netanyahu and likkud are in power because of terrorism . 
  i 'm not saying that europe is n't diverse , but those two examples - diversity of religious views and levels of corruption - are certianly present in the united states . 
  in urban centers it 's very common for people to be atheist , there 's also large collections of muslims , christians , jews , and others , while very large swaths of middle america have 1300s-levels of extremist christianity . 
  corruption definitely exists in the us , especially in places like florida and the southeast . 
  google the `` good old boy system , '' or the history of why dade county , florida , was renamed to miami-dade county . 
  but there are also regions with relatively low levels of corruption , like new york and california . 
  i highly doubt the us will approach denmark/finland levels of freedom from corruption in this century . 
  on the contrary , the president-elect seems to be filling his cabinet with some of the most corrupt individuals he can find . 
  wall street bailouts , lobbyists , corporations having more control over the government than people do - despite our image , there is plenty of corruption in the us . 
  it just looks different from the type of corruption they have in greece or latin america . 
  also there are some latin american countries that have very low or declining levels of corruption , such as uruguay and chile . 
  colombia has been improving , too . 
  one thing europe has that we do n't have are tons of languages . 
  the united states is similar to turkey in that we have very liberal urban centers but very conservative rural areas . 
  if everyone were responsible for all the behavior of their allies , we 'd have a much more fractured world . 
  i love finland . 
  i 've never been there , but they 're like the northern version of italy . 
  i imagine being in finland would be comparable to being in dreams . 
  but with better food . 
  turkey is at the confluence of three regions : - europe - the middle east - central asia they are not quite any of those , but they have a lot in common with all three . 
  they are like europe because they have territory in europe , and they have several european-style urban centers such as istanbul and izmir . 
  erdoganism tends to come from rural turkey , while urban turkish people lean in more western and secular/liberal directions . 
  they are like the middle east because of their state religion and the instability it brings . 
  also , like the balkans , the levant was under ottoman rule for a few centuries . 
  and they are like central asia because central asian languages are turkic . 
  there is an entire swath of turkic-speaking cultures across central asia , from anatolia all the way to ( and including ) mongolia . 
  azerbaijan , kazakhstan , the tatar republic in russia , and many other central asian groups speak turkic languages . 
  therefore : europe + the middle east + central asia = turkey . 
  so is kazakhstan ... 
  christianity is middle eastern . 
  also if you look at the pattern of historical coups in turkey , the most recent one is radically different in many ways . 
  she eats flies and cleans her eyes with her tongue . 
  she is a komodo dragon , brought to the uk by captain ahab in 1895 . 
  she 's the missing galapagos tortoise . 
  you can . 
  you 'll go to jail for a few years , but you can . 
  how so ? 
  what did denmark do ? 
  sykes was your fault . 
  think of the middle east as a beehive with sweet and delicious black honey . 
  one day , the united states came across the ocean and we threw the biggest rock we could find at the beehive . 
  now all the bees are flying out of the beehive and attacking europe . 
  the differences between rural middle america ( donald trumpistan ) and the urban coastal northeast and west are as massive as those within europe . 
  extremely different religious ideologies , different attitudes towards race and ethnicity , completely different types of economies , different perceptions on whether science is real , etc.
