  the dialogue is brilliant . 
  i was actually just thinking , this morning , on my way to work , listening to some british guy on npr describe the uk election results as a `` pig 's breakfast , '' that wet women handing out swords is no basis for a system of government . 
  nerdy = will be a doctor or engineer ten years from now . 
  i hope we do . 
  but what 's the alternative ? 
  go bankrupt fighting an unwinnable war ? 
  i get the same kind of shit as an american . 
  a lot of ~ ~ europeans ~ ~ people in the international community like to blame us individually for things like trump , the iraq wars , and all this bullshit we really have no control over . 
  i think the best case scenario for ukraine - correct me if i 'm wrong - would be for the country to break in two like czechoslovakia . 
  crimea , donbass , and all these russian-majority areas in the east can form their own ukrainian soviet socialist republic or whatever , and western ukraine , with lviv and kiev and majority ukrainian speakers , should join the eu . 
  there is no way ukraine will defeat russia in this war . 
  they 're just going to keep pouring money , human lives , and military resources trying to keep their current borders . 
  western ukraine is capable of being an extremely progressive and forward country like anywhere else in europe . 
  eastern ukraine is a lost cause . 
  you did n't fail , you gave up before you got to a more fluent level . 
  max and moritz is cool . 
  that 's only a problem if you live in a place that forces you to buy a car to survive . 
  if you need a car , you do n't live in a good-quality city . 
  having a car as a luxury for taking road trips is great , but it 's like having a boat . 
  you should n't be * dependent * on it for taking care of all of your basic needs . 
  i agree . 
  for me , the perfect city is a place like paris , or buenos aires . 
  residences on top of businesses , tons of trees and parks , public transport , buildings with real texture and `` beauty '' instead of flat glass and flat concrete . 
  * i should have been an architect . 
  it 's an ongoing disaster . 
  in a really well-designed city , lack of parking spaces is n't a problem because car ownership is optional . 
   minus parking places . 
  does this mean that there is not enough parking , or that too much outdoor space is dedicated to parking ? 
  definitely better with trees . 
   they got sued over it classic quintessential us . 
   the modern-day warsaw , albeit being a completely different city , is already leaps and bounds better than its pre-war counterpart . 
  in what ways ? 
  it 's not the weather , it 's the architecture . 
  the grey picture shows a lot of soviet-style balcony-free buildings and parking lots , plus the reflection of fluorescent lights invoke that depressing feeling you get when you 're in an office building at night . 
  there would have to be a political framework . 
  maybe even a founding document . 
  for example : in non-defensive wars , a single country can have veto power . 
  romania is russian italy . 
  thank you for your detailed reply . 
   car culture is very ingrained in the us , so unless public transport is heavily encouraged you 'll have a hard job with that . 
  i think this is a chicken-or-the-egg type of situation . 
  our urban planning does n't allow for functional public transport systems , because the density is too low . 
  anywhere you might put a train or bus stop will only be accessible to about 80 people ; everyone else will have to drive there . 
  new york city and boston have good public transport because they are dense , but average cities need to become much denser in order to support public transport systems . 
  until that happens , car dependence will remain in place . 
   look up `` la plata '' , in argentina . 
  it may be an example of what you 're looking for . 
  actually i lived in buenos aires for a year , which is what got me inspired about urban planning and architecture . 
  i 'm familiar with carlos thais and la plata , although i have not visited it , i have explored it in google maps and i 've spoken to lots of people who are from there . 
  people in la plata seem to be unhappy with their city . 
  in my opinion , it has too many one-story buildings . 
  even though there are lots of parks , there is low density and the city is n't as lively as buenos aires as a result . 
  some neighborhoods in buenos aires are basically paris , so i think there 's no reason why we ca n't copy that design in other cities , especially in the americas , russia , china , africa , and - when we get there - other worlds . 
  [ i made these images ] ( http://imgur.com/a/jxmed ) that combine buenos aires 's style of urban planning with the garden city concept . 
  i think a lot of garden cities failed because they have to have a relatively high level of density in order to work ; otherwise they become dead and inaccessible places . 
  thank you for linking me to cadafalch and bohigas , i will read about them . 
  i have an intermediate level of spanish so ~ ~ i 'll try to read though the spanish versions of the articles ~ ~ . 
  ( edit : just saw it 's in catalan . 
  i 'll be better off just reading the translations . ), 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm glad you appreciate that . 
  to be honest , i 'm surprised swedish people are capable of experiencing hate . 
  all the best cities look like sushi rolls . 
  cities in the uk are heavily suburbanized , to the point where it 's wreaking political havoc . 
  i did a project on this . 
  the uk 's most european-like cities - manchester , london , even leeds - voted remain , while the american-like cities - places with no urban centers and just suburbs - voted for brexit with margins as high as 70 % . 
  source : http://www.bbc.com/news/politics/eu_referendum/results , plus a lot of time spent in google maps and street view . 
  get rid of the balconies also . 
  and more parking lots in between the buildings . 
  more ground space . 
  what can you do with a degree in urbanism ? 
  is it the same as having a degree in architecture , or completely different ? 
   here you have the original plan by idelfons cerd\u00e0 this is what i want to do with my life . 
  what should i study ? 
  just architecture ? 
  civil engineering ? 
  urban planning ? 
  something else entirely ? 
   at a urban scale of course , details were left for architects what was his actual profession , if he was n't an architect ? 
  i am interested in this field , but when i apply to architecture programs , i 'm always told there is no room for creativity because you have to design whatever the jackass client tells you to . 
  but what 's the point of being an architect if you are not an architect of urban affairs ? 
  my goal , specifically , is to put barcelonas and copenhagens and parises all over the earth , especially in the us where we are in desperate need of them as the overwhelming majority of our cities [ are parking lots ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@39.8065023,-89.6577021,564a,35y,146.02h,34.63t/data=!3m1!1e3 ) . 
  what job can i get where i can actually make decisions and influence how a city is built ? 
  i 'm worried about urban planning on mars , when we get there . 
  i 'm worried that we 're going to fill it up with detroits and miamis , instead of amsterdams and pragues . 
  also , totally unrelated , but what did barcelona look like before that part of the city was built ? 
  just as soon as internal opposition subsides . 
  czechyland, 
  does slovakia allow dual citizenship ? 
  also had some kind of armed confrontation with russia in 1968 ? 
  even in other big cities like the hague and rotterdam ? 
  this is basically what i 'm asking . 
  obviously i 'm not going to smoke anything in the middle of a crowd of people . 
  but if i 'm relaxing on a bench by a canal or in a park with a cigarette that has no tobacco , will i get in trouble and/or cause a disturbance ? 
  you stay here and be triggered . 
  how does smoking in public in amsterdam work ? 
  is it frowned upon everywhere ? 
  or only where these signs are ? 
  are people expected to smoke indoors or somewhere they wo n't be seen ? 
  do people smoke in public , or will they get in trouble for it ?
