  okay , so you do n't stand by your initial comment . 
  is it my responsibility to know about every interview every politician has ever given ? 
  i thought about this in the shower this morning . 
  you can name exactly one interview in which sanders apparently performed poorly . 
  so what ? 
  has clinton not performed poorly in the media before ? 
  shit , trump performed poorly in all three * debates * and he was still voted into the white house . 
  if you link me to this alleged poor-quality sanders interview i will read it ; if not , i 'm not going to go out of my way to search for it . 
  a single interview does n't seem particularly consequential against a politician 's long-held ( and consistent ) views over a period of decades . 
  move to north dakota and see how the americans do it . 
  you do make a good point , though . 
  that 's decades-old behavior on china 's part ( if not centuries ) ; hopefully we will see less of it as china continues to change . 
  it 's not like we 've been proving them wrong , with the past couple of elections we 've had . 
  there are certain things that need to be done that ca n't be done in a democracy . 
  a good example is china 's environmental policy . 
  the us will never produce such good policies so quickly because there is too much bureaucracy , red tape , and opposition from idiots . 
  china has a really big mess to clean up , and they need to be able to take action without red tape and political blockages . 
  but on the way , they will create a better society within china - more education , less coal , more environmental regulations , less smog , hopefully more human rights . 
  this is china 's current path . 
  they are not perfect - they are absolutely terrible in many regards - but a democracy in china * at this time * would only put more roadblocks on china 's path forward . 
  i would n't be surprised to see a democratic china in as few as 50 years . 
  enlighten me . 
  democracy will come to china in due time ; they are not ready . 
  china jumped from the third world to a bizarre semblance of the first world with breakneck speed . 
  they did n't always have good education ; they do now . 
  china is improving . 
  every day , good news comes out of china , of positive changes . 
  all of a sudden they are protecting the environment . 
  all of a sudden they are going after the financiers of poaching . 
  all of a sudden they landed on the moon 's dark side . 
  all of a sudden they have a two-child policy . 
  ( i personally disagree with that last one ; i think they need to keep their one-child policy going for at least another decade or two , but western media has been treating it as a progressive change . ), 
  china is rapidly changing , and will not look the same ten years from now as it does now , or as it did ten ( or fifty ) years ago . 
  perhaps china 's positive changes can be attributed to their investment in education . 
  singapore is a special case . 
  they 're like china , korea , japan and germany on steroids and concentrated into a single island with an economy bigger than multiple countries hundreds of times its size . 
  according to singaporeans who post on reddit , they seem to be happy with the status quo and are not pushing for a lot of political change . 
  some of singapore 's customs which may seem fascist to us , such as the criminalization of spitting and having long hair , are just part of the culture that has developed on the island as a result of its unique history and location . 
  singapore has lots of immigration from first world countries such as those in europe , and argentina . 
  singapore is a weird country that does n't really make a good example for the education/democracy correlation . 
  they 're like the switzerland of australasia , maybe . 
   education can not solve it since modern world is too complex . 
  i agree with all of your points except that one . 
  i think that under a good education system , the average person can be given to tools and basic knowledge to have a decent understanding of a variety of issues without being an expert . 
  climate change , for instance . 
  there 's no excuse for people not believing in climate change . 
  but you do n't have to be an expert in complex climactic models to recognize the reality of climate change ; you just need a broad general knowledge and understanding of how the scientific community works and how the scientific method works . 
  can you find any information about which geographic regions have given le pen the most support ? 
  i think there was a miscommunication there . 
  you were comparing your cat to clinton , and i was completing the comparison . 
  sanders has been a part of congress for decades . 
  he absolutely knows his way around washington . 
  the way he handled the dnc 's bestowment of the nomination to clinton was stately and presidential , a move from an experienced politician who understands how elections work . 
  had he been younger or inexperienced or unfamiliar with washington , he might have challenged the dnc 's corrupt rules ; instead , he recognized that trump was worse than clinton and attempted to create party unity . 
  the democrat voters , of course , were disgusted by the whole shitshow , and so they refused to show up to the polls to vote for clinton . 
  and furthermore , he did n't have answers ? 
  just use google . 
  funding education and health care and protecting the environment are not that difficult . 
  sanders wanted the united states to act as * all other first world countries do . 
  * he was n't trying to get us to jupiter or anything extraordinary like that ; he was n't trying to do anything that has n't been done already by lots of other countries . 
  go to google and read about vermont 's health care system . 
  yes , it is possible to make the united states a better country . 
  nothing sanders wanted to do was bizarre or untested . 
  bringing the united states up to speed and improving quality of life here do not have to be unreachable goals . 
  we 're the only country in the first world that has not been able to do it . 
  a lot of the more educated republican voters supported clinton because they saw trump as abhorrent , while clinton was : - qualified - predictable - the status quo but clinton had very little support within her own party . 
  there was very little turnout among democrat voters this election , because clinton herself was abhorrent and went against a lot of democrat party values . 
  to name some examples , she is pro-wall street and pro-war . 
  and she 's narcissistic as hell . 
  she acted like the presidency was her birthright , which is why she had no problem sabotaging the campaigns of the other democrat candidates , and when she lost , she had plenty of blame for russia and the fbi and zero blame for herself . 
  clinton , more than any other single person , is responsible for there being a president trump . 
   he kept criticizing clinton even after she won the primary . 
  there 's no evidence clinton won the primary . 
  there 's plenty of evidence clinton sabotaged it , in her own words , and subverted the democratic process in her own party . 
  the superdelegate system did n't help . 
  and sanders did n't say a damn thing about clinton after the dnc selected her . 
  he shut his mouth and got in line , to the dismay of his supporters . 
  even after she failed to beat trump , he still has n't said anything bad about her . 
  french seems like it would be too classy , socialist , and european , for a publication such as breitbart . 
  why zero ? 
  okay , realistically , though , what chance does she have of pulling france out of the eu , even if she gets elected ? 
  could she just say , `` i 'm president , i declare that france is now leaving the eu '' ? 
  or would she have to put it to referendum ? 
  and what if the people of france vote remain , even with her as president ? 
  she herself would vote for trump and is a big vocal trump supporter . 
  are you personally against macron ? 
  or do you think uneducated populations are capable of basic critical thinking skills ? 
  for the republicans - the voters and the establishment - trump is better because their values are aligned . 
  trump wants to eliminate regulations on large corporations and wall street . 
  he wants tax cuts to the wealthy , and to the biggest corporations . 
  this has been overt republican policy through the reagan and bush years . 
  trump hates the environment and does n't want to believe in climate change . 
  another brownie point among republicans . 
  trump does not want women to have access to clean , safe , legal abortions . 
  he wants to dismantle the affordable care act . 
  more big scores for the republicans . 
  trump clearly dislikes muslims and mexico , and wants to give christians preferential treatment among refugees from the middle east . 
  he 's not even close to diverging from republican values . 
  trump has no understanding of basic economics . 
  republicans love that .
