  hey russian speakers : what are these two letters ? 
  that weather is absolutely , spectacularly , fantastically beautiful . 
  you vilniusians are lucky . 
  but , that 's more parking lots than i expected to see in a european capital . 
  that 's what i 'm thinking . 
  if your industry is really that terrible , your only choice is basically to switch industries . 
  i get that older people and people with limited access to education do n't have that option , but realistically , what would happen if these farmers just quit ? 
  in the article it said something like france 's agricultural sector has shrunk by 80 % since the 1970s . 
  i agree . 
  looks nice and cold . 
  wow , that looks like an incredible place . 
  thank you . 
  / r/papertowns is full of these charming little maps . 
  does it really look like this ? 
  or is this another super-zoom trick photo ? 
  there 's only one way to find out . 
  thank you , excellent chart . 
  i 'm actually looking for romanian-language media . 
  why would that be a bad thing ? 
  why would it be any worse than more localized forms of nationalism ? 
  in which countries did you have more negative experiences ? 
  are people from andorra very strongly in favor of catalonian independence ? 
  what language do andorrans speak ? 
  what are some good mainstream newspapers from there ? 
  what do you think of trud ? 
  what do you think of kathimerini and to bhma ? 
  i mean media that does n't lean too heavily in any direction , even if it 's a direction i agree with ; i want to learn the language and politics and culture of the country with the least possible amount of bias . 
  for example , in us media , npr is okay , new york times is good , reuters is good ; but cnn and fox news are both too biased . 
  thanks , i 've found romania to be one of the more difficult countries to find media in , and most romanian people i speak to are very cynical about romanian media and say that all of it is bad . 
  what do you think of rom\u00e2nia liber\u0103 ? 
  also in my search , i found this spectacular wikipedia article : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/evenimentul_zilei . 
  i read on the internet that el pais is against catalonian independence . 
  do you know if that affects how average people in catalonia regard el pais ? 
  do they hold it in very strong disregard ? 
  thank you . 
  let me know how your search goes too . 
  i found this [ series of videos about studying in germany ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xohtuio4lq&amp;list=plii8wdl8t4qlnuqlvbwr8gjzykag_msjd ) which i think were put out by the german government . 
  the spanish language has the same word . 
  i have an app called bbc iplayer radio which is quite excellent and i listen to it all day long . 
  when you open it , select the world service station ; everything else is boring local uk stations . 
  i 'm in a similar boat as you , except i do n't have uk citizenship . 
  i got a bachelor 's degree in `` international relations , '' and after years of job searching , i 've come to understand that i am almost completely unemployable . 
  i spent a year in a generic call center job ( not telemarketing , fortunately ) . 
  i quit that job six months ago to apply to study in europe , but my applications have been rejected and now i have a six-month gap in my r\u00e9sum\u00e9 and i 'm about to apply to work at starbucks . 
  i 've been applying to mbas , but mba programs wo n't accept me because i 'm not `` competitive . '', 
  i am strongly considering just starting over with a second bachelor 's , in something concretely useful like architecture or engineering . 
  i developed an interest in architecture after i graduated , because i spent a year teaching english and living in a city that has real architecture . 
  i have no academic or professional background in engineering but i believe in my ability to do it ; after all , even the most accomplished engineers in the world were once people who had no academic or professional backgrounds in engineering . 
  the only thing that concerns me is that i will turn 30 in fourteen months ; i think that may hurt my chances of getting accepted to any program . 
  i 'm 100 % sure i want to study in europe , i just do n't want to study anything useless , and i ca n't get into the mba programs . 
  so for now i am still searching . 
  with each other , i meant . 
  slovakia is one of the countries i 'm looking at to try to become a citizen . 
  i 'll be happy to trade with you , but i 'd get the better end of the deal . 
  maybe if we look similar enough we could just switch passports and hope nobody notices . 
  it 's interesting . 
  in the us , people from that demographic of attitude have a strong disdain for both `` progressive '' and `` liberal '' people . 
  for example one of my parents ' friends said she disliked hillary clinton because clinton is `` a progressive , '' while clinton herself tried to shut down the progressive wing of her own party . 
  and `` liberals '' is used as a catch-all insult around here . 
  this is the only positive response so far in this thread . 
  could you elaborate a little as to why ? 
  hopefully nobody will downvote you for sharing your opinion . 
  it 's pretty violent to intentionally create a situation that will cause millions of deaths , billions of dollars in economic damage , the destruction of hundreds of cities , and unprecedented global refugee crises . 
  europe ca n't fix america 's domestic problems . 
  holy shit grilled cheese, 
  and then someone else did a second time and experienced the same outcome . 
  for a good decade and a half the west and russia were n't really having any major problems . 
  in the 2012 us election , for example , obama insisted that it 's not the 1980s anymore and that fearing russia is an absurd anachronism . 
  it was n't until well into his second term that relations with russia and putin went sour . 
   and they 're perfectly able to lie to themselves about it and pretend they 're progressive and liberal . 
  does that mean they place value in being progressive and liberal ? 
  what are you saying ? 
  that all of the life in the universe happens to be where you stand ? 
  theresa may wo n't do it . 
  the only possibility is if the lib dems win the snap election on an `` abort brexit '' platform . 
  and ~ ~ reddit says ~ ~ that 's impossible . 
  my friend has a cousin from the caribbean . 
  he was caught on some island with an obscene quantity of marijuana , in kilograms . 
  we read the newspaper article about , and it said he would be fined $ 5,000 or sentenced to ** one year ** in prison . 
  we all had a great big horselaugh about that . 
  if i had the opportunity to move to europe and live there and work there , i would be there already . 
  i 'm thinking it 's things like that . 
  everyone and their mother is studying it these days , it should n't be too hard for the eastern countries to get someone to come in there and do up their websites . 
  excellent point . 
  there 's a common sentiment that some of the poorer countries in the eastern part of the european union are losing population , as all their youth are flocking to the countries in the western part of the european union . 
  i think the great thing about free movement of people is that it can allow for humanity to flow freely through the system , rather than a one-sided westward stampede . 
  so my general question is , how can we set up the conditions that as many french students want to go to romania , as romanian students want to go to france . 
  something like that . 
  apparently the `` overnight '' part is a popular myth . 
  and * furthermore , * he turned me into a newt . 
  europe needs to go back to its roots in terms of urban planning . 
  one of the great things about european cities that sets them apart from american cities is that they have spectacular urban planning , public transport , walkable places , and artistic architecture . 
  but in recent decades europe has built a lot of car-dependent suburban sprawl . 
  i bet there 's public transport available . 
  what part of the us do you live in ? 
  same . 
  if i had an easy way in ( such as dutch citizenship ) , i 'd already be over there . 
  referenced who ? 
  i think among normal plebeians , people associate watergate with nixon but nobody knows what it 's about . 
  no one i know has seen all the president 's men .
