thank god . 
  you europeans have been way too divided in the last few decades . 
  something needed to unify you . 
  i 've been thinking all day that if my country elects trump , the silver lining would be more motivation for unification in europe , and possible increased internal support for an eu army . 
  i 'm really glad to see this on the front page of / r/europe . 
  i 'm new to this subreddit , though . 
  is the attitude today different from normal ? 
  the best thing about us electing trump is that maybe it will kickstart you guys into unity and action . 
  do you think norway should join the eu ? 
  why or why not ? 
  i read that on reddit . 
  now it 's istanbul . 
  paris does n't snow ? 
  the reason why european leaders have to kiss erdogan 's ass right now is because he is keeping the massive waves of migration in check , as part of a deal struck in late 2015 . 
  if he gets pissed enough , he can reopen the floodgates . 
  lawns tend to be on the ground . 
  true . 
  i apologize . 
  it 's so weird to see all this technology i once regarded as normal - nokia phones , large computer keyboards - look so comically outdated . 
  2001 does n't feel like a long time ago , but it was . 
  now i know how people from the 1980s must feel . 
  republicans seem to be causing problems on both sides of the atlantic . 
  that was intense . 
  this is the current pattern , yes . 
  what do you suggest should be done ? 
  here i am imagining all the parks in europe turn into parties in the evening . 
  i ca n't believe it 's still not common sense to plant trees instead of lawns . 
  san francisco is cold most of the year , miami is hot most of the year . 
  actually , miami is extremely humid . 
  san francisco has nice weather year-round ; cool summers and cold winters . 
  miami is nasty almost the entire year . 
  hot except for a few weeks in the dead of winter when it gets down to the 70s f , or low 20s c. 
  san francisco and miami have diametrically opposed types of weather . 
  i just came from there . 
  it was decent but there 's been a lot of instability since barack obama led russian forces into china . 
  can i ask what is your occupation ? 
  trump would be against it but obama probably would have been supportive . 
  he was very pro-eu , pro-regional integration , in favor of bringing down trade barriers , etc. 
  i 'm jealous of both the eu 's , and canada 's , progressive ways . 
  the mayor of kharkiv ( kharkov ? ), 
  in northeastern ukraine is jewish . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hennadiy_kernes surprised me when i found out . 
  google maps street view . 
  take a moment , look at the big square in the center of lviv city . 
  it looks like a place i , personally , would want to live . 
  i do n't understand what you are saying . 
  are you talking about world war ii ? 
  canada is one of the most multicultural nations on earth and they have european levels of quality of life . 
  how do they do it ? 
  yes it was , for many centuries , and the other half of europe as well . 
  now they have amazing public transport , universal health care , international cooperation , open borders , education that is both affordable and of very high quality , no patriot act or erosion of civil liberties , walkable urban centers , bicycle cities , and the longest period of history without a war . 
  what 's our excuse ? 
  there 's a bunch of crazy presidents running around out there right now . 
  the ann coulter of finland . 
  it 's not too late for you to start an actual homosexual church . 
  are you from iraq ? 
  if i were rich in america , i 'd use the money to move to europe . 
  but then again , i 'm lower middle class in america and i 'm still using the money i have to move to europe . 
  the uk was undergoing a housing crisis due to overwhelming suburban expansion . 
  look at [ the referendum results ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/politics/eu_referendum/results ) and then look at all the leave vs. 
  remain strongholds in google maps . 
  the places that voted leave are suburban towns with no urban centers , no walkable streets , the types of towns where you have to get everywhere by car and you do n't typically see or interact with anyone other than your immediate family . 
  places with american-style urban planning . 
  the places that voted remain - london , bath , manchester , yorkshire - have more `` european '' style urban planning , in which there is density and residential apartment buildings on top of stores and restaurants . 
  those are the types of places where walking is a viable method of transportation , public transport exists , car ownership is not mandatory , and human interaction takes place . 
  local economies are more likely to develop in the `` european '' style of urban planning , and it 's easier to maintain a job there because you are n't spending your whole income on your car . 
  disenfranchised , isolated people with less access to the thinly-spread resources are more likely to be found in suburbia . 
  look at le pen strongholds in france and you 'll see the same type of pattern . 
  geopolitics is affected by urban planning in more ways than you might realize . 
   the colombian government went against the results of the referendum and did the peace deal anyway . 
  that 's not exactly what happened . 
  i think they 've been outside the eu this entire time . 
  does that mean we can also turn london yellow ? 
  i listen to bbc all day and there is no bbc accent . 
  i can hear scots , yorkshire people , all kinds of varieties . 
  it 's a buzzword that tabloids like daily mail and the express use to remind you that juncker spends part of his day sitting at a desk . 
  if the express does n't want to get banned , maybe they should start doing journalism and stop making up bullshit . 
  every time i see an article from the express it 's full of capital letters and bizarre false claims . 
  like winston churchill . 
  in cyrillic : tne okh mau veat me excellent job , i was trying to get a whole sentence out of that . 
  just googled it . 
  [ it costs about 650,000 euros ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/business-27674135 ) to become a citizen of malta . 
  by any chance , do you have 649,950 euros i can borrow ? 
  well ? 
  was it binding ? 
  ice people , obviously . 
  i bet pembroke , florida , is not part of that . 
   only other eu island state apart from ireland . 
  cyprus ... ? 
  which writing system do they use ? 
  wikipedia says that 's old cyrillic . 
   the glagolitic alphabet was created by the monk saint cyril , possibly with the aid of his brother saint methodius , around 863 . 
  wikipedia 's mistake , not mine . 
  huh . 
  til the cyrillic alphabet was actually developed by someone named cyril . 
  you can always buy chinese . 
  your syrup made my hands sticky for like two hours . 
  `` the goat '' instead of `` a goat '' makes this infinitely more comical . 
  do they have their own indigenous alphabets , like thai and tibetan do ? 
  what words can you form using just the letters in the center ?
