  toe babe bat the i think that 's all of them . 
  he 's donating to and supporting far-right candidates in europe . 
  how are those serbian letters pronounced ? 
  the serbian cyrillic also has a bunch of bizarre letters . 
  wow , great website . 
  i 'll look at it if i plan a trip to ukraine . 
  does anyone know why indonesian , filipino , etc , use the latin alphabet ? 
  that p is definitely a fuckup on the part of o\u041f . 
  but you do n't have mountains . 
   russia has more to gain in a healthy relationship with the eu than it could gain with erdo . 
  i personally agree with this , but i think putin does not . 
  he 's trying to break up the eu . 
  by `` useful idiot '' i 'm referring specifically to erdogan and his administration , not to the turkish people or the turkish military . 
  with his middle finger and his mouth . 
  i have n't heard the bbc give a lot of airtime to climate deniers . 
  probably about 20 years . 
  they can already get to the mediterranean through syria . 
  yeah , but look at it from russia 's perspective . 
  if they want to take down the west , they have to go through turkey . 
  erdogan would consider it a privilege to be allied with putin , while putin will see erdogan as a useful idiot . 
  they will work together in this . 
  that weather looks beautiful , from a miami perspective . 
  it 's the big wide streets and lack of trees that make these particular photos of minsk look depressing . 
  how will you be able to tell when the new season starts ? 
  it 'll occupy the entire reddit front page for a month and a half . 
  you wo n't miss it , do n't worry . 
  i usually like to wait until the season is over so that i can binge watch it , but the past few seasons i was forced to watch it episode-by-episode as the new ones came out , because reddit kept reminding me it was there . 
  probably since before that . 
  there was a referendum in the 70s . 
  small far right movements exist in every country . 
  different kinds of events give them more power . 
  terrorism in europe in recent years has given power and numbers to the far right . 
  kind of like the us after 9/11 . 
  there had always been anti-civil-liberties movements in the us , but 9/11 gave them fuel for the patriot act . 
  they did it themselves . 
  two bullets in the back of the head , etc. 
  i do n't know why everybody needs to point a finger at vladimir . 
  especially if they did it in a small airplane . 
  maybe we can get them to race each other instead of fight each other . 
  let 's put them on bicycles . 
  fear leads to closing borders and the potential breakup of the european union . 
  brexit was just a few months after the paris attacks . 
  this fear of refugees has created internal divisions and threatens european unity . 
  the uk has already fallen out of the eu . 
  france could be next . 
  took me a minute , but i get it . 
  he 's making a joke about how `` slav '' is similar to `` slave . '', 
  if i do n't save the wee turtles , who will ? 
  the working class does n't have access to better jobs because they do n't have access to education . 
  a whole bunch of people are going to believe that . 
   by saying they are simply incapable of making an informed choice yes , i am saying that  you actually disrespect them . 
  i would n't say so . 
  is it disrespectful to say that a man in a maze does not know which route leads to the exit ? 
  how can he know that from his location ? 
  `` one google search '' is an immense gulf away from , easily , over 50 % of people . 
  they wo n't do it . 
  to assume that they will is to shoot oneself in the foot . 
  they do n't know how , they do n't know what to look for . 
  a candidate 's name ? 
  great , now there 's 20 pages of results . 
  somebody who does n't know the bbc from breitbart is not going to have the tools to discern an article they probably wo n't read anyway , from a clickbait propaganda piece full of capital letters to get your attention . 
  perhaps it 's our responsibility as a society to improve the education systems and breed savvy voters . 
  in some countries , we have not done that . 
  all the people who believe trump will drain the swamp simply do not have the tools or the access to information to make a solid assessment as to whether or not he will do that . 
  can you clarify a little ? 
  what are the differences between this and the current map ? 
   their situation does not make them not responsible for their choice . 
  they knowingly picked what they picked and they have to face the consequences , among them the judgment of others . 
  i have to disagree with this . 
  in the case of brexit , the leave campaign , farage and johnson and the rest , consistently sold lies to the british people . 
  masses of people ended up believing in the idea that the uk spends 375 million pounds on eu membership and all the others . 
  in the us we started using the term `` low-information voters '' until someone suggested it was racist , which it never was ; it was racially neutral . 
  low-information voters went and voted for trump because they have no idea what 's going on in the world . 
  they were screwed over by decades of republican dismantlement of the education system , they had never been given the tools to develop critical thinking skills , they had been born into extremist religious views in many cases , and they got all their information from sources like breitbart and fox news . 
  ( though i do agree it 's ridiculous to blame the russians , because trump would have won anyway . 
  but now that european elections are coming up you are going to have to start fighting back in this propaganda war . ), 
  it 's not like there 's tons of jobs in the service industry , either . 
   the losers are allowed to lose , dying industries are not supported to keep people employed . 
  there 's a whole auto industry that disagrees . 
  i agree with both of you . 
  it is douchey to suggest that unemployed former coal miners can simply go out and find new jobs . 
  they ca n't . 
  if they could , they 'd have done it already . 
  unemployment has more to do with demographic trends than with personal character flaws on behalf of the unemployed . 
  it 's the same as telling anyone else in poverty they should just go get a job . 
  if you do n't have the money to sleep indoors , you 're not going to be able to buy the tools you need to pass a job interview - the computer and the suit alone are out of * my * price range and i 'm lucky enough to earn $ 2 above minimum wage . 
  in suburban areas you also have to buy a car . 
  there are more people than there are jobs and somebody will always be left out . 
  as inequality grows and population grows , the unemployed will be larger and larger groups of people . 
  however , coal mining jobs are still never going back to west virginia . 
  no , he said the opposite thing . 
  he was describing the mentality . 
  do you use the latin alphabet , cyrillic alphabet , or both ? 
  what language is that ? 
  does montenegro have its own language ? 
  what family is it in ? 
  i know absolutely nothing about this country . 
  any montenegrins here ? 
  what 's it like there ? 
  do you enjoy living there ?
