  they 're so vertical . 
  not all companies . 
  i 'm talking about majorities , not absolutes . 
  but , companies generally try to maximize profit while minimizing costs . 
  employees are a major burden on companies , because you have to pay them a living wage , and in first world countries you have to give them benefits like vacation and health care , while they have [ notoriously low productivity ] ( http://www.bbc.com/capital/story/20170612-why-you-should-manage-your-energy-not-your-time ) . 
  the trend is towards automation and reducing the number of employees . 
  sometimes companies are given incentives to keep employees on board or not to automate , and sometimes there 's a good guy at the ceo position who does n't want to fire tons of people . 
  but the overall trend is that companies get rid of their employees as soon as they are able to . 
  does it snow there ? 
  given the choice , they do n't . 
  the implication in / r/abell370 's comment is that countries earn money due to having employed people , as if having employees is part of the mechanism through which companies earn money , hence the sarcastic `` you do n't say . '', 
  however , having employees is more of an expense than a benefit . 
  the discussion spiraled off the interpretation that estonia has a negative minimum wage . 
  this is the only answer . 
  there 's a maximum of like three places in the us with a $ 15 minimum wage . 
  seattle was first a few years ago and it made national news because of how crazy and controversial it was . 
  minimum wage here in florida is $ 8.00 an hour . 
  as opposed to countries that have to pay money to employ people , which is the norm . 
  there 's a reason companies have an incentive to automate . 
  at least i 'll look good afterwards . 
  fun fact : a wall wo n't help , because miami is built on top of porous limestone . 
  no , i mean give it time and the uk will come back to european integration . 
  for now , the uk needs to focus on domestic problems , particularly the urban planning crisis . 
  there are too many suburbs and parking lots , and not enough `` european - `` style urban centers . 
  that 's why the uk is becoming so similar to the us . 
  if there were a european union army , i would swim across the atlantic to go and join it . 
  a lie can travel around the world three times before the truth has even put its boots on . 
   do n't allow there to be a united states of europe i mean , i can get why they would be worried that europe would become similar to the united states , but the eu institutions are there to prevent that from happening . 
  give it time . 
  because keeping the benefits of membership while discarding the responsibilities is n't an option . 
  well , brexit means brexit after all . 
  what the fuck did the brexiteers * think * they were voting for ? 
  that parking lot ruins it . 
  vladimir !, 
  what is this shit ? 
  i completely did n't catch that nice lady 's name . 
  when doing reforestation projects , there are a number of important things people should do and do n't . 
  plant native trees . 
  native trees are resistant to local conditions and hazards . 
  native trees in fire-prone areas are sometimes resistant to fires . 
  here in florida , our slash pine , * pinus elliotti * , evolved in a fire-prone environment and is known for being fire resistant . 
  native trees will also be drought resistant , and they also provide food and habitat for other native species , including animals and other plants . 
  they also tend to be endangered . 
  plant more angiosperms than gymnosperms . 
  angiosperms are large , shady , hardwood trees that produce fruit . 
  gymnosperms are taller , skinnier trees with needle-like leaves and pine cones . 
  angiosperms absorb a lot more carbon and are better at combating climate change . 
  do n't plant so many palm trees . 
  especially in cities . 
  they are telephone poles . 
  they do not provide shade or beauty the way large angiosperms do . 
  they do n't protect people from the sun . 
  they 're ( arguably ) not even trees . 
  they 're commenilids , which puts them in a family with grasses . 
  some palm trees are fine and they have a place in their ecosystem , but a lot of cities , even in europe , will plant nothing but palm trees everywhere , which is functionally the same as no trees , in locations where oak and other large shady species would do well . 
  there is no excuse for this . 
  plant trees in cities . 
  some cites have really nice tree cover , like paris , other cities - even very charming and well-designed ones - have no trees at all ( or palms exclusively ) . 
  trees are a necessary part of urban infrastructure . 
  yakutsk always has really hot summers and cold winters . 
  it 's famous for that . 
  at least they go away for a few months out of the year . 
  hello from mosquito-ridden florida . 
    do n't really accept you as a member of their in-group as quickly as americans do . 
   no shit , considering americas history versus european history . 
  could you elaborate on this ? 
   russia still has plenty of elections to destabilize this is only relevant in countries with weak democracies . 
  france and the netherlands did n't vote along russia 's interests , even though macron 's e-mail history was exposed just like clinton 's . 
  the uk 's first past the post system , and the usa 's two-party disaster where half the federal government is extremist right wing and the other half is moderate right wing and even the democrats are willing to engage in corruption , will easily produce negative results . 
  trump is president because of america , not because of russia . 
  russia did n't spend decades suppressing our education systems , our medical systems , and our medical systems - * we * did that . 
  ( more specifically republicans , but * our * republicans . ), 
  russia did n't force us to become christian extremists . 
  russia did n't cover our whole country in desolate suburbs to kowtow to our auto industry . 
  we did those things . 
  it 's not russia 's fault the dnc selected a corrupt and unpopular candidate . 
  we created trump 's demographic , and we elect republicans every decade . 
  if we fix our domestic problems and clean up our politics , we wo n't have to worry about `` russian interference . '', 
  there are also people from all over the world who dream of becoming eu citizens . 
  specifically the subreddit , not the country . 
  canada , australia , new zealand , maybe the uk , and / r/mexico . 
  maybe three decades ? 
  when the eu is a superpower and the pound is barely worth a dollar . 
  yeah they 'll finally be able to build that army . 
  it 's sub-urban , because it 's less than urban . 
  you can see it in google maps . 
  suburbs are * nothing but * parking lots . 
  if you look at healthy and functional urban areas , like paris or buenos aires or copenhagen , you will see that they do n't have any parking lots at all . 
  that 's the point . 
  these are people who are totally against accessible healthcare , and who abhor the poor . 
  that 's why they shut the government down in an attempt to prevent obamacare from taking effect - because now that americans have had a taste of health care , it 's much more difficult to take it away . 
  it was hilarious when the republicans could n't get rid of it , despite having a majority in every part of the federal government . 
  people who voted against obamacare are overwhelmingly in the demographic that 's dependent on it . 
  they 'll get rid of it eventually . 
  most likely they 'll screw up the economics of it like they did with social security . 
  you can tell people are from cold climates when they believe hot weather is a good thing . 
  i saw it as a kid and i disliked it . 
  i found it weird and disturbing , and i did n't get the humor . 
  i 've never seen it since then , but i 've seen clips of it on youtube and i think i understand now . 
  it 's satirical .
