  damn you science !, 
  plants will break up the concrete like a frozen chocolate bar . 
  europe - the northwestern peninsula of a continenet, 
  wait , what about yiddish and ladino ? 
  it 's not too late to start planting trees . 
  oaks are nice . 
  some nice native trees . 
  some big broadleaf angiosperms . 
  anywhere where there 's a lawn , is space for a tree to be planted . 
  i agree with you . 
  his job was to represent russia on the global stage . 
  his job was not to try and change russia 's behavior ; had he tried , russia would have just replaced him with some other representative . 
  to quote the simpsons : `` if you had n't done it , some other nerd would have . '', 
  this guy was doing his job as the representative of a state . 
  he was a diplomat , an ambassador . 
  is the state he represents involved in heinous and imperialistic behavior ? 
  sure . 
  that does n't mean he 's a criminal for doing his job and fulfilling his role within the state . 
  not every bureaucrat is responsible for the actions of the state . 
  it 's not my opinion . 
  it 's an observation . 
  if hungary wants to sacrifice their economy to the myth of infinite growth , they can go right ahead . 
  i agree with you . 
  but a lot of people disagree with that . 
  the dominant theory around reddit is that high birthrates are necessary to keep the economy running , and to prevent white people from dying out 200 years from now . 
  a lot of people believe that it is . 
  that is such fearmongering . 
  it only takes 250 males and 250 females to make a sustainable breeding population . 
  hungary is nowhere close to reaching that point . 
  you ca n't extrapolate what will happen two hundred years from now , based on a 20-year trend . 
  it only took 100 years for the earth 's population to go from one billion to seven billion . 
  there is a thing called doubling time : the bigger a population gets , the faster it grows . 
  it 's a lot harder to slow population growth than to speed it up . 
  to speed it up , all you have to do is cut funding to education and promote abstinence-only education . 
  hungary is not making a good decision . 
  what use is scotland to the uk ? 
  do you work in a horse stable ? 
  you should be more respectful to sweden after the terrible events of this weekend . 
  it 's really not . 
  what are the other aspects ? 
  has the youth always been this progressive ? 
  or have they been getting more progressive over time ? 
  you irish always get a bad deal . 
  sorry , i did n't mean to attack you like that . 
  i was reacting to the idea that scotland 's 2014 stay-or-leave-the-uk referendum is the same as a 2017 referendum would be , which i 've heard a lot of people saying . 
  the uk voted to leave the eu . 
  that is a * huge * deal . 
  i do n't understand how people can claim that is the same thing . 
  it 's like deciding to stay married to someone who has become an alcoholic . 
  maybe they were n't an alcoholic on your wedding day , but they are now . 
  the uk outside of the eu is a completely different arrangement than the uk in the eu . 
  for candy ? 
  mmm , taint, 
  yes ? 
  welcome to america . 
  in such an arrangement , be happy if you are n't scotland . 
  and \u00f1, 
  may is ten months before march . 
  the scottish people voted in 2014 to remain part of a united kingdom in a united europe . 
  if the brexit vote was held a month before scottish independence , we might have seen something different . 
  if you want to drag england and wales out of europe , great . 
  it 's not scotland 's responsibility to follow you . 
  well , last time there was a big crisis in europe , a rapidly changing world , shifting alliances , shifting balances of power , and rising populism and right-wing ideology , plus the perception of an ethnic minority threatening to take over europe . 
  those conditions have all gone away , right ? 
  i notice there 's a much higher percentage of dead characters on the turkish side . 
  i choose to believe it 's a reincarnation , although the lookalike himself is not aware of his spiritual past . 
  nevertheless , he is compelled to dress and act the part , and revisit his former birthplace . 
  except this time , instead of getting elected chancellor and starting a war , he 's going to go to jail for 30 days or something . 
  is this what people are going to say about him ? 
  hard talk is so good tho, 
  edit : okay , i googled the new york daily news sanders interview . 
  boy , was it long !, 
  i feel like it was 30 pages of text . 
  i read about 25 % of it and it was pretty boring , nothing different from all the things sanders has been saying the entire time . 
  the tpp and nafta . 
  companies moving production overseas to avoid paying workers living wages and to avoid paying taxes . 
  nothing bizarre , nothing offensive . 
  so i clicked on a different article , called `` the scary bernie sanders , '' from the same publication . 
  i thought maybe somebody would distill the embarrassing parts and explain what exactly was wrong with this big disaster of an interview . 
  but 100 % of the article talked about sanders not showing up to aipac . 
  that was it . 
  that was the only thing this publication could attack him on . 
  not his policies . 
  not his views . 
  just his decision not to show up to a meeting held by a lobbyist group . 
  so sanders does n't think israel should keep building settlements on palestinian land . 
  so what ? 
  anybody who favors a two-state solution , international law , and good relations between the israelis and palestinians , will be against israel building homes on palestinian private land in the west bank . 
  if anyone is anti-israel , it 's the settlers , because they make israel look like a rogue ethno-state in the eyes of the international community . 
  only extremists do n't recognize this . 
  if israel takes over the west bank , they ca n't give the palestinians citizenship because they will demographically overwhelm israel . 
  so if there is no two-state solution , what will happen to the west bank ( and gaza ) palestinians ? 
  will they be forced to spend the rest of time in a kind of stateless limbo ? 
  if that 's what netanyahu wants , why does n't he come out and say that he is against a two-state solution ? 
  i have written extensive comments defending israel just in the past two pages of my comment history . 
  but there is no excuse for settlement building in the west bank . 
  aipac is an extremist organization that pushes far-right-wing views into the united states government on behalf of the right-wing branch of a foreign government . 
  only extremists believe that not showing up to an aipac meeting constitutes any kind of anti-semitic or anti-israeli mentality . 
  the writer of this new york daily news article seems to belong to this camp . 
  if sanders had said anything else embarrassing in the interview , this writer who was clearly interested in attacking sanders , was not able to produce it , and instead came up with the baseless aipac bullshit .
