  good luck in 2017 . 
  car dependence , or lack thereof , is produced by poor design , not culture . 
  is luxembourg full of suburbs ? 
  hey , congratulations on being one of the few countries this year to avoid an election disaster . 
  do his pants fit ? 
  what solution would you suggest ? 
  yup . 
  the attackers know that this shit is fracturing the european union . 
  these attacks are on europe . 
  arabs had nothing to do with the shooting in turkey . 
  slow news day . 
  no one panics , no one gets killed . 
  the world has a beautiful christmas . 
  2016 defies expectations once again . 
  some newspaper publishes a story about muslim kids and jewish kids building a sandcastle together on the beach or some shit . 
  that does n't occur in europe ? 
  mmm . 
  sounds refreshing . 
  hello from florida . 
  hot weather ? 
  the `` sane , sensible '' right is the right that created the policies that led to the social conditions that birthed the alt-right in the first place . 
  i dislike beautiful mountains . 
  i do n't know anything about the netherlands , but that ad makes me want to vote for the chainsaw guy . 
  your confidence that lepen wo n't win is not reassuring me . 
  republicans are pretty far right , especially compared to the left/right politicians in the developed world . 
  if the republicans get their way , they 'll repeal separation of church and state and turn america into a radical christian non-democracy . 
  a lot of people from places like new york and new jersey move to florida to retire . 
  these people do n't come to florida looking for jobs or a better life , they come looking for hot weather . 
  i know a lot of these people personally . 
  after a few years , they become very unhappy . 
  when i worked in the market research industry , i used to speak to people who would cry to me that they sold everything in new york to move to florida 's suburbs , and are now stuck here , isolated from the world . 
  young people who are born and/or grow up in florida want to leave this place . 
  i 've lived in florida my entire life . 
  everyone who became successful has left the state , either to go to chicago , new york , california , europe , or somewhere nice . 
  the only people who are still here are those who have not found jobs , got stuck in the service industry , or do drugs just a little bit too frequently to do anything else . 
  i personally hope to be out of here by early 2017 . 
  have you visited the us ? 
  the `` country '' may be wealthy , but there is huge inequality here , and our middle class is disappearing rapidly . 
  most of our tax dollars get dumped into the military . 
  many social services are either lacking or do n't exist . 
  there are entire states with extremely low-quality education , and you can forget about health care . 
  the mentally ill are left to wander in the streets . 
  control of universities has been handed over to the free market , meaning that tuitions are skyrocketing and only a very small percentage of the population will be able to get university educated . 
  as these trends continue , you will see more populism , more religious extremism , more poverty , and more donald trumps in the white house . 
  we 're also working really hard to ensure the population wo n't have access to clean water , for example by digging a pipeline underneath the missouri river . 
  there are places in several states - west virginia , michigan , north carolina , florida - where the clean water has already been lost . 
  just like in third world countries . 
  ultranationalist culture absolutely exists here . 
  you wo n't find it in new york or boston or san francisco , or any of the nice places to visit , but there 's a myth floating around that america is the best country in the world and at least half the country is drinking the kool aid . 
  all the rural areas , red states , and the geographic majority of the country , are full of ultranationalist culture of the worst kind . 
  in many areas , jobs are nonexistent . 
  it 's close to impossible to find a job even in urban areas ; in rural areas there 's nothing , just former manufacturing and mining employees . 
  in places like west virginia there is demand to keep [ mountaintop removal ] ( https://www.google.com/?gws_rd=ssl#q=mountaintop+removal ) and the coal industry running just because the people working in those industries have absolutely no other opportunities for employment . 
  no education + no jobs = few opportunities . 
  does n't matter how rich the elites are . 
  russia and china have billionaires , too . 
  trickle-down economics is a myth . 
  or the florida of europe . 
  does hungarian also do this ? 
  how close are finnish and hungarian ? 
  it 's linguistic semantics . 
  on the other side of the semitic fence , there is a linguistic distinction between `` muslims '' and `` arabs . '', 
  arabs are an ethnicity , muslim is a religion , and although they overlap they are clearly different . 
  if an arab person is christian , jewish , or atheist , he can say that he is n't a muslim . 
  for jews there is the ethnicity and the religion and they are separate , but there is no such linguistic distinction . 
  when a jewish person becomes christian , atheist , muslim , etc. , he 's no longer jewish in the religious sense because he does n't believe in the torah , but he 'll still be considered jewish in the ethnic sense . 
  if he 's male and has children with a non-jewish female , the children will be regarded as non-jewish by jewish people , but jewish by people who dislike jews as an ethnicity . 
  ultimately the whole thing is imagination games . 
  when people are categorized according to what they believe in , the rules become nebulous and subvertible . 
  the average person changes their beliefs many times throughout their lifetime . 
  belief is malleable . 
  it is not inherited ; children are prone to rebellion , especially when placed in oppressive conditions , which religions are prone to produce . 
  in the space of a year anyone could become a christian , a muslim , a jew , a buddhist , a vegetarian , a communist , etc. , just from reading this or that piece of literature . 
  people also grow out of things . 
  every country has that . 
  i just made a comment focusing on that , but yes , i know , i 've noticed some time ago that usa and turkey are very similar . 
  we both have very progressive and liberal people in urban areas who represent about 50 % of the country but are politically overwhelmed by the other 50 % of the country who live in rural and suburban areas and take up the majority of the geographical space . 
  we 're both overrun with religious extremism , nationalist extremism and anti-intellectualism that poisons our social systems and prevents us from progressing . 
  we 're both politically isolated and have trouble getting along with europe . 
  i would include russia with america and turkey in this category and come up with some acronym for the three of us . 
  people like to know where the borders are , because it 's cool and interesting and also nice to have a sense of geographic awareness , even if it 's just between second - or third-level administrative divisions like cities , counties , states , oblasts , provinces , or their equivalents . 
  everyone , at some point in their lives , wants to jump back and forth like homer simpson going `` australia !, 
  america ! '', 
  or to look at a blade of grass growing on the edge and thinking , `` what country is that in ? '', 
  i 'm curious as to what those borders looked like before they were opened . 
  did there used to be fences there ? 
  i think it would be completely hilarious if that becomes a thing . 
  like if donald tusk becomes this mythical figure and there are yearly festivals about him , simply because his name means agony and suffering in finnish and it 's kinda metal . 
  in english it means elephant or walrus teeth . 
  christianity and islam spring from the same source and are birds of a feather . 
  fundamentalists from each group are happy to commit acts of violence and discriminate against women , and they 're quite unhappy when their kids go to school and learn about things like evolution , climate science , civil rights , history and so on . 
  yes exactly . 
  graffiti is a feature , not a bug . 
  all humans are artists and they produce art and if there are taboos in society , somebody will break those taboos . 
  a city without graffiti is a red flag of a repressed society . 
  you know where does n't have graffiti ? 
  [ north korea ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@39.0088541,125.747272,3a,75y,251.8h,94.79t/data=!3m8!1e1!3m6!1s-6ltqbtxlpky%2fvvftbqowtgi%2faaaaaaaaxdg%2fmyxkhco-bl8jlw0iks1ziyegnimpgcjuqcjkc!2e4!3e11!6s%2f%2flh4.googleusercontent.com%2f-6ltqbtxlpky%2fvvftbqowtgi%2faaaaaaaaxdg%2fmyxkhco-bl8jlw0iks1ziyegnimpgcjuqcjkc%2fw203-h100-k-no-pi-0-ya142.56685-ro-0-fo100%2f!7i9500!8i4750 ) . 
  this is my first thought as well . 
  not cia hackers specifically , but any hostile group can easily break into digital systems and do whatever they want . 
  the idea of conducting 100 % of your government affairs online , including voting , sounds very convenient but does not fill me with confidence .
