  germany , russia , spain , italy , portugal , austria , switzerland , kosovo , albania , bulgaria , croatia , belarus , ukraine - i have spoken to people from all of those countries . 
  also france . 
  not a lot of representation from anywhere north of germany . 
  scandinavian states , netherlands , finland , not so common . 
  just about all of russia is covered in street view . 
  even krasnoyarsk . 
  it 's private . 
  i assume this is about frauke petra , the extremely physically attractive representative of the far right wing in germany ? 
  when i 'm at work i like to look at european cities in streetview and dream . 
  i once spent a whole day in rotterdam and , even though it 's not as famous as the other cities , it looks like an amazing place to live . 
  how is saint petersburg ? 
  it 's true . 
  our dogs can take out european infrastructure faster than a hundred brexits . 
  we have terrific dogs , the best . 
  i , too , am fine thanks . 
  til czech is informal polish for hello . 
  what 's the longest you 've gone without uttering a single word to another human being ? 
  what 's the average ? 
  i 'm really curious ; i 've been hearing for years that northern europe has these cultures of silence and i want to understand how it works . 
  you 're right , i could have phrased that better . 
  true . 
  but spend three months in france and you 'll have a better foundation from which to develop moderate fluency than someone who has not done three years of french in school . 
  all of those who are saying you have to learn the language are just being negative , as if learning a new language is a bad thing . 
  do you have a smartphone ? 
  download duolingo and spend time on french , german , danish , and italian . 
  the best way to learn a language is immersion , but you 're on this side of the atlantic for now , so your best bet is to familiarize yourself with the basics of some of the major languages so that you 'll have a good foundation to build your fluency when you arrive in europe . 
  do n't give up , do n't let anything stop you . 
  certainly not a language barrier . 
  learning languages is fun and a great way to meet new people . 
  if i could go back in time and make my 19-year-old self study in europe , i would n't hesitate . 
  you do n't want to turn 29 and still be stuck in the same place . 
  you still have the opportunity to spend your 20s in europe . 
  if you get a good career in an eu country and stay in a member state long enough , you may even be able to apply for citizenship there . 
  a lot of those points sound exactly like the system the us has . 
  a senate , a directly-elected president , proportional representation . 
  i think the big difference between the us and the eu is not so much the structure of the organization , but the extent to which one has been completely dominated by aggressive corporate interests , and the other has remained true to its values of liberty , equality , free movement of people , etc. 
  one of the major differences between the us and europe is the architecture of the cities . 
  this seemingly insignificant difference has made a huge difference in the cultures between them . 
  automobile-dependence culture has turned the majority of us cities into desolate suburban parking lots , with extremely limited human interaction and no infrastructure for things like public transport . 
  this has created a massive cultural stagnation and decline on our side . 
  europe has suburbs , too , unfortunately , but if you look at `` middle europe , '' you will find plenty of good-quality cities - budapest , warsaw , prague - while `` middle america '' has almost no good quality cities - detroit , saint louis , little rock , each of which , if you look at them in google maps , are made of downtowns which are 80 % parking lot , immediately surrounded by the suburbs . 
  this is why us election maps look the way they do ; why new york , boston , san francisco , and seattle do in fact progress , but the rest of the country freefalls into donald trumpistan . 
  there is no infrastructure for education in those car-dependent cities . 
  there is no infrastructure for basic pedestrian-ship . 
  there is only cabin fever , house-arrest-like conditions , with long mornings and afternoons of car-arrest , followed by extreme susceptibility to alternative facts and fake news and fear of everyone in every direction . 
  if america had not become so suburban over the 20th century , we would have progressed with the rest of the first world . 
  if you look at the uk in google maps , you 'll see enormous suburbs just like in america . 
  the uk 's `` housing crisis '' is simply a situation in which there are too many suburbs and not enough londons . 
  all the major brexit strongholds were suburban cities , while walkable cities like london and bath voted remain . 
  this is no coincidence . 
  marine le pen 's support comes from `` a ring north and east of paris '' - look in google maps : suburbs . 
  suburbanization leads to isolation which leads to disenfranchisement which leads to populism . 
  the way your cities look , matters for your future . 
  even though the us is just one country with no internal borders , there is very limited free movement of people here , because there is no public transport , few trains , and nowhere outside of the major northeastern and northwestern cities that are really worth seeing . 
  nobody is going to get in their car and spend $ 700 they do n't have in gasoline to go and see the parking lots of omaha , nebraska . 
  i think the school systems across europe should train students to be polyglots , to have a decent level of fluency in a minimum of four languages . 
  that way most everybody will have at least one common language with everybody else , even if it 's not english . 
  it 's mentally healthy , and not any more difficult than learning programming languages , which are also somewhat necessary for students to learn . 
  i hope so , someday . 
  thank you . 
  there is a zero percent chance they 'll run warren , unless she beats 15 other candidates in a clown car primary . 
  if it 's warren vs. clinton , for example , the dnc will just sabotage the campaign again . 
  i just wish somebody would pay me for it . 
  i think it would be stupid to assume he wo n't attack the baltic states . 
  even if he does n't , it 's good to keep the baltics defended . 
  what if 2018 comes around and russia elects someone even more hardline than putin ? 
  maybe the next guy will decide to attack the baltics . 
  the eu should have its own army , in my opinion . 
  nah , that was n't my intention . 
  sometimes i like to make alternative facts . 
  i voted for clinton , too . 
  it was n't easy . 
  i felt personally responsible for the wars she wanted to escalate . 
   i just wonder if the democratic national committee has learned from this or will they continue to stay the course ? 
  they learned absolutely nothing . 
  look at all the posturing they did after the election . 
  they had blame for everybody but themselves . 
  they blamed vladimir putin , they blamed the fbi . 
  they did n't have a word to say about clinton . 
  she has not accepted responsibility for her failure . 
  i would n't be surprised if the democrats try to run clinton again in 2020 . 
  if they do , they 'll lose to trump again . 
  the democrats need a clown car , the next election . 
  that should be their strategy . 
  the republican establishment had attempted to block trump in exactly the same way that the democratic establishment had blocked sanders . 
  trump was able to float to the top and get the republican nomination because there was a roomful of republican candidates , which made cheating by the republicans a lot more difficult . 
  on the democrat side , it was essentially sanders against the establishment , so the establishment were able to tweak the system pretty easily to get the results they wanted . 
  if there were 16 democrats running against one another in the primary , it would have been far more difficult for them to cheat . 
  2016 was the first year that social media really determined the course of an american election . 
  the democrat and republican establishment have both been unpalatable to the american people for decades , but there was nothing anybody could do while cnn and fox news had 100 % control of all mass communications . 
  that 's why we saw anti-establishment candidates come out on both sides . 
  * it was their time . 
  * the democrats were able to block their anti-establishment candidate , while the republican one slipped through like a sperm . 
  that is why the democrats lost . 
  because they were unwilling to let go of old ways in a new world . 
  that 's exactly right . 
  people who are blaming the american public on clinton 's loss are missing the point . 
  it was clinton 's responsibility as a candidate to convince america to vote for her . 
  it 's not america 's responsibility to vote for clinton . 
  if you study the arabic and italian languages , you will notice a lot of bizarre similarities .
