  i can see how english might lose importance in the european union , since they only have one english country left ( two if you count malta ) . 
  but even within europe everyone mostly uses english for international communication , i think . 
  maybe french or german could replace it , but that seems unlikely . 
  i love the name of the bar . 
  thanks for assuming i 'm going to produce children . 
  according to the video it 's freezing there . 
  this does n't surprise me . 
  people from hot climates love cold weather much more than people from cold climates love hot weather . 
  hey its me eur council, 
  i work forty hours a week and earn slightly above minimum wage . 
  i ca n't eat seven days a week and i would be homeless now if it were n't for family support . 
  `` do n't want to '', 
  that 's the unemployment that 's counted . 
  go to your local downtown and you 'll see hoards of people who definitely do n't have jobs . 
  once you lose your house and your validity , you 're excluded from statistics . 
  i hope nobody gives you the same attitude when unemployment comes for you . 
  and redo their whole urban planning system to replace the suburbia and end the housing crisis . 
  actually this is true , this is why wars were started to keep the petrodollar in place . 
  i know more unemployed than employed people . 
  but those are the only two cities with public transport . 
  i 'm exaggerating , of course - include boston , and then you have 100 % of the cities with public transport . 
  * due to gross industrial negligence caused by deregulation *, 
  beautiful architecture . 
  how old are these buildings ? 
  if i were to improve this neighborhood , i 'd add trees , benches , and balconies . 
  there 's no such thing as a demographic apocalypse , that 's just fearmongering . 
  populations ca n't grow and grow , they have to wax and wane . 
  90 % of these problems sound like car problems . 
  i intend to move to europe , and one of the major reasons i want to move there is so that i never have to depend on a car again ; i want to live in a walkable city with public transport . 
  i think everyone likes the weather they do n't have . 
  i 'm from miami and i love snow and mountains , and when i finally move out of here i 'll see `` very few days of sunlight per year '' as an attraction . 
  i talk to a lot of people from russia and northern europe through a language learning app , and people from there have such a disdain for exactly the type of weather i find most beautiful . 
  it 's an argument for free movement of people . 
  if we lived in a world that had global free movement , i think a lot of russians would move to africa , and a lot of people from africa or miami or mexico would settle in the center of siberia . 
  appreciate it while it lasts . 
  why do n't you just move to a hot place ? 
  i personally would n't wish hot weather even on my enemies , but i think you need to experience it for a few years . 
  not two weeks . 
  several years . 
  i , too , love the snow . 
  somebody should splice the two speeches together creatively in a short video and distribute it on social media . 
  rednecks voted for him too . 
  they get their news and information exclusively from heavily biased and televised right-wing media sources . 
  rt = russian fox news . 
  then what is it in ? 
  economics ? 
  ethnicity does not equal religion . 
  just because you 're born with a blood type does n't mean you believe this or that . 
  edit : downvoting without a counterargument is a good way to prove your point . 
  no , i think you 're misinterpreting what i 'm saying . 
  i do not want france to leave the eu , and obviously there will be serious political and economic consequences for all of europe and therefore the world if france does leave . 
  however , the election is n't over . 
  france leaving the eu is still a real possibility . 
  i disagree with all the people who say the eu will be finished without france ; these people are undermining the strength of the eu , its successes , and its resilience . 
  yes , frexit would be a catastrophe , but the eu will survive and will likely remain strong . 
   the very idea of the ue is originaly french , and most french people loves it to the core . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're arguing that france wo n't leave the eu , or if that the eu wo n't fall apart without france . 
  if it 's the first point , we have to wait until sunday to see who wins . 
  maybe le pen will hold a referendum and lose . 
  who knows ; time will tell . 
  my point was the latter , however . 
  if france leaves the eu , all the other countries are not going to give up on the project . 
  portugal is n't going to say , `` oh , france left , time for us to give up too . '', 
  denmark , sweden , netherlands , ireland , all these countries are not going to sever decades of progress because france is gone . 
  opposition to putin does not exist . 
  russia is a one party state . 
  all other parties are irrelevant . 
  those commieblocks would be tremendously improved with : - balconies - stores and restaurants on the ground level - more trees, 
  the eu will still be 26 members strong . 
  countries like spain , germany , czech republic , austria , they are n't going anywhere . 
  there will still be free movement of people , there will still be the euro . 
  the european union will suck without france , but it wo n't fall apart . 
  enlighten us please ? 
  i would like a better understanding of the hungary situation . 
  imagine how shitty it would have been if turkey had descended into dictatorship * after * they joined the eu . 
  although then it would be easier for moderate turks to escape . 
  * where it dies immediately in harsh polish winter *, 
  when does the media ever focus on the relevant part of the quote ? 
  in order to keep its internal borders open , the european union needs to strengthen its external borders . 
  otherwise there will be more mass migration , more terrorism , and more people will vote for far-right candidates , as you say . 
  she also banned him from his own party like a fascist reddit mod . 
  google david horsey . 
  there was a post about this in / r/mapporn . 
  syphilis was named after everybody 's neighbor . 
  it 's free to study in germany , you just need to know german . 
  what do you want to study ? 
  you can google universities in germany and see what the application process is like . 
  you can go to university in germany for free . 
  i wish i knew german . 
  but then it would n't matter . 
  which age range do you prefer ? 
  he 's like 30 . 
  le pon pon pon, 
  it would give russia more power to liberate ukrainians . 
  this is theresa may saying , `` fuck this shit , i 'm out of here , let 's see if you can do a better job and put your money where your mouth is . '', 
  yup . 
  it 's politics , not hard science . 
  a huge amount of this is just made up as it goes along . 
  it has n't really ended . 
  how is the public transport ?
