  trump hates obama 's policies and wants to dismantle the former president 's legacy . 
  the republicans spent eight years doing everything they could to make sure obama could get nothing done , even when they theoretically should have been on the same side . 
  trump is against renewable energy , likes coal and oil , is in favor of pipelines cutting underneath major rivers , is against any kind of regulation that would keep aquifers clean , and thinks he can make america manufacturing again . 
  republicans would never oppose any of that . 
  trump 's win is a huge republican victory . 
  a republican wet dream . 
  russia needs turkey though . 
  nobody has the clout to piss off erdogan because he can cut off the black sea . 
  if your cat tries to subvert the democratic process in a presidential election , then yes , maybe . 
  corrupt russia and corrupt clinton are not mutually exclusive . 
  laughable for thinking people . 
  that 's not who these ads are targeting . 
  how is the education system in france ? 
  in a lot of us states , the education is terrible . 
  that 's why misinformation campaigns , fake news , and `` alternative facts '' have had so much success here . 
  i think she looks like she 's from nizhny novogorod . 
  i 'm also in the just-finding-out-what-keine-bremsen-means boat . 
  this is great , i love this meme . 
  hey buddy :d, 
  how did you get a screenshot of the entire length of the bbc 's homepage ? 
  anyway it is on the front page of their europe section . 
  i agree 100 % , and i want to see europe do those things . 
  but how can they do it when the eu has so much internal opposition ? 
  what do you suggest europe do ? 
  so `` financial problems '' are the reason why american students ca n't afford $ 100,000 to go to university ? 
  because my family is middle class and they ca n't afford that . 
  also :  lots of students that had aspirations for university are basically told they 're too eccentric and/or too stupid to be worthy of government funded education . 
  yeah , i 'm going to need a source on that . 
  why would germany educate tons of foreigners for free while not educating their own population , and then complain of things like `` underpopulation '' and `` underemployment '' and `` labor shortages ? '', 
  i 'm not sure what us you 're living in , but tuitions have skyrocketed while salaries have stayed the same or decreased relative to inflation , and unemployment rises . 
  most people i know are working service jobs because they could n't afford to go to college . 
  in the us , the average person does not have access to university education . 
  in europe they do . 
  google `` marshall plan . '', 
  trump is the first us president ever who is anti-eu and anti-nato . 
  trump dislikes the eu because they are a regulatory body and they protect people from exploitation by hungry businessmen such as trump . 
  he said this openly during his meeting with theresa may last week . 
  he said that he dislikes the eu because they `` would n't give him their approval '' to do something or other . 
  this is the same trump who wants scotland to dismantle their progress in clean energy because he can see it from his golf course . 
  trump hates regulation because he represents the worst of the worst of big business . 
  some of his first orders of business in the united states are to dismantle regulation , dismantle the epa , and get rid of the clean water act . 
  he did n't even bother to keep this a secret - it was included in his campaign promises . 
  the european union is there to protect the environment and protect workers . 
  europe itself is a light year and a half more progressive than the us in terms of accessibility of health care , education , environmental protection , and public transport . 
  these things are trump 's enemies . 
  trump wants the european union gone because a weak europe would be easier for him to screw over . 
  the previous us administration was very pro-european union . 
  do n't forget obama took a lot of shit when he personally asked the british not to do a brexit . 
  huh . 
  okay , i accept that . 
  how am i an imperialist bastard for being suspicious of russia when they 're clearly engaging in expansionist behavior at the expense of their vulnerable neighbors ? 
  and if you 're going to do an ad-homenim attack on me for being an imperialist , i can see that you are from the united kingdom . 
  the only reason you have even a chance of surviving brexit is because of all the riches you collected during that long period of sunset-free empire you had . 
  * special relationship * . 
  how are you going to blame me for a decision bill clinton made twenty years ago ? 
  and furthermore , the serbs were openly committing genocide on the ethnic albanians during that time . 
  if they had n't been committing such gross and massive violations of human rights , there never would have been a war and they never would have lost kosovo in the first place . 
  how is kosovo leaving serbia any more `` illegal '' than any of the rest of the breakup of yugoslavia that occurred at the same time ? 
  you 're canadian , but bizarro canadian . 
  their cold is your heat , their moose are your kangaroos , their maple syrup is your alcoholic beverages , their proximity to the arctic is your proximity to the middle earth islands of new zealand . 
  i came to the comment section hoping for a serious analysis on the likelihood of australia achieving eu membership . 
  yup . 
  it 's impossible to be a non-military power , and exist . 
  the history of the maori people of new zealand illustrate this point . 
  those who did n't want to participate in war would move to other parts of the island to try and set up a better society , only to get overtaken by warmongering assholes . 
  we do not yet live in a world free of warmongering assholes . 
  the european union can not depend on the united states military forever , especially considering that trump , even if he were to support nato , is going to crash the country into the ground . 
  europe needs to be independent , and part of that independence is having a military . 
  i disagree with what that guy is saying . 
  if le pen wins and takes france out of the eu , your first responsibility is to yourself . 
  your opportunity to get an education , live , and work within the eu will be compromised . 
  as an american , i 'm facing a similar set of problems . 
  it 's not my responsibility to subvert the democratic process in my country or try and change the course the us wants to be headed in . 
  i can not fix the problems in my country . 
  i tried . 
  there is a wall of stupidity blocking any positive changes , and the american people have shown they are not interested in change when they elected trump . 
  plus the fact that suburbanization here has made most of the country unlivable . 
  migration is a part of the human experience . 
  we have always migrated . 
  only when agriculture spread around the world - during the last 1/20th of human history - did our societies become stagnant . 
  people move to other countries searching for a better quality of life . 
  there is nothing wrong with that . 
  anyone who tells you that you must spend your entire life in a particular place because you were born there , is an asshole . 
  the founders of the european union understood this , which is why they pushed for * free movement of people . 
  * because a person 's nationality or birth location should not determine where they spend their entire lives . 
  if le pen wins and takes france out of europe , the french people will lose the opportunity to live and work where they choose . 
  it 's not your responsibility to sacrifice your freedom because the majority in your country made a poor decision . 
  trump would like to break up the european union because they blocked him from screwing someone over . 
  he said this himself during his conference with theresa may . 
  tell that to ukraine and the baltic states . 
  and georgia . 
   we had that knowledge the average person lacks the basic knowledge that `` humanity '' has , especially in a society with poor education systems . 
  if we all had the knowledge we `` should '' have by now , this world would look completely different . 
  even with the internet , the vast majority of people do n't know anything about anything . 
  why would somebody prefer to go to the us or australia than germany ? 
  germany has a higher standard of living than both of those places . 
  so do denmark , sweden , finland , and many of the other member states . 
  doctors and engineers are highly-demanded professionals everywhere , much more so than people with liberal arts degrees . 
  just like in all countries . 
  but countries with high youth unemployment are the ones who 's citizens gain the most from eu membership , because they can go work in other member states .
