  but being drunk is totally haram !!!, 
  switzerland has one of the highest immigrant rates and has had so for a long time , since they used poor labor for works deemed too shitty for average swiss . 
  its really interesting talking with swiss people about this , espeically ones that have a heavy swiss dialect , but a last name that is from eastern europe , especially when you have the svp , a political party that is pretty damn close to xenophobia and wants to shut the borders and throw a lot of immigrants out , but ignores that switzerland actually preferred to have em , as long as they were only on the sides of society . 
  agreed , especially in the far north german areas it is easy to see the higher amount of blondes , yet the line ends exactly at the borders . 
  also , what happened to the telegraph ? 
  used to find it ok and a nice counter source vs the guardian , but since a few years it really feels like it is turning more and more into a tabloid . 
  guardian seems to be the only newspaper that tries to be more sophisticated, 
  guys , lets calm down about this for one second . 
  war brings out the worst of all people , and i do n't think that an argument war , about which side was right to do what , or which side was less evil , will do any good for anything . 
  2 questions is that a burnt human body on the side of the road ? 
  and was that a dog head upon a human body in the one picture of the dead soldiers ? 
  from a guardian article  he cited as evidence for his claim that `` columbus mentioned the existence of a mosque on a hill on the cuban coast '' . 
  so no muslim names or anything of this monumental achievement 3 centuries before columbus . 
  just some iffy text interpretation, 
  whoops , thats what i get for trusting the guardian, 
  does n't exist anymore , was changed . 
  rip :(, 
  rather than writing a pointless 3 world long reply , please explain why you think his comment is wrong, 
  dude , did n't you listen to erdogan ? 
  totally was the muslims, 
  just out of interest , did the guys trying to jump the fence make it ? 
  they seem to be almost over , yet there seems to be guards next to them . 
  when do thes successfully make it ? 
  once they touch soil ? 
  or do the guards just round em up and ship em outside the gate again ? 
  well do n't you guys say it to firefighters too ? 
  ah did n't know this , thanks for clarifying, 
  i am half austrian and its kinda the same here . 
  the president is also the commander of the army , de jure of course , while the chancellor has little say . 
  de facto the power lies with the chancellor ofcourse, 
  i never got these comments . . its not like they were forced in anyway to become a soldier/policeman etc. 
  i do n't thank the mailman or the doctor in that way , why then the guys in uniforms ? 
  just out of interest how is the german minority viewed in romania ? 
  i red up a bit on wiki after reading through this topic , and i was surprised to see a german minority party ( that represents 2 % of the population of a specific region ) gaining so much traction and popularity in sibiu , so much even that he was made president . 
  also , why did he become president if he could have become prime minister ? 
  surely with his ratings he could have gotten the more powerful position ? 
  so the prime minister is the position with the most power ? 
  would he have a change of being able to get that position if he so desired ? 
  at this point , can we call anything that comes from these stations `` news '' ? 
  should n't they just all be called pravda ? 
  eh ts is dead and gone, 
  respected ??? 
  i am half austrian and live in vienna , outside of their voters , they are seen as the most horrendous party in our country . 
  very disappointed in the results overall . 
  did not expect hofer to get such a strong result . 
  hopefully he wo n't win the second round . 
  as someone who is very critical about the recent migrant crisis , i am in shock how many people are ready to turn towards far right wing groups immediately ( and yes he is far right , just read a bit about him if you are interested ) edit : why the downvote ? 
  because i am ready to vote against a guy that has some policies that i agree with but a worldview that i find horrible so i would never give him my vote ? 
  really ? 
  you want to see the connection between him and far right ? 
  yes in the future , right now it is too far away for a lot of reasons lined out in this thread . 
  but there is no reason to exclude a european country from the european project , once it meets the requirements, 
  read the article people !, 
  they are n't being fighter pilots :p they are being trained with skills to help rebuild syria !, 
  thats a good thing !, 
  thought so !, 
  chosokabe first playthrough really helped with the smaller islands in the west, 
  msnbc : senior us military source tells nbc news that erdogan , refused landing rights in istanbul , is reported to be seeking asylum in germany . 
  i ca n't tell you anything else , i agree with you seems weird . 
  but everything is so chaotic now , ca n't tell what is true . 
  only reporting what the news agencies are saying, 
  no , his plane supposedly was n't allowed to land in istanbul , according to nbc, 
  https://twitter.com/tancredipalmeri/status/754066848078000128?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw erdogan , suppossedly , asks for asylum from germany, 
  becaause its their country ??? 
  why is it france 's duty to keep their poor from starving and being exploited ? 
  35 dollars for one way ? 
  holy shit thats expensive, 
  to add to this , in almost every national election , the greens tend to get one extra mandate from the mail votes . 
  i heavily expect these votes to be in vdb favor, 
   in previous generations , there was agricultural work to do in the villages , according to djibiribou balde , the village chief of sare bakary . 
  now , he says , prices are so low that it does n't make financial sense to farm cash crops -- and in any case , with land degradation and less rainfall as a result of climate change , farming is difficult . 
  this is one of the areas were the eu could instantly improve the situation . 
  we destroy any local farming economy by just dumping all our goods onto africa . 
  if we could support african agriculture i would suspect a lot less people would leave, 
  i like it d : i find it to have a very distinct look and is quite enjoyable to view, 
  man , why you do this . 
  i wanted to be filled with hatred and be angry !, 
  now i need to go to / r/worldnews to find a reason why western civilization is falling :(, 
  wut , this is my position that i have stated multiple times at a university where my masters program is definitely left ( in case you care , i am studying at the wu in vienna , economics . 
  during the last election we only had left candidates because all the other parties tend to ignore the economics program ) . 
  i have openly discussed that i believe we should not allow certain groups , like afghans entrance into europe . 
  there have been zero issues . 
  please stop trying to push your agenda here . 
  you are talking about nothing else and making shit up as you go along . 
  you are nothing more then a xenophobic dude that is helping making this topic impossible to be held at a rational , objective level, 
  i am also against illegal immigration . 
  but i would never want to associate with these guys , they are straight up right wing extremist period . 
  think it would be the avenue des champs-\u00c9lys\u00e9es, 
  yeah , i made a stupid joke , apologies for it . 
  ofc the british are not close to the trump voters , and you had fair reasons to dislike the eu and vote against it . 
  good point !, 
  we should exclude the scots from the british stereotypes, 
  we see more and more of europe becoming part of eu or wanting to do so . 
  besides belarus and ukraine ( which will probably nato in a year and the eu in a decade ) most of europe is in the eu or in its sphere of influence . 
  even in the caucasus region more and more countries want to align with europe , and russia can only keep countries in its grasp by pure bullying . 
  i am wondering , is this land grab in ukraine a last desperate attempt to get as much as possible before they lose all the nations to europe ? 
  even if the eu is n't seen too positive , besides serbia i think all other eastern/southeastern nations are happy and wanting to be part of europe rather than align closer to russia . 
  if you compare germany 's standings in eastern countries vs russia 's , you can clearly see germany being far more popular , even though both countries cause east europe enough trouble over the last 70 years or so . 
  and once the border of the eu/nato is right up to the border of belarus and russia , how will this change the interaction with russia and russia 's interaction with europe ? 
  ( i know highly hypothetical , still interesting imo ),
