that is only true for a very narrow time period . 
  for a long time , jews were n't collectively seen as a wealthy people , certain individuals certainly have been wealthy . 
  the jews being portrayed as thieves and taking germany 's money for themselves came much later , and went full circlejerk after wwi, 
  actually , historically seen incorrect . 
  one of the main reasons jews and roma/sintis have been targeted for centuries in europe comes from the fact that they preferred to segragate themselves and not integrate/assimilate into the countries they live in . 
  ironically , these are some of the same problems with have with certain immigrant groups today . 
  it was also pretty easy to know where the jews lived , since they either lived in the same area , or were forced to do so . 
  first sentence of the wikipedia page :  a ghetto is a part of a city in which members of a minority group live , especially because of social , legal , or economic pressure . 
  [ 1 ] the term was originally used in venice to describe the part of the city to which jews were restricted and segregated . 
  ironically , this did help the jews sometimes , such as when the black plague hit europe . 
  up until the 60 's jewish deicide was part of the catholic doctrine , and was only repealed at the second vatican council ( deicide is the belief that the jews were responsible for the crucifixion of christ ) antisemitism , did n't magically disappear after wwii , and it was n't only in germany , it was almost everywhere in europe ( probably the least in scandinavia , props to the hat countries ) poland for example , probably was one of the countries that suffered the most from wwii at the hands of germany . 
  after the russians liberated/occupied it for themselves ( do n't want to get in a discussion about that , not quite sure how polish see the red army entering poland especially cause of the partitioning years before and the warsaw uprising ) 500 jews that were released from a kz were killed by a polish mob . 
  ( probably just coincidence that poland also is/was one of the most devout catholic countries ) so no , jews have a history of not blending in too well , which is one of the major reasons they were treated so extremely poorly in europe for a millennium . 
  and now we see certain similarities with muslim immigrants . 
  but its different right ? 
  on the contrary , its the basic of definition of history , you would just prefer to limit history on this matter to about 115 years, 
  and probably even before that, 
  as was weraing your hair open and not having it coverd ( mind you in europe ! ), 
  typical shaming behavior , especially when it comes to sexuality, 
  meh , enough africans , native americans and tribes in various asian countries have been doing that for centuries and have had significantly higher sun intake and their tits are still fine, 
  zlatans goal vs england was a bit nicer imo , that shit was insane, 
  should have said from the middle ages to the napoleonic times ... 
  man this really needs a bit more information than just 2 random pics, 
  serious question , how can you be so stupid to not even get this half done right ? 
  why are many countries multishaded , but germany uk and france only have one ? 
  not completely . 
  it only had about 1/3 of the industry and not many resources . 
  it was the cultural and political center and had the most wealth overall probably , but i think it is unfair to say that it solely was the heart, 
  think both of you need to calm down a bit, 
  talking to people like you probably makes that happen, 
  while your overall statement that you just wrote is right , you brought up a man that was freed from the claims against him , your dudes were convicted or died before . 
  you are backpedaling now, 
  you would probably be arrested for torture here if you fed that kids, 
  you are really weird, 
  over a union that spans what ? 
  500 million people ? 
  never argue with an idiot . 
  he will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience, 
  care to explain for ppl out of the loop ? 
  dey want 2 dustopy our society bruh, 
  well this thread went to shit, 
  most upvoted comment in the telegraph 's comment section : `` i 'm irish and i voted no , precisely for the reasons you outlined above . 
  blatant manipulation by liberal media . 
  ireland is dead . 
  next up abortion on demand . '', 
  always read these papers when something like this happens , comments are pure comedy gold :d surprisingly , daily mail had very positive reactions towards these results . 
  yes it is , since it releases funds that were tied up in conscription . 
  honestly , the only reason conscription was kept so long was not because of its extra military gain , but because of civil service , zivildienst . 
  eu laws do not allow slavery or forced labor under any circumstances , except conscription . 
  thats why civil service was always under the military branch , since it was an alternative option to military duty . 
  its why in the recent vote a few years ago here in austria , people voted for keeping conscription ( thanks old people ! ), 
  not cause of the grand austrian army that is incapable in almost every way possible , but because of zivildiener and the fear of the loss of the service we provide ( d ) . 
  the idea of conscription is outdated and imo its better to focus on a smaller but highly more capable army than a crapy 9 month training based one . 
  that was beautiful , 
  why does every thread involving the balkan nations , especially bosnia , serbia and kosovo always end up as a shit fest ? 
  o muh lenin they are gon na occupy us !, 
  comrade st-putin save us !, 
  just out of interest do you consider georgia part of europe ? 
  about the flag : no , good point  so c wants to remove the basque privileges because of the succession war over 300 years ago ? 
  did you state that correctly ? 
  that just seems obscenely stupid . 
  so everyone is getting a bit edgy of a possible new unionist party rising up and taking away not only votes from the traditional powerhouse parties , but also some votes in the regions that have secessionist movements ? 
  why are some people getting a bit aggressive over this ? 
  its just a forecast , about a left party losing 7 % . 
  why are we talking now about the catalans and basque suddenly in the comments ? 
  could someone explain that to me ? 
  does n't mean anything, 
  thats not the point , i actually do n't enjoy most shows for example , i am jsut more interested how much exposure he has to our culture . 
  if he consumes a lot of it , he will of course have a favorable bias towards it , just as someone that does n't consume too much may have a somewhat more unfavorable bias towards our culture . 
  how much interaction do you have with western people on cod ? 
  i am not familar with the game , but i do n't think it has dedicated servers to region , so you do n't only play with arabic speaking people correct ? 
  do you like to play games or watch tv shows , animes , books etc. ? 
  if yes , how much exposure do you have to western culture ? 
  and have there been rising influences from other cultures ? 
  not necessarily just more radical islamic influence , but what about african or chinese ? 
  north africa has issues with immigrants themselves , are n't they expected to integrate themselves into your society ? 
  ayyy, 
  `` mrs white said she opposes feminism `` with all her might '' , and says it is to blame for the recession . '', 
  if reddit held elections , she would be in the top 3, 
  we need these threads more often . 
  the comments are pure gold :d, 
  i think it is actually gray , so either no data or rather what i am guessing , is that the unemployment is very low in that area . 
  this is why using such sensationalist terms such as `` losers '' or `` winners '' really really sucks in the media . 
  yes they lost the election , but they got a lot from that loss , so saying as if they were the losers is a pretty big stretch . 
  put it this way : both brazil and costa rica lost in the 2014 world cup . 
  but their losses were not the same . 
  brazil 's loss was a major blow to the nation and pretty much a definition of an absolute loss . 
  costa rica also went out , however they had an amazing world cup and can really see themselves as a winner when you look at what they acheived the same applies here : the snp did n't get their full indpeendence . 
  but they got major concessions from london , their membership tripled at the time and overall it was clear they were going to dominate scottish elections even more . 
  there was , if i remember correctely , a single poll that put the pro independence infront of the cons . 
  that was the one that spurred all the guys form london to head north . 
  all the other polls put them behind , so it was clear that it was an unlikely result from the get go . 
  when you consider that , overall they did lose the independence vote , but they were far from losers . 
  those crimean tartars ... got ta feel so fucking bad for them, 
  i actually did n't put it there first , and then thought it may have been smarter , because some people may have thought i was serious . 
  yep , it is sad :(, 
  but those were n't real frenchmen of course !, 
  and how do you determine or enforce the benelovance part of the dictatorship ? 
  its the same thing , when british people are asked who they would prefer to be king : your opinion is irrelevant , since it is a dictatorship and part of that definition is , your opinion does not matter, 
  catalonia is an autonomous region within the kingdom of spain since the vote of 1979 , so i would think so,
