  now that you pointed this out , this seems like the best option available, 
  gibralater has a few choices : a ) remain with uk and if they leave , then you do too and if they want to stay in the eu and uk decides to leave it b ) become independent ( probably the most unlikliest of all ) c ) become an autonomous region in spain, 
  head over to r/polandball , all credit to them :d, 
  was perfect plan !, 
  no , fight over little clay so germoney can sell you gute weapons !, 
  you mean the ending , right ? 
  the vice-chancellor refused to call wurst a `` she '' got some funny responses , 
  meh look at how \u00d6vp delt with wurst winning the eurovision . 
  was hilarious how problematic it was for them, 
  why should the us care about more successful exporter countries ? 
  they have been running on a debt since ages and overall they have done pretty well with it . 
  its one of the reasons actually the us was able to pull out of the crisis easier than europe was . 
  reparations are done and settled no but the forced loan should be paid back, 
  nah , the us is far from it and do n't care about that . 
  its a fair point overall . 
  especially germany , we need to focus somewhat more on developing our economy internally and not over focusing on exports . 
  austria , is ok . 
  very tolerant and open in general ( look at our winner of the eurovision song context xd ) and we have the lifeball and generally quite supporitve but they ca n't marry and ca n't have kids , yet . 
  \u00d6vp ( conservatives ) holding this development back cause their mentality is still stuck in the 50s and they only care about how to make monez and unfortunately the sp\u00d6 ( social democrats ) have been castrated since the beginning of mankind and thus ca n't get shit done . 
  hopefully with rising greens and neos ( liberals ) this can get done , but fp\u00d6 ( radical rights , equivalent to ukip or le pen ) probably want to stop this and save the christian family ( no joke ) germany is looking better overall politcally-wise and i hope it will be passed . 
  i like merkel , but this is one of the spots that wo n't advance under her , not cause of any political reasons , but it just is n't important enough to be worthy of any discussion . 
  ( also csu might get angry , even though their state capital was the gay center of germany before the unification ) both countries are just 1 step under full legal acception of same sex marriage and allowing them to have kids . 
  they have a partnership and can have kids , if they had them from a previous relationship , so overall there is n't a problem with homosexuals raising kids , its more about the having process thats not as advanced in my 2 countries, 
  usa got you covered , the people wanted to build the death star :d, 
  of course not , also know about the welsh too , but i doubt we have many if any of those here , 
  think new york may be more `` culturally '' your capital maybe ? 
  basically 1945-1948 money does n't work , everything else does, 
  germany promised to allow exchange of dm for pretty much forever, 
  read it , it has some valid points . 
  however , i would like to remind everyone , just because we have a big trade surplus , does n't mean we have a big budget surplus , in fact we have a very small one . 
  meh no need to shame tbh . 
  i like the eu , but should i somehow get mad at you or your country for disliking the eu ? 
  there are far better reasons for getting mad at you / s :d, 
  first reaction was a quite laugh cause of your sentence . 
  then i became very sad very quickly :(, 
  so , its not meant to go against russia or any forces supplied by russia ? 
  i highly doubt even 1 % of that minority falls under anything close to crazy . 
  in my country , if you line up all the crazies from the foreigners , leftist , rightist , the foreigners take a clear 3rd spot . 
  the other 2 are way ahead when you consider serious shit happening, 
  oh , did n't know it actually still had practical use, 
  thats rather cool , hope you will store it well !, 
  we have 2 documents signed by hitler , which my great grand father got ( nothing exciting , basically worked at the train station for 50 years , 48 under habsburg/austrian rule , 2 under german ) and 2 old mein kampf ( no havent read it yet , but you got to keep these little historical pieces alive . 
  history is so much more valuable than people think it is , if it s n't for some nationalistic purpose ), 
  go away russian u not glorious european gib back ukrainian clay , russia worse than jesus, 
  i actually think quite highly of him , but he is n't a saint , like bismarck or churchill . 
  he falls into the same category , your response kind of proves that , when you go through the other posts , 
  kind of like atat\u00fcrk ? 
  ofc not , this is german lands , not french !, 
  good to see that you already started the trolling ^ ^ ^ ^, 
  noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, 
  of course not and i was n't pointing out the poles being the dicks , sorry if it came across like that . 
  it was just that in those discussions , shit went down . 
  which in the european-centric history is the only one we are currently discussing . 
  seriously , stop deviating from the discussion all the time to nit pick about definitions . 
  we are not talking about the colonization by nations outside of the european sphere , because that is not part of the subject . 
  ignore him , he is a trolling polish dude , with little knowledge about pretty much anything, 
  by that , any reign over any people different from the ruling ethnicity is colonialism , which is a terrible definition the one i was using , and pretty much everyone seems to undertsand is being used is this one '' ( ... ) the term ` colonialism ' to describe the process of european settlement and political control over the rest of the world , including americas , australia , and parts of africa and asia . '', 
  again , poland was n't a colony . 
  dunno why you poles think that . 
  meh , was talking about real colonies , not the eastern parts that was supposed to be germanised, 
  he did n't even want any wars post unification , and didnt care about colonies . 
  stupid war leaders wanted to put germany though in the place they saw it deserved ( `` place at the sun '' ), 
  its doubtful anyways that we will see a pearl harbor or midway style of battle . 
  these ships on both sides are too cost intensive to risk them to be lost . 
  which could lead to the ironic situation that an arms race makes a war more unlikely , because we would lose our shiny toys and they are expensive :d, 
  meh , the telegraph has seriously gone to shit over the last few years and is becoming more and more tabloid like . 
  ukip is basically on the far left, 
  could you two either get a room or take it out on another sub please ? 
  they had more than everything the germans had except airplanes , combined with britian and poland they had more of everything however , when you have an old , outdated military doctrine and average generals compared to your opponent , than the military might does get hampered a bit also i wonder how much of the military equipment was locked down in the front lines at the border to germany and thus completely useless when the invasion came from the north, 
  am a bit late , but the comments so far are actually overall very well mannered, 
  that sucks hard for him overall most asylum seekers are pretty honest and hard working people . 
  it can be frustrating to deal with a lot of paper work , bureaucracy and other barriers , but overall i think people like to exaggerate the `` problems '' with asylum seekers, 
  have n't you ever read reddit properly ??? 
  they are ruining germany !, 
  germany has always been pure aryan as seen by all those war documentaries and never in its history had immigration into it ( see polish immigration in the 1800s , especially into the far west of germany never happened ! ), 
  foreigners are always bad , smelly and want to rape children !, 
  they never do any good / s in all honesty , i agree . 
  surprised to see this comment not being downvoted into oblivion . 
  it feels like reddit has a hard time dealing with immigration and its diversity and complexity and thus just likes to say `` its all bad '', 
  well this thread went to shit quickly, 
  because they dared join the chinese in creating a bank that may act to a counter balance to the dominate american worldbank and japanese bank adb ?? 
  some backstabbing , jeez forgot we are colonies of the usa and had to ask permission first, 
  7 and 8 years old . 
  hope they are n't girls or they will soon be ready for some sexy time with mohammeds, 
  still is n't a few hundred km , which he was pointing out , 
  maybe you should n't read fox news then if you hear of weekly muslim terrorist attacks in europe, 
  both sides are quite few in numbers when taking into account the total of anti-pegida demonstrators or peaceful muslims in germany, 
  agree , one reason you do n't see too many problems with immigrants in germany ( there are problems as there are everywhere , but look at france and the uk , they are having so much more issues with integration and marginalization of ethnic/religious groups ) is how well integrated everyone is overall . 
  think this country is a good example of how immigration can be positive , 
  exactly !, 
  this is why r/europe is so much nicer than r/worldnews or any other subreddit that deals with an international community . 
  maybe except for polandball , nothing beats em :p, 
  you blame hefeweizen ?? 
  thats it mister !, 
  no eu for you !, 
  one of the lovely reasons why its awesome to have turkish immigrants . 
  that and the food !, 
  really ??? 
  can you two love birds take this shit to another sub ? 
  heard worldnews is striaght up your alley,
