  the german part is only one small city though and a lot of nature, 
  south : conservatives with a funny accent , very comparable to texas in us and bayern in germany ( also both in south ) west : bankers , assholes , everyone wears suits despite traveling solely on bikes east/north : farmers , farmers everywhere , teen alcoholism , very religious . 
  numbers are n't the problem , it 's the culture they bring with them . 
  latin american culture is still in many ways similar to northern american culture because the core beliefs are both based on the same religion . 
  and because the us is n't a socialist nation there 's nothing to do there as an illegal immigrant but work . 
  in europe we have set up a system where everybody pays more taxes and in return gets more security in time of need . 
  it has worked very well , until north africa got the message that you do n't need to contribute to the system in any way to reap the benefits . 
  it is pretty funny though, 
  they 're inverse refugees . 
  temporary instead of permanent and they give you money instead of demanding money . 
  explaining does n't override religious fundamentalism, 
  i wonder about the effectiveness of this process though . 
  integration is a problem already , and that 's with people who are educated and had 3 generations time to adjust . 
  although i agree they did n't have the capacity to produce any meaningful resistance . 
  they might have if the bombardment came through but that failed spectacularly on un 's part . 
  what they did do wrong however was take away the weapons of the locals who wanted to fight themselves . 
  and when mladic came they even helped him load people into trucks . 
  there is a very good documentary about this with footage of a conversation between general mladic and colonel karremans ( leader of dutchbat ) which ends in a toast between the two . 
  the documentary also interviews the colonel and some soldiers i believe . 
  not sure what it was called maybe someone can provide it . 
  if you 're not exactly enthusiastic about it either , why encourage other countries to do the same ? 
  and why not have a talk about this on a political level ? 
  all german politicians have done is tell people they are racist if they have mixed feelings about this . 
  that kind of behavior causes people to support more populist and extremist parties , which could ( have been ) avoided if the center parties would at least be willing to listen and talk about the issue . 
  what i feel about germany is that it is a pseudo-democracy like reddit , where you are allowed to have your own opinion but as long as it is n't the opinion everyone generally agreed on you 're told to fuck off . 
  this is a serious issue that needs to change , because this behavior is exactly what drives people to populist parties ( who might not be as capable at governing but at least are willing to listen ), 
  fuck off with this shit not everybody is as enthusiastic about this as germany is, 
   no mass slaughters and genocides in ukraine . 
  yet . 
  that 's because they have n't sent any dutch soldiers to help out yet . 
  do you just read the comments , search for something you can copy to seem smart and post it ? 
  not multicultural enough, 
  the eu is no more . 
  only tolerance now . 
  yeah it 's great and all that germany is throwing a party for all these poor ~ ~ families from countries torn by war ~ ~ young men looking for free stuff , but you ca n't expect others to share your enthusiasm . 
  the majority of current refugees are not from syria but from northern africa . 
  they 're also 90 % young males . 
  these are n't families with starving children running from a war-torn country . 
  these are men who left their country behind because fuck this place i can get free stuff in germany . 
  this bubble is n't created by evil white cis men suppressing the poor muslims . 
  the state did n't build the mosque or the turkish bakery . 
  these people choose to live in this isolated world because of their medieval culture they fail to interact normally with german people . 
  although that is a point , the reason this is happening is partly because nobody listened when people complained . 
  not saying that justifies violence , but telling your population they are simply wrong when something is going on they feel strongly about leads to extremism . 
  yet when germans say it they 're nazis, 
   how can 71 people wilfully go into a goddam refrigeration truck ? 
  the prospect of free money, 
  well some meat certainly did spoil, 
  greece wo n't be kicked out because that 's impossible . 
  it will stop receiving free money to sustain itself and will need to start printing own money , thus leaving the eurozone . 
  very good point . 
  in europe ( and germany especially ) there seems to be a very strong polarization where you are either pro-refugees or a neo-nazi . 
  i have a lot of german friends and they all share news and opinion articles about how people who out criticism on asylum seekers want hitler back etc. 
  no matter how you look at it , this is going to be a problem some time in the future and it needs to be acknowledged by center parties . 
  politicians are carefully dancing around the issue , leaving people to turn to the only parties acknowledging the issue : populists , conservatives and extremists . 
  my guess is that within a decade we will see various countries in europe where a populist party will win elections . 
  it almost happened in the nl , belgium and france already . 
  sweden and germany are strongly polarized but still very heavy on the left . 
  i think it 's sad because europe has done so well because of the central and central-left parties . 
  politicians are supposed to represent the population , not ignore important issues and tell the population they are wrong when they complain . 
  i 'm not sure yet what my next vote will be , my options are very limited . 
  and to continue this thought train : what about male rape victims uncomfortable around women ? 
  ok but you ca n't just move to the us to work there , unless you find the work beforehand . 
  he 's german, 
  like what countries ? 
  i thought germany pays pretty well, 
  yeah funny how the `` refugees welcome '' people are almost always living of social security themselves . 
  aside from the beautiful message the logistics of this are pretty impressive as well . 
  i have seen self cleaning toilets on german autobahn stops immigrants : 0 autobahn : 1, 
  that picture is stigmatising, 
  facts are now racism, 
  i always thought the `` refugees welcome '' thing was a meme but in germany i 've actually seen it several times . 
  oh well it 's all good then come on in people it 's all a misunderstanding, 
  * tips tinfoil hat *, 
  it does n't need to be a pro-white party . 
  just * any * party at least * acknowledging * that this is or at least will be a problem . 
  welcome to europe : where students are seen as a financial burden and economic refugees are given free housing , clothing and money . 
  the middle parties have done nothing but carefully ignore these topics for the last few years all over europe , which is why europe is becoming more and more polarized . 
  what we see is a rise on both extremes of the political spectrum , which is n't going to end well . 
  by metaphorical blood, 
  just waiting for some linguistics nerd to point out it comes from diets , which means `` our own people '' or something . 
  not to mention contemporary germany and nl were one country back then ( and willem van oranje was himself half german ) ( actually the current king is over 90 % german by blood ), 
  so is left wing terrorism though . 
  i guess this polarization is happening all over europe . 
  people are voting for both far right and far left parties . 
  both sides feel like they are n't being listened to , and to a certain extend that is true . 
  politicians are afraid to talk about topics a lot of people feel very strongly about , like immigration or the eu . 
  not talking about these topics will push people to the extremes where very strong opinions are held in either direction . 
  i think europe needs to open up in general to these discussions . 
  even if you do n't agree you can still talk . 
  even on reddit , what * used to be * a harbor of open debate we see threads being removed and comments about immigration deleted . 
  bulgaria being eu means i can essentially pack my stuff an move there right ? 
  yeah pretty much exactly that . 
  you do n't feel negative towards the people of north-korea right ? 
  even though the people might believe `` the west '' is some evil unity conspiring against them we know the fault lies with the government of north korea . 
   bringing caravans unto our autobahns this is but one more ruse we play . 
  you see , everyone is actually going to southern france or spain , and we go to resorts there and not to campsites . 
  we drop the caravans in switzerland and pick them up on the way back . 
  the joy of playing dutch schlager music in a 50km long traffic jam somewhere between koblenz and m\u00fcnchen really is an acquired taste . 
   i heard that 's the dutch way of starting a feud .
