  although merkel has certainly fueled this whole disaster , the problem is much bigger and not only a german problem . 
  the eu as a political and legal system has failed spectacularly . 
  what 's the point of having laws if there is no way you can enforce them or stop people breaking them ? 
  how do you sell people the idea of a federal europe when all it means is that other countries will be spreading your butthole and you ca n't stop whoever is entering ? 
  countries are closing their borders right now because they 're scared , because illegals can neither be stopped at the border nor deported from inside the border . 
  hard to determine with brackets , but anything over $ 20k is taxed around 40 % and anything over $ 57k at 52 %, 
  funny how it is a tax haven for corporations but citizens are bled dry with europe 's highest income taxes . 
  need to qualify first bruh, 
  a highly educated boring alcoholic ? 
  `` refugees '', 
  nothing is working but i 'm saying it is n't just all shit because of the evil west . 
  in both the middle east and africa tribes have been engaged in bloody conflicts since forever . 
  then there was some colonialism and oil shit , and then some proxy cold war , and then some more oil shit and then everyone goes back to killing each other because this group is n't muslim enough and this group is n't muslim at all and this group well fuck it they 're not us so let 's kill them too . 
  `` the west '' obviously did it 's part in this clusterfuck but is also putting great effort into stabilizing things . 
  and it was working until a combination of civil war in syria and subsequent structural failure of iraqi army coordination led to the rise of isis . 
  both times the us army retreated from the middle east everything went from bad to worse . 
  so it begins . 
  especially in developed euro countries , the only parties with criticism on immigration policy make up a very small minority , although they 've been growing larger past years in the nl , belgium and france . 
  i feel like i 'm taking crazy pills, 
  she 's also done more for iraqis than for germans, 
  football team lost 3-0 against turkey , most likely not qualified for european championship ... 
  do n't even get me started, 
  is this a binding referendum ? 
  a lot of people itt saying this is good because women and children do n't need to do the crossing , but what about leaving your wife and kids in an active war zone ? 
  it 's a failing policy when people who enter illegally can not be deported . 
  it defeats the whole purpose of making it illegal , and that 's why millions are now trying it . 
  it 's a no-risk high-gain enterprise , not counting the marine crossings . 
  and they should n't . 
  they 're not the ones who have a failing border protection and migration policy . 
  always making fun of the south , let 's see who has the last laugh, 
  i do n't agree with `` weeding people out '' . 
  it 's the same problem that will cause a nationalist surge in politics in all the coming elections . 
  telling people who are concerned about their country/the eu xenophobes and racists only makes matters worse . 
  maybe this has sonething to do with actual waves of immigrants instead . 
  you are now a moderator of / r/wallstreetbets, 
  * cough cough afghanistan cough *, 
  they 'll leave and what then ? 
  `` the problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other people 's money '', 
  afd ? 
  i mean nobody took them seriously and they 're bad politicians but people care little about that when your kanzlerin who you 've supported tells you you 're racist for not burning down your own country . 
  next elections will almost all be won by populists and nationalist . 
  one big change we 'll see is that it will become more acceptable to be anti-immigration . 
  this will cause even more tension . 
  from here on it can either die with a sizzle or go out with a bang . 
  no way these people are going back , but when word gets out europe is n't paradise or there will finally be military actions against smugglers , borders tighten etc new refugees will come in smaller numbers and the tension might die down over time . 
  on the other hand it could get out of hand . 
  one country will have a nationalist majority , deport all refugees and tell everyone to fuck off . 
  other countries will want this too . 
  tension increases , another policeman gets hacked to death , a white girl raped and you now have riots in the streets , attacks against refugee camps/housing , stronger ghettoization than ever before . 
  truth is nobody knows what 'll happen but the longer center parties wait with doing anything the worse it 'll be . 
  what do you mean by combined tax ? 
  if they are illegal you can deport them . 
  which is in itself a whole other problem . 
   her bluff could get called one can only hope, 
  it 's almost like someone invited them all over . 
  proclaim all refugees will be accepted 2 . 
  say shengen area is at risk 3 . 
  no seriously what the hell is she doing ? 
  it 's kind of like an inverse holocaust . 
  instead of loading an ethnic group onto trains , sending them to eastern europe and murdering them , now trains with people of a certain ethnic group are coming from eastern europe and being kept alive in germany . 
  hey you have the lowest income taxes of all developed europe . 
  guess that 's about to change though ... you can always come to enjoy our highest bracket 52 % income tax anytime you want . 
  edit : apparently maybe you ca n't , shengen is about to die . 
  `` refugee '', 
  are you sure you want to ? 
  europe does n't have to , but politicians do n't have the balls to do anything about it . 
  the only one who is actively commenting on it is merkel who goes around the country to call people racists . 
  easy thing to say for an island, 
  that was intense, 
  these immigrants are n't refugees . 
  or maybe they were , but when you pass 5 safe countries offering you shelter , food and clothing and then try to highjack a train and demand to be taken to germany that makes you an economic immigrant and not a refugee . 
  * tips tinfoil hat *, 
  how exactly does marc zuckerberg profit from cheap labor ? 
  how can people be this delusional ? 
  say you just ran from an active war zone , your house was turned to dust by artillery shells , and you finally make your way to ~ ~ turkey greece romania bulgaria ~ ~ hungary . 
  upon arrival you are fed and clothed and offered shelter , but instead you highjack a train and demand to be taken to germany for some reason . 
  even the most hardcore gutmensch can not possibly be this disillusioned . 
  because they 're economic immigrants, 
  totally breaks down the whole war torn country narrative . 
  * fleeing their country torn apart by war and violence , travelling hundreds of miles through active war zones , the ~ ~ family ~ ~ young men who left their families behind finally make it to the safe country that is ~ ~ turkey greece bulgaria romania ~ ~ hungary . 
  having arrived in this safe place and being clothed and fed , they ~ ~ are grateful ~ ~ start complaining and want to move on to germany because of the sweet social security and housing benefits . 
  news is n't about telling people what is going on , it 's about telling them what they want to believe . 
  not to mention funding the whole isis thing, 
  i 'm not saying we should just let people starve , but what i find hypocritical is that in europe we have good social support for everybody , from disabled or unemployed to foreign refugees , but when you 're enrolled in higher education you 're essentially told to fuck off . 
  which is a loan if you make any money at all afterwards, 
  and when the hungarian police told them to go to the refugee camps they started protesting because they did n't want to live in camps . 
  so much for `` they 're not economic refugees '' . 
  easy thing to say for an island, 
  it does n't matter because none of them have any sort of id anyways, 
  which is more than it does for students , who need to loan . 
  i 'm not worried about change of beliefs but rather a clash of beliefs . 
  sure there are differences but the difference between latin/western culture is much smaller than between islamic/western culture, 
  the cognitive dissonance is so strong when `` refugees welcome '' - type people are confronted with this idea . 
  the road to hell is paved with good intentions , and that concept completely flew over the heads of all the gutmenschen in europe . 
  they so strongly believe their righteousness is the alpha and omega of the universe they 'll close their eyes to the problems they are creating . 
  command them to read das ~ ~ kaptlital ~ ~ kapital by age of 4 and point out the flaws . 
  the conclusion merkel arrived at is that other states must bend over the kitchen table like germany did . 
  the southern part of limburg is actually closer to german than belgian in accent . 
  i 'm pretty sure a german can understand them better than a dutch person can . 
  americans are also all rude,
