except they will by then have 5 children which make great news stories when you need to send daddy back . 
  australia has a functioning immigration and border protection system due starters, 
  is it even possible to get into the us if you do n't get invited by a company etc ? 
  yeah no shit that 's why we 're all going to vote populist/nationalist next elections, 
  i first thought it would be less but it seems correct  the size of the muslim-american population has proved difficult to measure because the u.s. census does not track religious affiliation . 
  estimates vary widely from 2 million to 7 million . 
  http://iraq.usembassy.gov/mobile//resources/information/current/american/statistical.html i wonder why though . 
  maybe us culture is more `` steadfast '' and wo n't deal with bs people try to introduce . 
  or maybe they do n't all live together like in europe . 
  if there 's one country that had a hand in finishing kebab it 's the nl amirite ? 
  i think we can just go ahead and say muslims suck at immigration . 
  nice one but those are unrelated . 
  * tips ushanka *, 
  they managed to overcome their autism and meet up wearing spooky suits , yet refuse to look at each other or stand closer than 2 meters apart . 
  how do i invest in the human trafficking business ? 
  it 's french, 
  waging war has historically been our favorite pastime, 
  there 's literally no hills either , except in the very south and a bit in the east . 
  democracy =\\ = rack up votes then do what you want . 
  the current government is undemocratic in the sense that it is n't acting in the interest of its own people . 
  especially mark rutte is mostly acting in the interest ( aka bending over ) of the eu hoping to get some sweet eu job after his national political carreer inevitably crashes . 
  although i do n't think he `` predicted '' the waves of economic immigrants , he did oppose a strong eu influence . 
  right now countries are tied with their hands behind their backs and incapable of closing their borders to waves of `` refugees '' . 
  not to mention his `` predecessor '' , pim fortuyn , was shot twice in the head by a leftist extremist . 
  drastic problems call for drastic solutions . 
  i do agree with you however that i doubt he 's much use besides an incentive for the center parties to deal with current problems . 
  when his party was the second biggest he did n't put that power to use at all . 
  i think it 's telling you something about the state of europe rather than the state of / r/europe . 
  he also called out the government on being undemocratic and not representative of the population , which is completely true as well . 
  he 's scoring some big votes for next election . 
  i * would * vote for him because i think his party is the only party taking a lot of trouble we are currently having seriously as opposed to other parties . 
  he 's been preaching against a too strong eu influence and the trouble that comes with growing islamic influence and currently a combination of both is biting everyone in the ass . 
  what makes me hesitant to vote for him however is that when he * did * have power in the last government , he did n't put it to use at all . 
  10 years and we 'll be begging putin to fucking steamroll this hellhole already . 
  i do n't agree with putin on many things , but right now europe is as ridiculous , misguided and delusional as russia could ever be . 
  i 'm actually laughing right now . 
  if europe takes these people seriously it deserves every bit of misery that will follow in the following years/decades . 
  the whole world is laughing at us and here we are taking seriously people who `` fled '' all the way to the desert into the fucking arctic circle and * demand * more than shelter , food and even free fucking money . 
  this kills the europe, 
  but for syria to cease to exist , would n't that mean other countries need to recognize the islamic state as a country ? 
  * picture of drowned boy appears in newspapers * open the gates !!, 
  same as poland . 
  actually i do n't think of czech republic , poland or hungary as still ex-commie . 
  that 's more romania/bulgaria to me ( no hard feelings guys ) . 
  hey if you pay a premium for being smuggled into europe you want to get your money 's worth . 
  do n't settle for a cheap country like hungary that wo n't even give you free phones !, 
  but instead succumbs to a gay man ? 
  after telling people for years people can be talked into being gay . 
  heavy accent but synthax as vocabulary are really good . 
  it 's not the skin color it 's the culture and the mindset of why they came here in the first place . 
  the balkan refugees where actual refugees for a start . 
  cause these people are n't white, 
  does it matter why they do it ? 
  point is we do n't do this in europe , and we should n't import cultures where this is prevalent . 
  they have a huge ass sandbox where they can blow each other up . 
  it 's obvious for politicians , but this is a side effect of democracy . 
  essentially politicians care mostly about what 'll happen till next election , anything after that is n't their problem ( unless they get re-elected ) . 
  therefore plans that only become profitable in the long term ( renewables , research , space ) are dwarfed by slight tax alterations and other populist issues . 
  merkel has n't exactly made herself popular recently with the immigration issue , but i admire how she manages to find room for long term issues like renewable energy and the stability/prosperity of europe as a whole . 
  where you can see this turning out well is in for example singapore . 
  with a `` dictator '' you obviously lose political freedom amongst a host of other things but what you gain is the ability ( though hardly used in most dictatorships ) to plan for long term goals and ignore political `` noise '', 
  start in syria , go to turkey , greece , bulgaria , romania , hungary , austria , germany , denmark and end up in sweden . 
  that 's 9 safe countries ( turkey is n't safe compared to say germany but it 's safe compared to an active warzone ) . 
  but instead of accepting the food , shelter an clothing these `` refugees '' highjack trains and roam highways because they want dem sweet benefits in sweden . 
   fleeing from war if you pass ten safe countries , throw away food given to you and refuse shelter offered you are n't fleeing from war . 
  is n't this essentially the cause of every war ever ? 
  not saying having people die in the mediterranean is a solution but neither is just bringing everybody in . 
  what needs to happen is make it clear making the journey is n't profitable . 
  if burglars fall to their death from your fence , it does n't mean you should remove the fence . 
  you should remove the attraction to rob your cash-loaded house . 
  i need to stop reading the news . 
  i 'm not actually mad anymore i 'm just amazed this is actually happening . 
  by multicultural i mean monocultural . 
  and by monocultural i mean islamic . 
  multiple cultures can live together in peace , but not when one of them is a backwards medieval hate culture . 
  just look at countries where thailand where budists and christians live side by side , yet the south suffers from terrorist attacks because of large muslim groups . 
  well you see where that led to . 
  eastern europe can become richer without becoming a multicultural hugbbox, 
  completely agree, 
  polan strong !, 
  keep it up guys do n't become western europe ... 
  tolerance is the meme of the century . 
  you have to be pretty damn delusional to think intergration even remotely worked . 
  because these people come from backwards cultures . 
  and the media eat it up because it 's easy sensation . 
  `` nazism on the rise in germany '' are popular titles because muslims attack jews ... 
  i know it probably wo n't happen , but if it did would they be able to leave the eu ? 
  if anything poland , czech republic , slovakia and hungary will be the prosperous european countries within 50 years . 
  screencap this post , load it onto a usb drive and bury it in your back yard because i told you so . 
  fuck that shit if you make it through 10 safe countries , if you have thrown away food given to you and rejected shelter offered to you , you 're not a refugee . 
  you 're a gold digger . 
  the millions of actual refugees are in turkey , lebanon and the likes . 
  they crossed the border and were happy to be able to live in relative safety , even if that means living in makeshift shelters . 
  the people trying to make their way to sweden turned their own countries to shit and are now looking for other countries to shit . 
  they 're like a swarm of those killer grasshoppers . 
  democracy : 1 eu : 0, 
  they all threw their passports away . 
  oh what a relief . 
  hitler spared everyone except jews , gipsies and disabled people it all was n't that bad . 
  they could n't stop mladic with military force , but they could have refrained from helping him load people into busses , or they could have given the locals their weapons back .
