  which is why the septemberprogramm came into being . 
  it says so even on the bloody wiki page you quoted `` the government , finally , never committed itself to anything . 
  it had ordered the september programme as an informal hearing in order to learn about the opinion of the economic and military elites . 
  '' [ 7 ] military and economic elites . 
  which makes is still hugely unlikely any annexations of french territory would have taken place , because guess what the politicians were n't actually as retarded as you 'd think in regards of recognizing the end of being able to incorporate foreign nationals into your nation state . 
  thus the planned establishment of nation state puppets in the east with probably even poland . 
  sure they 'd be tied economically and foreign policy wise to germany , but would govern themself and be free to express their culture . 
  such an outcome easily could have been a stabilizing factor in central europe , a beacon of stability and guarantee of peace that would eventually see german domination fall similar to the fall of the british and french empires . 
  in all liklihood the french north east would have ended up under similar conditions the rhineland did post ww1 . 
  belgium and luxembourg probably still would end up completely annexed in the case of luxembourg and puppeted in the case of belgium . 
  i do n't think anyone in the empire would have even tried to touch that mess with all the belgian irregulars during the war , highlighting uprises to come . 
  puppeting states tend to reduce that , see vichy france , slovakia . 
  i am sorry but that never would have happened . 
  the german empire would have snatched most if not all french colonies , but nothing from european france . 
  colonies were in hindsight nothing but prestige objects and of course strategic harbors . 
  the inclusion of elsass-lothringen was allready unpopular with the conversative/national elements of the german empire , getting even more frenchmen into the country they would have never accepted . 
  in the east according to brest-litowsk the german empire would have pupetted several nation states but not incorporated them into the empire . 
  with all this aquired there would be no reason for more expansion , similar to france and britain that did not fight each other to expand . 
  infact it would hardly be different to what britain did to napoleonic france . . 
  well if you 're capable of german [ harald schmidt ] ( https://youtu.be/tadyje13hmc?t=19s ) , otherwise well . 
  i personally say schwarz but am not afraid to say neger . 
  for me it still has no negative connotation , simply because it simply is a historic term . 
  this new trend of viewing it as degoratory has imo more to do with people associating nigger with neger , which is simply wrong . 
  you would n't use either of that though in a face to face conversation with a black person though . 
  why ? 
  because it is n't a term to adress someone . 
  to say sie neger , in order to adress someone would be degoratory , because that 's not how you 'd address people usually . 
  in short no it is n't . 
  anyone who grew up with negerk\u00fcsse chokolate instead of schokok\u00fcsse still says it , or mohrenk\u00f6pfe . 
  it has at this point absolutely nothing to do with blacks and is simply become a term for a thing , like you call a bread , a bread . 
  to change these things and say that there 'd be an association with blacks , well that is actually racism . 
  because instead of accepting it as a historic term , you try to give it racial connotation that is does n't have . 
  that 's only my view however . 
  do n't tell anyone but we kinda gobbled up some of the dutch tank forces ( germany is giving the tanks , the dutch the crew ) and get to use a dutch transport ship in exchange for giving the dutch control over our marine infantry forces . 
  furthermore dutch paratroopers specialized on helicopter landings get integrated into the german paratroopers that are specialized in paradropping from planes to teach/complement each other 's capabilities . 
  maybe only the beginning of a european army that is not mandatory for all , but only for those who wish to partake . 
  it 's especially good because china , no matter their deplorable issues , has an interest in a thriving and united europe . 
  this can not be said of most other big trading partners of the eu . 
  especially the us is more and more shaky as a reliable partner . 
  they are not interested in a strong nor united europe and are more and more volatile to impose tariffs on a whim with mr. tinyhands in power . 
  the eu needs to be ready to shift their trade from the us to elsewhere if need be and china is the best , if not the most ethical choice . 
  but such cooperation might lead to a more liberal china eventually . 
  or not , but one can try . 
  not really generous , rather standard between nations on friendly terms . 
  german minorities living in silesia have plenty of rights , well most other german minorities around in europe that still existed in europe followed the ~ ~ heim ins reich 2.0 ~ ~ , eh sorry , right of return after the reunification though . 
  on another note the dutch still occupy one hill they did n't return from the stuff they annexed after ww2 . 
  and i hear it was like , a really , really nice hill . 
  like reeeeally nice . 
  probably now it is the place with the biggest elevation in the whole damn country where them dutchies go mountaineering . 
  not cool holland , not cool . 
  the uk and france indeed only allowed germany to reunite under the premise that germany would adopt the euro , in an attempt to cripple the german economy . 
  that plan obviously backfired , but we have n't forgotten this . 
  so yeah ireland can be pretty much assured that especially germany will support a united ireland or a no-border agreement for ire and ni to ensure the possebility of reunification . 
  we wo n't let the english use you or the irish peace as bargaining chips . 
  best thing would obviously be if you finally overcame your differences and simply unite , but that is n't very realistic . 
  we 'll find a way hopefully . 
  on another note the gdr joined nothing , it was actually dissolved in the respective federal states and each state then annexed by west germany . 
  you see , we germans do n't reunite we anschluss , just for the sake of it , 
  well there is no point anyway . 
  if a dane wants to live in south schleswig he bloody well can just do that and vice versa with germans who want to live in northern slesvig . 
  anyone who starts endagering that status quo in trying to weaponize minorities ( a concept that more or less is outdated in our times anyway ) again , should be met with immediate and harsh opposition from the rest of europe . 
  simple as that . 
  as is proper . 
  any territorial claim without a referendum to back it up is retarded . 
  the people make the country , not the land . 
  if the danes pay the bill they can run a referendum for all i care . 
  but if they fail i expect at least a free beer for any german tourist on their next holiday in denmark . 
  ffs people ca n't you get basic history right . 
  the weimar republic was allready a flawed democracy ( read non functioning and ultimately non democratic due to emergency powers for the reichspr\u00e4sident ) since at least 1930 , when no party ever managed to gain a majority either absolutely or via coalition . 
  that meant the only way laws and basic government functions could be passed was via the reichspr\u00e4sident due to his non democratic emergency powers , or if the elected parties in the parliament for once could agree on an issue . 
  hitler clearly lost his election for reichspr\u00e4sident against hindenburg , meaning he was rejected in the most direct manner possible . 
  that he later got appointed reichskanzler had in all fairness much to do with the amount of votes the nsdap could gather , but to a significant amount with the fact the hindenburg , the reichspr\u00e4sident , thought he could use and control hitler as simply yet another mere figurehead , as all reichskanzler before were too since the emergency powers were introduced . 
  and of course because hindenburg thought he could pit hitler nicely against the ( in his and many conservative minds ) bigger threat of the communists . 
  hell the weimar republic saw putsch attempts from both left and right allready , to think weimar was a normal functioning democracy is bloody ludicrous . 
  even after the nazis banned the communists , the 2nd most popular party , coupled with several other non democratic plots to influence the elections , they still did n't manage to gain an absolute majority and had to coalition . 
  tl ; dr no your fact does not stand . 
  it 's a tad more complicated than that , your point is n't dismissable , but it is n't the whole truth written like that either . 
  the point is certain european countries want to be free to further their own cooperation and political integration without needing the approval of countries that do n't have anything to do with that other than paranoia and envy , aka multi speed eu . 
  it 's not like with a multi speed europe the east ca n't do their own thing too . 
  i do n't know why people assume the eu needs to be a thing where all do the same , when it is better for all involved if multiple approaches are tried and the best will eventually be dominant enough for the rest to follow suit . 
  i want further political integration from `` our '' vision for the eu thoroughly tested by germany and france plus other founding eu members if willing , to prevent flaws such as seen in the eurozone , aka its bull to have a common currency without the political overreach , the german position on the matter til the reunification and france throwing a paranoia fit , so damage can be contained and be sold to the allready less than enthusiastically rest of the eu by example rather than by goodwill , that the eu simply does not have anymore in most member countries . 
  the east can do their thing too and come up something they can propose as an alternative and showcase how their vision of the eu works , as opposed of talking shit without putting in any work to solve common problems as it usually goes down . 
  unity does n't benefit us one bit , not least because it 's an unachievable pipedream . 
  bitching from both sides does n't either . 
  but healthy competition about the best vision can actually propell the project ahead . 
  well they allready do . 
  do n't you know the one responsible for the christmas market attack in berlin was for years imprisoned in italy and italy allready had the tunesian go to deport him , but then tried to use him to identify other islamists and while doing so , lost sight of him . 
  do n't see the issue here . 
  eastern europe will not change its stance anyway . 
  the more the eastern europeans view the eu as antagonistic , the better . 
  makes it much easier to sell multi speed eu all around . 
  the eastern european leaders can sell their electorate that they do n't get involved because of the big bad eu and retain status quo , while the western leaders can sell their electorate that the easterners are n't willing to show solidarity anyway , so no need in even trying to get them on board for anything . 
  win win for both sides . 
  this will actually be good for the eu . 
  i am completely ok with them having that sentiment . 
  infact i welcome it . 
  i think it nothing short of bloody outragious that nearly half a century being devided , occupied in anything but name and armed to the teeth to be sacrificed serving as the battlefield of ww3 , barely was enough for germans to be granted the right of self determination and even then only with economic concessions aimed to artificially weaken the german economy and political commitments that were hardly supported by the public . 
  then to bloody have the nerve to call that friendship and low key pretend it was all nice and rosey back then and europe cheered on the german reunification is just the icing on the cake really . 
  seeing what has become of the us and the soviets , other than the irish , no nation should be regarded in high regard by germany by default . 
  to keep the option for irish unification open shall be the only commitment forever binding .
