  anyway the turks were kept segregated on purpose to ensure that they 'd be willing to leave after their contracts ran out . 
  obviously that did n't work out and politicians were afraid to enforce the law and deport them , bad press etc. 
  the vast majority of turks in germany are decendants of these gastarbeiter . 
  these workers by the way were n't really needed in germany at the time , germany was pressured by the us to take in the turkish overpopulation to get turkey to join nato . 
  the money these workers send home to turkey at some time supported 10 % of the whole population in turkey , to put things in perspective . 
  it saved turkey from collapsing . 
  are you bloody kidding me . 
  the bloody heck are they broadcasting for propaganda over there , that for you modern russia is equal to the bloody soviet union under stalin . 
  preventing any kind of war is not only in germany 's interest , but the entire bloody baseline supported by nearly every bloody single german . 
  we are not talking about preventing war here though , but quite the opposite that when faced with a choice to limit the extent of a conflict quite similar as what happened to ukraine , or to go to full out war while in reality most of eastern europe would fall to russia allready before nato would be able to really respond , one should chose the latter because that prevents war ? 
  what the actual fuck are ye talking about mate . 
  you want myself and my countrymen to die for your sake and you have the audacity to call another person scum . 
  quite rich . 
  can you bloody read . 
  the point is when eastern europe is sold out and russian ambitions statisfied without war other than with said eastern european countries , it will lead to sanctions by western europe and most likely the rest of the world including china , as china is n't interested in conflict and will want to keep their interests in western europe and africa untouched by war . 
  thus russia in isolation will slowly implode as they essentially gained fuck all from annexing all these countries and eventually lead to a again free fucking eastern europe without the loss of hundreds of thousands . 
  simple realpolitik really . 
  and where do you get the idea that russia will commited genocide ? 
  are you telling me russia is currently commiting genocide in ukraine and noone knows about it ? 
  point being , eastern europe was sold out once in exchange for peace , if shit hits the fan such an option should be explored again . 
  this russia fearmongering is leading to nowhere , other than jingoism in eastern european countries . 
  if you 're so eager to neutralize the russian threat , go on knock yourselfs out . 
  get america on board and go for it , but leave the rest of europe out of it . 
  germany could n't stop belgium let alone poland from invading . 
  i am ok with russia controlling eastern europe , in exchange for peace . 
  military occupation is n't sustainable for russia long term and collaboration of eastern europeans is n't likely to an extent that those annexations would pay off . 
  all it would do is destabilize russia and weaken them . 
  this is n't the last century anymore , if russia goes that route even china will take a bloody step back and leave russia in isolation until it implodes . 
  war will only increase suffering and casualties , nothing more . 
  apparently most people do n't feel it , considering the 53 % and all . 
  and i honestly am of the same opinion . 
  i had russian as a third language in school , was in st. petersburg for exchange and connected with some of those russians more than with poles who were on exchange in germany . 
  sure as shit wo n't fight for or against either . 
  was one of the last generations to be conscripted and had enough time as panzergrenadier cramped into the back of the marder to know i do n't want to slowly burn to death in that trap nor do i want to be mowed down 2 seconds after leaving it . 
  russian interests stop in eastern europe , a neutral western europe would be more beneficial , for world peace , for preventing war in europe and for hoping that russia eventually will reform itself from the inside . 
  this war mongering bull comes usually from people who wo n't be sacrificed on the battlefield so people should stuff it unless their balls are on the bloody line . 
   i thought germany , at least by virtue , would be first to defend . 
  and why would that be . 
  germany is the least militaristic and interventionalistic country in the west and has no historic obligation to meddle around in eastern europe , heck wars were fought and populations ethnically cleansed to prevent germany from having any influence there at all . 
  afghanistan saw comparable huge german casualties and for what . 
  a war against an actual military force would rack up those numbers into unacceptable heights . 
  germany is beyond ww2 french war fatigue when it comes to eagerness to defend anything . 
  russia will come to terms with germany as their interests stop right east from germany and trade will always sweeten any deal enough . 
  eastern europe was sold out in ww2 and if the need arises it will be again , under grand gestures and whining from western leaders , but for peace they 'll do it in an instant . 
  except america and canada of course . 
  because their countries wo n't be devestated and their populations wo n't be killed and there 's plenty bucks to be made . 
  frankly you do n't have a clue on the german position on this . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  no fiskal transfers without political union . 
  anything else is giving an alcoholic money to buy some food , trusting him to do the right thing and not buy booze for it . 
  not saying countries will abuse the system , just that you bloody lock your door even though you are pretty sure most people are n't bloody criminals . 
  but oh boy , talk about surrendering some of that sovereignity to other countries that allready take enough interest in your country 's well being that they are willing to bloody throw money at you , then we 've crossed a line right . 
  give me arguments about how exactly the german populace benefits from giving out money unchecked to everyone , while the german debt still is at rediculous levels and would drastically increase to the detriment of the germans and the benefit of other europeans . 
  to quote trumpleton , this has to be the worst deal , in the history of deals , maybe ever . 
  we can talk about shared debt when germany is in a position to actually contribute without fucking damaging itself , aka when german debt is at acceptable levels , maybe 20 years down the line if nothing major happens . 
   so , displaying historical helmets and pistols ? 
  the title made it sound like it was objects featuring swastikas . 
  this does n't seem ideological to me , making this illegal feels a bit overzealous . 
  well i personally too have an original wehrmacht helmet . 
  because my grandfather served as a flakhelfer in his village when he was 14 and got to keep his helmet after that for his service in the volountary fire brigade and i have it as family memorabilia . 
  as do i have coins with swastikas ( and a few from 1871 freshly ( back then ) minted empire coins and a few before that , plus post ww1 inflationary currency ) , because i like collecting coins as well . 
  and of course photos of relatives serving in both world wars as well . 
  plus three books flat out nazi propaganda about the fall of poland , rommels ghost division and u-boats , all from ' 41 , published by the nsdap bought by my grandfather 's parents . 
  they 're very well writen , but same as you can recognize bad movies and know the plot minutes earlier , you can spot the propaganda as easily , because one side is shown in a good light and the other is n't . 
  still interesting pieces of history , not to mention most include actual historical maps about troop movements , encirclements and the like . 
  the point being that i as a private person can own such things without much of a problem , and is n't looked down upon either , as long as i do n't bloody put them next to a fucking framed picture of hitler . 
  the bundeswehr on the other hand was founded with explicitly not making any ties to previous german military , save from the j\u00e4ger troops , as most modern militaries , including the wehrmacht , go traditions wise rather towards the line infantry , thus no goose step for the bundeswehr , as these were a thing of line infantry and not the loose formation skirmishers such as the j\u00e4ger . 
  as such wehrmacht and any other historic objects linked to former german militaries have no place in bundeswehr related buildings , as they have no connection whatsoever . 
  if the bundeswehr was to change their stance on this and draw traditions directly from the wehrmacht , reichswehr or deutsches heer it would be another story . 
  but it does n't and wo n't , so these are accurate concerns . 
  it 's simple , really : kurzarbeit fudging the numbers . 
  the situation for the average worker was certainly better 20 years back . 
  and we 're not just talking low or medium wage workers here . 
  good luck finding a stable job nowadays , being able to settle down in a certain area without having to move every 10odd years is n't the norm anymore . 
  it 's quite disgusting really . 
  but what can you do . 
  if you do n't have a good source of vitamin b ( connections for the non germans ) or an enormous portion of luck , they 'll send you running after your contract runs out . 
  it is honorable to serve as a conscript when your country faces foreign aggression . 
  it is honorable to serve as an officer in peacetime to ensure the best leadership in times of a defensive war . 
  to be nothing more than a mercenary dieing for foreign interests mostly of economic nature , halfway around the globe for pay worse than anything you 'd get with a halfway decent education is about the most dishonorable thing i can think of . 
  so fuck right off with your self rightious bull . 
  in germany only retards and can do nothings go to the army , officers as mentioned earlier exempt . 
  arguably wittmann was n't a good tank commander , but rather a propaganda figure . 
  his crew performed well sure , but again and again he as the commander lead them into situations that could have been avoided through better positioning and scouting the terrain . 
  his death probably could have been avoided too . 
  but he did have his moments too , true . 
  he was a die hard nazi though and that would be like putting rudel on a pedestal for his martial accomplishments . 
  it would n't be wrong , but it does rather put in question your own views on political matters . 
  if you want a good tank commander who was n't outright a die hard nazi , but still somewhat indifferent about the role he played in such a war and believer in nazi propaganda about the causes of said war , you have otto carius . 
  he even wrote a book about it , if you 're interested in such things . 
  would n't be suprised though . 
  researching in germany is n't an attractive occupation at all . 
  you start being on project by project timed contracts and are payed literally fuck all and if you do n't start pumping out papers like no tomorrow you 'll never ever leave that loop , and even then we 're talking chances about one getting an actual longterm position . 
  research in the industry is usually better , but often not focused on putting out papers , but about internal stuff . 
  probably is n't that different elsewhere either , but just saying germany is n't really that good of a place for paper based research . 
  i could never convince myself to get into this hyper competitive paper producing shitshow to eventually have the chance of being able to do research i am genuinly interested in without the constant fear of unemployment . 
  guess that simply means i never was cut out to be a researcher in the first place , mh . 
  it 's good for the exports that 's it . 
  it costs the german populace millions over millions in savings , because the money is n't worth what it should be . 
  the average german suffers at least equally due to the euro .
