  until there is institutional propagation of german values and suppression of the values of the conservative migrants that clash with german ones , these issues will remain . 
  and they 're not racial , but social . 
  though that is only my view on the issue . 
  labiling issues falsely as racial leads usually only to them getting worse and people more stubborn in their respective views . 
  because in the case of kopernikus at least , thinking in the confines of nation states is borderline retarded . 
  to that time neither a polish nor a german nation state existed . 
  it was a better europe , where polyglotism was the norm and german populated cities dotted eastern europe . 
  no that was n't colonialism , they were invited by the respective crowns for their expertise . 
  since kopernikus surviving manuscripts are predominantly in latin and in a few cases german , it is more than likely that he regarded himself as simply part of the european intellectual elite back then . 
  what he did regard himself as is not known in any way though . 
  still his was a better europe where it was the norm to study all over the place and not be restricted by petty nationalistic thoughts . 
  whenever someone claims charlemagne to be either german or french i always shake my head . 
  he was a bloody germanic tribesman , which is fucking neither . 
  the lack of understanding historical context in europe is disturbing . 
  i blame the french for the nation state and the turmoil that this caused . 
  bloody french . 
  no , the eu needs to focus on the eu before going forward . 
  many issues need proper solving , many things going wrong since decades need proper regulations , countries that violate ideals , economics , or enviromental aspects need to be put on proper notice and yes that includes germany as well . 
  a european military can be pushed , but not via the eu . 
  it needs to be bilateral between participating countries , most likely benelux , france , germany and maybe denmark and sweden . 
  if these can pilot project the whole thing without impacting the rest of the eu , interested parties can follow suit and when a threshold is reached , it can be made mandatory via eu . 
  everything else is damaging the eu . 
  the lack of solidarity in eastern and central europe is astonishing to say the least , solidarity in these countries is only known one way and that is in being shown towards these countries without giving anything back . 
  they are decades away to be even considerable for closer political cooperation . 
  western europe , sure we have our differences but ( excluding the uk of course ) we can make it happen . 
  central ( including austria ) and eastern europe , nah mate i 'm good . 
  they can do their own thing . 
  it 's what they want anyway . 
  and that is a problem for europe as a whole . 
  nato was only called to `` war '' once , and that was in defense of america . 
  in the last two decades america proved to be a liability for europe , destabilizing entire regions and leaving the rubble for europe to deal with . 
  now europe is far from innocent on its own , especially britain and france . 
  but nato is flawed that the scales are hugely leaning towards the us and thus nato serves mostly in us interests , which are for a significant part not european interests . 
  an alliance of european nations in an alliance with america would do much to even out the relationship , keeping both america and europe in better check . 
  we all know life is n't that easy , though . 
  and yet the police gets the funds cut again and again . 
  the police ca n't stop criminal clans and organized theft , ca n't stop drug dealing and more than obviously ca n't protect refugee shelters . 
  yet we waste money on the bloody bundeswehr . 
  germany needs to do a france on the nato and abolish all but the special forces and focus the funds and personel where they matter ffs . 
  are you bloody retarded . 
  human trash by choice . 
  did n't know you could choose your ethnicy . 
  why not call me a nazi , would hold about the same amount of truth . 
  you enable human trash with misplaced tolerance of the intollerable and thus are human trash yourself . 
  simple as that . 
  you enable the bloody actual right wingers . 
  well really , both countries should just ( or better should have ) been forced in the eu to massivly propagate irish culture and language in school to at least ensure that future generations can grow up with a common and more or less homogenized identity . 
  ye both irish man , wether they want to be british or not , hardly changes that . 
  but then again this is only my opinion as an outsider . 
  uniting only to cause civil strife makes hardly sense and should be ( and i 'd say would be ) taken into account when negotiating . 
  even if the good friday agreement only calls for a simple majority , it should be possible with all parties at the table after all , to make a possible referendum at least 2/3 majority based , if not 3/4 . 
  neither did they in germany . 
  but strangely the spanish and italian ones , who where as illiterate workers had magically fully integrated offspring that flourished in higher education . 
  it was their upbringing . 
  the turks were good workers do n't get me wrong but they raised one rubbish generation after the other that had every oportunity to flourish yet a significant amount of them failed to do exactly that . 
  and better immigration wo n't solve that either because these people are not immigratable . 
  anyone who is allready did . 
  this is however a social issue . 
  they 're human trash , but only because they bloody choose to be . 
  they take pride in it infact . 
  they 're lost for society and prison terms should simply adjusted for such extreme cases and in general public expenditures for police and co , to limit their impact on society . 
  it 's a shame , but that 's how things are . 
  iirc the president can single handedly order the invasion or bombing of any given country without needing any authorization whatsoever for 60 days let alone something as preposterous as a declaration of war . 
  i 'd get bigly pissed if someone bombed me for 60 days because he did n't like the trade offer . 
  i mean you can use words man . . oh wait it 's trump . 
  no . . no you ca n't . 
  go on then . 
  yet both lack the economic understanding to see why it 's bullshit . 
  the expected answer of a man without sources . 
  who 'd have thunk it . 
  but the overwhelming issue with immigration ( in terms of wellfare exploiting not in terms of dey terk ar jerbs ) is non eu immigration that britain had full control over allready . 
  even worse the uk could have probably avoided a good bunch the low end influx of eu migrants ( i personally do n't buy into the dey terk ar jerbs rhetoric , but there is always a small true core to stuff ) of mostly eastern europeans had they adopted the same stance as most other eu countries to have absolute authority for the first 2 years on admitting migrants from these countries . 
  but britain did n't !, 
  not to mention that they were the ones to pushed for these countries to be included in the eu in the bloody first place . 
  how can the british public possibly have trust that the competence required is available to pull off adequate immigration policies , when for decades their perceived mess was n't because of eu membership , but their own politicians ' ineptness ? 
  i mean bloody honestly they 'd be all but fucking lying to their electorates faces . 
  how is that possibly sustainable ? 
  oh bloody hell people , stop calling migrants gastarbeiter . 
  it makes no sense to integrate a gastarbeiter , because they are meant to stay in the bloody country for a short-medium periode of time and then leave . 
  gastarbeiter are n't unemployed either , because they specifically came to the country on the notion of a job offer . 
  elaborate how a weak eu is possibly stable . 
  everything aside the issue is simply this : the deal for the uk can not possibly be equal or better than their membership in the eu . 
  demanding that is demanding the disolution of the eu as you can apparently reap the benefits without the obligations . 
  yet what is considered as a good deal in the uk is beyond me . 
  in all reality it could n't be a worse deal than their membership , because how woud they sell it . 
  if the majority of brits is n't severely mentally challenged , they would n't swallow it , would they ? 
  germany is merely playing its part in opening the chinese market further for the eu . 
  the simple fact that germany is in the eu allready ensures that anything that can be traded to germany can also be traded to any other eu member without too much of a problem . 
  chinese-german cooperation can only be beneficial for the rest of europe in terms of getting their part of the cake . 
  also the sad fact that i currently trust a china minded china to be more economically reasonable than an orange minded america . 
  i do not claim china supports that in any other form than aknowledging the allready mentioned beneficiary boons of such an economic block . 
  china is simply interested in a strong eu , because that directly translates into chinese profits . 
  a weak eu , worse many destabilized nation states squabbling with each other , even worse war in europe does simply not serve chinese interests in any shape of form . 
  china does n't give a shit about europe . 
  but china does give a shit about china . 
  well i can see two reasons for that statement , both having completely opposed intentions behind them . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  ah , a huge chunk of the population was annexionnistic sure thing bro . 
  would really love to see any sources for that . 
  in direct contrast to france , the german public was not fed constant propaganda in form of revanchism , the german empire stumbled into the war that is supposedly so bloody darn much wanted , without any war goals whatsoever .
