  strange i seem to remember france and the uk opposing the german reuinification and only giving their go by forcing the euro on germany in an attempt to cripple the german economy which eventually backfired . 
  with friends such and these ... german french cooperation is paramount for both countries , but let 's stick to bloody history . 
  french and uk positions shall always serve as a reminder how much germany can rely on europe when it faces hardship . 
  for people interested in a good read : http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/the-price-of-unity-was-the-deutsche-mark-sacrificed-for-reunification-a-719940.html, 
  and here ladies and gentlemen we see why germany is completely justified in its actions . 
  if you do n't give arguments to counter , you approve all of my claims . 
  marvelous that we are in an understanding . 
  good to see i could convince you to support germanies stance on the issue . 
   justifying it for yourself does n't mean justifying it for someone else , and neither does it stop the resentment . 
  you have it the other way around . 
  countries that need support need to justify it to the countries that can offer support and sell it to those countries ' populations . 
  currently fiscally supporting another eu country is basically taxation without representation , as f.ex . 
  the german taxpayer would have zero influence over how this money would be spend in another country . 
  to sell this to f.ex . 
  germany , there 'd need to be deeper political cooperation and loss of sovereignity towards eu institutions for all states involved . 
  i 'm not seeing it though . 
  there is simply no will in countries that need eu support , to blanko check more eu influence before they will receive support . 
  it 's a vicious cycle and may only be broken by germany and the founding nations championing such a system and showing that it works , before others are willing to join . 
  for nordstream 2 , i am in support for it . 
  why ? 
  because i currently have zero trust in the polish government . 
  having poland in a position to possibly blackmail germany via the pipelines especially when it comes to how germany deals with russia is unacceptable . 
  in a reverse situation i find it rediculous how poles apparently think germany would not transfer and sell russian bought gas to it , if poland gets embargo 'd by russia but germany does n't . 
  that germany in general might be able to aquire cheaper gas might be an adequate critique point , but none that ca n't be resolved germany intern with higher taxes to ensure equal market competetiveness for german products if the eu puts on pressure . 
  the us is not a credible alternative for germany to get energy from , neither is about anything else . 
  so germany will be dependant on russia and there is nothing to be done about it . 
  not sharing eastern european paranoia about everything russia related but making realpolitik has been the german position and i do n't see any reason to change that . 
  german influence can easily be held in check with the french tandem once they are on their feet again , but until then suck it up , germany is n't some charity , it is a country with ambitions , visions of the future and aims it tries to achieve , as anyone else is too . 
  i find the notion that germany should somehow be different and cut down their self interest while noone else does , not only bloody delusional , but completely at odds with the supposed democratic spirit of the eu . 
  you have allready all the options to keep germany in check if you can muster enough unity , but the to go way seems to be trying to undercut such a process with demands that germany should behave differently than other countries on the basis of fuck you , that 's why . 
  it is hard to build such an opposition without france or britain but none of that is the fault of germany , nor can anything be done without denying germany the same rights that other countries enjoy . 
  not to mention that other countries are regularily granted opt outs , but once germany does n't want to get along with something that germany does n't benefit from , suddenly opt outs are n't an option ? 
  one does wonder wether certain countries were n't too long under communistic rule to actually having abolished the mentality of wanting to achieve their goals with other people 's money . 
  i am all for european solidarity , but an accountable one , that is in the hands of eu institutions . 
  nothing else is acceptable and if you disagree , well good for you . 
  i sure as fuck wo n't be seen smiling if such a thing gets implemented nonetheless , as my personal impression would be one of ungratefull cunts filling their bellies and scoffing at the meal and insulting the cook for not making a better effort . 
  this might be false , but again to you have said it yourself so adequately :  justifying it for yourself does n't mean justifying it for someone else , and neither does it stop the resentment . 
  as mentioned earlier , this jolly goes both ways , innit . 
  he is referencing the [ strasbourg oaths ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oaths_of_strasbourg ) . 
  neo frankish empire when ? 
  well if you are able to make a statement for all four of those it 'd be interesting to know . 
  you personally , as i 'd like to know wether you see that as a viable and agreeable option to solve disagreements in the eu , wether the czech public could be convinced to see it that way , wether politicians will try to push for such a view if pressed or wo n't due to fear of not getting reelected and thus furthering anti eu sentiments and wether if the czech republic would be in acceptance of the multi speed eu it would be able or willing to go lobbying in the v4 for it . 
  poland is as far as i read quite sceptical about multi speed and fears to fall behind or something like that . 
  so you 'd be in favour of a multi speed union then ? 
  which either leaves the czech republic at status quo at the sideline or in a position to slowly but surely prepare for leave for a swiss or norwegian model , without hindering the eu to move forward . 
  in all honesty i could n't give less of a shit about what the v4 do n't do . 
  if they do n't want to be part fine , but this will disqualify them for further political cooperations ( that apparently are n't wanted anyway ) and part of the funds flowing to them should be diverted to help countries dealing with refugees , mainly italy and greece . 
  not much of the money , mind you , but enough to make an impact . 
  the sooner the eu officials start thinking in a multi speed eu , the sooner things will smooth over . 
  it simply shows several members do not share certain values . 
  thus it is only natural that those members who respectivly share values , grow closer together and improve cooperation . 
  citation needed . 
  it 's quite the opposite actually . 
  the expulsion is widely taught not only as justified , but as a natural consequence of the war , if it is even taught at all . 
  thus i highly doubt your statement . 
  the actions and statements of the leaders of the involved countries further cast doubt about such an assessment . 
  the current czech president , zeman , for example in 2013 defamed his opponent as a sudeten-german , which basically should say enough about the czech stance on the issue . 
  so yeah , please provide me with sources if you have anything to back up your claims . 
  when you name a province after a city that is n't part of your country . 
  gelderland , feels bad man ? 
  technically they were n't genetically modified , but both selectivly bread and crossed with other plants to essentially get them to adopt the , to humans , most beneficial traits . 
  essentially the difference between that and actual genetic modification is that you are in the latter activly cloning foreign dna into the plants dna to achieve a desired trait . 
  this dna can be of bacterial origin for example , so a plant can f.ex . 
  produce a toxin through expression of original bacterial dna . 
  but do n't let that fool you . 
  the way plants are breed nowadays `` naturally '' , is basically shower them with uv radiation until their dna is damaged , thus mutations will occure , and look what usefull mutations you can find and then breed into the next generations . 
  the only issue i personally have with modified crops is the fact that the corporations developing them are artificially making it impossible for farmers to replant part of their crops produce for the next harvest . 
  farmers always need to buy seeds from these corporations and are at their mercy . 
  now that 's like an ` of course they need to make a profit ' thing , but i do not trust these corporations any more than i trust big pharmas to do their best to produce medicaments at affordable prices . 
  just regulate the shit out of these people to ensure farmers reap their due profits and not multi million companies that can afford to actually make a few millions less even though they 'll squeal like pigs at slaughter about it . 
  meh in my experience education in germany is highly dependent on luck . 
  if you 're lucky you get a competent teacher that actually knows how to teach , if not you 're on your own and if your parents lack education themselfs you 're probably screwed . 
  i was low average in math in school due to having a complete dickhead for a teacher for several years . 
  then in university suddenly i was at 1,6 across the board with linear algebra , stochastic and analysis . 
  not least because the teaching had the depth to guarantee actual understanding rather than the surface scratching i had back in school . 
  still laughable compared to what actual math university students get , but more than good enough for me . 
  since i knew a few people who studied to become teachers , one of the main issues is the lack of depth they need compared to actual students of the respective subjects . 
  without depth people usually lack the needed full understanding to be able to teach the stuff to others . 
  if you 're able to explain stuff to others in a way they understand it , you can be certain to have fully understood it yourself , a bad teacher aside from lacking social skills usually is bad because he is n't competent enough in his own bloody subject . 
  the only thing i know is i would never ever in hell again go to a school even on the threat of bloody death . 
  current generations of children have such awful childhoods it is beyond sad . 
  they get flooded with useless information and scratch the important stuff even more slightly , while having a huge amount of free time stripped away due to knowledge growing exponentially and not getting filtered down correctly for the schools ( at least in germany ) . 
  because germany , or rather the german empire , could n't support the number of people due to lack of land . 
  no i 'm not kidding , that was an actual important issue in the late 19th and early 20th century . 
  the german empire lacked the amount of farmland to reliably feed the population , as without being able to fixate nitrogen out of the air , fertilizer was harder to come by in sufficient numbers than one would think . 
  crop failures were common and many people regularly faced the possebility to actually starve to bloody death . 
  when hitler pushed his lebensraum stuff in the 1930s that idea was n't new . 
  infact it was old . 
  living space , as in enough farm land to reliably feed the population , not land for people to build houses to live in . 
  if the war would have been delayed by a couple of years , the mechanization of the german agriculture combined with the now possible synthetization of fertilizer with air nitrogen via haber-bosch , would have completely discredited that dated dogma . 
  well not that it would have changed anything , really . 
  just random facts , because people usually are suprisingly ignorant to understanding that lebensraum was n't just some made up imperialistic fantasy , but a valid ( although imperialistic and violent bla bla bla ) solution to an actual existential problem that many people in the countryside could support as worth achieving , as they still lacked the needed mechanization that would eradicate the problem post ww2 . 
  as i said random information you can as well ignore . 
  so many germans were n't really looking for a better life , but rather fleeing close to starvation like states at home . 
  like the irish and the potatoe famine . 
  that is in my book not really looking for a better life , but doing your best not to bloody die . 
  same outcome really , but i 'd imagine these people actually being much more motivated contributing to the country that offered them a way to survive . 
  these turkish workers were n't supposed to stay in germany after their contracts ran out . 
  the whole affair was not only missmanaged in the late stage , but allready early on . 
  the workers were supposed to rotate frequently , but that lead to people again and again needing to be taught what to do and thus that practice was abandoned .
