  the gays ( or rather certain activists ) for wanting to have a certain term despite allready having a legal equivalent available to them and the opposition for not wanting to open a term for certain people to use . 
  the question however should be , why strive for equality when equity is allready achieved . 
  the whole thing is to drive a political agenda and thus invalidates itself on its own . 
  same thing with women quotas in higher payed jobs . 
  all it does is a disservice for those affected . 
  gay marriage in germany is a non issue for the vast majority , mainly because it allready exists in all but name and people are n't usually petty enough to care about names . 
  yes and these soldiers from said countries have even less interest in actually putting their life on the line when shit hits the fan . 
  they just want their salary and could n't care less about keeping the peace , they only care about them being left in peace . 
  the whole bloody concept is flawed . 
  the eu was always more than just economics and money . 
  britian was one if not the most detrimental force in the eu when it comes to furthering the political aims of the union . 
  anyone who is not glad for brexit who values the european project is bloody kidding himself or does n't know what he 's talking about . 
  the eu is better off without britain . 
  money is n't an issue in the slightest . 
   cut them loose , let 's watch them burn . 
   i 'm done caring . 
  like an impossible teenager they need to be cut loose and make their own way because they do n't seem to care about reality literally europe after the brexit referendum . 
  mate to claim the high ground after the shitshow of the brexit campaign for all of europe to see , i do n't even know how you 'd be able to do that . 
  i literally ca n't think of a single thing that would outweight the deliberate destabilization of the eu to solve domestic problems by your ex bloody prime minister and the bloody other side that did n't have a concept to deal with the actual thing they were basing their entire existence on achieving . 
  currently your position is a hundred miles below sea level , filled to the rim with shit . 
  easy , they 'll say russia is willing to partition poland . 
  ca n't say no to that . 
  the turks did n't migrate they were gastarbeiter . 
  the whole thing was n't to benefit germany , but to safe turkey that could n't feed its people and on the order of the americans to get turkey to join nato . 
  in all fairness these workers should have returned after their `` usefullness '' , that was n't that big in the first place , went down the drain . 
  unintegrated turks , that have low education and ca n't find a job are of the opinion they are entitled to be fed by germany , because their grandparents `` basically build germany '' . 
  which is not only factually wrong , but simply shows the mindset of these people . 
  every turk that is integratable is allready integrated , anyone who is n't will never be . 
  the issue lies not by germany , but the bloody people not willing to integrate , yet not willing to move to turkey either . 
  and before anyone throws a fit about my `` claims '' , [ sauce ] ( http://www.faz.net/aktuell/feuilleton/debatten/integration/gastarbeiter-die-kunst-des-missverstehens-11502703.html ), 
  i for one am in full support for this new trial to implement the death sentence . 
  it might not be the most humane way to put someone to death , but i 'll do . 
  well of course they probably want to do something that ca n't be done without the multi-speed methode . 
  closer cooperation in which form ever , be it military , foreign policy wise or maybe even some other political form , ca n't possibly be done with anyone from the north , east or balkans . 
  in these regions there is either no will , no interest or no capability to act as a partner on the same page yet . 
  and even in the rest of europe , a select few are genuinly interested in such cooperation . 
  hence the only way to shape the eu via ever closer union , is to get stronger , step by step , via building up a small core and exanding it in due time , but also sensibly . 
  it could also have been a simple side effect of the refugee crisis , that the politicians are now more closely aware , how ... diverse , the member states truely are , politically , culturally and in terms of values . 
  or as you said , it could also be nothing at all . 
  election candy mayhaps . 
  the npt would n't even be the most important one here , but the 2 +4 treaty article 3 . 
  germany refrains from possessing biological , chemical and nuclear weapons . 
  if you start ignoring that part , you can as well declare other parts null and void with the respective implications . 
  short , it wo n't happen . 
  after all france allready offered germany a joint nuclear arsenal once and it was declined . 
  american nuclear weapons on german territory in american bases ( which are legaly american territory ) are a simple loophole that most germans ( and the parliament by the way ) are opposed to . 
  as far as i can tell it 's about the realization that with the rapid expansions of the eu there are now multiple elements present that are either not interested or not qualified for closer political cooperation . 
  it would thus be best if the countries that are both interested and qualified for closer political cooperation are seperately able to do so and thus create a multi-speed eu . 
  a multi-speed eu economic wise would make no sense whatsoever . 
  the subsidaries to build up weaker economies are after all a basic principle and benefit everyone in the long term . 
  it 's the right thing to do really . 
  only way the eu will move forward politically without risking even more instability . 
  lem me guess , in greek dolphin is `` water camel '' ? 
  kangaroo is `` jumpy camel '' ? 
  elephant is `` nose camel '' ? 
  greeks do love their camels , huh . 
   riksdag * heavy breathing *, 
  any idea wether those low german words originate from the livonian order or the successive influence of the hansa in the baltic sea ? 
  either seems plausible to me , as the livonian order was more or less north german entirely as opposed to the teutonic order . 
  because afghanistan was n't just a war . 
  it was an invasion without any previous attacks by afghanistan on the united states . 
  it showed that despite being a supposedly defensive pact , it can easily be used by america to validate their wars of aggression . 
  and what was achieved in the end . 
  they did n't even find the man they deemed guilty for attacking the us and why they started the whole invasion in the bloody country they invaded . 
  this set a bloody fucking awful precedent for future invocations of article 5 , but well that 's none of my buisness , because next time people hopefully take to the bloody streets before that happens . 
  yes bilaterism is impractical when it comes to the amount of countries you mentioned . 
  as i said , a few countries with similar visions should pilot the whole thing outside the eu . 
  if interested countries reach a certain threshold , it can be made mandatory by the eu , abolishing the whole bilateral stuff . 
  currently the desire for an eu army is only present in a select few countries and a step by the eu to impose an army is contraproductive at best . 
  european countries must be shown a working alternative that benefits the participating countries and ideally strengthens overall cooperation in these countries too . 
  the eu is simply too big at this point to further political cooperation until enough economical equalisation that will take decades is achieved , so other pet projects need to be done unofficially first to show respective benefits and bring countries to follow suit . 
  that 's more or less the current reality of the eu , see refugees . 
  yes today we by chance live in adequate times , that are still time and again challenged by nation states going full retard . 
  a europe of normal states where your ethnicity would never have mattered probably could have developed in a similar state more smoothly and overall better . 
  yes i am aware of all the racist crap that went on in europe regarding non europeans . 
  jesus people let people have their fantasies . 
  yes people back then for the most part were fucked and i did n't mean it quite that way , but i do admit it was n't worded very well on my part . 
  the thing i meant was the spirit of states to aquire skilled labour no matter the origin . 
  sure if we 'd move a few centuries down the line , but not too far where nation states come into play , so where we 'd have a good portion of religous freedom thrown into the whole thing too , it would be even better . 
  that nationalism lead to diversity is in my opinion simply wrong . 
  regional identities still exist in many nation states and continue to form the people . 
  be it ( polish not the small german minority ) silesians in poland , literally any german state , the few things left in france such as bretagne , the occitan stuff etc. 
  these things back then were even more numerous and beautiful than today , nationalism played a good part in destroying them , supressing the undesired . 
  the nation states in and of themselfs have more or less put nothing much on the table . 
  in some countries regional identities got all but wiped out . 
  i 'm not saying nation states are per se bad , it 's just that they more or less were useless and only born out of strife to combat other nation states that sought to supress their respective ethnicy . 
  nowadays it is useless trying to go back , the deed is allready done and you ca n't reverse . 
  nation states will time and time again be the cause for strife . 
  people are simply too easily swayed in the face of economic hardship to not listen to nationalists who want to provide easy answers to complex issues and while normally people would n't believe such crap , throw a `` make our nation great again '' in there and they 're hooked . 
  there is always room for improvement obviously . 
  the point here is though , that often `` institutional racism '' is n't that , but another thing that is necessairy . 
  migrants from countries with an educational system that is n't comparable to the german standard often leads to their children underperforming in school . 
  this is a social issue and was supposedly tackled some time ago via supporting these children in school with additional courses for language etc. 
  still the issue remained . 
  why ? 
  because conservative migrant families do n't appreciate their children `` losing '' cultural or linguistic ties that sometimes follow them being good in school . 
  they supress their children at home and try to get their own ultra conservative world views into these children , leading to clashes of these children in german society further down the line . 
  racial profiling certainly is a thing . 
  but annecdotaly the people i know with a migrational background are fine with it , because they are n't bloody blind . 
  it sure as hell is n't nice , but it does pay off to some extent .
