the franks were allright until they started speaking this pseudo latin bullshit . 
  the oaths of strasbourg kinda point that out rather nicely . 
  to be fair there was an attempt to call the bombing off , but since the he-111 is reeling in its antenna before a bombing run , only a few could be called off and only a few more saw the red flares to call for abort by german paratroopers due to bad vision from earlier fighting . 
  so it could very well not have happened by chance , no matter a sooner surrender or not . 
  but usually life always gives you the worst luck in the worst situations , so ... 
  `` we have known each other many years , but this is the first time you 've come to me to truly discuss our relationship . 
  i ca n't remember the last time you invited me to your house for a cup of coffee , even though i am godmother to the ireland peace project . 
  but let 's be frank here . 
  you never wanted my friendship . 
  and you feared to be in my debt . 
  some day , and that day may never come , i will call upon you to do a service for me . 
  but until that day , consider this exit deal a gift on scotland 's independence day . '', 
  nah mate i do n't see anything mafia-esque . 
  imo you 'd use a notl\u00fcge if there was a situation that would cause strife over something that you intend to and indeed can fix down the line without an issue for anyone , or indeed in a situation where you have to lie to prevent ( physical ) harm from someone/yourself . 
  a social lie , so that the food is good while it is bad or that a dress looks good while it is actually ( in your opinion anyway ) shitty , is at least to me unusual . 
  for the first part , mate i pay them money to have a good experience , if they made a mistake fair play , but i 'll tell them so they can improve and if it is really shitty treat me to a fixed version . 
  for the latter one , i myself want an opinion if i ask someone about such things , idle chatter or stroking my ego is of no use to me . 
  my girlfriend is the same . 
  she wants my opinion and often enough i do not agree , but she gets it anyway because she loves it . 
  we still have a discussion about what i dislike and she likes about it , but in the end she has all authority over how she dresses , but now we both have deeper insight about the other 's taste , which is often enough crucial for gifts to brighten days with suprises and stuff . 
  did n't even know the anglos had a word for such things tho up until now . 
  i did know however that you ca n't trust americans no matter what , they lie to your face about how you look , wether they 'll come to visit you and call you close while you are practically strangers . 
  i however have not experienced this personally , only proxy through my sister that lived in america for a year . 
  not saying that it is bad , cultural differences and stuff . 
  you do if you have no leverage whatsoever over your opponent . 
  it is silly indeed to bring such a thing up in european politics , but it just shows how valuable the eu is , where all members ' interests are looked after equally , preventing exactly the petty squabbling we have here . 
  the eu is right to protect interests of a member against a third party country . 
  nothing more to it really . 
  i do support spain in wanting to clear a tax haven in a bilateral agreement with britain though . 
  as far as i know ( which is about 1mm ) the take clay rethoric rather comes from britain , than spain . 
  projecting your world view on others and stuff . 
  mate i do n't blame you or any easterner or their countries for anything , there is nothing to blame anyone for . 
  it is just bloody tiresome with the position germany is in . 
  everyone wants germany to do stuff it and the population does n't want to do . 
  and if one finally gives in all you get in return in complaining and accusations . 
  it was so when germany was n't as politically active and it will be so again when germany ups the military . 
  and it does n't benefit germany , at bloody all . 
  a 2 % spending is simply rediculous . 
  the current spending is allready more than enough and the rest missing to the 2 % would be direly needed on the police force , not the useless military . 
  everyone buying into this rediculous cold war build up bull is just being played . 
  if shit really went south what do you expect to happen ? 
  if atomic weapons do not prevent russia from doing anything , a bigger military will ? 
  hell russia allready is n't a match for the brits or the french alone , yet we need even more ? 
  a 2 % bundeswehr would have retarded proportions . 
  full nazi pointing out that britain and france behaved in the 90s like pieces of shit still living in the past ? 
  i know self reflection is rare in certain countries , but this is rediculous . 
  stop projecting yourself on others like mr. erdogan . 
  the thing is , the politicians have zero chance to change the german mentality on their own . 
  our military is still capped by agreement with foreign entities . 
  the world expects germany to act as an independent nation when the world apparently does not trust germany after all . 
  you want germany to pull its weight , give us a reason to . 
  as long as we are not trusted to run a military without foreign imposed restrictions , why should we bloody care at all . 
  even if russia was to take over the east , they 'd have zero initiative to go farther than poland . 
  as long as the us and eastern countries are both in the same alliance , there is zero reason for germany to gear up , russia wo n't do shit . 
  either way , germany having a bigger military would anyway only lead to entanglement either in french/british ex colony issues or in the east with russias interests . 
  what does germany actually gain from that ? 
  answer : fuck all . 
  not a single eastern country would lift a finger for anything regarding germany . 
  hell literally no country would lift a finger . 
  if your own safety was n't on the line , you 'd be up in arms about german remilitarization and fighting tooth and nails to prevent it . 
  germany hopefully stands with spain on this one . 
  i could n't care less about gibraltar , but we did n't forget britain butting in on german reunification and trying to prevent it . 
  now , we should repay in kind . 
  try to push , your bloody island finally needs to understand its irrelevance . 
  you know a pissed off remainer working in said area ( though i do n't know how realistically such a thing is in that demographic ) . 
  or simply someone who is n't a cunt and wants to show the world and foremost the people of his own country how fucked up their intelligence work is ? 
  if the us has people like that , gb probably has too . 
  in the case of the f-16 pilot , the commanding officer or possibly the officer in charge of aquiring intel should get the blame . 
  this was after all a mission ordered , not the pilot bombing someone on a whim . 
  there is a difference between damage that is `` collateral '' and a soldier executing a defenseless enemy . 
  soldiers naturally are under stress , in combat more so . 
  but this does n't excuse crimes . 
  the `` they 're doing it too ( or they do n't do it ) '' mentality has escelated wars and mounted the casualties since forever . 
  the nations did sit down and agree to aspire not to do that , no matter what , aka the geneva convention . 
  which has no legal obligations that can be enforced by anyone by the way , it is still up to each country to do what it thinks is right . 
  the western countries have to account for their soldiers and mete out punishment where it is due , even if that might seem unfair for someone who stood on the battlefield . 
  the point here is , that these people choose to possibly be on a battlefield , possibly get into a situation where they possibly commit a crime that maybe every 2nd person in said position might commit . 
  they accepted that possibility when becoming a soldier . 
  a soldier that should stand for the values of the country he fights for and thus naturally should accept such a punishment if he remotely understands said values . 
  human rights are universal , to question this essential understanding and leaving it up to nations to decide will always only make way for abuse . 
  a soldier needs to be protected by his country so he can do his job . 
  but that ca n't serve as a blank check to receive hardly any punishment for misconduct . 
  criminals need to be punished , wether they are soldiers , politicians , police or a mass murderer . 
  the station and circumstances if not exceptional ca n't matter in a trial and punishment . 
   come under attack and to find the little fucker that tried to kill you , i 'd put a bullet through his head which would make you a murderer , if said enemy is allready wounded and defenseless . 
  that guy was n't a bloody conscript pressed against his will , he signed up for a job fully knowing what that meant . 
  he was a soldier for years allready . 
  he chose to be there ( in the military ) , he chose to murder an unarmed , wounded enemy . 
  he knew he commited a crime and did take steps to cover it up . 
  at that point he lost any right to be viewed as a better human being than the taliban he killed in cold blood . 
  thus i strongly disagree with you personal opinion . 
  and while i do n't want to get personal here , i am more than a little bit disgusted about your call for sympathy and understanding for a murderer , but that as well is just my personal opinion , which you are free to disagree with . 
   in a german prison we could hinder or monitor them better , to stop them from radicalizing others . 
  you do not have any idea how many criminals get radicalized in prison , [ do you ] ( http://www.zeit.de/gesellschaft/2017-01/radikalisierung-islamismus-deutsche-gefaengnisse-praevention-terrorismus ) . 
  you are beyond bloody naive . 
  deportation is justified . 
  only people with citizenship can expect to serve their crimes in germany , dual ones and non citizens should expect to be deported for terroristic activities that are aimed against germany or crimes that go against the german constitution/values . 
  petty crimes do n't get you deported anyway and most likely never will . 
  there allready is a system in place that allows for same sex unions to have the same legal rights as a marriage has . 
  at this point both sides can be called petty .
