  aye only like 8 made it to elwynn forest where ally raid of 25 was quickly formed, 
  not sure if op is trolling or needs medical help, 
  lucky bastard !, 
   only use newegg, 
  sorry , i forgot that reddit does n't know that usa is n't the only country on earth . 
  5830 here , rest in peace brother o7, 
  not sure what to write so here is info about llamas - the llama is a domesticated south american camelid , widely used as a meat and pack animal by andean cultures since pre-hispanic times . 
  where x  0, 
  not with that attitude !, 
  blue dot master race !, 
  almost everyone i know has skype . 
  almost everyone i know has never even heard of teamspeak . 
  your point ? 
  lore-wise dalaran is alliance only , tho they said they wo n't update it in-game for now . 
  as someone else mentioned their azeroth is doomed already because without the conflicts like the scourge war evil entities like yogg saron can cause damage and no one is going to raise to stop them . 
  let me put it this way - this azeroth is the same as ours but the orcs didnt invade like they did in warcraft i - everything is okay for like 30 years until lets say yogg saron breaks up from his prison ( something we do n't have anything to do with and will happen anyway ) but this time there are no heroes to stop him . 
  he either corrupts the entire planet or algalon sends a signal to the titans and they go ahead with the whole begin a new plan which will ofc kill everything on the planet a reset it to the default model ( which is also corrupted but no one will be alive anyway so who cares ) this is just one of example . 
  haha without the mighty broxigar we would indeed be doomed , but as you said that was 10,000 years ago . 
  in wod we returned only about 30 years in the past or somewhere before the start of warcraft i , nowhere near the ancient battles for the well of eternity . 
  shh you will scare him away !, 
  i can get 25 fps in my garrison on my $ 100 stream 7 win 8.1 tablet which is really weak spec-wise so its safe to say that you can run it . 
  also sasquatch would be your grandad , so there is that . 
  he will come back . 
  they always come back . 
  consoles are better anyway, 
  indeed !, 
  he is daenerys and khal drogos son !, 
  wait , there is something else ? 
  too bad that wo n't happen again . 
  you can do wasd with a single touch by the looks of it . 
  a little ancient but my fav is wow, 
  looks like me when i try to talk to girls . 
  email too , its a must !, 
  also add sms protection if you are able !, 
  silly summer childs ... 
  someone is playing ot nost , eh . 
  what ? 
  yup , real life does n't look that good !, 
  actually there are only world of warcraft and world of warcraft : warlords of draenor . 
  all of the other expansions have been merged and no longer exist on their own . 
  ( even tho this has been so for same time already ), 
  lol good job lightslayer with that team kill , you showed them !, 
  `` i can see noises '', 
  op is a damn racist !, 
  do we really have to post this every day . 
  i mean how many people really care about every fokin beheading that happens in saudi arabia ... 
  too bad it isnt bad rats 3, 
  you !, 
  i like you !, 
  i fight for dorne !, 
  who do you fight for ? 
  time lord tech confirmed . 
  hope they release it for android too . 
  there are other countries outside of us ? 
  white walkers ca n't melt valyrian steel !, 
  hardhome was an inside job !, 
  a song of ice and fire, 
  was n't dalaran a city-state back then ? 
  there can be only one !, 
  they only ban the wow account . 
  if you have multiple wow accounts and they ban one of them you are still free to use the rest . 
  rip op 's friend, 
  too old, 
  judging by doctor who , things just do n't end there . 
  they will have hard time flaying them tho . 
  3 +10 = 13 years old, 
  depends on what type of keyboard languages you 've installed on your computer - i 'm not russian , but i have no problem reading their names . 
  he even looks like he knows nothing . 
  why are you downvoting him , ofc its less than half ot stannis 's army , not all of it took part of the assault on the wildling camp . 
  the fact that this is 1/2 of the attacking army does n't mean its 1/2 of the whole army . 
  compared to usa , all but 3 countries are small ... 
  taking part in a war does n't make you evil . 
  there is not enough tin foil in the world for this ... 
  op is feeling depressed but everyone is sad because they came too late for the giveaway and did n't win anything ... 
  are you a hacker ? 
  there are two kinds of paladins - those who bubble-hearth and those who lie . 
  the ruins of southshore wo n't really fight back tho . . 
  hey its me ur brother, 
  do n't give them ideas !, 
  is moradin level 60 yet ? 
  thank mr skeltal, 
  sha is up ? 
  dk 's are already 1/3 necromancers so highly unlikely . 
  4491 starting a new rig soon and that gpu would be a great start, 
  why yes lets just wait until its done and its too late to be changed , what a great idea op !, 
  one cat 50 msk , two cats 75 msk !, 
  you buy cat ? 
  no one cared who i was until i put on the mask ... 
  well the scourge hates the legion anyways and are natural enemies . 
  also the other two undead factions - the forsaken and knighs of the ebon blade - will be present in this expansion . 
  on a pink unicorn !, 
  in memory of pinchy . 
  then why the hell are they still in nato if they are refusing to do shit when its needed ? 
  he is more scary when shirtless !, 
  there is no b in hearthsto ... oh, 
  just like garrosh and nazgrim are standing next to vol ` jin in the throne room . 
  still better love story than twilight, 
  * throws money at monitor *, 
  so you could open one, 
  are you fighting against a spider or something ?
