  gaming company making games ? 
  how dare they !, 
  it does n't matter at what time this was posted - may i remind you that the usa is n't the only country on this planet and that redditor could be from somewhere else . 
  actually connie , like all other living beings , has blood and after damaging it the bloods starts oozing and leaking out of it . 
   feelsbatman, 
  ca n't feel it , it doesnt run ... 
  freeeeeedooooom pajagasm, 
  freeeeeedooooom pajagasm, 
  freeeeeedooooom pajagasm, 
  freeeeeedooooom pajagasm, 
  freeeeeedooooom pajagasm, 
  freeeeeedooooom pajagasm, 
  freeeeeedooooom pajagasm, 
  dirt rally would be nice . 
  thanks for this giveaway op !, 
  ofc sargeras is out there and scheming , he is invading and fighting against many planets at the same time , azeroth is n't the center of the universe afterall !, 
  is n't that going to be a nerf for the challenger ? 
  what 's the point , it the best case scenarion he is just going to be disabled from the neck down for the rest of his life ... 
  they ca n't ban you when you can just reset your ip and create a new account !, 
  why hello there forsen !, 
  hey twitch staff ( \u00b0 \u035c\u0296\u0361 \u00b0 ) \u256d \u2229 \u256e, 
  [ reminds me of this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7x9qw1ksyis ), 
  from his point of view its just gone forever . 
  not yet ... 
  actually you can temporarily lose eyesight during hard physical work - happend to me on my first legday . 
  it wouldve been way scarier if i did n't knew that could occur . 
  go home blizzard , you are drunk !, 
  never lucky !, 
  rose-tinted glasses ? 
  yeah i did n't totally just play that ... * cough * therearevanillaprivateservers * cough *, 
  cucked by lea once again !, 
  thank you for your service !, 
  gachigasm, 
  meh , back in vanilla few full 40 man raids would gather there for the dragon head buffs . 
  for dem kidz gachigasm, 
  have you seen their taxes ? 
  not with that attitude you ca n't !, 
  but in the end you end up being the evil troll yourself ... 
  my $ 100 tablet runs skyrim better than this ... 
  you are always welcome here gachigasm, 
  clearly a proof that forsen is using viewbots gachigasm, 
  are you the hacker known as 4chan ? 
  savagesen !, 
  nothing gets past / u/sburdosburdo gachigasm, 
  i remember him trying to be the first one to reach max level during the first few wow expansion . 
  did n't like him back then either . 
  and thats all of the cgi budget for the rest of the season . 
  thank you sir gachigasm, 
  deleted tho i think that will just leave more forsenboys confused and the views that he gets from here will be minimum anyway . 
  if anyone wants to rehost it ill be happy to link to it . 
  i 'd love to visit his dungeon gachigasm, 
  yeah right , ask those poor pre-wotlk night elves that tried to level in elwynn forest from level 1 . 
  the walk from wetlands to elwynn takes shit ton of time itself , let alone the whole walk from sunstrider to bb . 
  we shall fight them gachigasm, 
  generator, 
  and what about the [ retribution-class dreadnought ] ( https://i.imgur.com/oao2pzy.png ) ? 
  edited, 
  thoughtsteal solves all problems !, 
  up to 5k actually . 
  vanilla 3000/2500 for that much mana cost ? 
  even with dragon sinergy it 's pretty bad as it is ... 
  they should make a hearthstone rts !, 
  the technology is just not there yet, 
  that explains the time travelling . 
  is n't that the symbol of the silver hand on the shoulders and the waist ? 
  valeera is in stormwind during the final phase of the scourge attack before the beginning of wotlk and can also be found at the battle for undercity, 
  currenly she ca n't be found in wow but that will change [ once legion comes out ] ( http://wow.gamepedia.com/valeera_sanguinar ) . 
  so just like everywhere else ? 
  oh no he killed athene, 
  do not hesitate . 
  hm made me wonder are those the same trees that were lifted from lordaeron , transported to northrend , then to kalimdor during mop ( ?? ), 
  and now to the broken isles ? 
  thank god , i knew you would let people get 3\u00a04/2 s with charge in one turn ... oh wait, 
  yeah dalaran was a city-state kinda thingy in lordaeron , just made me wonder how far those trees have travelled ... 
  well its not that short ... 
  but is she friendly ? 
  you think you do but you dont . 
  you think you want my $ 15 dollars but you dont, 
  you think you do but you dont, 
  lets `` greet '' him !, 
  while this is true , the server did have 10k + players at peak times ... 
  you think you do but you dont, 
  you think you do but you dont ... 
  you think you want order halls but you dont, 
  you think you do but you dont, 
  also why is everyone here a little bitch and downvoting you, 
  how about r/wow stops acting like the little bitch it is and actually face the problem or atleast realise the fact that all people have opinions ? 
   world pvp has never been more alive, 
  ah those poor retail players ... 
  its over boys , the ipads will replace the pcs . 
  its just advanced shitposting, 
  so its looking somewhat like the vanilla character stats panel, 
  fun detected, 
  so it like me sending my facebook to random strangers in wow ? 
  but why do they send it to random persons , even if we somehow had this qq thingy why would we care for what they have to say ? 
  yeah they / w us . 
  even end the text with sorry to bother so they know they are spamming us but i dont understand what they are spamming me with and therefore the point of it, 
  as if i could forgetti . 
  the dwarf at the end looks kinda sad, 
  someone got this like day 1 .
