wait , aang was n't there !, 
  is it me or this is the spirit of the penguin from the first episode of tla ? 
  i see 3 upvotes and 1 downvote on the background !, 
  your punishment must be more severe !, 
  still better world event than theramore ... and it 's not even world event !, 
  playing on my old laptop , my computer is broken atm : (, 
  sure , i fully understand . 
  i 'll post it on / r/mlplounge asap . 
  do n't f ** k with blizz !, 
  ahm i did n't do anything . 
  i was just leveling archaeology when i saw this . 
  again , i did nothing wrong . 
  i was just leveling archaeology when i saw this . 
  can you ask him if the guard spawning system that was introduced in cataclysm will remain in mop . 
  city raiding is n't fun anymore . 
  nope , i 'm using razer naga and my keyboard so no clicking ^ ^, 
  no , the 90 % bug was on patch 5.0.4 not 5.0.5 !, 
  who cares , this is the funniest thing i 've seen on this sub for a while !, 
  go watch yu-gi-oh the abridged series and you will get it !, 
  curse you man ... curse you !, 
  same for my ghoul !, 
  i can send you one , pm email !, 
  i can recruit you and provide help and gold if you need . 
  pm if you are from eu region . 
  i can recruit you if you need help and gold . 
  pm if you want . 
  i can help you level and send you gold . 
  pm if me if you are from the eu region . 
  show some respect for this turtle , show some respect !, 
  this post is for r/wowscrolls !, 
  no gm jokes , memes , rage comics/faces . 
  i was able to fly in tol barad for a brief few minutes after 5.0.4 came out . 
  wait , does n't thrall means slave ? 
  i got mine on the first run :d, 
  better post it on reddit !, 
  the avatar has returned !, 
  apples ... 
  i suck at that ... 
  it 's going to come after us and we are going to be the prisoners !, 
  you just made my day !, 
  can you go to the wrathgate and tell me what are alexstrasza and her consort they talking about ? 
  not really , i 've been there ( glitch , i wo n't tell you more about it * lowers voice * ) and its just an empty space . 
  i see what you did there !, 
  he is the chosen one !, 
  i could see that coming !, 
  so we can grind scarlet chain set ?!, 
  not a single word to everyone else , we must keep this in secret !, 
  yeah i got connecting problems too  <, 
  lore guilde for wow :, 
  - read lore books, 
  - play warcraft 1,2,3 ,, 
  - ready every quest in the game, 
  - take your time to explore azeroth !, 
  30 days costs like 40 000 gold mate :d, 
  they are working on the next expansion and the other one after it , just as they always do ... 
  we were created by the titans and we are on their side . 
  the burning legion and the old gods attacked us because of that reason !, 
  just make a ticket and they will refund you right away !, 
  you are one evil sir or madam !, 
  this is space panda , not space pandaren !, 
  if you call a pandaren '' panda '' it 's like calling a human '' monkey '' !, 
  what if outland is on the other side of azeroth and you just discovered that d : * keanu *, 
  lordaeron is human territory and the forsaken has reclaimed it !, 
  they are forcing the living citizen out of there , while it 's their territory . 
  the land belongs to the scarlet and argent crusade !, 
  so yeah , i do n't click on anything . 
  i just only read news and etc so should i worry about this ? 
  yeah i got an authenticator and the problem is gone.still no idea what caused it . 
  '' ... if you have an authenticator then there 's for someone else - even someone with your username and password - to log in or disconnect you '', 
  i contacted a gm about that and that 's what he said . 
  i think it was just an internet problem . 
  as the gm said even if they had my account info they eould not be able to log and they would 've stopped at the authenticator log therefor it 's not possible for someone to disconnect me from the game even i he has my account info !, 
  sha is up ? 
  shado-pan exalted reward i think, 
  that happy ending !, 
  uhm ? 
  the normal reward is 19 gold . 
  the wowhead info is wrong !, 
  atleast the achievement 's name fits the case !, 
  happy cake day \\ o /, 
  eagle eye !, 
  this is the most retarded idea i 've ever heard !, 
  heeey sexy lady !, 
  try vanillagaming, 
  the triple dot ... 
  human -  forsaken -  ghost -  ghost v2, 
  was n't there a way to change your pose and save it ? 
  that 's why they ca n't have nice things !, 
  the vanilla ones are sadder !, 
  what about pinkie pie and her '' fingers '' have n't seen that idea around here . 
  someone could do something with that and lyra crying about it . 
  one time we were winning wsg 2:0 and i wanted to check my score ... 
  guess what happend ... 
  human prot warrior, 
  i remember dying there on my dk while defending it against the elementals and the next time i logged the park was already destroyed . 
  good memories . 
  if you are looking for a scroll of ress i can send you one . 
  just pm . 
  eu only btw , 
  i got the same gm whisper and i gave them my account info !,
