  4.52 seconds is not enough time !, 
  i beg you increase the time window !, 
  ok guys , we need to sit and talk about this ... 2,364283 seconds is just not enough time for this post to be updooted . 
  imo the time must be increased to atleast 7 seconds so we can have a spooky halloween and all posts could be equally updooted #alldootsareequal, 
  me too thanks, 
  420.69 - now thats a reasoable and dank at the same time amount of time given for updooting this meme . 
  thank you op !, 
  include me in the screenshot, 
  that 's it , i 'm done . 
  fuck this subreddit . 
  it 's devolved into a mass of retarded copy pastes and face palms . 
  the quality of posts has been declining for a while , but this is the last straw . 
  that 's it . 
  i 'm done . 
  i 'm uninstalling the internet , chopping off my dick and moving to fucking antarctica , at least the bacteria there will be fucking smarter, 
  do you like what you see ? 
  this post is wrong . 
  if you go play vanilla on a vanilla server right now with you current pc the graphics will be much much better than those showed in the post . 
  yeah the post is wrong . 
  graphics looked way better in vanilla if you didnt play on your damn toster ... 
  wait ... you little shit, 
  hello am 48 year man from somalia . 
  sorry for my bed england . 
  i selled my wife for internet connection for play `` conter strik '' and i want to become the goodest player like you i play with 400 ping on brazil and i am global elite 2 . pls no copy pasterio my story, 
  [ because of this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mcel0gz.png ), 
  edward ? 
  if you have them how could she be wearing them ?!, 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  i agree , something is not quite right ... 
  ~ ~ damn those new users ~ ~, 
  me too thanks, 
  they either moved the servers to russia or will just ignore cnd letters from blizzard like the rest of the server ( remember that they stopped the servers on their own will and could 've just ignored the cnd letter ), 
  to pieces !, 
  can we transfer our nost chars to the fresh realm ? 
  you da real mvp !, 
  i guess , really wanted to play my nost main on a realm that has mostly nost players tho ( not that i have anything against elysium players ), 
  feeling kinda bad for elysium players not being able to keep their names because of us : /, 
  as far as i remember buying ships is for and only for supporting the game , with the ship as a nice bonus for your contribution . 
  so i see no problem with them selling them with 90 % discount if they wish to do so !, 
  are we sure elysium staff can afford such powerful servers ? 
  having no cap requiers expensives servers , no ? 
  yes , they are required to send a c&d notice because the private servers are using their copyrighted contend and if they dont protect it they will lose it ( the very nature of copyright ) other than that blizzard does n't care about the private servers unless they are used for profit . 
  hey , i was kid once ... 
  while i do dislike alex he did indeed told his viewers to leave towelie alone but that cuck still got alex banned, 
  well op , now that you are single you will have more time for star citizen atleast !, 
  end of 2xxx, 
  i guess only 1/20 of the playerbase will be from the original elysium so no need to worry , you will have plenty of english speaking players, 
  you can get a pc that will destroy the current consoles for less than 500 $ and you will need 1/2 as powerful pc to run vanilla so you are fine . 
  chess is ruining our children !, 
  star marine is going to have 2 maps in 2.6 right ? 
  vanilla is dead guys , moove on ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  this . 
  while i would really like a big clash in barrens this is n't why we are here and proper stress test must be the priority . 
  ~ ~ tfw you are always late for gold trains ~ ~, 
  me too thanks, 
  keep in mind that blizzard must and will send cease & desist letters to servers because it must protect its copyright claims , but wo n't commit too much resources shutting servers unless they make money out of it ( like wowscape ), 
  either all chinese are blocked and unable to play at all or we give them another realm for them only . 
  not our problem if they do n't enjoy playing with their countryman . 
  ah yes the polished team fortress 2 copy , such a unique game ... 
  op said that the previous user had a skin disease and has already passed away : / so there is that, 
  prot is kinda slower but you can fight against 3 mobs of your level without a problem, 
  / who shows the players from both factions ( talking about the 10160 people found ), 
  i am still keep mine on my desk to this very day, 
  we just have to wait for die out and no one will able to stop us then * evil laughter *, 
  yes, 
  ` bout time for cig to absord the remains of crytek, 
  we salute you fallen bro o7, 
  `` do n't feed the trolls , cuz they mean and hurt yo feelings but it 's only cuz they have sad lives themselves and try to bring others down but do n't let them do that to you cuz you stronger than that man ... you stronger than that . '', 
  top 10 most violent anime deaths, 
  russia isnt trying to take over - russia and syria are allies and have defense agreement . 
  why does it seem strange to you ? 
  while russia was invited by syria as an ally to help , im not sure if usa has any real legal reason to be there ( i dont mean to sound anti-us here ) , let one set up a no fly zone over syria . 
  no , the cituation isnt like ukraine , syria has asked for russia for help . 
  not true , my ip is dynamic and changes every time my router restarts and i did n't have any problem . 
  im normaly using my phone as a model because it has faster internet and it was giving me the same error until i tried using the normal internet . 
  someone always has to comment this when this image gets posted, 
  naxx is wotlk, 
  its literally from there, 
  release date will be announced on 25 dec. 
  just use the 24 hour clock like a normal civil human ... 
  what ? 
  sure i 've been , still love to poke those silly na people with their silly wording . 
  pretty sure everyone uses the 12 hour clock in their daily life here in europe too ( people in my country we use both 24 and 12 hour clocks equally ), 
  oh right , not really following on the tbc releases , tho those memes are hard to miss . 
  last once was the corecraft right ? 
  [ you rang ? 
  ] ( https://www.facebook.com/warcraft.aa/?fref=ts ), 
  fleeting doggo is gone anyway , nothing else matter anymore : /, 
  is it in the window of the house ? 
  take it boy !, 
  go play on chinese server if you do n't like it here then !, 
  just vpn ban them , they can go create their own server if they want to play . 
  i say lets give the russians their own realm , this was their server to begin with !, 
  the chinese on the other hand should all be vpn banned , if they want they can create their own server !, 
  this , when you see those fucks just report them !, 
   multiboxing is not allowed and refers to playing multiple characters simultaneously . 
  whether this is done via 3rd party software , alt-tabbing between instances , or by running multiple machines , does not matter . 
   the only exception is that you may have up to two characters in the same major or goblin city temporarily , for trading , crafting , conjuring and portalling purposes . 
  source : https://forum.elysium-project.org/index.php?showtopic=21966, 
  if only,
