  now i 'm 100 % sure that my account is safe and nothing is going to happen with it , 
  farewell mate !, 
  hope you get back in wow soon . 
  azeroth awaits !, 
  sure pm me with realm and character name and ill send you one right away !, 
  aion twist ? 
  really ? 
  more like diablo 3 twist ... 
  i play on ad-eu too . 
  got a 85 level pally there !, 
  most likely another war with the burning legion and maybe two new races from one of the others planets that are fighting against the legion . 
  lol , that voidwalker is totally photobombing you :d, 
  draenai home planet ? 
  - not bad idea, 
  algalons message did go out and now we have to stop the planet from being destroyed by the beings that algalons contacted . 
  - they would instantly destroy azeroth if the got the signal , no way to prevent it . 
  new space xpax . 
  not outland but like space space . 
  - that 's what i think it will be , one of the other plantes , which is under attack or are enemies of the burning legion !, 
  that 's the main wow storyline after all , the old gods area always in the core of the expansions . 
  they are n't going to finish that storyline anytime soon . 
  the only thing i recall is fighting with the other balkan countries against the ottoman empire and pushing it back, 
  check your box , 
  check your box , 
  no problem mate , welcome back to wow !, 
  okay !, 
  they said they are n't going to do it like 10 times : / that makes me really sad :(, 
  not sure why you get downvoted but you are totally right , the blood elfs are joke in wow and arent as epic as they were in war3, 
  knights of the silver hand / argent dawn / argent crusade, 
  uhm where is the 5.1 trailer btw ? 
  thanks for respoding !, 
  that 's some bad news , i was looking forward seeing 5.1 trailer . 
  my name is warlock and welcome to jackass !, 
  warcraft 1  warcraft 2 + expansion  warcraft 3 + expansion  warcraft books  read the quests, 
  where are the benches ? 
  i need those to rest when i 'm totally broke after one day playing the action house !, 
  my name is garalon , welcome to jackass !, 
  check wow-professions dot com . 
  i 've been using this guide since i started playing wow and it 's really useful !, 
  i think that 's the gnome spy from earlier post who said '' death to the alliance '', 
  i do n't know about you but in this part of europe it 's 17c, 
  i think occupying a whole town near the capital city is her problem too . 
  it 's more like a war situation , than a friendship one !, 
  '' still the best machinima clip '' please tell me more how this clip is better than tales of the past 3 . 
  i would love to hear that !, 
  sometimes when i 'm bored i start new alt on a full realm just to see the guild invites rain !, 
  wan na join my guild btw ? 
  upvote for you good sir !, 
  better late than never !, 
  and this is how we run as fast as possible and never come back again !, 
  i heard of a guy who named his shaman '' stormfuhrer '' think he was german and in german '' fuhrer '' means '' leader '' if i 'm not wrong and '' stormleader '' is pretty awesome name , but blizzard made him change it because he was reported : /, 
  i got this bug back in wotlk !, 
  i would love to be a human !, 
  forever alone wood log lol !, 
  75,000 now !, 
  face the might of the goatwing - king of the liches !, 
  are both of the quests removed now ? 
  * wrath of the lich king, 
  -- frozen throne is the warcraft 3 expansion, 
  since when is warz a game ? 
  well most of them are still much ahead of the rest because of the 20 % mount speed passive, 
  indeed the lich king prepared his forces , but it was arthas who stopped him from releasing full out attack on azeroth, 
  did someone took a bloody screenshot for all of us that are late for the party ? 
  yeah i did n't get that part also . 
  thank you kind sir !, 
  that happens when you do n't pay the rent !, 
  really nice pet indeed !, 
  jk :p gratz on your new mount :d, 
  came to the comments to point that !, 
  ... and he dies and the whole thing starts again ... 
  merry christmas to you too , 
  and remember one thing - one does not simply quit wow permanently !, 
  see you soon ... 
  access denied, 
  you do not have permission to view this page . 
  thank you kind sir !, 
  good point !, 
  wetlands , oh god all those horrors i saw there as a level 5 night elf d :, 
  i know that feel bro !, 
  ceiling cinder kitten is watching you wait for lfr !, 
  i cri 5ever bro , 5ever !, 
  buy gold ore , smelt it , cut it into coins , ?? 
  even wow understands me ... 
  what 's with the downvotes ? 
  when people do n't get the reference they just downvote you ? 
  wow has too many timelines !, 
  damn 3 minutes late, 
  i always build big and strong walls around my house . 
  your lack of walls disturbs . 
  smashing !, 
  isle of conquest , which was added in patch 3.2 , would like to have a talk with you !, 
  drops from vancleef , leads to stockade , which later leads to quest chain with the corrupted stormwind nobles !, 
  actually the letter gives you the quest '' the unsent letter '' which leads you to baros alexston in stormwind and than leads you to stockade !, 
  baros alexston sends you to si :7 and they send you to elling trias who was agent before he retired . 
  it 's a trap !, 
  pandaria in a nutshell !, 
  dog, 
  fishception !, 
  my friends in a nutshell . 
  grand travel form,
