  ah did n't know that , their names are so similar and this tech is something i would expect from bohemia interactive . 
  seeing that they chose him - no , no they dont deserve better !, 
  yeah thought the same, 
  not our problem !, 
  yes, 
  the problem is that nostalrius/elysium devs does n't seem interested in combating the gold selling in any way ... 
  this is r/wowservers not r/happynewyear ffs ... post in your sub !, 
  ^ ^ ^ jk ^ ^ happy ^ new ^ year, 
  people are just salty as always ... its the internet afterall, 
  man you do n't remember all the drama ? 
  people were batshit crazy that half the people on nost were bots and stuff ... good times !, 
  blizzard continues to think that thier players are complete retards ... 
  top of the line shitposting !, 
  he is just hearing the four knocks ... 
  thank you suzerain , those who are breaking the rules must all be punished !, 
  especially the gold buying/selling scum !, 
  its a reference from doctor who series . 
  the main character - the doctor - was told that his end will be come after four knocks ( or something like that , watched those episodes years ago ) also his last words were `` i do n't wan na go '', 
  why is that ? 
  what is this nerf ? 
  my text here is on a white background so ... 
  trixie, 
  blood ... your blood ... 
  nostalrius devs said that they are keeping that one and wo n't release it to the public, 
  thank you for your time and work nano , take care man !, 
  its drake and josh, 
  but its the memest of the meme classes, 
  its a realm , you will see it next to the pvp and pve realm once its released, 
  pottu stop being such a little cuck and ban all fucking china vpns, 
  new and refreshing concept, 
  use it or no balls, 
  we are talking about a closed internal market here, 
  and they do n't stop coming, 
  people will always argue about this vc dungeon ... 
  nost pve and pve are now anathema pvp and darrowshire pve, 
  as someone who has done all his homeworks alone, 
  im sure this new core has nothing to do with nostalrius core, 
  the king is dead , long live the king !, 
  i hate that they put pve/pvp behind it , everyone can see what kind of realm it is , no need to put it in the name . 
  its the end of the world, 
  lul even retail cucks know whats up, 
  i almost never see below 30k players tbh, 
  since the beginning of world of warcraft , many ages ago , you can check which realm in pve/pvp/rp / rppvp on the realm selecting screen . 
  this has not changed . 
  there is no new pve ** realm ** . 
  both new realms - elysium and zeth ` kur - are pvp, 
  the original nost realms are as follow :, 
  nost pvp is now anathema, 
  nost pve is now darrowshire, 
  more like stv flashbacks, 
  was n't that pegasus ? 
  but this is a clickbate title . 
  he really does that much dps ( with or without hacks anyway ), 
  top ten anime deaths, 
  there was a problem with deadmines ? 
  well they send you to the cook, 
  mine is shrek 2, 
  all chats expect for / s must be restricted until you reach level 8 atleast , it 's not like you need that much communication in your first levels anyway . 
  minor inconvenience but it will reduce the spam at least . 
  someone is downvoting this thread for some reason, 
  he borks in heaven now :(, 
  srsly ... that happens only on few places , im sorry you are losing all those 2 mageroyals , hope you can live with that ... 
  isnt it kinda too fast with pretty bad effect ( it would be much better with instant damage instead of a 30 second dot ) ? 
  my bad , sorry . 
  was thinking about destiny 's 2.6 attack speed for some reason . 
  bork in heaven brave pupper !, 
  no , all realms start at 1.2 , anathema is the furthest one at 1.8 atm, 
  its honor calc day and they did state they are doing restart ingame , do you want a personal phonecall or something ? 
  yeah same here . 
  you get automuted from some keywords . 
  mute gets lifted in few hours tho . 
  dont use all caps !, 
  thank you !, 
  gear is pre-1 .4 , 1.4 is dire maul which isnt out . 
  we are currently on 1.2, 
  badly damaged american mustang p-51 falling down ( battle for pearl harbor 1941 , colorized ), 
  damn did n't think there is something more shitty than this guild , but you proved me wrong good sir !, 
  but isnt the db for vanilla and wotlk too ? 
  whats so special about the tbc one ? 
  the link you gave has db for vanilla , tbc and wotlk and the mangos for all of those plus cata, 
  isnt that cody ? 
  why hath god forsaken me, 
  he will learn to fear our combined strenght, 
  yeah sure , if he feels like it !, 
  its the same on the other realms too . 
  hell its the same on the other servers too !, 
  its the cycle of hatred , not a new concept . 
  sleep tight ducker, 
  on which yeti did you get your rod ? 
  i guess elysium since the other names are familiar, 
  so thats what girls go through every month ... 
  which part did you not understand ? 
  sleep tight pupper, 
  yeah at that point we might aswell just let them ddos us !, 
  big brother ed ... 
  no , in wow we use ptr for this stuff so pte will mean something different in this case ( and it does ), 
  their lifespan should be around 50 years - which is pretty much the average age of most of them . 
  mfw vanilla cap is 58, 
  did you even read what they are doing ? 
  smh , tbh fam dis underage cancer is lit af rn,
