  arms ? 
  use imgur if you are going to be karmawhoring so atleast we get some chance of actual result you giant piece of shit !, 
  like / u/sh00ter999 said you can just take the parts she doesnt need and replace then with older stuff , its not like your mom will need all of those 32 gigs of ram , and you can put a 750ti or something like that and take the 1070, 
  oh no , i ment he should do that after asking his mom and making sure she is ok with it and she wont need the parts . 
  of course if his mother is going too need those parts he shouldnt touch them . 
  i ment that if she is watch movies or browse websites ( like my mom usually does ) then she wouldnt need such high-end hardware , 
  hello darkness my old friend ... 
  yeah , i 've been wondering that even since i saw their name , looks bit weird !, 
  is n't the red spiky hud made to resemble the original vaandul hud `` glitching out '' before being replaced with the human once seconds later ? 
  tbh it `` stopped working '' ( wonder why , wink wink ) like on the second day and they never fixed it . 
  got ta use that time lord tech mate !, 
  this is fan art right ? 
  bonus points for not kicking it , i know i would in your place ... 
  as / u/noespark has already mentioned thats a pre-alpha footage . 
  almost everything will change once the game goes into full production with much bigger team , which is completely normal for game with this type of funding . 
  pre-alpha footage is usually used for proof of concept and drastically changed later on . 
  so you have nothing to worry about , the chances are that it will be changed completely . 
  also you can use the forums or the discord to voice your opinion on the matter as the devs do listen to feedback . 
  this is vanilla naxx tho, 
  at 0:38 you can see the plagued big mushrooms of eastern plaguelands , also it shows previous battles like mc/bwl , aq and zg , where were the one before naxx patch . 
  also the next trailer in the line is black temple . 
  why is stream offline already ? 
  he literally states that in the tweet you have linked ... 
  answer the call : 2016, 
  thats i not ii ... there is an hd version of ii, 
  more like, 
  * sells 580 , buys house , car and a sli 1080ti build *, 
  the funny part is when the gif loops and 3.0 is set back , just like real 3.0 is put back with a week each week, 
  i see someone is waiting for his ban to expire, 
  srsly , this post in this sub ? 
  if anyone you guys should know that it takes long time to release games , just because you saw a flashy trailer of some new game doesnt mean it was n't in development 5-7 years prior . 
  and just because dayz has an open development and is not out 3 and a half years later doesnt mean it wont be finished and that they arent working it . 
  and its not like there is n't a fucking big all caps warning in the very picture you 've uploaded that the game is in early access and not ti purchase unless you want to support development . 
  if you do n't want to support the game - fine , but for the love of god stop with this shitposts and let them do their fucking job !, 
  i play on vanilla wow server btw !, 
  my old pc has a 3550k , thats one hell of a good cpu, 
  haha good one mate ... oh wait you are n't joking ... 
  bad acting lul, 
  i have a chinese macbook knockoff that is cheaper than this and has better specs then it , also dual boot with android 5.1, 
  me too danks, 
  i hope we get something more armored and with stronger weapons that ursa rover, 
  is n't it the same thing nostalrius/elysium did/are doing with using the correct stats for the current patch ? 
  you mean 7gb of vram ? 
  also do n't they run different debugging tools and stuff that also slow the game ? 
  i guess they could force either the isp or the host he was using to tell them his real name and address, 
  nobody knew hosting in us could be so complicated, 
  go back to retail you scum !, 
  but you dont ... 
  there was a planned version of it which was a 100 megatons of pure death !, 
  retail is this way, 
  well i mean he isnt wrong, 
  leveling as retri is super easy to me tbh . 
  only hunters are easier to level imo, 
  retri is pretty good for leveling , you got good heals , somewhat high dps . 
  i can easily fight 2-3 mobs my level at the same time , never had problems doing quests even above my level . 
  its a bit boring , but really easy imo, 
  his name will echo through the ages ... 
  / u/waterguy12 check this one dude !, 
  / u/waterguy12 you should check this out, 
  / u/waterguy12 should see this, 
  kinda doubt it , elysium did hype up with that dark portal turning green shot , i doubt it was just because there will be a tbc server . 
  im 100 % sure they will allow transfers to tbc server one way or the other . 
  this trailer isnt overproduced tho ... 
  happy birthday bro , am i invited ? 
  inv me , healer , good gear, 
  i have a hi10 pro and it has n't let me down so far, 
  he will find another job pretty fast , dont worry about him !, 
  why do you even bother saying spoiler if it just after you say the thing you are spoiling , 
  just like in any other mmo game ? 
  by using chat ? 
  mmo 's have been around for more than 20 years and we 've been usign voip for stuff like raids for more than 10 years so im not sure how is this any new problem ? 
  by the looks of it its getting disconnected pretty soon, 
  because new ui is cancer and i use fullscreen anyway, 
  why not just buy a house 4head, 
  you know that more than 2000 nuclear bombs have already been tested on earth right ? 
  woah woah woah , you ca n't actually suggest the mods do their job correctly and stop doing those half-assed second-grader level attempts . 
  calm your self op, 
  yup , there was a pool on which 85 % of the subreddit said no to org fairs . 
  if mods ca n't take a no the door is this way -------- , 
   your civil and mature feedback is , as always , much *** appreciated *** . 
  maybe use your brain first before doing stupid mistakes ... 
  i 'm giving you shit for making an avoidable mistake and the slow response time of correcting it . 
  it was clear that majority ( 85 % according to the poll ) of this subreddit did n't want this from the very beginning and yet you took your time with it . 
  stop making shitty memes than , eh ? 
  i see you support the one true king !, 
  yeah i agree , but i think its too late to change the graphics engine now, 
  \u25d5 _ \u25d5 remove atv, 
  this does n't include tournament items right ? 
  this does n't include items that were sold during cs : go championships cologne/columbus/etc . 
  right ? 
  what happend for it the archieved is what he asked ... 
  scour * g * e in * va * sion ^ ^ ^ ^ sorry, 
  are pioneer items still optainable ? 
  where can i see which ones are still optainable and which are discontinued ? 
  thanks for the info !, 
  o shit waddup, 
  `` i wish you good fortune in the wars to come '', 
  i 'll get you the battlechest , but you will need to have at least 2 months gamecard . 
  i 'm alliance on eonar eu, 
  i got disconnected like 4 times on the final lfr boss and while i was doing dailies .
