   you are aware that finland fought on the nazis side , are you ? 
  well the way i see it is that for finland to fight on nazis side there must have been an enemy that is literally worse than hitler . 
  only when short on cash . 
  damn . 
  sometimes europeans are just plain unreasonable . 
  seems like ww2 was a big deal in your country . 
  did anything interesting happen ? 
   truly , do some people here live in a bubble and have no idea how things are in the rest of the world yes ? 
  same thing with comparisons where the country is always literally north korea ( freedom of speech ) , greece ( economics ) , or which ever country that makes it to headlines with negative news . 
   an ugly affair where most of the almost 40 000 victims died in prison camps and executions . 
  i think about 10 000 died in battle , rest were executed or died in camps , many of them after the actual war was over which is the fact that still pops up now and then . 
  so yeah , without soviet invasion finland would probably still be a devided country . 
  tallinn actually . 
  but you are right , higher taxes are immediately visible in personal import statistics . 
   but if booze is extremely expensive such as in finland , it is affecting people 's ability to drink . 
  yeah , that 's why the finns are renowned as the moderate drinkers of europe . 
  so what does being nr 1 actually mean in finlands case in my opinion : tobacco : some taxes , ban on advertising , display , public smoking , vending machines and snus . 
  i 'm actually totally fine with all that . 
  and i was fine with it when i smoked also . 
  i 'd even raise the taxes . 
  e-cigs : i 'm on the fence with e-cigs so no opinion on the ban . 
  food : high taxes , yeah true , but then again everything is taxed higher if you want to live in a country that has nordic model . 
  so it is expensive but lowering it means taxing something else . 
  drinking : taxes are a bit too high as in taxes are lost due to high amount of importing from other countries ( estonia ) , also the policies around drinking are way too strict . 
  i 'm fine with banning adverts . 
  but all in all this is the only real nannying problem finland actually has out of those subjects . 
  there is a negative connotation that is around the expression of the nanny state but when for example viewed through tobacco laws there are very few negative effects but huge benefits in `` nannying '' , specially for people who do not and never have smoked . 
   it 's not scaremongering to say we maybe should n't be in a club where its members display such animosity to us and ca n't wait to see us fail . 
  while you try to hinder a lot of things that the club wants to do , demand for even more special privileges from the club , and in fact you might not even want to be in the club because it 's such a shitty club . 
  you do realise that these kinds of rhetorics can be used in all kinds of ways ? 
  the theory of uralic-altaic languages has been rejected for quite some time . 
  come on that 's not fair , russia is n't communist anymore . 
  actually `` basic finns '' would be closer . 
  but the most laughable thing about their name is that officially it is the finns . 
  i mean i am a finn but i would not want to be associated with these asshats . 
  well you use populism on voters to get to power , but if you apply same methods and messages while you are in power you 'll get kicked out of the cabinet quite swiftly . 
  ideologically true finns are absolutely nothing like the party they were one year ago ( or the party that the voters thought they were electing ) . 
  you are right . 
  most of the rest fought in the same side as stalin . 
   even better how is it better ? 
  better than what ? 
  are you happy that some country fought another one ? 
  i do n't get your point . 
  yeah i recently did read about one incident where they saved some innocent girl . 
  funny thing is that the business owner where the incident happened and police who were called to take the evil ones away have no recollection of it ever happening , go figure . 
  well yeah , the alliance against the soviet was obviously after the pact fell through . 
  nope , if you really think finland had the luxury of picking sides during wwii you know very little about it . 
  it it was a demand made by the soviets in the peace treaty . 
  sort of yeah because of common enemy . 
  allied also had a sort of alliance with the soviets so germany was the only one who could actually help finland . 
  later in the war however finland fought to kick the germans out of the country . 
  i accidently peeked at the comments section , i wish i had not since that kind of agressive stupidity can not be unseen :(, 
   if only they had invested in a decent state-owned nuclear power program while state finances were good ( labour were in power for the whole pre-crash period ) , we could enjoy nice cheap and clean electricity like the french . 
  not state owned but we ( almost ) did that with 3rd unit in [ olkiluoto ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/olkiluoto_nuclear_power_plant#unit_3 ) tldr : construction started 2005 , was scheduled to go online 2010 , current estimate 2018 . 
   i get your point , but using hyperboles like this one serves no purpose . 
  it really is a cultural thing ( and incredibly annoying and stupid ) : in finnish discussion everything that you do n't agree with `` obviously '' makes finland similar to either soviet union , north korea or which ever african nation that is not doing too well . 
  i know people do that elsewhere too but in finland it is on a level of its own . 
  edit : oh and greece , whenever public debt is discussed then finlands debt is always at the same level as greece in very near future ( it is below average in europe ), 
  that 's some weapons grade trolling , altough in the case of nurmi the swedes do deserve it ... 
  still feeling the effects of the 2008 meltdown , some key industries are having hard time exporting , meltdown of nokia ( altough lately that sector has had good news ) etc. 
  so several small things piling up . 
  and to add insult to injury the russian sanctions are hurting finland really bad at excactly the wrong time ( while everyone agrees that they are the right thing to do ) . 
  hey you must work for our current government because that 's excactly what is done right now . 
  in theory yes but many times other factors come in to play on long term that nullify the effects ( like adjusting wages according to diminished purchasing power ) . 
  also devaluation is n't automatic , if currencys value decreases due to markets then it is depreciation . 
  yeah it is weird but in this case it is not finlands ' rate that is off . 
   the main problem is that the finnish economy is n't competitive with germans and most other europeans . 
  compared to germany the cost of labour is lower than it has been for a while . 
   if we had our own currency , this problem would be easily solved by devaluing the currency not a lasting solution . 
   devaluing our currency would be huge especially for the russian trade because they really ca n't afford out high euro prices at the moment . 
  the problem with russian trade is political , not economical . 
   sweden did n't and they 're doing much better even though everybody said that not joining would be a disaster for them . 
  and before the current crisis sweden did worse than finland , should n't that be attributed as a reason to stay in euro ? 
  finland has practically zero rate anyway so that option is not usable by default . 
   a big thing is us being currently unable to devalue our currency , like enezukal mentioned below . 
  currency devaluation is only a short time solution , its effects are not lasting if the underlying problem ( whatever it might be , it 's debatable ) is not fixed , so it really is not an answer . 
  yup , thats pretty much what i said earlier . 
  we are currently slowly recovering from financial crisis , no need for nato yet . 
  also whether eu is quick enough or not does not change the fact that nato and its treaties do not cover eu . 
  not every member of eu is in nato , also nato can only deal with military threats , not economic or any other sort of crisis . 
   standards for a free society are universal , history does n't really matter in this context . 
  no , it is quite obvious they matter in this context . 
  we live in more liberal world ( on average ) than ever because people in the past wanted it . 
  also , standards for a free society is definitely not some weird time honored unchanging standard , also to state that we at year 2016 got it right would be quite arrogant of us . 
   mankind is not enjoying a liberal world order at all . 
  something like 15 % of global population enjoys that , and that covers the countries that i 've mentioned . 
  so which time period in the world history was more liberal than this one ? 
   almost seems like the eu needs the equivalent of `` emergency drills '' to practice how to act should a real emergency happen . 
  usually this means that there should be some sort of governing body that uses special authority at times of emergency instead of wide spread consensus that is used in `` normal '' times . 
  problem is that same people that are keen to accuse eu for inaction during crisis are the same that oppose any transferral of power , even for a limited time . 
   yes , but it 'll take years for that to affect as we 'll have to wait for other countries currencies to inflate . 
  it has been historically low for several years already . 
   our public dept will be at greece 's levels before that happens . 
  no it wo n't , this is just your regular fear mongering that is really common in finland right now . 
   not to mention that it wont help us compete against germany , one of our main competitors in exports . 
  finland has already improved its competitiveness significantly compared to germany ( and sweden ) by not rising salaries like those countries have . 
  well with finns you could probably achieve that in the middle of helsinki also . 
  true , also the coastline structure with all the islands and underwater rocks is not really ideal for big ships ( unless ofcourse used from great distance ) . 
  yeah and alankomaat is quite literally the netherlands so i guess we decided to actually use the correct names . 
  yeah it is belived to be .
