  you sure do have loads of copy pasta about gay people stashed away , do n't you ? 
  you are peculiarly passionate about this and personally i would n't rule out that you are just projecting you own insecurities but i could be wrong and it 's certainly not relevant here . 
   had you transcended into my realm of thinking aka / r/iamverysmart /  you 'd realise that fry is , whether you like to admit it or not , implying that homosexuality is ( morally ) ok because other species do it too . 
  but sadly not in that quote . 
   if that is not the case then what is even the point of quoting fry ? 
  why not quote trump 's `` i like kfc '' or whatever and be done with it ? 
  because `` i like kfc '' has zero relevance on the issue . 
   get ready for this , pea brain , ok let me have it !, 
   fry is arguing that we should accept homosexuality ( i.e. 
  stop being homophobic ) because other species of animals like causing pleasure , micro lacerations and internal bleeding by entering the exit of their gi tract . 
  oh no , what a disappointment again :( / u/brazzy42 already tried to explain you the quote but what the hell , i 'll take a stab at it : the quote does n't take direct stance on morality or acceptance of homosexuality , it attacks the argument of what is natural and what is not . 
  even if you ignored the explanations you could have taken a hint from the fact that op above me was addressing the very same issue . 
   how you like dem apples bucko oh my god you are so cool !, 
  i bet you are imagining yourself riding in to the sunset after shooting all the bad guys and delivering that kind of one liner . 
  so you took another shot at understanding the quote and again failed miserably . 
  what makes the failure more spectacular is that it actually happened even after someone explained it to you . 
  only explanation i can think for this is that you are not being serious . 
  edit : ok according to post history you are serious and curiously interested in gay issues . 
  well too bad that even with your obviously huge brain you completely missed the point . 
  well in my opinion eu still has the moral high ground on the actual issue , but obviously if countries are not treated the same then that opens a whole new problem . 
  one way for this particular situation to dissolve is that countries agree to void the treaty , and that 's perfectly acceptable outcome compared to unilateral withdrawals . 
  no , that 's not how it works . 
  poland voted for it . 
  i understand that , however if parliamentary elections were a valid reason to unilaterally break a treaty then poland should never make treaties that span over parliamentary term . 
  i do realize the willingness of reversing a treaty but it 's very dishonest for people from poland and elsewhere to use eu or germany as scapegoat on issues their own country is to blame . 
  so sure , poland can unilaterally break the treaty but poland and polish people need to understand that the treaty was agreed by poland , so whether it 's legally possible or not to for eu to act eu has the moral high ground here . 
   i 'm not going to vote for the lesser evil . 
  worked well for the americans . 
   romania , the czech republic , slovakia and hungary voted against accepting mandatory quotas . 
  after the vote , slovakia 's prime minister said he would not accept the new quotas . 
  finland abstained from the vote . 
  ** poland , which had opposed the proposal , voted for it . 
  ** oops ... so we have countries like poland to thank for these immigrant quotas ? 
   without telling anyone a bit off-topic but relevant : starting next may an eu directive that will make this part illegal will come to effect . 
   `` at least 260 species of animal have been noted exhibiting homosexual behaviour but only one species of animal ever , so far as we know , has exhibited homophobic behaviour -- and that 's the human being . '', 
  `` so ask which is really natural . '' - stephen fry, 
  28 , but i 'd imagine dr. freud might have an opinion on me misreading the question and giving \u00c5land to denmark ... 
   secure your borders . 
  secure your borders yeah , otherwise the borders might inexplicably move . 
  and all the right-leaning people that were against putin are now praising him and worshipping trump !, 
  did i do the generalization correctly ? 
   coffee drinking is croatian national sport !, 
  so like a hobby then ? 
  we got coffee breaks in most collective agreements , we take that shit seriously !, 
   the same for some goods in finland ( before the rouble dropped ) . 
  doubtful , since you 'd have to factor in the price of visa too . 
  that 's the same reason why nobody goes to russia as a vodka tourist ( well that and the limitation of what you can import ) . 
  also contradicts the russians that were actually asked why they came to finland just to buy everyday household goods . 
  nope , those are real tourists . 
  vodka tourism from finland is towards south , and it 's nature is for the pricing , not the availability . 
  russians buy expensive finnish groceries because you ca n't get them from russia . 
   give them money so they can spend it on western goods just like russians who incidentally go through the trouble of applying for visa and crossing the finnish border just to buy western goods . 
   eu is suffocating if not killing local weak industries . 
  yet their economic output and standard of living is improving . 
  why are weak industries more important than those things ? 
   young people leave because they have no jobs . 
  estonia has lower unemployment rate than finland or eu in general . 
   we are not aggressive . 
  but we lost our economy with a great help of west . 
  that was your own doing , stop trying to shift the blame and own up to your own mistakes . 
  with the current economic crisis in russia west is very much involved . 
   1 . the smaller the country the easier to reform , the less money is needed to help sure it 's easier , but it 's 100 % impossible to reform if you lack the will . 
   2 . https://worldview.stratfor.com/article/baltics-emigration-and-demographic-decline i do n't know what your point is . 
  sure , increased life expectancy and decreased fertility are pretty predictable outcomes when standard of living increases significantly , happened with finland too . 
  yes , some people move out of those countries like they do from russia , the difference is that it 's so much easier for them to move than for russians . 
  not just by marrying foreign man or being rich and moving out with your capital . 
  i do not blame . 
  so your point is that you messed up your economy , and that 's why it 's logical to be aggressive towards west ( and some other places too ) ? 
   and you can not compare us to estonia or latvia . 
  it was rather easy for the eu just to buy them . 
  it might have helped a bit but eu money does not explain their success , not even close . 
  but you are right , they can not be compared as such : they lack the huge natural resources russia has . 
  so you basically blame the west on decisions russia made itself for itself . 
  that 's just sad . 
  anyway , purchasing power of average russian salary has gone down significantly lately . 
  russian people can just look at former soviet countries like estonia on what could have been if they 'd chosen another path . 
   short period while we have some rose hopes about it has ended . 
  yes , for a short while the west thought it could have a normalized relationship with democratic russia , but obviously that thinking was just naive . 
  well we know better now , russia can not be trusted . 
   the western world does not need an independent and strong russia . 
  russias strength or independence was never at stake , that 's just your domestic propaganda speaking . 
  its democracy and agressiveness are the major issues . 
   may be , too scared ? 
  no , just realistic , we now know better . 
   it is your right though . 
  and it is your right to make russia `` independent and strong '' instead of making the lives of russian people better . 
  yes , never in the history of mankind has a country been treated so badly , you poor victims . 
   i find scaring that finland is considering the possibility of having to deal with `` green men '' , crimea-like . 
  you got it all wrong : it 's actually to protect the green men from accidently coming to finland and get hurt . 
   gdp/hour worked in hungary is like , what , a quarter of austria ? 
  but there is a simple solution : [ coffee !, 
  ] ( https://f.hypotheses.org/wp-content/blogs.dir/253/files/2014/07/selection_023.png ) just do n't overdo it like us . 
   yes , it is , though i would put more blame on the founding members . 
  of what ? 
  the coal and steel community ? 
  fyi that treaty has expired . 
   you should never create an organisation without a proper plan for those leaving . 
  uk was there for the creation of eu . 
   so why did n't they create an exit procedure set in stone right at the beginning when ? 
  i doubt they had the crystal ball to predict the necessity .
