  cool . 
  ok no pointing the us , but can you at least point to where in this thread i resorted to whataboutism ? 
  of course russia is not popular here , and russia can only blame itself . 
  but i really could n't care less if you want to point at the us or anybody else and accuse them of stuff ( providing you can at least begin to prove it ) , what i do care is that whataboutism is basically great means to justify terrible acts in the world . 
  russia being disliked here also means that there are huge number of russian apologists ready to jump in to action with whataboutism . 
  the situation is probably different in world news . 
   i would have mentioned france and its hypocrisy directly , no need to blame the usa . 
  yeah well any country is fine as long as we can shift focus from whoever is been accused of whatever . 
  most important thing is to try to move the conversation as far as possible from the original subject so that we can concentrate on the more serious subjects like `` who is the hypocrite here '' instead of petty stuff like war crimes . 
  whataboutism is basically saying that it is ok to do the crime if someone else possibly does it too . 
  finding out who is hypocritical or not , or who has maybe done something else somewhere else seems to be much more important issue than actually engaging the subject at hand . 
  yeah that 's the normal procedure when foul play is suspected : investigate the suspect , but for diversity 's sake investigate some other alleged crime somewhere else . 
   or you are just practicing in whataboutizm this is the correct answer . 
  rules of r/europe state that if russia is mentioned then someone needs to volunteer to wave their hands frantically and scream `` what about usa ! '' . 
  also immigration must be mentioned in at least 80 % of the threads , nevermind the topic . 
   good job on ignoring that part about economy pre ww1 wait !, 
  there was a point ... nope , still nothing . 
   soviet us cold war wink wink yeah nato definitely prevented all the proxy wars from cold war wink wink  because those were royal families and they had waaay to much power back before ww1 . 
  ... and ? 
  even repeated it still has nothing to do with the argument . 
   turkey and greece is separate issue completely . 
  because it does n't fit your narrative ? 
  those who do not learn history are there to repeat it . 
  are you serious ? 
  maybe hit the history books to find out that military packs are not as ironclad as you seem to think ? 
   sides who fought ww1 had rules literally in same family and that did n't stop war . 
  why do you assume that being from same family is the same thing as different countries integrating with each other ? 
  it 's not . 
  obviously member countries like turkey and greece do not have the level of belief in nato as you do . 
  economical and legislative integration is much more binding than military alliences , compare the relations of two nato countries greece and turkey with age old enemies inside eu . 
  also modern military or nukes do not stop wars , they just prevent some ( = very few ) countries from being attacked . 
  otherwise world peace would be close already . 
  and this does not conflict with my statement above . 
  obviously , with a bit of common sense : integration in the eu framework has made it so that by attacking your fellow eu member you are effectively shooting yourself in the leg . 
  this has never been the case before . 
  right now ? 
  can you mention any point in history where the countries that make up eu have been at peace for this long ? 
  do you honestly think this has happened by chance just at the same time when the countries are getting closer ties in the framework of eu ? 
  germany is absolutely not the root of the problems in greece . 
  replace the word integrated with the word war . 
   how about intra-eu economical conflicts ? 
  like germany-greece ? 
  while you can debate what is the right way to do things do you really think that germany giving money ( with strings attached ) equals to a war ? 
  or even a trade war ? 
  because that 's what you are implying . 
  that 's not how the eu works , and for the time being it 's not even how it should work . 
  united states of europe could do that but eu should not , no matter how noble the causes are perceived . 
  edit : individual countries are a different matter , they can and should put diplomatic pressure in these matters . 
  for that to happen all the countries in the eu need to have identical opinion for the matter . 
  until that happens it 's just dishonest to blame eu for not acting . 
   uh lol ; more blind apple fanboys who think apple control the market when it 's 20 % market share in reality nope , the sentence you quoted has a lot of truth in it . 
  but you seem to have an emotional reaction to that fact , i 'm guessing you 're a fan of a different brand . 
   no it was n't , they 'd have made several times more money just by holding over the next 10y and doing nothing . 
  right , because after the eventual closing of the mobile branch in next few years would have definitely helped the stocks . 
  you know they do n't fight with swords anymore ? 
   russia is n't nearly as strong as many think it is this is true . 
  they are very strong , no doubt about that , but they are actually weaker than what you would imagine when looking at their strength on paper . 
  for example just few months ago putin had to purge a lot of high ranking officials from their baltic sea fleet due to the fleet just being run terribly ( and they tried to cover it up ) . 
  actually bathroom towel racks can sometimes be connected to tap water . 
  i do n't know ... why would russia not distance itself from soviet union by denouncing it ? 
  the sad thing is that putin is definitely not the worst that country can offer . 
  not directly , but it again underlines the fact that you just ca n't trust russia . 
  that in turn hurts the whole country far in to the future . 
  i know you guys do n't like experts but the fact is that germany is the top dog . 
  and very few want to see them fall . 
  public is more interested in punishment , while the experts might lean more on avoiding repeat offense . 
  issuing open license to kill will definitely make it not a 3rd world shit hole . 
   i fear brexit will make this harder . 
  actually i see it as quite the opposite : the city is such an important part of uk economy that it can and has influenced uks stance on eu directives on financing . 
  if the eu wants to have another go at large corporations and banks it does n't have to worry about uk neutering the legislation in the process . 
  fair enough . 
  well done then junker . 
  that 's a different matter , my comment was about the reason they originally came , not what happened 20 years later . 
  also , most of the wellfare that you view as problematic is paid to ethnic finns . 
   the humanitarian immigration is mainly welfare immigration source ? 
  well that is if junker is behind this . 
  while it might balance the powers a bit , i seriously doubt it would be used too much as a power projection outside europe . 
  while single countries do use their military abroad i think in general europe has evolved from being too trigger happy . 
  oh my , that was just sad :(, 
  i doubt it but i do understand why you would not want to continue the debate about facts . 
   russia does not violate other countries airspace , they get close oh ok , so you are either lying or just plain ignorant . 
  just out of interest : which is it ? 
  the last one can be cured with 10 minutes of google . 
  hey dude learn to read : i care more about the country violating my countrys airspace than about a country that does not . 
  i 'm sure you are really happy on your high horse but i bet you care more about someone punching your mother than some other violence happening somewhere else . 
  am i wrong ? 
  ah ok , so according to / r/europe europeans should be as angry to us as they are to russian , altough there 's just a tiny difference between those two in regards to people visiting here : russia routinely violates european countries airspace on purpose , us does not . 
  so nice whataboutism there . 
  regarding nato and eu : are we talking about protecting nato countries or eu countries ? 
  because that 's not the same thing . 
  well we are vodka people but yeah , only one bottle of vodka and we start showing signs of being drunk . 
   so make them drink , a little we drink in binary , it 's either drunk or sober . 
  well you have to drive fast , otherwise the tanks in the forrests will catch you . 
  50 for built-up areas , 80 elsewhere unless said otherwise, 
  ok fair enough . 
  for many southerners extreme colds can be daunting but you can actually do something about it , like you probably know . 
  but with extreme heat you can only either suffer silently or stay inside with ac . 
  well i 'd take -30 c in finland ( -15 c is quite mild ) over +40 c in turkey any day , but i 'm not sure you would . 
   it somehow tastes especially good while drunk this really is the part that matters , everything else is just extra . 
  it basically is the ultimate food for when you are coming down from being drunk in the early morning hours or when hangover next day .
