  i do n't think i 've heard about this hietanen but she seems to focus more on estonia . 
  well usually the burden of proof is on the one making claims ? 
  you said the army of 27 countries is effectively france 's military . 
  and let 's say for arguments sake that i accept any and all sources for starters so it should be ridiculously easy to find those . 
  source ? 
  huh ? 
  so the rest of 26 countries combined is irrelevant ? 
  source ? 
  unless spain really is invading a relevant comparison would not include anyone invading anyone . 
   if you need to , replace with sweden invading nothern finland . 
  i do n't see how this comparison is any more relevant but ok . 
  because you compared to a situation where russia tried to invade finland . 
  spain is trying to invade gibraltar ? 
  i agree . 
  the solution against the representative democracy vs referendum `` problem '' is to not hold referendums . 
  there are very few big issues simple enough for your average voter to make an informed decision . 
  i guess it 's time to make this the finest continent in the world !, 
  while i 'm not the biggest fan of slippery slope arguments , but at the extreme end of that thought process lies dictatorship . 
  yes i agree that sometimes people do need protection from themselves but it needs to be done very carefully . 
  well yeah , but referendums are also democratic . 
  that 's the reason why representative democracy and referendums are a bit difficult to combine . 
  i think you could argue both ways on that issue, 
   but should n't a politician put their country over their career ? 
  is n't that the whole idea of government ? 
  to have representatives that do what 's best for the country to the best if their abilities ? 
  that , at least for me , is the slightly uncomfortable question : when you are certain what is good for the country vs democracy . 
  damage the country or ignore the people . 
  i mean i personally think democracy is more important but where is the limit how much damage is allowed , or is there one . 
  on the other hand history is riddled with people who `` knew '' better . 
   ` do you want to leave ~ ~ both the eu and ~ ~ the uk and then apply for eu membership ' ftfy . 
  the leaving eu part is already kind of given . 
  meh , lots of snow in helsinki this morning . 
  i bet i 'm not the only optimist with summer tires already in the car . 
   with brexit the second referendum is more or less about the eu but is it really mainly about that ? 
  is n't it also a good chance to reflect on was the previous voting result beneficial to scotland ( as in for example promises made by uk government if they stayed ) . 
  no , estonia is the most normal one of you three !, 
  or ... are we the weirdos ? 
   because they have checked other one and did not get urge to participate ... 
  this . 
  i mean r/suomi is a fine subreddit but i subscribe to very few subs anyway so i 'm only in r/finland . 
  is that this sub fellow a friend of the notorious hacker called 4chan ? 
  true , it 's like if it followed the demography of this sub . 
  true , and many of those xenophobes are from uk . 
  nah , those are perfectly understandable sentences so you are fine . 
  then check the original from hasselhoff ... when that video came out in my opinion music videos as we knew them were over . 
  there 's nothing that can be improved on that video , it has everything . 
   saving on lighting energy ? 
  does n't really make a difference here up north . 
  and modern urban environment is lit 24/7 anyway . 
  he is not bullshitting , however he is exaggerating . 
  but i do think it should be fixed since the reasons for having daylight savings do not apply anymore in modern society . 
  so it 's a mild inconvenience with no upside . 
  it has actually been surpricingly united with its sanctions against russia , so i have no idea what you are talking about . 
  yup , finland is pretty average on implementing regulations . 
  but i guess that myth serves a narrative . 
  u wot m8 ?!? 
  we will go winter war on your ass , nobody touches the booze !, 
  i do agree , it was only one of the contributing factors . 
  oh yeah what 's up with that ? 
  is it a requirement or are you just taking the piss ? 
  do you mean there 's confusion of the term or the concept ? 
  you can translate it as nationalism and xenophobia if you will . 
  it definitely is one of the many reasons for brexit . 
  i think we have been on top for decades ? 
  i do n't know about other top countries but at least in finland instant coffees are all but non-existent . 
  i mean you can find them in stores but i do n't know anyone who drinks them . 
   as the highest in europe and the world actually, 
  come on , at least van slooten does some pretty good stuff . 
  obviously not strong but still good . 
  that 's crazy talk . 
  you up the dosage !, 
  we take invasion of personal space seriously !, 
   goldman sachs also confirmed that this movement away from london would not necessarily result in a net reduction of workers in the u.k. 
  when ever any business on any field says this in public you should expect reductions . 
  many parties think religion and state/politics should be separated, 
  do you honestly think uk cant stick its nose in business it wants while being a member ? 
  can u point to a ruling which says do ? 
  or are u just making this up ? 
  oh yes , when thinking about a country that has always minded its own business throughout human history england ( ? ), 
  is the first one to pop to my mind too . 
  ( not trying to bad-mouth uk , it 's just that it really has never been an isolationist country at any level ), 
  well the summer is coming so we will have to make due with only 22 hours of daylight . 
  we are happy with the list just the way it is now . 
  show me a party that is against all education . 
  they might disagree what it should include or how much there should be but no , it 's not comparable at the slightest . 
  religion in itself is already huge political issue . 
  and religion draws party lines , so it is comparable . 
  if neutrality isnt an issue you would be fine if voting place was the office of some political party ? 
  well at least it would be scotlands own decision . 
  `` united '' kingdom, 
  ah , so i did remember correct . 
  good program btw . 
  yeah and that was only once . 
  however interesting fact : back in the day nightwish won a vote to represent finland by a margin , however due to the system back then a jury managed to block their participation . 
  yeah but how hard is it and which color ? 
   there is a real possibility that the pressure you mentioned was fabricated by kekkonen himself in collusion with the soviets or that the soviets were attempting to dictate who our president should be . 
  oh i actually agree that it is very likely that some of the threats were fabricated or at least manipulated so that soviets had a known entity as the president of their neighbour . 
  but i 'm also pretty certain that overwhelming majority of perceived threat from soviets was real . 
   i think finland , as a sovereign state , should n't have given into outside pressure if these allegations really are true , and it should have aligned itself with the west and joined nato in order to protect itself , even if that would have escalated the tensions . 
  i 'm not even sure nato would have wanted finland because of the geopolitical situation in late 60s and 70s .
