  probably 95 % of the kebabs i 've eaten in my life has been in one of those states . 
  we are ? 
  why was n't i told ?!, 
  oh yeah , it was the way i said it . 
  no wait , it was because everyone who disagrees with you is a propaganda spreading shill , yeah that must be it !, 
  btw i checked your post history : your irrational hatred of the us really shines through . 
  i 'm sure it 's impossible for you but you might want to take your propaganda stamp and go through your own borderline delutional posts . 
  well obviously now you need to point out which part of my message was propaganda . 
  surely you dont want to look like you are talking total bs ? 
   whining about whataboutism does n't distract from the point . 
  whataboutism is usually a very good way to distract from the main point of the thread , but i 'm sure you knew that already . 
   yet everyone takes this anti-russian garbage seriously . 
  well not everyone but every sane person does . 
   no , it 's not `` whataboutism '' , of course it is . 
  this thread is about what russia does , yet you want bring up a different issue . 
  half of these threads are always filled with whataboutism . 
  yeah , quit whining about me hitting you in the face , someone else somewhere got kicked in the balls . 
  if it is the price of having to choose who determines the rules : yes . 
  besides , companies like apple would leave a void that would get instantly filled with their competitors so apple really can not afford to get banned ( microsoft ? 
  now that would be a different story ) . 
   by the way , if finland and/or sweden join nato - this 'd be not agressive , but clearly hostile . 
  nope , that 'd be natural progression of what russia is forcing finland to do . 
  nato was not a hot topic in finland 15 years ago when russia acted more like a normal neighbor . 
  now with every single irrational act or a news piece twisting facts the support for nato gets a bump . 
  for a big bump you need a russian official saying finland should n't join nato , for some reason they 've started to avoid doing that ... 
  well done sir , well done . 
  well being in and out you occupy both spaces and are subject to effects of both of them . 
  i do n't think uk is getting any benefits of either of them right now . 
  but anyway , that 's the problem with analogies : they usually do not work if you look at them too closely . 
  i honestly was toying with that analogy when i wrote that , but this really is kind of the opposite : while the cat is both alive and dead , britain is neither in or out right now . 
  as in britains economic climate really can not enjoy the benefits of either situation in its current state . 
  britain is in a situation which is both difficult and weird : it 's not really in in the eu anymore ( yeah i know it de facto is in ) but it 's not out yet either . 
  i 'm just wondering how long companies operating in britain can operate in a climate like that . 
  i 'd imagine that for that reason declaring of the article 50 can not be dragged on indefinitely . 
   the far left here has a hard-on for anything that is anti-americanism it has n't been like that since the 80 's , since russia really is not a `` communist '' country anymore . 
  it 's the nationalist far right that are looking up to people like putin . 
  you 're painting a picture where us would be the only one fighting . 
  you do understand that the military spending of only france and germany is way past russia . 
  i have no idea how that relates to my post . 
  is us planning to invade russia ? 
  natos most powerfull weapon by far is the belif that it actually delivers what it promises . 
  trump is effectively making nato a lot weaker . 
  if there is a problem with member nation ( s ) then kick them out , what you absolutely do not do is to open the door for interpreting the rules when the shit actually does hit the fan . 
  yeah , with the lowered spending nato would be dimished to ... the most powerfull military alliance in the planet by far . 
  that 's a fatal drop from current situation . 
  we 'd prefered help last time too , but that does n't change his point at all . 
  well the far right and the trumpets have been repeating that for so long that they actually do belive it now . 
  power of suggestion . 
  yeah , but polls are n't exactly static either and there certainly is enough time for any shifts . 
  my point is that i saw several comments , some even from actual experts who said that there 's no way leave would win . 
  untill it did . 
   yeah but trump wo n't get elected . 
  yeah , that 's impossible like britain voting leave . 
  but it is not about nationality , it 's about availability untill the end of the project . 
  if there are doubts on that it 's obvious it effects negatively on persons chances . 
   all things which are likely to happen and as such should be prepared for in case they should occur.things much less likely to happen already have detailed plans with multiple brainstormed solutions already written up like brexit . 
  no , wait ... 
  well obviously . 
  the rule of thumb is that if you are freezing you have too much blood in your alcohol . 
   our rural areas are going to be fucked for as long as we have the same minimum wages for the whole country . 
  actually depending on your field of work we do not , yet . 
  however we will in the future since it is generally considered as a bad idea to pay different salaries for same job . 
   you underestimate how dependent we are on the city . 
  our entire economy is based around it . 
  i honestly do no see how this can be the case anymore when dust settles after this circus . 
  i mean city will be very important in the future too but even in the best case scenario i 'd imagine its value and importance will diminish quite a bit . 
  for most of russia it is enough that you are percieved as a strong leader , they do n't care where they are being led . 
  true , and to be replied with a huge middle finger in the negotiation tables . 
  nevermind house of cards , one day this whole sequence of events is going to be a terrific tv series on its own . 
  fair point , but the problem is that for that military to be a real deterrant the other side has to belive you are willing to use it , preferably by showing you have actually used it . 
  oh ok , so can you remind which countries have lately attacked against the most powerfull militaries in the world ? 
  if your confusing terrorist attacks with an actual occupational army then i got news for you : even the most powerfull military on earth can not fully prevent terrorist attacks . 
  who would want to attack a military union of that strength ? 
  yeah this is one of the most important factors for brexit , maybe even the most important . 
  nevermind if the decision to leave was smart or not , at least the for brexit politicians were somewhat consistent in their stance towards eu . 
  now that uk is on its way out is n't that kind of talk in a way like an outside entitity is trying to destabilise some area ? 
  like the stuff that is usually frowned upon in the world ... 
  russia the country . 
  since it was state run russia the country should be punished . 
  in this case the punishment was that russia the country can not participate in olympics . 
  individual athletes possibly can . 
  russia as in it was organized by the officials . 
  london riots were n't organized by city of london or government of the uk . 
  i wo n't take part in speculating what wada should or should not do , but i 'll just point out that nothing in your post suggests that russia was somehow innocent and should not be punished . 
  i hope you do realise that doping testing is not some one time thing just before the competition . 
  it needs to be done all the time during practice season also , so getting tested by anybody at this point of time in regards to rio is way too late . 
  simple : instead of isolated incidents this was state organized , so basically russia got banned more so than the athletes . 
  you can compete but not for russia . 
  ... pollution causes communism ? 
  we did it !, 
   as far as i know , communist countries did very little up to the 80 's regardless of form of ideology poorer countries did very little , and still do . 
  it just happened to be that communist countries were among them . 
  i do n't know what that means but now i 'm scared . 
  i 'm always a bit iffy with legislation conserning what can and can not be sais by the press , so i do n't know if other countries use this system , but i think this is one thing that we got right : there is an independent committee comprised of journalists on which any citizen can file complaints when they feel that good journalistic values are not being upheld anywhere on media . 
  the committee has no actual power but it makes it up with having enough influence to do its job . 
  also the committee does realize that in theory they could be replaced with legislation so their verdicts are quite well thought out and consistent . 
   dude betrayed all campaign promises come on he did keep one ( 1 ) promise : lower taxes for new cars . 
  while cutting social benefits . 
  deal . 
  also if you guys have questions about said russians we can give you some pointers since we have actually fought with them before .
