  well yeah , i think it 's one of things that has just been `` known '' by everybody as peculiarity in italian culture . 
  i tried to find statistics but could n't find anything that spans decades ( maybe easier in italian ? ) . 
  just references like this ( 2004 article ) :  more than half of italian men between the age of 25 and 35 still live with their mother http://www.nbcnews.com/id/5761647/ns/world_news/t/what-keeping-italian-men-home/ but from the articles i saw i got the feeling that yeah , it has always been very high , but it seems that financial crisis has actually made it considerably higher . 
   turns out you need a stable job with a decent paycheque in order to be able to afford a place of your own , neither of which are easy to find at the moment - at least not in this country . 
  to be fair i 'm not sure if you can shift all the blame to current economic situation when italy has pretty much always been the same on this statistic . 
  i think it 's more cultural . 
  yes , but this time it has had too much coverage on international news , and also exceptionally harsh words from other european leaders , so i seriously doubt it will be brushed off after elections . 
  however things will definitely not go back as before . 
  that kind of behaviour will have longer term political impact no matter what happens . 
  too bad i never said that so you can just keep your weak strawman . 
  its kind of cute that you think banks try to do good or bad . 
  their only motive is making money . 
  umm i dont know if you understand it 's literally the same party they are in . 
  if the goal is to politically distance herself then that 's pretty unimpressive result . 
  oh to be a naive person like you . 
  rest of us have to think about things like motives . 
  you should . 
  i cant promise you like it but i can promise it is an experience that is unlike anything else . 
  yes , people on fringes with an agenda complaining about it being too left/right/whatever is just solid evidence they are doing fine . 
  for those people there are mv and verkkomedia . 
   no , the investigation ended already a long time ago and they found out that he had n't done anything wrong my full quote : `` there 's an ongoing independent investigation about did he manage to actually influence yle '' so no , i was not talking about terrafame , i was talking about investigating yle . 
  and that 's ongoing afaik . 
  those are two totally different things . 
  he contacted our national broadcast company ( yle ) about stories made of him , now there 's an ongoing independent investigation about did he manage to actually influence yle . 
  if the investigation finds any evidence of that some heads will roll inside yle . 
  also , it has somewhat damaged the reputation of generally respected broadcast company . 
  the actual stories were the result of his very own stupidity : he was part of decision making which resulted in his relatives getting some business . 
  it 's very likely they would have got the business anyway but a professional politician should have the brains to excuse and distance themselves from those kind of decisions . 
  oh hello netherlands, 
  maybe , but in realpolitik china is way more relevant so their opinion has more weight, 
  salmiak is the easiest answer , although to be fair i usually get some to go from helsinki airport before take off . 
  water pressure . 
  so like seppuku but slower and less honorable . 
  if this were about elections why would us ( or eu for that matter ) punish only russians ? 
  why not americans who were involved or at least knew about the attempts ? 
  so allied forces of italy and [ iceland ] ( http://nypost.com/2017/02/21/icelands-president-really-really-hates-pineapple-on-pizza/ ) vs [ canada ? 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/justintrudeau/status/835225645932216324?lang=en%7cpublisher== ), 
   i 'd say there 's still some mistrust towards russians left from the russian rule and from the soviet attempts to take our indepence . 
  i really do n't think people have ill feelings from the russian rule , relatively speaking they were actually not that bad . 
  the mistrust stems from two wars and following soviet era . 
  it 's pretty similar to how you get electricity ( from socket ) : i do n't know . 
  it just comes through a pipe from some plant somewhere . 
  i 'd imagine i 'd be more interested if it did n't work so well . 
  if you like filtered coffee you really need to get moccamaster . 
  it 's pretty basic but it just makes good coffee and is durable ( they also sell spare parts ) , in finland it 's the standard that you compare others with . 
  yes , just like that . 
  i 'd imagine that practically every home , office , shop or wherever people spend extended periods of time in finland has one ( unless replaced with actual automatic coffee machine ) . 
  while other kinds of coffee are gaining in popularity the staple drink in finland is still a mug of filtered coffee black ( me ) or with sugar and/or milk . 
  no , ca n't remember a single incident ever . 
  like the americans already said these kind of questions are actually quite revealing and they help understand both europe and their own country . 
  and most of them happen to be american since americans are the largest demographic in this website . 
  our forests are quite literally filled with them , and freedom to roam act makes it possible for anyone to just walk to nearest forest to pick them . 
  the stereotypical canadian accent is easy to spot ( eh ? ), 
  but sometimes i get them mixed up with americans . 
  i do n't have a clear picture what nz accent is like so i 'd imagine i 'd get it mixed up with australian one . 
  they are a very good neighbour , but all nordics are bound by law to shit on them whenever possible . 
  but it also states that we defend them if anyone else tries to do it . 
  too much hassle . 
  or too drunk to bother . 
  would have had to interact with people . 
  probably all of the above . 
  ah yes , forgetting wales would practically be the same as the plot in home alone movies . 
  it 'll probably just get filled with water when england is towed further from the continent . 
  there are plans to extend it to dublin once england is out of the way . 
  no , not in the global scale . 
  i think finlands gdp was around 50 % of uk and us in mid 19th century . 
  the most trusted institution , according to studies over 90 % of population trust them ( followed by educational system and military ) . 
  at least in finland bulgaria has been popular for decades , way before croatia . 
  if anything bulgaria is losing business to newer destinations . 
  yeah , they got really lucky on that issue , we got it so much worse . 
   their ~ ~ alcohol ~ ~ everything is cheaper and that applies to practically whole world vs norway . 
  more on par with baltics than western europe , in fact mid 19th century one of the poorest countries in europe . 
  along with norway and japan finlands economy is one of the success stories of 20th century . 
  yet all of them ( besides google obviously , that 's pretty universal ) are way more commonly called dish cloth , oatmeal or tampon . 
  in fact come to think of it we very rarely use brand names unless they are kind of universal , like google or heroin . 
  only few i can think of are heteka ( spring bed ) , gyproc ( dry wall ) and mono ( ski shoe ) . 
  ah the question was about geography , got it . 
  so as an eastern european western europe seems pretty similar to my country , some of them are poorer and some are not . 
  on average i think we fare fairly well against them in comparison . 
  i see you completely ignored my advice and just continue making stupid generalizations . 
  or maybe you do have the facts and are just another angry fringe group person , those are typically the only ones in finland that see the situation as black and white as you , be it left or right . 
  i dont know about other countries but in finland soviet minded people were a small minority even among the reds . 
  independent finland was actually one of the very few things that both sides agreed on . 
  i 'd suggest you research a bit before making such silly generalizations . 
  really ? 
  ok then i 'm willing to post the link for the first and last time : / r/finlandconspiracy /, 
  yes , because it was finns slaughtering finns . 
  while winter and continuation wars were extremely tragic and terrible they did bring the nation together and maybe even partly mended some of the wounds of divided nation . 
  yes , i had a chance to taste it in a distillery in scotland , and it tasted exactly the same as what people used to make themselves here in finland few decades ago . 
  i 'd rank it third behind chinese white `` wine '' and akvavit as the worst tasting booze . 
  but hey , it gets you drunk so it 's not all bad . 
  civil war . 
  not him but i 'd guess that since every single thread that has finland in the title has the same joke at least once it gets boring even to non-finns . 
  well curtains are handy at night during summer to keep the sunlight out . 
  at winter they are just for privacy . 
   new make scotch you mean scotch that is too young to be called whisky ? 
  yeah same stuff . 
  ok , but i for one was taking a wild stab based on ops username . 
  yes , 25c is too hot but 70c is too cold . 
  sure it 's possible , but at least countries in eu would have to fight eu for it .
