  not even once . 
  our scoring system is binary and we 're content with it . 
  so if rest of your countries want to switch to binary system i 'm all for it , even in global scale . 
  otherwise i see no need . 
  oh yeah we know all about those stories , we 've had few of them . 
  there were warnings not to travel to finland because finns would take away the children from their parents . 
  the top russian official in charge of child protection was very active in the issue which was sort of sad and funny at the same time . 
   the `` kick-your-kid-off-your-house-once-they-hit-18 '' norm is not part of our culture and i honestly do n't understand it . 
  maybe you do n't understand it because it does not exist . 
  it 's more like `` i 'm - an-adult-why-does-my-mom-still-do-my-laundry '' norm . 
  i do n't know who `` they '' are since i was speaking in general when anyone gets elected . 
  sure , but i was talking about them tossing out their own plans since according to you they ca n't be made before elected to government . 
  and ? 
  so when elected to government all the plans drafted beforehand need to be tossed out since they were not made while being in governemt ? 
  i might not be an expert in british politics but i 'm starting to suspect you are just talking out of your ass ... 
  wow . 
  what 's the punishment in the uk for making plans when not member of the government ? 
   i already pointed out there was a gov reshuffle . 
  the people who would have made those plans are n't in gov any longer after the ref . 
  what people ? 
  is the government only body that is allowed to make plans ? 
  it is forbidden for opposition to draft plans ? 
   it was explicitly ordered by the cameron administration that the uk government was not to prepare for a brexit . 
  i certainly understand why cameron administration does n't want to do it , but can cameron forbid someone else to do it ? 
  can they prevent experts and other resources to be used by the leave campaigners ? 
  at least in finland the opposition can generally use the same resources that the cabinet uses . 
  an example of a plan how to detach a sovereign state from an international treaty ? 
  i 'm not an expert on the subject , however i do know that things that are no totally unexpected can be planned beforehand , but that concept seems very foreign to you for some reason . 
  i honestly do n't care . 
  i just find it stupid to drag this out just because some politicians think that making plans beforehand is not needed . 
  how about any plans ? 
  a first draft of a plan ? 
  a suggestion for a plan ? 
  anything ? 
   so when the gov official position was to remain , you expect them to higher negotiators , staff and create the departments necessary just in case . 
  no , and that might be the reason why i never said that . 
  let me quote the important part :  plans, 
   who 'd have thought ?!, 
  well nobody in the leave campaign at least . 
  i do n't think it 's completely unheard of to make plans beforehand when there are only 2 possible outcomes for a vote . 
   nothing helps unity as fighting a common enemy which the uk is adamant of becoming . 
  it 's kind of sad but it is true . 
  while eu probably does not have official stand for the brexit negotiation yet , its politicians seem to be in the same ballpark when listening to individual statements . 
   when i played hockey back in the day , probably half the guys used snus . 
  yeah well it 's disproportionately popular among hockey players , some sort of group thing i guess . 
  oh sorry , i guess it 's impossible for you to catch my meaning : what i meant was that i 'm guessing you 're answer is not that uk will open all trade to all direction , which in turn paints your comment about eu quite hypocritic . 
  feel free to ask for further clarification if the subject is still somehow fuzzy to you . 
  so i guess that 's a no . 
  so do you think independent uk will open it 's borders to all trade from everywhere , or does uk want to make trade harder for its people ? 
   we have no idea what the political backlash will be from eu citizens ( including a great host of private sector workers ) if business suffers as a result of political vanity . 
  i do n't think you can call standing up for the very essence of the european union as `` political vanity '' . 
  i think it 'd more constructive for every party to accept them as facts . 
   the eu strategy right now seems to be to go harsh on the uk to kill of euro-scepticism , but i think it will have the reverse effect . 
  no , eus strategy is to not go soft because that would undermine the whole union . 
  it only seems like hard stance since the expectations in uk seem to be unrealistic . 
  possibly yeah , but it 's perfectly irrelevant since it 's about brexit . 
  true . 
  huge ones . 
   there 's no democracy in greece . 
  during the entire crisis , 3 out of 3 governments just did 180s . 
  there is no guarantee that any other party would keep its promises . 
  it 's all pointless gambling , this `` democracy '' . 
  that 's where you need educated voters : lot 's of parties promise anything and everything to get the votes . 
  it 's sadly the voters job to make sure if the promise is even remotely possible to keep , instad of just voting for the one that promises the most . 
  and this is certainly not just a problem with greece , it 's everwhere , including finland . 
  and apparently north pole ? 
   it is current pis minister for environment as a prince for cinderella . 
  and the bishop is probably the most pro-pis of them all , propagating all the smolensk conspiracy bullshit . 
  seems to me op is at least trying to make a point , it 's you that 's edgy . 
   you need more police when they need to travel 30 or 40 miles on a regular basis well lapland has the lowest density by far , and there it 's more like 100 to 200 km . 
  there are less than 200k people in finnish lapland , area that 's larger than scotland . 
  compared to other countries ? 
  do you have numbers ? 
  i always thought that pope fellow looked a bit shady , i suspect he 's a leader of some kind of gang or cult . 
  oh cool , you 've found one report out of many that uses metrics usefull for your argument . 
  ok , couple of things : slovenia is not the whole ee , finland is not scandinavian . 
   where woman has half the value of man you do n't get to choose the metrics used to determine who 's on the `` right '' side just to draw the line where it best suits you . 
  topic about russia - check `` what about usa '' posted - check yup , everything in order in this thread , move along . 
  from finnish point of view it is : us military crosses the finnish border only when invited , russia does it when it wants . 
  oh it 's one of those days : saying us is an agressor gets upvoted and saying russia an agressor gets downvoted . 
  all i know it was n't us fighter jets that violated finnish borders again last week . 
  twice . 
  i guess that merits some downvotes ? 
  yeah do n't recommend places to stabby finns . 
   essentially ( and i 'm summarising here ) she blames russia for everything she can well tbh there is a lot which can be blamed on russia  this is pretty dangerous because if all they need is to suspect russia , then anyone could claim they did it and boom , wwiii . 
  i 'm pretty certain they got more concrete evidence than just a feeling . 
  yeah , that would be true for finland , but uk has actual countries in it so i 'm not so sure . 
  i 'm not arguing if single parties should be represented , that issue is even more complicated . 
   scottish parliament would be continually updated , consulted and involved . 
  but no represention ? 
  i 'm not taking part in the debate if it is a vassal state , but that matter is irrelevant when we talk about a popular vote . 
  no matter where the governments allegiances may be it usually can not control the will of the people in democrasies . 
  otoh small currencies ( like we had ) are always more vulnerable to market speculators . 
  yeah , forget about russia and isis , concentrate only on the evil eu . 
  i do n't think you know what the word propaganda means . 
  you are listing stereotypes which may or may not have truth in them . 
  yeah , we are just too juvinile when compared to the mature whataboutism of putin apologists . 
  yeah , and what about hitler . 
  he did stuff . 
  and what about the children !,
