  so please explain what does owning an iphone have to do with it ? 
  i mean you ca n't just pick one sentence from what somebody says and ignore the rest , right ? 
  btw the comment you are defending was deleted by the writer so i guess in the end he did n't appreciate it either , but please keep going . 
  i was reading this , maybe you missed it ? 
   i seriously ca n't even comprehend how some people with iphones and laptops even have the audacity to apply for refugee status . 
  or do you honestly think that people who own an iphone are immune to bullets and thus do no need to run from the war ? 
   it 's pretty clear in his reply as well , you just decided to ignore it . 
  no , it 's painfully obvious he said that only poor should be allowed in . 
  i 'd rather we help refugees running from the war but i guess there are different opinions on who should be helped . 
   i seriously ca n't even comprehend how some people with iphones and laptops even have the audacity to apply for refugee status . 
  so basically what you are saying is that poor ( economic ? ), 
  migrants should be taken in , but not those fleeing from a war if they are not poor ? 
  yeah , i bet the temperatures there are really close to a lukewarm sauna ... 
  i 'm drunk, 
  that is how you do national stereotypes . 
  well played . 
  oh come on , this sub is filled with funny stereotypes and it 's pretty obvious that was ment as a joke . 
  i thought it was funny . 
  so when all else fails , claim ignorance ? 
  like i said earlier the actual selection of the contractor was probably ok , it 's just the really stupid way the pm handeled it that 's the issue . 
  and he is now paying for it as he should . 
  dude , maybe get to know the facts before starting to argue ? 
  it 's ok , i 'll fill you in how - as they say - shit went down . 
  * said someone asks independent consultant for appropriate way to spend the money * consultant gives advice , receiver of money follows advice * government decides to give money to someone * ... * government is corrupt !!!, 
  maybe now you understand the issue . 
  maybe ? 
  oh and the last point about corruption is your own opinion , i just copied it . 
  that sentence manages to be wrong on 2 different ways . 
  firstly , p\u00f6yry organized the bidding , do not confuse it to mean that p\u00f6yry has the final decision to pick the contractor . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  at most they can recommend one . 
  secondly , government made the decision to finance the mine , and with it the deal with the contractor . 
  not the mine company and certainly not p\u00f6yry . 
  well , i guess i have no sense since i refuse to shift the responsibility in this issue to the one party who had absolutely no power to make any decisions . 
  but let 's agree to disagree : my stance is still that politicians should not be making decisions which have such direct financial effects to their close relatives . 
  you disagree with me . 
  i really do not understand what that has got to do with anything ? 
  it was the government that decided to give the money for that contract to move forward . 
  oh yes it is . 
  what should have happened is that when the government ( while making a u-turn from their previous stand of not providing money for the mine ) made the decision of giving them 100 million , the pm should have excluded himself from the decision making since it had direct financial effect on a company which for example his children are part owners of ( he himself used to be ) . 
  i think the people for the museum said this was the final push . 
  however i doubt there 's any problem if they can gather 100 % private funding for the place . 
  i never claimed it was corruption . 
  it is just incredibly stupid . 
  but that 's the point : as the pm you should stay well clear of a ) sending angry letters to state owned media company b ) doing business with your family with government money . 
  he is n't the first and probably not the last to fuck up with these issues but it still does not make it ok . 
  oh yeah , i have to admit that they do beat both us and the norwegians at sweden-bashing . 
  nah , they are pretty great . 
  it 's just that as a finn i 'm obliged by finnish law to take a jab at our neighbour when ever possible . 
  i would n't go as far as to say amazing ... 
   your legislation might not allow this today and it wo n't allow it tomorrow . 
  and i seriously doubt this is the case in rest of the europe either . 
   that 's generally the reception they receive here . 
  yup , and same arguments are widely used by people with opposing views , so victim card does not play here on either side . 
  hahahaha , my country is in europe and at least our legislation does not allow this . 
   this is why i support liberal democrats over socialists nowadays . 
  you base your voting on the behaviour of german sd ? 
   also is it really a problem ? 
  it 's not like it 's too difficult to scroll past if not interested . 
  yup , and half of the comments would be `` what about usa '', 
  ok let me break it down to you : op was wondering why swedish police wo n't do video interview to speed things up . 
  i replied that they should n't because it would mean others should be given that chance then too , which clearly is n't a desirable situation . 
  you somehow interpret this as if i said that someone is given a chance to do video interview . 
  still confused ? 
  oh ok . and where did i say that ... ? 
  is it possible that you are a bit confused ? 
  i never said that did i ? 
  i said that if assange is given a chance then others should be too . 
  because otherwise your rules treat people differently based on who they are . 
  sure , but let 's say i 'm a suspect in a crime in sweden , would n't that dictate that i also should be offered the chance to appear through video from wherever ? 
  but willingness to do something about it is quite exemplary . 
   the fact is - putin 's russia is mostly irrelevant . 
  i do n't even want to know what a country needs to do to be relevant if occupating areas of another country still means you are irrelevant . 
  yes , outside of military putin has very little , but the rise of the far right all over the world can change that . 
  uh ... u sure netherlands wants to end up behind finland again ? 
  hey , quit slagging off binge drinking !, 
  well if it gets worse you could always switch to our sauna thermometers , they go up to 160 ... 
  dead lives matter ? 
  i declare it a draw . 
  so british farm industry collapsed when exports stopped to russia ? 
  well brexit came at the right time then . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/finland as in not uk , france or germany . 
  i 'm not sure if there are exceptions but generally yes . 
  so you think people should complain about europe as much as they about trump and russia ? 
  yes , i think it does generally work like that . 
  i had fuzzy memories about it so i checked : 2015 eu court gave verdict in a case of polish electricians ( working in a finnish nuclear power plant building site , finnish electrician union brought it to court on their behalf ) vs the constructor where it said that finnish legislation and agreements apply . 
  `` in certain respects , the sending undertaking must comply with the employment terms related to wages , working hours and annual holidays as provided in the finnish labour legislation and collective labour agreements , should these be more favourable to the posted worker than the employment terms provided in legislation that would otherwise be applied to him/her . '', 
  that 's from finnish ministry of economic fairs and employment . 
  i think we have regulations to prevent this , so i doubt it 's eu rule . 
  and what about hillarys emails !, 
  and stalin !, 
  yeah we are gearing up our tourist industry . 
  but poland voted for quotas . 
  no idea , it was something like 15 years ago . 
  well i did go again last year ( by plane ) , wonderfull city . 
  i 've actually done that route , and iirc it was with silja line which is now part of tallink so this is basically them saying they will do it again . 
  oh boy , your arrogance does n't let you give up at all , does it ? 
  fine then :  you can only find one explanation because you do , in fact , possess a pea brain . 
  that pea brain of yours allows for very patterned and one dimensional explanations sorry about that buddy . 
   such as : i keep replying and arguing against the implication of the aforementioned quote because i do n't understand it ; or 28 % of gay men in us have more than 1000 ( one thousand ) sexual partners and that 's actually completely normal and natural because a celebrity said so ; etc.
