  so `` the finns '' is way more accurate then ? 
  no way it can be confused with , i do n't know , people who just are from finland ? 
  i know what they want to be called , but i prefer the old name since it describes them much better . 
  well to be clear this party in question , true finns , are very conservative and seem to be the choice for racist voters . 
  economically they are all over the board , basically where ever populist winds blow them . 
  since australia can endure eurovision song contest and by their own free will to boot i 'd say it 's 10 out of 10 . 
  u wot m8 !? 
  you are talking about vodka right ? 
  no , you can now accommodate the hordes of international teachers hanging around here trying to figure shit out , we 've had plenty . 
  hi , what 's up . 
  oh , have you seen our bigliest score ? 
  make santa park great again . 
  i think he even built walls around it . 
  sure , and it 's fine by me . 
  many russians live near enough and have money for that option . 
  well at least speaking for myself his name is meaningless but with that description i know i have heard of him before, 
  russian pro-embargo lawmaker means almost any lawmaker , russian anti-gay or anti-putin or pro-ukraine lawmaker describes way better who he is . 
  lawmaker practically breaking the embargo he subjected his countrymen to is not news ? 
  do n't know about you but it would be in my country too . 
  no , they are looking out for their interests . 
  you seriously think eu wo n't back them against trump ? 
  us is already domestically divided so trump really is too weak to go against eu . 
  globalization is the only `` threat '' to our culture , not eu . 
  maybe our culture is stronger to begin with ? 
  also , we got few millenia of evidence on how well europe works together . 
  well obviously \u00c5 , \u00c4 and \u00d6, 
  yes , ireland is the only country in eu with that kind of history . 
  lets just stop the cooperation and get back to the good old days of warring . 
  probably . 
  he is also one of the funniest persons here in this sub , think of ken m with nationalist streak . 
  this is true . 
  what people need to remember when talking about minimum wage is that not having minimum wage is not necessarily a bad thing for every country , but this really only works if unions have enough negotiation power . 
  if i see an advertisement but did n't buy the product it does not mean the advertiser is doing a shitty job . 
  someone else will buy . 
  what you want to ask is are companies willing to defy eu . 
  us government can flip-flop on any issue but companies like their revenue . 
  no , the system can be a problem too , it 's just that usually it 's human error . 
  it is safe to assume that practically anything is hackable given enough time and resources . 
   she has a slight scandi accent i 'm not sure if i 'm mixing her with somenone else but did n't she mention somewhere that originally she consciously put on her english accent to disguise her american accent ? 
   qi , on the other hand , is n't dependent upon steven fry . 
  not sure , if asked before he left i might have answered differently . 
  now i know it can go on without him . 
  but i really think it should be the international definition, 
  yeah well that intepretation was from couple of politics professors at different british universities in finnish newspaper , so ... 
  national governments can talk as they please , as is the case with meps and british mps . 
  eu is in charge of the negotiations . 
  yes , however the problem is that it will likely be a binary situation : regardless of what the deal says and if it is a fair deal for both or slightly better for one party , what really matters is how the public sees it . 
  and the side that has more negative public perception of the deal is in trouble . 
  granted that on eu side the issue is n't as important as it is to uk . 
  false equivalence , top british politicians kept talking about single market after brexit , so stating the eu rules was needed . 
  but has any of the top eu executives said that britain needs to get a shitty deal ? 
  +2 in helsinki , it 's borderlining tropical here . 
  it was perceived as a threat so it is a threat . 
  and if it was n't a threat then why say such an obvious thing . 
  that was a threat , and realisticly she is holding the weaker hand so threats do not make her position better ( yeah , i do understand that that part was ment for the british audience ) . 
  i must confess i was almost triggered about whos language it is untill i saw the username ... well played sir, 
  sure , but while i 'm certainly not an expert on the issue ; seeing as for example spanish visa is valid for the whole of eu i 'd imagine spain can not make the call alone . 
  or can it ? 
  well we dont need to be friends , we just need common enemies to cooperate against ... oh hey we 're there already, 
  well norway has open borders to sweden and finland , but then again they actually are in schengen . 
  agreed !, 
  tammikuu is the only correct expression so fix ur shit !, 
  literally : moon suit cupola ( i think in this case meaning the round helmet ) is missing , the last uupuu is its own separate word , so not quite one word . 
  here icy roads are the default condition at winter , it 's actually annoying if the road is dry since it will wear out the studs in your tires and the studs eat away the asphalt from the road . 
  hey we got that too !, 
  just do google picture search for ice swimming . 
  edit : but on more serious note , we do have warm and sometimes even hot summers and we do swim a lot . 
  in fact every child has been thought how to swim for ... 
  i dont know ... 50 years ? 
  it 's just that on top of warm summesr we have cold winters . 
  yes . 
  not to me personally but it 's quite obvious she is to others yes . 
  and i have no problem in people following her . 
  well take any subject and count the comment/article ratio and there is your answer . 
  besides , brexit is probably the biggest news in europe in historical sense since early 90s . 
  oh yes , it 's a special sound when you walk on snow in freezing weather . 
  i bet most people in the north can approximate the temperature just by that sound and how the snow feels under you boots ( i 'm not kidding ) . 
  well think of it this way : sometimes i travel to places where it can be +35 -40 degrees in the summer . 
  you do n't want to be outside for too long in that heat because there 's basically nothing you can do to ease the situation . 
  on the other hand in a freezing weather there is something you can do ; dress accordingly . 
  so basically it 's way easier to deal with the cold than heat . 
  til . 
  i 've somehow missed that bit , thank you for the information . 
  some background to this : finland with its current conservative right government is on its way to privatize railways ( and health care and other stuff for that matter ) . 
  i have used uk railways occationally and compared to finland they really are a mess , so besides ideological reasons of the government there really are no arguments to be made for the privatization . 
  `` a king ? 
  great , yeah i 'll do it !, 
  where ? '', 
  `` finland '' '' ... '', 
  in my opinion you are correct , at least it had all the christian trimmings on it when i went to school ( as in when i had to deal with this tradition ) . 
   very true , only 5 % of finnish people speak swedish ... as first language , i think that 's an important distinction . 
  she has the best words . 
  yeah but at least you do n't binge drink like ... oh . 
  well duh , let them eat cake instead . 
  i for one am proud of my country for boycotting that tournament . 
  we have always boycotted fifa world cups and will continue doing so ( by pretending we could n't qualify ) . 
   the contempt for people and democracy in this article is overwhelming . 
  so , one might say that you understand the article as much as it understands you , and that was kind of the underlying theme of the article . 
  maybe you and the article are too far apart in the political spectrum ? 
  ok cool .
