  salaries are at the level of normal western countries ( ie relatively high ) but that 's not a flexibility issue . 
   this is so true !, 
  there is absolutely no corruption in finland !, 
  for example : suvi lind\u00e9n 's golf course , vanhanen ' `` lautakasa '' and himanen 's `` blue book '' are legitimate businesses !, 
  nope . 
  while the incidents you mentioned were shady at best an undeniable fact still is that finland is relatively corrupt free country on global scale . 
  i take it that the writer of this article has n't run a sme-business in our country . 
  for example , finland 's labor markets are notoriously inflexible . 
  this is part of the narrative provided by the current conservative-right government and big business , but if you start to actually compare facts you find that for example it is way cheaper to get rid of a finnish worker than a german one . 
  well it 's not unheard of that the night watch falls to sleep , but the sleeping bags are warm enough that you might wake up cold but otherwise fine . 
  a huge portion of finnish males has had to sleep in a tent in a forest during winter while in the military , altough i do realize that it could be a bit harder for someone from warmer climate . 
  basically there 's a stove in the middle : your feet are burning and your head is freezing so if you average it out it 's perfect . 
  the problem is not the ones actually paying taxes , what makes the city a tax haven ( biggest one in the world ? ), 
  is that the money is and is allowed to move through secretive jurisdictions . 
  and the city is at the center of it . 
  well in the end it boils down to this : uk is essentially a tax haven for finance sector . 
  what makes the problem substantial is that the finance sector is vital to the whole british economy . 
  on the other side the eu is ( finally ) at least trying to do something about tax havens . 
  yeah , i do n't think sipil\u00e4 is stupid enough to form government with those numbers while the finns party is part of it . 
  you can never predict how many mps they got next week . 
  yes , unless the prime minister gives in on social democrats ' demands , but i don ' see that happening since i think their stance is pretty close to what the experts have been suggesting so the center party would just face similar problems as with the coalition party . 
  there 's also another important angle in this : coalition party wants to privatize the health care so that while the society still pays for the health care the actual provider would be privat companies . 
  this does not float well with others . 
  that 's what the finns are for ... 
  i do n't know how that statistic is made but finns do bring equivalent of almost 10 million litres of pure alcohol mostly from estonia per year . 
  for a population of over 5 million . 
   i wonder how finns do mixed sauna parties . 
  well it sort of depends , there 's no set rule . 
  sometimes naked , sometimes with swimsuit . 
  yeah it might seem like that on the surface but when you get down to the actual math of the problem it just does not add up . 
  let 's take a really obvious example : you live in the capital area , 800 euros is enough to cover your rent but after that you need some sort of benefits to buy some food . 
  when you work those benefits will be cut down , just like the current system . 
  about the earlier comment : the goal is not automatically to pay less money overall , it all depends on implementation . 
  however all the models of implementation i 've seen seem to have some structural problem in them , so it 's pretty much `` tell me which of the models you support and i 'll tell you what 's wrong with it '' . 
  i think it is a bit misleading to say that this particular system has been tested since there are countless ways to implement such systems . 
  i know very little about the one that is discussed now but the main ones that have been floating around in political discussion are vastly different : there 's one suggestion where social benefits are cut to much lower level than they are now , then there 's the other suggestion where it replaces couple of benefits with this allowance but the current system is still pretty much in place . 
   system where you have several different bureaucracies handing out the money social services , unemployment funds and kela , so that 's 3 . 
   we would n't need so many bureaucrats doing the same job at different places . 
  there 's very little overlapping with those three . 
  nah , we just ca n't shoot straight because vodka . 
  hey good news : once we get the army really going you guys will be part of eu again . 
  in fact whole world will be part of eu . 
  it would mean that instead of 1 washing machine you also need the toaster to attack since all you need is more devices to get the same bandwidth . 
  also if you manage to send mutilated packages your bandwidth need goes down . 
  hold my trumpet i 'm going in !, 
   absolutely no alcohol ads i actually see nothing wrong with this . 
  sure , still all of them are immigrants . 
  yeah , countries that dislike immigrants sure would like some more immigrants . 
  if the outcome were black and white the brexit project would already be over . 
  now it has n't even started . 
   amnesty international these days has primarily concerned itself with pressuring countries to accept `` refugees '' . 
  nope . 
  they are worried about human rights of refugees ... you know they are people too ? 
   japan has given them the cold shoulder . 
  i guess they have no concern for human rights . 
  what ? 
  are you telling me that japan dislikes the report that slags off japan for it 's discrimination and new privacy laws . 
  i 'm shocked !, 
  yeah , people ( and rulers ) who dislike human rights generally want to ban amnesty . 
   renewables are the end goal , oh i totally agree , but to simplify my view on the subject : as long as there are power plants burning fossile fuel i think it 's really counter productive or even outright damaging to the environment to fight nuclear power . 
  the current most alarming issue we have as a species is n't nuclear power , it 's fossile fuels ( by general pollution and global warming ) . 
  and we are at the verge of being too late already . 
   the only reason that the switch to coal happened is because people relied on nuclear exclusively and denied the need for alternatives because they assumed nuclear would solve everything . 
  but the opposite is happening also ( in a way ) : people rely too much on renewables so that they hinder or close down nuclear energy , and when renewables are n't there yet then coal is used . 
  and all this is done in the name of preserving the planet . 
   heathrow would have grounded all flights . 
  hey it happens in helsinki airport too !, 
  well once . 
  for half an hour . 
   must be a pain in the neck to drive around on snow and ice all day . 
  well more than that i 'm thinking of dragging the gargo through snowy streets at delivery stops . 
  oh come on , for many people skiing equals to downhill skiing . 
  it 's us in the north that automatically think of cross country skiing when it is mentioned . 
  as i said it would n't work as such , but that 's quite irrelevant since the main point is that you 'd have to be incredibly stupid to ignore russias agressive actions . 
  so the answer is b. 
  care to elaborate on those agendas ? 
  or you just hate human rights ? 
  and you try to push the idea that everything is fine , no need to worry about russian military or their fighter jets breaching our borders ? 
  of course ukrainian tactics do not work as such in finland , but it 's only smart to be suspicious of russia . 
  so they punch dogs ? 
  or did you have a point ? 
  well to dislike human rights pretty much everyone must seem far left from you . 
  so people are now pro nuclear because it 's cool ? 
  i wonder how many tons of coal has been burned because people want to save the planet from nuclear energy . 
  i think the good ( transparency ) far outweigh the bad . 
  it 's things like this that add up to low corruption in the nordics . 
  also , if people are interested in from where and how much politicians make i 'd call them smart instead of envious . 
  but the envy-argument is just so easy to throw out there . 
  do n't ruin the narrative with facts :(, 
  and the answer is yes . 
  ooohh that was evil, 
  sure , but the problem in us is that not enough people agree . 
  while the title is not misleading per se , there are few interesting bits in it : the list is made by polling , not counting money . 
  it does not count development aid which is essentially charity payed by all the citizens . 
  uk is 6th in europe by percentage of gross national income . 
  yeah , you guys certainly got more than enough dysfunctional politics on your own . 
  yeah , people need no education from banana curvature banners . 
  yes . 
  people seem to lose their cool on eu with much smaller stuff than this . 
  finland .
