  in the aftermath of getting kicked out of the government the right wing populist party has effectively collapsed on itself . 
  it seems that the divide is between more `` old fashioned '' populist group ( followers of previous leader soini ) and more hard line anti-immigration and anti-eu group headed by their new chairman halla-aho . 
   20 mps from the finns party announced they will form a new group for finnish parliament . 
  this group also includes previous chairman timo soini . 
  it was announced by simon elo mp before the meeting of the finns parliamentary group . 
  the groups new name will be new choice and it includes all the ministers from previous finns group . 
  the group is ready to continue in finnish government headed by juha sipil\u00e4 ( pm ) . 
  - this will probably ruin our political career , commented simon elo . 
  elo said it is possible they will form a new party before next election . 
  the rest of the names of new choice group have not been published yet . 
  edit : maybe more correct translation for the group name would be new alternative ? 
  edit2 : ok the count is going up , out of previous 37 finn mps there are 21 in the new group and one name who has also left but it is not known if she will join the new group . 
  so the finns have 15 mps left in the parliament . 
  while these things are rare in finland it really is just normal democracy working the way it should . 
  nobody has failed as such , the country is still organized and there are no riots or angry mobs on the streets . 
  objectively speaking only way this could turn in to a `` real '' problem instead of political one is that if they fail to form a new government in reasonable time . 
  but even that would just mean new elections . 
  well that 's not even the only reason to oppose this project , there are some weird political constructs built in to it . 
  nah , it 's still single payer model . 
  well the party just took a large step towards your sd so there 's your answer . 
  well for most people there are also other attributes to define party line besides immigration . 
  and other important things in politics in general . 
   leftists i guess everyone is leftist from far right ( the two parties that kicked them out are conservative right ) . 
  and anti-eu . 
  which i guess is a good thing since previously they kept attacking eu without having a clear stance on it themselves . 
  the person who got elected chairman has made his career on one issue : immigration . 
  also the deputy chairmen are interesting bunch , including a woman who thinks evolution theory is `` impossible '' . 
  also the party is more anti-eu now . 
  cant speak for others but finland has not been neutral for quite some time . 
  nato membership is not the only metric to measure that . 
  yet most media houses are owned by rich people who traditionally lean right , you want to make similar leaps of logic out of that ? 
  maybe , just maybe sometimes if the image looks bad the mirror is not to blame . 
  yet you happily spread their message , so if it quacks like a duck ... ? 
  i hope you do understand that practically every politician gets mistreated by media at some point , and most learn from it and move on maybe even understanding that media has a vital role in democracy . 
  true finns have made it an artform to whine and moan about how they are always victims , but even out of their ranks halla-aho stands out as a special snowflake who refuses to speak to media . 
  yeah true finns certainly do have the good old `` i 'm a victim '' card ready to play . 
  2 years is a long time to negotiate , and eu has managed to come to a mutual agreement in more complicated issues . 
  anyway it 's not like a huge army will just pop up one day , it 's going to be built with small steps and it has already started . 
  ca n't speak for others but at least my country is not against eu military as such , it 's wary against military alliance that 's not purely defensive . 
  so after the 2 year negotiations on exit terms ? 
  yes great achievement , but not a free pass to violate human rights . 
  well apart from very few cities in europe and maybe some parts in asia like japan i honestly ca n't think where it functions better . 
  compared to ... ? 
  helsinki public transport is actually quite good and reliable when comparing to rest of the world . 
  or rest of finland . 
  i 'm guessing the downvotes are there because only in this thread that meme is mentioned way too many times . 
  yes , arctic circle goes through rovaniemi area, 
  you do know a lot , but just some clarifications :  oulu is after the polar circle oulu is below arctic circle  the language is one of the most complicated in the world and has hungarian roots not really , but like any language it is extremely difficult if your own language belongs to some other language group ( like indo-european ) . 
  also it is related but not rooted to hungarian . 
   you ca n't buy alcohol in supermarkets you can buy beers and ciders, 
  in whatever ways we can boast about doing better than russians i have to agree that making vodka is definitely not one of them . 
  russian vodka ( not the shit they usually export mind you ) is the best in the world . 
   the new sickman of europe not anymore . 
  the signs in the economy displayed at the end of last year seem to have been genuine . 
  and anyway , finland was never even close to the situation of the countries that were/are in real trouble , however saying so was usefull for politicians supporting austerity . 
  i think only things you can see from this map is a ) eurozone b ) peoples willingness to track bills . 
  finlands tendency to use plastic money coupled with low population density should not result to those colours . 
  yeah , the line has to be drawn somewhere !, 
  no , for example olaf haraldsson was almost killed by finns way before he became st olav . 
  finns were actually chasing the vikings who were running away . 
  if kicking viking ass out of the area is a loss we can take it ... 
  well done . 
  you have a nice day . 
  y' all are brown to us finns . 
  and they meet finns that are visiting the kingdom of ruotsinlaivat . 
  other countries had prohibition too so that 's not the explanation . 
  i do n't think swedes come to finland for alcohol except for the ferries , but that 's because it 's tax free and finns do it too . 
  stop telling us what we can or can not do !, 
  i 'm with this guy/lady/person : what the hell is stopping us providing artificial light for the panels during the dark winter ?!, 
   you can see where i 'm going with this , not everything is black and white . 
  but it 's also not a huge blob of gray as you make it out to be . 
  when it 's actual commercial business it is a service that you provide . 
  if me and my friend bake a bread and eat it we are not a bakery . 
  if we do it often and sell the bread to people we do n't know we are a business . 
  oh come one , you sound like you need a safe space . 
   the progressive tax system does create weird quirks like `` work more lose more money '' higher taxation on higher income is not a quirk , it 's how progressive taxation works . 
  obviously the alternative is flat tax which means you lower taxes for richest and increase taxes for the poorest . 
  however also in sweden more money you make more money you have after taxation . 
  if that is not the case then there is something else besides basic income taxation at play . 
  so compared to rest of the world sweden has no rich people and net income of people who work is extremely low due to taxation . 
  poor swedes ( pun intended ) . 
  love the irony of this post / s, 
  well the country is basically just a big forest so it 's hard to not be in one . 
  something something death panels, 
  macron did way better than expected . 
  so ... thank you 4chan , t_d and rest of that crowd for turning people away from le pen ? 
  sure , but usually those leaders are not as eager to maintain good relations with democratic countries . 
  sure . 
  and its for the voters to pick between leaders like him and leaders who support freedom and democracy . 
  why yes , i do . 
  i also try to figure out why they do it , dont you ? 
  yes but that is falce equivalence : putin is not some random neighbour so it is only logical to think what is his agenda . 
  well all i know is that putin is flirting with fascisn and he has clear favorite in this election too ... 
  just another t_d user , nothing to see here . 
  yes , all liberals think like this random person . 
  these sort of generalizations are one of the core reason to fight against alt right . 
   m * % #cker , wu and ching arrived on the 12th of april , it i think we can give you this one : they will actually arrive around next christmas ... 
  even google translator is saying `` fuck it , i 'll just put random words , nobody will notice '' when translating finnish ( it says nothing even remotely similar to czech republic ) . 
  take that atheists !, 
  on the the fact that italians do live with their parents for longer ?
