  yes , why did n't uk do anything about it ? 
   the fact that even small countries like malta have a veto is a fundamental problem with the eu . 
  really ? 
  more power to brussels from national governments ? 
  and here i thought brexit was about taking the power back , but now you say one of the flaws of eu is that national governments have too much power over eu . 
  that 's just being silly . 
  it 's every members fault , including uk . 
  and that would further escalate the situation and cost uk more money . 
  and at that point any reputation that uk could have as a reliable business partner would be gone . 
  what 's your estimate of what the price of not paying eu would be when the uk public is at breaking point ? 
  considering the nation is not actually that unified on this issue to begin with ? 
  same [ picture ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/69ruyv/psbattle_the_finnish_president_and_his_dog/ ) ended up on the front page some time back . 
   no , we will only pay this protection money in return for something . 
  sadly that kind of bravado is detached from reality . 
  but sure , in theory uk could refuse to pay anything , take the economic ruin just to spite eu and the matter would get settled in icj in hague . 
  that is money that is committed by uk . 
  not paying anything would be far more destructive to uk economy ( and international relations ) than any of this brexit business , the only issue is how much . 
  or everyone will be seeing it as the money that uk had earlier committed to pay anyway . 
  now if the uk negotiates the amount to be lower than what they think was committed they will be looking at the deal to find concessions to make up for the money not paid . 
  and i 'm pretty sure that the arguments used earlier by brexiteers about german car exports or french whatever do not factor in when poorer countries are looking at the deal . 
   * good !, 
  trade deal is settled . 
  yes , it 'll be interesting when a draft will be presented to 28 governments and each of them has to decide is it good for their country . 
  it 's good to remember that latvian or greece opinion will be just as decisive as uks . 
   i do n't know anything about that . 
  got a source ? 
  in percentage terms is theirs really that different to ours ? 
  i got no hard facts , i just know of an ex-mep who did an exercise in his book where he calculated that due to lowered payments 2007-2013 finland `` paid '' almost a billion extra for the combined lowered fees of germany , sweden , netherlands and austria , and 2.1 billion for uk . 
  this concessions dates back to thatcher era . 
  fair enough , that 's the first time i 've ever seen uk higher than finland . 
  for example this graph has totally different story : https://www.europaportalen.se/2016/03/svenskarna-har-nast-hogsta-eu-avgiften . 
  but that 's actually besides the point ; the point is that uk pays way less than what has been agreed as the basis of the membership fee . 
  other countries have actually also gotten their fees lowered but the magnitude has been a fraction of the uk figures . 
  huh ? 
  not even close . 
  where do you get your data ? 
  well the amount paid for the eu is a good start . 
   which wo n't happen i totally agree . 
  something was bound to happen sooner or later anyway to strip down the sizable concessions uk already had . 
  brexit fixed that problem . 
  overestimating negotiation position was actually one of the themes in brexit campaign . 
  but eu has never asked anything unreasonable . 
  it 's pretty obvious that the uk is the only one being unreasonable . 
  stop being so unreasonable . 
  the bottom line is that eu is the stronger party here , and in bilateral international treaties stronger position usually gets better deal . 
  it 's really unreasonable to think that uk is negotiating from an equal position . 
   unreasonable that 's the new buzzword for when negotiations go the way it was predicted last year . 
   pre-wwl russian empire at least fed itself more or less . 
  1866-1868 8 % ( some sources say 15 % ) of finns were killed by famine . 
   hahahahaha . 
  do n't talk about stuff you do n't know . 
  i bet you now wish you did n't write that ... 
   you are seeing the reaction of the uk population to the eu 's negotiation tactits yes , who would have guessed that the eu would be in much stronger position and it would actually show ? 
  well that kinda does not work in finland since metal is mainstream ... but yeah , i 've noticed that too abroad . 
  it gets the broom either way . 
  finland was basically just unclaimed area before swedes claimed it . 
  if that can be called occupation then practically everyone lives on occupied area . 
  edit : obviously you can define nordic with whatever logic you want , but i 'd imagine you 'd end up ruling the indigenous sami people out of nordic if you follow that logic . 
  so that 's part of norwegian and swedish people out too . 
   which is understand , finland is not nordic and yet they have adopted a ton of nordic culture and customs seeing they are neighbours with nordic countries and were occupied by one for some hundreds of years . 
  that logic is n't sound since finland as such was never occupied by sweden , only russia . 
  and even russians were just occupying part of sweden . 
  the invitation was n't made by eu or to eu . 
  it was by germany and to germany . 
  also it has been suggested based on statistics that the effect of the invitation in relation to amount of incoming refugees is almost non-existent . 
  people can choose what they think is or is n't relevant when voting , but the logic where it all gets dumped on merkel is still flawed . 
  i think some dutch person mentioned that it first started with their media always comparing the country to nordics and finland in particular , then reddit did its thing and it started to have a life of its own here . 
  it 's basically a rivalry with zero animosity . 
   a large segment of the uk population has harbored a bizarre hatred for the eu for a long time . 
  i actually do n't think it 's that bizarre since british politicians have always used eec/eu as a tool to attack someone with or shift blame to . 
  for example you can even watch a fictional series like yes , minister ( probably the best political satire ever ) from the 80s to get a glimpse of the prevalent attitude towards the community at that period of time . 
   it is a major issue that can turn really ugly . 
  a lot of things can turn real ugly . 
  and many times they do n't . 
  i do n't want to panic over hypothetical scenarios . 
   czech president is already planning referendum for czechxit . 
  no , he suggested one . 
  and furthermore he wants the country to stay in eu . 
  maybe i 'm just not that prone to panicking , since to me apart from brexit those are relatively mundane issues compared to areas of the world where there are real problems . 
  which parts of eu are dying ? 
  your country ? 
  my country is in eu . 
  if eu was going down then i 'd imagine the reasons would be somehow visible here . 
  i was asking is your country doing particularly bad right now and that 's why you think the whole eu is doing bad also ? 
   eu is going down thank to her open border invitation . 
  my country is doing fine thank you very much . 
  maybe it 's just your country ? 
   her actions regarding the refugee influx have indirectly lead to brexit , which is arguably the worst thing that has happened to the eu since its founding . 
  brexit has been brewing for decades and the reasons are way more complicated . 
  and i 'm not sure if that actually is a bad thing for the eu , but it 's way too early to tell . 
  you are obviously free to disagree but this issue is actually not debatable . 
  freedom of movement does not dictate the terms , finland does . 
  and posted workers and their companies must follow finnish legislation and treaties . 
  problems arise when they do not . 
  i suspect it 's similar situation elsewhere in we . 
   no offence , that 's nonsense - nobody accepts a posted job just to die of hunger there . 
  people on posted jobs earn better than people at home , that 's the whole point of it . 
  actually that is quite the opposite of nonsense , and it 's a problem outside of france too , including in finland . 
  and the problems do not end at below minimum salaries . 
  basically if you work in finland you should get the same `` benefits '' ( as in what is written in law and treaties ) as a finn .
