  only in last maybe 5-10 years the big brand irish ciders have truly arrived to finland and very soon after smaller brands around the world followed suite . 
  i think cider is competing in popularity with our domestic long drink . 
  well it has to be kekkonen . 
  he might be a bit controversial but he was the president for 26 years ( in a country that is 100 years old this year ) . 
  if you are in to metal music tuska is good one , and you can take subway to it in helsinki . 
  well we have christian democrats , and also the leader of true finns resigned from lutheran church ( practically state church ) because it was too liberal for him . 
  also both of our 2 big center right parties have their religious wings . 
  not really . 
  even our nationalists while not actually condemning him have enough brains to steer away from him probably due to russian connections . 
  ah , my bad , skipped that part and got fixated on username . 
  tell your mom that on average you will be way more safe in france than in us ( assuming you are from us ) edit : nevermind , next time i try to read the whole message, 
  for me personally we got our first foreign tv channels and sky channel ( i think it is sky1 now ) showed cartoons which were obviously unsubbed , so i had the basics covered before i started studying it at age 13 . 
  but i 'd guess most finns learn through combination of school and subtitled content on tv , only childrens programs use dubbing . 
  and now through internet use . 
  zombies , venomous insects , russian troops , foreign street beggers etc. . . yup , cold weather is surpricingly handy . 
  only amateurs need a reason for drinking anyway . 
  yes , no problem with pronuncing deutschland or \u00d6sterreich ( i do n't even speak german ) but u guys ... u sure our languages are related ? 
  maybe 1920 's , ca n't remember anything major from that decade . 
  well it 's an issue of semantics , but in this conversation i 'd rate them center-right . 
  18 % last election , formed a government with 2 other conservative parties . 
  their main 2 platforms were stop to immigration and no more money to greece . 
  after the election we got more immigrants than ever and they voted for lending more money to greece . 
  also they advertised ( and in fact still do , go figure ) themselves as a party whos mps are free to think and vote how they want , but in fact they force the partys view on even subjects that other parties leave their mps to decide for themselves . 
  so your basic populist stuff . 
  now , less than 2 years after election , they are polling something like 8-9 % . 
  generally people are really friendly if u need help or directions , but idle small talk with strangers is much rarer than elsewhere . 
  people from other cultures might interpret that as rudeness , but that is totally wrong assumption ; it has more to do with respecting each others personal space . 
  or , in fact , alexander graham bell ( yes , i too watch qi ) . 
  i mainly use the finnish pronunciation of english . 
  well we got plenty of that too , so i guess it 's more about what your country lacks than what americans got . 
  i doubt that law is enforced , but i really do n't know since i ca n't remember any incidents . 
  finns ( like many other europeans ) do not attach such emotional values to flags as ops americans do . 
  not common . 
  no , wait , what is the opposite of that ? 
  normal cars , but practically every one of them has an engine heater ( run by electricity through cable or by petrol ) . 
  law mandates that during winter you need to have either studded or special friction tires . 
  studded tires arent allowed in summer and you dont want to drive friction tires during summer . 
  nobody drives with chains on roads . 
  most cars are front wheel drive and front engined . 
  here we start the year child turns 7 at earliest , it 's not too uncommon for parents to wait one more year if the child is behind in developement . 
  but by that reasoning nothing should be adopted from another country ever, 
  true , but do you know why finnish system would n't ? 
  yes sometimes when it 's work related . 
  but never on personal calls . 
  our pm is quite rich , he used to own a successfull company and he cashed it in . 
  it sort is a political issue since there are couple of incidents where it could be argued that he has been making decisions that have direct effect on his own familys ' wealth ( altough not his wealth directly ) . 
  so basically a defensive army . 
  i 'm all for it and i 'd imagine that would be the only option that has any chances of being accepted by the member states right now . 
   the generations after that untill 70 's - 80 's are known as the `` pullam\u00f6ss\u00f6 '' your math does not check out , that generation ( 70s ) was the one to enter the job market at the beginning/during the great depression in 90s , if you think it was hard for everyone imagine you are fresh from school without any experience . 
  if you are younger than that you could just ride it out in the safety of school . 
  also that generation is largely paying the pensions of our baby boomers generation while their own pensions are cut . 
  after the baby boomers are gone the 70s generation is relatively small so pensions arent that huge . 
  so basically they get to be part of all the bad things ( and still listen to criticism from older and younger generations ) . 
  form of government : parliamentary republic most importanta positions : most powerfull position is the pm , but in official protocol it 's president , speaker of the house , pm . 
  biggest party : the center party , conservative center-right focused on non-urban areas , not popular in larger cities . 
  the most popular right now according to polls are social democrats . 
  national day : independence day , 6th of dec ( 100 years next december ! ), 
  how to understand my country better : you have to see it to belive . 
  median salary for full time job is around 3000 euros/month before tax . 
  also our income inequality is really low on international scale . 
  maybe you should study the subject more ( altough i assume you know plenty ) . 
  even north korea has elections . 
  is russia democracy ? 
  i personally have very little respect for dictators , both present and past . 
  sure , but trump casting doubt on article 5 could prompt other nations to look for alternatives . 
  you are undoubtetly right . 
  but i 'd first look at the eu option , and if nothing meaningfull will happen on that front then nato is probably our best option . 
  well it 's like asking why canada is so small by land size ... 
  yeah very convinient for commuting, 
  it is very much that , but it is very addictive . 
  i know i 'm far from being the only finn when traveling abroad for longer period who need to back some with . 
  you are correct , however what i meant that russia can obviously win the war , but it simply can not gain control of the country after winning it . 
  finland has plenty of trained soldiers and have something worth fighting for so it would lead russia to have a festering wound on its long western border with seemingly never ending war . 
  that 's why i think it would be too costly for them to attack . 
   you are correct in that the center party in particular had ( and has ) a strong conservative streak they definitely are right from center . 
  center party has always been right from center . 
   the national coalition party and various smaller factions like liberals were definitely excluded from the government and were completely unable to have their member even considered as a president due to fear of soviet reactions until late 1980s . 
  this is true , altough in early 80s it was the coalition party that was first to suggest continuation of the yya-treaty ( cornerstone of finlandization ) with russia . 
   this new generation was a fixture in the government , and later prime minister kalevi sorsa , for instance , was definitely very comfy with the soviets . 
  all prime ministers were ( had to be ? ) . 
   foreign intelligence services considered him to be either a willing or an unwitting agent of the kgb , and i 've seen some fairly well reasoned speculations that his name is one of the main reasons why the so-called `` tiitinen 's list '' of probable soviet agents has n't been published . 
  this is just idle speculation and has yet to be proved on any level . 
  i 'm slightly leaning for nato . 
  i also belive that there is a chance , altough admitedly really small one , that if we do not join nato for the wrong reasons ( pressure from russia ) we could be on a slippery slope to another era of finlandization . 
  however our military is very cabable of defending the country so i do n't feel any immediate pressure to join . 
  it would just be way too costly for the attacker . 
   back then , any political party right from center was automatically out of bounds for government `` due to general reasons '' , no matter how many votes they got . 
  that 's not true . 
  almost all governments in the finlandization era had conservative right in them , most of the time it was the center party ( the name is misleading ) . 
  also already back then center-left social democrats were not favorites of kremlin due to the fact that it was the actual party that fought to prevent kremlin to take over finnish left and through that whole of finland . 
  hear hear !, 
  sure , but that 's a whole different topic . 
  our geo-political position would be different and obviously our military would need adjustment then . 
  yes . 
  i actually do agree with others here that it might not be the best option for their countries and definitely not for european wide army , but it is the right option for finland due to geo-political location . 
   ( for instance , we have no ice ) . 
  what do your speed skaters train on ? 
  gravel ? 
  i mean i think that 's kind of popular sport in your country . 
  typical swede,
