  yes i know about the situation with countries that did n't adopt the euro , and those were unofficially accepted before so i doubt anything will be done to them . 
  i mean eu could easily demand to close the loopholes if it wanted . 
  but it is pretty obvious that the days of special deals for new members are over , they just are not good for the big picture . 
  you might have missed the irony part ... 
   nobody said anything about being hostile . 
  what i dislike is the holier than thou attitude exhibited by the west towards ee you sound hostile towards us ( the west ) . 
   when we were n't the ones to profit off of colonies let me check ... nope , no finnish colonies to profit from . 
   we were the ones that had to fight brutal wards for our independence while our wars were fluffy and nice ? 
  you are more than happy to lump all of west as some single entity that has wronged you . 
   but now we 're supposed to forget all that and be buddies-buddies just cause you give us money . 
  well no , you can also be hostile towards them for something that happened before and see what good that does to you . 
  i do n't think they need to offer anything as such , but they would have to follow the rules without exception . 
  obviously it would be easier for them if there were 2 speed eu at that point , but if not , they would have to start with adopting euro . 
  sure , but it 's not that relevant to me since if it happens it wo n't be during my lifetime . 
  actually i 've been here a while and it took me ( too ) long time to get the context . 
  the economic collapse of early 90 's . 
  while finland is only now recovering from 2008 market crash it 's still not comparable to the events of the 90 's . 
  and it might sound silly to outsiders but after the economic freefall stopped the 1995 hockey world championship had probably the biggest effect on a country that any hockey game has ever had ( including events like `` miracle on ice '' while it obviously is better known ) . 
  also the estonia accident ( -94 ? ), 
  and soviet nuclear plant going kaboom ( -86 ) . 
   you dont fight lies with more lies . 
  that 's not my point . 
  my point is that since both parties lied ( imho leavers ' lies were more blatant ) picking your choice because someone lies is useless . 
  if that actually mattered then the lies told by leavers should have easily even the situation . 
  so no , i do not belive that . 
  nah , we only fight heavy weights , 
  sweden ? 
  ewww !, 
  oh cool , please visit us again , we havent hunted vikings for centurys !, 
  yeah , chinas diplomacy in eu seems to be moving quick to fill the vacuum left by the us . 
  now that finland is having better relations and even getting pandas from china i think we should share a border ... 
  while this is obviously true , the thing about cashiers mentioned here is not just a stereotype . 
  cashier asking anything beyond `` receipt ? '', 
  is just not typical . 
  and the other thing is that if you ask a nordic person `` how are you ? '', 
  be prepared to get an actual anser instead of `` fine , how are you ? 
  ... and then you woke up in cold sweat and screaming ? 
  no , nokia was already in deep shit at that point . 
  the most important mistakes were made way earlier . 
  i honestly think that 's an understatement . 
  i 'd imagine the number is more like 75 % ( i got no actual data on that ) . 
  yes , and danish is germanic . 
  if you want to avoid confusion just use the term scandinavian . 
   a non-nordic language would be finnish finland can into baltics ? 
   the swedish-finnish border have many finnish speaking or semi-finnish ( tornedalsfinska ) speaking people . 
  well there are actual villages or towns that basically have ( unused ) border check point in the middle of them . 
  so i 'd say those go beyond being similar . 
  obviously administratively they are 2 separate places . 
  well it used to be only sweden , and maybe to some extent norway in the north since lapland and lappish have always pretty much ignored country borders , but independet estonia is getting more familiar all the time . 
  i think studio julmahuvi needs a mention : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuyfg9xopkk, 
  well in my opinion monty python is to comedy what black sabbath is to metal music . 
  also stand up comedians are the best in the world . 
  well you are free to use your very own definition but i think it 's better that rest of us use the real one . 
  but right now the only one that has any wider relevance in eu draws from alt right and populist ideology . 
  moderates are centrists on either right or left . 
  i agree , but far left has been a bit irrelevent in most of eu lately , while the alt right has gained substantial support . 
  moderates on both sides are generally quite pro-eu altough they might disagree on how things should evolve inside the union . 
  are those things supposed to be related somehow ? 
  i mean the current anti-eu movement is deeply rooted to alt right . 
   i do n't get burning bonfires on the brightest day of the year . 
  we just like to watch stuff burn !, 
  for helsinki it is the railway station . 
  source ? 
  unless you are a historian/linguistic with a convincing new theory you are just flat out wrong . 
  i think you do n't have a point . 
  but feel free to expand . 
  you do n't know what you are asking ... 
   the official family this is n't a thing . 
  can you please explain us the thought process the led you to conclusion that languages that are only ever spoken in europe are not european ? 
  i mean that 's some mental gymnastics you 're doing there . 
  or did you get your logic stuck with the name of a language group and just gave up ? 
  they 've already built a tolerance for eurovision contest . 
  i 'd guess strawberry and lingonberry ( lingonberry is usually used with main course ) . 
  yeah me too . 
  i 'll stab anyone who disagrees , i 'll just finish this bottle first . 
  in my opinion bbc is probably the most reliable and neutral news source in the world ( from the big outlets ) . 
  obviously that does not mean they are perfect . 
  irl : sweden , very similar country so it 's only natural to compare dicks with them . 
  in reddit : the netherlands , they started it !, 
  to answer your basic question : no , `` self-segregation '' as seen in the us is not a thing in europe . 
  the examples people are giving here are examples of much deeper segregation than for example identifying yourself as irish or italian american . 
  also these `` segregated '' groups are generally speaking a tiny minority . 
  this is in the order of latest polls : sdp - pretty similar to other nordic social democrats , socially liberal and belive in market economy but only with restrictions . 
  the center party - gets it support mostly from rural areas , never really broke through in big cities . 
  socially conservative , economically quite liberal unless the subject is about subsidising rural areas . 
  national coalition - has socially liberal people but overall leans toward conservatism . 
  economically very liberal , wants to privatize public services . 
  green party - economically it has the whole spectrum covered , socially very liberal and environmentalists ( duh ) . 
  leftist party - they are further left from social democrats which in part is also their biggest political problem : realistically they ca n't fit in to any coalition government without the other leftist party , sdp . 
  true finns - very nationalistic , very conservative and populistic party . 
  they are part of the current coalition government which has pretty much destroyed their support . 
  they still try to market themselves with old populistic rhetorics but it 's pretty hollow since they actually are in power now . 
  swedish peoples party - socially and economically quite liberal , focuses on rights of swedish speaking minority and the status of swedish language in finland in general . 
  christian democrats - very religious and conservative . 
  their former leader has been pretty effective on driving people away from church by voicing her opinions . 
  but to be fair this is a fringe group for the most religious persons . 
  since huge portion of the population has military training anyway due to conscription there 's nothing exceptional or mystical in it to worship . 
  we have been drinking fair amount of cider for decades , but the domestic stuff is terrible . 
  in the 90s swedish kopparberg started to penetrate the markets , that 's not great cider either but way better than finnish ciders . 
  also french ecusson gained some popularity but that was only sold in liqour stores ( as opposed to normal grocery stores ) .
