  i think germans called most of the slavs wends and we picked the word from there . 
  hey it 's not our fault , that 's how the trader guy from that general area introduced himself to us in the 13th centrury . 
  well we still call for example germans saxons and estonians after virumaa so we are not that big on moving on with the times ... 
  in finland for parking violations russians get tons of them but practically never pay them . 
  interestingly for example us diplomats usually pay their fines ( more so than any other ) . 
  that 's one way to build relationships ... edit might as well post the [ statistics ] ( http://hs10.snstatic.fi/webkuva/taysi/960/1305918196911?ts=811 ) , ven\u00e4j\u00e4 = russia and the columns are parking tickets total , payed , payed %, 
  v\u00e4yrynen has for quite a while been this sort of weird joke where everyone riducules his antics and delusions , but now and then the laughter stops , like last time when he got over 17 % of the votes in presidential elections ' first round almost making it to the second . 
  so we can laugh all we want but there are a lots of people that support his quest for power . 
  who are these people ? 
  i heard god did n't even personally write the thing , they just attached him to it for the publicity . 
  yeah but i 'm sure there are other redeeming qualities in the bible . 
  this is not true . 
  different countries have different fees . 
  if you do that we will barge your queues while drinking tea with the tea bag still in the mug . 
   and some people say there was a war against russia during the civil war , but it was a mess and fought mostly against each other . 
  according to some random study i read way back something like 5 % of the red side were pro-russia , so i do n't think that counts . 
  there probably was foreign interference from every direction but i 'd say the premise of the war was similar to any `` normal '' civil war anywhere . 
  also about the actual wars : if there comes a next time could we please pick someone closer to our own weight class ... 
  they do if it conforms with an agenda . 
  have you been outside ? 
  the whole country is either a huge forest or lappish wilderness ... 
  this is a good definition . 
  in finland these policies extended only to rhetorics : the main nationalist-populist party did very well in last election so they formed a government with two conservative parties , all their `` ideology '' flew right out of the window after they conformed with their new partners . 
  their popularity in polls halved in few months . 
   while he is right about weakening eueope in the long run it might lead to more unified and therefore stronger eu . 
  right now eu is less than the sum of its parts . 
  or if uk decides to stay the results could be similar since uk ca n't sit on the fence anymore . 
   but it annoys me that people think their own leaders are n't corrupt . 
  probably an unpopular opinion here but not all politicians are corrupt ... 
   honestly , i 'd have no respect for the russians if they did n't off him . 
  i respect countries that do not assassinate anyone , but i guess to each their own ... 
  basically yes , but it 's like pissing yourself in a freezing weather : it warms you for just a second before it 's frozen . 
  nah , ruble is just vacationing at the bottom end of the charts . 
  nah , this list is not valid , it ranks few random countries against each other while missing most of them ( norway , switzerland and finland are always among top countries in these ) . 
  judging from the story do n't you wish it was the balls ? 
  well the view that many in europe have about britain regarding eu functions is that it is constantly in the opposition having the handbreak on . 
  that is the reason there are loads people who think that eu would benefit from brexit . 
   sure ... europe will just stop trading with us if we leave . 
  i call bull shit . 
  i think that 's a straw man argument since it 's pretty obvious that trade will continue in some form or another , i dont think anyone is arguing that . 
  however the terms are renegotiated and plain truth is that britain needs eu more than eu needs britain , so the balance of those negotiations would be tipped in eus favor . 
  those are quite bleak choices . 
  what is the scenario that pro-brexit people are trying to achieve ? 
  or do they just want out regardless ? 
  it has been considered as the national game in the past . 
  it 's very similar to american baseball but probably the most noticeable diffrence is that unlike baseball it is very fast paced . 
  well it has been unusually cold in southern finland now so this is no surprise , nord pool is working as it should be . 
   some hungarians say it sounds vaguely similar to hungarian from far away , with enough background noise . 
  but that 's all . 
  i visited hungary few weeks back and i did notice this : when hearing people talking in the streets it did sound strangely familiar until you got close enough to hear the actual words , then it was just gibberish . 
  fine , you feel safer if violent nazis are patrolling your neighborhood . 
  there are people who do not want that but you think they are wrong . 
  this conversation is not going anywhere . 
  i do n't know who they are but fair enough . 
  so is your point in this conversation that nazi patrols are ok since not all patrols are nazis ? 
  umm there are interviews of local people on several different medias with the actual name of the one being interviewed in the article . 
  are you really claiming those are fake ? 
   who said all street patrols are nazi ? 
  so which groups are not ? 
  so you got a better source ? 
  so what is a credible source ? 
  freedom of assembly has shit all to do with street patrols . 
  while i have never been a fan of those men i would always pick a democratically elected goverment over nazi scum . 
  so patrolling neo-nazi groups that have some previously convicted violent criminals as leaders are the answer for protecting people ? 
  only options are rapists or violent nazis , pick one ? 
  it 's / r/europe , i stated a fact without even giving my opinion about it but it 's better to downvote a fact if it is against an agenda, 
  from what i 've read people in those areas feel less safe with the patrols . 
   perhaps a mongolian horde so basically more finns . 
  yeah , unlike others here it 's not even considered disrespectful , you just do not do it . 
  people get stabbed for less . 
  not all the time , sometimes our knives are placed in someone elses person . 
  yeah , and he is notorious for not being able to separate his positions as a member of the cabinet and the leader of a nationalist party ( true finns ) , so there 's really not that much news here . 
   and also the low amount of sun we get i remember my grandpa talking something about that sun-thingie , i laughed at his crazy stories . 
  when it happens continuously it should be quite obvious to everyone that it is not an error . 
  sanctions might effect russian peoples ' lives but not putin . 
  it 's pretty clear that that is not a quick fix . 
   do you know how many planes that would be and how quickly things would esulate ? 
  if you count out incidents where weather or some error has forced the action ? 
  surpricingly few . 
   in this instance it would have been better for turkey to deal with the air space violation politically not by esulating tensions . 
  well this is exactly what i asked : how should it be dealt with then ? 
  asking them not to do it again ? 
   the issue at hand is that no side has moral superiority here and you act like one does . 
  right ... let 's see , first i implied that russia should not complain about consequences of its own actions when it clearly was warned , then i said that the consequences should be the same if turkey acts the same way . 
  at which point of the conversation did i imply anything about moral superiority ? 
  well if they do it on purpose they absolutely should be risking getting shot down . 
  but the issue at hand was about russia . 
  so essentially you think that everyone should be allowed to fly military planes in everyone elses airspace ? 
  or what do you think should be next step from explicitly forbidding the action ? 
   sure , finland has very little corruption when compared to russia or nigeria or any other country in the world . 
   furthermore while there is very little corruption in day-to-day life , i believe there is more corruption at the very top of our society . 
  surely you are familiar with the term `` good ol' boys network '' ? 
  while i do agree that this is a problem even for finland i was not actually debating if these kind things happen here . 
  my point was that even with our problems if someone mentions finland as a country with particularly low corruption rate they are absolutely correct . 
   now how do i know this ? 
  well actually i do n't , because very few studies have been done on this subject . 
  there 's bound to be corruption that is hidden as with any country but that does n't really change the fact that corruption is relatively low in finland . 
  however there has been loads of international studies about corruption and finland is always at or near the very top . 
   it is true firing workers is very easy in finland , but hiring is much more difficult especially if you are small-business owner . 
  in what sense ?
