  so now even the scots take note of our drinking habits . 
  i 'll drink to that . 
   these are mutually exclusive . 
  yes i understand that , however we need to differentiate between the power he was granted by law ( which i grant were substantial at the time ) , and the power he could wield through the fact that he was perceived as practically the only person who could walk the tightrope between soviet pressure and finnish interests . 
  i ca n't think of any current president ( barring those who are actually called dictators ) who has such power over a country . 
   in my eyes , selling complete finnish sovereignty ( as in giving into soviet demands voluntarily ) for personal gain is a grave offense and should under no circumstances be tolerated . 
  well this is a very complicated question , and i belive that while kekkonen did take advantage of his position personally his stance on foreign policy could have been much worse for finland . 
  basically it boiled down to giving soviets and inch voluntarily so that they would not feel the need to take a mile . 
  the finlandization itself became a problem only when some finns started to buy in to soviet bullshit , but i honestly think kekkonen himself always saw soviet union for what it was : the biggest danger to finnish sovereignty there was . 
  as neutral as possible , finland had unique role in cold war outside of the blocks . 
  in my opinion he certainly was a dictator , but as far as dictators go he was not a bad one . 
  i mean finland was a functioning democracy back then except for the fact that soviets had the power to distort it ( organizations like cia were also present and active but could really not wield real power ) . 
  the reasoning behind the support of kekkonen was largely the fact that people belived that he had good enough relation with moscow to stay on their good side and have their trust , but also the smarts to keep finland as independent as possible given the situation . 
  and that is a pretty powerfull image to have for that time , and he used that advantage perfectly to stay in power . 
  he left/was removed from the office only after he became way too senile . 
  yeah ummm ... wait , what ?!, 
  yeah , a politician taking a stand on behalf of his own agenda during election is totally against democratic process !, 
  no it 's not the same , but that does n't take away his right to say it . 
  1 ) why should n't politicians speak their mind ? 
  2 ) i thought he was a citizen of france , as in a voter . 
  disclaimer : results may vary depenging on lip balm used, 
  well sipsi is from chip but that only means the thin slices of potato ( or other vegetables for that matter ) . 
  we do n't have an actual word for crisps , and rice krispies are just referred as finnish equivalence of cereals . 
  so in finnish your chips are french fries , and your crisps are chips . 
  like rice krispies . 
  yeah , they are chips in finland too ( sipsi ) . 
  sold in different quantities like [ megapussi ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/hf25knp ), 
  as a member of rally/hydraulic channel type english speaking nation i know ... 
  yes , that always was one of the problems with that faulty theory . 
  yes , it 's like we are getting back to the trickle down economics - mantra . 
  oh cool , ran it through google translater to hear it and that 's pretty good . 
   finrando oh come on , thats just enforcing the stereotype for the language ... 
   is there any real men in finland you looking for date ? 
  well after ukraine russia is again toxic for politicians , but no , there 's no hysteria . 
  outside of daily politics finland still has the same practical attitude and relationship it has had before , and official on both sides of the border have pretty direct line of communication . 
   truth is the russian media does n't just invent stuff they report things that they saw someone say , or someone do . 
  which is what a media organization does . 
  well in finland media is n't government mouthpiece and when someone says or does something they actually check the sources . 
  so no , russian media is nothing like finnish media so the comparison is stupid . 
  well some people belive practically everything russia says , others belive that everything sinister points at russian involvement , most are somewhere in between and happily that is where the truth is also , so i would n't worry too much about the fringes . 
   no , but it sets a precident . 
  no , it absolutely does not . 
  isreal , ukraine or even criminal law has nothing to do with russia spreading disinformation against finland . 
   a lot of correlation seem to be taken as causation . 
  which is 100 % expected result . 
  if you choose the path of disinformation and blatant lies it automatically makes anyting you say a target of suspicion . 
  currently we live in a time when anything kreml says or denies is treated as disinformation unless foreign independent media verifies it , and russians can only blame russia for this . 
  something else happening somewhere else does not in any way validate anything . 
   as do all states who formerly were occupied by them . 
  i hate to be that guy but finland as a country was never occupied by russia because finland was just an area of land , not an actual country . 
  it 's a subtle but important distinction as in we have not gone through the hell of being ruled by ussr like our southern neighbours . 
   either it 's the ultimate boogeyman or truly the superpower # 1 which should be dealt with . 
  huh ? 
  so what you are saying is that russia is to blame for all of the claimed things or none of them ? 
  that 's a weird outlook . 
  i have no idea about your country but it 's an established fact that russia has been spreading false news against finland . 
  so given that fact it would make them superpower # 1 ? 
   hell that the russians are mad about not getting their finno russian citizens rights respected to the highest extent is just normal . 
  so you got an office in st. petersburg or are u just naive and doing this for free ? 
  this is true . 
  and in relation to that finland does and has been dealing with russia probably way more than any other western country so apart from maybe late 90s it 's business as usual . 
  ouch , that was mean . 
  i 'd like to contribute on the wine debate but my country only knows beer , lonkero , vodka and not vodka . 
  not vodka can come in different colours and strengths and it 's what you drink when you wait to get more vodka . 
  it 's just that that theory ( as in some redditors parents think so ) has been the most predictable joke in any thread mentioning finland so i fully understand if some people dont find it funny 1000th time it 's mentioned . 
   this is going to be downvoted despite what you are saying is right feel like presenting some evidence for your claim or did god tell you you are correct ? 
  you have absolutely nothing to back up your claim ( like a study of countries that have been there already for quite a while , so there 's plenty of data ) but felt like you should still argue about the subject . 
  to simplify : in finnish in non-compound word you can only use wovels from group aou or y\u00c4\u00d6 except for i and e which can be used with both groups . 
  all nordic countries have a system where the de facto minimum wage is negotiated between workers and employers ( sometimes the government takes part too ) per industry . 
  so purely from the workers point of view most of the time it 's a step up from having a traditional national minimum wage . 
  yeah well the number in finland carries a slightly different value due to nature of conscription , in case of war the number is 230k but there are talks to hike it up by 50k . 
  the whole military reserve is closer to 1 million . 
  true . 
  i actually never realized that finnish only uses letters like b and f in loanwords . 
  letters like c , q , w , x and z are more obvious . 
  sweden , ireland and finland choose to not be in nato . 
  it 's a global conspiracy that it-managers all over the world usually choose windows over other oss for their networks . 
  i mean everyone knows it 's the shittiest os out there . 
  right ? 
   does europe choose to be in nato yes or no ? 
  there are many countries in europe that are not in nato . 
  including countries like russia . 
   any dolt who can google `` nato budget by country '' can see we give ~ 75 % of the budget . 
  wrong !, 
  sad !, 
  the truth is that germany + france pay bigger share of nato budget than the us . 
  next time you try to make a point maybe really read your source material so you wo n't look so silly ? 
  let me think ... their actual politics ? 
  you seriously asking this ? 
  would you be surpriced if i told you that racism is way more common among nationalists than with other people ? 
   criticism against islam by whites is very commonly dismissed as racism . 
  that 's because conversation about islam , or even about immigration is quite often dominated by racists . 
  it 's not surpricing at all that people do jump to conclusions even when they are not correct . 
  so yeah , currently it 's really difficult to have a level headed and direct discussion about those subjects and it will be as long as racists are tolerated ( pun intended ) . 
   when you sit in the ep next to the polish pis then you are anything but center-left . 
  you are correct . 
  they like to present themselves as center-left since their voter base is angry working class people , but they are notoriously brilliant at saying something while doing ( or being ) something else . 
   and what the fuck makes you say that a nationalistic central-leftist party is automatically racist ? 
  umm what , besides their leader saying it , makes true finns leftist at all ? 
  i quote you : do you even politics , pal ?
