if some finnish journalist knows for a fact that he was on russian side of the border i 'd be interested in reading about it , so could you link the article ? 
   starting with the need to maintain enormous infrastructure in a rather extreme climate . 
  for example canadians ( and on a smaller scale us finns ) would like to have a word about that ... 
  the points for the strike : * the people who are hit hardest are people who have to work in shifts and many times also in the weekends , so you nurses , police , factories that run 24/7 , security guards etc etc. 
  often times those are not your most well paid jobs . 
  also notably it will generally hit professions that are low paid and have women as majority . 
  * finland has a culture of negotiation where most things that are somehow related to working are negotiated between the unions of employers and employees . 
  government does sometimes take part in the negotiantions but only to try to steer it to whichever direction or to try to smoothen the way for an agreement . 
  the methods the government is using right now have not been used probably since wwii , and have left no room for negotiating . 
  so people are pretty upset that the consensus politics that dragged finland from poverty to a rich country are now all but buried . 
  * then there 's the biggest issue , the `` why ? '' . 
  government says that this is done to ensure the competitiveness in the global market , and specially against our biggest competitors which are countries like germany or sweden etc. 
  what the government is not telling is that the agreements the unions have done in past couple of years have already vastly improved our situation against germany ( pay rises have been low enough so that inflation has eaten them ) , statistics show that . 
  what is the actual issue for example against germany is that the unemplyoment in finland eats away from productivity , but government plans that dictate that those who have jobs work longer hours does not quite fix the real problem . 
  also several notable international economists have criticized the plans as being plainly wrong . 
  so , the government is trying to fix a situation with tools that just do not work ( or are at least highly questionable at best ) . 
  however what is certain is that it would eat away from the purchasing power of finnish consumers and hurt domestic markets . 
  the issue of finland and/or sweden joining nato is quite complicated one , but basically if either one makes a move it is almost guaranteed that the popularity of nato will soar in the other country . 
  then why not do something that actually matters : fix the warped municipal structure . 
  for example sweden has less municipalities while having substantially larger population . 
  that 's a lot of municipal managers . 
  hey , just keep to your own area . 
  we 'll shut down the country every time you guys try to cross over if needed . 
  yeah , fair enough . 
  i do not have much sympathy for him or his party but honestly he did not create the problem . 
  we can debate if he could have made smarter choices but the base of the problem is still that a small export driven economy is very vulnerable for international events . 
  i think currently about half the finns are against it and a bit over a quarter are for it . 
  russias latest actions lowered the number of people against it . 
  the two main reasons are probably that nato is generally seen as an extension of us foreign politics , and the fear that joining it would both hurt relations with russia and make the long border finland has with russia effectively a nato border . 
  well put , i can only agree . 
  nothing , they 're just using them wrong . 
  well in finnish the word is ryss\u00e4 , and that word is also used as a verb for fucking up or failing ... 
  yeah , a mall in the eastern helsinki is just like a poor and war torn african country . 
  of course you can , but as i said at least in my opinion the flair adds more context . 
  for example if i 'd write something good or bad about finland i 'd imagine the tone in which it is read changes slightly with my flair . 
  that 's either confusing or funny , still not sure which ... 
  well yeah , that , but since we are usually talking about countries here , the flair prevents people from `` shooting from the bushes '' ( finnish proverb but it fits here ) , as in i for one want to know at least something about the context of the writer . 
  just out of curiosity : has cameron kept the promises he had to hastily make when the referendum started to look like a close one ? 
  well in the current situation with the general position of being half in half out ( and lowered member fees ) against fully commited countries it sort of is understandable why this happens . 
  this might be the issue that launces another referendum in scotland ? 
  in short terms i think everyone loses , however it would be worse for the uk . 
  in the longer term i 'm starting to lean towards your kind of thinking . 
  well that might be , but that is because it literally is the only champion team i can name from history in any sport , and i do n't even follow football . 
  yes you did , and it is the biggest game in the world . 
  but against the vast history that is britain it still is just that : a game . 
  watched for entertainment . 
  btw i 'm not trying to offend anyone , all of our nations have our own peculiarities . 
  i just find this one interesting . 
  it 's really weird with the brits : they have shitloads of history , both terrible and wonderful , but what is the thing that is most likely mentioned about their past by the modern brit ? 
  a football game . 
  i think in historical terms it 's just you guys . 
  yes , that 's true . 
  but i think he was implying that there has been some sort of negative shift in the military powers of the we . 
  while military spending has gone down i 'd argue that compared to the situation with we vs soviet union we is relatively stronger now . 
  china is a newer power but it really does not pose any risk to europe . 
  compared to whom ? 
  exactly . 
  case in point : norway . 
  not being in the eu does not prevent them from having loads of swedish and finnish nurses . 
  wow that seems like a script for a movie . 
  btw sports background is a bit of an understatement , savolainen won 9 olympic medals . 
  well yeah , fair enough . 
  100 years ago ? 
  well let 's check against finland : occupied - well not really , just an area of russia . 
  poor - yes . 
  underdeveloped - yes . 
  longer history in ... well anything - the country turns 100 in two years . 
   that 's how greece has managed to improve so drastically over the last 100 years and pull itself from a developping economy to a developped one without any of the advantages northern european countries enjoy . 
  just out of curiosity : what would those advantages be ? 
  as an atheist person i honestly belive eu needs members who are n't identified as christians ^ ( also , we got history ) . 
   another important change is that the poor wo n't have to continuously ask for money and justify that they need it , they 'll receive it automatically . 
  well let 's say it would be at the high end of speculation , 700 euros . 
  for single person in one of the bigger cities most goes to rent ( in helsinki all of it and more ) . 
  single parent ? 
  more spenditure . 
  i 'm having hard time figuring out how it would replace the current system since it 's really easy to come up with scenarios where you would need supplemental aid . 
   especially as it would cause resentment and division . 
  yes , i bet for example a german immigrant ( iirc they usually benefit the economy most ) would just be happy to be in finland as a second class citizen paying higher taxes for the natives to mooch on . 
  yeah , it basically means you pay more taxes so that government can give it back to you . 
  not sure where the logic in that is . 
  got any data to back that up ? 
  while you are correct there is a bigger flaw with the kind of thinking op has : basic income is supposed to make other forms of financial support obsolete ( i have no idea how but that 's another issue ) . 
  now if we have finnish citizens that do not qualify for basic income , then another system needs to be implemented for them ... which kind of destroys the whole idea of basic income . 
  we got most metal bands per capita in the world anyway so that 's already covered . 
  sorry , no biebers allowed . 
  you give him back to canada and we 'll talk . 
  win for one nordic country against sweden is a win for all the nordic countries . 
  well the answer was already mentioned above : `` one major argument in keeping the list classified has been that it only specifies individuals who have allegedly been in contact with stasi , but not the nature of the contact . 
  therefore being on the list would not constitute proof of or even indicate breaking any finnish laws . 
  consequently it was chosen not to shame potentially innocent persons in the media . '', 
  if there is a chance of innocent person being shamed i 'm content with couple of bad guys getting away with it not being published . 
  but published or not , dropping names without any proof is stupid . 
  or your name or anyone elses . 
  i find it quite stupid to make guesses of the names without any proof since these guesses , especially if made in the internet , start living a life of their own . 
  but it did . 
  russia was very interesting to western investors and the image of russia was that of a country moving towards real democracy . 
  then russia threw it all to the toilet . 
  yeah , our plan of buying our booze from estonia to clean out our own statistics is totally working . 
  from russian point of view swedens possible nato membership always links up with finlands possible nato membership , but it seems like they are avoid mentioning finland due to the fact that every time some russians warns finland of joining nato the popularity of joining goes up a bit in finland . 
  it 's not over 50 % yet , so still couple of more press releases from russia needed ...
