   good healthcare , because i have an infant . 
  among best in the world for mother and infant : helsinki  green areas to walk around , because i have a big dog . 
  loads , including central park which spans for 10 kilometers . 
   walkable city , because i do n't like to use a car . 
  walkable and excellent public transportation which is easy to use even with baby buggy . 
   \u2022 not so cold . 
  uh , ok nevermind ... 
  maybe next time put it up in the title that you are directing question only to a narrow group , like older conservatives in this case ? 
  i honestly ca n't think of one that would be totally incorrect . 
  apparently we got national bear , bird , bug , horse , dog , fish and a butterfly . 
  we also have national plant , tree and rock . 
  so i guess we just randomly point at stuff and declare them . 
  you 're not . 
  they make decent beer nowadays , it 's just that the big brands are crimes against humanity . 
  yes , but only with state monopoly . 
  i got no strong feelings about it . 
  well it 's about 10 beers in our respective countries so broadly speaking we carry the same amount . 
  ca n't say i got much experience with buying illegal stuff but i 'd say many people are like me : i always try to carry some cash with me just in case . 
  i could end up carrying the same 50 euro bill for a month but you still could need it at some point . 
  so i 'd imagine the answer to your question is cash . 
  in elementary school i did n't really have that much motivation but swedish is part of finnish curriculum so did n't have a choice . 
  otoh not sure if i 'd had motivation for any other language either so i guess it 's good i got at least swedish . 
  probably froze to death during winter . 
  so now belgium can into nordic before estonia ? 
  weird fact : finnish national broadcast company is still broadcasting weekly news , nuntii latini , in latin on finnish radio . 
  they started it in late 80s and it 's still on air as the only latin language news program in the world that is broadcast regularly . 
  now . 
  every possible problem you can think of is pretty insignificant when compared to problems that were faced on any decade in the last 100 years . 
  other option would be 1952 : at the same year helsinki olympics ( finland into some relevance ) and last of the war reparations paid to soviets . 
  quite hasselhoffy, 
  ok i 've missed that info . 
  good to know . 
  well you can argue if there was/is intra-eu racism but it practically never did/does exist on institutional level ( ie police and such ) . 
  so it is more about individuals ( obviously this could include individual police officers ) or groups having racist tendencies . 
  only concrete one i can think of is that their membership `` tax '' is collected by the state tax officials ( from those who want to be members ) . 
  they do get a share from the corporation taxation but i think that 's mostly earmarked for the upkeep of graveyards and such . 
  i swear the more i hear about this hitler fellow ... 
  for movies it has to be [ the unknown soldier ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0048752/ ) , a movie about the continuation war against soviets in 1941-44 . 
  i 'd imagine all operators have some package for under 30 $ with 4g unlimited everything , i know they even sell pre-paids for that price but i think those lack roaming abroad . 
  but that 's not even close to being comparable . 
  it 's different level of knowledge to be able to name and place countries than it is to , say , cantons in switzerland . 
  number 1 by a large margin, 
  i do n't dislike fast food restaurants , i sometimes do use them and i 'm pretty sure that if americans did not come up with them then somebody else would have , so ca n't really blame the americans for being first . 
  also americanized holidays , i think everyone can celebrate any holidays with any customs they choose , i pick and choose what traditions i want to follow anyway on more `` traditional '' holidays too . 
  what i do dislike is the constant need for small talk . 
  i know this is stereotypical of me and also not only americans do it but still ... 
  \u00c5land is a colon . 
  ^ it 's ^ next ^ to ^ turku ^ is n't ^ it, 
  finnish police is actually usually quite skilled at defusing the situation without ( or minimal ) physical confrontation when possible . 
  obviously shit sometimes happen but those are isolated cases . 
  maybe [ kalajoki sandbank ] ( https://www.google.fi/search?q=kalajoen+s%c3%a4rk%c3%a4t&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjvstkv3shuahunqpokherkcayq_auicigb&amp;biw=1687&amp;bih=1097 ) , over 3 kilometers of sandy beach quite far north . 
  best : kekkonen worst : kekkonen he managed to keep finland somewhat independent from soviets , however he was practically a dictator who kept his office for 26 years ( with the support of most political parties mind you ) . 
  it 's really not relevant to compare him to current president since after/because of kekkonen the presidency has been stripped with most of its powers . 
  [ coffee ] ( https://www.caffeineinformer.com/caffeine-what-the-world-drinks ), 
  yes , they definitely do have their own distinct identity . 
  you could roughly cut finland in to 4 areas by both culture and dialect : lapland , west , east and maybe helsinki area and its sphere of influence . 
  not that common as a whole but western finland is pretty active wrestling area . 
   my local group of friends use `` excuse my danish '' ( urs\u00e4kta danskan ) when we throw up or dry-heave . 
  in finland it 's called speaking norwegian . 
  it could also mean if someone is too drunk to speak any coherent language . 
  that 's actually one of the most obvious benefits : if even the big countries can benefit from added negotiation position/power of eu just think what it does to smaller countries . 
  i doubt many in eu are at all interested in becoming military superpower , it 's about making deals . 
   * finland : m\u00e4mmi unsure if you actually like m\u00e4mmi or you insult us by saying we got nothing better to offer than that stuff ... as a finn i naturally choose option b. 
  they might choose a side on big issues but their journalism is still pretty solid . 
   the party he would fit best social democrats has been losing support as their supporters are dying same thing has been said for decades so i guess social democrats just live longer than others . 
  or maybe social democracy has just never been the most popular choice amongst young voters . 
  our current conservative government is privatizing our health care system . 
  however as much as i think it 's not smart thing to do their goal ( at least at the moment ) is not to remove universal health care or single payer model . 
  i think they are trying too hard . 
  tukholma is close enough . 
  i remember one incident at home 10 + years ago and one at the office ~ 5 years ago . 
  now they are in power and have proved what most already knew : it was all just talk to fool people to vote them . 
  currently they poll half the support they did at election . 
  as a sidenote one thing they also promised was that mps will get to vote how they want on any issue ( unlike other parties ) . 
  no surprice there either : no other party ties their mps ' hands like they do , dissidents are penalised . 
  their previous statements read like r/trumpcriticizestrump, 
  there are countless ways to implement the system , but as long as people focus on the end result instead of only focusing on `` is this particular way to do it compatible with my ideology '' you should be fine . 
  i fear that right now our conservative government is focused on the latter while doing our healthcare overhaul ( mind you the overhaul in itself is needed ) . 
  i think there is not too much information out there ( compared to let 's say sweden ) since for most of the known history the area now called finland has just been huge forest with people scattered here and there . 
  first written documents appeared after swedish crusades and anything before that are either written by someone just visiting finland or theorized by historians . 
  well one theory states that at the end of stone age early proto-finnish language broke in to sort of proto-finnish for people in the coastal area and proto-sami for people living inland and up north at fennoscandia area . 
  definitely not a fan of our current pm . 
  the president ? 
  meh , did n't vote for him , he has n't done anything stupid . 
  well since one of the largest parties is built around that premises it 's unlikely to change soon . 
  it also results in unhealthy amount of extra bureucracy since all 300 + municipalities need their separate administrative structures . 
   yes , and to be honest i would wish for the word to stop being a taboo . 
  people should be able to love their nation without being called a racist or nazi . 
  well patriotism has very little to do with racism , and i seriously doubt it 's a taboo in most places . 
  not to be confused with nationalism . 
   closer cooperation with eastern states and good relations with the western ones would be more than enough for me . 
  so you do n't mind ee nationalists then ? 
  drink it, 
   when people generalize they are usually not very strict . 
  many people try to avoid generalizations all together . 
   `` i wo n't be part of a federation that includes people who see themselves as superior to other based on their place of birth . '', 
  sounds better ? 
  so that 's basically any federation because there are always tribal/nationalistic people . 
  do you see where trying to use generalizations lands you ? 
  in one sentence he complains about western people ( like me ) lumping all romanians as backwards and primitive bunch while at the same time he calls us all arrogant .
