  and we are happy to let you . 
  you 're welcome . 
  i never said you lied . 
   ah / r/europe where saying you want press freedom gets you downvoted . 
  ah / r/europe where blatant lying and propaganda has its supporters . 
  well they are quite powerless in a 3 party coalition government altough they were 2nd largest after the election ( they 've started to disintigrate since ) . 
  the other two ( conservative ) parties seem to be pretty much ignoring them when making policies , so their existance is probably just to vote for the government and keep their own racist elements in check . 
   as soon as we have negotiated a deal with the eu to retain access to the single market i thought the obligations that come with single market were the main reason for voting for brexit . 
  i hope you do not entertain an illusion where eu would give up one of its most basic principles just because one outsider country wants it . 
  i think they did but uks earlier deal was already causing lots of discomfort in member countries , making it really dangerous to improve it further . 
  after that choosing between eu and uk was a no-contest . 
  he is a good politician in a sense that he can rally votes with empty promises , but from the list of things he promised before election from protecting the poor to lowering immigration to not hurting transportation industry etc only one he has actually kept was lowering taxes on new cars , in a time where social benefits are being cut . 
  like with uk right now ? 
   everything they say seems to be pointing to some scenario where article 50 never gets activated it has to be : eu can not ( and should not have to ) function with one big country standing on the doorstep on its way out indefinitely . 
  this is not just about what uk wants anymore . 
  cameron is still the pm and he will continue to attend all the meetings needed as the pm untill he has a successor . 
  it really is the only option for him . 
  ah ok , so my memory failed me on that one . 
  did he not say earlier that he would step down in case of brexit ? 
  if that 's the case he 's just following through with it . 
   does matriarchy has a place in [ current year ] ? 
  and i 'll be fighting it next to you when it becomes a concern . 
  but untill then you are alone with your fears . 
  there are plenty , it 's just that those ( center-left ) arguments do n't make sexy headlines . 
  proof is an outdated measurement that is probably mostly used in the usa anymore and even there it 's likely more of a marketing gimmick : abv is required , proof is allowed on bottles . 
   you are telling me that you paid 12 $ for like 0.5 ltr beer in a restaurant ? 
  yes , that 's norway pricing alright . 
  it 's as crazy as pricing in your country , only the opposite end of it ( yeah i know there are cheaper beers but not in a country with the level of wages germany has ) . 
   and that is really the helsinki-region . 
  true , and i do not see even that as unhealthy : as long as there are way more people willing to live ( and pay for it ) in helsinki than there are available housing the prices absolutely should go up . 
  that 's basic economics . 
  well we did kind of set the world on fire few times ... 
  ok , apart from antarctica and australia . 
  sweden sure but while finland and norway have very good relations sweden and estonia are way more relevant in daily life in finland . 
   finland is still a bureaucratic nightmare with very high taxes bureaucracy in finland works way better than most places in the world . 
  high taxes are a choice , a price to be payed for welfare state . 
  i know finns like to complain a lot about those things but it really is due to lack of perspective most of the time . 
  the snow is piled somewhere out of the way before trucks come to take it away to snow dumping sites . 
  do workers in your country eat the snow or how does it disappear ? 
  probably heat pump , not ac ( as in both warming and cooling ) . 
  yeah , fair enough . 
  i can certainly understand if people of hyvink\u00e4\u00e4 were riled up because of the events , it was quite brutal . 
  well not really , unlike the vikernes-case people generally did not blame musical affiliation in the finnish case for a pretty simple reason : metal is mainstream in finland and it 's almost impossible to demonise anything mainstream . 
   people have been civilised and started drinking wine and stuff instead of good old br\u00e4nnvin . 
  oh yeah now i get it !, 
  we in finland thought we 'd be really civilised if we added some wine to usual vodka drinking but i guess it should have been instead . 
  ( the kicker is that this really is what happened . ), 
   the hysteria of eastern europeans over russia is astonishing . 
  yeah calm down ukraine !, 
  you 're being paranoid . 
  it 's really quite interesting : what little discussion i have seen on this subject i have not seen people defending her , however i 've seen lots of people complaining about people who defend her . 
  that 's the reason there are only 5 million finns left . 
  ( it 's fine , your biggest fear is probably dehydration , which is sort of ironic considering we are talking about drinking ), 
  no need to get offended : we call russians vends and the word for sweden is likely taken from roslagen area which itself means something about rowing . 
  also the word for estonia is after an ancient county . 
  so what do we know . 
  so you basically repeated the same thing you said earlier  i am getting downvoted but i do quite enjoy it well at least you got that going for you , have fun . 
   how does one vote change anything ? 
  you go from 18,000,668 to 18,000,669 you do realize that 's 18,000,668 times one vote , do you ? 
  well i 'd say they are in the same ballpark but i guess that 's a matter of opinion , but they are more moderate than most of the other populist-nationalist parties of europe . 
  however if halla-aho manages to get elected as the chairman they will move further right . 
  yet in many of those places social democrats seem to gain support now , and given the opening argument is just should not be possible . 
   scottish nationalist is shaking the structures yes , just like in all other european nations , like austria , netherlands , norway , denmark , sweden , greece , poland , uk and so many others . 
  this is why the social democrats are losing , because nationalists are taking over . 
  no , just no . 
  snp is not part of the alt right movement of europe . 
  that argument is just plainly false . 
  i did some quick googling and found that social democrats are leading the polls in sweden and denmark , second in austria . 
  france is a bit messy with the presidentials , in italy number one again ( if that party is social democratic ? 
  ) , do n't know about poland , scottish nationalist party is shaking the structures there , and greece is still in political turmoil . 
  so if that is the worst in europe that social democrats have i think they are fine . 
  i really do n't know what the situation is in different countries but at least what is in the news is that the german numbers point to opposite . 
   social security has to be cut again in the future anyways . 
  yes , this is and has been the opinion and ideology of ncp . 
   the social democrats probably wo n't do very well in the future as most of their voters are headed for the grave . 
  this has been said for decades , so i can only assume that social democrats live longer than others since it has n't happened yet . 
  also by going with the very same logic everyone should vote for green in few decades . 
   and have always been supportive of gay rights no . 
  the first time the equal marriage law was in the parliament it was effectively the ncp that stopped it ( together with your usual suspects : center party , true finns and christian democrats ) . 
  so yeah , there are liberal people in ncp but it is more conservative than most people realize . 
  yet this does n't appear to hold any truth when comparing nations in europe . 
  my country is quite homogenous but we are doing about as well as countries like germany , austria , sweden , belgium or any other country that has at least twice the amount of immigrants per capita . 
  yes , i remember that debate . 
  and if i remember correctly the universities that gave him the title were really not happy to be associated with his name . 
  that 's why i 'm assuming no finnish university wants to touch him now . 
   he 's employed as a docent * was employed . 
  i do n't think any university at least in finland wants to accept him anymore . 
  i think the title is permanent and not related to what you are doing now . 
  he has phd but as far as i know he is not a professor . 
  also it 's funny that the english language article mentions him championing russian child custody battle right at the top while he himself had a particulary ugly battle with his former russian wife . 
  but in finland he is considered as a traitor in general but also general consensus is that he still should have the right to speak . 
  actually i do n't think so . 
  france or any other country would still be able to send troops anywhere under their countries own flag , in my opinion the structure that could have any chance of being implemented would mean that eu military forces would only be used by eu in case of defence . 
  that is making a huge assumption that eu military is built to reflect power all around the globe . 
  i see absolutely zero chance of that being the case at this stage . 
  and i asked for a source . 
  i really do n't think that 's an unreasonable request . 
   there are people like leena hietanen and johan b\u00e4ckman getting airtime . 
  those are the finnish journalists who try to claim that estonia has an apartheid regime which is extremely russophobic and that the soviet occupation is a myth . 
  b\u00e4ckman is n't a journalist and his main focus is spreading disinformation about finland in russia .
