  but you are making the mistake of thinking that i was trying to draw a picture of a democratic china . 
  i 'm not , it 's pretty obvious there 's terrible list of things that are bad . 
  i just said they are slowly moving forward , which you yourself admitted in relation to mao . 
  even with my very limited knowledge of china i do know that current administration has done some weird choices , but i 'm talking about longer perspective . 
   it 's a totalitarian dictatorship . 
  it does n't get much worse than this . 
  actually i sort of disagree because it was worse than this . 
  it still is a totalitarian dictatorship but i honestly think that it is improving , altough incredibly slowly and by taking 3 steps forward and 2 back . 
  obviously the change has to be really slow in a country that size so that it wont end up in a chaos but i think they are moving forward . 
  no , he 's trying to suppress or derail the topic by making it about different subject . 
  that 's very common and effective tactic used specially here in reddit . 
  i agree on 1 and 3 but i 'd argue that more common word for uk in finnish is brit ( for both the country and the people ) , england not so much . 
  well you only say that because it 's not 4am after a day of heavy drinking ( those are the official conditions to eating makkaraperunat ) . 
  added bonus : manual car is much easier to get out of snow ( or any other stuff for that matter ) if you get stuck . 
  well we address everyone by their first name at work too , altough i 'd imagine there are some exceptions somewhere . 
   keep in mind that poles ( or : in polish language ) do n't refer to people that they do n't know by name or by `` you '' - we refer to almost everyone as mr/mrs and we talk to them in third person . 
  when you start knowing someone , especially in professional relations , you start talking to using mr firstname . 
  you start using first name only if both side officially agree to it . 
  nordic countries generally do not use titles unless in a very formal context ( besides the president and maybe military ca n't think of anyone else whos title is always used ) , do we come off as rude to you guys when we visit your country ? 
   ( p.s. 
  i know that this sub hates it when americans ask thoughts on my country questions just curious given it the 75 anniversary . ), 
  i do n't think this is true , and actually that is kind of the very reason this sub exists, 
  it is quality beer , however i personally think it suffers from 2 things : it is overpriced and overhyped . 
  but definitely something you should try . 
  trained with an assault rifle like most of the males ( and some of the females ) in my country . 
  i 've also occatianally shot with a variety of other weapons . 
  however i do not and do not want to own a weapon . 
  we do n't mention that phone brand here anymore ... 
  if anything we are overpresented in the internet relative to our size . 
  in the international media ? 
  well other than country comparison charts we are pretty invisible which usually means that it 's peacefull and calm here . 
   we do drink alcohol to get shitfaced but that is only one and much less frequent use of it . 
  hey !, 
  speak for you own country !, 
  we are just learning the wine culture with meals here but it 's just an addition to the amount we usually drink to get shitfaced . 
  same here , altough i 'd guess they are much more rare here . 
  i really do not think it has anything to do with attitudes towards nudity as such . 
  probably the dialect used in the greater helsinki area . 
  people from rural areas claim that people in the capitol area think they are better than them . 
  well , we are . 
  yes , members of military seem to have a very prominent role in large portion of national sports events in the us . 
  and the announcers do make sure that the audience notice it . 
  well it 's practically unavoidable if you for example follow any us sports . 
  `` thank you for your service '' ? 
  that whole concept seems pretty alien to me . 
  finland, 
  well ours are strong in theory since they are in a 3 party coalition cabinet , however in practice they are pretty irrelevant since the other 2 conservative center-right parties are calling the shots . 
  i probably half-unconsciously already look for alternatives due to trump getting elected . 
  while some of true finns supporters might be quite radical , the party itself is sometimes even trying to suppress the most craziest elements . 
  also getting in to the cabinet has effectively shut them up from their earlier populist bullshit . 
  so currently they are not quite as bad as trump . 
  oh yeah , along with trabant and lada jokes , but skoda has since reinvented themselves as a serious contender . 
  it 's not really only for eastern europeans anymore , it 's really popular here also . 
  skoda has a reputation ( at least in finland ) of being a reliable and smart choice , however it 's never cool or flashy . 
  it is often the prefered choice for people who need to drive a lot . 
   it 's usually faster to fax something ( requiring less human time/attention , anyway ) than to scan it in and e-mail it . 
  but usually you still need to get it to digital form since at least here new archived material tends to go digital . 
  so you 're basically just pushing the digitalization to the receiver , with a diminished quality copy . 
   also , there is a long legal precedent establishing faxes as admissible in courts of law . 
  i do n't think our legislation favors faxes over digital versions . 
  unless you have further knowledge of the language i 'd bet you can differentiate them as much as you can tell the difference between two finnish dialects . 
  yeah well unsurprisingly same goes for finnish . 
  my office does really not fax anything out anymore , but we need to be able to receive faxes because some still use it . 
  long drink ( grape soda and gin sold in a can/tap ) . 
  or vodka with salted liqourish . 
  with all them tourists there ? 
  that 's just cruel . 
  well that sounds more sane than us finns picking up moose and reindeer for food with our cars . 
  i think the result placed us-eu relationship on hold , it also means that eu and more specifically merkel is now effectively the leader of the free world ( wheter she likes it or not ) . 
  but this is also great opportunity for eu to forget the petty domestic shit and unite due to waking up in a more hostile world . 
  oh yeah , breakfast burrito has to be the weirdest consept . 
  like really wtf ? 
  well it 's not like that slimy thing is that popular here either , more of an easter `` treat '' . 
  your blood pudding is very similar to our blood sausage ( or black sausage as we call it ) , we also make pancakes out of it . 
  yup , yesterday it was obama , today it 's merkel . 
  not really sure how this relates to subject at hand , weed is legal in some states which is hell of a lot more than most of the countries can say , and gay rights are a problem in almost all the countries where religion plays larger role ( and few where it does n't ) . 
  so this model has the added benefit of already being approved by most states before nationalization , which in turn makes both political and real world implementation easy . 
  never thought of it that way , kind of cool . 
  til . 
  so although that will be incredibly slow way to implement it at least it is moving forward . 
  good for you . 
  it 's not common , actually probably partly because people would rather take the money anyway . 
  but it is a handy tool for example when a company is temporarily short of work . 
  well it 's more like what you do n't have : i ca n't wrap my head around the fact that you are a very rich western country which can not afford universal health care . 
  the norm and also generally the minimum is 5 weeks , maybe 10 public holidays and holiday bonus money . 
  pretty good actually for a big country with small population . 
  trains can sometimes be in trouble during coldest winter but otherwise public transportation is pretty reliable and on time . 
  no , never seen one . 
  we use car heating systems ( as in systems that heat your car before you start it ) and shovels . 
   just out of curiosity , are there formal rules on carding ? 
  like if someone looks below , say 30 ? 
  or in certain places ( supermarkets , etc ) . 
  in short : yes . 
  it 's not an actual law or anything but the stores in finland agreed with each other to start to card anyone who looks below 30 few years back . 
  there 's are no such agreements made for bars or restaurants though . 
  stagnant economy , health care system reform which connects to municipal reform , cuts to benefits , unemployment , immigration . 
  well , sauna . 
  true finns * said * they were closer to social democrats in same regards when in opposition , but started to practise right wing politics the second they got to power . 
  hey we get called scandinavian so it 's only fair that we 're not the only ones suffering from mislabeling . 
  yeah , it 's quite easy to counter arguments if finland made right decisions by just pointing out to the fate of the baltic nations , so that 's not a war that raises political debates domestically .
