  problems with this issue pop up here all the time . 
  yet it has nothing to do with how other states reacted and should that reaction ( or lack of it ) still effect current relationships . 
  sorry but we were talking about what happened before . 
  well if you think freedom house got it wrong you are free to present your case . 
  edit : also reporters without borders have poland ranked 18 in 2015 , 47 in 2016 and 54 in 2017 . 
  so there are even multiple sources backing my claim . 
  in a very rough 3 step grade yes . 
  obviously it does n't mean that situation is anywhere near as bad as afghanistan . 
   poland 's status declined from free to partly free due to government intolerance toward independent or critical reporting , excessive political interference in the affairs of public media , and restrictions on speech regarding polish history and identity , which have collectively contributed to increased self-censorship and polarization . 
  [ freedomhouse about press freedom in poland 2017 ] ( https://freedomhouse.org/report/freedom-press/2017/poland ) edit : sorry , but downvoting me does not change the opinion of freedom house on this issue , no matter how hard you hope so . 
  sometimes truth just hurts . 
   poland has been left alone by european allies , not long time ago . 
  lesson learned , pick better allies . 
  well , all i can say is i 'm glad my country got over this train of thought . 
  nobody argued what is allowed , but it does n't mean everyone should like every flavour . 
  and those labels stem from actual real life decisions . 
  yes i agree that sweden was portrayed negatively , but i think it 's not because of what sweden did , so there 's nothing for sweden to be embarrassed about . 
  it 's more about who assange is . 
  no not as such , but labels like authoritarian , nationalist undertone and populist with strong leaning on religious values can be attached to both parties . 
  but the current one is also politically closer to trump . 
  yes , because everyone knows which side macron stands . 
  i do n't see how this was embarrassing to sweden . 
  they tried to do things by the book but failed . 
  however anything short of invading a foreign embassy in a foreign country would have failed anyway . 
  as a nordic person i find it very alien that a suspect of a serious crime would be allowed to make demands for the prosecutor just because he is famous , but i guess that 's a cultural thing . 
  does your country allow suspects to dictate terms ? 
   poland and the netherlands both have a low murder rate that 's at around 0.7 per 100.000 . 
  3.25 , we win !, 
  no wait , shit ... edit : actually that 's gun related deaths , murder rate is more like 1.6 , so we still win/lose, 
  yeah it 's crazy how all [ insert demography ] think that [ insert demography ] are all the same . 
  glad we here are above it . 
  that 's totally irrelevant since we are talking about countries . 
  if a case can be made that some action is generally beneficial for companies of country x , then country x will/should try to do it . 
  if some companies of country x are against said action then it 's harder . 
  because it is harder for trump to spin any wider meaning from this for american companies since few already broke rank . 
  their motives are not that important in this regard . 
  that 's relevant ammo for eu if us administration wants to argue the case . 
   that would be some premium bullshit on googles part and i hope it is just an assumption of those companies , not something google actually tries to pull off . 
  well the important thing to understand is that it would be aimed at us administration to get them to help google . 
  that 's a pretty significant letter , it really undermines the weapons us admin could have in fighting this . 
  neither is military . 
  that 's really the only asset russia has . 
  actually f-secure is european and it is pretty secure . 
  well at this point these threads could just be titled `` told you so '' for all the people who argued it would n't happen . 
  i doubt op was arguing that ? 
   which a lot of people ** feel ** is n't what is happening this is basically one of the biggest problems for the eu . 
   and even a guy bicycling without a shirt . 
  that 's crazy , he could get sunburn on top of the obvious heat stroke . 
  actually not irrelevant . 
  the mechanism is a bit different and the speed is much slower but land rebound is effecting the landscape on longer scale . 
  yeah whenever people think of nazis they think nice and helpful . 
  why does sweden have better neighbours ? 
  actually more like the land is rising , so no . 
   problem is , they are n't even close to similar economies ( and no amount of fudging will fix that ) and so the bit that has to go with that is that when one part is suffering , because of the policies set up for the whole , then the rest have to help out the bits suffering . 
  but their economy is improving . 
  you 're presenting this as if unification is happening tomorrow , it 's not . 
   and then greece got into trouble and germany said `` fuck you '' . 
  still greece is in a situation of enforced poverty due to german action and intransigence , that they have no way out of . 
  while you can argue about the terms a fact is that greece was given money . 
  and everything was approved by imf too . 
  and the situation was not created by germans , it was created by greece . 
   ( since nothing was fixed ) yes , good that you agree with me on this one . 
  many of the proposed fixes were shot down in eu by london city and therefore uk . 
  i guess they are just  content to stick fingers in ears and hum loudly . 
   i 'd love to know what hate i 'm harboring yeah , i 'm sure it 's so ingrained in you that you do n't even see it . 
  but only in this thread you called europeans pansies , and then ( as a true patriot i 'm sure ) called a person serving your own country and you retarded and having a `` degenerate phase '' . 
  well case in point : your opening line to this thread was to call someone retarded . 
  that kind of negativity and hatred . 
  i ca n't even imagine what my life would be like if i had that much anger in me what your posts suggest . 
  i 'd say very miserable . 
  why yes i am , well done . 
  i am intrigued by you the_donald users because you seem to thrive on negativity and hatred . 
  while very rare it 's certainly not like we do n't have our share of attacks on public . 
  few school shootings and the boom at myyrmanni last decade . 
  hey everyone , a real live le_ronald specimen here in r/europe . 
  now be carefull and do n't scare it away , it might look aggressive but it just lashes out because it is confused . 
   karelia meh , we 're content with western karelia , if someone wants to fund eastern parts to catch up to 21st century then go ahead . 
  i do n't think those kind of mass firings are everyday occurrences in russia ( or even in turkey ) . 
  they sure as hell are not in eu . 
   eu forces spending much is not because they are training well or taking active role , but rather they are having modern facilities for their soldiers , providing more salaries and such , which does not have much role in an active combat with russia . 
  i 'll just leave [ this ] ( http://tass.com/defense/885430 ) here ... tldr ; russia kicked some of its top military command out because of the `` non-problems '' mentioned by op , also combat training was an issue . 
  turns out you do need money . 
  yeah and further north places like kaaresuvanto ( which is only a village mind you ) has even the same name both sides of the border . 
  as opposed to 4chan ? 
  interesting ... 
  as are gays in russian culture . 
  should we draw some conclusions from that too ? 
   i do n't believe in the holy free west anymore , where everyone is rich and everything is working right , it 's literally the same shit as russia when it comes to approaches and government-people relationships . 
  it 's the same propaganda in media and us vs them mentality . 
  this image of holy west is the construct of your own imagination , do n't blame us if you were disappointed because of your own fantasies . 
  also saying the west is same as russia in any extent is just as delusional . 
  maybe next time you do an ideological 180 try to stop before you end up at the other extreme of spectrum again , truth is usually somewhere in between . 
  `` jewish republic of turkey '' oh my ... 
  this is where i disagree : being a minister is a political position , not an expert position . 
  maybe apart for minister of justice i see no reason why ministers should be a specialist on his/her field . 
  it helps but it should not be a requirement . 
  that 's why there are actual experts employed by the state . 
  honestly i was not expecting them to last this long . 
  it 's pretty obvious this is not what timo soini had in mind when he formed the party in the 90 's , but instead of actually doing something about it and following through with his talks 10 + years ago he was more interested in getting the votes these hard liners brought for the party . 
  ( * tinfoil hat on * ) this was always plan b for soini if terho lost the election for chairmanship .
