  what 's the point of spreading rumour anyway at this point , there is plenty of real things to discuss or be angry about . 
  my argumenation is based on what we know , your 's is based on rumour . 
  i 've answered your question plenty , you just refuse to understand it so it 's not worth repeating . 
   although its authenticity could not be confirmed this document is unconfirmed and unauthenticated so discussing it 's content is pointles . 
  all sides are using propaganda heavily at the moment . 
  you might be falling for one of those . 
  i choose to believe that there are way too many interests currently fighting for power and influence in ukraine for us to have any real sense in what is actually happening . 
  we only get served stuff to steer us one way or the other . 
  let me reiterate . 
  this is in no way confirmed so you can speculate all you want but i wont indulge you in discussing rumour . 
  it 's standard practice in all civilised countries with different agencies in charge of security . 
  they always draw up plans in case of emergancies . 
  some ridiculous and others not so . 
  it 's why we have civilian leadership that weighs these plans . 
  what are n't you getting or are you suggesting there are no plans put forth by noone and there is one master plan written by the commander in chief himself each time an emergency arises ? 
  what has happened is sad but the country was falling apart and that is an extremely complex process where many interest groups and security agencies adopt different approaches and some act in self preservation . 
  it 's not black and white . 
  it 's complex . 
  does n't take any of the blame from the ones in power but there is no need to simplify it and paint it as something as it 's not . 
  there 's plenty real stuff to be angry about . 
  this just distracts from the real problems . 
  where is the word massacre or anything to that effect used in the alleged document ? 
  you just wo n't stop with the distortions will you . 
  various security agencies prepare different plans in case of emergancies all the time . 
  does n't mean they would ever be used in reality . 
  and this document is in no way athenticated so i might as well draw up my own version and post it as truth if that 's all the verification you need . 
  says the guy trusting unconfirmed rumors and sensationalised titles . 
  this is not black and white as much as you 'd like it to be or make it seem . 
  it 's authenticity could not be confirmed and the word massacre is never used . 
  also plans like this are drawn up for pretty much every major event by one security institution or the other . 
  stop with the propaganda and focus on the real issues that this country faces . 
  none of that is yet confirmed or announced . 
  it 's just speculations and second hand reports/rumour . 
  the good news is that the heads of four security agencies including the berkut said they would not take part in a broader conflict with the people . 
  let 's hope . 
  the provintial governments in the east are questioning the authority of the parliament which could indicate they are preparing to split . 
  i 'm still cautious since this confusion could be advantageous to the president if he 's intent to fight to stay in power . 
  he cloud be regrouping in a safer area and preparing to inact marital law or something similar . 
  i 'm hopeful this is not the case . 
  either something heavy is going to go down or he 's resigning and fleeing . 
  i 'm worried it 's going to be the former and hoping for the latter . 
  i get it , it 's a loaded topic . 
  i probably should have made it clear that i do n't think the violence in ukraine was unprovoked although i do think it was a little disproportional in the beginning from the side of the protestors . 
  after the basiaclly illegal passing of the new law and the escalation of force from the police i completely understand the violent response . 
  you make way too many presumptions about how i feel about the specific situation in ukraine . 
  all i 'm saying is broad statements like , it 's ok to turn violent and burn the police if they take my rights away are n't helping anyone either . 
  the way things have turned in ukraine are obviousley beyond that point and i understand and support the response . 
  your rights are taken away all the time . 
  having rights at all means you do n't have the right to do many things and this varies accross nations and cultures . 
  saying any limitation of rights legitimises violent response from the people is ridiculous and shows complete lack of understanding of how democracy works . 
  true and fair democracy requires active citizens at all times . 
  once we let it get to the point of people shooting each other in the street we 've all failed . 
  he is . 
  but he is n't going any time soon . 
  they will offer as much as they can without actually disturbing the current power structure that is essntial in ukraine 's closer ties with russia . 
  they 'll probably repeal the laws they inacted against the protesters too so they 'll bring the situation back to where it was when the protests started but as far as actually changing the situation which started the protests i do n't think that will happen before martial law and a small civil war . 
  too many powerful interests are at play in ukraine . 
  also do n't forget the country is divided . 
  many people do n't agree with the protesters . 
  their personal reasoning is irrelevant . 
  there is this thing called the justice system and these guys are an extension of it . 
  it 's not called the revenge system . 
  i do understand the motivation for some of the cops to be aggressive seeing the abuse some went through but straight out throwing molotovs is in no way justifiable for an officer of the law . 
  the title itself is disrespectful as well , to say nothing about the music . 
  `` best of compilation '' , i 'm trying not to say it but fuck you . 
  this is not entertainment material . 
  people are fucking dying and the country is crumbling on the borders of our precious eu . 
  we 're sitting at home comfortably assessing the situation and trying to understand the players and the game while others are risking their lives for whatever cause that you agree with or not . 
  show some fucking respect . 
  this is no time to make catchy and edgy videos with stupid titles . 
  it 's almost impossible to watch this video as informational . 
  it 's infotainment , disaster tourism , while people are freezing , being shot , beaten and so on for a cause they seem to believe in enough to expose themselves to it . 
  people are banging clubs on the stuff laying around . 
  they 've been doing it all day but , you cant see them now . 
  it 's the same stream . 
  it 's a screen capture of the ustream one so if ustream goes down this one will as well . 
  and it does make sense , i just fear the conditions are different now than they were when ireland was joining and i 'm not sure we 'll recover any time soon . 
  the recovery process might also be made harder because of the specifics i was mentioning along with our on ineptness and incompetence . 
  thanks for the genuinely rewarding exchange of arguments and thoughts . 
   although there 's more to life than economics and that 's my whole point . 
  the jobs being created are sub par and the better educated and ambitious people are leaving slovenia instead of starting a business here for obvious reasons . 
  nobody can blame them . 
  there is no way we compete with the many opportunities lets say germany provides for the better educated . 
  it 's easier to go and join a big successful company there than it is to create something here and in the long term that can be catastrophic for the structure of our society . 
  it 's a complex problem but i 'm of the opinion that we and many others joined the union too soon . 
  the numbers can be rising while the quality of living is falling . 
  those are n't mutually exclusive . 
  this post is about what we see as problematic with eu . 
  i recognize many advantages it has to all the involved parties but let 's be honest about the problems too . 
  you obviously have n't read or understood what it is that bothers me because you 're arguing with yourself . 
  the better educated workforce is leaving their countries to go work in the more developed , older members of the eu because eu lifts most limitations in this regard . 
  the cheap goods are flooding our markets and we are struggling to compete . 
  what is left behind is the less mobile uneducated workforce which is cheaper then the same level workforce in the developed nations and is therefore more competitive yes but it 's also very convenient for the developed nations to have access to such a cheap workforce nearby and held to higher standards than let 's say china . 
  but that 's all there is to it and that 's not what i imagine most would like to see . 
  centralization of highly skilled workers and cheap outsourcing of factories and other productions to the new members . 
  you talk about facts and yet you fail to provide any which would dispute my particular arguments . 
  the trade figures say nothing about the specifics of the industries and jobs this is creating . 
  if you do n't see this as a problem , that 's fine , but i do . 
  and that 's a much better approach . 
  wait until a country is ready to compete in this leveled playing field and then join the union .
