while i agree , both statements are a gross oversimplification of reality and your counterargument is just as useless as the argument of the apologists is . 
  i said that figuratively , i thought that much was obvious . 
  free movement inside eu is still going to have to be restrained and redefined if you 'd like to achieve what you propose , something that is unacceptable for most of europe . 
  and the whole argument becomes moot if you stop feeding people misinformation about this issue and how it 's draining uk economy , it 's not . 
  most likely we 'll have to find a different way to deal with whatever you find wrong with low skilled or illegal immigration other than restriction , it has never worked . 
  i 'm pretty sure migrants work too , if they can find work . 
  it 's just that they are many times uneducated and unadapted to the needs of the society they are migrating to and so they either work shitty jobs or ca n't get work at all . 
  since the attitude towards them is negative they have a hard time integrating . 
  it 's a complex issue that requires effort on both sides , like it or not . 
  closing down borders and pretending this is n't happening is just not an option . 
  by the way , do you have any respectable source for your statistics ? 
  in a country like sweden one would expect to have very low percentage of people on welfare so i would n't be too surprised to see a large percentage of that to be migrants but still , source would be nice . 
  does it really matter if they are a net gain . 
  it 's not like they have equal opportunity . 
  europeans mostly have a major headstart in terms of education and the general environment for growth , so it would be very dissapointing for us to be matched in prouctivity by people coming from much less priviliged areas . 
  what you 're saying just reinforces my point . 
  to which the us could easily have said no . 
  [ it had interests in the region so it went along . 
  ] ( http://www.aecom.com/news/_news/aecom+announces+us$209-million+contract+with+libyan+housing+and+infrastructure+board+for+nation-wide+housing,+infrastructure+development+program ), 
  i 'm pretty sure us does n't go into conflicts that are n't one way or the other in it 's interest in the end . 
  when has nato * ever * forced us into a conflict , it was always the other way around . 
  true !, 
  well the city is beautiful , but i 'd say we have other places to invest money that more urgently need it than building facades and stone pavements in the city centre . 
  it 's also very debatable how much money was spent on fixing it up . 
  there are corruption charges all over the mayor regarding shady construction deals . 
  the mayor once said he wants the ladies to be able to walk in high heels throughout city centre without stumbling ... he also said when denying funding for a technological park , that young slovenian men should learn how to grab a shovel and dig a hole ... 
  anyway ... 
  we have quite strict laws regarding that as well but at least in ljubljana , the mayor/municipality does n't really care and helps find loopholes to whoever wants to pay the city well to put up ads . 
  due to high spending on making the city pretty on the outside the debt we have is well over a billion . 
  nobody seems to care though . 
  at least not openly . 
  ljubljana is pretty much the most ad polluted city in europe at least . 
  ads everywhere , to the point of ridiculous . 
  i was pretty careful not to be generalising that 's why i used the word `` limited '' . 
  i get along with most people just fine but my limited experience with americans is that of exaggarated sweatness and over excitement or awesomness . 
  everything is awesome and everyone is lovely with little prior examination . 
  it 's just something i found bothered me a lot since i preffer people get to know me and appreciate me for who i really am , or not . 
  not everyone is awsome and sweet and not everything i do or say deserves praise . 
  it 's sleng for `` understand '' . 
  `` ne \u0161tekam '' ( i do n't understand ) . 
  in ja , ta na\u0161teti , 
  tega pa ne \u0161tekam ... ( i do n't get it ), 
  i guess the smaller the nation the greater the need to adapt . 
  i love it . 
  it never hurt but i can speak 4 languages out of the box . 
  that 's probably because english has been accepted as the language of science throughout the western world . 
  that 's more to do with the british empire than america . 
  you do know everyone knows english partly because you export your popular culture masterfully . 
  if reality was a civilisations game you would have won cultural victory 30 years ago . 
  stop selling your movies , tv shows , books , games , software and so on all around the world and people might not learn your language as a part of their growing up routine . 
  i ca n't speak for others , but my limited but mostly disappointing experience with americans comes from meeting you guys and gals , not reading about you . 
  you do n't represent to well either with your comment . 
  is this another loaded question on this subreddit because this is getting out of hands now . 
  and no , the more languages i know the better , for everyone . 
  what you learn is what people think of a nation based on their experience with a small sample size . 
  while it might be fun it can also quickly lead to harmful generalisation . 
  and since it 's useless i see no reason for promoting or provoking it with such useless open questions . 
  are these questions really productive and good for this subreddit or europe in general ? 
  i feel like they are mostly loaded questions . 
  they without a doubt provoke discussion about stereotypes and generalisations which i ca n't see in any way positive . 
  you ca n't seriously ask an opinion on millions of people and at the same time say you do n't want to hear stereotypes . 
  i see way too much of these in this subreddit lately . 
  ok , so i think the presumptions you make are just plain wrong and have no basis in reality . 
  what we 're seeing is a less and less politically and socially active populous and there is no indication that this is changing . 
  you paint a pretty story but so does the american constitution . 
  we have the luxury of learning from history and you refuse to acknowledge it . 
  i 'm not going to support any kind of centralisation of power until we clearly define our vision and a structure/mechanism that will defend the people against the interests of profit or private interests much better than what we see in comparitive systems today . 
   one place to lobby mean one place to lobby and counter-lobby for different laws , instead of dozens of places where you only need to find the weak link in the chain . 
  i 'm not sure how you 're unable to take reality and apply it to this situation . 
  the power to lobby is ridisoulsly greater on the side of the big capital and corporations than on the side of the people . 
  it seems as if you 're ignoring this reality entirely . 
  until we fix this problem i 'd rather see things fragmented . 
  i still do n't think you in any way provided an argument that would reassure me a centralised governing body would be harder to lobby or that the potential for abuse of such power would be lesser or somehow controlled by a mechanism that we could trust . 
  it 's good we have examples to look at to make sure we do n't make the same mistakes . 
  i do n't think my worries should be dismissed as non issues since they seem to have proved themselves inate to big systems all over histroy . 
  i think us is a great example of you being wrong . 
  our better position as a federation externally in regards to other superpowers is undoubtable and that 's one of the reasons i said i 'd love to see europe more united but the rest of your argument is very shaky and i ca n't see any argumentation for it in your response . 
   the benefits for environmental protection how is that in any way a sure consequence of federation . 
  take the us again for an example . 
  one place to lobby deragulation has proved to be disastrous . 
  you could provide some arguments besides an empty statement , you know . 
  while i 'd love a stronger and more united europe , i 'm really afraid of making it much easier on big capital to influence the decisions in one place easily . 
  as it is i feel like europe is less of a hore for money and donations also because it 's fragmented . 
  it 's much harder to lobby for big changes in the whole region that way and regional differences in values , skills , priorities and so on balance things out even if it does take longer to achieve consensus or inact changes . 
  again , i 'd love a more united europe but one that predicst these issues and creates a framework that completely disables such abuse of centralisation . 
  i 've been scouring the web for any proof of an invasion ever since and have yet to find any . 
  i understand a couple of troops have been identified as russian on ukrainan soil but still the invasion part is illusive to me . 
  please please point me at a source that would agree with what you 're saying or at least share with me the evidence that you 've personally gathered that support your claim so i can get some rest . 
  would you be so kind . 
  i want to get my dooms day bunker ready in case you 're right . 
  i 'm really not into speculation as much as most of you here are . 
  i 've stated plenty that i 'm worried for ukraine , i do n't approve in no way actions russia is taking but that what i 'm seeing is a former superpower trying to protect it 's interests in ways i do n't agree with but also do n't think amount to an invasion . 
   nothing of what you said before `` so yes ... '' leads to the conclusion that ukraine should be weak to eu 's benefit this is the part i think clarifies it , not sure how you could miss it . 
  no reading between the lines necessary . 
  i was pretty clear . 
  with a little clarification in the second quote . 
   there is no consensus in ukraine regarding who to favour , west or east , so it 's dangerous for eu to have a ticking time bomb in its union . 
  if a recession hit ukraine while in the eu sometime in the future there is no way of knowing the country would n't turn to russia for help or shelter . 
   so yes , i think eu does want a weak ukraine or just the part that it can bet on in the long term [ to join the eu ] and leave the rest to russia . 
  then that 's what he said .
