  i just returned from serbia and the sentiment seems highly negative . 
  i would argue otherwise . 
  if it was the dream that was being marketed , people would gladly accept its directions . 
  with its current suggestions/demands , it 's very invasive in how we deal with the crisis and other issues and people are barely complaining . 
  well maybe from the couch , but you can hardly count that as meaningful . 
  eu is not what we would like it to be . 
  i 'm honestly very concerned about how the eu will proceed after all these revelations . 
  it removes the very little real sovereignty countries have left ( especially mine ) by being stripped of privacy as a whole . 
  with such infiltration it 's impossible to know the scale of manipulation . 
  if this stands and no real change or response is put in place , i 'll consider this the end of the illusion of any hope for our continent or for the western world in it 's current shape of establishment . 
  money and economic/political influence . 
  the amount of capital at disposal to us intelligence services and the government as a whole is astonishing . 
  their political power is ridiculous . 
  i 'm sure they have methods to economically isolate and punish a country in ways that are not obvious to the general public . 
  and who will be to blame ? 
  the governments of the countries involved , not the usa . 
  if you want to stay in power you have to play along and it seems that the establishments in europe are so corrupted and complicit that they do not have the balls or the integrity to stand up to that . 
  it 's on the younger generation to decide if they/we are willing to continue this practice or fight against it . 
  so people born in to unprivileged environments that prevents them from growing into productive members is a better alternative ? 
  you want people to have as many opportunities as the society can provide regardless of your social standing . 
  it 's good for everyone . 
  i 'd rather give 50 % of my earnings so that i can live in a society with equal opportunities and maximised potential of individuals than to drag everyone else down because i want everything for myself . 
  i would n't be able to be as productive or earn as much as i do without major investment in me from my birth until my first job . 
  and even now , i want well educated employees and as many customers as possible . 
  i 'm not sure how investing in others could end up being bad . 
  you 're right , i should have added `` and other terrorist and rebel groups '', 
  which is to say that isis and other terrorist or rebel groups are turkey 's allies . 
  it 's not quite as predictable if you put it in this context . 
  you 're listing exceptions that prove the rule . 
   you said that you are lazy and do n't deserve the standard you are living , not i. 
  compared to most of the developing world we are spoiled and lazy . 
   a large majority was uneducated workforce . 
  you check , because you 're wrong in your assumption . 
  war and persecution were the main causes of migration . 
  i work my ass of every day . 
  i provide , and share . 
  i do n't complain . 
   now check who migrated to us and you might learn something . 
  [ a large majority was uneducated workforce . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_immigration_to_the_united_states ), 
  we 're all lazy thieves in the west in a global historical context . 
  we took through war and exploitation . 
  it 's sad some of us are ignorant to that fact . 
  be grateful for what you have that you did n't build or deserve and try to share with others . 
  we 're all benefactor of the cheap chinese labor and cheap middle eastern oil ( which is cheap because of western intervention ) . 
   find correaltion with war and immigration . 
  i love to expose your ignorance !, 
  [ because the only war in europe was ww2 right ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_conflicts_in_europe#19th_century ), 
  yes , insulting me is truly a proof of your wisdom . 
  middle east was always one big fuck up with or without western intervention . 
  learn history !, 
  what ? 
  what are you talking about . 
  [ it 's the cradle of civilisation and western science ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cradle_of_civilization ) ... what ? 
   we 've won by force and trickery , not by hard work . 
    i do n't know what are you talking about . 
  your brains are rotten to the core , get some real education . 
  europe colonised and took advantage of half of the world and us enslaved half of africa . 
  that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  we 've won by force . 
  and with economic espionage and economically driven wars we 've won by trickery ... and force . 
   true , usa was smart that they invited smart western europeans . 
  [ they took everyone who cold name their name and was n't dead sick . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ellis_island ) the rest of your comment is pure nonsense or opinion that i do n't agree with . 
  but that 's ok . we can disagree . 
  it 's the hate i 'm bothered by . 
  reasonable points . 
  i think we have a better option of managing it if we try to help out as much as possible and that we wont be able to ignore it or stop it at turkey . 
  it 's an immensely difficult challenge though . 
  no they are n't . 
  that 's a number that concerns boat migration over the mediterranean from 9 different countries . 
  the distribution of people coming from turkey is entirely different . 
  the data you are using is useless in this context . 
  it 's data of people in camps but data of people transiting the country . 
  put those two together and you get a much more even distribution . 
  also what the fuck do you have against men trying to survive by fleeing isis ? 
   unhcr 's data show that 50.5 percent of refugees are women . 
  females age 18 to 59 make up 23.9 percent of the refugees , while males in that age group make up 21.8 percent . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.factcheck.org/2015/09/stretching-facts-on-syrian-refugees/ ), 
  you 're right . 
  i misread . 
  and i agree . 
  we have no obligation to give it to them . 
  but it 's a problem that 's not going away . 
  and we ca n't act as if it is n't happening . 
  we have to deal with it . 
  i 'm of the opinion that it 's better for our future if we deal with it reasonably and to the best of our abilities and compassion because it will otherwise bite is in the ass later down the road if for no other reason . 
  the homogenous europe we are used to is history and we need to accept it . 
  the world is going to be more and more like the us , a melting pot and there is no escaping it . 
  this crisis right now is just a precursor . 
   these people should n't want more who are you to judge that . 
  everybody should want more , always . 
  if they are willing to work at it or walk thousands of miles to get to it , i admire that . 
  assimilation is a two way streak . 
  we do n't want them , they wo n't assimilate . 
  we can understand that that about prisoners how can we not understand that about foreign refugees and immigrants . 
  we ca n't just lock them away , we have to engage them and work at it . 
  middle east is fucked up because of western intervention . 
  they were doing just fine before the oil . 
  then the west started messing it up to reduce oil prices and grab control of the oil fields .
