  i agree , speculation is not hard . 
  still waiting for that source of a claimed invasion . 
  reputable source would be preferable . 
  anything remotely like `` russia invades ukraine '' . 
  there is no excuse for what russia is doing but that does n't make it an invasion . 
  i 'm not into speculation thanks . 
  any sources on the invasion part ? 
  i 've yet to see a `` russia invades ukraine '' in any newspaper . 
  riiiigght , a couple of soldiers amount to an invasion . 
  oh yes , they are on the border , those stupid facts , right . 
  you 're comparing home invasion to an invasion of a country , you ca n't be this stupid . 
  i 'll assume you 're talking about eu when saying ue . 
  ukraine is huge and it 's population is quite large . 
  it 's dangerous for eu if ukraine would get closer to russia in any significant amount . 
  there is no consensus in ukraine regarding who to favor , west or east , so it 's dangerous for eu to have a ticking time bomb in its union . 
  if a recession hit ukraine while in the eu sometime in the future there is no way of knowing the country would n't turn to russia for help or shelter . 
  it 's a gamble , a hard bet . 
  so yes , i think eu does want a weak ukraine or just the part that it can bet on in the long term and leave the rest to russia . 
  sure . 
  it seems this is a statement putin made while talking to george h. bush at the nato bucharest summit , april 4 , 2008 . 
  if your sources are correct . 
  it seems you 've chosen to believe something regardless of facts so i 'd only be wasting my time further discussing this with you . 
  or maybe you should ...  [ an invasion is a military offensive in which large parts of the armed forces of one geopolitical entity aggressively enter territory controlled by another such entity ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/invasion ) are large parts of russian army entering ukraine ? 
  are you now going to redefine the word `` large '' . 
  ridiculous . 
  genocide is clearly defined in the dictionary too and it 's not one until the international community deems it as such . 
  so regardless of what the dictionary tells * you * , nobody is calling this an invasion and that 's because everybody does this occasionaly in africa , indonesia , south america etc. 
  just not on the border of europe . 
  it is important to put this into propper context to understand why nobody is preparing for a non existing invasion and a third world war . 
  it 's not that uncommon for large nations to do this , it 's just never so close to home . 
  calling it an invasion does n't make it so , sorry . 
  you seem to be drinking from another kind of propaganda well . 
  i 'm sure what russia is doing is braking all sorts of international laws but invasion it is not . 
  every major nation has at one point in the past funded or trained extremists/rebels in one nation or the other to protect it 's interests , weather you consider it good or bad , does n't make it an invasion . 
  if you think russia is trying to remove ukraine from the map i 've really got better things to do than to discuss such ridiculous notions . 
  and yet we can have a discussion about what 's happening in ukraine regardless of who we agree the villain is . 
  again , there are plenty of things to consider regarding ukraine 's future . 
  even it 's people are not agreeing on how they want to label the russian intervention . 
  invasion it is not , sorry , not even kiev is calling it that , just you . 
  i would agree with most of what you say . 
  i 'm just of the opinion that neither europe nor russia care about the ukrainan people . 
  they either want a weak ukraine so that it poses no threat in economic or social politics or a subserviant ally they can drain economically . 
  russia would also preffer to have a buffer zone with the eu and since they have more to loose they are acting more agressively . 
  eu has played it 's hand great from the begining of the protests and even today with doing basically nothing but funding and legitimising the unelected government and making long term deals with them which i also find very inappropriate and telling . 
  deals that will probably end up hurting ukraine in the long term . 
  so there are different interests to consider . 
  no need to be just yelling in one direction which you seem to suggest we should all be doing without exception . 
  `` carrots '' are the most widely used tool of imperialism then . 
  the tool is of less importance here . 
  what counts is what comes after . 
  there are already all kinds of international deals being signed with ukraine and they do n't even have an elected government . 
  huge loans at big interests . 
  and that 's what 's happening . 
  you get downvotes quiceker trying to be neutral or mediating than if you shit on one side glorifying the other . 
  that 's sad . 
  that 's probably how nazis start believing we 're somehow naturally superior . 
  know your history and present please . 
  the enlightened europe you 're talking about went through a couple of genocides just last century . 
  the reality of the current situation is simple only if you refuse to consider all sides of the story and the gravity . 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again . 
  ukraine is being torn apart by interests from the east and the west . 
  interests that have nothing to do with the wellbeing of the ukrainian people . 
  it 's a . self post . 
  those are meant exactly for this kind of purpose . 
  reddit is not only a user ranked news feed . 
  if we 're having this discussion i 'd like to say i suspect this subreddit is increasingly abused by pr firms , shills and up/down voting campaigns . 
  sometimes the speed of up/downvoting is just off . 
  many times exactly in the topics where you would expect there to be interest for public opinion shaping . 
  less and less real discussion and more and more blame game articles and pop politics . 
  and it 's not jut this subreddit . 
  i might just be getting old and bitter . 
  we 'll see how this discussion goes . 
  my whole point is that arguing regarding blame is usesless and only creates noise . 
  an article can be greatly written and still useless . 
  how about this . 
  '' ** in my opinion ** you should stop posting propaganda pieces ... '' it 's weird how sometimes this needs to be said explicitly since it 's obsiously the case nobody is in position to demand anything on reddit . 
  if i think something is a propaganda piece i have just as much right to call it out as the other person has to post it . 
  i 've elaborated on my opinion as well but you chose to ignore that . 
  in my * humble * opinion , you should stop posting propaganda pieces , from either side . 
  or at least stop upvoting this shit people . 
  all we see is these `` who 's to blame for what '' pieces telling people what to think . 
  fuck that . 
  ukraine is being torn apart by interests that have nothing to do with wellbeing of the ukrainian people . 
  posts like this are just creating noise that benifits only the ones doing the tearing and not the people of ukraine and other concerned europeans . 
  you 're talking as if these kids have some big resources to spend . 
  daddy 's allowance ... cmon , macedonia is pretty poor in general and the richer kids surely do n't live in this dump . 
  of course some of what we see here can be remedied by organising students to clean it up , but it 's obviously a complete failure on the part of the government in upkeep . 
  the atrocious state we see here is structural and no amount of cleaning would fix that . 
  if this is the culture and standard of responsibility the government is cultivating how do you expect young individuals to feel some obligation or motivation to organise spontaneously . 
  it seems you just want to blame students for whatever reason because they * must * be deserving of such an environment . 
  those filthy lazy students . 
  right ... 
   downvotes are not supposed to be a `` disagree '' button that 's wishufull thinking . 
  i 'd love that to be the case but it 's not and i 'm not sure it ever was . 
  people use up/downvotes mostly to agree or disagree except for some very specific subreddits like science and other `` empirical '' subreddits . 
  any remotely political subreddit is basically like some sort of dynamic public polling system . 
  because there 's already enough to be angry about and focus on . 
  because it 's important to know what you 're talking about . 
  because if it was the other way around everybody would cry , propaganda etc. 
  no need to bring more propaganda and rumour into the equation .
