  as it is today it really creates a whole lot of problems for local economies because it drains the higher educated workers and injects cheaper goods into an economy that has no way of competing . 
  both of these effects are good for the more developed nations and really bad for the new members . 
  i understand your point i just think that for better or for worse the times when you could just ignore the problems beyond your border , being in a union or not , are over . 
  it 's a global economy and almost everything else is in someway a consequence of that . 
  cheap labor and materials are what enabled every modern country to get where it is to some degree and it also created many of the problems that you say are not yours to deal with . 
  i admire your country/people and the rest you mentioned as potential partners for your forward thinking , educational system and general advancements in society but i 'm sorry to say that you ca n't just lock yourselves inside your house and pretend the world does n't have major problems because those problems are in part a consequence of all of our ways of life . 
  i think it would just make it much worse in the long term . 
  we have to deal with these issues now . 
  if we 're going down the road of tighter integration or possibly some form of federation that is really not an option . 
  imagine you had usa with 2 levels or `` speeds '' . 
  it would be the start of a civil war in us and the end of eu in europe . 
  i 'm not fond of europe/eu as it is and think if we 're going to solve problems we need to solve the problems not try to add extra levels of bullshit to it . 
  europe has no vision . 
  for most people it 's now only a financial union with open borders . 
  i felt much more european 5 years ago than i do now . 
  not because something particular happened but because nothing happened . 
  there is no vision for the younger people to fight for or believe in . 
  i 'm sorry i made that impression . 
  it 's truly false and if you read the rest of my comments i hope you 'll see i was just sharing something i saw on a metaphorical level and had nothing to do with me wanting to seek enemies . 
  they are my friend or fellow slovenians that either do n't agree on the urgency or the issues etc. 
  it 's you who ca n't seem to accept some of us are n't looking for a fight . 
  maybe you could let me decide what i feel for myself and respond to what i actually said/feel . 
  if that 's what you got from my comment you might as well claim i support apartheid or something . 
  that 's a legitimate reason to stay at home if you are truly afraid of that , although it is a rare occurrence and the same could be said for sport events etc. 
  you made my comment more extreme by suggesting i see people at home as enemies . 
  i do n't see anyone as an enemy but the people making the decisions that got us here . 
  why does everyone feel the need to `` extremize '' my statement . 
  i understand and agree with you entirely but the premise i see them as enemies is completely false and i failed if that is what you got from my comment . 
  i saw it as a metaphor and it had nothing to do with the specific individuals . 
  they are my fellow slovenians and i do not expect them to attend if they do n't agree with my views of grievances . 
  and you 're the only one passing it . 
  in a very aggressive manner as well . 
  save some of that rage for things worth arguing about . 
  nobody here wishes you harm or is judging you . 
  you missed the whole point entirely . 
  i was very careful not to be condescending or judging because i honestly do n't feel it 's my place to judge people for not attending . 
  i was just sharing a memory of a moment that this image provoked that i felt was illustrative of the problems that we were marching about in the first place . 
  how you got from that to `` forcing people to attend '' is beyond me . 
  i try not to do it myself , but you do have the right to judge anyone , for better or for worse . 
  do n't take this the wrong way , it 's quite a powerful image , and someone has to take it . 
  it 's not a criticism of the photographer or the image , it 's just something it reminded me of . 
  when we were `` marching '' through the streets of ljubljana there were plenty of people standing by the windows or on their balconies watching us like it was some sort of awesome experience for them and flashing their cameras and phones . 
  it just felt wrong . 
  protesters are angry and expressing their grief over the state of society , apathy , conformity etc. 
  and the people standing in their slippers in the warmth of their homes are a great example of that issue . 
  those protests really were n't so much about politics as they were about the state of society . 
  they were very inclusive which made the whole situation that much more reflective of the issues we were marching about . 
  but you could say that for any big metropolis . 
  i think you misinterpreted indifference for openness . 
  you obviously had a different experience but i think what others were experiencing was a derogatory ( `` hostile '' ) attitude or indifference . 
  i felt the same way while visiting paris , that 's why i 'm chiming in . 
  obviously people have different preferences , expectations and needs but i love being familiar with my surroundings and the people that live around me . 
  it is . 
  it 's quite similar every year . 
  this image does n't do it justice by far . 
  it 's poorly framed , tilted , highly compressed and the lighting is pretty bad for capturing these lights . 
  [ here 's a better capture ] ( http://shrani.si/f/t/z0/2urzf9w7/hkozhkkj.jpg ) . 
  there 's plenty others better if you google christmas ljubljana etc. 
  and that 's what i 'm trying to point out with my comment . 
  the manipulation of opinion is just as employed by the eu and it 's propaganda machine as is by russia or other interests . 
  it 's not immune to such tactics . 
  if we do n't recognize that we ca n't do anything about it and it seems unnecessary since the support is already obviously high . 
  eu should win with arguments , not propaganda . 
  i 'd still say that 's quite exaggerated . 
  i 've written software for counting number of people in crowds so i have some idea what 70 000 looks like and , again , going by the photo and now having checked the street you mention , that 's still not near 70 000 . 
  though there were clearly many many more people at the pro eu rally and i 'm happy that 's the case . 
  going just by the photos it seems very unlikely there are more than 10 times more people at the pro eu photo unless the street to the left is packed full and beyond . 
  i 'm not taking a position here , it 's an internal matter for the moldovan people but i 've seen crazy distorted numbers in my own country when it came to protests that were either in line or against the countries current policies and interests in power . 
  not to advertise , but i 'm using vyprvpn for months now and have yet to encounter a problem if that helps . 
  do n't know how it compares in pricing . 
  yes , this is true . 
  but if you 're afraid of the government , especially the us one , encryption is , it would seem , not a guarantee anymore . 
  well if you 're using a good vpn they do n't store any data so they do n't have much to work with anyway . 
  if someone is somehow intercepting your communication to the vpn than they already know your ip and can identify you . 
  not sure bitcoins would help make you any more anonymous in this exchange . 
  unless it 's illegal to use vpn but that 's not the case here . 
  that 's great news !, 
  one step in the right direction . 
  estonia is making some interesting decisions . 
  i like it . 
  ** slovenia ** just another week of watching my country crumbling before my eyes . 
  there were two protests this week one yesterday against corruption in all former yugoslavian countries and one on tuesday against the government but it was really a big mess since nobody is yet able to articulate what the problem is and how to approach it . 
  people are desperate for an alternative but also cautious because their trust has been too many times abused . 
  a man killed his boss and the bosses son after the meeting where the boss refused to pay him for his services . 
  there were other shootings which is usually uncommon in slovenia . 
  looking forward to the day when there will be something hopeful or positive to report on !, 
  the person enjoying the people 's trust and enormous responsibility of their votes is in the right to ignore the rights of these same constituents being violated by a foreign or home intelligence service and is expected not to fight for their rights and freedoms ? 
  what kind of reality are these comments building . 
  this is neither expected nor normal in the slightest . 
  the funny thing is if one was to claim this was happening a couple of years ago , he/she would be marked as a tinfoil hat conspiracy theorist . 
  now that we have the information this is happening , this same person is being labeled and idiot for not expecting it or and idealist for objecting to it . 
  you guys are either falling for the incredibly well constructed narratives here or are too naive to believe that other options are/should be on the table . 
  you have the right to your opinion . 
  just please do n't let it predetermine our society into a paranoid and schizophrenic future of control and prevention . 
  i too like serbs . 
  also serbs seem to really like us slovenes . 
  been there recently and all i heard was praises for my country . 
  i 'm ashamed to say i had some prejudice towards serbs because of all the media attention and also misinformation floating around about the war but was pleasantly surprised about their warmth . 
  there are still major issues that need solving such as homofobia and nationalism but as far as the average serb goes , i prefer them to most other former brother nations through experience . 
  you are correct , it would be extremely difficult and in the current systems impossible but this issue should be addressed as such , not as a simple deal .
