  the conclusion stays the same . 
  do n't consider your data safe under any circumstance for the foreseeable future . 
  i ca n't imagine how one could possibly enforce such a deal . 
  it 's impossible . 
  unless europe builds it 's own software counterparts to google and other software and hardware solutions necessary for daily operation of businesses , and invests massive amounts in hardware and software protecting our networks , it 's just not going to happen . 
  the data that enters the us through services hosted there should be considered compromised no matter what deal is struck . 
  unless eu starts a massive campaign to develop this security infrastructure i 'll consider my data compromised for the foreseeable future . 
  we 'll have to fight for this one . 
  data security is possible through technical means . 
  it 's just not in the interest of either us or eu to make it impossible to intercept our data so they 'll make it look as if a deal is enough and keep on doing what they 're doing . 
  it 's not just that . 
  people do n't believe in capitalism and democracy as a vision for their society . 
  it provides basically no vision anyway . 
  so there is n't much to fight for . 
  that 's a problem in all modern societies not just former communist countries of eastern europe . 
  we have yet to construct a vision that people would be ready to sacrifice their routine or relative social safety for . 
  until a group presents such a vision and backs it up with action i 'm pretty sure people will largely continue to ignore the gradual erosion of their rights and privileges . 
  just goes to show that the political elite is a constant . 
  communism , capitalism , socialism ... 
  same breed of people or even the same specific people take top positions in any system and gradually enslave it from the top down . 
  systems are not the problem ( mostly ) , people are . 
  we have a similar situation here in slovenia . 
  anything goes , and they love to create these artificial conflicts that the people generally do n't see as their own until pushed to it through demagogy and manipulation . 
  i 'm pretty sure any citizen not directly involved in the operations can complain about it . 
  citizen of any country . 
  when did any one of us sign a contract with our respective governments that any actions they make without our consent are ones we should agree with or at least not complain about . 
  what kind of a fascist argument is that ? 
  anyone has the right to complain and present arguments against it . 
  well you initially provided no argument to support your view and rejected comparisons , also without argument . 
  so that 's my reason . 
  it 's necessary to take many variables into account when we compare situations but rejecting comparison altogether is ridiculous and brings nothing and takes away context . 
  provide all the extra data you think is relevant . 
  he does n't want to compare . 
  he 's just made up his mind without any real rationale behind it it would seem . 
  especially when people running the media are also unqualified crooks . 
  the choice is an illusion and it 's between bad and worse . 
  private interests that fund campaigns and provide other resources and backing do not profit massively when people are taken care of and the system works , they can not operate in the gray area unpunished and they can not profit heavily off of government projects . 
  [ oh no , not finland ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6em8ervncg ), 
  you 're not wrong . 
  advertising can be done based on studied evidence . 
  emphasis on `` can be '' . 
  but when you talk about consumerism it 's hard to talk about rationality . 
  quote from wikipedia . 
   consumerism is a social and economic order that encourages the purchase of goods and services in ever-greater amounts . 
  how is consuming in ever greater amounts rationally justified ? 
  [ yeah yeah yeah ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mh8t6mzqm8 ), 
  religions are not the only harmful belief systems . 
  modern consumerism for example is also very harmful to young people and adults . 
  capitalism brings along a lot of values that i think we 're starting to understand are destructive to our social structures . 
  it 's not as easy as saying , ban all religious teachings until the age of 16 . 
  we should fight against any abusive and manipulative practices geared towards an individual or a group , including things we in the west have come to take for granted like many forms of advertising . 
  your view is very simplistic . 
  it just goes to show that people in any enivornment can be indoctrinated into any belief system . 
  this is how fragile our conciousnesses are . 
  islam is not exclusive here , it just tends to be more extreme and therefore visible . 
  we should fight against any such abuse of the self . 
  it 's just pointing out facts . 
  i 'm pretty sure one can point out facts without exceptionalism being the motivation . 
  it 's a rather noticeable difference between us and the rest of the western world , whether you like it or not . 
   my point is that the causes of the belief of american exceptionalism are the same as the causes of high levels of nationalism at all countries . 
  but in the us it seems to be the only approach . 
  in europe you wo n't see anyone winning elections claiming they are the greatest and brightest nation or use such hyperbole . 
  only more radical and usually minor nationalistic parties will claim that . 
  people just seem so not buy that line here . 
  europeans did everything before america was a country . 
  do n't know what that has to do with how things are today ... 
  he seems to be saying that us believing ( and admittedly sometimes being too loud or sure about it ) some of our solutions are good and should be applied in other countries is comparable to americans needing to hear they are the greatest and free-est people in the world in order to elect someone . 
  it 's a quick generalization to make himself feel better but in reality these are two totally different things . 
  what support are you talking about ? 
  i hear this said so many times as if there is a real movement behind communism in europe . 
  there is not . 
  if you want to talk about worker controlled production and a socialist system that would make the well being of it 's people a true priority that 's a different thing and is in no way by default a bad idea or undermining sovereign , democratic and free way of life . 
  it 's all about priorities . 
  i think the main cause to all this is the us exceptionalism . 
  no european country is that self absorbed as the us is . 
  how many times did you hear obama , bush or any other official talk about the greatest nation in the world or something like that . 
  i 've never heard any european leader talk like that who was n't from some particularly nationalistic party . 
  if you want to keep that story of a great nation and a beacon of freedom alive you have to keep telling stories and that 's what 's happening in the us . 
  the media and the government keep painting this picture of a once upon a time america that everyone should look up to . 
  i think europe , while not absent of stories , is more realistic in it 's assessment of itself . 
  i 'll start to panic when an attack happens because knowing what we know i 'm going to go ahead and assume that it was planted by the us or one of it 's european partners to justify total control of all communications in the interest of our security . 
  i 'm expecting that to happen and am crazy scared of the consequences if the public buys that and accepts the consequences . 
  this part of the law is pretty universal across western nations . 
  right to an attorney is univrsal . 
  for every person that is a repeat offender there are many that could not afford to defend themselves and may be innocent . 
  this law is in their interest . 
  it 's the states role to prove someones guilt and give the propper sentance . 
  i 'm not offering solutions because this system is not broken . 
  you seem to be the only one here who thinks it is . 
  repeat offenders could be innocent in some cases too you know . 
  law has to be strict and make sure guilty people are punished and if it fails that is a failiure of the state and prosecution , not the right to an attorney . 
  the more i look at these graphs the more i love my country . 
  we 're still knee deep in corruption and rising social inequality but since we 're slowly dealing with those too , or at least people are demanding change , i 'm a bit more hopeful in comparison . 
  our generation just has to stay vigilant . 
  sorry for the monologue . 
  nothing is free , i 'm sure we 're all aware of that but for the recipient it 's free of charge , i 'm sure you understood that much . 
  you have a very simplistic view on the justice system and life in general it would seem . 
  it 's not that simple and there is a reason why we should all be considered equals in the eyes of the law , even repeat offenders . 
  there is no guarantee you wo n't be wrongly accused so you do deserve a fair trial no matter what . 
  that 's all there is to it .
