  i had for 15 years ago an interview for a job with a ceo who lived in norway for 12 years and he was n't able to speak norwegian , even when he loved norway . 
  but after his long days in the company he loved to be together with the family and they talked not norwegian . 
  at work , for the sake of efficiency all the people talked english with him . 
   tl ; dr - why not both ? 
  agreed but with the emphasis on both is necessary . 
  but being correct all the time should be a secondary goal . 
  most important is the transportation of information . 
   i 'm kind of surprised they admit to exploiting this irrationality . 
  the exploitation is quite rational . 
   learning a second language as an adult is hard . 
  it 's hard in a school , because most school are n't adapted to adults . 
  give them a part time job where they enforced to listen to your language and the problem is magically going away . 
  it 's much easier to learn a language by daily listening and practice . 
  i had once the opportunity to meet some asylum seekers at a language test . 
  most of them struggle , because they are excluded from jobs and do n't get into contact with the language . 
  this struggle is the same that english speaking persons experience . 
  everyone is speaking with them english , which slows down the process of learning into oblivion . 
  academics doing their phd have similar problems . 
  the world of academics is english speaking since all universities are eager to be international . 
  when you meet people who are living in the country for more than 4 years and ca n't speak the language it becomes awkward . 
  language learning is for most persons to learn by listening to chit chat . 
  a school can give some basic introduction only . 
  this is maybe the case , because i have never cared . 
  i have to pay anyway . 
   this post will fill me with depression ... 
  in this subreddit you get a lot of people which are members of the better middle class , because most of the poor have n't the money or time to post here . 
  i 'm spending 1500eu for the apartment , which is usual here . 
  800eu for food and and daily stuff . 
  internet cost me 50eu and because of the short way to work , i pay 50eu per month for gasoline . 
  electricity cost me 200eu per month . 
  the insurance cost and tax for the car is like 120eu per month . 
  my mobile is paid by my employer , because the company has n't old style phones longer . 
  i pay something about 45 % taxes which includes health care and a part of the pension . 
  the employer pays into a fund for me . 
  net income is ~ 4000eu, 
  the homeless in athens hav n't internet . 
  you do n't get answers from such people . 
  serious , has it to be a american conservative christian web page with ann coulter as writer ? 
  i believed until now , europe has much better to offer than such a dumb american shit . 
  i do n't want to read [ stuff like this here ] ( http://www.rawstory.com/2015/06/mike-huckabee-calls-for-less-dialog-on-race-and-more-conversions-for-jesus-god-already-solved-racism/ ) . 
  such an entainment is n't funny . 
  it 's known that too many refugees from chechnya were islamist when they moved the europe , when the russian army were very focused . 
  btw . 
  these islamist were supported by saudi arabia and started immediately to harass other refugees . 
  many became subject to prosecution . 
  when police is n't prosecuting such people because of the principle of opportunity like in the netherlands , then you have to get active as a citizen . 
  but did they expect anything different ? 
  france is not germany , they have n't had a chance to ask us to stop spying yet . 
  one country at a time , that 's how friendship works . 
  and anyway , what is wrong with giving up your independence to the greater good ? 
  independence is synonimous with division , which breeds chaos , why choose it , when you can follow what is right ? 
  and what is right is decided by the one with a might , but oh , nevermind . 
  it 's the reward for supporting the american revolution in 1776, 
  interesting answer . 
  i saw for some months ago a documentation on nrk about structural problems of the fishing industry and a icelandic former fishing man warned about the consequences prioritize the huge company . 
  is n't part of the problem licenses for fish are too expensive for a small vessel ? 
  praha , because the center is beautiful and the beer is good . 
  norwegians are proud of having 400 dialects and some are really hard to understand . 
  it 's a part of european culture . 
  we should be proud of it !, 
  i do jaywalking all the time and do n't care for red stop lights like mist others here in norway, 
  i have a different view about this . 
  there is no real alliance without opposites interests on an international level . 
  the reason the us is able to forge alliances , is the lack of power of european nations . 
  when the eu tried to lead the military adventure in yugoslavia they argued immediately with each other , because everyone had it 's own interests . 
  when the us became active the problem was solved . 
  what you see as a lack of clear decisions , is nothing else than the try to work for the own interests , without getting problems with the us . 
   it comes to german foreign policy , it 's not just about us-russia , because in my opinion , there 's a very real presence of institutional indecisiveness & lack of leadership . 
  you are wrong . 
  the policy is `` germany first '' which each patriot says for his country . 
  because of a lack of military power germany is trying to use the eu and nato for it 's goals . 
  the us is the template . 
  in my opinion we have too much political idealism in most subreddits . 
  most politicians acting like henry kissinger if they are able and by looking at the reality , we should be better able to see consequences . 
  i wrote before here , that the noticeable eastern european nationalism wo n't be paid off by nations like germany , france or the uk , but in the case it 's in their interests . 
  for example has the uk a lot of tax heavens overseas , which damages eu members , while germany got an exclusive part of russian gas , while the balticum tries to be independent . 
  if citizens of europe want something better , they have to make better policies and stop waiting for a political messiah . 
  to some downvoters : it 's not my opinion , it 's a news which is relevant to european politics . 
  i read yesterday on telepolis , in athens a halv million people living on the streets . 
  that 's a real success . 
   we were told to suck it up and paid them like a bunch of stupid paddies . 
  you paid . 
  that is n't a rant , but the lack of amount of resistance is astonishing . 
  the citizens of iceland were better . 
  it 's cheaper than conventional weapons, 
  i prefer media without the necessity to read between the lines . 
  i want just information and a discussion . 
  but i do n't get it anywhere . 
  the attribute free press is n't sufficient . 
   the first freedom of the press is not to be a business ( marx ) which is showing the truth once more . 
  and huge parts of this free press was part of the campaign against him, 
  you are a hypocrite . 
  nobody cared about the 500000 dead because of the iraq sanctions . 
  nobody cared about the 100 thousands of dead in the iraq , because of the 2nd war . 
  nobody cares about the guantanamo prisoners . 
  poland and romania provided hidden facilities for the cia and weeping about stalin 's actions . 
  the craftsmanship of governments is bloody and will always be . 
   but my grandparents and many others were just farmers and were deported to siberia for no reason . 
  they were under a general suspicion , nothing else . 
  btw .
