  and the eu knows it . 
  when the eu is n't supporting spain , then because of the principle divide and conquer . 
  otherwise it 's going to be bloody . 
  he is circle jerking and many posters too . 
  every country in the eu had a reason to join the eu by getting access to the market . 
  even norway chooses to stay with it 's treaty otherwise it would be economically dead . 
  very democratic !, 
  only you point of view counts . 
  all others are extremist . 
  not really . 
  norway is following basically all directives of the commission to the point , because we have to . 
  which darkside do you mean ? 
  norway was praised for it 's fast introduction of laws demanded by the european commission . 
  norway was faster than most eu countries . 
  most people have a misconception about norway . 
  the idea of ethnic groups is ridiculous stupid . 
  europeans until the 18th century did n't knew about ethnicity and incorporated member to families and clans just by adoption . 
  especially germanic tribes were no closed groups . 
  culture is a thing , but not ethnicity . 
   own history , language , and ethnic group what do you mean with ethnic group in a europe which is build on the ruins of the roman empire and the following great migration which mixed all the people up ? 
  the positions about marx are mostly taken from anti-communist propaganda and on leftists side from cheap `` we have the better morality '' propaganda . 
  most non trivial discussions are hidden in academic ivory towers . 
  the conservatives trying to define capitalism as a free marked , which is relative new , and leftists are satisfied when productions is property of the state . 
  both positions are hilarious idiotic and even the workers movement in the 19th century was more intelligent despite their problems to pay for good books . 
  because of former students on universities i know and reddit . 
  especially when european countries getting classified a socialistic , i would love to hurt those people with marx his capital . 
  there is no real debate other than trivial stuff from the cold war on all sides . 
   holy shit this is false . 
  enlightenment me with facts, 
  it 's the same with adorno and marcuse . 
  there are a lot of cites , but no one is reading them anymore , but some academics . 
  the expression cultural marxism is used for propaganda purposes . 
  i would be awesome , when people would have read what they are referencing , but this will be a dream forever . 
  cultural marxism is a myth because no leftist nowadays is reading marx , but a very low amount of intellectuals . 
  what i learned in my life , the chars of the alphabet are used different from country to country . 
  sometimes it 's just because of tradition , sometimes because of the history with a neighbor country . 
  in the case of poland i guess it 's the influence of germany before the ww1, 
  hahaha, 
  the gdp includes even financial services and services of the government , which inflates the gdp per capita . 
  i 'm sure the next years the gdp per capita for norway will lower drastic due to lower oil prices . 
  would we able to measure industrial capacity , germany would be on the top . 
  ask / r/linguistics !, 
  it 's a statistic about gdp per capita . 
  gdp is already problematic , but who cares ? 
  it tells nothing about industrial capabilities but from economists you ca n't expect something like a productivity measured for manufacturing companies only . 
  yeah , graphs are easier to read , but you lose information . 
  so i decided to post the already refined table . 
   salafism in germany tends to attract complete losers who dream of being important . 
  a nice description was is happening in europe which idiots joining is, 
  it 's not erasing , it 's more like a cultural influence like in england when the normans were speaking french only , which influenced english heavily . 
  similar happened when in germany the aristocracy and the bourgeoisie spoke french in the 17th and 18th century . 
  subsmission statement : [ source ] ( http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=pdb_gr ), 
  because of my company i was for some weeks in spain and was n't even able to call for a taxi because nobody was able to speak english , which is understandable , when many did n't had english in school . 
  how are they able to live there , when so few are understanding them ? 
  it 's just a ghetto !, 
  btw : lower saxony ( northern germany ) : twee dutch : twee norwegian : to danish : to english : two ( similar pronunciation like the norwegian to ), 
  stolen from [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/linguistics/comments/3k1tsp/the_evolution_of_two_in_various_indoeuropean/ ), 
   we are supposed to be living in democracies that respect the will of the people , why does that suddenly go out of the window when there is a hint of a demand for independence . . ? 
  because idealistic ideas do n't help and the reality is set by the eu . 
  in theory the eu is limited , but nevertheless the parliaments do n't have a choice than accepting all proposals . 
  and countries like france and germany setting the agenda . 
  the eu is setting the political boundaries for your upcoming democracy . 
  ignoring the eu and it 's every day action would be pretty stupid . 
  a huge part of the agenda of a parliament will be dictated by the eu and a larger country has better cards to influence the eu . 
  good luck with self determination in a eu where the big ones controlling politics . 
  thanks for the tip ... 
  i ca n't remember that this part of spain is part of a oppression . 
  there were even military threads against this movement , when the article on telepolis was right . 
  the british government made it right , by giving a choice . 
  to me such a regionalism looks a little bit silly , because of the smaller markets , which is more inefficient . 
  indeed, 
  i 'm too . 
  i tried to learn a language by reading history books . 
  what are poles ? 
  take the example of germany which was after the fall of rome a melting pot and even in the 19th century migration from and to germany was huge , which did n't stopped the nazis talking about a clean blood of germans . 
  all those nationalistic ideas are mostly stupid . 
  i 'm glad of europe because of it 's masses of cultures . 
  i was for some weeks in northern spain and the life in the evening there is awesome . 
  i guess eastern europe has something to offer like the hundreds of lakes . 
  we should enjoy europe instead of jerking around and bragging with a past nobody of us has caused . 
  the gulf countries are a part of the war and nobody wishes to live in such freak countries . 
   it 's hard to interpret this history without the overlay of 19 century nationalistic perspectives . 
  i know and i was n't serious too , because i read often here references to this nationalism . 
  the concept of nationalistic perspectives are just wrong when applied at the past . 
  so ukraine is polish ? 
   so latvia should adjust their constitution in order to accomodate the state-sponsored media channels of their aggressive neighbour . 
  your conspiracy theory is funny . 
  the baltic has no strategic value for russia , in opposite to the krim , which had less resistance too . 
  and the `` hybrid media war '' is used by all sides to little use . 
  only idiots care about stupid journalism . 
  the governments of the baltic states and their disciples are just war mongers . 
  the boss of stratfor said it clear and direct . 
  when the coup d'etat was done , russia was surprised and acted hastily . 
  the circle jerk of the baltics and poland is hilarious , because they are protected by the nato . 
  you are doing a straw man argument . 
  your line of arguments is similar to russian politicians . 
  they pretend to do all for the nation which turns then into a patronizing the citizens . 
  free speech includes all media not just private owned ones . 
  in norway there is n't censorship even when we have 5millions citizens only, 
  you want free speech and at the same time paternalism for the good of the masses ?
