  this is a little bit exaggerated . 
  it 's more like likely this that a group was cultural dominant . 
  it like in the 18th century when french became very popular and all politicians and rich spoke french . 
  if you have the choice between communists or conservatives what do you vote for ? 
  it 's sometimes the case the choice is not a real one . 
   you really have to think about it . 
  they faked there numbers and blackmailed germany to join the euro and now they blackmail germany again , because they were n't fit for the euro in the first place . 
  `` they '' were politicians and not the common people . 
  this is a huge difference . 
  thank you for the 2 links . 
  the article does n't consider the results as `` ready '' . 
  but nevertheless the approach was interesting to me . 
  since we have these awesome etymological maps i found this for some days ago , which is an interesting article about the source for our languages . 
  it 's a method to compare while 100 % accurate orthography would disturb this process . 
  there is no difference between `` tee '' and `` tee '' but on paper . 
  german : pommes frites i guess the french had a huge influence . 
  i love such maps because they are showing that even a chinese culture had an influence in europe . 
  it 's totally wrong calling america a melting pot . 
  ** europe is the true melting pot !, 
  hahahaha ... 
  russia is a secondary power and has no capacity to be active like the nato , because of the finances . 
  china it self is huge but is spending much less than the nato . 
  what i have read on german magazines , a special type of feminism is quite common on german universities . 
  this may be misleading from the media , but such symptoms are interesting and it 's confirming the media . 
  she made as a `` feminist '' the same mistake when people are equating some criminals with a culture . 
  english is conglomerate of some languages . 
  it 's typical europe !, 
  this is justice !, 
   this is not a forum , where posts with new comments raise to the top . 
  this is reddit , where upvotes and downvotes `` serve '' the purpouse of sorting the shit from the honey . 
  hahaha , who believes this ? 
  it 's working on forums too . 
  but the karma system works just in favor for a majority , which is basically ideological masturbation . 
  why ? 
  translate.google.com is your friend ;-) https://translate.google.com/#auto/en/greit!%20n%c3%a5r%20starter%20vi%20med%20galskapen%3f, 
  remove all downvote buttons . 
  remove all upvote buttons for some reasons i 'm believing the karma system if fucking up discussions . 
   3 ) all countries involved have a lot longer history than us , it 's a fascinating history lesson from a lot of different perspectives : how estonia/poland perceive the ussr , how britain perceives it 's colonial past , etc. 
  you are wrong . 
  the history of the americans is quite interesting but generally ignored by americans , when they are focusing on great names , instead of looking on the achievements of the people . 
  time to move on, 
  i would looking for a vodka supply that comes with the russians . 
  i love the scene in the opera most . 
  sorry , you are very wrong . 
  danes may not have a beautiful sounding language , but i 'm able understand them as well as swedes . 
  the truth is danes do n't try to understand swedes and vice versa , because of sk\u00e5ne . 
  reducing the problem to a minority does n't help , because offenders are in all parts of the population . 
  a culture of machismo raises the likelihood for such crimes . 
  but this was n't the core problem here . 
  the state did n't act even it was known . 
  it 's amazing uk has some laws against antisocial behavior which are tools for dictators and informers from the neighborhood , but could n't prosecute child abuse . 
  something is wrong . 
   sure , probably it was better in ukraine and russia as well when they were being boned by mongols , i mean , everyone got fucked by the same dick , better times ... really , switch on your sarcasm detector ... 
  looking at this video is getting me the idea of that the ottoman empire was a better solution . 
  with eu help the former yugoslavia was divided in small pieces and the result was in some parts devastating . 
  we get more movements for smaller countries under the label of freedom and erecting new borders . 
  europe should be the continent of citizens not the continent of circle jerks . 
   there is a disturbing percentage of israelis that do not understand `` polish nazi camps '' it 's a problem of education and not a problem of free speech . 
  i gave up being the missionary for people with a bad education , especially when people are n't able to make the distinction between their ideals and how it 's working . 
  free speech is in it 's core a brutal concept , because it has it 's limits only in the rights of other people and these limits are too far for many . 
  i got a lot of comments in other threads with similar discussions . 
  too many do n't want to understand that this type of freedom is n't always positive for them . 
  they have to accept stupidity , propaganda and circle jerking . 
  there are 2 alternatives : 1 ) discussion like it was in the inner circle in communistic parties . 
  there was a discussion until a decision was made and everyone had to take his responsibility , without any further opposition . 
  in the case the results were bad , it could sometimes happen a person is ending in prison or being shot ( keyword : responsibility of politicians ) . 
  2 ) just allow an ideological conformist type of discussion ( mc carthy era , ukraine , western europe until 1960s , china , russia ) . 
  opposition is punished with problems with your career . 
  especially eastern europeans are liking this . 
  there is a difference between a discussion about history and lies about a living person . 
  the reputation of a nation is n't damaged by a single historian and not even by bad actions in the past , because it would n't be reasonable . 
  free speech is important to avoid mistakes such as stalinism and fascism and free speech includes the right to do propaganda . 
  it 's always a good idea get rid of the idea of free speech and avoid arguments . 
  to me the statement of this historian sounds ridiculous but sue him is wrong . 
  we need the error to correct our mistakes . 
  thank you for the abstract . 
  do you have any source for this ? 
  i read today , the us has over 10million illegal immigrants . 
  the wall at the mexican border is working . 
  i wish the eu good luck with such policies . 
  when germany proposed the policies , refugees have to apply for asylum in the first country , the mediterranean countries were so stupid to agree for money . 
  since germany is in the middle of the schengen area , they believed they could unload all the shit to others . 
  this masterpiece of european solidarity was killed by italia and greece for obvious reasons and right winger are circle jerking . 
  the cheering to the czech president is the next circle jerk , because schengen is basically dead . 
  declaring illegal immigration as a crime is n't an option . 
  who wants millions in prisons or concentration camps ? 
  the eu has n't many choices : 1 . take the refugees 2 . erect a wall around the eu which is expensive as shit to secure the function 3 . 
  2 ) and throw all refugees out, 
  because they are organized , which makes them looking worse as ever . 
  the linked article is a testament of stupidity . 
  sorry , i ment the dreamliner . 
  norwegian was one of the first customers which got the 787, 
  no , norwegian tries to expand it 's business and getting more customers from all of europe . 
  they were hampered by boing 's 787 and it 's problems . 
  personally i try to avoid norwegian . 
  the seats are smaller than those from sas and the service from sas is imho better, 
  i would consider such a secrecy in a democracy as treason . 
  my eu citizens are different ? 
  that is n't fair . 
  to me , it 's interesting that people do n't get the idea about the dependency from their own cultural heritage , even when they are academics .
