  btw . 
  the when they had voted with yes , the former politicians which are responsible for the mess , would be in the government again . 
  the imf member with the most votes is the us ... 
   the eu uses its resources ( and expertise ) to force a change for the best . 
  this is why romanians love the eu . 
  because it keeps our politicians and policy makers in check . 
  the is the best theory on democracy i have ever read . 
  which is a good hint , how much propaganda was involved, 
  even when the government knew about it , it 's different if the police is raiding the spiegel or someone is spying on jounalists . 
  this is interesting . 
  germany has chosen the us as one of the closest friends . 
  it 's part of the reason of state . 
  but in forums of telepolis , a magazine which has millions of clicks every day , the political center is already circle jerking about a germany without sovereignty , because a government who does n't take actions against spying , has clearly not the power according to the postings . 
  the media has until now covered most spy stories without to much hype . 
  when the media is a direct target , this could change . 
  most german citizens interpret such an event from a nationalistic perspective and this might have consequences in the future . 
  at least politicians of cdu an spd will be seen as traitors . 
  this opens the political spectrum to the rights . 
  but merkel is lucky , because - until now - there is no real opposition in germany . 
  anyway , it is n't very wise from the us covering all aspects of the daily life of nato members with spying . 
  there will be a price to pay . 
  that was a different story . 
  i 'm against marking propaganda . 
  the reasons : 1 ) proganda is a source for information about the propagandist . 
  2 ) the readers should have competence or asking an idea what i mean is [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/geopolitics/comments/3bmaos/i_am_james_pach_owner_and_editor_of_the_diplomat/cso6sdp ) on / r/geopolitics, 
  there are people who ca n't afford drugs for medical conditions like diabetes , cancer etc. 
  there are people in greece who have problems to get a sufficient nutrition . 
  you want punish them ? 
  what sort of of people are you ? 
  get out in this world and learn social competence . 
  read telepolis.de where [ wassilis aswestopoulos ] ( http://www.heise.de/tp/autor/wassilisaswestopoulos/default.html ) has published a lot of good articles about greece the last 10 years, 
  just to mentioned it . 
  the german internet magazine telepolis is covered political developments in spain the last 20 years . 
  if you do n't understand german , use google translate . 
   add to that the fact that eta terrorism did n't stop with the arrival of democracy , but actually increased , the problem was on both sides . 
  while the eta killed officials , the government had death commandos . 
  and spain 's government gets too often sentenced to pay money to victims because of practices of torture , which they did regularly in these days . 
  the law which permits a total isolation of people in custody for 14 days is a shame for europe . 
  the eta is basically dead , but gives even nowadays a good opportunity for the government to close down basque media . 
  i 'm hoping for spain other parties than the conservatives or `` socialists '' come into power , which would give this country a better development . 
  guess who supported the chechen . 
  the problem is , the proposals are n't made from leftists and they are knowing what they are proposing . 
  a raising tax for companies without any exemptions is in a globalized world no fun , especially when countries like ireland , the baltics and germany have lower taxes because of a lot of exemptions or flat taxes . 
  i want just mention the price for bonds of spain and italy raised with 2 % which is the next bomb shell . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.larazon.es/economia/la-prima-de-riesgo-de-espana-suma-casi-70-puntos-de-golpe-hasta-186-he10145417#.ttt1osxrhfscfhn ) this is a message to all those , who have easy solutions like just leaving the euro zone . 
   but i do n't blame you for not getting it . 
  the fact that my comment can pass as a straight one just shows how fucked up some of the things written on this subreddit are . 
  it 's the `` in a mad world only the mad are sane '' principle  . 
  thank you, 
   yes but do n't forget . 
  greeks are lazy fucks who fap all day receiving free checks you know most of the checks went into paying old debts to save european banks ? 
  don think of a eu like a humanitarian institution . 
  which government do you mean ? 
  the gang who was responsible for corruption has already saved their money on british tax heavens , while syriza is a bunch of idealists , which believed into european solidarity . 
   and fuck it greece was competing against us or spain for example with lower vat rates . 
  take a look a german tax rates . 
  the real taxes for companies are very low . 
  most of the taxes are paid by the usual employee . 
  it 's about international competition and taxes are a tool to win a competition , which is one of the reasons why germany has so much success . 
  when they have demanded greece has to raise the tax income it would be ok . 
  the freedom of the government is how to do this . 
  instead they `` proposed '' some actions or cutting the money , which is pure blackmailing . 
  we have to make a difference for the time before syriza and after syriza . 
  while the politicians of the conservatives and the socialists where responsible for the corruption and the following austerity , while spending money for a german u-boat and 27 military airplanes from france , syriza tried to renegotiate the conditions , which does n't work . 
  it 's my guess it was from the beginning planned to dump greece , to prevent a chain reaction in the mediterranean region . 
  otherwise no one would demand a huge raise of taxes for companies and especially for tourism , which is the huge income source . 
  greece has to compete on tourism with turkey and croatia , which is n't easy when the taxes are raising . 
  the social issue with austerity is that people in greece dying because they ca n't even afford simple drugs for treatment of well known conditions like diabetes . 
  it 's basically a overruling of greece 's parliament and a huge tax raise for greek companies in a economic desolate situation . 
  even now the taxation level of greece is one of the highest in europe . 
  the unification of the vat at 23 % even in the price sensitive branches for tourism is weird . 
  the 100 % taxation in advance of corporate income is n't just usual . 
  the demands for a higher taxation level in this context is just a declaration of an economic war . 
  the demand of reduction of military spending is funny , because germany and france were those who demanded fulfilling all contracts . 
  the reduction of high volume cost for electrical power for high volume facilities ( production ? ), 
  is unusual as well . 
  maybe it 's just the greek implementation ? 
  in countries like germany usual consumer paying much more for power than the industry , which made a aluminum manufacturer in the netherlands blackmailing the parliament of the netherlands , by demanding access to the german grid or leaving the netherlands . 
  selling regional airports : as a norwegian i have mixed feeling about this . 
  our net of airports is very tight and norwegians are using it often . 
  it 's necessary for having an economic sustainable infrastructure . 
  of course , it works with subsidies . 
  do n't care about a message from bavaria . 
  some people there are always using every opportunity to demand more morality . 
  why should gay people do the same shit as heteros and want a license of the government for their relationship ? 
  when greece is cut off from all international loans , they ca n't get money for oil , drugs , food etc. 
  most american web sites of gop followers are simply for campaigning and not for discussion . 
  it 's mostly a cheap argument on such sites . 
  and we have n't we enough arguments in europe ? 
  pjmedia is bad , but this is no argument . 
  at least we should be able to present better arguments , when someone is presenting us such articles . 
  the worst argument mostly without any elaboration be because the posters are usual cowards : - the religion of peace - expansion of articles to a `` statistic '' - using the social status as an evidence critics of religion is easy , but needs nevertheless a little of work for at least 5min . 
  most of the posters are n't able to even write a reasonable text and work on that text for more than 1 min . 
  but the worst is reddit because it 's principle is an invitation for sabotage of a good discussion . 
  reddit is more a platform for political campaigns . 
  doing a massive downvote on a poster means , shrinking his ability of posting and being read . 
  reddit is a weapon against reasonable discussion . 
  no , the number system in denmark is partly based on 20 instead of 10 . 
  so instead of saying fifty , they say 3x20-20 / 2 which is halv tres halv : 20/2 tres : 3x20 ( like tre times 20 ), 
   you are gifted this privilege to live there and you ca n't even show enough respect to attend a class to learn the language of this new place you plan on calling home , this is not how it 's working .
