  is n't it hilarious ? 
  our own politicians stabbing us in the back and postings on reddit are about how bad are murica and corporations ? 
  corporations are acting for their profits and elected politicians are acting for whom ? 
  europe need a democracy of the people . 
  i doubt that . 
  yeah , lets take tin hats . 
  i love circle jerks like yours . 
  the incarceration rate in the us is over 2 % and rape , violence in us prisons are common , because they are undermanned . 
  all news over north korea is mostly propaganda and we do n't know much about the country . 
  it 's a pure guess that dictatorship is worse than the us . 
  but having the choice between north korean work camps or a prison managed by joe arpaio i would try a norwegian prison . 
  we have products from whale as well ... . 
  i like most the voting machines . 
  the good old voting committee of citizens ( like in germany ) who are counting in the public , were too reliable . 
  fuck elections and vote on the internet !, 
  what a progress for humanity , when even dictatorships have less prisoners than the us . 
  even the money from overseas could n't turn the majority !, 
  parts of the us have a similar system . 
   in addition , there is also the issue of the broad legal definition of rape in sweden . 
  as an foreigner i would be frightened to have a short time relationship in sweden . 
  i agree, 
  the idea of 2 huge blocks running against each other with all possible weapons like in the cold war is dead . 
  weapons like cruise missiles , stealth bombers , anti tank aircraft , drones etc. 
  changed war . 
  instead of an frontal assault , the infrastructure like power generation , telecommunication and industrial capacities will be destroyed i wondered already why the russians developed a new tank platform armata . 
  they have moved all personnel into the front of the hull , away from the turret which gives them an easy option to convert the new tank into a drone . 
  and drones are the future . 
  tanks are kinda outdated . 
  nowadays tanks were designed for the cold war . 
  sounds like a conspiracy theory . 
  they are n't that bad . 
  [ many of them looking like these ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0a/road_in_norway-1.jpg ), 
  i do n't know . 
  today i had a bus from france in front of me driving 50km/h -60 km/h . 
  with our streets the opportunities to pass are very limited . 
  but the worst are those slowing down for each tunnel . 
  some of those slowing down to 30km/h . 
  an average of 74km/h is considered as fast . 
  i have problems with such articles , because education systems can have different goals . 
  for example while some training in mathematics gives a good response times for multiplications , when the same time is invested into abstract thinking it makes the students bad when it comes to masses of multiplications . 
  so what is the oecd testing when it comes to mathematics and sciences ? 
  the dead are dead . 
  and when you are a christian :  and jesus said to him , `` follow me , and leave the dead to bury their own dead . '' matthew 8:22, 
  the german military planned ww2 already after the end of ww1 and hitler discussed all solutions to make germany to a strong nation in his book `` mein kampf '' in 1923 , when the ussr ended the last fights of the civil war against mercenary financed by the entente . 
  the ussr tried to make a treaty with the forces of the former entente but without luck . 
  the ussr was no heaven and after 1936 it was the hell , but accusing the ussr to be guilty of contributing to the start of ww2 is hilarious and a circle jerk . 
  it does n't matter . 
  geopolitics is n't about morality but power . 
  the history of so many countries in eastern europe , americas and asia is showing that no one cares about human rights , when it comes to extend the own power . 
  after reading this thread i learned russians are evil nazis and are guilty for starting ww2 . 
  i feel much better about a world view in black and white . 
  do n't judge this sub because some less educated redditors . 
  ok , you will be called idiot and nazi but do you always retract when someone is circle jerking ? 
  as far i know in most countries tombstones getting reprocessed after some years of `` usage '' . 
  even graves are n't used for a dead in eternity . 
  the remains of a dead are collected and burred somewhere else after 20-30 years . 
  this sounds like a bad joke . 
  real life is so much better than any comedian . 
  most artists get little money from intellectual property . 
  as / u/mandarion pointed out , the system is designed for those who have already a huge income . 
  `` part time '' artists paying often more than they get , when they have to pay for they own public concerts . 
  yes , that is happening . 
  i agree with you . 
  it 's about music , movies like nosferatu , books and architecture . 
  it 's a war on european culture for profit . 
  the interesting thing is , how is it in your country ? 
  the fight against those barbarians has to be done on a european level , . 
  yes , but you have anyway to register such an event and the gema decides later . 
  * this * the right to work in another country is very limited if someone is n't from a eu country , norway or swiss . 
  in most cases it turns out to be impossible . 
  it 's just sad this works only as long the uk is a member of the eu . 
  after that , it needs a special permission . 
  this is europe in the 21st century . 
  i know what you are talking about . 
  but writing `` can you really blame them ? '', 
  is n't a good question on this problem of violence against immigrants . 
  even when the problem of immigrants is serious , nothing justifies violence . 
  btw . 
  the problems of masses of immigrants in the mediterranean sea is provoked by western powers by destabilizing northern africa . 
  the us gets a lot of immigrants because the americas were treated as the backyard with destabilizing effects on politics and economy . 
  anyway you ca n't solve such a problem by isolation , but by collaboration . 
  immigrants at the border to mexico were welcome in the sense that employers could exploit them very cheap . 
  this economic incentive was the primary factor for a factual accepted immigration . 
  corporate america wants immigrants to lower the wages , while the citizens do n't want immigration to prevent the effect . 
  the same can be observed in spain , italy and greece . 
  right as well as left has the same kind of arguments . 
  us leftists are just arguing for more humanity , but without wanting to do any effort . 
  we could make a wager . 
  worse , it 's devil himself . 
  i see trusting politicians is n't easy, 
   exactly . 
  there must be order , but if the ordering is done wrong , it can be worse than no order at all . 
  use hola plugin for chrome, 
  the responsible for this reform will be oettinger a german known for his connections to the media industry . 
   can you really blame them ? 
  can you blame the murder of his wife , because he was jealous ? 
  can you blame the islamist killed the journalists of charlie hepdo , because they were offensive against his religion ? 
  people like you do n't get it . 
  thank you !, 
  sadly , i 'm have n't been there and my knowledge about the area is near null .
