we are in 2014 dude , not 1920 hint : american education . 
  i 'm supporting this, 
  i read a lot about spain and the psoe is n't much better . 
  so i do n't wonder something like this is happening . 
  as a norwegian : all of the eu standards have to be accepted without questioning . 
  i 'm wishing the uk happy times . 
  i love the multitude of cultures . 
  the only drawback of europe are too many politicians . 
  [ eg ser - bj\u00f8rn eidsv\u00e5g ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qynzdqjqgwm ) [ lars linkerifot - kammerpikene ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lqxseryrey ), 
   money produced directly from rail freight and passenger transportation services wo n't probably directly pay back the investment at least in the first decades , but in long term i am sure it will pay back from indirect benefits to host societies . 
  people and cargo can more easily more between baltic countries and hopefully in the future between finland and poland . 
  essentially it opens up new business opportunities not only to companies currently located in the area , but for new companies to invest . 
  high speed trains are expensive because of maintenance . 
  it 's reasonable to have a well chosen trade off , between speed and costs . 
  on short distances a high acceleration does wonders . 
  wow , i 'm touched . 
  my lexicon for mathematics has it 's origins in the ussr and was translated in the former gdr . 
  every engineering student had this relative cheap lexicon in the format of the bible with more than 900 pages . 
  yes , it the bible for scientists and engineers !, 
  http://www.amazon.com/handbook-mathematics-i-n-bronshtein/dp/3540434917 kudos to the russian culture for this amazing work !!!!, 
  i would like to make a travel to the russian far east ( sakhalin ) . 
  siberia must be gorgeous . 
  sadly i have n't the money for such an adventure . 
  i 've read on european forums russians have a great heart , which makes me more curious . 
  you are bankrupt because your creditors do n't trust you longer which translates too your banks do n't get money from the global markets as well as the government . 
  even when you have economic success , without the trust of creditors it 's changing immediately into a depression , because no one would be able to invest . 
  this happened to portugal in a relative stable situation , when suddenly the agencies started to down rate the country . 
  the liabilities of portugal were lower than the german ones . 
  portugal was easy to handle and wrecked intentionally and the train was going to spain and italy . 
  i do n't how you can simply exaggerate the number for 2011 , the numbers of 2012 are clear . 
  neither the gdp nor gdp per capita is a main factor for calculating the payments . 
  the point is , every system in nowadays status has it 's problems and no one wants to start this discussion one time too , because with that many member states it 's impossible to achieve something better . 
  it 's the price to pay for an economic union . 
  for every member state it 's a bet , to get more profit out of this than without the union . 
  if a government thinks this profit is n't good , they will start a process of separation . 
  but for most member states there is even in this current agony no alternative , because without a membership all exports into the eu are too expensive . 
  this may be true even for uk . 
  norway would pay , because eastern and southern europe are literally bankrupt . 
  i love germany for it 's cheap internet markets . 
  i love sweden for it 's good restaurants with a real service . 
  i love denmark for it 's coast at the baltic sea . 
  i love czechia for the beautiful town prague . 
  i love poland for the relentless work of rebuilding the towns after ww2 and the relentless polish workers here in norway . 
  i have never seen so hard working people . 
  no , i love all of europe . 
  it 's full of exiting history and interesting citizens . 
   are you braindead ? 
  no , but you , because you have no arguments but ad hominem . 
  be well and prosper !, 
  hahaha, 
   russia needs the eu as a customer more than the eu needs their supply . 
  really please post a proof . 
  i 'm tired of such statements without any proofs . 
   energy supply is and will continue to be a problem . 
  the answer is a diversification of supplier 's so a belligerent state like russia can never feel like it can hold europe hostage over it 's policies , and an investment in renewables and nuclear energy . 
  nuclear energy is n't a solution because of the waste problem and the supply with uranium isotopes . 
  and do n't mention a new technology producing more isotopes than needed . 
  it 's like the cold fusion a nice idea , but far from reality . 
  / this !!!, 
  i have experienced polish workers in norway , working very hard . 
  they are working like the hell is coming on them . 
  even germans does n't work that hard . 
  they just want to make money for the time in poland and getting totally exhausted . 
  as a consequence they have many health problems . 
  this is a god to know posting !, 
    countries like germany or poland ca n't replace russian lng  expensive , but totally possible . 
  which country wants a problem for it 's ability to compete on the global market because of high energy prices ? 
  we do n't have to discuss the answer . 
  in central europe gas is used for many purposes , like cooking , warming , industrial processes . 
  especially the usage of gas was cheap in new houses because it 's less investment into area . 
  the power production with gas is too expensive . 
  countries like germany have too much renewables which are sometimes pressing the price for power into negative regions when the demand is highest . 
  lng or just ng is unimportant , because the amount of gas delivered to western europe from russia is n't negligible . 
  what these jerks are n't discussing is the dependence from gas and the potential of extortion for geostrategic reasons . 
  in the end it 's always like the situation when the opec stopped deliveries of oil in 1973 . 
  it 's better to develop a different energy source and give a fuck you to energy supply monopolists . 
  you have n't been in nord\u00f8sterdalen . 
  when i arrived there i was confronted with words like `` veke '' and `` vuggu '' . 
  even norwegians had problems to understand them . 
  it 's just a matter of time , when the brain is training by listening . 
  i discovered in norway dialects are very common in this world and we have get used to it . 
  this thread is one of the typical circle jerks on reddit . 
  countries like germany or poland ca n't replace russian lng because of the amounts . 
  europe needs communication with each other not a bogeyman . 
  otherwise russia will sell the lng to asia in the mid term . 
  the focus on fossil energy was always a problem and will be a problem in the future too . 
  just do n't care . 
  the amount of dialects in norway is high and most people do n't speak pure norwegian . 
  who would invade sweden , a country which declined an offer of free oil from norway ? 
  hehehehe, 
  my guess is some swedish politicians would love to see sweden joining the nato . 
  it 's the same sort of game , when us uboats tried to test swedish defense in the 1970th with the knowledge of some swedish military . 
  ps : the stranded russian u-boat was a different accident, 
  looking at the tv from different countries when there is election time i do n't see many differences . 
  a good example is australia dominated by the murdoc press or germany when mostly the cdu and spd are getting time in tv shows . 
  companies are owned by foreigners , because they have money and hungarians have not . 
  liberalism is about money and the freedom to invest money . 
  those who do n't have money have to work . 
  putting eastern europe into the competition of the globalized market showed the expected results . 
  neoliberals want to compete on an international level and orban has no choice to do so , because otherwise the eu will remove the ties to hungary , which means hungary would n't able to export anything .
