  that 's the best insult i 'm able to imagine . 
  you could be right . 
  but the tactic to destroy a civilization is n't working in your neighborhood and the point here is , the coup d'etat started in the very moment , when ukraine had the choice between offers from eu and russia and yanukovych did n't signed the agreement with the eu . 
  i guess the eu was bad prepared and helped to start this thingie maidan without reassuring that the new regime is a well known replacement . 
  to me it 's looking like the failure of the americans when they made a catholic puppet to south vietnam 's president and everyone knew catholicism was identified with oppression . 
  in this case everyone knew the country is split into to large groups but the eu vowed support to one part only . 
  my guess is , the eu believed the military power of kiev is sufficient . 
  in fact the ukraine becomes quite expensive and not even putin seems to be very interested to take over donetz . 
  the eu is already paying for sanctions to peasants and the ukraine has no industry adapted to the standards of the eu . 
  this reminds me on eastern germany and the hundreds of billions to upgrade the region to the standards of western germany . 
  as far as i know the eu this will not happen . 
  the eu itself is fucked because of the mediterranean countries with a weak economy and because of spain which is a potential country for civil war because of catalonia and a ridiculous stupid administration in madrid . 
  cameron was in the case of scotland much smarter . 
  the german government wants just better export opportunities or cheap labor . 
  i recommend already before in this subreddit ukrainians should rebuild their country without trusting anyone . 
  kissinger made with his statement `` america has no permanent friends or enemies , only interests '' clear that intentions of political powers are n't good for anyone else . 
  because iceland defected from norway !, 
  translation : she is american and the guide was a german speaking english on a messy level . 
  norwegians do n't care and looking amused at the eu . 
  the point is , the ioc do n't want an established infrastructure . 
  they want to celebrate a week long party . 
  that does n't work anymore . 
  russia is n't able to do something in the baltic , because russia has n't the resources to maintain the status of a military power . 
  in the case of ukraine the advantage was the location and timing of the event only . 
  to be honest when the west is financing a revolution they should n't act like amateurs and supporting politicians which have nothing else to do than alienating large parts of the population by threatening them like timoshenko did . 
  the whole mess in eastern europe is caused by a missing professionalism and the russian government took advantage of the situation . 
  who is to blame for this ? 
  it 's hypocrisy to say we would n't take advantage of such a situation . 
  your template of a politician should be henry kissinger , who was more clear headed than anyone of nowadays politicians and propagandists here . 
  to cite kissinger in this case of hypocrisy `` america has no permanent friends or enemies , only interests '' this is true for all power blocks like the eu and the us . 
  when you are drunk visualizing a pint or a liter gives the same result . 
  this should be crossposted to / r/nottheonion, 
  norwegian here : most people are living in cities like oslo . 
  so your argument about population density is wrong . 
  admit germans are just jerks . 
  yes , the ukraine had to choose anyway . 
  your declaration sounds too idealistic . 
  the ukraine was divided between the russian friendly and a western friendly block . 
  it was always a struggle between both sides since the birth of the ukraine . 
  the result was the interference by external powers to gain influence and this never showed good results in the long term . 
  instead of reforming the state to develop the economy it became a war between to parts of the citizens . 
  a democracy without a working economy is likely to be unstable , incl . 
  all the symptoms of corruption , a bad healthcare etc. 
  i 'm hoping for the ukrainians that they are stopping to look up for a savior . 
  neither eu nor any president will save you . 
   ukraine has a lot of industries that are completely dependent on the energy supply =  russian gas . 
  if the price goes up , their product is not competitive . 
  this is not good in a long term as it makes the whole country dependent . 
   what ukriane should be doing is figuring out its competitive sides and using them . 
  the problem with a change is you need money . 
  the loans the ukraine is getting now are for paying other loans . 
  the ukraine was until a short time ago part of another economic region with different regulations . 
  to move a company to different rules is expensive . 
  my point is , the expectations in the eu are to high . 
  the ukrainians have to save themselves . 
  i 'm really interested in renewables but the idea of bio fuel thingie was the worst idea ever . 
  you are getting agricultural wastelands . 
  they are biological dead . 
  the proportion of jobs in the agricultural industry in germany shrinked since the end of ww2 to less than 5 % . 
  modern peasants are highly mechanized . 
  is n't the uk anyway on the way out of the eu ? 
  romania had special rules to follow . 
  the citizens of the ukraine are n't going to move free in the eu because of restrictions for the next 20 years . 
  the ukraine is between 3 power blocks : the eu , usa and russia . 
  every power has it 's own interests . 
  there is simply no way out of this mess . 
  you are naive . 
  politics is n't about people but power . 
  you ca n't change that . 
  in greece people die because they ca n't afford drugs and the merkel government is at the same time explaining greece has to make more sacrifices . 
  yes it is , but what is the benefit for the simple citizen ? 
  the situation down south is pretty scary . 
  the unemployment rate for the youth in france , spain and portugal is something like 50 % . 
  swedes and danes prefer to be under the dictatorship of the eu commission . 
  ps : did you know there was an offer to sweden for 40 years ago by sharing parts of statoil against paying for development of the oil fields ? 
  take a look at finland where the people are against more help for greece and i guess in other countries there is no difference . 
  this is n't about honor or something like that shit . 
  be realistic . 
  south europe is bankrupt as well . 
  if someone is hoping the eu will save citizens , he is wrong . 
  the ukraine is bankrupt like greece or worse and i do n't see any will in the eu to pay for a development of the ukraine . 
  a candidate for the eu membership has to follow all the regulations which makes companies in the ukraine uncompetitive . 
  maybe i 'm painting a too dark picture , but greece is a warning for the ukrainian citizens what is going to happen . 
  no , the nationalistic arguing on the prussian side was just about a former membership in the holy roman empire . 
  the template for this war were delivered by danish nationalists . 
  bismark was like kissinger , only interested to raise and secure the power of prussia . 
  it was nothing personal . 
  come on , this graphic is linked from the danish wp . 
  to me the plebiscite in 1920 is the real thing . 
  you are right . 
  tbh : the outcome of this history is not very satisfying . 
  when stoltenberg was mp in schleswig-holstein ( 1970th ) his administration was in fear of more danish influence . 
  it 's the same stupidity on german side . 
  today i have relatives which went on danish schools and studying in denmark . 
  my guess is they will never moving back , because of relations there . 
  we are living in europe !, 
  you are right . 
  it will be just another patriotic version of a lost war . 
  but we a are lucky , it wo n't be on a level of rambo . 
  no , prussia,
