  norway was until ww2 a country of craftsman . 
  many tools were made instead of buying them . 
  iron in the rural regions was until the 18th century produced from iron found on the surface of swampy areas . 
  [ house were made with a technique called lafting . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/d4746vgms-w ) which made it possible to move them . 
  [ norwegian fishing boats were build with a technique similar to vikingboats until ww2 ] ( https://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordlandsb%c3%a5t ), 
  norwegian is influenced by swedish , danish , lower saxony , french , arabic, 
  it 's expensive to live where the good jobs are . 
  california is at verge to get water rationed . 
  public transportation is underdeveloped and commuting times are easily 2hours one way . 
  it 's a waste of time . 
  living at a fault line must be exciting . 
  californians are smoking at least 10 times more pot than europeans . 
   ( although the intelligibility of danish can be disputed ) . 
  i looked at the show danmarkshistorien at dr.dk and it was surprisingly easy to understand . 
  sometimes there is even hope for danish citizens !, 
  live with a hot potato in the mouth is the real problem , not swedes . 
  no , because it 's irrational, 
  norway : i 'm working from 07:00 -15:00 . 
  officially i have a flexible time , but i like walking home 15:00 . 
  usually nobody but the salesman is wearing a dress . 
  [ there are some awesome beaches in the vester\u00e5len with color like in the caribbean ] ( http://www.dagsavisen.no/polopoly_fs/1.350036.1429259621!/image/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/169_980/image.jpg ) . 
  what i 've read from germany is , are you getting caught with some nano grams thc in the blood you will lose your drivers license . 
  since thc do n't vanish after just some hours marijuana user are pretty fucked . 
  if you are a seller be careful . 
  hold a distance of 1.5-2 arm lengths . 
  do n't try to talk all the time . 
  have a pause between sentences of some seconds . 
  if you just interested into small talk and cultural exchange : when meet tourists repeatedly regular greetings like a good morning are helping . 
  do n't try to help until they ask you or looking really helpless , because otherwise you will be identified as a cheap seller . 
  the art is here to get used to european habits . 
  tv shows from europe may help you . 
  there is no textbook definition , which makes it exiting . 
  you grasp the word by make a collection of the usage . 
  1 ) make a 2nd language like spanish mandatory in school as early as possible 2 ) provide tv from other continents because the us is isolated on a intellectual level 3 ) the electoral college is terrible 4 ) renew the constitution . 
  as a comparison the norwegian constitution is from 1814 but was `` overhauled '' many times to adapt to modern standards , like the european convention for human rights . 
  5 ) the education system is so bad , that companies prefer immigrants . 
  remove tuition fees , have a common standard for financing schools and universities . 
  also get rid of anti science influences in the education system . 
  change the education system to a build of personality instead of producing the right output for a hr department . 
  r\u00f8ros , norway, 
  europe is a blender . 
  only the last 100 years were a little bit different . 
  before ww1 it was n't hard for a worker to search a job over the next border . 
  my ancestors are distributed over all of northern europe . 
  netflix, 
  norway : it is n't dark and cold . 
  norway is can be very grey , windy and humid at coastal regions , which is worse , while most parts of norway 50km away from the coast are relative dry with low temperatures in winter time . 
  the light from april to september is superior to middle european countries . 
  i would n't exchange shorter days against the midnight sun . 
  long sun raises and sun downs are superior compared to the tropics . 
  for photographers it 's the heaven . 
  it 's a question from an us citizen and i 'm tired of wrong and stupid ideologies like pushing a country into democracy by mass murdering people . 
  this is question alone is the proof for an atrocious mindset . 
  under the label of spreading democracy the us is leading into murdering civilians . 
  take for example grenada . 
  when they elected the wrong party , the us had to correct the results by an invasion like by ussr in prague 1968 . 
  guatemala : when new new elected president arbenz wanted to nationalize the agro industry , the cia labeled him as communist , and voila some mercs arrived , shooted workers first and then ripped the power from arbenz . 
  continue this history with iran , chile , indonesia , etc etc. 
  i blame the us for the regime in iran . 
  i blame the us for the killing of 1million so called communists in indonesia , mostly poor peasants living on 3rd world level . 
  ho chi ming ( vietnam ) wanted help from the us to achieve independence and received weapons until france begged . 
  the whole atrocity ended with millions of dead vietnamese and some ten thousands of conscripted dead soldiers , while in the us the civil rights movement was classified a communistic . 
  us citizens should n't ask such questions , when they are too lazy to read books . 
  personal i believe the population of a nation should handle their own dictators . 
  otherwise parasites like the us trying to gain an advantage and going to mass murdering people . 
  norwegian : rolig - calm swedish : rolig - funny, 
  use only mastercard or visa your card must have a pin number and a security chip in many countries credit cards are n't common . 
  you have get your money in the atm, 
  norway has a christian party , but this party is n't right wing . 
  they are against abortion and for the opportunity to establish christian schools , but they are slowly vanishing from the political landscape , since people do n't care about religion longer . 
  the origin of this party was a christian socialist movement . 
  of course we have extremists believing into creationism etc. 
  but they are a very small group . 
  snatch is n't really unknown ... :-), 
  riget - i have all the dvd !, 
  the most wonderful sope opera i know !, 
  it depends . 
  when it 's an excuse not make an argument , i 'm getting very angry sometimes . 
  otherwise i 'm thankful for getting sometimes a hint . 
  american = = an uneducated human making the mistake to identify themselves with a nation by mentioning a continent . 
  they are americans . 
  i experienced over 40c coming from norway when i traveled through karratha ( australia ) . 
  out of the plane from 20c to 45c , into the terminal with 18c , out of the terminal 45c into the bus 16c and 2min later into the terminal 18c for the helicopter . 
  it was pretty awful . 
  i admire the workers on the airport . 
  it depends on traffic and road conditions . 
  in norway you are able to drive with an average of 40mph , which includes pauses . 
  when i lived in the south i made day trips up to 500miles . 
  here in the north we have just one road . 
  pizza grandiosa, 
  to be fair the eu changed a little bit , because the fishing resources were gone . 
  but before 2000 it was catastrophic . 
  the eu is a necessity , but not loved . 
  most of norway 's trade is going into the eu . 
  would norway have been a member of the eu most of our fish resources would have vanished , because the eu had a ridiculous fishing management controlled by profit only . 
  democracy in the eu is a joke , when the parliament has no right to propose laws . 
  there up 4 % vegetarians in norway . 
  but my numbers are pretty old . 
  the other side of the coin is , we are eating whale .
