  that does n't fit together . 
  sorry that is the same silliness like in the former pact of warsaw . 
  they used similar arguments . 
  democracy is n't about right or wrong . 
  it 's about majorities . 
  anyway whether propaganda comes from russia , latvia , poland , usa or somewhere else , i read from propaganda the policies of the governments and it would be a shame not being able to read them . 
  free speech includes propaganda too and educated people are able to learn from propaganda . 
  do n't imitate russia, 
  because banning media is democratic ? 
  what a circle jerk . 
  this sub is going to hell which such democrats . 
  it 's time for you to learn that free speech is n't about having the same point of view . 
  this is one of the rare quality postings in this subreddit . 
  i get in northern norway sweden 's svt . 
  i guess in.the south they get denmark 's dr, 
  try to make a conversation in northern spain . 
  i wish you luck, 
  why should someone wasting his time by the usual level of / r/europe ? 
  this subreddit goes the way of / r/worldnews . 
  i 'm proud to be a true european by just taking care of woman like our viking ancestors in the middelages . 
  ok , it 's against eu regulations , but until the eu is acting this will be history . 
  the circle jerk is , everyone , even a terrorist of a isis member , is able to call himself to be a christian . 
  and since refugees doing all to be accepted as refugees i 'm curious how this turns out . 
  oh really ? 
  most western countries have that many christians , but denmark . 
  censorship is always a good idea to fight for human rights . 
  the idea of outlawing thoughts is ridiculous . 
  cheaper transport of stuff inside europe . 
  the bureaucracy added always some % on the prices . 
  and we do n't have to show the passports which is at some borders a real relieve , because of the masses . 
  a 4 lane motorway will never be sufficient when people from hamburg will discovering denmark . 
  the motorway a1 to the baltic sea has always congestions when the summer is arriving . 
  some countries have killing cops , france has car killers . 
   9 ) romania is notorious because of gypsies . 
  gypsies speak romani , which is a different language than romanian . 
  gypsies are also called `` rromi '' in romanian , and romanians are called `` romani '' in romanian . 
  (  _  ) it 's looking like gypsies speaking a language from northern india . 
  when i read the comments to the song ederlezi a guy from india stated he understand parts of the song . 
   for those of you who now think , that this society is probably some random bunch of nutjobs : president of this society and russia 's minister of culture is the same person . 
  it fits for reddit very well . 
  it 's just , when we start to post all silliness of europe , serious threads have no chance, 
  we are so lucky , that so many people doing porn , nobody cares about you . 
  considering the amount of selfies and amateur porn , you must be wrong . 
  anyway your idea of pornography is weird . 
  the real question is : is porn hurting ? 
  i would rather get rid of movies which are offering violence as a solution . 
  i 'm remembering the first [ olsen gang ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0063386/?ref_=fn_al_tt_2 ) which was a comedy for the hole family . 
  neither denmark , germany nor norway was hurt by the popular series , which included porn magazines and hookers as good persons, 
  the uk is different . 
  the parliament had a god like power until the eu became more power . 
  i 'm trusting sch\u00e4uble always like like any politician or especially kissinger . 
  the latter sabotaged the negotiations to end the vietnam war in 1968 , to give nixon an advantage . 
  either this newspaper does a terrible propaganda or these people are retards , because i 'm remembering the traffic jams at the border and waiting for 2 hours , before the controls went down . 
  it 's simply fun to make a visit of our neighbors . 
  not everyone lives on cameron 's island . 
  what is the idea of an europe with closed borders ? 
  i 'm really glad that no serious one in scandinavia is having similar ideas . 
  this is n't going to happen . 
  such an action would lead to lost of trust into agreements and everyone would blame the german government , even for bad developments that was n't caused bei sch\u00e4uble and merkel . 
  this is bullshit . 
  all greater members of the eu are in need of the eu markets . 
  the relative low amount of export into the eu of the uk is a symptom of a relative weakness of the british industry ( in opposite to the financial sector ) . 
  with a brexit the first ones to pay the price are the eu citizens who moved into the uk or uk citziens who moved into the eu . 
  it 's very likely that free movement will be canceled and foreigners have to move out because cameron is an idiot . 
  i doubt that the eu market itself is threatened . 
  uk will get a sort of an agreement . 
  that 's right , it 's just everybody mentioned the greeks . 
  there is not something like the greeks . 
  greek industry had not the capital to modernize the production in the 12 years before the crisis ended the dream . 
  a common greek citizen had 2 jobs because they could n't otherwise afford the apartments . 
  and / u/rr333r wrote about a greek orgy . 
  since the end of the military regime either pasok or nd was in the government . 
  and of course the media was against any leftist . 
  most voters had n't really a choice . 
  since the powerhouses of germany , uk and france played this game for a decade together with nd and pasok to make money for their economy , most of the discussion here is either hypocritical or idiotic . 
  sch\u00e4uble itselv was accused of corruption . 
  he was lucky that the germans do n't sentence politicians of the government, 
  with 2000 working hours per year , even more than the americans ( 1400 ) , the greeks are lazy fucks and stole our jobs . 
   united in a mess i love it !, 
  it 's looking complicated like german but names in german do n't get declined, 
   barely 70 years have passed since its creation and the end of an era of total wars until the 1990s we had in the many wars after ww2 already over 60million deaths . 
  of course we had no total wars . 
  it 's just american planned dulles and lemnitzer the total war , mao was disappointed of the soviets because they did n't wanted a war and the cubans were disappointed as well . 
  whether the soviets planned something i do n't know . 
  the un was always a political institution and will always be . 
  the security council was always a political instrument . 
  expecting something positive from such a institution is naive . 
  nice article . 
  usually i do n't read stratfor because their arguments having to much of morality in it . 
  but this article is different . 
  you can literally feel how the author was fapping when he wrote the article . 
  next circle jerk please, 
  putin is evil and cameron is a democratic elected leader hahahaha, 
  yeah democracy is overrated . 
  when it comes to russia democracy is best , but greece and a vote that ca n't be allowed , because it 's populism . 
  the italian tragedy is next ;-) as far i know italian debts are higher than the debts of greece . 
   also those politicians , as bad/corrupt as they come , were making slow progress until syriza arrived . 
  that is your theory . 
  i do n't believe it . 
  what you want is a result you like , which is n't democratic .
