  i know there was a hellenistic and later roman influence , but the area the black sea has more to offer . 
  i was infected by thor heyerdahl 's book `` the hunt for odin '' and norwegian history ( 15 volumes ) . 
  history is about cultural exchange and resources . 
  even when heyerdahl was n't always right , he had the right spirit when he saw national borders as a barrier for science . 
  the book `` the hunt for odin '' is very interesting , because his presumption was nordic culture was influenced by people from the black sea . 
  as an curious citizen without any access to scientific literature i 'm not able to read more about it . 
  of course you are right , we should habe a centralized access of our cultural heritage in english not just for the eu , but for the hole area from northern africa to vladivostok . 
  the way to go to would be a 1 . group of friends , later a foundation to promote such a project . 
  the uk was a wonderful exception , but this not the usual case . 
  for example the german government of the federal state of schleswig-holstein was until the 1980s very cautious about the danish minority , because they could get the wrong idea large part of schleswig-holstein should returned to denmark . 
  try this is any country . 
  the last case was in spain when the government threatened the catalans because of separatism . 
  many civilians moved to rural areas and before a bombing run there was an acoustic alarm . 
  the people moved to public bunkers or to the cellar . 
  [ the latter did n't help in the case of phosphor bombs in case of hamburg , when whole areas of hamburg were burning and people suffocated . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bombing_of_hamburg_in_world_war_ii ), 
  it 's relevant . 
  thanks for this posting . 
  it 's the same here in norway , when education is dependent on local politicians . 
  it forces the people to think about reasonable solutions instead of do n't do anything with a problem . 
  i do n't think so , because many here interested into history and culture . 
  it 's reddit, 
  i 'm not wondering . 
  the average soldier was in the age of18-22 and in combination with that time thoughts about the role of woman . 
  when woman at that time got raped too many of them had to deliver the proof about `` enough '' resistance . 
  in the beginning of the 1980 environmentalism was in it 's diapers . 
  in germany the green party was born , in norway was the movement against more hydroelectric power plants and the public became aware of the co2-problem . 
  ideas about a future without nuclear power were the ideas of `` terrorists '' . 
  the seas of europe were plundered beyond sustainability . 
  the east was n't better and because of the worshipping feasibility it became worse . 
  but this poster has a clear artistic concept which makes it good , despite the hypocrisy . 
  i 'm sick of people praying for political correctness . 
  when something like this poster is so well made , we should acknowledge it . 
  are they criminals ? 
  they were before on tours in europe without accident . 
  is n't it embarrassing to revoke the visa for germany , because some rockers wanted to travel through europe and they did it before ? 
  a free europe should show his values . 
  i agree , which was the reason to make the posting . 
  a little fun ca n't hurt . 
  the newspaper `` die welt '' is a conservative newspaper and my guess is , they want more money for the army . 
  tanks are n't longer a weapon of first choice anyway . 
  come on , germans elected first schroeder and then merkel . 
  germans have earned honestly this result . 
   you do n't ban an entire category of products because the ignorant masses have a bug up their collective ass . 
  some democracies have a different point of view about this . 
  the `` collective ass '' is more important than jerks like you , because the times of the f\u00fchrer or stalin are over . 
  [ according to spiegel online ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/bundesnachrichtendienst-schindler-in-nsa-affaere-a-1030290.html ) they did spy on european industry amd european politicians on behalf of the nsa , which makes them to traitors . 
  the investigation committee excluded even the boss of the bnd . 
  germans are funny . 
  they are more loyal to the us than to themselves . 
  and you are qualified ? 
   it provides some of the best views of the sky in the entire world while being relatively reasonably to get materials and people to . 
  they also looked into the canary islands and antarctica amongst a few others , but stayed in chile the atacama desert is extreme dry and is therefore offering a more homogenous air than other regions in this world plus the mountains are high , which removes a lot of disturbing layers . 
  as long as religious zealots do n't come to power like in the us , it 's likely . 
  there was an article on / r/everythingscience that rats were n't the primary problem and the black death was transported many times with ships into europe . 
  the population density of poland ca n't be an explanation , because poland was more dens populated than norway and norway lost more than 50 % of it 's population after 1350 . 
  was n't that the idea of the eu ? 
  norwegian like swedish is easy to lean for a german as long you have the opportunity to hear and speak norwegian . 
  end of story ? 
  not at all !, 
  it 's important to speak at least one different language , because this world will never see one language only . 
  learning languages support an open mind and a better understanding of different cultures . 
  it 's good for business and peace . 
  i 'm living in a region were sometimes each valley has a different dialect at the border to be a language of it 's own . 
  i understand some swedish , danish , german and of course english . 
  the diversity of languages is a diversity of concepts , which is valuable . 
  it 's european !, 
  i say multi-lingualism is an advantage for all of us . 
  the cultural heritage is important to support creativity by differences in regional development . 
  otherwise we would stop learning a 2nd and 3rd language seriously . 
  differences in languages makes us aware of cultural differences and how to manage them . 
  it gives us a challenge which results into a better understanding of global developments . 
  this is a sort of social control which is at the border of a dictatorship . 
  the message is , when parents are n't obey they will get into problems . 
  this is a sort of communication which does n't fit into nowadays europe . 
  you need a router which is capable of managing thousands of ip connects , which is usually a router with much memory like the most expensive asus router ( 250mb ) since i have this router , hola is no problem . 
  the historical aspect of such a map is huge . 
  the french had a huge cultural influence on law giving , military organization and language . 
  basically all of european upper class spoke french at that time . 
   plenty of countries prosper outside of the eu . 
  no reason to think that we ca n't either . 
  most countries have relationships to markets and ca n't change them fast enough or different markets are already controlled by other countries , which makes your statement looking stupid . 
  i do n't know whether the uk is able to change the economic focus , but when cameron is serious about a possible brexit he should act now and not when it 's too late . 
  a part of norwegians is n't happy with the eu but have no realistic alternative . 
  as long a country depends on another powers interests there is no real choice . 
  as a norwegian i have to make the statement the eu is n't a union for mercy and welfare . 
  we are fulfilling all the demands of the eu commission in the fear to loose the relationship , because it would be otherwise the bankruptcy of norway . 
  i do n't know what farage is offering as an alternative . 
  i guess he has n't any . 
  the consequence of an eu exit would be following the eu directives without any influence , just for not paying the import tolls . 
  this expectation of 55billion is a little bit low . 
  loosing the competition by paying import tolls when exporting into the eu could transform the uk into a 2nd world country . 
  the eu shows solidarity with sweden ? 
  there is no patent on our methods . 
   and this is what we get for not having a unified foreign policy . 
  not everyone wants a unified foreign policy . 
  it 's not just the greeks . 
  remove the module , when you are concerned . 
  it has n't ended . 
  [ the supplier for the explosives was paid by the police ] ( http://www.heise.de/tp/artikel/41/41205/1.html ) and a man working a police was helping to build the bomb and he was an [ informant for the police ] ( http://www.heise.de/tp/artikel/18/18877/1.html ) .
