  the us did that to their citizens with japanese roots . 
  a state in a war does n't consider individualism very high . 
  the soviets were continuous in a war since the revolution , because guerrilla activity never ceased . 
  the eu is n't imploding . 
  the euro develops maybe into a disaster but nothing will halt the eu as a union for trade treaties . 
   we need to get our act together . 
  all of us . 
  who is us ? 
  you do nothing . 
  politicians are responsible for this and they denied you and every citizen action about this , because they are elected . 
  since the pisa school comparison schools changed in all of europe . 
  politics do n't want creativity but encouraging opportunism . 
  [ freek huisken has some wonderful lectures ] ( http://www.fhuisken.de/downloadable/gegenrede25.pdf ) but they are written in german . 
  use goggle translate [ freerk huisken2 ] ( http://www.fhuisken.de/gegenrede.html ), 
  thank you !, 
  the right wing of the political spectrum is suspecting a secret treaty with the us which makes germany 's independence to a joke , because of nsa and the embargo against russia , which is more serious for germany than for the us . 
  as long as the us is n't spying on terrorists only , the us will be accused of spying on german companies and the privacy of germans . 
  since this is gon na happen the nato will be under fire from german citizens . 
  i could answer cloudy and 16c , but st. petersburg , florida is rainy and has 26c . 
  source : yr.no, 
  germany , because they do n't have the \u00e5\u00f8 and \u00e6 keys on their keyboard and have the y and z exchanged . 
  i thought that having seen all the horrors of war they would stay away from any warzones . 
  not without reason . 
  when the evil putin burned chechnya because some chechen retards believed they could raise a islamist nation with the help of saudi arabia , many of the survivors searched for asylum and became known for harassing other migrants for none islamic attitudes and for joining terrorist groups . 
  using islamists as a tool for geopolitics was the doing of retards . 
  when even the sermon comes from the department of religious affairs it was an instrument to contain religion , because removing religion by force does n't work well . 
  it 's not just the us . 
  in norway municipalities got more responsibility for many years ago to support more democracy . 
  this resulted into national roads going through the center of towns to support local companies at low speed . 
  or national roads have different standards because municipalities could n't agree to national plans . 
  what i remember germany has similar problems because of it 's construction as a federal state . 
  i get the principles of checks and balances , but why has this principle expands to infrastructure ? 
  no , the us has massive problems to coordinate infrastructure on a nation wide level , because of the federal states . 
  nation wide projects becomming too often subject of local politics . 
  your circle jerk is funny : i wrote the government of helmut kohl is guilty to treat immigrants bad . 
  you : it 's anti-russian propaganda . 
  not true . 
  it 's mostly a question of finances . 
  no one wants to pay the bill . 
  when russians with `` german roots '' were invited after 1989 to immigrate to germany , it became too expensive to provide language courses , with the result more of them went straight into unemployment . 
  because their childs had friends and culture , they missed `` home '' in russia those childs went berserk and became often a problem . 
  no one cared . 
  pay the bill and you get less problems . 
  i 'm convinced with the uefa the world will change and becomes a paradise for football fans . 
  my guess is , the wake up will be terrible . 
  i doubt norway has not enough weight to push for more sustainable fishing practices . 
  the negotiations for the membership of 1994 were mostly about the spanish demand of accessing the norwegian fish resources . 
  at that time spanish trawlers did n't cared about quotas because the control was inefficient . 
  the eu parliament has no right to introduce new laws , only the commission has this right . 
  so voting for the good cause is n't was i appreciate and it 's one of the reasons i do n't like the eu . 
  nowadays norwegian trawlers have big brother on board . 
  each move is logged and a handwritten log is checked against the data . 
  as soon as control standards are lowered the fishing industry will plunder the resources until nothing goes . 
   the eu is a democratic system the saddest joke today come on downvoters : the parliament is n't able to propose laws , without the eu commission . 
  additional the governments have their own convention which is able to make proposals for your welfare ( hehe ) . 
  the is the state of a parliamentary system of the 19th century . 
  what is your point ? 
  it does n't matter at all . 
  i 'm not for the eu , but norway has no choice than to play the game of the eu , because of the economy . 
  a huge problem of a membership would be the management of fish resources . 
  the eu is n't known for a sustainable management and sharing fish with the spanish subsidized fishing industry would n't be funny . 
  the wale hunt would be forbidden too , which would remove access to tasty meat . 
  nothing serious will happen or erdogan will kill him self . 
  turkey has too much trade with the eu and a sanction against a eu member is a sanction against the hole eu . 
  what i have read about him is from telepolis , he changed the rules for the judges of the highest court and made very hard changes for the media . 
  but tbh . 
  i made the posting just for a sarcastic rant , because i hate those generalizations about people , because their government is retarded . 
  i 've never doubted hungary is save for a visit or something like that . 
  it 's too late . 
  we are of the first who are implementing directives , because we have no choice . 
  either we are playing the game or we will excluded from the eu marked . 
  and i 'm convinced we are working together with the nsa like the swedish do . 
  the worst thing is the generalization about people . 
  in this thread it is all turks are like erdogan , which is pretty stupid . 
  do n't forget you are on reddit . 
  hate is usually included . 
  you mean one victor orban is enough ? 
  while cameron is literally spying on all of europe , merkel knows nothing about spying at all officially and spain was many times sentenced because of torture , the eu has enough space for erdogan too . 
  so the eu banned some russians and now the russian government does some harmless retaliation . 
  why the circle jerk here ? 
   criticizing our own institutions is exactly what separates us from russia and other despotic regimes . 
  hahaha , dream on . 
  we are better . 
  no governments are doing the propaganda , the citizens doing this . 
  i guess this list was made to have something for the russian media . 
  it 's literally a diplomatic courtesy . 
   if the neccesary political will is present . 
  the `` if '' here is the problem . 
  the citizens of ukraine are in the current situation just the victims of a geo strategic game and some billionaires . 
  nationalism is always about how to use nationalistic idiots for geopolitical purposes . 
  thank you for your post !, 
  i saw chinaman on netflix and it 's not really a new film , but i loved the story http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0414195/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1 it 's about a divorce and a marriage for money ( love is included ) . 
  but be warned it 's a scandinavian movie and so is the story . 
  it 's cold there , but beautiful . 
  you are exchanging the summer with 12 c , rain and wind . 
  he is elected . 
  some hungarians are getting what they deserve . 
  i feel pity for the other part . 
  at least we have europe . 
  feel free to move out ...
