well thank you , i 'm perfectly happy with that analysis/alternate timeline !, 
  i try to be as honest and reliable as possible in these kinds of games and to be completely honest , i also simply am too lazy to scheme all the time  . 
  i 'll probably never be one of the top-3 in a mp with that style of play , but it 's what comes the most natural to me and what i find to be the most fun . 
  it really sucks that you had n't been doing these aars yet back at the first few sessions , would 've loved to hear your take on things back when europe ( and partly asia ) was still super crowded and full of players !, 
  haha no worries man , i mean if there had actually been a big war between the two blocks then bharat would indeed have most likely been on the losing side , so not giving me any major gains in your alternate reality definitely makes sense , 
  does n't quite feel like bharat came out a winner in this one but i 'll take it , still a great write-up , 
  yes , democracy needs to be protected from people who want to do away with the very foundations of said democracy . 
  that includes the extreme left as well as the extreme right , both of which want to replace it with a different form of government , as well as people who incite violence and deny others their basic human dignity . 
  but that 's exactly the point . 
  we germans know first hand how terrible people can be , that 's why we put in place these mechanisms to protect our democracy , a democracy that was too weak to protect itself between 1918 and 1933 . 
  thanks for the write-up , i 'm sure looking forward to the ottoman 's perspective as well !, 
  i could offer you ming , 
  you are correct of course , i 'm sorry about that mistake !, 
  great idea , bad selection of images . 
  shitty source and the article leaves out some pretty important details but [ here ] ( https://www.express.co.uk/news/world/659615/watch-poem-jan-boehmermann-neo-magazin-royale-recep-erdogan-merkel-germany-turkey ) is a subtitled version ( with some small translation errors ) and they also have the text of the poem at the end of the article . 
  you sure like your generalizations . 
  as much as i hate erdogan , it 's still very much our own fault . 
  this is a stupid law that needs to be changed but as it stands now the turkish government has every right to ask for an investigation . 
  i am still very confident that nothing , not even a fine , will come of this but its our lawmakers who have fucked up here and now our courts are obligated to at least look into this and start an investigation . 
  i agree , it 's a stupid law that needs to be changed but as it stands now the turkish government has every right to ask for an investigation . 
  i am still very confident that nothing , not even a fine , will come of this but its our lawmakers who have fucked up here and now our courts are obligated to at least look into this and start an investigation . 
  that 's how most of our laws are worded though , it does n't make it any better but it 's not something specific to the law discussed here . 
  basically most of them are rather short and look like this : `` a person who does x will be punished with imprisonment up to y years or with a monetary fine . '', 
  more often than not they mention a possibly prison sentence but then 99 % of the time people are just fined . 
  we are indeed , i 'm fine with our laws in that regard and i assume you 'd disagree with that . 
  but that 's what makes this situation so important , maybe it 's worth redefining the lines here and even if it 's not , it 's good that we are at least having a discussion about it . 
  even as someone who thinks it 's good that we have laws against hate speech and stuff like that , i do agree that this specific one is rather absurd and i compliment b\u00f6hmermann for pointing that out . 
  that 's how most of our laws are worded though , it does n't make it any better but it 's not something specific to the law discussed here . 
  basically most of our laws are rather short and look like this : * `` a person who does x will be punished with imprisonment up to y years or with a monetary fine . 
  [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmqkv5ctuoy ) might be a bit better known in this subreddit . 
  prison time up to three years it the theoretical maximum , although that 's highly unlikely . 
  a fine is n't too likely to be issued either according to most experts who i 've read from so far , although if there is a fine then there is no maximum amount specified in the law if i remember correctly . 
  yes please !, 
  i wo n't be able to make it this session so if anyone can fill in for me ( bharat ) that would be great , would suck to see the ai fuck things up : / . 
  bharat is in a decent position i 'd say and the game in asia is n't nearly as stressful as in europe , so even if you are n't the most experienced player and/or are new to this multiplayer game of ours , you should be okay  . 
  i probably will be gone pretty much all of saturday but if you are considering playing bharat then you can shoot me a quick pm and i will try to get back to you and fill you in , if this does n't work then just talk to your allies , they shoulld be able to give some advice too . 
  awesome , already looking forward to it , 
  yeah it sucked to see how things went for you , people should 've warned you how hopeless muscovy 's situation was : /, 
  basically the belief that other nations are inferior to your own , that you as a citizen of your country are better than the people in the countries around you and that your nations interests should always come first , no matter what damage it might cause to your neighbours . 
  i guess that 's probably what bosgeus would call chauvinism but for me ( and i think many other germans ) the two words are almost synonymous . 
  as i said , i think the disconnect here might be between the historical definition of nationalism and a more modern one which applies to countries where the nationalist movement has already succeeded and a unified nation had been formed centuries ago . 
  that 's somewhat different than how things are taught here then . 
  if you talk to random germans on the street then you will probably find quite a few who identify as patriots ( from all over the political spectrum ) , but barely anyone outside of the extreme right would openly admit to being a nationalist . 
  like , i would say even most afd members do n't identify as nationalists , that kind of stuff is reserved for parties like the npd . 
  it also seems like your definition of nationalism is a rather historic one by the way , which mainly pertains to populaces who do n't live in one unified country just yet . 
  basically like the german nationalism of the 19th century , which is wastly different from the nationalism of today . 
  yeah that 's my experience as well . 
   being proud of being german is really weird , you just happened to be born in germany , but what do you have to do with all the great german inventors for example ? 
  nothing really , just coincidence that you were born here . 
  that does n't mean that we do not love germany , it 's more about `` do something to be proud of yourself '' . 
  i 'd say that describes the feelings of most germans on this topic quite well . 
  yeah ... no . 
  it 's pretty much the other way around , at least here in germany , or how you define these terms is vastly different from how germans do . 
  schland !, 
  i have read the article , in fact it mentions the very point that i made as well as some pros and cons from the author on whether he thinks this is the case or not . 
  i think you misunderstood me , i do n't think it 's bad to have as many people in the middle class as possible , it 's just not possible statistically if you use a method like the one in the op . 
  if your definition of poverty is `` people who make less than 60 % of the average income '' then it 's pretty much impossible not to have a significant number of `` poor '' people unless you live in a super socialist wunderland that only exists in theory . 
  i 'd say the study in the op does n't so much describe poverty as it describes inequality , which of course is an important topic as well . 
  people understand that these kinds of statistics are relative , right ? 
  there can be no middle class without there being a lower income class as well , that 's a pretty simple statistical reality especially with the method they used here . 
  that 's not to say that we should n't fight actual poverty , but people need to get away from the idea that everyone can be in the middle class , that 's not how economics work . 
  hell if you look at wealth as an absolute value ( on a global scale ) then everyone in germany is rich anyway . 
  we do n't have time for such nonsense !, 
  awesome , thank you !, 
  i 'm in asia myself so i have a good grasp on what 's going on there , i was just looking for some good screenshots of the situation around the world so yours are perfect , 
  the far-right bias is strong in this one . 
  yeah ... no . 
  just came back from the voting booth myself ... 
  i myself do n't expect any major changes/shifts of power other than the afd likely scoring double digits in all three elections , which will give them a relatively strong voice of course but likely wo n't change much for the cdu and spd in the short term . 
  i meant an ingame one , just your regular map view basically , which has the country tags etc. . . mr. popes maps are awesome too of course , love those as well , 
  does someone have an ingame screenshot from the end of the session ? 
  ca n't make one myself cause i do n't own all the dlcs : /, 
  for me personally let 's plays helped a lot , watched a bunch of those before i actually had the confidence to try the game myself . 
  but if you join a big multiplayer game like this one , which also has a teamspeak by the way , then there 'll always be people around who are willing to help you !, 
  what happened there in the first session if i may ask , i remember you as a really savy player from the last session so i was quite surprised to see england crushed like that . 
  basically no support from burgundy/aragaon against france/castille or what was the problem ? 
  it sucks that i ca n't see europe ingame yet so i probably do n't have the detailed knowdledge that i 'd need , but would n't it at least be a possibility that the german & italian states guarantee england , maybe with some help from eastern nations as well ? 
  i mean those are the ones who should feel the most threatened by france anyway , so even if they are fighting their own wars right now i do n't think then can sit idly by while france blobs and blobs . 
  once england is gone , they would be next . 
  a good compromise would probably be for ducemon to try england and then if things do n't work out for him he can still just switch to another nation after the first re-host ? 
  that 's probably true but still , most of europe feels pretty threatened by the french-spanish alliance so they should have an interest in containing them . 
  while our rules prevent them from forming one big alliance , guaranteeing englands independence is a way the other european nations could take away one easy current expansion path for the french . 
  but you are right , it 's probably gon na be a rather frustrating experience either way so looking for alternatives certainly is a good idea . 
  i mean you could still try england , maybe with some luck and good diplomacy you can get some of the other bigger european powers to guarantee you ? 
  probably a longshot but that 's the last thing that i think could still save the english , at least until you are ready for your exodus . 
  viya ... viraj ... vijaranga ... eh ... that indian nation is here too by the way !, 
  first game i ever played in india and i 'm enjoying it so far , 
  great job , very cool to see all that , 
  yeah please do , 
  thank you @ / u/scanianmoose for the original post & translation !, 
  published by : ard / infratest dimap translated by : / u/scanianmoose source : https://www.tagesschau.de/multimedia/bilder/crbilderstrecke-265~_origin-63ace016-0cf7-4508-ad09-daa01f3d601d.html article ( german ) : https://www.tagesschau.de/inland/deutschlandtrend-487.html infratest dimap has not published the material these graphics were based on yet . 
  previous deutschlandtrends : september : https://imgur.com/a/r74wg november : https://imgur.com/a/eyrgw, 
  ca n't wait for that hormuz aar :d, 
  kind of a disappointing ending to all this but all things considered i still had a lot of fun with my first ever eu4 multiplayer game , so thanks for playing everyone  !, 
  i 'll try to write up a little aar this time as well and hope to read some more from you guys too now that this game seems to be finished ... 
  i think prussia is still a very solid and fun choice , they had a bunch of players already though and i would n't be surprised to see one of them back tonight , so prussia might not be available . 
  lithuania is done imho , they are completely surrounded by three more powerful nations , have no other way to expand and are n't of any value to a major alliance , i expect them to be eaten completely once all the current truces run out . 
  so yeah , they are n't a lot of interesting options left in europe unless one of the regulars does n't show up , so i would suggest looking for a nation in asia or maybe a cn . 
  oh and ... 
  speed :p,
