  would some of you guys want to meet 20 minutes early or so , just so we can check if everything works with the new patch and so that we have time for some re-downloading if it does n't ? 
  hope i 'll be able to make it again , sure was a lot of fun last time !, 
  it has n't changed my life at all aside from the fact that public discussions about said topic seem to have become a lot more vicious over the last few months , which has made some things rather unpleasant ... 
  there is one exception though , where i actually met some refugees face-to-face and was quite impacted by that and that was on christmas . 
  we always spend christmas with the religious part of my family , who lives in a small village in a very rural region , i 'm pretty much an atheist/agnostic but out of courtesy i still go to church with them when i 'm there . 
  they are a rather tight but also relatively small community so things there probably are the same as in many other churches around europe : lots of older people , a bunch of people who only show up on christmas ( like me ) , a bunch of empty seats and basically the same sermons and the same program each year . 
  you sit through an hour of it without really caring and are done . 
  but this year it was different . 
  a bunch of refugees had recently moved into an old military base a few km away and apparently quite a few of them have become regular churchgoers over the last few months . 
  some members of the community organized a shuttle service to be able to bring in as many of them as possible and when the service started , the place was packed . 
  extra chairs had to be brought in and it still was n't enough , people were sitting on the chairs and the floor and in the doorways and you could feel how important it was for them to be there , and how much the community had grown to like and value them as well . 
  it created a truly touching atmosphere and even i , who does n't care much about religion , was really moved . 
  and after the service people stayed around , food was brought in and everyone ate together , there were children running around and playing ... 
  it probably sounds really clich\u00e9e but the place felt more alive than ever and everyone seemed so much more engaged and truly touched because of it . 
  now i know that this is just one anecdote , in order for something like that to be possible the refugees need to be christians or at least open to attending a christian service regardless of their own faith , which i 'm sure many of them are not . 
  the refugee camp they are coming from also has seen its fair share of problems so it 's not like everything is perfect over there . 
  but as someone who barely notices any refugees in his everyday live , this singular event is the one that had the biggest impression on me so far . 
  and it also all happened in a very conservative and traditional community , which makes me hopeful that this is an issue that can be solved through personal contact in all segments of our population , it does n't need to be something where the dividing line has to be between left and right , where liberals fight with conservatives and all that . 
  it 's something we can solve together . 
  always love those write-ups of yours !, 
  and i think you and i have probably made sure that austria wo n't be eighth for much longer  ... 
  i 'm not quiite sure how to answer that actually . 
  i love my country and there is no other place i 'd rather live in at the moment ( even though there are tempting options for sure ) , but on the other hand i 'm not proud to be a german or anything like that . 
  pride , which i think is a term many people use when it comes to talking about patriotism , just is n't the word i would use to describe my attitude towards my country . 
  oh and no flag waving on my end . 
  it 's very uncommon here outside of football events anyway and even there i consider it to be kinda cheesy , something that mainly the casual fans do , the ones who only come out every two years for the big international tournaments . 
  i do n't even own a proper german flag , only some of these cheap ones that you can get with merch when the world cup rolls around . 
  is there like a list of players reddit names btw ) ? 
  i do n't know enough about other leagues but it sure is up with the best . 
  i always thought that spain had the strongest league out there but according to another poster in here they 've had some problems in recent years ? 
  well that was really fun guys , had a blast with my first multiplayer game ever !, 
  i hope i 'll be able to make it next week as well and make sure that my little hungary survives just a bit longer . 
  it looked really complicated to me as well when i was still considering whether to start playing the game or not , but then it 's surprisingly easy to get imho once you 've played for a few hours . 
  most of the mechanics are pretty intuitive and if you are a structured thinker ( which i 'm sure you are as a civ v player  ) then it 's not that hard to understand the mechanics . 
  you can basically play it like civ anyway , with a lot of pausing and unpausing and reacting to alerts that inform you of important events . 
  yay , floorball !, 
  man i would love if it had at least some of the popularity it has in sweden over here in germany ... 
  it 's decently popular here in germany i 'd say , of all the team sports competing for second place behind football , handball is probably the most widespread . 
  at least my impression is that it beats the likes of basketball , volleyball , ice hockey , field hockey etc. . . 
  hmmm okay sounds good , i guess that 's who i 'll go with then , 
  thanks for the write-up !, 
  hungary , poland or bohemia sound interesting to me , would be my first time playing either of these nations too and maybe i wo n't survive for very long , but it seems like it could still be fun , 
  never played eu4 on multiplayer game before but i should have some time tonight so it would be cool if i can join you guys  . 
  i 'm an intermediate player in single player i 'd say , i 've already racked up a bunch of hours but i do n't think i 'd be able to contend with the experts just yet . 
  sure would love to give this a try though !, 
  edit : any interesting nations in europe or its vicinity that are still available ? 
  -  has no idea what he is talking about and is completely factually wrong . 
  -  gets most upvotes because people like to get their stereotypes re-affirmed . 
  this article is from tuesday btw , here is a newer one that also includes some important recent developments : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/41zngn/kl%c3%b6ckner_candidate_of_cdu_withdraws_from/ what i wrote in there basically applies in here too : i 'm pro-spd and ca n't stand the afd , but boy is this embarassing for the two ruling parties ... first you try to force a boycott by extremely undemocratic means and now even your main political rival ( cdu ) gets an easy chance to benefit from it . 
  this really could n't have been handled any worse , it 's certainly a lot harder to argue with the `` lying press '' / `` there 's a conspiracy '' crowd after this ... 
  i 'm pro-spd and ca n't stand the afd , but boy is this embarassing for the two ruling parties ... first you try to force a boycott by extremely undemocratic means and now even your main political rival the cdu gets an easy chance to benefit from it . 
  this really could n't have been handled any worse , it 's certainly a lot harder to argue with the `` lying press '' / `` there 's a conspiracy '' crowd after this ... 
  too bad that schr\u00f6der , who i actually think was a good chancellor , already lost all credibility a loooong time ago . 
  just read a report ( in german ) that the police has identified the first three suspects now . 
  still not exactly a great number given the scale of the events but it 's a start i guess . 
  that 's all fair and well as a general statement but in this specific case it simply does n't apply imho . 
  take a few days where german newsrooms are operating with a minimal staff and combine that with the fact that the scale of those events was n't immediately apparent because of the negligence of a police force that was overworked that night , then factor in that it took a while until all the victims had reported the crimes and you quickly have a delay of a few days . 
  i find what happened as disgusting as everyone else , i just ask people to not construct some kind of conspiracy where there is none . 
  maybe it took a while for this to make national news but it certainly was n't something that was n't reported at all until it became a big story in monday . 
  it starts with reports about `` multiple '' cases of sexual assault on january 1st , then on january 2nd the articles mention that about 30 women have reported similar crimes and one of the articles actually cites a police official who says that they expect that number to rise significantly , as they think that many victims have n't made a report yet - which is exactly what happened , as the number had risen to about 90 on monday , which is when the full scale of this finally became clear . 
  this is pretty much the exact opposite of downplaying this issue or sweeping it under the rug . 
  i 'm actually fairly critical of refugees but boy can reading discussions about this topic here on reddit be depressing ... what happened in cologne was truly disgusting but i wish people would actually stick to the truth and discuss what really happened instead of resorting to conspiracy theories and blanket statements so damn much . 
  here in germany i 'm pretty much a centrist but in / r/europe i feel like the most extreme leftie sometimes just because i do n't flat out hate all refugees or think that the politicians and the media are conspiring to hide the truth from us while they promote the `` islamization '' of germany . 
  i actually do n't think that 's the case , i would n't be surprised if people did n't realize the scale of the events that had transpired until the 3rd/4th . 
  well it hit german local news the very next day and national news on monday , which was the same day that international news outlets started picking it up . 
  if you have n't seen anything about this until today then you simply have n't looked closely enough - plus as tragic as this is , it 's not really a major news story for someone outside of germany unless you want to use it as a talking point in the recent refugee debate . 
  i certainly do n't see a lot of news reports with headlines like `` group of women sexually assaulted near baltimore central train station '' in german newspapers . 
  and even if you think this should be discussed outside of germany because of the refugee aspect , you still have to wait until reliable confirmed information becomes available which has just started to happen these last few days . 
  also , what / u/ivashkin said . 
  the very next day was a national holiday which was directly followed by the weekend , a weekend where traditionally many german workers are still on vacation . 
  german news media does n't stop operating on these days but things certainly go slower and articles that require some research and are n't just a re-write of some bit from a news agency might be put on the back burner for for a day or two . 
  add in the fact that the women who got assaulted did n't all immediately report the crimes at 8am the next day , their reports also only started trickling in over the next few days for a variety of reasons . 
  der spiegel is the mainstream news site here in germany and one with more of a center-left stance ( or far left , according to our new right wing movements ) , they also were very pro refugee since the start of that whole debate . 
  it 's all about finding a good middle ground , blindly trusting the authorities is not a good idea but neither is seeing everything they do as a big conspiracy . 
  it 's an opinion piece , just because it 's an opinion you do n't share does n't make in invalid or a cheap rhetorical trick . 
  and if you ca n't see the clear cut racism and xenophobia , the conspiracy theories and the hatred that are spread by some parts of the `` new right '' then i do n't know what else to say , your points of reference must be very different than mine then . 
  and this applies here how . . ? 
  `` the debate over refugees in germany has grown divisive . 
  those in favor are unwilling to recognize the difficulties ahead while those opposed too often veer toward prejudice and xenophobia . 
  neither is helpful . 
  what 's needed is an atmosphere of critical empathy . '', 
  really ? 
  well i certainly have seen a ton of them around here these least few days/weeks . 
  probably , but there is so much right-wing propaganda and misinformation through suggestive titles that is happening in here right now , that i felt it was the right thing to present people with some actual facts that ca n't immediately get buried by some / pol vote brigade , like it has happened in a thread about this topic yesterday . 
  and i do n't want to downplay the events itself at all by the way , those were indeed very serious . 
  maybe it took a while for this to make national news but it certainly was n't something that wasn ' reported on at all until today . 
  many german inner cities are more or less a battlefield on new years eve anyway , so separating the usual crazy from even more despicable cases like this one does n't happen within a few hours . 
  if anything , i want my police to take their time and actually do a thorough investigation instead of just rushing out statements that later might have to be retracted . 
  exactly , germany wants a strong france as well and i sure hope things will look up for them again soon . 
  i got ta say , i 'm pretty shocked by the results . 
  even with the recent rise of the afd i would n't have thought that things are that bad . 
  german source with further stats and graphics : http://www.spiegel.de/panorama/gesellschaft/rechtsextremismus-studie-die-enthemmte-mitte-a-1097321.html, 
  now that 's incredibly stupid/greedy . 
  * the data is for the first quarter of 2016 ( january-march ) * over these three months there was a total of 69.000 criminal offenses committed by immigrants , although from january to march the monthly numbers dropped by 18 % * the most common criminal offenses were theft , forgery , offences against property and assault * algerians , moroccans , georgians , serbs and tunisians committed more crimes than the average , iraqis , syrians and afghans committed fewer * the number of crimes committed against immigrants dropped as well , but only by 7 % * the majority of these offenses ( 60 % ) were assault , battery and crimes against personal freedom [ not sure about translation , might mean deprivation of liberty ] , with assault and battery being the biggest group * there was a total of 345 criminal acts directed against refugee shelters, 
  i actually liked the `` heute show '' when it started , but boy do i find it annoying and unfunny by now . 
  i do n't know if the show has actually gotten that much worse or if it 's because i 've discovered actual good ( mostly american ) late night over the last few years , but it 's become pretty unbearable at this point . 
  it pretty much combines everything i do n't like about german cabaret and political comedy while having none of the wit and clever satire of jon stewart 's daily show and other similar programs . 
  i 'd actually like to have more air-conditioning both in public buildings and at home , and it 's not even that hot here . 
  i love salty licorice but man , this looks like a crime against nature ... 
  i think that 's just the general format used by most turkish newspapers .
