  i hope i 'll be home in time to participate , if so then hungary is on board !, 
  can you link me to it ? 
  because i neither got a message that the link was already posted nor did i see anything about it under recent submissions ... 
  yeah prussia had a player but he was pretty much fucked when lithuania left midway through the war . 
  i guess he got pretty frustrated afterwards as he did n't try to find any new allies even after he was forced to break the alliance with lithuania . 
  he also refused to surrender in two wars he had clearly lost and instead forced his opponents to go for 100 % war score - even forcing them to enforce their terms via stability hits in the last one . 
  it seemed like he had more or less given up at that point and he just wanted to annoy his enemies some more . 
  that alliance did n't hold very long , italy left it shortly after the start of the session and prussia and lithuania failed to find any more allies after that . 
  sadly lithuania ragequit when hungary ( along with italy and france ) declared war on them shortly after to reclaim the hungarian cores that lith had conquered last session . 
  yeah it would suck to end this just beacuse one or two of the most powerful nations threw a fit , but at the same time the game is more or less decided now . 
  we could start a huge war just for fun of course but that would be kinda pointless and forced imho . 
  i want wars to be genuine and people to have motives that actually make sense in the game , so if there is something that causes a rift between spain , france and italy , a territorial conflict then sure , go at it guys . 
  but saying `` okay , we have to make this game interesting again so from now on it 's spain and italy vs. france and russia '' is just not how i like to approach these kinds of games . 
  and hell even if we did that , it would likely just mean one more great war and after that the two or three winners of that war are even bigger and even more unbeatable . 
  the game is simply at a point now where , at least in europe , we have 2-3 tiers of nations and it 's almost impossible to move up into a higher tier . 
  there are the legitimate superpowers italy , france , russia and spain , then there are the middle sized powers like byzantium , hungary and prussia and then ( i hope i did n't forget anyone ) everyone else in the third tier . 
  and i would argue that for byzantium or hungary to move up into that top tier is pretty much impossible at this point unless one of the superpowers decides to feed us like crazy for whatever reason . 
  it 's still possible for people to drop out of a tier , like we have seen with lithuania last session , but that was n't really fun for anyone involved , not even for the people that conquered him . 
  so at this point all that us middle-sized powers can do is to wait for one of those big guys to fail . 
  and for the big guys themselves the game just is n't a challenge anymore - unless someone gangs up on them , which is n't very fun either . 
  it 's basically the typical endgame stuff that happens in singleplayer as well . 
  in like 90 % of the games you 'll come to a point , usually in the last 100-150 years , where you 've either won the game and nothing is really a challenge anymore while you paint the map in your color , or someone has outgrown you and blobbed out of control and you have basically lost . 
  that 's kinda where we are too . 
  it 's still fun to play and take care of your nation , especially for those people who have been part of this game for months now , but the grand purpose is somewhat gone . 
  does anyone have the usual before/after map by the way and maybe an aar too ? 
  i was pretty busy this session with both gameplay and chatting and since we went up to speed 3 midway through the game i missed a lot of the things that happened around the world and did n't involve me directly . 
  a bit of a frustrating session after the early ragequit , i still had fun as always and thanks for playing everyone , but it seems like it 's time for this game to come to an end . 
  i 'm sure not all alliances will hold until 1821 but at this point even someone breaking them to start another massive war would feel kinda pointless imho - as i think wars need to be `` genuine '' and not just wars for wars sake . 
  i 'm sure the guys would n't mind but hey , i 'm usually not in there myself so that 's easy to say for me :d, 
  whoa a quill18 sighting in here ? 
  that 's really awesome , i love your videos man , they really helped me get into and understand quite a few cool games that brought me countless hours of funs , as do your lps by themselves  . 
  a pure extensive tutorial series from you would indeed be pretty cool , but i know that quite a bit of work has to go into that and things can change with each patch/dlc , so i understand if that 's not exactly high on your list of priorities . 
  regarding your original question / u/tonyquark : you could actually try to just join this game , pick a nation with no human players around or just one or two who 'll guarantee you that they 'll be friendly , and then join the teamspeak and ask whichever questions occur in there . 
  i found the game pretty intimidating as well when i started , but once i just began playing i understood most things a lot quicker than i would 've expected . 
  if you like strategy games in general , as you seem to do , then you do n't have to be afraid , most of the different elements in there are pretty self-explanatory and you can make the game a lot easier/harder if you pick different starting positions , as it 's not like the total war series where all different factions are supposed to start on a somewhat equal playing field . 
  if you have any specific questions by the way then just ask them in here , i 'll do my best and try to help !, 
  pretty sure that 's a typo and it should be `` ca n't '' , not `` can '' . 
  the whole sequence would make more sense that way at least . 
  that 's not what this float is trying to imply , it 's basically saying that the `` welcome culture '' that germany has tried to display towards the refugees over the last year is now threatened because of the nye attacks in cologne . 
  the fish includes the flags of many countries that we have taken in a significant number of asylum seekers from in the recent past , so not just countries like syria and iraq but also some countries on the balkans . 
  quite a few people from there have tried to come here via the recent refugee wave as well , although most of them likely wo n't get to stay . 
  true , but i doubt that anyone will actually be prosecuted for it . 
  it might be stupid and tasteless but it 's not illegal , especially not in the context of karneval . 
  that depends on the city and the parade , some are more political and others are more silly/jokey , some have more of a local focus while others emphasize international topics as well . 
  these particular floats are all from the d\u00fcsseldorf parade which i think is one of the most political ones and also has one of the most prominent builders , so not every parade is as open and aggressive in their approach as this one . 
  it could very well be the uniform of a wehrmacht general since those had a red stripe on the side of the pants , but it 's hard to tell from that angle if the rest of the elements match as well . 
  that was n't part of one of the major parades though , it only appeared in a very small one and there already is some outrage over it . 
  taken from the post that is currently trending on the main page , they are n't just going after trump but a bunch of european and international topics as well . 
  * fl\u00fcchtlingswelle = wave of refugees * willkommenskultur = welcome culture * k\u00f6lner sylvesternacht = new years eve in cologne * kurden = kurds, 
  i do n't think you did get a penalty , at least i remember being pretty shocked when there was n't that little minus icon . 
  if you did though then i guess it was just some bad rng luck because with a crossing penalty , i should 've had at least a 50/50 chance of winning this i 'd say . 
  greece ( and mainly the ragusan parts ) were everything i was interested in by the way , i was n't planning to try and get into turkey/anatolia at all , not even as a longer term plan . 
  but of course i know that you 'll fight tooth and nails to not lose parts of what you consider your actual homeland . 
  i think my biggest mistake actually was the first battle for constantinople , i really screwed up there because for some reason i thought you would get a crossing penalty for coming in via the bosporus , so i ended up taking a fight that i should n't have . 
  i also made some other minor mistakes with the management of my troops but i guess that 's normal when you are fighting your first war against an actual human player . 
  honestly , if i would 've managed to take all of greece and prevented you from re-entering to re-take it , that probably would 've been enough to force you to peace out sooner or later even without me coming into anatolia , right ? 
  the majority of your forts plus your capital were over there so the warscore and war exhaustion really would 've piled up over time , at least that would 've been my calculation . 
  i was n't really aiming for a 100 % peace deal either , just some greek provinces in my home trade node . 
  starting a land war with a much bigger country that is part european , part asian ? 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  well gg everyone , hungary is pretty much done after this session so i probably wo n't be back next week , still was a lot of fun though and i lost fair and square !, 
  considering that it was my first multiplayer game i 'm still fairly happy with how things went , taking over a country in a very dire situation midway through the game and turning it into a decently-sized power for a while , i 'm okay with that . 
  at the end of the day some other nations simply outgrew me and i ran out of space while at the same time making some mistakes of my own - plus i guess i just did n't scheme enough  have fun with the rest of the game guys !, 
  just edited my post , forgot to include that . 
  i think you are severely underestimating the amount of research and investigating that is necessary to unveal what exactly happened that night . 
  of course the numbers in these articles are off and they do n't nearly capture the scope of the events but that 's exactly the point - on january 1st , between 12-24 hours after the attacks , people simply did n't know yet what had happened . 
  the police likely was still in the process of debriefing and had limited information given how underrepresented they were at the site of the attacks , and the victims had just started to trickle in to give their reports . 
  what had actually happened was then gradually revealed over the next couple of days , from january 1st to january 4th which , again , was a national holiday followed by a weekend , so the police paperwork probably was processed even slower than it usually is . 
  the story then blew up on the 4th and i think the three to four days it took until that happened are totally reasonable given the circumstances - even in the age of the internet it takes time for information to flow , police work takes time , victims need time to come forward and then the press needs time to editorialize as well if they do n't just want to parrot the official reports . 
  and that 's how it should be imho , i 'd rather have the police and the media take an extra day or two to verify a report , especially if it is about such a large scale event , than having them pass along every piece of information without checking it 's trueness first . 
  look i do n't want to make excuses for the police or the politicians , they most certainly screwed up and i wo n't rule out that the media made mistakes as well . 
  all i am saying is that it was n't part of some organized cover-up , but something that is more or less normal given how the police and news organisations in germany work . 
  edit : regarding your question for a source , january 4th is pretty much the day the story became a big deal both nationally and internationally , so every report you 'll find from that day will likely include everything that was known at the time . 
  some examples : http://www.spiegel.de/panorama/justiz/koeln-60-frauen-erstatten-anzeige-nach-sexuellen-uebergriffen-an-silvester-a-1070418.html - followed up by a somewhat similar article on the sites english section the next day - http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/cologne-shocked-by-sexual-assaults-on-new-years-eve-a-1070583.html . 
  there also was a big english speaking mainstream source , someone like the new york times , cnn or bbc , that ran a big piece about that topic which was trending here on reddit , i ca n't find it right now but that was also on the 4th . 
  if you google a bit , both english and german language articles , you should find that this topic became a big deal over the course of january 4th and then was all over the morning headlines on january 5th . 
  i , for one , welcome our new dutch overlords !, 
  again , the story did not come out a week late . 
  it starts with reports about `` multiple '' cases of sexual assault on january 1st , then on january 2nd the articles mention that about 30 women have reported similar crimes and one of the articles actually cites a police official who says that they expect that number to rise significantly , as they think that many victims have n't made a report yet - which is exactly what happened , as the number had risen to about 90 on monday , which is when the full scale of this finally became clear . 
  if you read up on stories that were written over the next few days then you will see that the number of potential victims keeps rising - not because the police has been downplaying the issue , but simply because it took many of the women a while to come forward for a variety of reasons . 
  this is pretty much the exact opposite of downplaying this issue or sweeping it under the rug , it 's just regular police work which includes actually investigating things before you come to conclusions . 
  this does n't mean that the police and politicians have n't made a ton of mistakes handling this situation , but a media blackout/cover-up was not the problem in this case . 
  besides , even if you claim that the issue was n't reported at all until monday then that still would n't mean that it came out `` a week later '' , it 's only four days actually . 
  and again , those four days included one our most significant national holidays and a prolonged weekend , where our public institutions and the media are operating with a minimal staff . 
  this `` media blackout '' myth really needs to go away . 
  you have every right to complain about a certain bias in reporting about the refugee situation , i too believe that exists , but there was no intentional sweeping under the rug when it came to the cologne attacks . 
  reports about them started appearing in regional newspapers and tabloids as early as the next day and the women who got attacked only started coming forward to the police over the next few days , so the whole scope of the events that transpired did n't become obvious until days later . 
  then factor in that nye was immediately followed by a national holiday and a weekend where most companies in germany ( the media included ) traditionally operate with minimal staff and it is really not very surprising that it took a few days until people realized the magnitude of what had happened . 
  not really , no . 
  outside of tennis those are n't sports that a lot of people actively play themselves though , which i think the question was at least partly aimed at . 
  but of course i did n't mention every single sport that is popular here in germany , i mainly looked at other team sports to give a point of reference . 
  hm ca n't seem to find you . 
  try to add me ( soul_provider ) then right click on my name to join the game . 
  what 's your name then i 'll try to add you . 
  just add dakarans on steam , he should be able to add/invite you . 
  i 'm playing as hungary , if you wan na choose a country in my vicinity then i 'll promise to not attack you this session and i 'm sure the rest of my alliance would be on board with that as well , 
  oh yeah i did n't mean to say it 's unfair or anything , was just curious . 
  did n't he play someone else last session ? 
  who do you wan na play as ? 
  apparently the guy who had prussia last time wo n't be able to make it tonight so they should by far be the best unclaimed european option at this point .
