  a csu chancellor would show all the ugly sides : lack of motivation in infrastructure spending , lack of motivation in social spending , conservative views on drugs and homosexuals . 
  read up on libya . 
  they 're seriously close to political resolution and our leaders did and invested much to help . 
  eu leaders are spending hundreds of millions and massive diplomatic efforts to improve the political situation there . 
  believe it or not , political stability in libya is not impossible nor far of . 
  which is why our leaders are patiently awaiting improvements there before sticking a deal . 
  no , it just turns the focus back on the eu and makes us more careful . 
  the interventions in the middle east , iraq and libya would n't have happened that way if everyone had to agree . 
  that 's how the asylum system works . 
  everyone has the right to have their claim checked . 
  does n't mean everyone is in . 
  do you honestly think the eu does n't turn back boats because it 's mean ? 
  how about not violating the sovereignty of a foreign nation , disrupting their fragile rebuilding efforts , letting hundreds of millions of aid euros go to waste , destroying the basis for upcoming agreements on migrant boats ? 
  come on , be honest . 
  think through what you 're saying : you propose the uk start a war of aggression against libya . 
  that 's what it is . 
  when did n't the german government care about the dublin rules ? 
  in german legal understanding , the return of asylum seekers through article 17 has always been optional . 
  regardless of whether the german government wanted to , german courts ruled that migrants rights were violated in greece , thus making a return there illegal . 
  this meant that the already overwhelmed german authorities were forced to start the return process , which took precious time . 
  it would then fail weeks later in equally overburdened german courts . 
  why waste weeks in an optional procedure ? 
  send them back to greece because eu law requires them to be sent back ? 
  dublin iii allows germany to send everyone who was registered as an asylum seeker in greece back to greece . 
  the un and eu recognized one in tripolis ? 
  there is only one government and one parliament left , they just need to come together . 
  she will win her fourth term , no doubt about it . 
  well there 's like 12.000 left today , so in the end , it worked out . 
  this reads like something good out of a conspiracy blog . 
  sure , the german government would rather prepare for a mass casualty event than vet refugees . 
  it does n't take much research to see that the new disaster plans have been in the works since 2012 and have existed in some form since the end of wwii . 
  they 're not some reaction to the asylum seekers . 
  angela merkel is also at the diplomatic forefront when it comes to fighting immigration in cooperation with foreign nations . 
  germany is lukewarm ? 
  germany has started integrating its army with the netherlands , with cooperation with poland on the horizon . 
  germany is very enthusiastic about an eu army . 
  well i do n't know , i did n't make the study , did i ? 
  i 'm just pointing out the most likely answer . 
  yes , but the difference in quality of life is relatively small . 
  the difference in foreign benefits , where germany is ahead , is large . 
  as the article says , it 's a very powerful citizenship in relation to foreign travel . 
  it 's always a head to head between european nations in quality of life , human development , etc. 
  but freedom of travel is uncontested german territory . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  the government search committee expects to find a place for storage in only roughly a century !, 
  also , 35 billion bailout for the nuclear power industry . 
  i do n't get where the demand comes from , sorry . 
  yes , more turks can afford flying elsewhere these days , but an airport like this is way too big to just serve turkey . 
  how does it become a hub ? 
  turkey is the gate to what , the middle east and africa ? 
  admittedly , schipol is pretty far north as a gateway to africa now , but is there that much air traffic between the two continents ? 
  tesla might be the first to have to have an autopilot , although as i understand it , their technology relies heavily on road markings , which is n't great . 
  regardless , tesla as an us-based company is not going to be the first fully autonomous car on the road . 
  angela merkel this spring asked german car manufacturers for a time frame and a wishlist for autonomous driving on german streets . 
  tesla has no political connections , except some enemies after it fought for dealerships in many states . 
  also , as long as rush hours and common holidays exist , car ownership will stay exactly the same . 
  carsharing can compete with urban public transport , but not well . 
  will there be enough charging stations and cars to support that ? 
  what 's the current wait time on a tesla ? 
  i hope the eu at least pays for it , christ . 
  what a situation to be in . 
  ok . goodbye !, 
   ( 1 ) human dignity shall be inviolable . 
  to respect and protect it shall be the duty of all state authority . 
   ( 2 ) the german people therefore acknowledge inviolable and inalienable human rights as the basis of every community , of peace and of justice in the world . 
   ( 3 ) the following basic rights shall bind the legislature , the executive and the judiciary as directly applicable law . 
  go ahead , explain to me why this really should n't apply any more . 
  explain how it 's ridiculous . 
  explain how it 's ww ii - sorryism , whatever that is . 
  explain why anyone should ever abandon human rights . 
  because you do n't like us giving money to brown people ? 
  ok , i do n't get it . 
  what is there to strike down concerning freedom of movement ? 
  a recognized refugee doesnt ' t automatically get freedom of movement in europe . 
  with recent changes in germany , they do n't even get full freedom of residence here . 
  i 'm not a lawyer , but i do n't see the basic breach of human rights , i 'm afraid . 
  the finance discussion is more interesting . 
  first of all , nobody 's a rational player . 
  i 'd assume you could find many people willing to spend addtional money for foreign housing of refugees . 
  secondly , the unit size of a cruise ship was a suggestion on my part . 
  considereing the unique scale and the unique requirements , i 'm optimisticpeople smarter than me could find a cheaper solution . 
  what 's most important is the inherent deterrent factor . 
  you 're right , last years numbers would have overwhelmed any such system . 
  bit taking away the chance to make a better life in europe is the best deterrent to non-genuine refugees i could think of . 
  we 'd probably never see those kinds of numbers again if there was n't any access to the mainland . 
  so i 'd call it a reasonable risk , especially considering land facilities in greece and elsewhere failed just as well in 2015 . 
  oh good , you 've read it . 
  read article 19 now . 
  [ this is the ruling ] ( https://www.bundesverfassungsgericht.de/shareddocs/entscheidungen/de/2012/07/ls20120718_1bvl001010.html ) relevant to our discussion . 
  if you speak german , i 'd suggest reading it . 
  otherwise : it is every refugees ( and person otherwise ) human right to have a dignified life in germany . 
  for the life to be dignified , he needs to be able to fulfill his physical desires . 
  he also needs to be able to participate in social life . 
  he also needs to be able to participate in society , culture and politics . 
  the goverment may not sanction anyones social services based on their status of residence in germany . 
  well , depends on what floating facilities are , in a legal fashion . 
  a ship that serves as a permanent home to some does n't necessarily have to be part of schengen . 
  so you could grant freedom of movement , there just is n't much space to move to . 
  maybe another ship . 
  i 'd really reserve judgement on the different price tags .
