  procurements and expansions are already subject to assessment , since the g36 situation we know that our military apparatus is n't willing to spend without reason . 
  so what is the added component in the intelligent spending plan ? 
  how is the lack in procurement between a straight 2 % plan and a flexible plan justified ? 
  what additional knowledge do parliamentary leaders and parties have , that they could assess what is necessary ? 
  yes , we need the world to see that we 're fulfilling our obligation to our military alliance . 
  this puts us on better footing for the new military alliance that we want to create within europe . 
  how can we ask other nations to join our new military alliance if we clearly do n't care about the obligations of the old one ? 
  it 's like defaulting on a loan while trying to take out another one . 
  why do we need another program ? 
  so a few more canadians and americans can make it to germany ? 
  even if we had an immigration law , it would be some form of strict point system based on the canadian one . 
  hahahahahaha no . 
  this would be correct , if the efforts to increase the budget were an internal goal , but they 're not . 
  we need to increase our budget and find ways to use all that money , but we need to hit 2 % . 
  in a time like this , with a weakened eu and more security threats , a common eu army is an agreed upon component for further integration . 
  from france to romania , everyone is on board . 
  to ensure that we have the capacity to carry this new alliance and to prove to other eu nations that we take defense commitments seriously , we need to show the world that we take our nato commitments seriously . 
  that 's the proof needed for the future alliance to work . 
  besides , every plan for `` intelligent spending '' i 've heard so far included additional nato criteria . 
  it 's no longer just financial commitments , but the number of foreign deployments and hardware made available to nato operations . 
  these new suggestions clearly favor bigger nations like germany and are unfair to smaller members , who just spent a lot of money to reach the 2 % percent and would now be faced with new , completely different conditions . 
  if the conditions for membership change every few years , clearly favoring bigger members with developed economy , trust in nato is weakened . 
  we need to fulfill the commitment we made . 
  i truly believe that bannon has some archaic , romanticised worldview in which a bunch of nationalistic european states at each others throats , with militaries and totalitarian leaders , is the best future for europeans . 
  he 's just a crazy person . 
  but i always took it as a compliment that trump is so scared of the eu . 
  a man that clearly has delusions of american greatness and a zero sum approach to international politics is still scared of a united europe . 
  makes me feel warm inside . 
  the eu defensive union would n't be obliged to intervene , nato would be . 
  nato would n't be obliged to intervene in a korean conflict , but the us would be . 
  countries can be members of multiple defensive unions . 
  that 's just wrong . 
  the trend in german politics to reestablish germany on the global scale in politics and military is visible and ongoing . 
  this is another step in that direction . 
  a conservative government would fulfill this promise , it 's spd and everything to the left of it that stops these efforts . 
  the eu represents the will of the european people , simple as that . 
  my personal worry with gmos is the added corporate element in the food supply . 
  looking at the greek financial crisis or the syrian civil war , i wonder how these events would have turned out if a central government authority manages gmo purchases , similar to some healtcare systems . 
  the self sustaining element of agriculture is inhibited through the profit goal a company has . 
  if there are legal loopholes anywhere , a food crisis for profit becomes more likely . 
  when politicians visit politicians , its not about collective consciousness . 
  it 's about results . 
  and if results can be achieved by not demanding adjustments , then so be it . 
  small price to pay for real results . 
  not on a political level , because a public servant has to weigh up wearing a head scarf or not serving wine versus billion euro contracts and lasting connections . 
  it 's a question of politics really . 
  for swedish female politicians , it does n't matter whether she wears the headdress or not . 
  but it could buy them incredible influence , simply by not starting of on a bad note . 
  what 's better in the long term : ruining diplomatic relations with saudi arabia or iran by arriving , fighting and turning around immediately every time ? 
  or going along with their archaic ideas and in turn having the opportunity to exert some influence or at least have some talks ? 
  because she usually arrives with important military connections in tow . 
  the saudis can live with an uncovered women if she negotiates or allows them the purchase of state of the art surveillance tech , small arms , tanks and other military gear . 
  not the political movement `` conservatism '' . 
  but the rebellion of youth at its core requires opposite values . 
  so even in a nonpolitical family that lives by liberal social values , rebellion requires a life by nonpolitical conservative values . 
  this young girl is as much a conservative as the young girls at woodstock were liberals . 
  not if the parents rebelled that way . 
  liberal parents get conservative rebellion . 
  it technically could n't be enforced , but the cost ca n't be calculated . 
  we 'd lose a lot of international standing if we considered refugee rights optional and the world knew it . 
  it 's the same path the us went down after afghanistan , iraq and the continued war against terror . 
  the once great global police is now considered a hypocritical war criminal . 
  the same could happen to the nobel prize winning union for peace . 
  yes . 
  building a life , learning the language and integrating is the basic expectation . 
  it 's the conditions we host nations set when we grant asylum . 
  a refugee who has done that has fulfilled the bare minimum we ask of him , which earns him no special privileges . 
  the two main goals in this operation and others like it along the balkan is reducing the current flow and preparing for a scenario in which turkey opens its border again . 
  would n't it be more sensible , less controversial and better for greece if austria employed its police and intelligence service to fight the current expensive trafficker networks and invested in information campaigns to explain the closure of the balkan route to refugees in turkey and beyond ? 
  do n't we already have a de facto ban ? 
  how many people from muslim majority countries have taken official migration routes for highly educated people ? 
  a next to irrelevant number , i 'd assume . 
  really , the only `` migration '' currently occurring is the refugee movement and the movement of people abusing the refugee system . 
  and the european leaders are working hard to plug up the different routes these people take . 
  is n't this , in essence , a non-issue ? 
  once the migration route through libya is closed , there wo n't be a need for a ban , because nobody from muslim majority countries comes here anyway . 
  they 're really not that hard to find . 
   the values of the union  the union is founded on the values of respect for human dignity , liberty , democracy , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights , including the rights of persons belonging to minorities . 
  these values , which are set out in article i-2 , are common to the member states . 
  moreover , the societies of the member states are characterised by pluralism , non-discrimination , tolerance , justice , solidarity and equality between women and men . 
  these values play an important role , especially in two specific cases . 
  firstly , under the procedure for accession set out in article i-58 , any european state wishing to become a member of the union must respect these values in order to be considered eligible for admission . 
  secondly , failure by a member state to respect these values may lead to the suspension of that member state 's rights deriving from membership of the union ( article i-59 ) . 
   in comparison with the existing treaties , the constitution has included new values , notably human dignity , equality , the rights of minorities and the characterization of the values upheld by the societies of the member states . 
  http://europa.eu/scadplus/constitution/objectives_en.htm#values what is realistically meant here with the term values is more likely addressed in the first chapter of the eu founding principles . 
   establishment of the union  in article i-1 , the constitution established the european union , reflecting the will of the citizens and states of europe to build a common future . 
  the member states confer competences on the union to attain objectives they have in common , and the union coordinates the policies by which the member states aim to achieve these objectives , and exercises on a community basis the competences conferred on it by the constitution . 
   the formula used in article 1 is constitutional in nature , since it is stated that `` the constitution establishes the european union '' , whereas in the existing treaties it is the `` high contracting parties '' that establish the union and the community among themselves . 
  this language specific to international treaties is replaced by a new formula which highlights the constitutional nature of the new treaty . 
  i 'd assume that they produce only one advertisement for that piece of clothing for all of europe . 
  why bother making unique advertisements for each country ? 
  this is n't about where merkel actually was , this is about creating a stereotype of merkel not caring about the victims of terror attacks . 
  it 's election year , after all . 
  as we now know , the truck driver probably was n't a hero , but just one of the 12 victims . 
  merkel also does n't visit ukraine , the chzech republic , italy or israel and attend the funerals there . 
  neither did the french president , the belgian president or the turkish president after their terror attacks . 
  this is n't a discussion of strategy , its a discussion of legality . 
  which did n't exist here in any form . 
  this was an illegal annexation , a point you 're apparently not even denying anymore . 
  settle in , this might take a while .
