  germany and angela merkel are firmly committed to the eu . 
  this is visible in the polls , where our eurosceptic party polls at 14 % . 
  so to bring the german people prosperity and security , angela merkel wants to ensure the stability and strengthening of the eu . 
  let 's set the stage : it 's 2014 , more and more refugees arrive in greece , but their calls for help go unheard . 
  eventually , greece is unable to cope and allows more and more people to slip through , on purpose or accident . 
  the same applies for the balkan states along the way . 
  more and more refugees arrive in hungary . 
  hungary , again , starts registering refugees until they ca n't handle the influx any more . 
  an air of desperation spreads , as 2015 takes its course . 
  will the eu not help its sworn partners ? 
  hungary is building a fence , greece has all but given up , the consequence is clear : the eu nations might not be able to handle that . 
  this is where angela merkels so called decision really takes place . 
  she could abandon eu treaties and close the border . 
  it the union does n't perish that day , it will be deadly wounded . 
  nobody will trust another european nation again . 
  the german economy lies in ruins . 
  or she could keep the borders open and take advantage of germanys liberal society , robust economy , low unemployment , experience with turkish muslims and sheer size to relief hungary and greece . 
  she did just that , reestablishing trust in the eu and buying everyone time . 
  keeping the borders open , adhereing to our responsibilities toward refugees . 
  then she went to work . 
  the running joke at the end of 2015 was that merkel saw turkish ministers more than her own . 
  she hammered out a refugee deal with turkey and began spending hundreds of millions of euros on free training , facilities , boats , vehicles , drones and technology for african nations border security . 
  she began working on treaties for migrant returns with multiple nations . 
  she tried again and again to achieve a new european consensus . 
  she did her part in saving the eu from this crisis while others complained , as they still do now . 
  what did your leadership do for the eu during the migrant crisis ? 
  because her politics are way more nuanced that . 
  there is a whole story behind the refugee crisis . 
  she acted rationally in opening the borders in 2015 and now does more than any other eu leader to stop and reverse the flow . 
  she has lead the country well throughout her past terms , is the best option when it comes to international and internal security and her party is the only viable one not currently in crisis . 
  though there are a lot of definitions , i always liked [ umberto ecos ur-facism ] ( https://www.google.de/url?q=http://www.pegc.us/archive/articles/eco_ur-fascism.pdf&amp;sa=u&amp;ved=0ahukewjiufx88pbrahvjjcakhqp5cmsqfgglmaa&amp;sig2=1w34z3xvrlfflp4qhqnreq&amp;usg=afqjcnhqwkdupyvsyviosl-orxih0o35ma ) . 
  he outlines 14 characteristics of fascism . 
  wikipedia defines them as :  `` the cult of tradition '' , characterized by cultural syncretism , even at the risk of internal contradiction . 
  when all truth has already been revealed by tradition , no new learning can occur , only further interpretation and refinement . 
   `` the rejection of modernism '' , which views the rationalistic development of western culture since the enlightenment as a descent into depravity . 
  eco distinguishes this from a rejection of superficial technological advancement , as many fascist regimes cite their industrial potency as proof of the vitality of their system . 
   `` the cult of action for action 's sake '' , which dictates that action is of value in itself , and should be taken without intellectual reflection . 
  this , says eco , is connected with anti-intellectualism and irrationalism , and often manifests in attacks on modern culture and science . 
   `` disagreement is treason '' -- fascism devalues intellectual discourse and critical reasoning as barriers to action , as well as out of fear that such analysis will expose the contradictions embodied in a syncretistic faith . 
   `` fear of difference '' , which fascism seeks to exploit and exacerbate , often in the form of racism or an appeal against foreigners and immigrants . 
   `` appeal to a frustrated middle class '' , fearing economic pressure from the demands and aspirations of lower social groups . 
   `` obsession with a plot '' and the hyping-up of an enemy threat . 
  this often combines an appeal to xenophobia with a fear of disloyalty and sabotage from marginalized groups living within the society ( such as the german elite 's ` fear ' of the 1930s jewish populace 's businesses and well-doings ; see also anti-semitism ) . 
  eco also cites pat robertson 's book the new world order as a prominent example of a plot obsession . 
   fascist societies rhetorically cast their enemies as `` at the same time too strong and too weak . '', 
  on the one hand , fascists play up the power of certain disfavored elites to encourage in their followers a sense of grievance and humiliation . 
  on the other hand , fascist leaders point to the decadence of those elites as proof of their ultimate feebleness in the face of an overwhelming popular will . 
   `` pacifism is trafficking with the enemy '' because `` life is permanent warfare '' -- there must always be an enemy to fight . 
  both fascist germany under hitler and italy under mussolini worked first to organize and clean up their respective countries and then build the war machines that they later intended to and did use , despite germany being under restrictions of the versailles treaty to not build a military force . 
  this principle leads to a fundamental contradiction within fascism : the incompatibility of ultimate triumph with perpetual war . 
   `` contempt for the weak '' , which is uncomfortably married to a chauvinistic popular elitism , in which every member of society is superior to outsiders by virtue of belonging to the in-group . 
  eco sees in these attitudes the root of a deep tension in the fundamentally hierarchical structure of fascist polities , as they encourage leaders to despise their underlings , up to the ultimate leader who holds the whole country in contempt for having allowed him to overtake it by force . 
   `` everybody is educated to become a hero '' , which leads to the embrace of a cult of death . 
  as eco observes , '' [ t ] he ur-fascist hero is impatient to die . 
  in his impatience , he more frequently sends other people to death . '', 
   `` machismo '' , which sublimates the difficult work of permanent war and heroism into the sexual sphere . 
  fascists thus hold `` both disdain for women and intolerance and condemnation of nonstandard sexual habits , from chastity to homosexuality . '', 
   `` selective populism '' -- the people , conceived monolithically , have a common will , distinct from and superior to the viewpoint of any individual . 
  as no mass of people can ever be truly unanimous , the leader holds himself out as the interpreter of the popular will ( though truly he dictates it ) . 
  fascists use this concept to delegitimize democratic institutions they accuse of `` no longer represent [ ing ] the voice of the people . '', 
   `` newspeak '' -- fascism employs and promotes an impoverished vocabulary in order to limit critical reasoning . 
  our values work because they 're untoucheable and eternal . 
  our regard for human rights is n't optional . 
  it 's the baseline on which we will always operate . 
  your own government did n't vote against a relocation program , by the way . 
  nobody 's forcing anything . 
  the eu just did what it 's supposed to : apply relief from all member states to the problems of one member state . 
  we were all caught with our pants around our ankles in 2015 , but now it 's the eu and the german government that are putting in the work to get deportation and border security agreements . 
  right . 
  the amount of benefits refugees of every creed recieve in germany is set in stone by our constitutional court , based on the german constitution . 
  this has nothing to with strength and spine . 
  but that whole argument is flawed . 
  no matter what we do , life in germany will never be as bad as life in many other places of the world . 
  even without any benefits . 
  human rights are respected , there is a functioning judicial system and nobody dies from starvation or the cold . 
  there is an increasing problem with beggars from eastern europe , who leave their houses and come to germany to be homeless and beg on the street . 
  the situation in romania is still better than afghanistan or iraq . 
  we can not stop migrants by making our country unappealing , even if we wanted to . 
  the same applies for all the eu . 
  that has never been an option . 
  as have , again , been centralised tent cities . 
  even if the eu could come up with enough winter proof tents to house 1.2 million people , how would we feed them ? 
  provide them with sanitary installations ? 
  asylum hearings ? 
  security , education , entertainment ? 
  we ca n't build a prison with 1.2 million people in tents and expect them to sit still and await their faith for years , just based on many different european court rulings that would be illegal and go against everything the eu stands for . 
  remember , any eu solution you suggest needs to hold up to these standards : article 2 of the treaty on european union . 
   the union is founded on the values of respect for human dignity , freedom , democracy , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights , including the rights of persons belonging to minorities . 
  these values are common to the member states in a society in which pluralism , non-discrimination , tolerance , justice , solidarity and equality between women and men prevail . 
  among many other specific rulings about housing and benefits . 
  first of all , that 's also not what any of the balkan nations are doing . 
  you just said they were solving the problem without red tape , now you 're saying they do n't ? 
  secondly : thank god you came along , please , teach us your ingenious ways . 
  surley the money saved from not paying some migrants welfare within our cheaper , established structures will way offset building the eus 15th largest city in a single year , with a population of 1.2 million people , which will entirely and forever be dependent on complete welfare . 
  is croatia a good place for that , you guys have some room ? 
  just need to build an new sleeping place every 25 seconds for an entire year , no big deal . 
  about 1000 more migrants from serbia in bulgaria and macedonia is a job well done ? 
  nothing was accomplished here . 
  serbia still has many people to deal with and the `` deported '' people are still in the heart of europe . 
  no really , if they just `` deport '' them among each other without system it makes the affair more expensive and complicated for everyone .
