  although rising living standards in africa have contributed to this crisis , as more africans are aware of european standards of living and have the means to smuggle themselves here . 
  germany 's federal administration is constitutionally designed to be an administration of tiny steps , that 's just the way it will always be . 
  well , right now the german government priority lies in defeating the isis strongholds in libya and establishing the unity government as a generous friend to the libyan people , not stopping migrants immediately . 
  the wheels of diplomacy turn slowly , but steadily . 
  it 's already a central point of the german government prevention measures , to the tune of 19 billion until 2020 . 
  but we also ca n't let greece and italy deal with mass migration until it 's fixed . 
  you 're right , the long-term goal must be to put an end to this migration , but that will work better on an eu level . 
  you have no problem with finnish border guards in the mediterranean , i assume ? 
  the quotas are a similar temporary aid measure . 
  the quotas are supposed to scale , so this is n't a commitment to a continued influx , but rather a commitment to aid as long as it 's necessary . 
  no , this story is definitely real like this . 
  remember though , this represents an absolute fringe group in germany . 
  yes , that military presence exists because there was a war . 
  simple . 
  that 's a textbook cause of war . 
  foreign military forces entering a country . 
  explain how starting a war with afghanistan will reduce the number of refugees . 
  but that is in direct opposition to the way many national politicians do business now . 
  the eu has become a scapegoat , which culminated in the brexit , for example . 
  having an honest discussion about the eu also means recognizing decades of dishonesty at the hands of national governments about who really is responsible for what bad law or affair . 
  more often than not , it is n't the eu . 
  so they were born in germany and did n't grow up to be german . 
  i know as well as the next guy that immigrant communities and muslim communities especially have problem with integration , but that does n't mean that all immigrant children should be judged by their parents ' nationality . 
  many of the children born to non-native parents will also become integrated members of society . 
  i prefer judging them by the content of their characters throughout life , not their birth . 
  as long as they grow up to be german , who cares ? 
  because russia is n't exactly friendly to them . 
  that 's for eu lawyers to decide in detail . 
  in general , i 'd say , the difference is between replacing and enhancing a worker . 
  it 's acceptable that machines make workers more efficient , which could result in job loss . 
  but straight up replacing a complete worker , meaning that his entire training is included in a robot , should warrant some tax . 
  otherwise , society will have to carry all his cost and the robot owner retains all the profit . 
  nobody 's going to go 100 % robot at once , they 'll need a transitional period with well trained personnel next to robots , a good electricity grid and a good internet connection . 
  we can ask for some taxes for more advanced robots , because we make it worth their while in europe . 
  i do n't know , i feel like this might be different . 
  merkel wants to retain as many business relationships with the uk as possible , it 's france that 's playing bad cop here . 
  her selling out frances tough line as a good cop should not take center stage . 
  plus , it 's better for the eu if it wo n't immediately look like eu business as usual with queen merkel . 
  she might pull the strings on economic concessions , but way in the background . 
  i like this a lot , it 's just what the eu needs right now . 
  i ca n't always agree with the v4 policy wise , but should they speak with a united voice , they would simplify eu proceedings a lot . 
  no matter what degree of eu integration they want , this could bring more clarity and accountability to the whole region . 
  i do n't care either , i meant should be kept separate from an uk point of view . 
  i 'm pro eu in these talks , all for shafting the brits . 
  but they get to decide when this all starts , not us . 
  yeah , but they will start at the same time , so an issue in the unravel negotiations might serve as leverage in the future deal negotiations during those two years . 
  well the comment i originally replied to said that everyone would be better of with a quick start . 
  just wanted to refute that . 
  i agree , but i did n't write a comment about unraveling principles , did i ? 
  i just made a joke about the source of that comment and its claims . 
  i do n't think these issues are separate and the uk probably wo n't wait until these negotiations are done before they start the ones about eu access . 
  the first comments are already being made on both sides about the future eu-uk relationship . 
  i do n't think it 's about showing who won , for leave it 's just about surviving this initial economic downturn and negotiating without the public watching every move . 
  once the leave government starts to make uncomfortable concessions , they want the news cameras busy elsewhere . 
  i worded that poorly . 
  it should n't be an eu concern . 
  but right now the ball is in britains court . 
  they can start the two year process , and they 'd be better of not starting immediately . 
  that is n't good for us , it 's good for them , but there 's nothing we can do about it . 
  i agree , just wanted to offer an counterpoint to the idea that everyone is better of with a quick start to negotiations . 
  the eu is better off with an immediate start , the uk with a waiting period . 
  what now ? 
  anything in ireland because of the language or paris because of the lifestyle it can offer . 
  a good indicator is probably the number of restaurants with a michelin star , more than anything else . 
  economist commentators : they know what all other governments and economic institutes do n't . 
  those are still shitty countries . 
  greece is now solely responsible for every refugee arriving . 
  civil war in turkey , upset erdogan opening all borders , etc. 
  whatever happens , greece , our partner , whom we all promised solidarity , is on it 's own and abandoned . 
  we have no will and now no way to help them . 
  that is what merkel criticized . 
  time for a move is no concern . 
  there will be a two year negotiating period during which the uk is in the eu . 
  yes , i have the same concerns . 
  the uk economy , in my opinion , still profits from a wait right now . 
  so it would be in our best interest to start negotiations immediately . 
  but the uk needs to invoke article 50 and we have no way to rush them , sadly . 
  let the market heal a bit , then fuck it over again when the first papers with demands arrive . 
  but do n't let it happen at the same time . 
  once this topic has died down , the uk negotiators can back off of some of their more difficult demands without upsetting the market or the people . 
  that 's worth some wait . 
  i do n't know , i think the leave campaign would profit from some delays . 
  right now it looks like the uk is `` losing '' during the brexit . 
  in this environment the worst thing to add to that explosive economic mix are hard facts : when there are 28 diplomatic papers that show the real division between uk and eu , that 's when markets will be upset again . 
  these events should be kept separate , for the sake of the uk economy . 
  well , it 's either a chaos like this or further alienating the european people . 
  this is the best thing we can do to get the anti-eu people back into the fold . 
  the pro-eu people can advocate for their country to join every institution , the anti-eu people can advocate against it . 
  at the end of the day , the responsibility ( and thus blame ) is assigned to the national government or the fellow citizens , not the eu . 
  at least they 'll get an honest answer now . 
  which will probably be :  sorry , you will be . 
  conservative governments are n't really generous . 
  well , if we start out with this plan , we might have more options in balancing input and output . 
  if each member has a similar balance between the two , the size of them can vary . 
  so a country that wants to remain distant will from now on not receive more money , but does n't have to surrender more power . 
  take the new european coastguard for example : you contribute men and equipment , you get a say in it 's deployments . 
  you do n't contribute , you do n't get a vote . 
  it 's perfectly in line with the way germany has been building a european army . 
  that is not an external border , that 's an internal border . 
  closing the balkan route was an untested method that would have abandoned a partner who was currently struggling with a financial crisis .
