  all very good arguments , but not really the point here . 
  this is n't an economic or cultural problem . 
  this is a political problem with cultural and economic outcomes . 
  there are different theories around international relations , but they all begin at the same base : anarchy . 
  states can not be sanctioned , there is no authority presiding over them . 
  depending on your school of thought , a different kind of development happened . 
  you may believe that the only interest a state has is security . 
  as such , it will seek service to a hegemon or one of two poles in a bipolar world . 
  multipolar worlds will inherently suffer from instability that removes them from the long term . 
  you may believe in interdependencies . 
  a state acts in any given situation based on its rational interest . 
  be it economic , cultural or militarily . 
  there is no unified state outlook , but rather a combination of outlooks . 
  regardless of your school of thought , the following process is similar : a constant prisoners dilemma , in which neither party affords the other trust , despite the potential for better outcomes for both . 
  everyone sits in their little hole , calculating their best outcome without risk . 
  this is a world in which our cultural and economic superiority will soon become irrelevant . 
  it will become state interest everywhere to stay away from an unpredictable player such as the eu . 
  the preference would become to suffer before being attached to us . 
  so why do n't we currently live in this world ? 
  shadow of the future . 
  as decisions stack up , states will recalculate their risks and rewards . 
  they will realize that a small risk , a small amount of trust , might increase all future payouts massively . 
  so , one player agrees to trust the other , expecting trust in return . 
  nations trusted each other to keep open economies , to make currencies tradeable , to attack in case the archduke gets shot , to not attack each other and divide poland , to protect each other 's sovereignty . 
  but , if a significant enough breach of trust occurs , like an eu breach of sovereignty for personal gain , all that goes away . 
  well go back to an international society in which everyones goal is to be as far removed from the eu and as heavily armed against us as possible . 
  international anarchy , no deals . 
  really , my explanation does n't do it justice . 
  this is a very central topic to international relations , which is part of political science . 
  if you would like to inform yourself in a meaningful way , i 'd recommend : theories of international politics and zombies by daniel drezner . 
  it 's a fun , easy going introduction that does n't feel like university reading . 
  i agree with you , a deal with a third country outside the eu is and will be the way forward . 
  but in this specific instance , during the previous crisis years , this was n't an option . 
  if we had the choice between controlled camps inside the eu , controlled camps outside the eu and natural spread over the eu , the choice is obvious . 
  the subject of discussion here were the crisis years before the turkey deal ( or any semblance of deals with anyone ) , when that was n't an option . 
  and in that specific situation , when the foreign solution does n't exist , spread is preferable over attempted internment . 
  but only then . 
  2015 saw the beginning of 1.225.640 asylum procedures . 
  that 's a new one every 25 seconds , with autumn highs going to 8 seconds . 
  combining those people into one city would make it the fifteenth largest in the eu . 
  could you elaborate on the internment of these people ? 
  how would that ever work ? 
  shipping them back is either impossible or a severe breach of sovereignty . 
  so impossible . 
  now tell me honestly , leaving the obviously impossible logistics aside : do you think , before this crisis hit , nobody said : if you do n't help us , we will no longer be able to handle these asylum seekers ? 
  because they did , multiple times , and fuck all happened . 
  greek and italian warnings date back years . 
  italy is warning us right now : they ca n't handle this forever . 
  let me be clear : it 's happening again , right now , and nobody gives a shit . 
  again . 
  this has nothing to do with refugees any more . 
  do you know the principle of sovereignty ? 
  a state has the supreme power over its territory . 
  nobody gets to interfere with a countries internal affairs . 
  it 's considered illegal in the international community . 
  a breach infers punishment : crimea , golan heights , western sahara . 
  now , admittedly , those punishments vary in severity . 
  the eu might very well shrug them off . 
  but over the long term , we lose any relevance or trust we have in the world . 
  does anybody collaborate with russia anymore ? 
  politically , economically ? 
  no , nothing except necessities . 
  the same applies to us . 
  we would fall from grace , from an international power to a dangerous nobody . 
  it 's like turning from navy captain to pirate . 
  and so it is n't so much modifiable treaties , it 's this un baseline and international agreement we 'd be breaking . 
  we 'd turn ourself into a 500 million north korea . 
  become part of the `` axis of evil '' . 
  all that because you ca n't wait a few more months until we figure out a viable solution to this ? 
  you want to know what 's insane ? 
  the notion that we could have somehow constructed housing for ten thousand people a day , for weeks at a time . 
  built a new camp for thousands of arrivals every day . 
  found the space , the resources , the manpower . 
  go on , how would the eu , with 28 nations involved , many of which drag their feet over any aid for asylum seekers , have built a new bed , with the surrounding housing , infrastructure , services , supplies and administration every 8.6 seconds ? 
  build a town on an island for two million people ? 
  in two years ? 
  it would have been the fifth largest city in the eu . 
  you want to throw out the baseline treaties that prevent russia from invading us ? 
  because that 's the same thing . 
  the international community has painstakingly established a regime in which takeovers by the stronger nations are nearly unheard of . 
  throwing that away is the dumbest thing we could do . 
  it would throw us back in the dark ages . 
  yeah , fuck greece . 
  their own fault for having a sea border . 
  germany closed its borders , but it considered those borders drawn in the mediterranean , along the border of our sworn european partner , greece . 
  if they ca n't do it , we ca n't . 
  once those borders are closed , ours are closed . 
  ok , so break multiple international laws and treaties by shooting innocent shipwrecked civilians ? 
  or break multiple international laws and treaties by infringing on a foreign nations soil ? 
  it 's called shadow of the future . 
  could you pick one comment ? 
  there was such a phenomenon in 1945 . 
  not everything we do is based on wwii memories . 
  the refugee crisis of 2015 is a prime example , when a calculated decision to maintain european stability was reinterpreted by outsiders to fit the narrative of wwii guilt . 
  yeah , on some memes on reddit . 
  neither of these terms have any bearing on real-life politics . 
  the way many politicians talk about islam is completely different . 
  so what are we going to do ? 
  sanction a country that relies on our aid ? 
  even more than it already is sanctioned ?
