  that 's the opposite of european solidarity and unity . 
  by that logic , germany would build a fence at it 's border to poland because immigrants are entering from there . 
  fuck european partners then . 
  nobody can close a sea border , we 've been through this a million times . 
  there are basic obstacles to this idea . 
  besides , ee was among the last when it came to frontex contributions . 
  which indicators do you see for a pro-worker revolution ? 
  the eu has been a strong proponent of agriculture and social equality , that force is going away now . 
  according to the many voices i 've seen and heard over the last few hours , the tories are n't likely to redistribute the supposed newfound wealth ( should it exist ) to the poor, 
  that 's selective reading . 
  history shows she was the only one who made a decision , at a time where there were only bad options . 
  i 'm not saying that it was in itself a bad thing , just that the british population got the wrong perception about immigration from the eu at that point in time . 
  nobody ever did anything to change that . 
  the polish immigrants in the uk never had an image campaign that communicated all these points . 
  yeah , the eu nations would have cheered and celebrated had angela merkel forced the balkan route closed on her own , abandoned our eu partner greece with this problem without end in sight , after we 've lent them billions of euros . 
  ok , then point me towards some solutions that germany blocked , please . 
  because all i saw was a bunch of countries trying to pawn of the burden to someone else and then whining . 
  i think the migration issue with britain was lost ever since the 2004 expansion , when the uk got screwed over and saw all those polish arrivals , after germany took advantage of it 's protection clause . 
  well nobody else had another answer , did they ? 
  except for constant bitching about everything and silent prayers for the refugees to just go away . 
  ah yes , 1970 , when britains economy was doing great !, 
  winter of discontent ? 
  more like winter of hookers and booze for everyone !, 
  that 's what whips are for . 
  or , as a last resort , election loss . 
  you expect a social ( ist ) revolution from the right/conservative ? 
  i 'd be very worried that in the upcoming recession more workers rights are lost to improve the economy . 
  leave predicted that the people making money of the germany-uk trade want to continue doing so ? 
  but the british government has already taken advantage of it 's veto against any ttip provisions concerning the nhs , has n't it ? 
  you get where i 'm coming from , right ? 
  so make it sermons in german and songs in a foreign european language . 
  a percentage of the entire thing in german . 
  whatever . 
  there is certainly a way to design this law in a way that specifically impedes islam and does n't impede christianity , without applying a legal double standard . 
  i 'm no lawmaker , but there is absolutely a way to design this bill specifically to protect christianity . 
  the csu would n't go nuts over a law like this , because it does n't force the catholic church to change anything . 
  it 's pretty much compliant with the proposed rules already , and in the details the law could be designed to have an even smaller impact on the catholic church . 
  this could easily be a law applying to all religion , without having any effect on christianity in germany . 
  all preachers must speak german and be educated in germany ( or the eu ) . 
  a central authority needs to oversee , administer and list all religious institutions in the country . 
  sermons need to be in german , based on our national history/constitution / societal standards . 
  the christian church already fulfills all these requirements , it 's islam that does n't . 
  so the law applies equally , some faith are just in compliance already . 
  schulz in general leans further left compared to merkel . 
  her political opinions were central to defining a european consensus , so he 'll of course be in opposition to a few currently established majority opinions . 
  to name specifics , one of the most important future measures for further integrating the eu is military cooperation . 
  the eu interest , already pushed forward massively by merkel herself , is increased military spending , integration and adherence to treaties . 
  smaller and eastern european nations are especially interested . 
  germany has made deals france , the netherlands , poland , romania etc. 
  already . 
  the spd has called proposals for combined eu divisions `` adventurous '' , considers the 2 % nato target categorically unfit for a developed economy such as germany and instead wants german refugee expenditures added onto our nato contribution total . 
  nato members should define themselves over their capacities and contribution , a system that unfairly favors large , rich western nations . 
  schulz now has to combine these positions and explain how his party is more pro-eu than merkels and whether he would act based upon party or eu positions . 
  the same goes for refugee deportations , to name another example . 
  the current german government struck a refugee deal with afghanistan even before the eu did . 
  the current eu position in regard to rejected afghan asylum seekers is to deport more of them faster . 
  many spd politicians and spd state governments are refusing to participate in mass deportations or are critical of deportations to afghanistan as a whole . 
  they are also refusing to classify the maghreb states as safe countries , which would increase the efficency in handling asylum seekers for those states . 
  schulz , again , has to explain how his party is more in line with the eu interest compared to the current government and what his position is on deportations to these states . 
  that 's a brave prediction . 
  schulz has repeatedly portrayed himself as more pro-eu , but the spd program simply does n't align with eu majority interests in some key areas . 
  schulz can claim to be pro-eu all he wants , but he would thoroughly push germany into the opposition on the eu stage and lose the current german leadership position . 
  the idea that wealth could be attained by a long , dangerous journey and hard work at the destination . 
  which is what many of today 's migrants seek in europe as well . 
  but many people critical of merkels deal with turkey for the last months and years claimed that their hero orban and the other balkan nations constructing fences were the real deterrent to refugees . 
  in the theory of merkels critics , no refugees would want to go to greece because the way to germany is blocked . 
  i think that 's a stupid view , but there has been a lot of debate so far , as the measures were introduced at a similar time . 
  the debate would be settled afterwards : did merkel or orban stop the refugee crisis ? 
  fences or deals ? 
  we 're about to find out whether the closed balkan borders are really the better deterrent that keeps refugees out . 
  how lovely that that debate will be settled , at last . 
  an eu camp would still never run out of medical supplies and offer some of the best health are globally , peace and order would always be maintained , human rights would always be respected , comfortable adequate living space would never run out , healthy food and clean water would always be available . 
  that 's a very nice place to just exist for a lot of people , millions of whom around the globe are threatened by hunger and poverty . 
  the issue i specifically wanted to mention is families or even governments sending their sick and elderly to camps such as these during droughts , food shortages and other natural disaster for them to receive care until their application for asylum is denied and we find a way to deport them . 
  by building camps abroad , we massively reduce the burden of entry into our asylum system . 
  we need to scale our political influence in africa to respond accordingly . 
  i do n't see the growing influence in any such foreign camp plans . 
  the problematic part i could imagine are such camps becoming a dumping ground for orphans , the elderly and the sick . 
  people with a lot of deportation obstacles that require a lot of care even during processing . 
  alternatively , some leaders might employ the camps to house undesired minorities or use their own population in large numbers to threaten this european system . 
  we need to develop stronger political clout in africa alongside such camps . 
  once we actually deny a nation development aid , we 've got no cards left to play . 
  even morocco is able to leverage migrants . 
  if an uptick of of few hundred people is cause for concern already , nearly any country could develop some kind of leverage in a situation like that . 
  he and his team need to construct positions that seem pro-european , center left and ambiguous enough to allow a coalition to the left and right . 
  so there probably wo n't be any concrete talking points for some time . 
  martin schulz still enjoys the ambiguity he created . 
  the two central divides he faces are between his european positions and german spd positions , the second one bring between the general eu positions and german spd positions . 
  the initial social proposals he suggested , alg q and an unspecified increase in baf\u00f6g , make me sceptical concerning his unique , strong positions . 
  so far he looks to be falling in line with the german spd and utilising rethoric to keep his numbers up . 
  the real points of contention will be russia , military expansion , nato commitments , refugee treatment and deportations . 
  the expanding bilateral military agreements with poland , the netherlands and romania for example as well as increased eu defense spending are a one of the ways out of the eu crisis everyone can agree on . 
  defense cooperation among eu members is increasing . 
  the current press frenzy around the 2 % hurdle clearly shows that people do n't look past the numerical value to issues such as efficency . 
  efficency ca n't even be measured or compared on a european level . 
  besides , the numerical value is important : any measure of efficency is detrimental to smaller member states . 
  the baltics combined could have a high quality military , but it 's still shit because it 's tiny compared to ours . 
  they ca n't ever be of efficient assistance in a large scale conflict . 
  but since the element of capability is n't relevant for nato , they can confidently remain valued members by paying 2 % . 
  i 've also never heard how intelligent spending programs are an improvement in quality over straight 2 % spending .
