  turkey has officially received a list of demands they must meet in order to enter . 
  they are light-years away from that . 
  [ arrival numbers after merkel struck a deal ] ( https://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/download.php?id=964 ) vs. [ arrivals after macedonia closed it 's borders ] ( https://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/download.php?id=902 ) . 
  what macedonia and hungary did was n't working and was absolutely uneuropean . 
  how does it help their fellow member greece ? 
  jesus , do they hear themselves ? 
  these ramblings make no sense . 
  the only impressive thing about the v4 is that orban has n't broken his back while sucking his own dick so hard . 
  family reunification is n't allowed until 2017 at all , after that the asylum seekers or recognized refugees need to provide the living space and income for their family without government assistance . 
  this means that the roughly 500.000 syrians will bring in another 500.000 over a very extended period of time . 
  the government is chosen by the people and the prosecutor general is an extension of the government . 
  there is no public oversight to many officials . 
  the minister for justice just picks the person that can serve him best . 
  that 's the way it works in any government . 
  yes, 
  the german equivalent to a prosecutor general is selected by the minister of justice with approval of the council of state representatives to the president for approval . 
  the power of selection remains within the executive and the central point of selection is the minister of justice . 
  i do n't fucking know , how does it matter ? 
  edit : now i fucking know . 
  he is selected by the minister of justice and confirmed by the council of state representation . 
  ok , so the nato/us missile shield is bringing prosperity to romania and fighting corruption . 
  this is of course proven by the fact that the governor of the national bank got his phd in the us more than twenty years ago , after being educated in romania . 
  furthermore , the prosecutor general is chosen to serve an additional second term , since the ministry of justice clearly states she is the most qualified person for the job . 
  how do foreign officials play into this again ? 
  you 're right , debates and exchanges of ideas are great . 
  please start debating or offering actual ideas . 
  you develop a very compelling argument , but it is n't entirely based in reality . 
  [ this short documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&amp;persist_app=1&amp;v=odf4gsx1y3c ) is a good introduction to the actual origins of the us highway system . 
  well , i 'm not a lawyer , but i believe an asylum seeker would cite this ruling during some kind of deportation hearing which would result in the deportation being dismissed . 
  the final result is that yes , anyone this verdict applies to ca n't be deported ( in this case families with children ) . 
  of course it 's counterproductive . 
  but it 's italy 's only way to force everyone 's hand . 
  the eu countries preached unity , but when greece and italy asked for help earlier during the migrant crisis , they got none . 
  when they took to more drastic means ( not registering migrants , sending them north , not improving conditions for asylum seekers in holding facilities ) was when europe noticed the problem and germany and sweden stepped in and took some asylum seekers of their plate . 
  waiting until the high point of crisis and even worse , still refusing any kind of help via resettlement , is even more counterproductive . 
  german courts made rulings for deportations from germany , european courts made rulings for deportations from all european countries . 
  it 's a common fact within germany that bavaria has the biggest police force per capita , the best and most modern equipment , more pay for policemen , less hours for policemen , a more `` effective '' riot police etc. 
  a central pillar of it 's work is : no opportunistic stepping back from violence . 
  combine that with a stricter stance on drug criminality , a stricter judicial system in general , prosecutions for even small issues and more restrictions on asylum seekers and you get a very safe state . 
  case and point : bavaria 's capital and host city of the oktoberfest munich has been the safest major german city for 40 years in a row . 
  you have not heard of bavarian police . 
  besides , the statistics were depressing enough without migrants . 
  no , because refuge also includes that the refugees enjoy their full , complete human rights . 
  german and european courts ruled that this was n't the case in a number of european countries . 
  as a result , they ca n't receive their rightful complete asylum in these countries . 
  yes it does : the european court for human rights ruled that the way families are housed in italy specifically constitutes cruel and unusual punishment . 
  the housing in switzerland and elsewhere ( germany , sewden , etc. ), 
  has never been put to the legal challenge . 
  look , i do n't know the specifics of these german court cases . 
  but there is a very similar ruling made by the european court of human rights . 
  you can look that one up if you want to and find out in detail what rights asylum seekers have . 
  i believe the specific issue was that families were n't housed together and insufficient childcare . 
  edit : here 's the ruling for italy : http://www.google.de/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;ved=0cceqfjaa&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fhudoc.echr.coe.int%2fwebservices%2fcontent%2fpdf%2f003-4917906-6017753&amp;ei=sudyvpsiful07aazuygqaq&amp;usg=afqjcnezllt3peklchdytzcatvmkhrilda&amp;sig2=198y4seu7mzsp4t5ymekja&amp;bvm=bv.78677474,d.d2s, 
  jesus christ , it 's german court rulings , not my personal opinions . 
  the facilities migrants lived in were not considered acceptable at the time . 
  realistically , there would n't even have been a facility for asylum seekers in greece at the time . 
  specifically the conditions that asylum seekers were kept under until their request was processed . 
  the life in those countries was fine , the life asylum seekers had was n't . 
  but that most likely would n't have been the salvation either . 
  there is a fixed narrative , merkel wanted a lot of migrants , was n't thinking straight and ruined europe . 
  everyone here is happily ready to believe that idiocy , how would millions of court documents change that ? 
  but it was n't switched on and off . 
  the `` rule '' that a migrant has to be returned to his initial country of entry was always considered an optional privilege in german legal understanding . 
  besides , deportations to greece , italy , bulgaria etc. 
  constituted cruel and unusual punishment at the height of the crisis and were illegal anyway . 
  so why bother with weeks of additional bureaucratic effort that was always doomed to fail in court if you do n't have to ? 
  why ? 
  your way around makes way less sense . 
  nah , i miss the local circlejerk . 
  that 's tradition though . 
  nobody sends great and well know artist , especially because you ca n't win as an artist : everybody accuses you of playing a rigged game if you win , you 're laughingstock if you lose . 
  how is ignoring turkey or morocco ( who have the same leverage over the eu ) better than making a deal with them ? 
  we 're still at his mercy without a deal , but this way we have a seat at the table . 
  turkey does n't make them do anything . 
  the turkish authorities just look away as people do things in their country . 
  greece would do the same . 
  but that is completely different to the government actively trying to deport them . 
  a government landing on foreign soil and just dumping people there is potentially cause for war . 
  in think he means the ones that were deported from greece under the deal . 
  great explanation , thanks . 
  so erdogan sends us millions of syrians . 
  he just has to bring them to the western coast and stop prosecuting traffickers . 
  he has that option . 
  we lose in a head to head confrontation with erdogan . 
  what . 
  or erdogan opens his border to syria , sends thousands of syrians on busses straight to the western coast and stops prosecuting human traffickers . 
  how 's the one in power , again ? 
  everything i 've seen so far about people housing refugees themselves ( in germany ) looked like a private effort , where you would be definitely free to choose whomever you want . 
  i agree with the entire article , especially the closing paragraph not mentioning europe . 
  two central things that fueled this wave of migration was the rising living standards in africa and relative wealth in syria , which allowed people to pay for the travel , as well as increasing connectivity via the internet . 
  the internet access is also depending on wealth . 
  what makes this scenario different is the nature of climate change . 
  people suffering from the especially hot days and lacking agriculture wo n't have a triggering event ( like war or a publicised wave of migration ) that makes them sell everything to take the trip , it will just be one miserable year after the other , chipping away at their wealth . 
  we do n't see victims of famine migrating these days either . 
  a central consequence of climate change is poverty to the point of famine , which is not a cause for migration . 
  do n't bother , they never reply . 
  edit : i 'll admit when i 'm wrong . 
  i was wrong . 
  but the culture of our strong labour laws is n't a bad thing . 
  this liberal fantasy will of course play out with massive amounts of money from the conservative south .
