  i mean , just look at what you actually wrote :   nice job leaving out the context provided by the second sentence . 
     even black people do n't tolerate black people . 
  they are always fighting among themselves around here . 
    you do n't know , you 're just guessing . 
    holy shit dude , that 's pretty racist too . 
  oh wait , there 's context . 
    he makes a general statement about a race , which he then backs up by a number of instances that you have no idea of . 
  so it is not a general statement about a race . 
    he also gives a geographic context in that sentence : * around here * . 
  maybe there 's townhall meetings about all the problems . 
  do you understand this comment ? 
  maybe the order of sentences does matter when constructing an argument ? 
  would you look at that . 
  here 's my actual comment : nice job leaving out the context provided by the second sentence . 
  i mean , just look at what you actually wrote :  even black people do n't tolerate black people . 
  they are always fighting among themselves around here . 
  holy shit dude , that 's pretty racist too . 
  oh wait , there 's context . 
  he makes a general statement about a race , which he then backs up by a number of instances that you have no idea of . 
  maybe it 's a hundred , maybe all his neigbours have told him storys too . 
  maybe there 's townhall meetings about all the problems . 
  you do n't know , you 're just guessing . 
  he also gives a geographic context in that sentence : * around here * , in reference to his flair . 
  so it is not a general statement about a race . 
  it is not supported by a specific instance . 
  those are both statements you made that are somewhere between wrong and questionable . 
  is it ? 
  the first sentence is maybe worded a little too broad , but in general he makes it pretty clear that he 's retelling an experience . 
  how can an experience in itself be racist ? 
  i felt like the final assumption kind of is : a group of immigrants that have fled their home country will as a group not produce a better society or home for themselves when left alone . 
  it kind of invalidates all the educated refugees from syria and the ones who genuinely seek a better , different life and their potential . 
  i do n't actually know what will happen in a unsupervised community of immigrants . 
  i just assume , based on other events , statistics and experiences . 
  plus , you can never be too sure on this website . 
  this will be the kind of place where , fifty years from now nobody will be properly integrated . 
  there would be no reason to learn italian , no contact with italian society and people and since they can elect their own local leaders , they can in large parts reconstruct the societies they grew up in . 
  these villages would never be economically viable , since many of these immigrants are sending lots of money back home , thus draining their local economy in italy . 
  i realize i sound like a total racist by saying this , but if an immigrant family can in many countries stay very far away from the general society in terms of integration , imagine what a whole village could do . 
  because i have it at hand : [ source ] ( http://www.livescience.com/13114-children-parents-happy-eventually.html ) for what you wrote . 
  why ? 
  it has some additional capabilities , but it does n't exactly set standards , it meets them . 
  with a 900 billion dollar defense budget across all nato members , i 'd say we can aim a little higher when it comes to `` 21st century tank '' . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  i 'm curious about the topic now . 
  yeah , that 's really true , banks do n't care about the average customer , they 're open when it 's most convenient for the big customers , companys and such . 
  and their working hours perfectly line up . 
  wait , does anybody actually have a good system ? 
  wait , seriously ? 
  thanks , i did n't even know . 
  that sounds pretty bad , too . 
  we do actually have something similar , called the rundfunkbeitrag . 
  this is the money used for the public tv and radio channels . 
  we were charged for radios and tvs in each house , but now we just pay a flat fee of 17,50 $ a month to maintain these channels . 
  let 's just hope we do n't get the worst of both worlds . 
  or all 28 worlds . 
  gema has the legal right to a flipped burden of proof . 
  they own everything or represent their equivalents in other countries , so they will claim music and force you to prove they or their partners do n't own it . 
  hello and welcome to the world of [ gema ] ( http://www.e-recht24.de/images/stories/categories/cat59/bildschirmfoto_2013-01-29_um_08.37.04.png ) !, 
  we really do n't care whether you enjoy your stay . 
  clearly , every music producer and artist deserves his fair share of profits when their music is used . 
  so naturally , if you use any entertainment music ( no really , anything that can be called entertainment music ) in public , we assume that we are the legal rights holder and charge you until you can prove otherwise . 
  does your child in kindergarten want to sing songs too ? 
  sure hope the state pays the licensing fees for that , too . 
  do you run a club with , let 's say , 300 sqm ? 
  we will simplify our tariffs for you . 
  that does of course come with a 500 % price increase in music licenses from 2012 to 2013 . 
  ( which is an actual example ) are you youtube ? 
  we sincerly hope you can come to an agreement with us . 
  we will absolutly force you to block every music video or song we own or might own . 
  we do not give a fuck whether you are the original artist and happen to want to offer some of your content free to the world . 
  vevo channels ? 
  we own that , too . 
  ( of course , nobody is innocent in this stalemate that is coming up on it 's sixth year ) any music in the background of your videos ? 
  guess fucking what . 
  seriously , if you 're ever bored , use a vpn for germany and explore youtube 's music world a little . 
  gema as an idea is great . 
  protect the rights of digital artists . 
  but they are increasingly hindering the digial german music market , have extremly far reaching rights including a goverment protected monopoly , have flipped the balance of proof against consumers and are , quite frankly , not fit for a european model of the future . 
  they hinder lots of possible cooperation among businesses and are n't very consumer friendly which does ultimatly harm the artists . 
  this article is just a drawn out explanation of a few graphics . 
  interesting information , but poorly presented . 
  suicide rates have risen by 30 % from the lowest in europe , which is still terrible , but you should still mention it as part of the statistic . 
  since there is a ton of confusion in these comments : this is n't german self-loathing or some attack on the traditional family picture . 
  it is perfectly ok . to look and live like this in germany is fine for everyone who wants to ( as long as you do n't ask some left-wing extremists ) . 
  but : the afd has repeatedly expressed through their party program that this is the ideal family and that they would do everything in their power to push people toward it . 
  education and social support should be aimed at achieving this family and this family alone . 
  that means , for example : no islam , less support for single mothers and alternative family models , less support for gender equality , the bundeswehr gets advertising privileges for their jobs etc. 
  the problem is n't that this family exists . 
  it 's that the afd will specifically push to only allow this family in germany , attacking freedoms in every aspect of life . 
  but there is an added deterence that is incredibly strong . 
  anyone in turkey right now has two ways to get to greece : get on a boat , get arrested , be locked up in a detention center and deported after having spent a few thousand dollars for the transition . 
  register as a refugee and hope and pray that you will be picked for a relocation program to europe . 
  as soon as the people stop using the first option , the second one becomes useless too . 
  nobody willing to cross because it 's useless and nobody getting sent north because they are n't being exchanged . 
  greece is n't the only gateway , but it 's by far the most popular one . 
  and every new way that is found will be locked up again . 
  the same process is happening with libya right now . 
  so this is still a helpful step in the right direction . 
  the baseline of this deal is : if you want to come to europe as an asylum seeker , you will have to live in turkey , maybe for a few years , maybe for a few decades . 
  there is no way to skip the line or bribe your way in .
