  the government refused and just payed the fine , 300.000 $ per week and did nothing else . 
  i 'm not happy with just abandoning problems in front of our borders , but before it breaks the union . 
  according to [ this article ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/feb/10/turkey-dismisses-eu-plan-to-resettle-refugees-in-return-for-sealing-sea-route#comment-68420724 ) the turkey deal is n't in such great shape . 
  i was and still am hoping for that solution , but my hopes are n't exactly growing . 
  well what else is there ? 
  somebody 's got to do it . 
  hearing a view that is n't our own , german one on perceptions is very interesting , thanks . 
  from 109.000 in december to 60.000 in january under similar weather conditions sounds like a valuable comparison to me . 
  clearly turkey is doing something . 
  jesus christ erdogan , just take our fucking money . 
  that is the one huge bargaining chip he holds right now . 
  if europe is forced to solve this crisis by some inhumane measure itself , he gets stuck with all the migrants , no eu money and 28 vengeful countries who will not forget what he did or did n't do . 
  he 's playing such a risky game with his countries future . 
  compare december 2015 with january 2016 , 50 % drop . 
  why bother with egypt ? 
  we would have to start an expensive relocation scheme and maybe egypt still wo n't take them all . 
  there is also a european responsibility , we ca n't use european policemen and planes to send people into terrible living situations . 
  the island nation of nauru and papua new guinea . 
  well , now we 're getting into semantics territory over the origin and relevance of the pushback . 
  but that does n't really matter : pushbacks into turkish water are definitely illegal , and pushbacks into international water is condemning people to death . 
  the eu and greece will probably never go that far anyways . 
  this crisis could have been solved long ago if we just disregarded international laws and human rights . 
  the issue is precisely that we do n't . 
  alright , if there 's a country willing to sacrifice their territory , with or without eu money , that 'd be great . 
  then i agree with this camp solution . 
  but the current crisis and resulting politics do n't give me any hopes in that regard , to be honest . 
  germany , per constitutional design , has a political system of small steps . 
  but there was recent progress with morocco and tunisia about deportations , there are talks about third-country-deportations with turkey and lybia and so on . 
  it 's not much , and the audacity of some countries is staggering , but to me it 's a question of time mostly . 
  the us has a little more of a jackhammer approach , which does n't earn them any favors in the long term either . 
  maybe not bread specifically , but the quality of accommodation and facilities especially might mean major differences in cost . 
  and in general , looking at [ this ] ( http://www.novinite.com/articles/173025/german+court+rules+against+sending+back+refugees+to+bulgaria ) i just doubt that germany would be able to participate in that . 
  neither one of us can really tell how much bed , bath and bread will mean and cost . 
  it 's for much more important people to decide what 's eight and wrong there , i guess . 
  normally an agreement like this really should happen , and on that part erdogan is a dick , but i ca n't really fault him for not making his country 's situation worse and using his position of power to gain some advantages . 
  none of us would have a problem with our governments doing that . 
  yeah , i guess you ca n't really tell . 
  the important point in considering this is how many rights and benefits we 'll be forced to offer . 
  the national courts and european court of human rights might sink this real quick . 
  since it 's an eu institution and all , there might be need for more than shelter and tent . 
  in know that germanys constitutional court sometimes did n't even allow deportations to greece or bulgaria throughout this crisis . 
  yeah , not taking them back is a dick move , but there are some reasonable arguments . 
  turkey already `` cares '' for more people compared to the eu . 
  they are n't turkish citizens either , so why should they care for syrians , afghans , iraqis as opposed to us ? 
  we 're the ones with the power to enforce deportation agreements . 
  finally , securing the border with turkey obviously is a huge gamble in the long term , but short term perks are amazing . 
  in addition to a secure and closed border we get the deterrent factor . 
  random arrest and imprisonment in turkey , no support , healthcare while planning your attempt , deportations to questionable countries etc. 
  morocco is the gold standard . 
  spain is n't allowed to build razor wire fences ? 
  morocco will . 
  immigrants climb the fences ? 
  morocco breaks their arms . 
  immigrants build a camp ? 
  morocco raids it and ships them away to some ghetto . 
  we as a union , the people and leaders , get to wash our hands of potential crimes committed at our borders . 
  continue being the humanitarian force in the world etc. 
  paying others a set amount of money is also the cheapest possible solution . 
  as long as the local leader gets some in his pocket , the people themselves will pay half of our border protection . 
  well clearly we 're proving that one wrong right now . 
  but that 'll be massively more expensive , wo n't it ? 
  off-shore , in my mind , is the second best option to closing borders , but that money dump would be insane . 
  as / u/kubasar said , what the immigrants do in turkey is completely private and of their own free will . 
  turkey is negligent at most , because turkish authorities do n't actively look for and hinder smuggling operations . 
  no , australia is n't . 
  australia has somebody to turn them to . 
  pushbacks are illegal and directly dropping them of in turkey without consent is cause for war . 
  that consent is to be achieved by negotiation , the very same negotiation this threat comes from . 
  when you say close our borders , what do you imagine ? 
  no , it 's a : `` if we do anything worse , the bverfg will be up our asses in no time . '', 
  wow , something like this is rare to see in a subreddit all about the coming islamization and doom of europe and germany . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  people seem to forget that nobody has given up and that many people work hard to solve these problems every day . 
  so the 32 % leave the island , the others do n't ? 
  that 's still a lot of people . 
  without additional measures , i do n't think that 'll be enough . 
  that 's just my opinion , but i think in general without cutting off the influx completely and taking contingents from camps , we 're just pushing the point when we 'll be overwhelmed . 
  300.000 in germany is manageable , but 300.000 every year is n't . 
  that 's more like it , but realistically we ca n't even house everyone who has right to asylum . 
  in general i just do n't have the faith in the eu to manage such a large scale operation quickly , efficiently and with the necessary prejudice . 
  but there is no other viable option to stop the current immigration crisis . 
  we need turkey for that , desperately . 
  the eu is working quickly towards that goal with the new registration hotspots , but that does n't stop anyone . 
  asylum processes still are n't unified across europe , so there still would be a massively growing amount of refugees across europe . 
  i agree with all of that , but could you expand on `` effective control over eu borders '' ? 
  what does that mean in actual measures on the ground , specifically without erdogan ? 
  well , that 's an aspect of the eu-morcco relationship . 
  even china get 's the human rights mentions on most visits . 
  how does , in your opinion , this managed immigration without erdogan look like ? 
  eh , i was still wrong . 
  but comparing western sahara to crimea , for example , shows a huge double standard in eu attitudes . 
  shit , you 're right , i guess there is n't a mandate . 
  just very disputed and not recognized claims morocco has over the country , combined with frequent human rights abuses there . 
  take your pick : unlimited immigration over turkeys open border or no representation for kurds . 
  yes , but compare that to recently changed stances about the fight against the kurds and you 'll get a better picture . 
  plus , if erdogan wanted to , he could stop these kind of calls forever . 
  we 're not gon na challenge erdogan on anything , same way nobody enforces the un rules about occupation in western sahara and morocco . 
  turkey has the eu in its pocket now , we 'll do anything as long as they close their border . 
  sorting does n't have to happen at the border . 
  i am genuinly not aware of , nor do i believe in a media blackout , which is a ridiculous notion in a free democracy .
