  that still has massively infighting factions everywhere ? 
  you 're right , but this is a question of political realism . 
  we want an amicable , stable government in libya that helps us out , not a destroyed one that drags its feet at every turn . 
  innocent africans would die at sea . 
  so we could emphasise a political point . 
  that 's the cost . 
  i 'd honestly recommend reconsidering your priorities , if this did n't ever occur to you . 
  ukraine did n't have the facilities to prevent the annexation of crimea . 
  kuwait did n't have the facilities to prevent the iraqi takeover . 
  poland did n't have the facilities to prevent a nazi invasion . 
  that 's the class of international crime we 're dealing with here . 
  foreign militaries entering a sovereign nation without permission . 
  you need to fully think this through : you want the european nations to commit one of the most severe international crimes purely for easier migrant returns . 
  we 'd breach dozens of treaties . 
  i 'm assuming your reason for suspending rescue operations is a reduction of migrant numbers due to increased danger . 
  that is , in theory , a perfectly valid utilitarian argument . 
  but i 'd like to offer two criticisms to it . 
  the real life effect of of a more dangerous crossing does n't necessarily translate into migrant movements . 
  while there was some evidence of connected , intelligent groups on the balkan route , the reporting about the libyan route indicates the opposite . 
  even now , after years of crossings , africans on their way to europe are unaware of the kidnappings , deaths and dangers on the way to europe . 
  after thousands of migrants were fooled for years by promises of a short sea journey , the reality still has n't arrived among african migrants . 
  they still think the journey will take a few hours . 
  so i 'd call into question the efficency of that removed incentive . 
  there is a real chance that a staggering number of africans would continue trying and dying . 
  secondly , the utilitarian basis to your argument is n't the central ethical and philosophical principle to most of eu leaders and citizens . 
  so while an end to rescue operation may seem sensible to you , its human cost is prohibitive to many . 
  even if you 're right , we can not act this way . 
  it falls into the same category as cluster bombs and slavery . 
  the effectiveness is irrelevant in the face of our humane principles . 
  does n't matter if it would help , we wo n't do it because of the cost it has . 
  walls through seas have mostly proven to be a bunch of rocks at the bottom of the ocean , though . 
  outer eu borders on land are massively reinforced with fences . 
  but that does n't work on the sea . 
  that comes with a whole host of its own problems concerning sovereignty . 
  the only way any ship can return any migrants is if the country of departure agrees . 
  the situation is similar to when russian aircraft enter european airspace , even for short distances or durations . 
  libya does n't really have to government or facilities to allow such a return , but turkey never allowed it either . 
  information is n't the only foundation of our democracy . 
  there are many equally important foundations , and support for one ca n't harm the other . 
  do i want to know if a political eats children ? 
  yes , but not unconditionally . 
  what if we only get the information if we all publicly register our vote ? 
  what if we only get the information if we give germans of russian origin two votes ? 
  what if we only get the information if we give russia a veto to the results ? 
  information is n't everything . 
  information ca n't come at a price to our democracy . 
  by allowing russian hacks due to their content , we 're paying just that price . 
  that can not happen . 
  but this whole argument does n't need to be made . 
  as the american dnc leaks clearly showed , the american public did n't become more informed and level-headed in response to the leaks . 
  some people spun up crazy , harmful conspiracy theories . 
  so any russian hacks do n't even serve us . 
  they do n't make us more informed . 
  they do not improve the informed election process . 
  this is n't about my political choices at all !, 
  some foreign influencing does n't justify other foreign influencing . 
  every single instance must be fought and stopped . 
  and the influences you 've perceived so far ca n't be as severe as the one russia allowed itself in america and potentially considers for europe . 
  press , police , vigilant citizens . 
  there 's no perfect way to stop corruption , but that does n't make this any better . 
  hacking and publishing information is n't a good tool , and it comes at high price : the freedom of our own election . 
  this is n't about my personal vote , it 's a question of the democratic system . 
  certain things can not be allowed in a democratic system , no matter their benefit or my personal relationship to it . 
  the freedom of foreign influence is one of them . 
  the only thing i wanted to illustrate is that if russia wants to influence the german elections for itself , the logical party to support is the afd . 
  setting aside the discussions about the scope and goals of russian influence , i simply wanted to show the most conventional logic chain . 
  it literally just breeds pro-russian corruption . 
  it does n't stop anything , just changes the perpetrators public political stance to fall in line behind russia . 
  hacks do n't stop corruption . 
  and russia gets a free pass for attacking the freedom of our democratic votes , a fundamental basis for our political system . 
  win-win-attack on democracy for us !, 
  merkel is cdu/csu . 
  she lead ukraine-russia talks and got the eu nations to agree on anti-russian sanctions . 
  they did n't lie in this specific instance . 
  russia is not above deceptions . 
  the advantage of russian intervention , increased information , is asymmetrical . 
  i want to hear from everyone equally , there should n't be a factor of voting for the known over the unknown evil . 
  besides , ever since pizza gate blew up , you can not claim that russian hacks lead to an increasingly informed voting population . 
  if it really was n't an influencing factor , why would russia do it at all ? 
  the disadvantage of russian intervention is a fundamental attack on the sovereignty of election . 
  unfair assistance to the fourth estate is a small gain in comparison to one of the necessary fundamentals of democracy . 
  it 's an attack on the freedom of the vote and should be treated as such . 
  but that 's still atrocious , us voters having to interpret the putin-test . 
  it has no place in a sovereign democracy . 
  why would anyone worry about russian support for those parties ? 
  setting aside the discussion about the scope of russian influence , in strategic terms afd is the only one worthy of russian support : linke is pro-russian , but not conservative , cdu/csu is conservative , but not pro-russian . 
  afd is the obvious choice . 
  exposure should n't serve russian interests . 
  i want to know , but i want a trustworthy source . 
  that was kind of a joke , sorry . 
  personally , i do n't care about roma . 
  they do n't affect me in any way . 
  the things you 'll hear are : abuse of social systems , begging mafias , destruction of government housing , unwillingness to integrate , backwards culture , etc. 
  it 's kind of a mutual relationship . 
  roma were always a persecuted group , and remain one today . 
  so they lock themselves out of society and society is happy to lock them out . 
  there are certainly attempts to integrate them , especially in western nations , but they largely fail . 
  or , more precisely : only the failures remain visible . 
  a member of the roma group who made it out usually does n't look back , some going as far as changing their names . 
  some people will now claim the failures are the romas fault , some will blame the integration attempts , though the larger picture shows : we 're just not good at integrating anyone .
