  do you have a source for that ? 
  and is that taking into consideration the lifes they will have here ? 
  right now , there are many new arrivals who come here for fabels of money , jobs and housing . 
  how many will stay once they realize what they will get here ? 
  that ca n't be a solution , because europe will lose a race to the bottom compared to turkey , lybia , lebanon and the other host countries . 
  and we would n't just have to come to a draw , we 'd have to win that race by a mile to achieve an effect . 
  even without state incentives , the fact that we do n't extort money from their families back home , sell them into slavery or attack them for their religion or ethnicity makes us better than those host countries . 
  the fact that they are n't threatend by abduction , murder , draft , suicide bombs , nail bombs , air strikes or drone strikes makes us better than the countries they left behind . 
  removing all incentives , what does that mean , in your eyes ? 
  should refugees die from treatable diseases outside our hospitals ? 
  should they starve by the thousands in our streets ? 
  and do you honestly believe that there would ever be a time when we would allow that in our own first world countries ? 
  the flow would dry up after literally about a million people had died . 
  in mainland europe . 
  simply because we did n't want them . 
  how is that a solution to you ? 
  probably , but that still means that we are stepping down from an luxurious position in international comparison to one of economically average . 
  it 's the price for refugees . 
  wether that is acceptable will be determined next election . 
  yeah , that 's true , but i was making an example . 
  what i was trying to say was : what general quality of life you can buy in addition to the standards the government provides ? 
  whenever there is a discussion about brain drain in eastern europe , people mention what low pay doctors , teachers , etc. 
  recieve there . 
  so naturally , the money for refugees is less in eastern europe . 
  and the difference in what you can actually consume in germany and romania with the money you get should be more important . 
  economics is n't my strong suit , but i would n't rely on any number at this point in time . 
  with the many different factors that come into play here ( success of training for refugees , development of the real estate industry , number of refugees to come , diplomatic developments in syria , etc. ), 
  your guess is as good as mine . 
  yes , 26 $ billion could just as well become a new reality . 
  but still , germany is n't borrowing new money for its household , which is extraordinary in itself . 
  the german economy is , in a global comparison , in very good shape and even that bill could be paid over time without really threatening the economy . 
  the base amount would be 320 $ . 
  added to that is , if needed , rent , insurance , money for pregnancies , children , disabilities , etc. 
  fully conforming to the german ideal of burocracy . 
  the german embassy in kabul started their own billboard campaign recently . 
  but honestly , i do n't think it matters what information we try to spread in those countries . 
  the large smuggling industry has an expensive propanganda machinery at this point . 
  nobody wants to hear how bad being a refugee will be in germany . 
  and nobody who has arrived here wants to admit to the people back home how bad it is . 
  the willful turning away from certain , legit information ca n't be fought with billboard campaigns . 
  i do n't think it can be fought at all . 
  slow down there . 
  compared to the living standards in syria , they do n't recieve anything close to luxury . 
  they do n't get to work until their claim for asylum is approved , which at the current rate takes more than half a year . 
  and the moeny they recieve does n't buy them anything luxurious in germany . 
  they do n't really get to stay either , just look at the number of refugees that were taken in from the kosovo in the nienties . 
  [ there were 350.000 of them in germany in 1994 . 
  in 2001 , there were 19.227 . 
  the government is currently overwhelmed , but they are catching up fast with new regulations and quicker deportations . 
  100 , 200 million is not that much compared to government spending in some other sectors . 
  100 to 200 euros is not that generous for each individual . 
  i guess it 's more in total numbers , but i am personally more interested in actual buying power of the money they recieve . 
  can a refugee in romania buy a full set of winter clothes with the benefits they get there ? 
  can one in germany ? 
  that should be the most important metric . 
  alright , the system is n't the cause for the crisis , that is still civil war in syria , taliban attacks in afghanistan and so forth . 
  but i do n't think the solution is that easy . 
  living conditions for refugees are already very bad , they recieve less and less incentives , but they will need some money to survive . 
  there is already this huge disconnect between how the situation is in germany and how refugees percieve it . 
  there was an article on here just recently , showing migrants who all had heard stories of merkel asking for three million refugees until 2018 to give them all jobs , which of course never happened . 
  we can change policy however we like , but short of literally taking every refugee and dropping him of exactly where he left , these changes are not going to arrive in syria , afghanistan etc. 
  these refugees will continue to believe that everything is great in germany , no matter the actual situation , news reports , law changes . 
  benefits are also the reason they are coming to germany , but europe will remain their dream destination , because i doubt we will ever sink lower than turkey or syria in our standards . 
  this solution , cutting benefits , seems really short sighted to me . 
  read up on the other comments made by germans in this subreddit . 
  you assessment could n't be further from the truth . 
  afd is utterly unstable and from a political standpoint pretty useless . 
  from what i 've read in europe , the number one reason for people to become fanatics is urban poverty . 
  there are other issues as well , social exclusion or the wish for a strict system of rules , but that is the biggest one . 
  yes , it is , but it is blocked because he used copyrighted music . 
  happens to a ton of videos in germany , nothing to do with the content of the video . 
  unless you believe in some massive conspiracy that german intelligence or someone is secretly blocking it . 
  wether the taxes are spent on nationals or non-nationals is n't the point , the german government is in such a great position right now financially that this bill is entirely irrelevant . 
  i feel like this will really be a central point in our future politics : going on as we were , with left-wing social and right-wing economic decisions because the huge amount of non-voters who are simply happy feel the need to protect the satus quo and thus on election day will go out and rejoin the polls by voting merkel 's party . 
  the other potential outcome i see is that her party faces too much internal trouble , making them appear weak and unelectable . 
  this could happen if enough people side with seehofer , the more conservative voice of the party . 
  i believe the cdu/csu covers a gigantic amount of ground , policy-wise . 
  they ca n't show too many cracks . 
  if cdu/csu does n't stay in power or just has a bad election result , i am really curious who could fill the void : most parties by now mostly function around their massive clout . 
  there is no real opposition in the traditional sense , a true counterforce , rather smaller interest groups representing their ideas as well as possible while generally working with the cdu/csu . 
  however , the 2006 wm has been eclipsed by the 2014 victory by a long shot already , and the vw scandal was n't a big deal , as far as i know . 
  it was a much larger scandal internationally . 
  finally : i am much more interested in the political future of the eu . 
  the german people traditionally insisted on our politicans staying away from international affairs or a leading role in international politics . 
  after the ( in german eyes ) spectacular failure of the other eu states to step up to the plate when it comes to refugees , i could see that opinion tilting nationally in favour of a german lead role in the eu . 
  compare that with the many voices on this subreddit who already feel germany has to much of a say , and i could see serious danger for future european unity . 
  case workers and translators usually determine the most likely country of origin , then the corresponding embassy is contacted . 
  they have more or less clear terms : if your country wants german goods and development money , you give him a new passport so he can be deported . 
  articles like these are incredible to me . 
  nobody signed a death sentence . 
  the death sentence is the punishment you get if you refuse to comply with existing laws . 
  uber is n't `` shaking up the market '' , they 're not `` the future '' , they 're a company that breaks the law to get ahead . 
  easy as that . 
  citing a nonbinding eu report and implying that uber should just be allowed to continue with illegal actions until they 've lobbied to legalize them should n't be presented in such a positive light . 
  the eu has to play absolutely dirty and not do the uk any favors should they vote leave . 
  what is n't communicated enough is that this is a breaking point for the eu . 
  if the uk leaves and is successful , everyone else will want to leave . 
  if the uk leaves and is kicked in the teeth , nobody will talk about leaving for another decade . 
  for the sake of saving the eu , the brexit needs to be a disaster . 
  it is , in fact , not .
