  if a medical emergency occurs , a robotic surgeon will have checked thousands of records and learned everything there currently is to know about any type of injury and every possible method of treatment by the time his human counterpart is ready to begin . 
  robots today already have some advantages over human doctors . 
  they have access to more knowledge , they are steadier , more precise , in the long run way cheaper . 
  but it 's not like we 're not all to blame a little for that . 
  yes , it 's handled poorly , but nobody wanted anything to do with it when it was a italian and greek problem . 
  i remember , for germany at least , when our politicians made a public push for more german involvement and leadership in the world and europe , before this crisis started . 
  germans were resisting and protesting , it was not welcome . 
  this could have been planned better , but we , at least , also did n't care until the problem was at our doorstep . 
  i only know this about germany , but a recognized person under subsidiary protection or a refugee can only bring his partner and children . 
  if they are under 18 , they 'll be able to bring their parents , too . 
  so by now , the rules have become very strict . 
  but we 'll never go as low as other countries . 
  no matter the condition in greece , there probably wo n't ever be anyone starving in the streets , freezing to death or dying from preventable disease . 
  we can slow this influx with a lowered pull-factor , but that just buys us time . 
  she most certainly did not , the german courts made it illegal for her government to send migrants back to hungary and greece because of the bad conditions there . 
  she ca n't just break the checks and balances of the german political system . 
  not anymore , in most cases . 
  in germany , there is a seven percent increase through family reunification . 
  7 family members for every 100 refugees . 
  that is the least of our problems . 
  yeah , the far-right generally does n't have much to offer , but in germany specifically , the way they operate really hinders them , i think . 
  the best example is the afd , consistently moving further right . 
  the fringe neonazi groups just have a way of infiltrating and taking over any movement that is moderately right . 
  that 's what kills their popular support as well . 
  i mean spd has just consistently played fdp , kind of a second fiddle to cdu/csu , but in a vacuum , why not ? 
  i could see cdu/csu under threat if we had a competent far right . 
  they already have their internet sites and fb pages to share content quickly , if they could seriously take advantage of small infighting , they might at least lose some of the complacent voters . 
  those who do n't like struggle and turmoil would be put off by that . 
  but it 's no more than a thought game , they do stand quite solid in reality . 
  yeah , looking beyond whatever transition there might be , he would be a decent leader . 
  not to excited about a more conservative social securit policy , but that 's his price . 
  the problem , standing with or against merkel , even with popular support , cdu/csu really ca n't rock the boat right now . 
  merkel expressing frustration on her way out just once might be enough to push the party into deep crisis . 
  they have covered a large part of the political spectrum for a long time . 
  i think this crisis does n't stem just from the current asylum problem , but also from the gigantic space they take among voters opinions , covering all bases , as they have for years . 
  on one hand , great for all of europe and the middle east , since it might put a faster stop to the war in syria and the refugee crisis . 
  but setting the example for a dictator like assad : if you bomb your people long enough , you will stay in power , makes the future of the me incredibly more deadly . 
  no regime is going to go without a massive war any more . 
  once the saudis get off their oil high and are faced with a revolting public and equipped with modern western weapons , they will lay waste to their own country and cause an even worse crisis . 
  you 're right , i just read up on that . 
  but still , this is an odd situation . 
  it would be a pretty big gamble to find the exact right point in time for him to move in . 
  would n't he be statisfied with the triple no-deficit and maybe getting some powers under the table for standing with merkel ? 
  i ca n't see him as actively doing anything against her , just swooping in . 
  but merkel is not going to fall on her own , if at all . 
  yeah , two very tiny enclaves that have the opposite effect : the whole of marocco is out for this solution . 
  they recieve tons of european money already just to protect these enclaves , they are essentially holding all of us hostage . 
  if maroccan police were to stop doing what they are doing , spain would see unprecedented amounts of immigration . 
  we ca n't touch marocco . 
  no chances for afd , the closest party would be cdu/csu , they 're the next one on the left . 
  cdu/csu get their pick as they are the largest party . 
  did n't he say years ago that he made the joint decision with his wife to not go for chancellor ever ? 
  they decided against it after the attack ? 
  maybe no defence in court , but against deportation it might be . 
  in germany at least , the severity of the crime , as well as it 's threat to society and the potential for reoffense are examined . 
  so not knowing the law might not be a defence against judgement , but it would lower the likelihood of being declared a likely reoffender . 
  probably makes it easier to deport the criminals among them . 
  no more cultural difference or ignorance as defence in court . 
  just point to their certificate or attendance record . 
  `` he knew full well what he was doing is wrong , did it anyways . '', 
  they get 359 $ for food and entertainment , yes . 
  the legally mandated amount for a dignified life . 
  they recieve what the constitutional court ordered the german government to pay , which is not much . 
  with the current crisis , many asylum seekers are pretty much forced to stay in large center indefinitely . 
  what they recieve is what is considered necessary for a dignified existence . 
  forcing them to live in shantytowns goes against their constitutional right to dignity . 
  it would also ruin any chance they have at integrating in the society . 
  plus , it 's just not necessary , the cost for their housing is not that high . 
  work is an integration tool first and foremost , not a way to make these people miserable . 
  probably not , but if a community wants to provide these things , why not ? 
  they will recieve necessities ( housing , clothing , food ) and some cash or vouchers . 
  this means in the first few months a bed among hundreds in some holding center . 
  afterwards their free to find an appartment that the government will ( within strict cost rules ) pay for and their benefits will be increased to offset the added cost of providing for themsleves . 
  this is virtually impossible for them by now , meaning that they will stay in the centers for a longer time . 
  the appartments also usually favor families . 
  the german constitutional court ruled that everyone in germany has the right to a dignified existence , which this kind of money provides . 
  the benefits ca n't be cut or changed for political reasons , e.g. 
  to remove a pull-factor or the stop some nations individuals from coming . 
  i mean , `` fucked over '' is kind of up to definition , and long term these policies wo n't be sustained this way or cause any significant damage , but this is a pretty accurate description . 
  this crisis is a european problem , and we 'd all do better if we just accepted that . 
  these asylum seekers are here and sensible action , both financial and political , is needed . 
  the problem with changing these policies is the threat they mean to the eu as well . 
  in germany at least , the people who oppose immigration also largly oppose our eu spending or the eu as a whole . 
  that 's just wrong , plain and simple . 
  their origin does n't matter , if they are faced with a european border guard and say `` asylum '' , they will be taken in and their claim will be checked . 
  then you can start asking about turkey , the situation in their home country , their home country and region , etc. 
  we allow unrestricted refugees , not settling . 
  as refugees , they get what they need to survive , nothing more . 
  germany literally just hands out the legally required benefits , not a cent more . 
  regardless of where they are from , they still come in as refugees . 
  on paper they are not migrants . 
  as refugees , we 're required to protect them by international law . 
  this whole issue has nothing to do with migrants . 
  i find that video hilarious , how does he know how full or empty police holding cells are on any given night ? 
  i mean , their holding all of western sahara hostage , that 's not that great either . 
  what 's your point ? 
  they should have applied for asylum in the first safe country ? 
  well , yes . 
  that 's correct . 
  literally got in a six man brawl in a budapest night club half a year ago , there 's assholes everywhere .
