  when she helped orban out , after he asked for germany to let the people chanting `` germany , germany '' trough ? 
  show me how germany has the serious responsibilities , when everybody ignored greece and italy pleaded for help ? 
  also , who 's leading the charge into africa right now ? 
  who negotiated the turkey agreement ? 
  go on . 
  i 'm curious . 
  how did the cdu get information that many others , including entire governments , could n't get ? 
  does n't matter , really . 
  i can continue to give you examples of eu solidarity , you can continue to put your spin on it . 
  does n't change the basic texts of eu . 
  when migrants arrived in germany , many others had already dropped the ball when it came to registration and border protection . 
  these people were inside the eu . 
  something had to happen to them . 
  they were too many for one county to take care of , but that 's how it played out . 
  that is not in accordance with an ever closer union with the motto `` united in diversity '' . 
  the money asylum seekers get is determined by germanys highest court , tied to the german constitution . 
  there is no changing that . 
  besides , how would that help germany , forcing migrants to carry on ? 
  when they are in germany , many others already screwed up . 
  they are in europe and schengen . 
  they might as well stay in germany , which is large and rich . 
  they will have to be processed . 
  we ca n't all push them around . 
  just because it helped your country , does n't mean it 's a european solution . 
  in a european system , migrants would n't have a choice . 
  regardless of what perfectly legal measures germany took , the a10 are n't freed from their basic responsibility to help . 
  [ this is the text of agreement ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex:12003t/txt ) . 
  point me towards the paragraph that frees the new members from the ever closer union if their rights of movement are infringed upon , please . 
  beside all that : how could any of those countries justify the massive eu subsidies they took , if they feel there is no solidarity between them ? 
  if you 're going to continue believing that this crisis was solely a german responsibility , fine . 
  i 'm honestly tired of arguing that point every time . 
  regardless : there is no eu treaty that frees you from basic responsibilities to the ever closer eu and it 's members . 
  there is no provision freeing you because somebody , in your or your governments opinion made a mistake . 
  you . 
  must . 
  help . 
  that 's it . 
  we saved greece and built up ee because we must help . 
  there is no way out over `` we do n't want to '' or `` they made a mistake '' , there never was . 
  so even over your simplistic views of the crisis and your own self-determination , you and your country must help . 
  you 're gon na blame that on merkel too ? 
  everyone tried to avoid that responsibility , not just merkel . 
  there came a point at the beginning of 2015 at which she changed course , with everybody else still trying to avoid responsibility . 
  nobody had the political will to actually set up appropriate refugee camps in the conflict zones , do n't fool yourself . 
  european standards still apply in european camps . 
  it 's also political suicide to have european soldiers die while protecting foreign nationals . 
  western soldiers are a prime target for all kinds of terrorists . 
  long term , we risk being pressured by foreign nations : we 'd have to segregate or feed nations , if their leaders threaten to instead force them towards europe or kill them . 
  we ridicule the us for bringing democracy to the world . 
  imagine a nation or union that makes it its goal to bring human rights to the world . 
  you can say that in hindsight . 
  but had germany under merkel been the central player in closing off access to asylum seekers from southern europe and this ( at that point ) unproven theory was wrong , merkel would have dumped a million refugees on two unstable smaller economies closely tied to germanys own without any form of control . 
  that was never a risk she could take . 
  a european system would have included only properly registered people , obviously . 
  nobody would take anyone of us otherwise . 
  working illegally in germany and recieving no benefits probably is n't better than reciving benefits and integration elsewhere . 
  the problem so far , in the uncontrolled influx , was that the data from the border countries was incomplete or missing , meaning that people could apply for asylum and would n't be discovered . 
  that 's less likely if germany has in its database fingerprints , photos , information etc. , in which case people trying to defraud the system will be discovered more easily and penalties could be agreed upon between the two countries . 
  so what about us in germany then ? 
  we just continue to take an unspecified number while everyone else does nothing ? 
  on top of being central to measures across the world to decrease migration to europe ? 
  unless of course it 's hungarian migrants in the rest of europe . 
  especially if they send money back home . 
  why does someone so against foreigners get so much foreign eu-funding again ? 
  i mean , the very case is about making a police man toe the line . 
  i would n't put anything past them , should the initial accusation be true . 
  if those allegations are true , i would n't put it past the interior ministry to obscure evidence . 
  they 're already in deep shit , might as well double down and hope for the best . 
  many of todays migrants come from areas free from western influence for decades . 
  the price for an end to the migrant crisis . 
  most countries have a free trade deal on goods . 
  some may include services , but the complete package is n't available without some concessions . 
  well , germany is unintentionally doing that . 
  our restrictions on arms exports are so strict that many big military hardware producers join forces with foreign companies to have easier export rights . 
  yeah , but not the kind of trade agreements the uk needs . 
  nobody without free movement of people has as good a deal as the eea members . 
  i told you what i think is a fair solution to everyone . 
  if you do n't think quotas are fair , then what system is ? 
  one where ee continues to take subsidies and does nothing to help with this crisis ? 
  alright , who get 's the shitty end of the deal ? 
  who takes in three quarters of all the refugees ? 
  how about we do n't make it a fixed number , but rather define the quota by population and economic power instead , as was always suggested in the quota system . 
  the people who proposed the quota system had fairness in mind . 
  well what the fuck else is there ? 
  no quota , no coalition ? 
  do you just want to dump them on greece and tell them to go fuck themselves ? 
  because until somebody , who does n't agree with quotas or coalitions , takes it upon themselves to solve this problem outside our borders , that 's what the solution is . 
  the eu will keep trying quotas because it 's the principle : we share burdens . 
  quotas are the same thing as funds for infrastructure , science , environment and so on in poorer eu nations . 
  part of getting the benefits is getting the duties when necessary . 
  now it 's the rich and southern nations asking ee for help in return . 
  the war in southern libya is a war between factions . 
  there are hundreds of those all across libya , many of which are falling in line behind a government . 
  it 's not unlikely for some of the tuareg to pledge themselves to one of the governments in the future . 
  even if they do n't , southern libya wo n't matter much against a backdrop of northern unity . 
  this has been the strategy that eu foreign ministers have been pursuing for half a year now . 
  there is a unity government in libya , backed by the eu with a 100.000.00 . $ aid fund , that 's working on getting popular support and establishing control . 
  the current rescue missions in international waters are primed , prepared and briefed to immediately become the libyan coast guard , as soon as political stability in libya allows it . 
  but nobody wants to risk another civil war between the unity government , the western government , the eastern government and the many warlords . 
  so the longer we wait , the more stable our partner in libya will be .
