  does orban not have a staff that could fact check some things for him ? 
  like the fact that the weapons embargo is un imposed and it 's up to russia to lift it ? 
  which they will do , once the old national assembly recognizes the new government of national accord ? 
  which is precisely the issue his own western european partners in the un security council have been working on ? 
  or the fact that it 's stupid to support a rebel faction after the eu has equipped another group , the new un backed government , with 100 million $ ? 
  in the long run , we will have detention facilities in libya . 
  but not by invading it , rather on invitation by the libyan government . 
  the issue could be forced through today , but if the government that allows us in is then seen as pawns and no longer respected , we might have a second , even larger , isis involved civil war . 
  so every year we wait before pushing into libya increases our odds of longterm success . 
  we have a general problem we ca n't solve : neither of us can know what this vague proposal of offshore housing for refugees would look like . 
  there are two factors of influence here : the eu , germany , sweden who would very likely provide living conditions similar to the ones the poorest members of our societies would enjoy . 
  no breaches of human rights , oversight , opportunities and far reaching freedoms for refugees . 
  the minimum required human rights standards and then some . 
  v4 and its eastern european supporters . 
  they almost certainly would see this facility as a deterrent itself . 
  life by the standards of their own poorest , less oversight , less interest in making it a livable and comfortable place . 
  what we ca n't determine at this point is where we would in end up if this idea was made reality . 
  who would be the key policy makers on this island ? 
  after who 's ideas would it be built ? 
  as i 've expressed before , i believe the eu interpretation of human rights would be applied heavily . 
  in a pre-planned facility , not planned and constructed in a massive hurry as response to a crisis , this influence would be overwhelming . 
  but i can recognize where you 're coming from when you point out that we have had shortcomings in the treatment of refugees in eu member states . 
  ultimately , we 're fighting over a normative definition of human rights and their application in a vague construct , which ca n't lead to any concrete result either way . 
  right , but it is n't just a financial problem . 
  he has backed himself into a corner with his own voting population . 
  he ca n't suddenly go soft on refugees as long as they are away and justify spending money on them . 
  it would be political suicide to admit that he supports financial aid for refugees , without knowing how long or for how many . 
  it clearly looks like him being forced to pay all this money , or else the refugees return . 
  there 's a difference between the choice of ignorance , which , as your cited report indicates , applies to australia , and the impossibility , which you apply to our potential solution in the eu . 
  if we 're all choosing to ignore human rights , the same situation could arise here . 
  if we apply the same scrutiny we 've applied to hungary , greece etc. 
  for their treatment of refugees in a facility under full eu control , i see no reason why their treatment should be bad . 
  no national government in the way , just the eu standards seems like a potent influence in safeguarding human rights . 
  again , we fall back on an old point : island housing facilities have as much a relation to human rights as any government housing . 
  yes , it is possible that any living situation we provide is n't in line with human rights . 
  but it is similarly unlikely with our german social housing as it is with that island . 
  you know damn well that there are checks and balances , control institutions etc. 
  ensuring that european policemen act within the law . 
  why should these rules not count on that island ? 
  why would european policemen suddenly turn into massive abusers ? 
  do you think it 's just impossible that refugees could be cared for in a humane fashion without them being part of our society ? 
  clearly , this approach is n't concerned with the easiest way of caring for refugees . 
  it 's designed to remove them from european society . 
  you may consider that poistive or negative , but ease of care is n't of the essence here . 
  yes , that is precisely the solution : the eu , equipped with its many lawyers and judges and its own court of human rights can , will and in parts already has offered detailed rules !, 
  it is n't impossible to house refugees in a way that agrees with eu laws . 
  why is it impossible on an island ? 
  why is it a foregone conclusion that human rights abuses must occur on an island if refugees are housed there ? 
  i mean , according to that report , yes . 
  i still do n't see the fundamental problem with an housing refugees on an island without access to the eu mainland , tbh . 
  australia in its solution has problems with the things happening on the island , but that is n't the topic of discussion at this point . 
  it 's just about the legality of housing people on an island . 
  it 's fine to have this position . 
  everybody gets to have one . 
  but :  since then , hungary has erected fences , deployed armed personnel to monitor border entries , challenged an eu quota plan in court , and organized an oct. 2 referendum vote to ban the quota system from applying to hungary . 
  this is the problem . 
  orban an has his v4 block and is an eu member . 
  what 's he waiting for ? 
  lobby for an australian solution then !, 
  angela merkel is willing to fight everyone for quotas . 
  orban and his government apparently do n't even try , even if they could count on massive support from southern and eastern europe . 
  it does n't have to be a done deal within weeks , but begin submitting the idea to someone other than the press . 
  stops criticizing everyone else who tries to do work while you only offer shallow plans without concept behind them . 
  but he wo n't . 
  because neither the plan for aid to the me nor the island solution are actually in his interest . 
  why would orban make his country compete for eu funding with the middle east ? 
  would his citizens accept paying aid to refugees in the me , without time limit and in a fashion that actually deters them from coming here ? 
  because make no mistake , if we want to fund this problem away , the times of child labor , prostitution , 30 $ / month/person for food wo n't cut it any more . 
  if orban wants to deter refugees from coming , he needs to make life in the me camps seriously more comfortable . 
  it also does n't do anything about economic refugees . 
  about the island solution : refugees under eu control ? 
  with eu standards for housing , food , education , healthcare ? 
  according to eu rulings , these refugees would probably life more comfortable than people on welfare in hungary . 
  also , what about deportations ? 
  is orban going to invest his political capital to deport them from an eu institution ? 
  nobody says it 's ok for them , but if that 's our standard for complaints , we 'd never get anything done . 
  if your country is n't an eu country , there 's a good chance something is wrong with it from a democracy or human rights point of view . 
  we simply accept that their shifty and occasionally complain , but realize that it is n't really in our interest to be preaching saints . 
  but the criticism mainly stems from the facilities themselves , right ? 
  by now the eu has a massive catalog of rules and regulations about human rights appropriate housing . 
  an australia solution is n't about being inhumane , it 's about separate housing with equal quality . 
  better for the average consumer ? 
  all the rules culminate into : use your phone like you would at home . 
  that 's it . 
  it does n't get any simpler . 
  consumers do n't need to monitor time or consumption . 
  just use your phone like normal . 
  it is . 
  how so ? 
  it is what it claims to be . 
  it 's unrealistic to assume that new roaming regulations should be the same as complete liberalization of the mobile phone market . 
   but vague language in the current text is allowing critics of the deal to paint it as a threat to the quality of public services and the ability of governments to regulate in areas like environmental or labour standards . 
  yeah , just critics though . 
  companies are really ethical , they 'd never abuse vague language . 
  9.000 of 177.000 in the highest times is acceptable . 
  the problem with all these statistics from germany is that they include the high points from 2015 . 
  autumn 2015 was a time during which construction of any kind within weeks or days was required , by any means . 
  that 's where all those crazy personal and financial number erst come from . 
  by now their costs and engagement is massively scaled down . 
  nah , the greatest positions the csu should ever take is reasonable opposition to red-green dominance in the bundesrat .
