sorry , but i do feel like a research center that specifies in providing exact statistics about populations has a more significant knowledge of the topic than you do . 
  i think the definition of religion in this case is n't a citizens practiced belief , but rather the official government record on them . 
  but even if you 're right , just `` 42 % of the muslim population say suicide bombing and other forms of violence against civilian targets are at least rarely justified . '', 
  is absolutely terrifying . 
  this would n't be an acceptable level anywhere in the western world , regardless of actual population size . 
  42 % of a hundred sunni muslims is still 42 people that might , on occasion , agree with suicide bombing and other forms of violence against civilian targets . 
  that 's too many . 
  turkey absolutely has more than 100 sunni muslims , i 'm sure we can agree on that . 
  `` additionally , a majority of turkish muslims , who comprise 98 % of the population , say suicide bombing and other forms of violence against civilian targets are never justified ( 58 % ) . '', 
  that 's not a very large or comforting majority . 
  how does `` 42 % of the population say suicide bombing and other forms of violence against civilian targets are at least rarely justified . '', 
  sound ? 
  normally i 'd agree with you , but come on, 
  `` the trucks are expected to arrive at the polish-ukrainian border in the middle of next week . 
  the goods will then be loaded into the ukrainian vehicles , which will take them to five zones of eastern ukraine . '', 
  did you read the article ? 
  so , these sanctions are designed to divide the european countries , right ? 
  targeting a former eastern block country , to hopefully scare it into submisson again by using old ties , and then the country that already has many anti-european movements due to the debt crysis . 
  might just work , if the eu does n't stand together to bear this financial loss . 
  alright , i 'm sorry . 
  i assume this is going to end in us discussing semantics . 
  so , please expand first : what are , in your opinion , `` quite heavy protests '' ? 
  neither of those things are correct . 
  there is still an overwhelmingly positive attitude across town . 
  every time volunteers are searched , thousands show up . 
  there are no protests against immigrants , neither new nor old . 
  the borders were closed because munich is supposed to become one of three central hubs for redistributing immigrants , which means replanning the train schedules from the austrian border . 
  many trains departing from there are also sent directly to the host town in the future , releasing some of the pressure on munich . 
  this border closing is n't about keeping anyone out , it 's about regaining control over the situation and increasing efficiency . 
  it sort of is how representative democracy works . 
  a government gets elected based on it 's platform and the values contained within . 
  by electing somebody , we do n't just expect them to do what they promised but also to react to unforseen problems according to the values of their campaign . 
  i know reddit finds the idea ridiculous , but german politics on this issue is very much powered by our own promises about how we handle the past . 
  never again should people suffer under oppressive regimes . 
  never again will we look the other way while human beings suffer . 
  merkel is doing what is expected of her by a majority of germans . 
  well , when you say `` outside of germany '' , do you mean reddit ? 
  because both / r/europe and / r/worldnews have become very rightwing . 
  if you know german , visit / r/de , it 's very different there , opinionwise . 
  coal is very cheap , it 's still extracted in germany actually , which makes it cheaper than natural gas from russia as well . 
  one of the ruling parties is also the workers party , and they would lose half a million votes at least if they allowed this industry to be shut down . 
  so coal in germany is here to stay , i 'd say . 
  they have one emission : nuclear waste . 
  in a densely populated , health and safety conscious country , storing that is very difficult . 
  the site that was used until now , a former salt mine , was found to be leaking radiation , potentially threatening the ground water and whatnot . 
  the search is now underway for a new final storage facility . 
  the waste is expected to be stored safely at some point between 2095-2170 . 
  at a cost of 50-70 billion euros , half of which the government might have to pay . 
  those are pretty decent reasons , do n't you think ? 
  i live in munich , and honestly , i 'm fine . 
  public transport still works very well , the city government is not far ahead , but they always have accommodation for a couple thousand additional people planned . 
  the police has been reinforced by state police . 
  i 've seen more effort twice this tear already , first during a heavy storm in spring , then during the g7 summit . 
  this entire operation has just one bottleneck : housing . 
  the beds , the food , the workers are all available in decent amounts . 
  the only thing missing is roofs to put these people under . 
  but if the federal government agrees to open up it 's civil protection and military facilities , this influx could be handled a lot longer . 
  but this is very much about the fact that bavaria is incredibly conservative and the other states in germany are n't pulling any additional weight . 
  the bavarian government is making sure right now that they do n't get stuck in a seriously dire situation in the future . 
  our demographic does n't exactly point towards more young voters compared to the amount of senior citizens . 
  and cdu/csu absolutely has to maintain this position , or they will tear themselves apart . 
  with a legalized gay marriage , it 's not unreasonable to assume that they will have to split their voting block across a huge divide between religious hardliners against and moderate , left-leaning upperclassmen for gay marriage . 
  they can only loose . 
  but really , who 's gon na change their vote from cdu/csu just because of gay marriage ? 
  too many people choose their party on other issues , sometimes rightfully so . 
  well , manners help , but so do cheap weapon deliveries . 
  so , the corrupt government had one scheme that made their economy look good for joining the euro , which would also allow them to amass debt in epic proportions . 
  but they did n't use that scheme . 
  instead , they used another one , one that you still have n't pointed out to me ? 
  those were not your words . 
  how was the debt amassed , then ? 
  ok , interesting position . 
  can you offer an explanation where the debt came from instead ? 
  how was it forced upon greece ? 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/greek-debt-crisis-how-goldman-sachs-helped-greece-to-mask-its-true-debt-a-676634.html have you seriously never heard of this ? 
  you 're missing my point . 
  i understand how banks take risks when making investments . 
  they carefully examine why i need their money , design conditions based on my business prospects to get their money and interest , then give me a loan . 
  if i deliver them a fraudulent , faked or gamed business plan so good that it is n't caught , then the bank is n't at fault . 
  i have committed a crime . 
  `` obviously wo n't pay it back '' comes a little late , after using cooked books to convince everyone otherwise . 
  but this all started when the lenders were n't fully informed about what they got themselves into . 
  that was how this all started . 
  it 's like getting an investment with a faked business plan . 
  then you ca n't really blame the investors , can you ? 
  well , that 's disappointing . 
  have a good night , then . 
  it is different because that is not what he original comment says . 
  had / u/saturn _ vk had a flair from another country and then written `` roma are bad , just look at bulgaria '' then the appropriate equivalent would have been `` black people sure love crime , just look at chicago '' since he wrote `` even roma people do n't tolerate roma people . 
  they are always fighting among themselves around here . '', 
  your supressed minority equivalent would be `` black people love crime , i live in chicago and have had a numerous experiences with this phenomenon over a long period of time , even preceeding me . '', 
  all this is of course ignoring the gigantic and glaring cultural differences between the roma population in bulgaria and the black population in chicago , which seems pretty easy for you . 
  are all races you deem opressed exchangable ? 
  are they all the same to you ? 
  because looking at your comment history in this thread , you sure seem to think jews , blacks and roma are all the same , interchangable and in desperate need of your protection . 
  i am also curious : was that you who just earlier commented `` he makes a general statement about a race and then supports it by naming a specific instance . '' ? 
  sure sounds like the number of instances is a problem for you here . 
  `` black people sure love looting , i see it every day here in baltimore '' same problem as before : roma and black people in baltimore live fundamentally different . 
   maybe it 's a hundred , maybe all his neigbours have told him storys too . 
  it is not supported by a specific instance .
