  i will not spend my afternoon comparing the frequency of reports on asylum seekers and their tone , but can you point me to any event that , in your opinion , was n't properly visible in the second half of 2015 ? 
  spiegel tv , 2014 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8j4faqwipne, 
  so was the radio interview with dr. herles , what 's your point ? 
  well , it 's not quite such an open and shut case . 
  unless you believe in secret backchannel threats and a huge conspiracy , the only way politics can influence the zdf is the fernsehrat . 
  this institution gives reporting guidelines . 
  there is a strong representation of the government and parliament in it . 
  it has been kind of a dumping ground , similar to the eu institutions , for unwanted party members . 
  as such , it is often criticised for being to political . 
  but what herles actually says is that the chief editor is the one responsible for delivering an agenda . 
  and the spoken agenda is `` serve europe and the common good '' . 
  that is the only fact he provides , the rest is sort of vague accusations . 
  an agenda like this is n't pulled out of thin air , it has its origins in post war germany , when in some cases even an employment contract for cleaning ladies included `` dedication to rebuilding germany '' and `` striving for a better society '' . 
  within europe , it 's also not that uncommon . 
  almost every news organisation has a certain political bias , as is often discussed on this subreddit . 
  the british also complain about pro-immigration papers , as does / u/macrosolid in the comment below . 
  the strongest argument against what herles says , however , is that a quick look in the online archive definitely shows negative reporting about refugees . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.zdf.de/zdfmediathek/hauptnavigation/startseite#/beitrag/video/2661102/kinder-st%c3%bcrzen-aus-fl%c3%bcchtlingsunterkunft ) is a zdf story about the asylum seeker who threw his kids from a window . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.zdf.de/zdfmediathek#/beitrag/video/2658410/kriminelle-fl%c3%bcchtlinge-in-bremen ) is a zdf story about criminal asylum seekers in bremen . 
  talking about them being repeat offenders , violent , without papers , etc. 
  [ here ] ( http://www.zdf.de/zdfmediathek#/beitrag/video/2653078/kriminelle-fl%c3%bcchtlinge-im-visier ) is a zdf story about north-african criminals & refugees in cologne . 
  an it professor from a private school , for some reason declared expert on education , claims that using arabic and german in tandem would make germany a true immigration country and allow us to be key partners in upcoming political , cultural and economic changes in the region . 
  another more or less relevant industry person three years ago suggested something similar , also to take advantage of upcoming economic potential . 
  yeah , this is the germany i know . 
  almost always an economic angle . 
  germany is going to make billions rebuilding syria , with all the connections being made right now . 
  yeah , and if european border guards just shoot everyone who got near , we would n't have this problem either . 
  these scenarios are n't the same level of escalation , but they are equally unlikely . 
  this string of thoughts tears through multiple constitutions and thousands of laws all across europe . 
  if this is a legally sound policy in america , good for you . 
  but this contributes nothing to solving the european problems . 
  plus , none of what you wrote has any relation to refugees and asylum . 
  it talks about illegal immigration , which is a whole different ballgame . 
  that does n't contribute anything to the current situation . 
  the refugees are here now and need to be dealt with . 
  yes , maybe , but that is still gambling with the fate of a nation . 
  sweden and europe are the preferred destinations , but even greece is better than turkey . 
  if you 're right , the problem will be solved . 
  if you 're wrong , you 'll be condemning eleven million greeks to transforming their country into a giant refugee camp . 
  nobody in the german government would make that bet , which is why germany 's borders will stay open until the border with turkey is closed . 
  not if you factor in the additional costs for greece . 
  closing down borders would dump the whole problem on them and destroy a country that 's still an eu member . 
  thought the euro-rescue was expensive ? 
  wait for the price tag on an overwhelmed system and millions of refugees . 
  greece would be a failed state within months of schengen shutting down . 
  greece is restricted by the european court for human rights , so they 'll always lose in escalation against turkish border protection . 
  until the two collaborate , the border stays open and greece 's humanitarian crisis must be fought . 
  fighting that crisis has a 50 billion price tag . 
  i assume so , since this was they way morocco stopped deportations . 
  their embassy did n't assist in giving out papers for their citizens . 
  the single case system has also been reintroduced in germany , so every refugee has to prove his country of origin . 
  this is done with the help of translators and it is unlikely that a moroccan could fake his origin believably . 
   `` we need a sustainable , credible , complex solution ... we are asking the eu to speed up that process . '', 
  you are in the eu , what are you talking about ? 
  make some proposals then , participate , take some people in . 
  do n't just declare everything shit and then expect a magic eu solution that also respects your wishes of not having to participate in said solution . 
  i only have a german source , you 're going to have to trust google translate : http://de.reuters.com/article/deutschland-merkel-iddekcn0v80f2#top my translation of the last paragraph :  it was so important make this message ( return once the home country is safe ) clear , also stepping up deportations and the expansion of the list of safe countries of origin . 
  people would notice : `` rejection is rejection , acceptance is acceptance '' . 
  she ( merkel ) spoke with the moroccan king , and morocco has agreed to take back it 's citizens . 
  only if germany was consistent in these areas , it could offer the truly vulnerable protection . 
  morocco definitely will from now on , merkel announced that . 
  the others are n't difficult , morocco is the only one with any influence in the eu . 
  yes , they should integrate now and then leave once their home country is somewhat safe . 
  then turkey just floods europe with asylum seekers . 
  we ca n't threaten them . 
  honestly ? 
  because we 're cheap . 
  there was no need for anything like that in lybia or egypt . 
  so why bother this time ? 
  the european nations reduced funding for refugee camps because we just do n't care . 
  the worlds people do n't care enough to house and protect an entire nation . 
  do you honestly believe countries like hungary or poland would have spent billions on proper refugee camps ? 
  nearly no nation in europe cares about the people that are right here , we 're not even discussing the situation in marocco , lybia , jordan , turkey , etc. 
  there was never a deliberate decision to tackle this crisis like this :  instead , we tried to push them straight into our already established communities , as if that was going to magically solve the issue of integration all of the eu ignored greece and italy . 
  now that the refugees pour into central and nothern europe , we do what we can without preparation . 
  honestly , you ca n't blame our leader . 
  all of europe collectivley looked away , they did what we elected them to do . 
  yes , you can . 
  that is a huge problem we 're facing right now . 
  there is no job that a computer ca n't do sooner or later . 
  that 's why you already occasionally see posts about basic income . 
  we have no clue what will happen to all of us , but your boss is going to fire you and my boss is going to fire me once there 's a cheaper robot to do our jobs . 
  http://www.davincisurgery.com/ this system can do everything a human can . 
  the human surgeon is the brain behind the operation for now , that 's it . 
  http://time.com/3208716/ibm-watson-cancer/ this program can collect all the knowledge that you might ever need for any type of surgery , better and faster than a surgeon can . 
  the human surgeon just needs to sit in the middle of the two and be responsible . 
  for now . 
  robots may not have the creativity for now , but learning robots are a thing of the present . 
  they can also easily be the better testers and implementers . 
  compared to a human surgeon , a robot or robotic system can test new procedures faster and more precise . 
  robots are already a huge part of testing for reactions between drugs and other applications for drugs . 
  they can keep permanent watch over thousands of petri dishes , with perfect logging of results . 
  there will be a point in time where somebody invents a new material and ships it straight to a robot surgeon , who can trail every possible application . 
  robots are already faster and more precise than humans . 
  they also have room to improve . 
  a human surgeon can only do so much , at some point biology forbids him from becoming better . 
  technology does n't have those limitations . 
  can a human surgeon [ inject a cell with dna ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djh8am2diye ) ? 
  no , they need technology to assist them . 
  in that video , the most redundant part is the scientist operating the machine .
