  do n't ask my grandma though , she 'd have some choice words and stories about the gypsies to offer . 
  well you have n't met any . 
  the time of the current party leadership is n't over . 
  a contender for her post wo n't waste a whole term doing nothing and waiting . 
  and the cdu is n't a streamlined , top down party . 
  exchange with the members certainly happens . 
  but there is a difference between that dialog and the infighting others suffer from . 
  the cdu is a good , stable party that has led the government for many years now . 
  if other parties ca n't cope with being a junior partner to that , the cdu is n't at fault . 
  i 'm not going to get in a fight about what you perceive to be our current place in the world , or the function of the bailout or merkels politic in general . 
  the majority opinion simply does not agree with you . 
  it is n't merkels job to have a new chancellor in waiting at all times . 
  why should she create the rivalries and infighting plaguing many other parties when she has great chances to win the next election ? 
  it is n't a problem if they win elections with merkel , which they do . 
  and people can call her boring , a sleeping pill , tilting left , she still wins elections , keeps the country and economy stable and increases our global leadership role . 
  there is no reason for her to swoop low and get votes from people who think politics or the chancellorship are too boring . 
  by the way , just because someone called it an equal scandal does n't mean it is . 
  merkel had dinners and invited attendants to donate , which was afterwards and optional . 
  a 100 % spd owned business , on the other hand , solicited fees from attendants before the dinner , specifically making the connection clear : money for talks . 
  term limits have a point . 
  in presidential systems . 
  exclusively . 
  it 's a matter of political science , the voting system decides . 
  term limits are part of checks and balances . 
  they are applied depending on the voting system a country has . 
  a first-past-the-post system with direct election of president traditionally has a president and an opposing house of representatives . 
  they are both responsible for different policy areas and control each other 's through vetos and executive orders . 
  part of that control are term limits to ensure stability of power structure , so the president ca n't significantly influence the areas under his control over a long time . 
  a representative voting system without direct election does n't have two opposing sides , this system is more akin to a filter . 
  everything the government does is checked by parliament , which is closely connected to its base . 
  so the damage a long reining chancellor could cause is voided , because he is in all areas in constant check . 
  and i see no point at all in removing the 5 % hurdle . 
  i simply ca n't see the benefit . 
  a couple of decades are n't bad . 
  nobody can propose such a certain solution that a significant change is reasonable . 
  when it comes to generational fairness , the parliament government relationship , internal party politics : those are voter choices . 
  these things are n't a constitutional or legal necessity . 
  the people are n't too uneducated to not care . 
  the electorate chooses other issues . 
  these are n't indicators of a systematic errors , just the fact that people have different opinions and priorities . 
  the major difference between the spd and cdu scheme , by the way , was that money changed hands before access was possible at spd and money changed hands after access was possible with cdu . 
  that 's significant , which is why the stories did n't gain the same traction . 
  there is no viable alternative to merkel , but the system , the constitution or the people are n't to blame . 
  our system works . 
  peaceful transfer of power works . 
  the party system works . 
  the election system works . 
  people turn out to vote and are politically engaged . 
  the crisis is within our own parties . 
  there is no systematic obstacle to political success in germany . 
  but afd got caught vote-rigging , being ineffective and harboring extremist opinions . 
  spd got caught in their paid access to ministers scheme , positioned itself between climate change and the coal phase out and will have gabriel as a candidate for chancellor . 
  greens and the left are parading their infighting through the country . 
  that 's the problem , our parties are incompetent . 
  but cdu/csu and the last decades of history prove there is no problem with the party system . 
  the discussion about a cap are more or less pointless , csu simply opens up the discussion on more restrictive measures with this , subject to change after the next election . 
  foreigners coming to our country , taking our beer !, 
  come on , buddy , one more shot . 
  you 'll get a rise out of me , third one 's the charm . 
  i guess , it 's in line with fake news and the tendency to disregard scientific opinion on affairs of society . 
  there are a few problems that need to be solved with your proposal . 
  according to eu law , an asylum request needs to be processed . 
  if a government official ( like the ones operating eu vessels ) receives one , which can consist of just the word `` asylum '' , it must be processed . 
  even the swiss system takes 48 hours for that , with judges and lawyers involved . 
  eu nations take longer . 
  so we 'd need a ship that can house a court of law and lawyers , not just a deck where refugees barely fit . 
  a ship harboring refugees entering foreign waters needs to be allowed to do that . 
  it 's basic international law . 
  eu nations react within seconds of russia breaching their airspace . 
  that 's a very similar situation . 
  admittedly , libya currently ca n't defend their waters , but it 's still unprecedented . 
  it would be similar to trump actually going to iraq and taking the oil . 
  we would undermine the credibility of the un government we backed with 100 million euros . 
  we 'd make the situation way worse , there would n't be any government for the foreseeable future that would help us in stopping migration in any way . 
  even if there ever was , it would be actively opposed to us . 
  nobody wants a country harboring grudges against the eu just across the mediterranean . 
  this problem only grows more severe if the eu vessel actually lands and drops people of without the legal means to do so . 
  even russia was n't that brazen when they actually took over part of a foreign country . 
  that 's how severe it is . 
  the condemnations , loss of credibility and sanctions we 'd face globally for a short term solution to this problem are absolutely not worth it . 
  let 's ignore for a moment that regular patrols of coast guard , frontex and nato are happening . 
  how does this play out ? 
  a boat with people sets of in a country of origin . 
  it leaves the countrys regional waters , due to incompetence or willful ignorance . 
  once it enters international waters , it is in range for european patrol . 
  a european patrol comes upon the ship , which is n't seaworthy or already sinking . 
  international law obliges our patrol vessel to save these people , the same law that applied to the titanic for example . 
  this vessel now aims for the next possible port . 
  the country of origin refuses to let a ship with refugees land and would refuse them landfall . 
  but that does n't matter , because once the people are rescued , they can apply for asylum on board our vessel . 
  the full asylum process then has to happen . 
  that currently happens on the european mainland . 
  she certainly is n't paving the road for anyone to replace her , but that 's not how she got where she is today either . 
  i think it 's fair if she measures her eventual successor by her standards . 
  she was n't handed party leadership and the chance to run for chancellor either . 
  term limits are n't necessary for our chancellor because our parliament has control over her every decision . 
  so the additional popular control applies through members of parliament , who are elected to represent regions . 
  if she makes a decision influenced by her `` lack of connection '' , there is always a control element stopping her . 
  that element does n't exist in some policy areas in the us , which is why they need one . 
  i assume china 's reason is similar .
