  considering the prices for social services , the additional budget for the logistics and construction ca n't be that much . 
  a quick google search tells me that the queen mary 2 cost about 870 million $ to build . 
  compared to the 90 billion we 'll be spending over the next three years , i 'd say it 's worth a feasibility study . 
  yes , that is what greece needs to do , if those people have a valid case . 
  i do n't care what their future intentions are , what i 'm asking is : how does this newly funded greek border force work ? 
  what will they be able to do with more money ? 
  i think he meant eu facilities in third world countries . 
  does n't cost the anything , they just sell us a bunch of land where we build and maintain those facilities ourselves . 
  a sinking ship is found in greek waters , thanks to its billion euro coast guard . 
  international and eu law forces the greek coast guard to save as many victims as possible . 
  turkey refuses to allow that coast guard ship to land . 
  the coast guard ship returns to greece . 
  once arrived , all victims claim asylum . 
  greece is now required to process their request . 
  good thing greece got an upgraded naval force . 
  what does seal off mean ? 
  somebody is found by greek coast guard , in a ship wreck , in greek waters . 
  what happens now ? 
  i do n't know about that one . 
  there are specific rulings concerning the floor space etc. 
  that an asylum seeker receives . 
  is it a human right to have that space on solid ground ? 
  as long as the accommodation fulfills all the demands , it could work . 
  more of a stationary cruise ship facility . 
  100 % correct comment . 
  the euro amount of money an asylum seeker receives is tied to the national average income and the money a long term unemployed german receives . 
  using any reduction of this money to deter asylum seekers is unconstitutional . 
  this is based on the first article of the german constitution , which is unchangeable , backed by the most powerful constitutional court in the world . 
  i kind of disagree on the last point , libya : they wo n't control their own borders , they will get very generous assistance from the eu . 
  that 's why we in germany have this growing rethoric of military intervention to scale with our global influence . 
  the point in time for this is n't that far of , either . 
  libya has a decent chance to gain political unity in the near future . 
  you 're right , people way underestimate the kind of infrastructure required to house people according to the european definition of human rights . 
  first of all : others being stupid is no excuse not to help . 
  secondly : explain how it 's germanys fault . 
  ultimately , someone at the border nations created this disaster before anyone cared in germany . 
  please , explain how it 's all germanys fault . 
  somebody is yet to provide me with an article about merkel inviting refugees , will you be the first ? 
  no , but they were part of that whole ever closer union thing . 
  the funds are a show of solidarity that is n't being returned when the funder asks for help as well . 
  funds vs. refugees is n't the issue , but solidarity vs. solidarity . 
  that was the idea upon joining , help each other out . 
  yes , the refugees will be a burden , created by a failed european system . 
  what right does slovakia have to not help solve the crisis created by the union it is part of ? 
  why do others have to do all of it for them , while still giving them money under an ever closer union program ? 
  can you see how selfish that looks from a german perspective ? 
  how about this : if they want fom , they need to help the other fom members out in a time of need such as this one . 
  but why do slovaks get to decide which european nations have to carry the refugee burden ? 
  there is no strong obligation to help strangers , but what about their fellow union members , who have given them funds for years now ? 
  the other union members are asking them to help out . 
  why do slovaks get to refuse their help ? 
  right , let 's look into this . 
  the common narrative about improving un camps far away is very nice , but it does n't take the origins of this crisis into account . 
  people choose europe as a destination because the camps were lacking , for sure . 
  but way more important than that is the gigantic industry of people smuggling that now exists , especially since fleeing syrians were relatively wealthy . 
  the camps will never be as nice as asylum in europe , no matter the funding levels . 
  as long as the idea of a route to europe exists , able bodied people with the necessary money will make that trip . 
  we already are helping the countries hosting refugees , but the matter of the fact is it is not a priority for generous eu nations right now , since they have refugees on their own to deal with , and the ones not affected by the european crisis are n't interested in helping anyone anywhere . 
  we are doing that as much as possible . 
  but sea borders ca n't really be defended . 
  there are missions underway right now targeting specifically smugglers . 
  the eu and it 's members are doing what they can , which is n't much . 
  again , sea borders and lack of preparedness . 
  even after this crisis , nobody is willing to hand over the protection of their border to an eu entity , meaning the same nations that failed before refuse any help but additional funding . 
  3 b. i know that atleast in germany , applying government services unequally or withholding them to deter asylum seekers is unconstitutional . 
  3 c. just bring peace and prosperity to the rest of the world and solve the european unemployment problem ? 
  holy shit , how did nobody else think of that easy solution ? 
  it is , in fact , not . 
  there is no threshold of good or righteousness under which criticism is n't allowed . 
  north korea can criticize the us for human rights abuses , europe sure as shit can criticize turkey . 
  eu nations have spent millions and helped install a new , un backed government back in december . 
  just because the progress does n't make headlines , does n't mean it is n't there . 
  libyan governance is a diplomatic issue at this point . 
  it 's not even about the balls to strong-arm anyone . 
  it 's about short - vs. long-term planning . 
  the current libyan government is supported by the eu and un and is making some progress in securing tripolis and getting parliamentary approval . 
  strongarming them would destroy months of progress and deny all of us a stable partner across the sea for years , maybe decades . 
  sitting this one out with vetting processes , border controls deeper inside africa , advertising campaigns about the reality in europe etc. 
  is simply the better long term strategy . 
  no , frontex can definitely not do that . 
  they would like to and eu diplomats are working on allowing them to , but they ca n't at this point in time enter libya or libyan waters . 
  but europe is light-years ahead of tunisia in stability . 
  if we do n't want migrants , we can vote others into office , but our country and economy is n't in serious danger . 
  tunisia , who knows ? 
  but with eu and un help we set up a new government some months ago which is actually making some progress , declaring them failed and entering their waters would be a major setback to the long term political goal of a politically stable libya . 
  we could get small short term results in exchange for a permanent failed state right across the mediterranean . 
  that 's a terrible deal . 
  the eu already does , greece got half a billion earlier this year . 
  impossible . 
  well , again , we all have the means to properly keep track of people . 
  we can specifically set ourselves up to solve that problem . 
  it ca n't be impossible . 
  i understand what you 're saying about the foreign electorate , i really do . 
  but that ca n't really be an argument . 
  the same discussion would loom about germany , should the eu get into some kind of war . 
  every member has their objections to certain affairs , but it ca n't be an excuse in a time like this . 
  if they do n't want to do it for asylum seekers , they should do it for their fellow europeans . 
  alrigt , please expand . 
  how did merkel make this crisis worse ? 
  when she did n't create conditions for asylum seekers that were as hostile and inhumane as possible in the eu ?
