  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0d5e1c_qo0 ) is the mercedes video ad . 
  [ this ] ( https://electrek.files.wordpress.com/2016/07/mercedes-self-driving.jpg?quality=82&amp;strip=all&amp;strip=all ) is the print ad . 
  do they still exist in this world ? 
  yes . 
  are they still used by mercedes ? 
  they stopped using them both , before any legal action was taken or a proper investigation had even begun . 
  that is all they can do . 
  the german government is n't the only one that takes issue with the way tesla advertises , by the way . 
  [ california , home of tesla , does too ] ( http://www.autoguide.com/auto-news/2016/10/california-asks-tesla-to-stop-using-the-word-autopilot-in-ads.html ) . 
  i guess people in government do n't really agree with your apple and windows theory ? 
  finally : was [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/56lcfs/germany_conducting_inquiry_into_tesla_autopilot/d8kbvm6?st=iu32s95j&amp;sh=668822bc ) not you earlier ? 
  suddenly stopped having a problem with things not working as one assumes they would ? 
  what happened ? 
  well for now it is . 
  as the article states :  the final evaluation of the transport ministry concerning the autopilot functioning of tesla model s cars is not yet ready . 
  but it already is `` a considerable danger for traffic '' according to the report . 
  however this pans out , the mercedes and tesla cases are not comparable . 
  this is not the german government protecting scared german car makers as you insinuated , this is not an equal case of deceptive advertising . 
  mercedes had one advertisement clip and one print advertisement that made claims about autonomy which were then negated by the fine print . 
  this was potentially not allowed by the ftc . 
  as a result consumer and automotive groups called on the ftc to investigate those ads . 
  in response to that , mercedes pulled the video ad and changed the print ad . 
  this was a small infraction , over a system that is actually called drivepilot , as part of mercedes ' driver assistance package . 
  it was a false slogan for a reasonably named product that was changed immediately . 
  tesla also faced scrutiny , not over advertisement , but over the actual name of a feature in its car . 
  a system called autopilot which , as discussed elsewhere in the thread , does not do what it is supposed to do according to a dictionary . 
  in response to consumer complaints , tesla continues to argue that it 's use of the term autopilot is legitimate . 
  tesla does n't advertise , but the term autopilot is front and center to the company . 
  as a response , officials in california and germany are investigating tesla , with potentially devastating results . 
  this is two companies , making the same mistake at completely different scales , reacting in completely different ways . 
  one responsibly , one not . 
  that is not the advertisement that caused criticism . 
  this is a completely valid and legal advertisement . 
  really ? 
  i could n't find it anywhere earlier . 
  could you give me a link ? 
  german parliament literally expects atomic waste to be in its final storage space after the year 2100 . 
  that is not hyperbole , but a stated fact . 
  no , people are infringing on mercedes copyright after illegally uploading its intellectual property . 
  the commercial is no longer available via mercedes channels . 
  besides , an english language advertisement only found in not associated yt channels that has ambiguous language at best , with notes on the screen about the rules of `` what it means to be self-driven '' , for which the company has already been scrutinized , does in no way compare to features built into teslas today that are called autopilot . 
  there is a lever in that car with the description `` autopilot '' . 
  that is in no way on the same scale . 
  is there such a statement ? 
  it 's a natural balance german consumers strike between privacy and technology . 
  we 're not as a people put off by technology , german tinkerers were there long before other `` maker-movements '' . 
  but with current developments and the narrative surrounding them , i 'm put off too . 
  looking at modern tech companies , this silicon valley approach to having `` tech ninjas '' , changing the world , making it great , principles encompassing the whole world , publicity and events for everything , that is n't something we do . 
  just take tesla for example . 
  car-sharing is the future for tesla consumers , with privately owned and company vehicles in a fleet in every town . 
  guess who already owns car-sharing businesses , without much celebration . 
  the few tesla vehicles on the road send back data to improve self-driving . 
  guess who already owns a dedicated map-making company , specifically making lidar-maps in 45 countries , in addition to a few hundred thousand vehicles that will send back data like that as well in q1 2017 ( expected to rise to over a million by the end of 2017 ) . 
  germany is still the greatest developer of self-driving technologies , with more than half of all patents in that area coming from here . 
  yet if you looked on reddit or tech news , it 's as if tesla somehow has all these great ideas nobody thought of before . 
  the list goes on and on like that . 
  but it is n't something you hear about . 
  do n't confuse interest in technologies with obsession with technologies , and publicity about innovation with actual innovation . 
  they never did in germany or europe . 
  sure , as soon as mercedes releases this ad in germany . 
  which it did n't . 
  and wo n't . 
  compared to other cars with lane keeping etc. 
  tesla is very generous to the consumer . 
  later beeps and warnings . 
  for me personally , it 's not so much tesla , but the people all over reddit that celebrate tesla and elon musk in an often factually incorrect circlejerk . 
  tesla is an ok company , certainly interesting , but the way it is often portrayed as revolutionary compared to conservative german car makers who missed out on the next big thing because they 're stupid is ridiculous . 
  the most important : government trucks . 
  police , fire , ems , military ? 
  no way they would ever switch . 
  definitely not by 2030 . 
   the eu already has legal agreements governing deportations with 17 countries . 
  it is negotiating such deals with morocco and belarus , and is preparing for talks with several other countries , including algeria and tunisia . 
  just read the article . 
  tl , dr : every country gets shit on all the time . 
  we 're all just dickholes of the highest degrees . 
  first of all , i 'm impressed that you 're this informed about libya . 
  but let 's not confuse internal and external matters . 
  there are outside goals to be achieved and an outside roadmap to achieving them . 
  the entire issue for the eu is maintaining the two government parts in relative stability , to achieve legal standing for intervention . 
  so every single thing you say may be right . 
  misrata may be leaning far into islamism . 
  they may somehow be able to control the government they refuse to work with . 
  but there are simply put diplomats with large money bags and little restraints at work right now . 
  the two options here are , above all the internal bickering : assembly accepts our generous offers , ratifies government , all is well . 
  or they refuse our offers , are thus acting against the interests of their people and thus become an enemy of our free european value system , someone we do n't work with . 
  at the end of the day , from an eu point of view , it is purely a question of time until we can enforce some kind of governance in our favor . 
  there was never any picking sides . 
  russia declared that they would only lift the embargo when the two governments ratified each other . 
  plus the tripoli government replaced the now disbanded western government that was way closer to the muslim brotherhood . 
  so it was n't terrible to support a government that we could handpick with the help of the un council . 
  i 'll be the first to admit that they have a long way to go . 
  but the road map is layed out , haftar wants the militas , even the ones securing tripoli for the un , disarmed and he wants to retain a powerful position in the military . 
  those demands are n't impossible to fulfill . 
  i would n't worry about it too much at this point . 
  the government this minister belongs to only controls tripoli and is still fighting for hearts and minds in the country . 
  once his ( un-backed ) government is ratified by the old parliament in tobruk ( which is a whole other issue ) , he will have control over what remains of the libyan army and more popular support . 
  the un arms embargo will also be lifted . 
  the longer we in the eu wait for them to stabilize , the better our chances . 
  once libya has a stable government , they 'll come asking for money , resources etc.
