  because in all its years of progress , berlin has never been profitable . 
  the care in places like these , carefully pre-planned and designed , will certainly be adequate . 
  but no matter what , 160 teenagers are just going to be loud , no matter their background . 
  absolutely . 
  for a facility like this one , owned and operated by the government , there would be a massive research effort concerning every aspect of the construction . 
  energy efficiency , traffic impact , noise , etc. 
  some efforts to stop noise were already included in the project . 
  the city of munich removed basketball courts that would have faced that way during the planning stage in response to complaints . 
  they then hoped that the strip of trees between the facility and the houses would be enough to lower the noise levels to the satisfaction of citizens . 
  they hired their own experts , who made their own assessments and declared that the trees would n't be enough . 
  so , wall . 
  no , but they have advance noise assessments and will sue if action like this is n't taken . 
  there have been worse situations , where brand new kindergartens ca n't open because of an ongoing legal battle over noise . 
  this happens regularly in munich . 
  it 's in line with previous events like this : new kindergarten/school is built . 
  before move in , neighbors will have noise assessments made . 
  they will sue against the projected noise levels . 
  walls are built . 
  that couple was in the german media too . 
  they have n't applied for asylum in germany , so they 're forced to work illegally and recieve no government benefits . 
  how can they be more comfortable living in secret in germany ( with family or friends ) , with no language classes , integration classes or any other aid ? 
  it 's nice here , but not that nice . 
  current eu law states that after 18 months , they could apply for asylum again ( unless they 're caught in the meantime ) , but by that time , the dublin treaty is supposed to be changed to remove that limit anyways . 
  i get it , in some cases . 
  our social system is nicer . 
  but blindly buying into the idea of german greatness and mountains of cash is just stupid at this point , especially if they 're giving up a comfortable life for it . 
  it 's a self fulfilling prophecy at this point . 
  people will leave eastern europe , where they receive benefits , to come to germany , even if they get no government assistance here . 
  there was just recently a case with a couple from the baltics . 
  they wanted to go to germany , even if they received zero government support there . 
  but it 's still backwards compared to many others . 
  others had civil unions and upgraded to full marriage , why ca n't we ? 
  i would n't call it a flaw , it 's just a missing piece . 
  the minority dictatorship theory simply requires expansion in the form of two scientificly defined scales : the sizes of majority and minority as well as the interests of majority and minority . 
  along those two scales , any issue can be judged . 
  it either falls under minority dictatorship , as the author describes , or does n't , as you describe . 
  the theory is n't flawed itself , just incomplete . 
  that is pretty much correct . 
  how . 
  how are you getting that impression . 
  how is that even possible . 
  you 're right i mean asylum seekers and approved refugees . 
  but if i wrote that , somebody would complain that i 'm mixing economic refugees in with them , and they should n't be housed and fed . 
  ca n't win the battle of semantics . 
  because it takes years of diplomatic effort to maybe get the necessary results for deportation . 
  but migrants need to be fed or housed every single day during that time . 
  italy should n't be forced to pay billions for that on the vague promise that this problem would be solved at some point in the future . 
  the idea of the relocations was that migrants are shipped away from the areas where they are most concentrated to areas with more resources to house them . 
  some italian port needing to house 2300 migrants , after 100.000 + arrivals this year ? 
  probably not that easy . 
  all of hungary housing 2300 migrants ? 
  probably logistically doable . 
  except this strategy does n't fuck over greece or italy . 
  it 's a true european solution that protects every member . 
  merkel is the only example in the entire article for government leaders who pursue a similar strategy . 
  sweden and germany are n't some retarded meme countries , neither wants illegitimate or economic migrants . 
  there 's two things i 'm curious about . 
  what happens when renewable production is insufficient ? 
  say the average e-car owner in the netherlands needs an hour of charging each night and this system would eventually be overriden in the early morning to make sure every car is charged . 
  would n't there be a massive spike in demand an hour before rush hour ? 
  could n't that actually worsen the energy mix , since sudden spikes would require conventional power ? 
  about car-to-grid : is n't electricity a critical infrastructure ? 
  is it sensible to put a potentially vital part of your infrastructure into private hands without oversight ? 
  how would emergency crews react during a flood if part of the electrical grid literally drives away ? 
  interesting to hear . 
  perhaps i 've been a little too harsh , there 's not going to be any one reason for people 's actions . 
  but still , you learn something new every day . 
  well i was specifically responding to u/metailurus asking for someone to wake him up when the personal insults over brexit are over . 
  but in general , i 'm not sure this movement is going to reverse itself or die down . 
  i ca n't make an accurate prediction , but i would n't see why . 
  but look at the common factors between brexiters , trump and those many emerging right wing parties in europe . 
  none of them would do such a thing , not because of moral or ethical reasons , but because of the way their movements function . 
  for conservative , `` anti-pc '' parties , the shock value of violence may not be so great . 
  way more important , the other camp does n't matter enough to do that . 
  donald trump does n't send undercover rioters to a hillary rally because he does n't need to . 
  his supporters do n't need reports of violence at a clinton rally for them to consider her supporters blind , corrupt , stupid , misguided , hating america , etc. 
  all those trump ( brexit , ... ) supporters existed for years now , they consume their own newspapers , radio and television programs . 
  their facebook is filled with like minded people , their work is , their bar is . 
  they knowingly live in a bubble without caring . 
  why bother learning about the world and complex political affairs ? 
  why read different sources , research numbers and compare different sources ? 
  why be open and debate minded , maybe even forced to admit being wrong ? 
  in such a world , where cherry picked information is combined with ideology and spoon fed to you so easily , why confront different realities ? 
  people like that do n't care what happens at a clinton rally . 
  they care what some people say happens at a clinton rally . 
  looking at the way politics have shifted all across the western world , there may be no awakening . 
  i think the author 's wrong . 
  there are n't any scared leavers trying to stop the debate . 
  this is the way they will operate from now on . 
  not civil , reasonable or fact-based . 
  the mudslinging yelling of half truths is becoming more and more acceptable . 
  america has trump , germany has afd , you have brexit . 
  that 's how politics are now , and we 'll have to learn to adapt . 
  you expect merkel to make migrant policy for all of the eu ? 
  after she has to hear constant criticism and ridicule from everyone ? 
  are n't there like half a dozen different plugs for ev right now ? 
  could we maybe start of with a ruling on that ? 
  a lot of housing blocks in france ? 
  what about inner cities ? 
  to answer your question , the proportion of private parking to apartments in germany is definitely not great .
