  yes , but the basic idea behind asylum is : if you go back home , you will most likely die . 
  that 's why it 's a human right . 
  the alternative would have been what , send them back home , where these asylum seekers would have , per definition , died ? 
  sentence them to death by taliban , isis , assad for these crimes ? 
  they hold of thousands of people headed for spain , especially the two enclaves on african soil every day . 
  they have pretty huge power over spain and thus the eu as well . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  but we sounded like a popular movement to me . 
  i guess i read too much into your comment , sorry . 
  that 's not really it . 
  we did n't turn anything around . 
  we , surprisingly enough , have to thank our kings and nobility for that . 
  when the vatican and leaders by god 's grace started to discuss who get 's to name bishops was the beginning of the end . 
  that 's when political influence of the church was n't set in stone any more . 
  add centuries of power-hungry leaders and there was a sizable power next to the church . 
  fact of the matter is they arrived , but there is no reason that they would n't leave . 
  what makes you think that ? 
  there is no legal , historical or social precedent for indefinite stay . 
  that 's great , but for eu accession it 's semantics . 
  to become a eu member , you have to actively support your minorities . 
  involving any military capacity , against anyone closes that chapter pretty much immediately . 
  erdogan does n't get to pick and choose the minority groups he supports if he wants into the eu . 
  to me the whole accession talks are a sham . 
  turkey never had a real shot before erdogan took over the way he did , but now ? 
  with the attacks on independent press , dealings with isis , civil war with the kurds ? 
  eu leaders just tell erdogan anything for him to close his borders . 
  i am against accession for turkey as well . 
  this is what frontex and the eu are trying to replicate with turkey : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omqolxnqabi this strategy is working out quite well for spain . 
  i 'm not going to be a dick about your strategy . 
  i do n't have anything statisfying to offer either , although i am not worried about the current state of affairs in germany and do n't see refugees as a problem . 
  you yourself must see the huge logistical challenges , power transfers to the eu and international law breaches that come with it . 
  i do n't know if i can agree , honestly . 
  i personally think that this sentiment kind of ends at eu or western borders . 
  the state of refugee camps in the middle east , the continued drone strikes , the treatment of refugees in lybia , marocco or turkey for example . 
  i guess you 're right , active policy that causes discomfort or misfortune is harder to push through these days . 
  but i would n't say that applies to passive politics . 
  trying to fund problems away or just not working on them at all in the public eye is still quite common and fairly accepted . 
  we did do that after the balkan conflict was over . 
  it will happem again , once some stability returns to iraq , afghanistan , eritrea , syria , etc. 
  it is happening right now , for everyone who is n't allowed to stay . 
  of course , at this point in time , there are many people illegally staying in the country . 
  but the states are racing each other for the highest deportation numbers , the federal police grows , 2016 is n't special , but it is another step towards more deportations . 
  cut their benefits , evict them , then offer them a few thousand euros if they leave . 
  watch them turn up at the airports or be arrested sooner or later . 
  there is no magic to it . 
  absolutely not , syrians arrive as refugees . 
  turks can visit the eu without a visa , but they will still need to go through to old channels to study or work in the eu . 
  there are many treaties like this with other countries . 
  two different affairs entirely . 
  i 'd like to see us move away from interventions in general . 
  since wwii they have such a poor track record . 
  syria especially , i feel like directly intervening would 've been even worse than iraq or afghanistan . 
  it does n't matter how many there are , europe can handle both these numbers easily . 
  the money this crisis costs is peanuts compared to others that the eu went through . 
  for every refugee in germany right now , there are 82 people to teach them about germany , customs , culture , language , etc. 
  if you honestly believe that over the last twenty or so years the right-wing boogieman of political corectness has in any way had an significant influence on the political landscape , you need to look for opinions from somewhere outside of reddit , too . 
  germany is introducing a new checkbox on every crime report in 2016 : offender refugee ? 
  y/n [ the un and other powers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/syrian_civil_war_peace_process ) have been involved in this conflict in a major way for a long time now . 
  with russia defending it 's interests the russian way and the isis threat , it is in everyones interest to step these efforts up even more . 
  you 're right , all of them will be registered . 
  as you correctly said , this will happen in 2016 and onward . 
  same thing applies to deportations , though . 
  just because only 2 % were deported , does n't mean that there wo n't be more in 2016 , see [ here ] ( http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/fluechtlingskrise/rueckfuehrung-von-asylbewerbern-die-grosse-abschiebewelle-kommt-erst-noch-13978646.html ) . 
  the german government is working hard to catch up . 
  i am quite amused that you posted a comment in a thread with the title : '' [ 1.09 million refugees registered in germany in 2015 ] ( https://de.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3ysbgt/109_million_refugees_registered_in_germany_in_2015/ ) '' and still use your 1.5 million number there . 
  what you wrote on the family reunification might be true , but there is a more likely explaination : it is fucking difficult to do . 
  even syrians have to prove immediate danger to their family back home to take advantage of it . 
  the rules are quite strict . 
  you can only bring your spouse and children under 18 . 
  no parents ( unless you are under 18 ) , no children over 18 , no uncles/aunts/cousins . 
  you also have to have a stable job that earns you enough to provide for everyone you bring and room to house them . 
  no reunification if you 're on any government benefits . 
  the treaty with turkey will work , because erdogan can ask for essentially anything . 
  the western word has been ignoring a un mandate for forty years , because it would mean threatening marocco . 
  if your country houses refugees and closes its border to europe , you can do anything you like . 
  no sanctions , no support for minorities or the oppressed , just quiet financial support . 
  worked with gadaffi for decades . 
  you 'd make a compelling argument , if you would n't constantly write migrants . 
  regardless what you think , to the government they are refugees . 
  they do not get to stay here . 
  they will go back home . 
  the kids they have here will go back home . 
  the families they brought will go back home . 
  if they are forced to be homeless in syria , they will be sent back home . 
  if they must leave their region in syria , they will be sent back home . 
  there is no scenario in which these people stay here for more than , imo , a decade . 
  peace talks are starting in january . 
  a shoddy ceasefire is probably enough for most european nations to start sending people back . 
  their birthrates can be twenty kids per mother for all i care , all twenty will go back home . 
  even if they do n't speak a word of arabic and have never seen syria , they will be forced back . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i provided a recent example of exactly that happening . 
  * total asylum requests , jan-nov . 2015 : 425,000 * total arrivals : ~ 1,000,000 * accepted asylum claims : 45.8 % * family reunification for 2014 : multiplier of 1.07 ( for 100 migrants , 7 family members were accepted ) * tougher laws to reduce family reunification * bigger deoprtation programms in every state for 2016 * treaty with turkey to reduce arrivals , stop in sight there were 350.000 of them in germany in 1994 , from the balkans . 
  in 2001 , there were 19.227 from the region . 
  nobody is allowed to stay in germany to build a better life . 
  they are allowed to stay because they face death and prosecution in their home countries . 
  they are expected to build a better life for themselves , until they are sent back . 
  they recieve asylum in germany , they do not get the right to stay forever . 
  your `` trend '' is pulled out of thin air . 
  slovakia and austria are part of a pan european solution , erdogan sits behind a fence and behaves petty .
