  that 's the difference between the fences . 
  the difference between the fences is glaring . 
  the eu-members slovenia and austria built a fence to channel refugees and to make their processing easier . 
  hungary built a fence to keep everyone out . 
  you ca n't tell me that only hungary was so overwhelmed so quickly when every other nation has been managing and participating in this crisis for so long . 
  no eu leader had a solution at the beginning of the crisis , they just had a [ binding agreement ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/pages/49da0e466.html ) . 
  one hungary almost immediatly broke with building it ' fence . 
  a agreement so basic it is considered international law . 
  so yes , even when somebody offers no other solution , they can still declare that a fence is wrong . 
  right now , the eu is working hard on a solution to this crisis . 
  they are even working with every country , including hungary . 
  this crisis will be overcome , just like any other . 
  but look past the refugees . 
  the eu will continue to exist . 
  there will be an ever closer union . 
  do you think any diplomat or head of state will forget what orban did during this crisis ? 
  or the financial one before that ? 
  [ hungary ] ( http://english.eu.dk/en/faq/faq/net_contribution ) recieves money from the eu every year . 
  why would germany , contributing the most money every year , continue to allow that ? 
  or even work with hungary in general ? 
  this applies to the whole of eastern europe . 
  why include anybody who will always turn to themselves in a time of crisis ? 
  this is great for hungary right now . 
  but when the time comes , when hungary is forced to ask for help , what will the german leader remember ? 
   officials there now speculate about the political future of fellow eu leaders whose policies , they believe , invited chaos into europe 's borders . 
  chief among them is ms merkel . 
  says one hungarian official : `` she may have only weeks left . '' even better , watch it happening [ live ] ( https://de.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3x6t38/refugees_austria_threatens_eastern_european/ ) . 
  it 's fine to have a policy and to go through with it , but it is idiotic to gloat like that and talk badly about other eu leaders . 
  austria and germany might want to work with him if he had just built his fence and not taken any refugees , but taking cheap shots at them and their future because you feel right ? 
  that is terrible diplomacy long-term . 
  well , you 're free to feel however you like . 
  continue to have a happy life or something like that ? 
  these people stand in the ruins of their own lifes , regardless of wether they are at fault ( by being uninformed ) or not . 
  they stand in the middle of their supposed paradise and slowly realize that they will most likely be poor for the rest of their lifes . 
  that is sad , regardless of your stance on asylum . 
  it 's like somebody burning their house down . 
  no matter what started the fire , you feel sorry for them and sad with them . 
  that is certainly a hope many have , especially because it is the perfect mechanism to determine who needs to stay and who `` just '' came for a better live . 
  but i think people overestimate the freedom these refugees have . 
  there were 350.000 of them in germany in 1994 , from the balkans . 
  in 2001 , there were 19.227 from the region . 
  nobody is allowed to stay in germany to build a better life . 
  they are allowed to stay because they face death and prosecution in their home countries . 
  they are expected to build a better life for themselves , until they are sent back . 
  there were some heartbreaking stories from that time , children that only knew germany and primarily spoke german were sent back to a country they had never seen . 
  these days , too many people fail to realize that order will , in fact , prevail in germany and europe . 
  this example about immigration to the us is absolutely fascinating though . 
  i guess we never truly grow out of that human condition , even with so much information at our fingertips in the 21 . century . 
  i have seen it on a documentary , it should be one on [ this list ] ( http://www.zdf.de/zdfmediathek/kanaluebersicht/aktuellste/2472062#/kanaluebersicht/2472062 ) . 
  might take a while . 
  that is absolutly true , there is no branch of society left that does n't seek some form of profit out of these people . 
  for both left and right wing politicans it 's a great issue to use for profit , journalism these days is just filming refugees somewhere in europe on their journey and all the facilities needed are probably making some people very rich right now . 
  i honestly just do n't know what the best method to tackle this issue is . 
  i guess the people who actually get asylum do profit in the long term , though . 
  i think that 's half the problem . 
  yes , the traffickers tell them anything to get them on the boats , they 're criminals and make money that way . 
  but i think the asylum seekers that arrive here are also to blame . 
  some time ago i read an article about already rejected african migrants . 
  they are homeless , but they spend their days in romes expensive streets , taking photos of themselves acting like they are shopping at armani or boss . 
  similar in germany , they recieve a monthly payout of cash . 
  it is less money than the german government considers necessary to survive in germany , and yet , as a government official describes it : they collect their money , turn around , fan it out and take a photo to send home . 
  sadly , everybody is just happier lying to each other . 
  i 'd have a hard time admitting if i 'd made a mistake in for example my university major or a move to a new town . 
  giving up your complete life back home , putting every hope on europe ? 
  i can see that they would n't want to admit that they screwed themselves when they came here . 
  the people back home on the other hand probably are very willing to believe those lies . 
  there is a place where everything is good and my problems are solved ? 
  of course i cling to that believe to the point of delusion . 
  and there are all these pictures , my friends in europe rich with brand clothing and cash ? 
  only more proof . 
  literally anything . 
  we had a story recently in germany , many refugees arriving had seen a speech by angela merkel . 
  the subtitles had her asking for three million refugees by 2018 , to give all of them jobs . 
  never happened , but they arrive and are disappointed immediately . 
  this is a multi-million operation , they probably have some really professional stuff . 
  it 's sad that these people travel for weeks , only to be disappointed again and again . 
  so a very specific brand of social science , taught differently as an incubator for extremist views ? 
  i guess i 'm not familiar with the curriculum in those universities , so you might be right . 
  but the incubator should n't be the issue , if somebody feels oppressed , they will find a way to express that , with or without social science . 
  this is a social , not an academic problem . 
  that does prove my inital point though : there is no large social science group out there , policing policework or politics . 
  so this happens all over the world and just is n't videoed ? 
  but there are millions of social science teachers and students who do n't do these things , also because of social science . 
  i agree with you . 
  i 'm certain that i do n't have an unbiased view on every issue . 
  but i doubt that i am somehow missing a large group who advocate for police to not investigate as thoroughly in these communities as they normally would . 
  i absolutely did . 
  shit . 
  that was so outrageous that it literally made national news . 
  how is this in any way , shape or form relevant ? 
  it does not at all represent social studies . 
  the article literally states that the reason for lacking prosecution of honor killings is lack of training . 
  those are the scientific findings . 
  it says nothing about police being scared to offend somebody . 
  you 're just reading your own agenda into it . 
  what ? 
  where am i advocating for murder ? 
  you 're just reading what you want into my comment . 
  i want everyone of these criminals prosecuted and locked up , same as you . 
  but according to the article , these criminals are n't locked up and prosecuted for their crimes if police question a victims family .
