  that 's when we 'll build our camps . 
  we do n't need to rethink anything , but be honest with ourselves and apply the rules . 
  the system for proper asylum right now is ok , people specifically prosecuted by their government . 
  certainly better than tyranny that denies them a quiet life , as the article suggests . 
  in the short term , we need to find ways to apply the rules properly . 
  legitimate asylum seekers get asylum , while protection from war and unrest happens in neighboring countries or communities . 
  but fundamentally we need to realize : our power has its limits . 
  we do n't know how to reliably state build . 
  how to make peace , generate prosperity , grow democracy . 
  we ca n't protect everyone , not from war , not from hardship or abuse . 
  next to no one has our living standards . 
  so we need to refocus , realize that suffering is a part of our world . 
  then we need to find out which tools we have that actually work to change that and implement those . 
  the hard step is recognizing just how little influence we have in that regard . 
  you are talking to german people in ultimate privacy right now . 
  if morocco or libya truly decided to fuck us with migrants , we 'd be fucked . 
  they could actively invite migrants , let them travel into and through the country freely , let them depart from shore , offer them some food and water . 
  the numbers would explode . 
  i recommend this documentary : https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&amp;v=omqolxnqabi, 
  a private ship , entering in national waters without permission , trying to land without permission ? 
  those will be sunk , maybe not the first time , but the second or the third . 
  a government ship , entering national waters without permission , trying to land without permission ? 
  remember what happened to that us navy boat that accidently drifted into iranian waters ? 
  that 's what would happen to our soldiers . 
  do you think there 's one secret rubber boat facility somewhere in africa ? 
  africa , with its hundreds of resorts for tourists who use and buy rubber boats at the beach ? 
  just shut down an industry for an entire continent ? 
  even if we do know , there are legitimate legal reasons for some to stay and some nations of origin refuse to cooperate at any level , requiring massive diplomatic effort . 
  the reality of the situation is that we are changing the survival of the fittest lottery , but that takes time and effort . 
  many people would like a more violent resolution to our problem , at the cost of future cooperation . 
  yes it fucking does . 
  the un recognized government in tripoli , that the eu recently equipped with 100.000.000 $ . 
  once that government is ratified by the old parliament in misrata , the weapons embargo will be lifted , meaning european weapons and soldiers can be deployed to patrol the coasts and stabilize libya . 
  if that 's the metaphor you want to go with , then explain the two squad mates that are left outside of the fortifications by no fault of their own , who now have to fight the battle by themselves for everyone else . 
  all they get from behind fortifications are loud declarations that this situation is their own fault . 
  even if that is the case , any type of preferential hiring is an attempt to fix the result without recognizing the problem . 
  if women do n't hire qualified women , we need to ask ourselves why and not just make them hire qualified women . 
  there is a massive social problem at play if discrimination occurs , and artificially modifying the results of that problem does nothing to fix it . 
  but it is much easier to protest for percentage numbers and not reexamination of child care and education that leads to those problems . 
  i trust the car companies themselves to anonymize the data , but that insurance thing is really scary . 
  there are already programs in germany in which young drivers can use their smartphone to have their driving monitored by insurance companies to get reduced rates . 
  i absolutely hate the idea of car companies being forced to sell that data with my name on it . 
  they each host more than 100.000 . 
  failings in solidarity do n't preclude we from pointing out somebody else 's failings . 
  just as you can reasonably say that we countries did n't act with proper solidarity the entire time , so can flawed we countries point out that ee countries have even less solidarity towards their partners . 
  your political analysis is n't bad , but it shows how much ideals and expectations have shifted . 
  yes , quotas create a precedent that involves affairs out of eu control . 
  they ca n't be planned exactly . 
  but if the v4 do n't agree to quotas , the migrants do n't go away . 
  other countries are simply unjustly burdened by them . 
  and not just any countries , but countries they have pledged loyalty and assistance to . 
  the v4 do n't get anything in return for quotas , because they signed contracts a long time ago allowing the eu to impose quotas on them.here are those [ legal obligations ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-15-5597_en.htm ) . 
   what is the legal basis for the emergency relocation proposal ? 
  the legal basis is article 78 ( 3 ) of the treaty on the functioning of the european union ( tfeu ) which states that : '' in the event of one or more member states being confronted by an emergency situation characterised by a sudden inflow of nationals of third countries , the council , on a proposal from the commission , may adopt provisional measures for the benefit of the member state ( s ) concerned . 
  it shall act after consulting the european parliament '' . 
  this is n't western and northern europe asking them for help , it 's asking them to uphold these legal duties to their closest partner nations , duties many of them agreed to . 
  23 out of 28 countries have voted for the quotas , except for hungary , slovakia , romania and the czech republic . 
  democracy says majority wins . 
  right , how do they choose exactly ? 
  that 's not what i 'm saying at all . 
  the argument was about the better partner in the refugee crisis for southern europe . 
  whose strategy do they prefer ? 
  eastern or western ? 
  i 'd usually agree , but in this specific situation there really are only extreme options . 
  it 's the nature of coast guarding . 
  you save the people or you do n't . 
  are you making the argument that someone who refuses to recognize a crisis continually and refuses any support to the ones affected is a better partner than someone who recognizes the problem late and then proceeds to try and help ? 
  why do n't you check . 
  what do the greek and italian government say ? 
  who do they think is a better partner in this crisis ? 
  western or eastern europe ? 
  explain capable coastguard . 
  what does that capable coastguard do ? 
  that will happen in the future , but the relocation quotas are planned for the people that came before any such plans could be made . 
  it 's unrealistic to plan housing for an unknown number of people in the future , especially if greece and italy ca n't expect help from other eu nations . 
  come on , this discussion has happened a million times before . 
  what is a capable coastguard supposed to do ? 
  sink refugee boats ? 
  invade foreign waters ( war crime ) to drop them of where they started ? 
  push them back into international waters ( crime against humanity ) ? 
  saving them is all they can do . 
  we are n't in a situation to strong-arm turkey or morocco . 
  turkey should take a minority of the total number back , which is n't working well . 
  but everyone who arrived between the border closure with macedonia and the deal is permanently greeces responsibility . 
  as are the many refugees potentially being sent back through dublin procedures . 
  and the ones that stayed in greece and did n't travel on into the north . 
  at the end of the day , the greek population size and economic size are n't in line with the number of refugees they need to take care of . 
  no , it should help extinguish the fire if italy asks for help . 
  not tell italy they 're on their own because really , it 's their own fault for having forests . 
  do italy and greece get to pick how many refugees they house ? 
  no , they 're just fucked with the entire rest ? 
  oh great !, 
  flexible solidarity is fundamentally trust breaking . 
  nobody can know what help he will get in the future . 
  that 's the opposite of solidarity . 
   amadeu-antonio-stiftung there it is . 
  like clockwork . 
  he might not have been , but regardless : the time is n't right for a cooperation at this scale either . 
  this is n't a revolutionary idea , using libya , but we are in the process of slowly rebuilding a government there and establishing trust . 
  this is not a step we can currently take .
