  they break the law to protect each other . 
  to convict everyone of the crimes they have committed , police forces need additional training . 
  perhaps they will then know to question other witnesses and offer the testifying ones more protection , use listening devices and surveillance , police work like that . 
  exactly right , just look at the number of refugees that were taken in from the kosovo in the nineties . 
  [ there were 350.000 of them in germany in 1994 . 
  in 2001 , there were 19.227 . 
  the government is currently overwhelmed , but they are catching up fast with new regulations and quicker deportations . 
  do you have an example for that ? 
  i have never seen that before , to be honest . 
  among western europeans , the numbers that find cencorship of offensive content acceptable is shrinking , i believe . 
  you can believe what you want , but i do n't think you 're right on that one . 
  honestly , i 'll believe it when i see it . 
  are n't you proving yourself wrong ? 
  this is a huffington post article about honour-based violence . 
  it in no way offers excuses about cultural sensitivity or respect for others . 
  it is just a striaghtforward report on scientific findings . 
  if this is the worst british police have to face , they should be alright . 
   officers and staff did not always recognise `` indicators '' of honour violence and spoke to `` precisely the wrong type of person '' such as family or members who may be involved in the case , the report warned . 
  they did n't learn this specific environment of conservative muslim family structure . 
  it used to be western policemen for western families in western culture . 
  that has now changed . 
  i see how this is difficult for policemen . 
  in the end , it again comes down to the problem described here : the police is n't trained for these cases . 
  but nevertheless , i expect them to act in the fashion their job demands . 
  i 'm not really willing to offer anyone sympathy if his job is hard . 
  if it is well-documented that victims of such attacks sometimes end up taking the side of their abuser and todays policework is thoroughly documented , then how can these cases be career-threatening ? 
  i see where you are coming from , but has there been a specific case where police was on defense after such accusations ? 
  maybe there is a problem there , but have we ever seen it ? 
  muslims have been living in the uk for decades now , there is an established record of affairs without public outcries over `` racist police '' . 
  but has n't this been proven wrong enough times now ? 
  there was tania kambouri , xavier naidoo , some time ago sarrazin . 
  everytime voices from the entire political spectrum spoke , there was some heated debate , but it never became uncivil . 
  every time the overall picture in the press was n't hysteria , but reasonable reporting . 
  nobody stood without support . 
  yes , some people may become biased through reporting , but our media spectrum is more than large enough to accommodate pretty much every mainstream view . 
  i do n't understand , are you saying that the first world policemen are so spoiled and wimpy that they would rather not investigate crimes in oder to protect themselves from name calling ? 
  except it did n't , did it ? 
  where or who is this left ? 
  no newspaper advocates for this negligence , no political party , no foundation , no club , no church , maybe a few blogs in some corner of the internet . 
  the interesting thing about this article is that it never describes a real voice of opposition . 
  there is n't actually anybody relevant out there who advocates for this ignorance . 
  somehow everybody is just afraid of nothing . 
  but has that ever actually happened this way around ? 
  they were scapegoated by the media , jugeded by the court of public opinion and ( i hope ) lost their jobs over the rotherham scandal . 
  was there ever a case of police officers being attacked for doing their job in a muslim or otherwise minority environment ? 
  but do n't the criminals who commit these crimes actively go against tolerance , understanding and respect ? 
  it 's offensive to say it for some , others are protected through active police negligence while acting like it ? 
  just , no . 
  this is part of the reddit circlejerk about stem , but in reality , the absolute majority of social studies professors and students are very reasonable people who do n't care about these types of things . 
  social studies is n't `` current events & tumblr posts '' , it 's by definition a science , albeit less rigorous by it 's nature . 
  calling police or politicians racist has nothing to do with social studies . 
  according to the article , this is an issue of training within police forces . 
  but i do n't understand the fear of being called racist or culturally insensitive . 
  the political and media landscape do n't reflect that at all . 
  where is this group of people who actually believe that these crimes should be prosecuted and investigated based on cultural differences ? 
  these people exist , but they are n't represented in parliaments , organizations , newspapers . 
  there are n't even many of them !, 
  how do they hold such power ? 
  why are so many institutions scared of them ? 
  that is clearly a fringe group among liberals that nobody should care about . 
  why do so many ? 
  huh , interesting . 
  you were pretty right : http://www.hsph.harvard.edu/obesity-prevention-source/obesity-consequences/economic/ but then there is also this study from the netherlands : http://www.nytimes.com/2008/02/05/health/05iht-obese.1.9748884.html?_r=0 imo , the difference is wether obese people are a large enough group to require change in society . 
  if that happens , the cost will increase . 
  i 'm pretty sure that obese people actually produce less medical cost over their lifetime because they die so much sooner . 
  non of that expensive care over the last decades or two of life , they usually go quick and young . 
  but being intimidating or looking respectable is probably more important in average everyday police work . 
  if everybody laughs when they arrive , their work will get much harder . 
  i am actually uncertain what conditions are like in turkey and lebanon . 
  i believe that is an important point that could move this discussion along . 
  after some light reading : you might be right . 
  a situation similar to atleast turkish standards could be achieved in theory . 
  but , without wanting to be insulting towards turkey , i believe our european societies still provide some incentives , like safety from terror attacks , levels of consumer protection , quality of education , protection of civil rights and so forth . 
  there is also the problem of an established network of smugglers who spread propaganda and complete lies to get people to pay for a journey to europe . 
  combined with the situation we have already seen , of refugees skipping even over germany in search of better conditions in skandinavia , i have my doubts over the effectiveness of just a draw in conditions . 
  the months they spend waiting to be approved and their stay until they find a job and accomodation must basically be such hell that they would n't consider it . 
  that is winning the race , and that is unaccepable , cruel and inhumane . 
  i can see us have strong divides on `` rising to the challenge '' . 
  in my eyes , we are doing that by providing as many people as possible with a humane accomodation inside and outside europe and we are making future generations proud by standing by our values in the face of adversity . 
  i 'm fine with you thinking different , on the definition of desperate measures as well . 
  sorry , but removing all government incentives when there are already so many people here depending on them did to me sound like you were ready for a vast number of casualties . 
  the government gives them shelter , healthcare , food and everything they need to survive . 
  taking that away does mean being ready for them to die . 
  that is the harsh truth about removing them . 
  when it comes to the decisionmaking of refugees , i 'd like to refer to my former point : if they are driven by false promises and despair , it is a tall order to ask them to make rational decision . 
  the rational decision would be for every syrian to lay down his weapon and reason with everyone else , to build a country for everyone . 
  also does n't happen . 
  people are n't reasonable . 
  oh , good to know . 
  every european country is working very hard to do exactly that , send people without right to asylum back home . 
  the two problems with that are , imo : the long waiting period between the person leaving and returning to their home country . 
  this ca n't really be speed up , authorities are simply overwhelmed with the current influx . 
  the second problem is with their own reporting of the journey . 
  nobody will be sent back home and tell truthfully that they have wasted thousands of dollars and years of their life for nothing . 
  they will arrive with a few hundred euros and a suitcase full of clothes , which is less than they had to begin with , but looks like a lot more . 
  we ca n't really send them back with so little that they will starve in front of the airport either . 
  it is n't a solution to prop up human traffickers , but it would be insanity to start worldwide transports toward europe to destroy their business . 
  it also is n't a solution to not give benefits to someone who stands to be deported , if we do n't want them starving in our streets or turning to crime . 
  yes , those benefits should be as low as viable , and the deportation as fast as possible , but again , the situation is complicated by the mass influx . 
  really ?
