american healthcare is fantastic * if you can afford it * . 
  i have heard that in germany , tipping a server or similar person is considered offensive . 
  because it creates the impression of a master-peasant relationship , not two people of equal social standing . 
  is there any truth to that ? 
  regardless of the inhumanity of leaving people to die - how do you suppose the coast guard should determine if a lifeboat or a fishing boat is `` worthy '' of a rescue , or should be prevented from coming closer to the shore ? 
  sucks to be a black fisherman or a tourist on a botched sightseeing trip from an eu country then i guess ? 
  these are * changes * to the contribution to eu due to new more accurate economic data being available . 
  the old contributions were based on estimates , and now it was revised based on more actual data . 
  the total contribution to eu is still roughly proportional to each country 's gross national income . 
  most foreigners counted in that study must be people who moved ( or were moved ) here during the soviet era and their children , and decided to get a russian instead of estonian citizenship . 
  whether they are foreigners or locals with foreign citizenship is a more complex issue . 
  but it seems to me that tallinn is foreigner-friendly because everyone who moves here must have a really good reason for choosing tallinn . 
  if you are an economic migrant or asylum seeker , you would be much better off going to sweden , uk , italy or some other wealthier country depending on the languages you speak and the type of weather you like . 
  people who migrate to tallinn seem to have an interest in the culture or language , are looking to set up a business with little paperwork and low taxes , have an interesting job offer from a local tech company , or have family ties or a significant other from here . 
  i 'm still not sure what the difference between `` banned '' and `` not recognised '' is . 
  if the marriage law or whatever does not mention the gender of the participants , does not that by default allow gay marriage ? 
  skip the trains , how about pumping booze through the whole tunnel instead ? 
  the problem with this law is a misunderstanding what cookies are and what they do . 
  cookies do not by itself * collect data from you * . 
  cookies * store data in your browser * , and can even be used to improve privacy from the site operator . 
  the two most common types of data stored are : * your chosen language is stored in the browser , so that you do n't have to click on `` show in dutch '' on every page of a multi-language website , just once is enough . 
  * storing `` logged in as user woensdag333 '' , so that you do n't have to log in again on every page of a website with user accounts . 
  only that one website can set the cookie in your browser based on actions you already made on the site , and only that one website can read the value of the cookie on your next visit . 
  this usage makes the user experience better , but is no worse for privacy than not having cookies . 
  the website always knows and logs every link you click on , including the manual language choice and username that you type in . 
  cookies are not able to `` collect '' anything from you that you do n't send to the website yourself , it has no access at all to your browser . 
  the contents of the cookies is set by the website , not somehow extracted from your computer . 
  storing data locally in your browser can be actually more private than storing it as an user account on the server , since it is n't easily accessible in a database for analysis to the website admins . 
  now , there 's also a shady way to use cookies : use it to track one user across different websites , by a company running for example banner ads on other websites . 
  it sends you a cookie `` this is user 12345 '' on one website together with the banner ad , and when loading a banner ad on another website , it gets to know that you are still user 12345 . 
  for example , facebook does this on every site that has a `` like '' button , and they do n't give a shit about eu law anyway . 
  fortunately you can disable this in your browser settings under `` block third-party cookies '' . 
  but the problem is that the law makes no distinction of privacy-improving , privacy-neutral and privacy-reducing uses of cookies . 
  it just makes people waste time with a popup on every site that has a `` remember my username '' feature , and makes people stop caring about the bad uses of cookies . 
  it seems correct . 
  russian fishermen straying into estonian waters happens every few years , they are usually just fined a hundred euros or so . 
  i 'm not so sure - russian fishermen straying into estonian waters happens every few years . 
  usually they are released immediately after paying a few hundred euro fine . 
  the arrest could be more because they resisted the border guards than because of political reasons . 
  it 's not going to be a mini-switzerland or norway , but otherwise would there really be serious economic issues ? 
  there are plenty of similar small countries in europe that do just fine without having oil or lots of other natural resources : finland , belgium , denmark , etc. 
  hodor . 
  many of these people are not `` pro russian '' in the sense of cheering for putin 's empire-building wars . 
  they just speak the russian language , have some family ties there , and want to get away from the war . 
  besides , before the peace deal , there was a good chance that russia would continue its advance further into ukraine . 
  but ukraine would n't be stupid enough to try counter-invading russia . 
  so escaping the war by moving east rather than west was the obviously safer choice . 
  i do n't see how getting a visa counts as political recognition . 
  everyone already recognises that russia has control of crimea , and there is no chance at all for ukraine to get ever it back . 
  ( maybe it will declare independence in 20-50 years if things really go south in russia ? ), 
  but only russia and its allies recognise russia having a legal claim to crimea . 
  getting a visa or other practical matters wo n't change that . 
  how do you even split a port ? 
  by building two smaller ports ? 
  you can travel to * any * eu country tomorrow , stay there for three months , and then stay for as long as you like if you have found a job in three months . 
  no country should be `` difficult '' in the sense that you do n't need anyone 's permission , visa or a work permit - just being an eu citizen is enough . 
  some might have a bit more of paperwork to get a ni number and the like . 
  in terms of easiness , have a look at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english_language_in_europe#mediaviewer/file:knowledge_of_english_eu_map.svg and consider other languages that you might speak . 
  it will be a lot easier to move to a country where you can talk to the locals !, 
  this would be a surprisingly clever outcome for putin , more so than just annexing the region . 
  * russia would most likely keep a `` peacekeeping force '' in the region indefinitely , like it has for the last 20 years in [ tranistria ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transnistria ) , and keep moderate to complete political control over the region . 
  * people in the region will still have voting rights and political representation in ukraine as a whole , benefitting the pro-russian parties . 
  the rebels might also demand the regions having veto power over ukraine joining the eu or nato . 
  * ukraine , not russia will have to contribute to re-building everything destroyed in the war . 
  * and in the end , putin gets to present himself as the `` peace-maker who helped rebels fight for their autonomy and rights within ukraine '' . 
  edit : despite that , it seems like a reasonable deal if it will stop the war . 
  there 's no way ukraine can regain control of these regions without outside help which does n't seem to be coming , and keeping on fighting russia is a pointless waste of lives . 
  i do n't think i 've seen anyone being actually * pro-war * , or suggesting attacking russia . 
  nobody would have a problem with russia if they actually stayed in russia , instead of `` accidentally crossing the border '' into other independent european countries . 
  the furthest suggestion i 've seen here is providing financial and equipment support to ukraine in addition to sanctions , so that they would have a better chance at convincing putin to pull his forces out of ukraine . 
  us forces that were recently deployed to eastern european nato members are similarly welcome because they reduce the risk of war . 
  it makes it less likely for russia to troll these countries with more accidentally lost troops , and grievances are solved with political meetings instead . 
  if there 's a budget issue , then perhaps embassies in far-away countries might actually be more useful than within other eu countries ? 
  the diplomats might meet in brussels anyway , and if a hungarian loses their passport in estonia they can still just take a bus home . 
  is there any news that it is any sort of `` rift '' ? 
  maybe since both are in the eu and nato , an embassy is less necessary . 
  you do n't need to issue visas , and diplomats might meet in brussels all the time anyway . 
  they won eurovision once , should n't that come with an eu-invite ? 
  i think it 's not shale oil , but transit of oil from russia to abroad . 
  it would be interesting to see a map showing export - imports . 
  it 's more than being the court joker . 
  zhirinovsky is great for testing the russians opinion on ideas that putin would not want to commit to at first . 
  he makes outrageous proposals in the media , and the actual leaders observe the public opinion . 
  if the population approves , putin can announce a similar policy , and if not , it 's `` just a crazy old man speaking '' . 
  the article was written for the audience of silicon valley friends of the author , who know nothing at all about the internal politics of russia , not `` the choir '' . 
  and even though some of the facts might be familiar to europeans , reading about their interpretation and opinions is always insightful . 
  as for solutions , i do n't think * anyone * has a viable plan for reducing corruption or improving democracy in russia as long as the same people stay in power there . 
  i ca n't speak for the author , but i would guess that his proposed solutions would be : * pass http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/startup_visa in us congress , * increase http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/h-1b_visa quotas in the us , * similar approaches in other western countries ( the author recommends this for ukraine ) , all of which help the skilled `` creative class '' that the author mentions to emigrate from russia . 
  unlike `` fixing corruption in russia '' , it 's a solution that can be implemented in just a few years . 
  or set up a tent in the parking lot of the science institute , and assemble it there ? 
   why should france lose 1.2 b when the germans ( and others of course ) do n't want to sacrifice anything ? 
  it 's not just about an economic hit to russia ( and france ) . 
  these warships are modern amphibious assault & helicopter carriers . 
  their delivery will greatly improve russia 's ability to deploy a tank battalion , a helicopter fleet , or half a thousand `` pro-russian rebels '' to anywhere near the black , mediterranean and baltic seas . 
  these ships would have been * perfect * for a faster takeover of crimea , and will be perfect if they decide to expand their influence to russian-speaking southern parts of ukraine , for example odessa . 
  if france was selling them 1.2 b of wine or cheese , it would not be a big deal . 
  but those ships are not just generic military equipment , they are something that russia does n't have at the moment , and will greatly benefit from in their current strategy . 
  yes , exactly . 
  that was the unexpected development , and i guess most airlines had not adjusted their policies accordingly . 
   do n't be surprised if we never find out who launched that missile and under whose orders .
