   electricity : 250 $  car : 460 $ both of these seem high . 
  are you leasing a tesla or something ? 
  getting a working visa for the u.s. is surprisingly difficult and slow , regardless if you are from poland or france . 
  there are basically 4 options : * get a company to sponsor you as a special skilled person they can not find at all in the u.s. 
  there 's a yearly visa cap that gets filled in a few hours or days , it costs the company a few tens of thousands , and takes over a year . 
  unless google/microsoft/etc * really * wants you , it 's unlikely to work . 
  * work for 2-3 years at an overseas branch of an u.s. company , then do an internal transfer . 
  about the same as the first option , but ( maybe ) a bit easier . 
  still needs a multinational with offices in europe to sponsor you . 
  * invest $ 1 million in a u.s. company . 
  * be a nobel prize winner , olympics athlete , or similarly `` world-renowned '' person . 
  just having a valuable skill and a degree from a great university , and having a job offer from a cool small startup is not enough . 
  something i 've wondered : why is exiting the euro tied to exiting the eu ? 
  there are plenty of countries in eu that do n't use the euro . 
  and using some other currency does n't seem to be that related to freedom of movement , electrical safety regulations , or most other things that the eu manages . 
   your governments and institutions are fucking up the greek economy through a mixture of blind ideology , incompetence ( see : imf reform projections vs reality ) , and maliciousness , and now they are determined to continue with them despite their failure already . 
  i do n't disagree on that the imf and eu economic plans for greece have been terrible - but does * anyone * actually have any other reasonable plan ? 
  something that would have at least 80 % certainty in returning the greek economy to growth , and grow its government tax income to be larger than its expenses and interest on loans in a couple of years ? 
  because if not , then any plan is just delaying the inevitable default . 
  i think it 's the opposite - having coalitions is fantastic . 
  if a single party gains full control of the parliament , then sure , they will be `` efficient '' ... in steamrolling all policy changes . 
  decisions are made by a few leaders in `` party headquarters '' instead of the parliament . 
  coalitions ensure that the largest party has to debate and negotiate with a few others before being able to pass laws , and as a result ensures that these laws are a compromise that represents more of the actual voters . 
  if they can not reach a compromise on an important issue , then perhaps it 's best that they * can not * address it alone . 
   estonia did it when obama visited . 
  i never understood what the point of that was . 
  it was for three days , and they announced it in the newspapers weeks before . 
  if someone `` unruly '' wanted to come over to cause problems , then surely they could arrive a few days earlier ? 
  what about us ? 
  ... just `` exit '' ? 
  sure , and the people in tallinn do n't need a supercharger near their home . 
  they would be leaving home with a full battery , and need to recharge on the road when driving through latvia-lithuania-poland-etc . 
  so p\u00e4rnu is a good spot for it . 
  -- michael scott, 
  i 'm expecting a new polandball meme any minute now . 
  i agree , splitting up the grid companies from energy production companies makes sense . 
  but the main issue is still that for the grid and large-scale energy production , the costs are mostly based on maximum possible peak demand , not actual demand . 
  you need to build the grid to support the maximum peak demand in the future , and you need to build and maintain enough power stations to handle maximum peak demand . 
  having blackouts because of unexpected high demand is n't really acceptable in first-world countries . 
  and this `` future '' means a 20-50 year time span - a company building a new coal or nuclear plant would need to sign up customers on a 20 + year contracts for their future peak demand , unless they want to gamble on changes in energy markets . 
  we have the grid and producers split in estonia since last year , but looking at my last month 's bill , it was 36 eur for electricity used and 1 eur for `` amperage fee '' ( = connection fee based on the size of the main circuit breaker , which determines the peak possible usage ) . 
  this pricing clearly does n't match the actual costs of either the grid or the producers . 
  my understanding has been that utilities are upset at home generation / dumping because the pricing models for electricity is wildly different from the actual costs . 
  the main costs are : * building and maintaining the grid and the power stations , * keeping small power stations ( gas , etc ) ready at a minute 's notice to increase output to match real-time demand . 
  on the other hand , generating a kwh from a big base load power station ( coal , nuclear , etc ) does n't cost much at all . 
  so the utilities ' costs are mostly fixed and relate to how much power people * could * use , but not really related to how much power they are * actually * using . 
  people rarely realise that the main service is the * ability * to use electricity , not the actual electricity delivered . 
  but currently the pricing is mostly the opposite : low grid connection fees , high fees per kwh actually used . 
  this is both to discourage wasting energy , and to subsidise small less wealthy customers ( small homes ) by the bigger more stable customers ( factories , offices , etc ) . 
  so as people start using more and more self-generation and batteries , something will have to change in the pricing to get it to be closer to the actual costs . 
  but greatly increasing the grid connection price would upset a lot of small home customers , and perhaps also speed up the conversion to self-generation . 
  unfortunately i do n't think running out of money will stop them . 
  is n't greece so militarised just to prepare for a conflict with turkey , a fellow nato member ? 
  my best guess is that if estonia had invoked article 5 , or does so in the future , then the response will be to station more nato personnel and equipment in estonia , and respond to any russian forces crossing the border within estonia only . 
  nobody is going to be crazy enough to cross the border into russia or retaliate across the border . 
  and * nobody should * , because that 's how you start ww3 . 
  so if it was used after kohver , i think it would have been similar - increase troop numbers as deterrent for future crap , but do n't actually do anything in response . 
  this was discussed in the media when kohver was taken . 
  the president said that since he was taken by russian fsb ( civilian security police ) not the military , it will be treated as a crime of kidnapping instead of a military attack . 
  i guess they do n't want to `` cry wolf '' over one dude , and save it in case something more serious happens . 
  besides , there is n't really anything that nato forces could do to help kohver , short of marching into russia to release him from prison ? 
  if he 's getting out , then it 's going to be either due to political pressure , or a cold-war style spy trade . 
  obviously not , the average ukrainian was much better off before . 
  but i do n't think there is anything useful to * learn * from that fact . 
  should they have stayed quiet and done nothing , on the chance that `` maybe if we remove the super-corrupt pro-russian leader , then russia will invade and destroy our economy '' ? 
  i have n't even installed most of my steam games . 
  i play the `` level up steam library during sales '' metagame . 
  there are some people who still on hold to the idea that the only valid border treaty is the one signed in 1920 after wwi and war of independence , which assigned those areas to estonia . 
  in practice estonian border is at where it ended up after re-independence , and those areas are obviously gone forever . 
  there is no active dispute about the border between the governments . 
  last i know there is a new treaty in the works to accept the re-independence border as the official one , but it has been dragging on for years since every year one government or the other refuses to go forward to make some sort of political statement . 
  kohver was captured on the current border . 
  on the estonian side of it according to both estonian and russian border patrol who visited the site together a few hours after the incident . 
  sure , the rule about no editorialising is probably applied strictly because of the same reason - not enough mods to make good subjective decisions on what 's useful extra information and what 's editorialising . 
  but the proposal is to update the rule to match what the mods are actually doing , so that users know to copy titles directly . 
  this should take 10 seconds and actually decrease the moderation effort . 
  they are not actually allowed to be funny , or waste time on making compliments . 
  the guidelines for the points presenters from eurovision are strict about being very succinct and fast , yet some of them still try to be original . 
  but hearing `` fantastic show tonight '' for the 40th time gets really tedious . 
  i liked estonia 's and portugal 's `` let 's disconnect the live feed mid-call '' joke though . 
  it would be funnier if every country was given a random european language to sing in . 
   honestly i started thinking about if anything in estonia past or present would qualify but could n't think of anything . 
  mobster groups and wars were a big thing in the early 90 's , that certainly qualifies . 
  but it seems to have been cleaned up at least 15 years ago . 
   for example my cousin married ukrainian women several years ago - they both studied in lublin . 
  both of the women ? 
  we 'll accept you as a replacement if uk leaves . 
  you are already in eurovision , which is 90 % of the way . 
   likening eastern europe or russia to some third world countries is incredibly misinformed . 
  absolutely , it 's supposed to be the * second * world , at least one better than third world :p http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_world, 
   once you start fining people differently , it opens the door for corruption inside the government . 
  well , the finnish income-based fines have been in place for decades , and it 's still the 3rd least corrupt country in the world . 
  your fears of different fines breeding corruption do not seem to be justified , at least in an already non-corrupt country . 
  threat of `` if you do n't return , we wo n't let any other british on holiday from the pow camp any more '' then ? 
  internet * is * the most important poop luxury . 
  upvoted for commenting in both your native language and english . 
  group cleanup campaigns are of course a common old thing . 
  i do n't really know about events elsewhere , but teeme \u00c4ra 2008 was a significant change in estonia for two reasons : * it was significantly bigger than the previous ones - usually the cleanups were very local , a village or city block doing their own thing whenever , this time they got 4 % of the entire population to show up on one day . 
  * better organization and software . 
  they made a web-based map and mobile app , where people could location-tag waste for a while before the event , and then directed the volunteers , trucks and effort based on the data .
