  if it was a pro-russian rebel fuckup as it seems to be , i hope that * putin and fsb * will find out who launched that missile . 
  and they will be very unhappy at the political fallout they have created for russia . 
  even if * we * never find out who launched it , their fate will be much worse than being brought to trial . 
  well , you need [ serious hardware ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/buk_missile_system#mediaviewer/file:buk-m1-2_air_defence_system_in_2010.jpg ) or fighter jets to shoot planes at 10km height . 
  shoulder-fired missiles that rebels might have in conflict zones around the world do n't reach even half of that height . 
  it was assumed that such systems are only accessible to government military forces , who are also competent enough to distinguish civilian and military targets , so in theory flying high over ukraine , iraq , afganistan , etc was believed to be safe . 
  who 's slow now ? 
  if it 's not obvious , that 's a parody sketch of him and his party . 
  not anywhere close to berlusconi . 
  all big media channels are mostly independent , and rather critical of him . 
  so he started his own tallinn tv channel and a few newspapers instead . 
   these would be mostly seen as a joke , if they were n't being fully funded by tallinn taxpayers as a `` city information channel '' . 
  despite his suspicious deals with putin 's party and popularity among russian voters , i think `` our berlusconi '' is a better fit than `` our putin '' . 
  widespread but ( until now ) unproven corruption , hiring young women as `` assistants '' , and political scandal every year for 20 + years , but somehow he still stays in politics and popular among his loyal voters . 
  eastern europe does n't have to look that far . 
  the soviet union forcibly migrated large numbers of russian workers to the eastern european countries , in an attempt to `` unify '' the culture and language of the union . 
  regardless of whether the countries want to accept refugees/migrants or not , eu demanding to accept them will be met with extreme hostility . 
  we should hire these guys as consultants : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/2975934/smugglers-built-vodka-pipeline.html, 
  he was absolutely a spy . 
  he was a senior official at our internal security service . 
  he was involved with counter-intelligence ( catching russian spies in estonia ) , and got a medal for classified services to the country back in 2010 . 
  when he was kidnapped , he was in the middle of a forest near the border - it 's speculated that he was there to meet with an informant he had recruited from russia . 
  this is really what all security agencies in the world do . 
  but the dispute is about the location , and therefore the legality of the capture . 
  if it happened on the russian side , then sure , russian law applies and he can be convicted . 
  but estonia claims that he was kidnapped from the estonian side of the border , not much different than russia kidnapping nsa employees from virginia or mi5 employees from london . 
  when the news first broke last year , then some estonian and russian border guards visited the location together , and agreed that the signs of struggle and smoke grenades were on the estonian side . 
  later that day the russian border guards refused further comments though . 
  `` a ton '' is greatly overstating it . 
  there are a few who were caught and jailed for spying ( including the former head of our defense ministry security clearance department ... ) . 
  but they are all locals who passed info to the russians for money , not russian operatives themselves . 
  now that they have been caught , they are of no value to russia , and they are n't part of their military or security forces who would want their `` own guys '' back home . 
  the proposed cross flags look nicer than the current one , but changing a flag just because of `` good branding '' seems somehow tacky . 
  this infographic is visually misleading , the numbers match the * sides * of the squares , not the * area * of the squares . 
  it 's a joke on the recent ( 10-15 year ) trend of naming children with foreign names bastardised by adding random vowels . 
  newspapers used to print a list of `` top 10 weirdest new names '' every month , until the data protection agency told them to stop because it might hurt the kids feelings . 
  i used to be registered as self-employed in the uk , and they do the same . 
  for example , the tax year there runs april-april , and has to be filed by next january . 
  so for example for the april 2014 - april 2015 tax paperwork and final payments are due by january 2016 . 
  but if you are self-employed for more than one year , then they estimate your * current * year 's income based on the previous one , and make you pay tax for it in portions every 3-6 months . 
  and by next january , you file the complete tax paperwork , and either pay extra or get a refund on the difference between estimated and actual accurate tax liability . 
  you 're not * pre - * paying for the next year ... if the estimates are accurate , then you are paying tax approximately at the same time while you 're earning the income that it 's based on . 
  my guess is that this is done mainly to avoid self-employed people who forget to set aside a proportion of their income for tax , and become unable to pay it at the end of the year . 
  you can opt out of paying during the year in portions , if you believe that the next year 's income will be lower than the previous ( so the estimate would be an overestimate ) . 
  a couple of hours after he was abducted , both estonian and russian border guards visited the location together , and agreed that the signs of struggle were on the estonian side of the border . 
  but later that day the russian border guards refused to give any more comments . 
  i guess they were not aware of the fsb operation , and accidentally confirmed something against the `` official russian story '' ? 
  what about posters saying that britain is great ? 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-15019587 sounds like dangerous extremism to me !, 
   i do n't quite understand why the uk is being dragged into this situation , other than it is the preferred destination of these migrants currently the passport checks for the channel crossings are set up in an unusal way , where both exit and entry requirements are checked before boarding the transport . 
  usually each country handles their own entry or exit checks only . 
  france could get rid of having uk entry passport and visa checks in france - and it could allow anyone to exit france ( since their further destination is not their concern ) . 
  then the migrants would get on ferries , arrive in dover , will refuse to get on the ferry back , and generally become the uk 's problem . 
  so the uk has a strong interest in helping out france with this issue , to keep it from becoming their own issue . 
  for maximum irony , we privatised some of the lenin statues by selling them at an auction . 
  let 's just go to the root of the problem , and start burning supermarket customers who purchase * dirty foreign * goods . 
  to be honest , the entire `` eesti into nordic '' thing is about pr and branding . 
  `` eastern europe '' ( and to a lesser extent `` baltics '' , which plenty of people ca n't distinguish from balkans ) , have somewhat negative connotations for people in western europe and the rest of the world . 
  land mines , civil wars , mafia wars , druggie-zombies roaming the streets , whatever . 
  eesti ( and the other baltic countries ) are far from being an actual nordic country , but the reality is perhaps already closer to people 's * imagination * about northern europe than eastern europe . 
   how is it possible to reconcile those views on wealth ( 1m rubles seems unattainable to non-criminals ) with reality ( the median russian family has 1.6 m rubles in one piece of real estate alone ) ? 
  i ca n't really speak for russia , but perhaps my impressions of estonia 10-20 years ago are similar enough . 
  unless the property is specifically bought recently as investment property , it is not thought of as part of `` net worth '' . 
  the same goes for personal retirement funds . 
  a lot ( perhaps even the majority ) of people live in large concrete towers , which used to be government-owned apartment blocks , and were privatised as condos to the residents pretty much `` for free '' . 
  the same goes for summer houses - some of these might be family farms , some might be cottages received as favours during soviet times . 
  so even if they have a market value , people might have never checked to see what it is . 
  the summer homes are part of family traditions , and nobody sells them unless in desperate need . 
  and people who have moved home , or new families who buy new homes still need at least one place to live - so you ca n't freely use that value . 
  the same goes for retirement savings accounts . 
  mandatory personal retirement funds were introduced here about 15 years ago , and for young people only - so most people still rely exclusively on government-provided retirement . 
  and people who do have retirement funds are pretty suspicious about how much they can actually cash out 30-40 years later . 
  these retirement funds are not thought of as part of `` net worth '' either . 
  so when people talk about wealth , they consider mostly only liquid assets : cash in bank accounts , freely tradable shares and stocks , and * perhaps * ownership of non-tradable private companies . 
  i 'm still not sure why 3 . is not a valid option . 
  these people are n't landing on italy 's shores ... they are often picked up from boats within visibility of libyan or tunesian coast . 
  these boats should in fact be `` helped '' by the coast guard of libya or tunesia . 
  but since that 's pretty much non-existant , why not save them from drowning by towing or transporting them to the nearest port ( which is almost always south of the mediterranean ) ? 
  option 6 would be to do what australia is doing : pay morocco , egypt , tunesia or another safe country to take them in ( australia pays papua new guinea ) . 
  this way the refugees do n't have to live in war zones , and economic migrants would not have an incentive to get on boats . 
  this might create strange incentives for the governments of these countries though , to get as many people on boats as possible to cash in ... 
  overall i 'm not really against accepting proper refugees . 
  but the current situations is pretty idiotic . 
  there are perhaps 3 billion people who would move to europe if given a chance . 
  millions of them would have university degrees in useful fields , companies eager to give them above-average salaries in tech jobs , etc. 
  so why are we making it incredibly difficult for useful immigrants who want to come here legally , and instead choosing to blindly accept people based on the single skill of `` get within 5km of libyan coast and throw away your papers '' ? 
   because let 's be honest : unless arabs are killed by dem evil juice -- nobody will give a flying fuck about it . 
  i do n't think it 's a question of indifference , but a question of not really having any feasible plan for what happens after we remove assad . 
  iraq was invaded to remove saddam , and it ended up in a decade-long civil war , daily bombings , and now finally isis . 
  afganistan was invaded to remove taliban , and it ended up in a decade-long civil war , bombings , and now finally taliban is back . 
  libya was bombed to remove gaddafi , and now it 's in a civil war . 
  we helped factions in syria against assad , and some of them ended up becoming isis instead . 
  we supported the protests that removed egypt 's military dictatorship , and it ended up in a civil war for a few years until the military took power again . 
  even though `` something should be done '' with those dictators ... it seems that on average , people were better off under their rule ( sucks to be the ethnic/religious group that is n't though ) . 
  if we decide to fight against assad , then there should be a plan for who and how is going to build a stable , peaceful country after he 's gone . 
   no , they 're pretty much the most painful way to go about it , especially when done in such a short period . 
  do you mean currency devaluations , or lowering salaries/pensions and hoping that prices adjust to match that ? 
  the first seems much less painful ( but is n't possible while using the euro ) . 
  if you devalue a currency , then incomes - but also rents , loans , locally produced food prices , services etc are all reduced proportionally overnight . 
  if you just lower incomes , then rents might take months to years , and mortgages decades to catch up .
