  in the end all the parliament and the candidates gave up , and the parties decided `` let 's pick this unknown non-political official instead '' . 
  [ we did n't start the fire ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eftlkww542g ), 
   venice without the tourists would start a new tourist boom of people wanting to see venice without the tourists . 
  `` what are the best attractions to visit as a tourist ? 
  but so also so unpopular that other tourists do n't go there ? '', 
  -- every travel/country/city subreddit all the time . 
  having a fixed number of tourists would be difficult to manage , but it would be easy to introduce something like a 20 eur ticket/tax per visit . 
  the price can be adjusted to achieve some preferred approximate number of tourists . 
  many cities already have taxes on hotels , but since there are lots of day-trip visitors to venice who stay on the mainland , an entry tax would make more sense . 
  in most cases , the ambassador 's country will revoke immunity , or if they do not trust the local courts , hold trial over them themselves . 
  it sometimes takes months or years , but eventually some justice will be found . 
  it 's shitty when they get away with a crime , but it works both ways . 
  immunity is intended to make it possible to have diplomats in countries with very different social values , court systems and laws . 
  atheism and homosexuality can carry a death penalty in saudi arabia . 
  almost anything can get you executed in north korea . 
  but we still need diplomats in these countries able to work freely without fearing for their own and their families lives . 
  in theory this could be a good solution : each job gets a `` work-stress multiplier '' that is used when counting your years of employment until retirement . 
  but i have a suspicion that this would grow into a messy and problematic system over time . 
  every profession will think that their stress and contribution is above average , lobby the government to increase their factor , go on strike , etc. 
  and because it 's `` just a number '' that will have tax consequences only in 20-30 year 's time , giving higher and higher multipliers to everyone is easier than negotiating for politicians . 
  numbeo seems much better and detailed at actual cost of living numbers . 
  teleport contains a lot more other information , but it 's mostly `` scores '' and pretty graphs with no obvious conclusion . 
  what 's crime rate score of 0.64 vs 0.71 ? 
  traffic handling score ? 
  does an extra 10 % on the healthcare quality score mean it 's easy to find an english-speaking doctor ? 
  that can happen yes - but he 's considering learning it as the third language after polish and english , so he can speak english to anyone below the age of 40 . 
  russian is much more useful to know in estonia than german , and with english + russian you can speak to almost everyone here . 
  if they qualify for citizenship , and live in ireland then it seems entirely appropriate to give them citizenship . 
  it 's people who want a `` second passport for eu travel '' , without actually visiting or having any relationship to ireland who seem to be the problem . 
  so maybe a rule that you have to also be resident in ireland for 3-5 years before applying would be a solution ? 
  i think the reason for that is that diplomats already get to bring their immediate family with them , and expenses & accommodation paid for them . 
  so hiring a diplomat 's wife or husband at the same embassy is almost `` free '' for the taxpayer . 
  nah , that 's not enough of a dick move . 
  for best results , [ park on the grass between the houses ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1uzocsv.jpg ) to turn it into a mud pit . 
  is n't their location entirely symbolic ? 
  i thought airplane-dropped nukes were obsolete , and the missiles in montana would reach anywhere in the world faster than a bomber can get ready for take off . 
   i do n't understand why they do n't just shift the presidency by 6 months , so after malta 's term simply comes estonia as normal and then continue to the countries that were next in place ? 
  yes , that is one option that is being considered . 
  * estonia starts 6 months earlier : somewhat difficult for estonian diplomats and ministries who now unexpectedly have only 11 instead of 17 months left to prepare for it . 
  later countries ' schedules impacted as well , but with longer advance notice . 
  * malta does 12 months instead of 6 : more work for their diplomats . 
  nothing changes for other countries . 
  * malta does 9 months , estonia starts 3 months earlier and also does 9 months : mix of first and second options , splits required extra effort between estonia and malta . 
  no change for other countries . 
  * belgium does it in place of uk : unexpected and difficult for their diplomats , but being a much larger country with more experience and involvement in eu matters , maybe still fine . 
  no change for other countries . 
  switzerland would be a good neutral choice . 
  do you have any older po-2 's ? 
  because wooden airplanes actually do n't reflect radar and are stealthy . 
  greece and turkey ( both nato members ) are still in an arms race and have weekly border violations followed by diplomatic angry letters . 
  since it 's just a military alliance , it does not do much to actually bring the two countries ' people closer together . 
   the airforce consists of some training jets do n't forget the two [ biplanes ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6f/antonov_an-2_estonian_air_force_40.jpg ) !, 
  / s  what 's the point of a minehunter in the baltics ? 
  clearing ww2 and cold war naval mines from the sea . 
  they had a very busy job in the 1990 's , not so much these days . 
   due to scale effects it would be much better for estonia to chip in the half billion into a nato budget that gets then distributed to countries that have an already existing military . 
  it makes no economical sense to let estonia build a new military from nothing simply because it has to abide to ridiculous and symbolic goals . 
  on the whole i agree . 
  but there is obviously some worry that a `` distributed military '' would be under command of other countries generals & politicians , who may be hesitant to do anything if defensive actions are required , and will prefer to write `` strongly worded letters '' instead . 
  that said , it seems to me that estonia is already sort of following this approach . 
  it is n't building out an air force or a navy , which are unaffordably expensive . 
  the army is n't designed as an attacking force . 
  instead , the goals are to a ) build support structures for nato allies ( an airport for their planes , barracks for their soldiers ) , and b ) train and equip the army to fight a guerilla war that perhaps frustrates even if does n't win against invaders until help gets here . 
  i 've briefly worked with tech companies in both berlin and dublin , and do n't really agree . 
  the language is n't really an issue . 
  everyone in berlin speaks okay to great english . 
  dublin is just too small and cozy : 500k people , and feels even smaller . 
  berlin is 3.5 million people . 
  it * does * have that anarchist/rave feeling to it ... but there 's a lot of other things to do as well . 
  dublin 's main benefit is low tax rates for international tech companies . 
  i get it that you do n't support uk doing this as part of nato . 
  it 's some far away country on the other side of europe , that 's fine . 
  russia has lots of troops on our border , runs exercises every year on our border , but it 's their country and nothing we can complain about . 
  so why is russia complaining when there are much , much fewer troops inside for example estonia ? 
  it 's the entire `` nato encircling russia '' worldview that putin and corbyn and plenty of others follow i completely disagree with . 
  it assumes that it 's only all about nato vs russia , and all countries between berlin and st petersburg are nobody 's land or a buffer zone , to be divided up on a map by `` great powers '' as in 1939 . 
  sure , nato has its own reasons for accepting eastern europe , but in the end the countries chose to join because they are free to choose on their own . 
  and as long as putin or some future president there thinks otherwise , then it 's an argument for being in nato . 
  nobody wants to goad russia into a war . 
  we just want russia to stay in russia , and leave us to live in peace . 
  hopefully even get along and trade like other neighbours do if they eventually recognise eastern europe as independent countries that can decide their own future instead of `` their sphere of influence '' . 
  without nato there is fuck all we could do about that . 
  ukraine was not in nato , and that did n't really work out for them . 
  they will keep funding the same science projects , just at universities in elsewhere in eu . 
  that 's what the vodka is for . 
  recycling twice is twice as good for the environment , right ? 
   what the benefit is that foreigners can easily create businesses ( + jobs ) here , use other services from estonian companies and they will have to pay at least some taxes . 
  and the company gets to run a business with 0 bureaucracy and hassle free all from online . 
  sure , that 's great for estonia - and if the company founders move here and become a real resident , then possibly for them as well . 
  but if they are just an e-resident who lives in lithuania or poland or anywhere else , registers a business in estonia , then the lithuanian or polish tax authorities will most likely still tax the company 's income as if it were a lithuanian or polish company . 
  at least usa , uk , belgium and finland have such rules in place in their tax laws , and i assume other european countries have them as well . 
  so e-resident + estonian company is not a reliable way to avoid other countries bureaucracy . 
  what 's the point of all this , besides the pr and coolness value though ? 
  creating companies is n't something you need to do daily . 
  18 minutes is a good indicator of `` low bureaucracy '' , but besides it does n't really matter if it takes 18 minutes or a few days . 
  and for the `` e-residents '' , they are n't actually estonian residents in tax or legal sense . 
  they get an id card which they can use to log into estonian government and banking websites , and that 's pretty much it . 
  all countries of the world that i know of will apply their own local taxes to companies registered abroad if they decide that `` the management actually lives and runs it from here '' . 
  grand canal is [ this wide ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2f/venice_bridge_grand_canal.jpg ) . 
  `` ca n't stop on a dime '' is putting it mildly .
