  tbh , i 've never really bought the `` low population density '' argument for the u.s. california and the east coast have about the same population density as france and spain , both of which have some of the best high-speed rail in europe . 
  and low population dotted by big metro areas is perfect for building rail . 
  if everything is built up , buying land for the rail is going to be super-expensive . 
  you want the high-speed rail stops to be 100-1000km apart . 
  too frequent stops would mean the train spends most of the time in stations . 
  and if too far apart , flying starts to become competitive . 
  coast to coast is probably best left for airlines , but along both coasts should work great . 
  be environmental , use paper bags . 
  missiles in cuba/turkey were a big deal in 1962 because the range of missiles was short , and you had to be that close to reach a target at all . 
  modern missiles can easily reach anywhere from anywhere on earth , hell you could nuke mars if you really wanted to . 
  deploying nukes in estonia would not change anything at all compared to deploying them in montana . 
  and besides this , i feel much safer * without * our government having nukes , let 's keep the president 's political rants limited to twitter . 
   would be like russia claiming to be the rightful rulers of finland because uh it 's close to russia do n't give them any more ideas ... 
  you can certainly own a business and open a business bank account in estonia without being an ( e - ) resident , a friend just did that recently . 
  but if you do , having an id card makes operating the business a lot easier because you can then log into all the accounts and government portals and digitally sign documents on behalf of the company . 
  the only assistance that would be of actual help to kohver would be to find an arrested russian spy from the west , for a cold-war-style spy trade . 
  if the company has employees , offices and assets in europe ( for example amazon , eu 's own spotify , etc ) , then they can fine them . 
  but yeah , if not , then it 's pretty unlikely that they would demand isps to block the websites in the entire eu just because of geotargeting . 
  eu does n't have the authority to demand that us companies must offer services in europe . 
  but they can demand that you are not allowed to discriminate based on the specific eu countries - if you offer a service in one , you ca n't block it in others . 
  [ surprise tank is best tank ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uo4wv2p62vm ), 
   he started going down on purpose and ignored both the rest of the crew banging on the cockpit 's door and air control trying to initiate contact . 
  holy shit , that must have been a terrifying 8 minutes for everyone outside the door . 
  nordics can not into eesti ?? 
  even without the unlikely bombing - there will still be usual car accidents . 
  and it 's difficult to get emergency services into a long tunnel , and the fire/flames/people out of it . 
   d ) estonia has a 20 % taxrate on corporate profit that 's sort of true . 
  most countries have one tax on corporate profits ( income-expenses ) at the end of each year , plus income tax on dividend/benefit payments from the company to its owners . 
  estonia taxes corporate profits only when they are paid out to the owners as dividends or other benefits . 
  if you just keep the money in the company 's bank account , then it is not yet taxed . 
  the point of this is that it does n't make sense to force the companies to make investments and expenses in the same calendar year as they earn income - eventually all money will still either be used as expenses , or paid out to the owners ( and taxed ) . 
  overall i think it 's a good idea . 
  but the downside of it is helping with point c ) foreign capital outflows . 
  it 's easier to make various international tax avoidance schemes work if you can hold money tax-free in a company for many years . 
   is this not a very dangerous thing to do ? 
  i mean , if i would steal something somewhere , i would go somewhere else . 
  you ca n't go wrong by overestimating the stupidity of metal thieves . 
  in the early 1990s when metal thefts were a `` thing '' around here , some idiots broke into a hazardous waste disposal yard , stole some radioactive metal parts , and stored it in their kitchen . 
  gave themselves severe radiation burns and probably cancer to their whole family . 
  some others tried to steal cable from a power substation , and electrocuted themselves to death . 
   that said , i would feel incredibly sad if we deterred any of the regular users who write those ultra long and well thought out pieces away . 
  maybe . . but too much detail is exactly what made me stop reading those threads . 
  there is so much text that actually finding important , interesting or funny news becomes difficult . 
  i would love a version of whiyctw with a limit for example 3 * most important * stories per post , and no more than 2 lines of context for each . 
  the posters have an opportunity to explain more when people ask questions about the stories . 
  i agree that there are often emotionally-loaded arguments on this . 
  but i disagree that `` keeping an eye on them '' is appropriate either . 
  i mean , these people went and joined a violent group whose goal is wide-spread murder and torture , and these people at least * hoped * to participate in the same . 
  some of them might have actually participated . 
  just because it happens in a far-away country does n't make their crimes any less serious . 
  if they are an eu citizen , they should get back in , get arrested , and get a fair trial for their crimes . 
  but if they are not , then there is no legal requirement to give them a new visa or residence permit . 
  sure , it would be right to still put them on trial ... but why make it our problem ? 
  there are billions of other people who would also like a visa , and could be much more useful to europe . 
  some of them are refugees who ended up refugees exactly because of those isis tourists . 
  economist tends to have very good 3-page analysis on various complex issues around the world . 
  yes , they end each article with '' ... and all this would be fixed by more free markets and less regulation !, 
  '' , but if you skip over that , the analysis itself is great . 
   i do n't believe any media outlet that only shows one side can be considered intellectually trustworthy . 
  in british journalism tradition , it 's normal for each publication to have a well-known viewpoint or philosophical alignment . 
  while they must be reliable about objective facts , you are supposed to read a few different papers to get different subjective opinions , they are n't supposed to be an aggregator of different personalities . 
  economist does n't even put individual author 's names on the articles , because all of it is supposed to represent the unified views of the head editor . 
  now , this could be called bias , but it 's intentional and not a secret . 
  which is far better than claiming to be `` fair and balanced '' , while still having an obvious bias . 
  what 's the exchange rate between putinpoints and reddit karma these days ? 
  well , at least they do n't still have [ biplanes in active service ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6f/antonov_an-2_estonian_air_force_40.jpg ) ? 
  yeah . 
  while the russian tv is trying to portray all estonians as nazis , i have to agree with them that the estonian conservative people 's party is actually almost-nazi , and it 's shameful that 8 % of estonians voted for them last week . 
  no , the president / security police decided that it should be treated as a civil crime of kidnapping , instead of a military attack . 
  which it technically was , since the kidnappers were members of the russian security police instead of the military . 
  and i guess they do n't want to `` cry wolf '' over it , and risk not being taken as seriously if a situation really requiring article v happens in the future . 
  for getting him out , the only realistic hope is that he will be traded for some russian agent or spy currently locked up in the west , like it used to be done during cold war 1 . 
  i do n't think estonia has anyone of enough `` value '' for a trade at the moment though . 
  all russian spies in prison are locals who were recruited as informants for money , and russia could n't care less about what happens to them after they have been caught . 
  still , you 've managed to convict 4 corrupt politicians * per day * last year . 
  nice work !, 
  it was n't the military , but the fsb , a civil security agency . 
  still outrageous how they can get away with kidnapping though . 
  yeah , it 's a bit annoying . 
  we should make a deal that we stop calling ourselves nordic if other people stop calling us `` former soviet '' . 
  similar `` property reform '' happened in estonia after the re-independence : properties were given back to the pre-1940 owners or their heirs . 
  there was an intermediate period of about 10 years where the people living there now could stay in them , as long as they paid some government-decided ( and fairly low ) rent to the owners . 
  legally it might have been simpler than the cyprus situation though . 
  during the soviet occupation , people could not * own * property - the government owned the houses , and decided who is allowed to live there . 
  so no property was not `` taken away '' from the tenants , just the new government decided to hand ownership over to the old owners . 
  tbh , learning estonian before visiting estonia is an impressive enough achievement to be welcome here . 
  uuu, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_attack_on_estonian_defence_ministry this one i guess ? 
  i wonder what gives estonia that 0.076 compared to our neighbours . 
  is this unexpected ? 
  sounds like they forgot to offer the vodka . 
   it 's also full of lakes . 
  that 's no issue for some entrepreneurial smugglers . 
  i do n't think it 's the quality of the ships , but rather the navigation and bringing enough food that matters . 
  and * expecting to reach something * . 
  i remember reading that columbus severely underestimated the distance to india - if there had been no america in between , they would have died of starvation on the way . 
   and how do the baltics propose to pay for this commitment ? 
  the real answer is that we do n't , apart from hoping for the goodwill or interest in opposing russia from the us taxpayers . 
  there is no way a country with 1m people can afford a military that could actually do much about russia , even as we put the nato required 2 % of gdp into military funding . 
  our strategy is mostly based being able to annoy russians for a few days or weeks with guerilla tactics until someone else helps out .
