there 's nothing wrong with respecting them , but why should we put them on a pedestal like some do in america ? 
  france is a bigger player in geopolitics than bulgaria , so an attack on france brings more attention to the terrorists ' cause . 
  i think that 's why you see more attacks in the uk , france , and germany than in bulgaria , albania and bosnia , all countries with big muslim populations, 
  i 'm a leftist , but i agree that more should be done to assimilate cultural minorities . 
  i just really dislike the non-nuanced rhetoric that most parties that support this are using with phrases like `` do n't like it ? 
  leave . '', 
  is it ? 
  oh but i was thinking of the time before we had domesticated animals and developed agriculture , when both humans and wolves had to hunt and compete with each other to gather meat . 
  my guess is that wolves were our rivals for food for a long time , since we both hunted the same animals . 
  what ? 
  he 's just telling you what his feelings are about those things . 
  no need to laugh about it . 
  i do associate the rising-sun flag with imperial japan from ww2 , but it 's not as offensive to me as the hakenkreuz flag would be . 
  kind of strange , since a lot of my family members died in indonesia during ww2 . 
  i guess it 's so far away that i 'm not as emotionally attached to events that happened in asia unfortunately . 
  you 're joking maybe , but this has happened to me before haha, 
  * i feel like we 're quite inhospitable compared to other countries . 
  it 's generally considered rude and annoying if someone drops by randomly . 
  * our `` tolerance '' is n't actual tolerance in my opinion . 
  actual tolerance , as i see it at least , is when you do n't immediately dismiss other ideas or cultures for being different from your norm . 
  i see this a lot when it comes to building shelters for refugees . 
  everyone thinks we should help them , but not if they 're going to live near us . 
  and on the other side of the coin , the way people dismissed critics like wilders and baudet for such a long time ( i do n't support either of these two , but i just think it 's ridiculous how many people refuse to even discuss their ideas ) . 
  * everything has to be arranged . 
  this kind of goes back to my first point . 
  i do n't remember the last time me and my friends spontaneously decided to go somewhere , it always had to be planned beforehand . 
  i am , yeah !, 
  they 're not allowed to release a person 's name or specific information about them , until they 've been convicted of a crime . 
  dutch -  afrikaans ( i can quite easily read it ) , frisian ( slightly harder than afrikaans strangely enough ) , danish , swedish , norwegian ( when i try hard i can understand quite a lot of these languages ) german -  i guess my german also helps understanding the scandinavian languages, 
  mostly normal without a lot of racial tensions ( as far as i know at least ) . 
  there are mixed neighbourhoods , but we also have a chinatown and a neighbourhood with a large amount of dutch muslims . 
  in my experience immigrants often try harder to adapt or at least respect the local culture than their children . 
  it 's kind of naive to think that there are ` good ' and ` bad ' people in the world . 
  we 've all done good and bad things in the past . 
  they 're not less anti-foreigner than before i think , but with recent events more of their time is spent on bashing muslims , so other minorities are getting less attention from them . 
  i think a result of this is also that their opinion on islam is becoming even more extreme than it used to be , because they 're talking so much about it . 
  the 18th century was quite boring imo . 
  our so-called golden age had ended , meaning that our ridiculous economic growth and colonial expansion stopped . 
  the uk slowly took over our role as the dominant naval power and we just kind of declined into being a secondary power . 
  it starts getting exciting again with the `` patriot '' movement in my opinion , which would result in a prussian invasion . 
  i feel like they 're becoming more anti-muslim and less anti-immigrant like they used to be . 
  it might just be me though , since i did n't pay a lot of attention to politics when i was younger . 
   non-white people who assimilate are accepted as european this is often not true in my experience . 
  i have a chinese friend who was adopted by a dutch couple , so she speaks fluent dutch without any hint of an accent , yet people still yell things like `` ni hao '' and `` ching chong '' at her sometimes . 
  i think kicking a country out would send a very bad message and be very bad in the long term for the eu . 
  basketball is not popular at all as far as i know . 
  personally i had the sport ruined for me because my pe teacher would make us play it 80 % of the time . 
  a lot of people lack self-awareness and are willing to point out issues in other countries while ignoring those issues in their own country . 
  like you said , people will say racist incidents here are `` uncommon '' , but i 'd be willing to bet that most of those people are n't part of a minority and thus never really encountered much racism . 
  in the meantime they watch tv and hear all about the latest incident in which an american black teenager was shot by a white police officer , confirming for them that the usa is a very racist place , while their country is n't . 
   do your history classes incorporate moral judgments ( cruel/appropriate/justified / unjustified/right/wrong , etc ) ? 
  they 're not supposed to officially but it happens quite often , especially when it 's about certain events such as the holocaust or the german occupation during ww2 . 
   do your classes about the asian theater of ww2 mainly discuss the atomic bombs ? 
  we barely had any lessons about ww2 itself . 
  most of them were about the buildup towards both world wars . 
  i guess that 's because my teacher was never very interested in events themselves , but in the things that caused those events to occur . 
  i do n't see how my first comment would n't apply to jihadists . 
  right now , something like 75 dutch jihadists have returned and been imprisoned , willingly or not , so they can be questioned for information . 
  announcing that all these guys will get the death sentence would probably stop any of them from ever giving up in syria and coming back here and would just drive them further into the hands of groups like isis . 
  obviously there are also the ones who would never give up , but i do n't think they would apply to the conversation since they probably would n't let themselves be imprisoned . 
   i 'd limit it to ` treason ' in order to be applied to jihadists or other insurrectionist paramilitaries i can see logic in that , but i 'd still be afraid that the government will slowly extend this power so that they could execute other people . 
  maybe this is one of those slippery slope fallacies though , i do n't know . 
  i 'm just uncomfortable with giving the government the power to execute its own citizens . 
  i feel like if we 'd start killing prisoners , criminals would become more desperate to not get caught instead of just surrendering and going to jail willingly . 
  that we 're all cheap , or even greedy . 
  just think of the saying `` going dutch '' . 
  i personally do n't think it 's a bad thing , considering that i like saving money as well , but it 's probably not a very good stereotype to have . 
  4th of may is our remembrance day with 2 minutes of silence and a bunch of other ceremonies that i do n't really look at on tv . 
  4th of may is n't purely about veterans though , since we remember every dutchman , civilian or soldier , who died as a result of war since 1940 . 
  i 'm 198 , pretty tall even for the netherlands . 
  average is around 183 i think , so you really would n't be considered ` short ' here , just average . 
  king willem iii supposedly ordered the dutch navy to bombard rome , not knowing that rome is quite far inland . 
  thanks the the change in our constitution the government could luckily decide to scrap that plan . 
  nothing wrong with it in my opinion and ( as far as i know ) all the people i know agree with me . 
  `` excessive government intervention is a threat to the economy . '', 
  does n't this question become kind of loaded with the word `` excessive '' ? 
  anything that 's excessive is bad right ? 
  i guess the [ raid on the medway ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/raid_on_the_medway ) in 1667 . 
  admiral michiel de ruyter sailed up the thames with 60 ships and managed to capture the english flagship and destroy a dozen other warships . 
  the raid was so disastrous for the english navy that the war ended a month later . 
  is it really hatred though ? 
  that 's such a strong word to me . 
  when ? 
  i 'm so sad he 's part of the vvd ( nothing against vvd voters !, 
  it 's just not the party for me ) . 
  he 's probably one of my favorite dutch politicians . 
  honest question here . 
  how religious is switzerland these days ? 
  are there any statistics on this ? 
  was n't the orange-white-blue flag used by dutch neo-nazis ? 
  that might be a bit awkward . 
  i feel more of a connection with germany than with belgium or luxemburg to be honest . 
  i think i 'm quite biased though , because last time i went to belgium i had kind of a bad experience . 
  why ? 
  greek culture influenced a lot of european cultures , so why would n't some words be copied ? 
  maandag - day of the moon . 
  dinsdag - day of the ` ding ' , the day where criminals would be judged in ancient times . 
  it could also be named after the god thingsus , the god of laws . 
  woensdag - day of wodan , the leader of the gods . 
  donderdag - day of donar , the thunder god .
