  seriously , man ? 
  i ca n't stop laughing after reading this, 
  well , truth is nato has never been really put to the test , so until that happens , the only thing people in eastern nato members can count on is their own militaries . 
  this `` attack on one is an attack on all '' motto sounds all good and everything on paper , but if putin decides he wants to bring the baltics back to the soviet times will nato really go on the offensive with russia ? 
  i 'm not saying they would n't defend the baltics , but they certainly wo n't be in a hurry to bring in complete global obliteration . 
   we see this in the us as well . 
  people would rather avoid being called a racist , than speak their minds in a public discussion . 
  in romania , if you call someone a racist , they will see it as a joke . 
  actually it 's gdp per capita was always comparable with western europe . 
  us per capita gdp was n't that much higher either . 
  edit : also the values do n't seem to take inflation into account . 
  today $ 1179 may sound like pocket change , but back in 1960 that was a lot of money . 
  in romanian there are also xerox - any photo copier , scotch is sticky tape , peco ( which used to be the main company that owned gas stations during commie times ) is any gas station , any homeless drug addict is an `` aurolac '' which is a brand of paint that they use to get high , termos - any container that keeps coffee hot , ocb - any tobacco rolling paper , jeep - any suv . 
  problem is nato ca n't really invade russia without ending civilization altogether . 
  invading russia would probably be the worst idea in human history . 
  i find the similarities between romania and greece to be astonishing . 
  the only reason romania is n't in the same shit hole as greece is merely the fact that we did n't get access to the same kind of financing . 
  i just do n't understand why we in the eu ca n't have our own services competing with giants like google , apple , microsoft etc. 
  i mean russia can have yandex and vk , but europe must use facebook , google , yahoo and other services that are supplying data to the nsa . 
  we are the second largest economy in the world and ca n't seem to be able to get our heads out of our asses . 
  ridiculous . 
  as a romanian , i honestly could not imagine life if the west had n't expanded into `` russia 's natural sphere of influence '' . 
  at least the west has some established institutions , keeps some checks on corruption and abuses of power . 
  of course it 's not perfect , but the alternative , aka russia looks a lot worse . 
  with the collapse of the soviet union and unrestricted flow of information , it 's just natural that people in these countries tend to look west . 
  let 's face it , as much as most russians hate the west , how many of them would agree to go back to a life devoid of western comforts , such as western cars , iphones , supermarkets , malls , internet and others ? 
  what i 'm saying is that despite the fact that the west has obvious interests to absorb what 's left of russia 's puppets , these people diserve a choice , and doing a side by side comparison of what russia offers and what the west offers , we come to the conclusion that `` reality has an anti-russian bias '' . 
  yeah , only too bad the upload speed is a bummer . 
  here 's my speed test . 
  i wanted to say how funny it would be to have a government made version of windows the russians would be using to spy on their citizens , but then i remembered windows is backdoored sinceat least 1999 . 
  os x is probably more secure but i would n't bet on it . 
  at least we have linux ... 
  funny how they 're all so worried about is half a world away , but would n't send some weapons to ukraine to finish off the separatists . 
  definitely revoke their citizenship and ban them from entering the eu for life . 
  might as well send their personal information to the us as well to put them on their blacklists . 
  romania first on a list - that 's something new . 
  the reason there are so many owners in romania is that after communism fell , people living in flats were offered the option to purchase their flats at prices they could not refuse . 
  my grandmother bought her apartment for the equivalent of $ 1500 in today 's money . 
  that was clearly an offer she could not refuse . 
  also , in the region of banat , after 1990 , many ethnic germans took the opportunity to move to germany and start a new life , so they sold their houses at ridiculous prices . 
  for example , my parents bought their house for 15.000 dm ( around 7500 euros ) in 1991 . 
  the house would be worth more than 120.000 euros at current market prices so that 's a 16 fold increase . 
  the marxist version of communism never got implemented anywhere . 
  it was the leninist version that got implemented and it was russia who exported it . 
  exactly . 
  it 's hard for me to understand how it 's possible for europe to put so much trust in russia , when it 's a well known fact that russia almost never kept its word . 
  russia 's national policy has always been `` if someone gives us a finger , we 'll just take the whole fucking hand '' . 
  honestly , russia is the nigerian scammer of international relations , almost everyone knows they ca n't be trusted , but there never seems to be a shortage of suckers . 
  the only country of the former ussr who is still actively pursuing an imperialist policy is russia . 
  not ukraine , not georgia . 
  afaik russia seems to be most nostalgic country when it comes to the ` good old days ' of the ussr . 
  you have a point right there . 
  i hope this will serve as a wake up call in the future for people living in western countries . 
  the nsa spies on all your facebook chats , they spy when your gf is showing you her boobs on skype , they probably know the exact time you 're taking a shit every day , but somehow they are unable to prove who shot down the mh17 or what russia is up to exactly . 
  that 's a big misallocation of resources and a good reason to restructure all of the so-called `` national security '' policies . 
  russia seems to be the loser with the `` my dick is bigger than yours '' syndrome . 
  besides natural gas , oil , communism and war , nothing has really come out of this country . 
  without the natural resources , military and nukes , russia would be little more than your average 3rd world shithole . 
  yeah , same in romania . 
  they all got swept when fb came along though . 
  fb has been available in russian for quite some time now . 
  also , back in the days , vk was n't really that popular , it was way behind odnoklassniki until 2009 , i think . 
  facebook is readily available in russian , actually if you visit with a russian ip , it will set the default language to russian . 
  it also has full support for cyrillic letters so there is no language barrier . 
  actually there are a couple of million facebook users in russia , but many more on vk . 
  i live alone in a flat and my parents live in a house . 
  imo both have their own advantages and disadvantages . 
  flats - advantages - easier and cheaper to maintain , usually in close proximity to public transit and commercial areas ; - disadvantages - lack of space , lack of privacy , annoying neighbours , if one idiot does n't pay his/her bills ( like gas , water , elevator etc. ), 
  the other residents could suffer , tougher rules for making renovations . 
  houses - advantages - more space , more privacy , you do n't have to give that much of a shit about your neighbours , more options in regard to relaxation , ability to have a garden , not dependent on neighbours paying their bills , more freedom regarding renovations and modifications ; - disadvantages - more expensive and more time consuming to maintain , usually further away from public transit , commercial centers and other points of interest . 
  it all comes down to what you can afford , i guess . 
  if given the right financial situation , i doubt anyone would choose a flat over a house . 
  romanian joke about moldovans in bucharest all the signs that used to say `` bad dog '' have been replaced with signs that say `` we have a moldovan guest '', 
  romanian joke about russians what 's a debate like in russia ? 
  it 's when you go to a party meeting with your own opinion and you leave with the party 's opinion . 
  romanian joke about albanians - the un asks albania about logistical support for a peacekeeping mission : albania : `` ok we 'll give you a tank '' . 
  the un : `` that 's ridiculous , only a tank ?! '', 
  albania : `` ok ... we 'll give you both tanks ... '', 
  people are dumb , all the communists started labelling themselves as something else and the masses voted for them . 
  the social democrat party is pretty much the successor of the communist party , although they will never acknowledge it . 
  in romania , after 1990 , everyone was shouting `` we wo n't sell our country '' , so they voted for the social democrats and they did exactly that - sold everything at discount prices . 
  i believe you . 
  they do not crack down as these protests are not seen as a serious threat to the government so they do not want an unnecessary shitstorm coming from brussels . 
  but i 'm sure that if orban is allowed to continue to tighten his grip on power and opposition parties start getting more support , i 'm sure he will start cracking down . 
  it 's simply how it works with people like these . 
  i 'm not saying he will start shooting protesters like yanukovich did , but he will surely try to open some criminal files for opposition members and leaders . 
  always remember that usually , a country transitioning from democracy to autocracy is much more peaceful than the reverse . 
  when people wake up and realise they have lost their rights , it will be a real and bloody fight to get them back . 
  as a romanian whenever i travel through hungary i have to admit i do n't feel threatened on the streets , but definitely on the road , the hungarian highway police is so corrupt , they stop you for no reason if you have a romanian plate and just look for reasons to extort a bribe . 
  people do n't feel threatened on the streets of moscow or beijing either . 
  people in bucharest would n't feel threatened on the streets when ceausescu was in power . 
  i 'm sure people in pyongyang do n't feel threatened on the streets . 
  autocracy is not about people feeling threatened on the streets , it 's about them feeling threatened when they open their mouths . 
  the funy thing is that many hungarian passport holders in romania are actually ethnic romanians , not hungarians . 
  i know quite a few . 
  orban is just handing passports to basically everyone who has an ancestor born in transylvania and speaks a little hungarian . 
  and by a little , i really do mean just a few phrases . 
  this is n't true for the other ex-yugoslav countries , not even croatia , which still has a long way to go to catch up to slovenia . 
  good infrastructure , clean and well organised cities , lack of obvious poverty were all tangible evidence of development in my assessment . 
  also , the numbers speak for themselves ( gdp per capita comparable to that of italy , low inflation , high hdi , low gini ),
