  i do n't think english gives an unfair advantage to native speakers , i learnt english through cartoons , movies , books and internet , school was maybe 10 % . 
  in high school , i obtained a cambridge cpe , with little additional studying . 
  given enough motivation , i think even a complete idiot can learn english as a second language . 
   soviets was doing the same shit outside the ussr , which lead us to the bitter conclusion that people who had early fled to both americas were the smartest asses and we , in europe , are nothing but descendants of short sighted peasants : / actually we , in the communist world , not the entire continent . 
  pretty much anyone who was anything other than a short sighted peasant or communist , was subject to prison , deportation , or death . 
  she was only 8 years old at the time , so she got away . 
  one drunk soldier tried to grab her at one time , but luckily she was with her father . 
  one old lady who lives two stories below her was raped , though . 
  apparently not . 
  i 'm not subscribed , so i do n't know , but i 'm pretty sure those who use it do n't have us credit cards , at least not real ones . 
  i think they also went paid ( like $ 1.67 / month ) . 
  no one i know uses vplay.ro anymore , people are using vpns to get netflix and hulu . 
  as a side note , there was a national panic in romania last week , when the largest torrent site in the country , filelist.ro , went down for a couple of days . 
  yeah , along with givi , the other sick fuck . 
  in romania at least , the wehrmacht was a lot more civilized than the red army . 
  after we switched sides , they bombed us a couple of times , but no significant atrocities . 
  with the soviets on the other hand , it 's a whole different story . 
  in the houses they were stationed , they slept on the beds , while the owners slept on the floor . 
  even girls as young as 10 were raped . 
  in one night , at my grandma 's house , they gathered all their chicken and boiled them in a large pot . 
  my great-grandmother tried to stop them , but one of the assholes pointed his rifle at her and yelled `` nyet !, 
  '' , after which he laughed . 
  they were also drunk as fuck most of the time , one of them even forgot his rifle after they left . 
  it 's not . 
  only if my grandmother , along with pretty much every old person from my country is making shit up . 
  i know you probably learn in school that the red army was made up of heroes , who were welcomed with open ~ ~ arms ~ ~ legs all over eastern europe . 
  reality is a bit different than that . 
  dude , in the second world war , regular russian soldiers killed or raped pretty much every civilian from odessa to berlin . 
  my grandmother told me a woman from her village actually died after the russians raped her with a broom handle . 
  russians who do n't value human life , that 's pretty unsurprising . 
  your president has more residences than ceausescu had . 
  stick to english . 
  and moldova celebrates christmas twice . 
  he was n't actually smoking , just rolling it . 
  plus smoking is not yet banned in all public institutions , though it will be soon . 
  yeah , that was exactly the first thing that came into my mind when i saw that flag . 
   yet of course the exact circumstances and reasons of the murder could change a lot . 
  well , what happened was that he , along with another guy met with the victim on the pretext of repaying $ 200 which they owed her . 
  upon meeting her however , they instead asked her to give them more money , the victim refused , they became hostile , the victim started screaming , the guy from romania 's got talent held her while the other guy tried to strangle her with his belt . 
  when that failed , he pulled out a pocket knife and slit her throat . 
  they then got in a car and drove away , but were stopped by a police patrol trying to leave the city and identified by the bloody clothes . 
  well , he did lie about why he was convicted . 
  so there 's that . 
  also , many people are against promoting someone who has been behind bars , especially for something like murder . 
  actually , he was n't even released yet afaik , he still has a couple of months to serve , but since its his last year , he is allowed to go outside the prison to work and participate in `` cultural events '' . 
  in romania , i guess if you look only at the young , educated , middle class urban people , yeah , you could consider us western , but that 's not exactly representative of the entire population . 
  even these people often have to deal with many third world problems that someone from a western country might not be accustomed with , like poor infrastructure , corrupt doctors , professors and policemen and an extremely backward bureaucracy . 
  for example , i noticed many people on this sub like to make fun of belgian roads , but i 'm sure they have never seen how awful romanian roads can be , or even worse , bulgarian ones . 
  the romanian tv network `` protv '' has issued and apology and decided to kick a contestant after it was revealed he was a murderer . 
  the contestant told the jury he had been in prison 11 years for `` keeping secret a murder committed by a friend '' . 
  he was acclaimed by the jury for his narrative and drawing skills . 
  however , it was soon revealed he was an active participant in the murder of a 25 year old woman . 
  a public scandal later ensued , prompting the tv network to issue an apology , and disqualify the contestant . 
  i do n't know about the former yugoslavia , but here in romania , people over 40 are basically the new internet generation . 
  they basically discovered the internet about 5 years ago and they act and comment like 15 year old kids who discovered the internet in the early 2000s . 
  luckily , they generally stick to facebook , news sites and blogs , very few are on reddit . 
  maybe greece has a different constitution ? 
  and a different constitutional court . 
  here , the constitutional court has more trust than the parliament or government ever had . 
  they tried to do this shit in romania as well , it was rejected by the constitutional court . 
  i do n't think packaging matters all that much when someone becomes a smoker . 
  back in the days of `` carpa\u021bi '' cigarettes here in romania , there were actually more smokers than there are today , despite those cigarettes being simply awful . 
  even today , there are many people happily smoking contraband cigarettes from serbia which reek of dead corpses . 
  i think packaging might influence only which brand a smoker might choose , not wether they are a smoker or not . 
  think about weed , it does n't even come in a proper package , you can never be sure about the quality , it 's expensive , illegal in many countries , yet many people still smoke it . 
  i think its because a lot of people get `` work cars '' . 
  its actually cheaper for an employer to reward an employee with a car , rather than a payrise , since he does n't have to pay tax . 
  it is . 
  i found even russian to be easier to learn than german . 
  close , but not quite . 
  romania , ofc . 
  oh romanians are quite nationalistic about their language , but not necessarily in a french way . 
  more in the grammar nazi way . 
  they expect everyone who speaks romanian to do it perfectly . 
  i 've read many great articles , but if the author was careless enough to lose even a hyphen , there would be at least 2-3 comments mentioning nothing about the content , but only about the missed hyphen . 
  if he missed a hyphen and a second i ( or added an extra i by accident ) , half of the comments would be discussing his mistakes . 
  if he made more than two mistakes , everyone would be calling him illiterate . 
  also , there are many people who simply refuse to use the letter \u00e2 , even though the spelling change was introduced 22 years ago . 
  i am assume you 're talking about linus . 
  well , if this chart shows anything , it shows that there 's no direct correlation between the number of people with tertiary education and economic development . 
  it 's quality that matters , not quantity . 
  why are they always full of blood when drunk ? 
  [ there 's only one country where the police could be so retarded ] ( http://i.imgur.com/derx03o.jpg ) ( for starters , it 's stupidly dangerous to step out in the middle of a motorway where the speed limit is 130 km/h ) . 
  in the us , most people released from jail reoffend eventually . 
  why are they doing this ? 
  afaik , belarus does n't have a big budget deficit . 
  oh , but where will they go ? 
  i do n't think going to the eu is that easy , especially if you are an unemployed belorussian . 
  would be fun if he ends up being a punk in prison . 
  i do n't really think it matters since the term `` first world '' has mostly lost its meaning . 
  people may use the term to refer to oecd countries , us + eu + japan + south korea , or just to us + western europe and japan . 
  if you 're asking wether i think the czech republic is an advanced economy , i would say yes . 
  obviously not as advanced as the us , britain , germany , the netherlands etc. 
  but it 's definitely closer to them than it is to some former soviet union countries , like ukraine , belarus , moldova for example . 
  is it me or does it seem like no one gives a fuck about driving rules ? 
  what 's with all those cars going the wrong way ? 
  the real question is what the fuck is erdogan doing in romania ? 
  i thought european leaders were avoiding him like the plague ? 
  but then erdogan went full retard . 
  oh , did n't notice .
