  which is not . 
  moldova not being a proper , fully functional state is the main reason transnistria actually exists . 
  the only difference between moldova and transnistria is that moldova has international recognition . 
  because its not and ca n't be . 
   not so easy . 
  well , it 's not very hard hard either , the former yugoslavia ( bosnia especially ) is basically a textbook example how you can turn communities against each other . 
  the problem is that it comes with side effects , like a total bloodbath and collective trauma . 
   could transnitria survive on its own , if russian-backed goverment is kicked out , all surrounding countries get friendly to it , and imf ( + eu ? ), 
  would help financing it for a few years . 
  can transnistria get balanced budget and somehow normal way of life , while independent ? 
  well , the short answer is no way . 
  the long answer is that transnistria has no real economy and is highly dependent on russian subsidies . 
  for starters , transnistria owes like $ 600 million to gazprom only . 
  its entire gdp is around $ 800 million , with a budget deficit of around 12 % of gdp . 
  then , you have to take into consideration it does n't have any real economy , the only major company there is sheriff , which owns just about everything , from ( whatever remains of ) factories , gas stations , supermarkets , the only isp , the only telephone service provider , tv channels , the only major soccer club , you get the picture . 
  pensions are paid by russia . 
  they make kalashnikovs with no serial numbers that get sold by weapon traffickers all over the world . 
  it 's just the perfect example of a totally failed state . 
   moldova would provide intelligence do you seriously think anyone would trust the sis ? 
  probably a third of its employees work for russia , a third for romania and a third for plahotniuc . 
  if by sizeable you mean like 10 % , then yeah . 
  only transnistria has a significant russian population . 
  the problem in moldova are russian speakers and putin has always mentioned russian speakers along with ethnic russians when talking about `` protection '' . 
  `` russian speakers '' is a very vague and dangerous term , considering pretty much every moldovan can speak russian to at least some degree . 
  i think that 's just provocative talk , i know dodon is n't what you 'd call a genius , but i doubt he would be so stupid to actually put this in practice . 
  at most , he 'd grant a few hundred citizenships to some anti-american conspiratards and enjoy the media circus that would unfold . 
  that would be next to impossible without some serbian style ethnic cleansing , since transnistria is such a cluster fuck . 
  there are villages with romanian majority , then there are villages with ukrainian majority , then there are villages with no majority ( i.e. 
  30/30/40 ) and then you have the cities , none of which have any majority . 
  transnistria was actually important for moldova before the war , since it was its most industrialized area ( a sort of donbass of moldova ) . 
  the russians were always scared of the prospect of moldova joining romania , so that 's why the never industrialized it . 
  after the soviet union collapsed , the risk for moldova joining romanian increased immensely , so that 's why transnistria seceded . 
  today , it 's probably safe to assume that whatever industry transnistria had , has been sold for scrap , so there is n't much left there , except for some factory that makes kalashnikovs which are sold on the black market . 
  the only reason russia still supports it is because money is being laundered there and it 's a way to control moldova . 
  if moldova would let go and transnistria would become an independent legit state ( democratic institutions and everything ) the russians would lose interest because they could n't conduct their dirty business there anymore . 
   will we invade it along with ~ ~ moldovia and ~ ~ romania ? 
  moldova could n't invade a shopping mall if it wanted to . 
  meanwhile , transnistrian state ~ ~ propaganda ~ ~ tv [ says everything is going to be alright . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjajc1mtcd0 ), 
  the only thing ukraine needs to do is to secure and close its border with transnistria . 
  which would be a good idea anyway since probably a bunch of pro-russians come from transnistria . 
  romania could help moldova secure its part of the border and then transnistria would be literally starved to death . 
  not to mention its passports are pretty much novelty items outside their own `` country '' . 
  every single citizen has either moldovan or russian citizenship , most have both . 
  it can hardly be considered a state . 
  transnistria is roughly 1 third romanian , one third ukrainian and one third russian . 
  most citizens are brainwashed and pro-russia . 
  if romania and ukraine could get the romanians and ukrainians to unite against the pro-russian government , it would mean pretty much endgame for transnistria . 
  since transnistria is pretty much subsidized by russia , making the standard of living higher than that of moldova , especially for pensioners , doing that would be as easy as bribing them . 
  so it would be a purely financial deal . 
  he said that before he took office as president , i would n't count on it if i was moldovan . 
  oh , so i guess [ this commercial ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wblhuyx4yrm ) would be considered unacceptable in sweden . 
  oh , okay , i found the picture on / r/romania , did n't know it was fake . 
  yeah , but is n't feminism supposed to reduce such things as sexual harassment ? 
  i thought euronews was one of the most unbiased channels . 
  their reporting is so neutral , it 's almost boring to watch . 
  i think this should be implemented in romania as well . 
  most criminals that get under a year prison terms either get a suspended sentence , or , in the worse case scenario , they get an `` open '' prison regime , which means they can go for work or other activities during the day , but have to return to the prison at night . 
  i find this quite pointless . 
  inb4 `` erdogan : the eurozone was my idea '' . 
  i find it interesting that sexual harassment is most prevalent in countries where the feminist movement is strongest . 
  moldova is independent only in theory , in practice it is more or less a failed state . 
  i 'm sure there are more sri/sie and fsb double agents working in the moldovan security services than there are actual legit employees . 
   it usually does n't compensate the fact that we have to spend at least 100 $ if we want to step on mainland europe . 
  that 's fucking ridiculous . 
  it 's cheaper for romanians to go to london than it is for you to step on the mainland . 
  the map is from last june . 
  the exchange rate has changed since then , by a lot . 
  back in the days of the silk road , there was a guy who was shipping quality cigarettes from moldova to the uk , at about # 20 a carton ( so # 2 a pack ) . 
  the how come your cigarettes are so much cheaper ? 
  why do you get a `` special discount tax '' ? 
  hmm , i always thought they came from china . 
  well if they are exclusively sold illegally , you still have to give credit to the criminals for not trying to impersonate existing brands . 
  are n't you like ... part of spain ? 
  here in romania we adopted a slightly different solution . 
  owners of bars and restaurants can decide to be smoke free . 
  but then , they have to follow the rules . 
  most bars and restaurants are for smokers , but you can still find some that are smoke free . 
  also , shopping malls are generally smoke free , with smoking being allowed only within enclosed lounges . 
   i know who smokes just buys tobacco and rolls their own cigarettes , it 's astronomically cheaper i believe . 
  yeah , it is . 
  i know this from my romanian friends over there . 
  almost no romanian living in the uk buys cigarettes there . 
  maybe they accidentally an euro bulgaria . 
  also , which country are you from ? 
  a 200g bag of m&m 's is like $ 2 here . 
  chocolate is of fat . 
  well , considering norway has 2.4 times the gdp per capita of the uk , you could consider that cigarettes are still relatively more expensive in the uk . 
  lol , i just hope they are n't made from dead kebabs or something ( although that would explain the smell ) . 
  we get smuggled cigarettes from serbia here in western romania , mostly the `` fast '' and `` marble '' varieties . 
  the fast ones smell like a dead body during putrefaction . 
  no , it just encourages contraband . 
  but if that can be stopped , people will eventually quit . 
  before 2005 , romanian cigarettes were dirt cheap , just like moldovan ones . 
  since the introduction of the excises , the number of smokers was reduced by about a third and it 's very rare today to see someone who consistently smokes more than a pack a day ( before 2005 , many smokers were smoking at least two packs a day ) . 
   can somebody fill me in on the quality of polish , czech , latvian etc. 
  tobacco products ? 
  i no longer smoke , but back when i did , i smoked `` kent '' cigarettes , which are probably the most popular cigarettes in romania , at least among young people and they are pretty good quality . 
  when i went to the us , there were no kent cigarettes , so i switched to marlboro at first and then pall mall . 
  i found the romanian marlboro cigarettes slightly better than the american variety but the american pall mall were better than the romanian ones .
