  also , both romania and moldova were extremely poor at the time ( unlike west germany ) and romania simply could not afford the financial effort required to integrate moldova into romania . 
  no country would agree to the obligations the eu implies , without also gaining the benefits of being a member ( representation in eu parliament , free movement of people , same rights etc. 
  since politicians started making promises of romania joining schengen area and some eu members ( netherlands , germany , france , finland ) opposing membership for romania and bulgaria because of corruption , things have really started moving in the right direction . 
  more romanian politicians are in prison then ever before ( most notoriously , the former romanian pm , adrian nastase , who was really close to also becoming president in 2004 , with 48 % of the vote ) . 
  yeah but you ca n't `` own '' a country with just a trade partnership . 
  a huge part of the romanian economy for example is either owned or financed somehow by western european companies . 
  romania is it 's second largest trade partner , after russia . 
  russia could n't stop the baltic states from joining the eu and nato , they could n't have stopped moldova if they did n't collaborate . 
  ever since independence , moldova has constantly shifted back and forth from russia to romania and now both countries watch moldova with suspicion . 
  other than romania , poland and maybe the baltics , no one in the eu even cares about moldova . 
  maybe if moldova had clearly stated and supported it 's orientation ( towards russia or romania ) they would probably be better off right now , but that 's just a thought . 
  i would n't say most of them hate romania , since around a third of them have or are seeking romanian citizenship . 
  their leaders since 2009 have all been pro-romanian , with the former interim president mihai ghimpu and also the mayor of chisinau , dorin chirtoaca , openly expressing unionist views . 
  someone could say the same about poland , it depends how you look at the problem . 
  did they create some problems to other eu countries because of migration ? 
  yes , but not to the extent uk media claims , for example . 
  did the eu benefitted from letting these countries in ? 
  definitely , they have been expanding their businesses there ever since . 
  nominal gdp per capita is not a good indicator of the quality of life because it does not take into account the relative purchasing power . 
  yes , poor neighbours , but moldova is in a whole nother league . 
  ppp gdp per capita 2013 ( us$ ) : romania : 13.4 k ukraine : 7.4 k moldova : 3.7 k quite a difference i would say, 
  according to the imf the per capita ( ppp ) gdp of ukraine in 2013 was 7400 us$ . 
  i do n't think ukraine is being considered for eu membership any time soon though . 
  for me it 's clear that the economic situation in moldova has little to do with russia and more to do with the incompetence of it 's own political class . 
  what i ca n't understand is how it is possible for a democratic peaceful country to end up in this situation and maybe discuss a possible solution to the problem . 
  maybe they are popular in poland , but that 's still not enough to sustain the economy of a country with 3.5 million people, 
  well , usually it 's very easy to differentiate between a romanian criminal gang and roma criminal gang . 
  if the gang is focused on begging or stealing , it 's roma 99 % of time . 
  if it 's focused on prostitution or carding , it 's probably romanian . 
  why ca n't we make some incursions into russian airspace and `` accidentally '' drop a bomb on the kremlin while putin is inside ? 
  seems britain and romania have more in common than i thought . 
  nobody is saying there are no romanian thieves , back in college , when i went to the us for the summer and worked as a shop assistant , most shoplifters i caught were actually white , 100 % americans , not blacks or immigrants . 
  the problem with the romas , and [ even they will admit to this ] ( http://youtu.be/snhhjh81gxe?t=2m4s ) , is that a disproportionate number of people who still or do other illegal stuff . 
  historically , the ottomans . 
  today , we do n't have any problems with the turks , but our relations with them are quite cold . 
  second to the turks are the hungarians , we have decent relations with them , but we do n't like orban very much . 
  however , this would definitely change for the worse if jobbik will come to power . 
  as for rivals , maybe all the former commie central european countries which have better economies than us . 
  no , britain is our colony , we made a deal to split it with the poles . 
  we pick the fruit , they clean the toilets . 
  hungary is the same color as romania and bulgaria and greece is even better . 
  i say the economist is full of shit . 
  needs moar freedom . 
  well , cyprus is a member of the eu , the trnc does n't officially exist , so i guess that probably makes you european . 
  it depends how you people identify , i 'm not particularly informed about the situation of turkish cypriots and i guess many europeans are n't very well informed either . 
   and yes , most of them were illiterate but i never had problems talking to them . 
  i 'm sure you would n't have any problems talking with [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmnws6gveku ) . 
   and why would that be ? 
  because people from the big cities never do small talk ? 
  they only talk about the intrinsic nihilism of the universe ? 
  give me a break . 
  no , it 's just extremely hard to hold a conversation with people who talk like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryl54drov9i ), 
   i do n't see a lot of people getting upset about the catholic poland being in the eu ( though maybe i just missed that and there was back when ) , but i do see strong opposition to immigration from islamic countries or turkey joining the eu . 
  the islam/christianity split may play a significant role . 
  well , polish immigrants just mind their own business , cleaning toilets and whatnot , they do n't have a tendency to blow shit up or kill people . 
  ahh , these slavs . 
   unless you 're in something illegal ( prostitution , whatnot ) or own one of those places in the city centre that might have a connection with organised crime , there is n't usually the danger of ` that kind of people ' coming after you ... and your car . 
  well , we do n't know if they had any connection with organized crime , but anything is possible . 
  but i find it extremely implausible that someone just decided to burn some cars because they had romanian license plates . 
  and again , satu mare is not a particularly populous county , so 5 cars with sm license plates parked on the same street in a suburb of rome makes it like a 99 % chance that the victims are related to each other . 
  if they were n't into anything shady/illegal and just randomly targeted for being romanian , then why would n't they press charges ? 
  also , i do n't know about rome , but in romania , setting cars on fire is a very popular tactic among loan sharks to intimidate debtors . 
  of course it did . 
  sure not for everyone , there are still villages in parts of romania where people still live like they did a few hundred years ago and are mesmerized when they see an airplane , but it did change society as a whole . 
  before wwii , land was the central concept in romania as 80 % of the population was rural . 
  money was secondary to land , people were classed as rich and poor by how much land they owned ( and ofc the quality of the land ) , not by money . 
  today , 55 % of the romanian population is urban and the difference between people living in cities and villages is massive in almost every aspect . 
  just to get a grasp at how big the difference is , imagine someone from my city of timisoara ( western romania ) can easily hold a conversation with someone from iasi ( eastern romania ) but it would be very hard to hold a conversation with someone from the rural parts in eastern romania . 
  [ this is how we deal with it in romania ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sctpvleewjs ) . 
  before the communists took power in romania , 40 % of the population was illiterate . 
  today , only 1 % are illiterate and most of them are roma . 
  so draconian measures do work , just not for everyone . 
  yeah , that 's an exception , but they got rid of fixed speed cameras in other parts of the country afaik . 
   either way , it speaks a lot about a society when cars get torched because they care the number plate of a country . 
  the cars all have romanian license plates , but what is n't mentioned in the article but can be observed in the video is that they also have sm license plates . 
  now , satu mare is not a particularly populous county , so 5 cars , all with sm license plate parked on the same street in a rome suburb is extremely odd unless the people are related ( in more ways than their nationality ) . 
  also , if this was a xenophobic attack committed by a random person , why are they afraid to press charges ? 
  my guess is that they know who the arsonist ( s ) is/are and they also know the motive , like unpaid debt to a loan shark or unpaid protection fee ( this is italy after all ) . 
  it 's interesting that all the cars have satu mare license plates . 
  maybe the cars all belonged to the same family/group of people ? 
  i also find it weird that the people decided not to press charges . 
  i have my doubts about this being a xenophobic attack , this was clearly premeditated and i think the arsonists might have had some other motive besides xenophobia ( like unpaid debts or some other personal issues ) . 
  in romania there are no speed cameras , just cops that hide in the bushes with radar guns . 
  fortunately , they generally pick the same spots , so if you know an area really well you can generally avoid them . 
  i have to admit , this is an excelent piece of propaganda . 
  not yet , but we 're getting there : - elena basescu , an mep , is the daughter of former president traian basescu . 
  - daciana sarbu , also an mep , is the daughter of ilie sarbu , a powerful politician and wife of pm victor ponta ( who would probably still be just a wanker , if it was n't for his father in law ) so yeah , we do n't really have any powerful political dynasties yet , but i would n't be surprised if we start having them in the next 10-20-30 years , because nepotism is very popular in romania . 
  you can go switzerland on it ( switzerland simply banned minarets through a referendum ) . 
  it probably would make sense to connect the major cities in eastern europe ( at least the ones in countries that are part of the eu ) to the ones in western europe . 
  connecting athens to thessaloniki does n't make a lot of sense , but connecting athens to sofia , bucharest , budapest , vienna and then onwards to western europe would make sense imho . 
  why would people search for how much a prostitute costs in moldova or ukraine ? 
  you have to be a total failure if you ca n't get laid for free in those countries . 
  anyway , searching `` cat costa '' in romanian , you get : - a passport - an mri - your brain - a tattoo - a vignette ( road tax ), 
  who the hell is saying otherwise ? 
  yes , he did inherit the debt , but he also inherited an economy that was just starting to heal itself and seriously damaged it , for no real reason , other than throwing a tantrum in front of everybody . 
  the effects of this will be really long term , but unfortunately people never seem to learn , pretty sure 10 years from now , when their economy will still be shit , they will continue to blame the imf , troika etc. 
  because he 's an idiot surrounded by a bunch clowns . 
  he really has no idea how things work . 
  the reason people voted him was desperation and desperate people tend to vote for populists . 
  tsipras and his clowns are also pretty close to turning greece into some kind of third world area .
