   maybe $ 500 if you land a job at a private health network . 
  in a private heath clinic ? 
  lol , what are you talking about ? 
  my cousin works at a private clinic in arad and she makes like $ 1800 per month ( she 's 31 ) . 
  i do n't know about croatia , but romania is n't fucking around with illegal immigration . 
  on the border with serbia there are tons of flir cameras , drones , patrol cars , atvs and whatnot , they rarely get through . 
  they do n't have as much an incentive to sneak into romania , as romania is n't part of the schengen treaty . 
  the ones that do try usually get captured quickly , we do n't see many illegals freely roaming the streets here . 
  holy f. . . , hungary better hurry up with that fence . 
  officially , yes . 
  unofficially , they probably make $ 2.000 - $ 10.000 per month if you add up the bribes . 
  depends on their specialization though . 
  a country can be unitary without being centralized . 
  unitary simply means that the central government reigns supreme and can choose which powers it delegates to local authorities . 
  romania is very centralized because local authorities have very little power and are dependent on how much money the government decides to give them . 
   that is correct and it applies to romania too if it dropped all the manele nonsense . 
  manele is n't culturally relevant , just a bunch of gypsy farts , it is as relevant to romanian culture as the punk or emo subcultures are relevant to western countries . 
  romanian culture has a lot of western influences , that 's why we celebrate christmas on december 24th , for example . 
  yep , romania is a very centralized country . 
  only a few days ago , the high court decided that local authorities do n't have the right to impound illegally parked vehicles and that only the government or parliament can decide this . 
  this effectively resulted in a nationwide ban on impounding vehicles . 
   with the anti-corruption drive and all this , if it continues we may have to officially move you from eastern europe to central or southern europe !, 
  / s romania was only briefly ( after the second world war ) politically part of `` eastern europe '' ( as in close to the ussr ) . 
  as soon as ceausescu took over , romania was doing its own thing , more like yugoslavia or albania . 
  of course , ceausescu was n't tito , but he was n't a soviet puppet either . 
  imho , other than the language , moldova is much closer to the fsu culturally , no matter how hard unionists from both moldova and romania want to deny this . 
  i do n't know how legit the numbers for hungary are . 
   the rationale is that parents do not have the expertise or knowledge to properly police their children 's access to the internet . 
  for a parent , an internet filter is pretty useful . 
  in past times , you could stick a computer in a shared space and be done , but now with internet on phones it 's quite difficult to monitor a child 's internet activity ( remembering a child is anything up to 18 ) . 
  kids watch porn anyway . 
  most people my age have watched porn as kids and are n't social failures . 
  it 's not such a big thing imho . 
  well anyway , i doubt it would be easy to find an assassin willing to kill her . 
  i mean , it 's one thing to find a assassin willing to kill some random businessman and whole different thing to kill the head of anticorruption . 
  if they do find one , it 's probably going to be some crazy moldovan , as i doubt any romanian would have the balls to do this , but moldovan assassins are rather incompetent , take vitalie proca for example . 
  i do n't think that 's gon na happen , that woman is made of steel , she 's also protected by the same agency that protects the president and the pm . 
  that 's actually true , not only for russia , but also for western countries . 
  no , it would be the complete opposite . 
  as i said , at this point most people do n't realize that moldova has major problems + it 's 4 times poorer than romania . 
  when people will face the fact that they have to pay for the unification from their pockets , a lot of them will back out and vote against . 
  anyway , this is a non-issue , as most moldovans are against unification anyway . 
   the only real research shows that even with 60 % devaluation , inflationary pressures are negligible . 
  greece imports a lot of stuff , inflation would simply skyrocket . 
  maybe because on the first day it would be like 1 drachma = 1 euro and a couple of days later it would be 2 drachmas = 1 euro . 
  just a guess , but i think if bank accounts would be converted into drachmas , people would scramble to find ways to get their money out of greece before the conversion takes place , at any cost . 
  the name `` monta '' was used during the election campaign to mock ponta . 
  it is a wordplay with the words `` muie ponta '' ( `` f ** k ponta '' ) , which by exchanging the first letters resulted in `` puie monta '' , which was a popular anti-ponta slogan . 
  let 's just hope that , unlike porn , this stuff is for real . 
  there 's also b\u0103l\u021bi , which has [ this guy ] ( http://www.biziday.ro/wp-contents/uploads//2014/11/rise-usatii-arma.jpg ) as mayor , voted with like 80 % , i shit you not . 
  other than chi\u0219in\u0103u , some rural areas and a few towns , you wo n't find many pro-romanian moldovans . 
  if we do ever unite with moldova , i just hope transnistria becomes independent or goes to ukraine or something , so when the union happens , we can trade the russians living in moldova for the romanians living in transnistria . 
  you forgot about chernivtsi oblast , which should also go to romania . 
  also we do n't want the entire odessa oblast , just budjak . 
  not quite . 
  moldova was part of romania only for 22 years , between 1918 and 1940 . 
  most people i know probably could n't name 5 cities from the republic of moldova . 
  they support unification because they do n't really know what we would be getting ourselves into . 
  if there would be an actual referendum , there would be debates about it and people would start realizing that if we unite with moldova , we would be the ones paying for it . 
  so yeah , currently 80 % of romanians support unification , but i assure you that in the event of an actual referendum , that percentage would be very different . 
  east germany 's gdp per capita was 1/2 of west germany 's , while moldova 's gdp per capita is around 1/4 of romania 's . 
  i 'd say it 's a pretty big difference . 
   most likely restricting moldovans from seeking employment in other eu countries for a certain period . 
  that 's not exactly possible , only if moldova joins the eu as a separate country , if it gets absorbed into romania , moldovans would automatically get romanian citizenship . 
  on the other side , it 's pretty much irrelevant , since romania hands out romanian citizenships to moldovans like it 's fucking candy . 
  just last year , there was a case of some pro-russian singer , who barely spoke romanian , bragging about her romanian citizenship on facebook . 
  it generated some political scandal , a romanian mp with moldovan origins said he would fight to have here citizenship retracted , she was called over at the embassy to give some explanations but afaik she 's still a romanian citizen . 
  no it does n't . 
  these people are just mindless nationalists , they have zero understanding of economics , international politics etc. 
  they do n't understand what the consequences of such a union would be . 
  romanian politicians have also been very supportive of the union , but only on the declarative level , to win votes , but they do realize it 's unrealistic , if the union happens , romania would have big financial , ethnic and political problems within a few years . 
  russia , as always , is playing a double game here , sometimes they strongly argue for moldovenism , other times , they keep a softer tone . 
  moldova is pretty much shit for russia , they do n't care about it , except transnistria , where they run their dirty business , but if moldova unites with romania it could give them some good leverage over romania since there are more pro-russian regions in moldova than transnistria . 
  they could easily create some unrest and that would be really scary . 
   i get that you 're from timisoara and a statement like that makes you feel all warm and fuzzy , but by whatever standard you can come up with , the city is 4th at best . 
  english :  timisoara is the most developed city after bucharest , and its focus is on attracting foreign investment you are the one who needs to get his facts straight . 
  summary : the romanian a1 motorway has been connected to the hungarian m43 motorway . 
  this is a significant development for the two countries , since it is the first motorway connection between them . 
  for romania , this is also it 's first motorway connection with another country . 
  the inauguration was attended by romanian pm victor ponta and hungarian vice pm zsolt semjen . 
  at the inauguration , semjen also asked the romanian part to reconsider its refusal to open several other local road connections , saying that , although illegal migration poses significant challenges , it should not prevent free travel between the two countries . 
  the motorway is important both for the eastern part of hungary as well as for the western part of romania , as it connects the romanian cities of arad and timisoara to the european motorway network , the latter city also being the second most developed one in romania , after bucharest . 
  in the future , the romanian a1 motorway will also connect bucharest to the hungarian border - [ here is a map ] ( http://www.130km.ro/romanianhighwaymap.gif ), 
  the yugoslav wars were probably the most fucked up in recent history . 
  lots of killing for pretty much nothing . 
  puerto rico 's gdp per capita is around $ 23,000 , while greece 's is around $ 18,000 iirc . 
  this reminds me of a fake story from back in 2010 , some romanian satire site claimed the romanian military made a mistake and sent aid to tahiti instead of haiti . 
  the story was then taken by real foreign news sources and retold as being real . 
  yeah , honestly it was really funny to [ see the guy get out of prison ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdj0slkcrrm ) , especially considering that back in the day ( 2000-2004 ) he was pretty much like a dictator , god himself . 
  it was even funnier when he was sent to prison , the idiot tried to commit suicide but failed , resulting in a massive media circus . 
  if i were you , i would wait for the positive effects of the anti-corruption war to reflect into the general romanian society , if that happens , romania can be a model for any country in europe , since afaik such a massive crackdown on corruption is pretty much unheard of in most countries . 
  that guy is n't technically chief of anti-corruption , ani just checks to see if there are any conflicts of interests , but former pm adrian nastase ( a.k.a bombonel , candyboy in english ) did create the dna and was later sent to prison himself . 
  however , the dna was very different when he created it , it had a lot less power and was involved mostly with small time corruption , he created it because the eu told him to do it . 
  well , this is not technically corruption , more like fraud , although i 'm pretty sure there 's no way you can fuck with money on such a massive scale without at least some politicians being involved . 
  oh , but we can , and we actually did it for a few years before the crisis , with banks offering credit with only your id card and also credits in swiss francs . 
  `` luckly '' , the crisis started before they had enough time to totally screw up the economy . 
  our central bank has been ultra conservative ever since , always keeping interest rates a bit higher than what they technically could . 
  they could lower them at any time , but that would get us in risky territory pretty quickly . 
  romanians ' opinion on the greek crisis : - 25 % support greece ; - 38 % support its creditors ; - 28 % support neither ; - 8 % did n't know what to answer ; - 1 % refused to answer . 
  the crisis has only worsened since tsipras and his bunch of populist clowns took over .
