  democracy is an illusion . 
   i 'd like to see what you 'd do in his place , with russian tanks pouring over your borders . 
  he screwed up , because he tried to take back abkhazia and south ossetia , despite knowing that russia would n't stand by . 
  no one likes russia , but he put his people and country in danger of total destruction . 
  what the hell was he thinking , anyway ? 
  if russia is your neighbor , you do n't act macho if you do n't have any leverage . 
  georgia had zero leverage over russia . 
  that 's actually what mark twain said `` if voting made any difference they would n't let us do it . '', 
  i remember a romanian oligarch quoting him last year : `` if your vote mattered , we would n't let you vote . '', 
  that 's actually a good idea . 
  so , has syriza changed anything since they 've been in power ? 
  us and the bulgarians , bff . 
  also , what 's up with serbia , montenegro and macedonia ? 
  why so lonely ? 
   hmm i have same bday with hoffman fuck , i thought it was albert hoffman . 
  that would have made me really proud . 
  naturalized american born in the croatian part of austria-hungary from serbian parents of istro-romanian descent . 
  good enough ? 
  everyone satisfied ? 
   she already promised a referendum on reintroducing the death penalty . 
  well , that escalated quickly . 
  i thought europeans were over this already . 
  but he is only known for an epic screw-up . 
  so probably not the best example . 
  captain america was a very successful high budget film and stan was in a main role , so he 's a pretty good example . 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's better known globally than inna or alexandra stan . 
  he 's also only 32 , so he has a lot of time to become even more famous than he already is . 
  no , lol , sebastian stan was born in constan\u021ba , which is also the birthplace for alexandra stan ( coincidence ??? 
  ) , and inna ( she was n't actually born in the city of constan\u021ba , but in the constan\u021ba county ) . 
  yeah , smells like bullshit tbh . 
  maybe they 're judging by official north korean statistics . 
  why would russians want to immigrate to ukraine , it 's much poorer than russia ... oh , wait ... 
  i do n't think italy is that popular with romanians nowadays . 
  everyone i know wants to go to britain nowadays . 
  stalin ? 
  does n't really change the fact she was born there , but ok , milla jovovich then . 
  also , i do n't think the opinion of some random , extremist mp is reflective of the entire country . 
  liam neeson - known for schindler 's list , star wars and a whole bunch of other movies colin farell - total recall pierce brosnan - james bond gabriel byrne - the usual suspects saoirse ronan - atonement , city of ember , the lovely bones jack gleeson - game of thrones, 
  liam neeson , colin farell , pierce brosnan , gabriel byrne , saoirse ronan , jack gleeson , just to name a few . 
  did you even [ captain america ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/captain_america:_the_first_avenger ) ? 
  not exactly , maybe contemporary , but it would be more interesting if we talk about people that not everyone already knows were born in x country . 
  for example everyone know ( or at least should ) that van gogh , rembrandt were born in the netherlands , mozart and hitler in austria , bach and beethoven in germany etc. 
  because there 's a shit ton of famous irish people and everyone knows they 're irish . 
  or stanley kubrick and monica lewinsky . 
  nikola tesla is a serb with istro-romanian ancestry born in croatia . 
  make your pick . 
   the current prezident of brazil is a ethnically bulgarian woman . 
  it does n't count though as she was not born in bulgaria and is only partly bulgarian . 
  in a similar manner , one could claim natalie portman is romanian . 
  i assume you are croatian ? 
  having a large economy and being economically developed are two very different things . 
  china and india also have very large economies , yet it does n't change the fact that they 're both very far away from being economically developed . 
  [ human , good enough ? 
  i think it 's about active sim cards , but i could be wrong . 
  lol . 
  i would n't truest a dog leash made in russia , let alone an aircraf carrier . 
  the funny thing is that ukraine supported serbia and never recognized kosovo . 
  these idiots support russia and its annexation of crimea , even though russia used the `` kosovo precedent '' as a pretext . 
  it 's sad that in serbia , which is a country that should 've learned from the past , you can still find many idiots like these guys . 
  last time i went to the us , i paid like $ 700 for a round trip from budapest to washington via london ( british airways ) . 
  i do n't dream of $ 15 transatlantic flights , but i find the current prices quite ridiculous , considering a trip from timisoara to london with wizz air costs like $ 60 . 
  we have some russian students here in timisoara . 
  like born and raised in russia . 
  maybe putin wants to come and protect them from getting small grades . 
  [ it actually works like this . 
  yeah , heard about that , no evidence though . 
  anyway , romania stronk !, 
  well , you have to agree it 's in your best interest . 
  or would you want the times of snegur/lucinschi/voronin to return ? 
  still too many women , [ since a lot of them are looking online for westerners to marry . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dyow_rd2vm ), 
  sure looks like him , but its not . 
  i doubt lukashenko ever visited transnistria . 
  [ yeah , he actually speaks romanian as well . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3aficg6nys ), 
  man , no offense , but i think you 're taking the moldovan government too seriously . 
  if romania and ukraine decided transnistria was too much of a problem for the region and needs to be dealt with , all you could do is step aside and enjoy some bags of semin\u021be while tanks and apcs roll in from both sides . 
  moldova has n't been able to solve anything in the 24 years since gaining independence . 
  yep . 
  i think we should keep them on a leash , make sure they do n't do some stupid shit like they did in the past . 
  give them some money , some scholarships , some passports ( but on strict conditions to make sure we do n't give more passports to people like irina tarasiuc ) and support their eu bid . 
  that should be enough to keep them in line , no need for the clusterfuck that unification would be . 
  i would n't trust survey data on stuff like this , last time there was a survey like this on infrastructure , romania came like second to last , below many african countries , which is obviously far from reality . 
   however romania , if it dreams at a union with moldova that 's just political bullshit . 
  if you ask any romanian about reunification with moldova , they 'll be like `` of course , they 're our brothers and shit '' , but if it became a real topic and things like the economic and political impacts would be discussed , i 'm sure the excitement would drop , significantly . 
  romanians would probably be more likely to vote for unification with germany , if it came to it , rather than moldova . 
  glad you like our women , but i 'm sure russians already have enough hot women , especially considering their sex ratio is like 0.80 males/female . 
  it 's about natural gas , not oil . 
  we never actually depended on russian gas imports , they were at most 10 % of the total consumption . 
  also , bessarabia is the republic of moldova , it does n't even have any resources , let alone gas or oil . 
  yeah , because it 's not like they could pretend to work for moldova and instead follow their own interests . 
  look at ukraine , how do you think it 's possible that the rebels always seem to have the upper hand , while the ukrainians are constantly shooting themselves in the foot ? 
  this would n't be possible without some insiders in the sbu and uaf . 
   what is particularly ironic is that you acted as an over zealous conspiracy theorist to then realize that you were wrong it 's not my fault that the views of putin bots and conspiratards tend to overlap . 
  i can sympathize more with putin bots though , they likely have a family to feed and no better job prospects , so at least they have an excuse . 
   this retardation is why i 'm firmly against you . 
  i initially thought you were a putin bot , but after looking at your post history i came to the conclusion that you are just a conspiratard . 
   if ukraine cuts that , transnistria will be 100 percent dependant on moldova , giving moldova king maker power over transnistria . 
  without open borders , transnistria dies as it has no port , no airport and checkpoints only with ukraine ( odessa ) and moldova ( chisinau ) . 
  well , i see some assumptions there , such as moldova being a fully functional state .
