  they came in with the `` greece stronk , greece not bow down to nazi germoney '' message . 
  well , what can i say , looks like that message is working out great for them ... / s, 
   you 're just making this about us because you dislike us at which point did i say i disliked you ( as in disliking uk people ) ? 
  i only dislike your politicians and the way your country is run . 
   also our laws do n't apply to you in your country , eu laws apply to almost everyone in the eu . 
  that 's true , neither do american laws apply in my country ** directly ** . 
  however , since the uk is a member state that is also considered civilized , free and democratic , it means laws like these could give ideas to politicians in my country . 
  for example , there was an attempt last year to pass a law that would require people who purchase prepaid cellphone cards to have to present their ids and have their data collected . 
  the politicians who supported this gave germany as an example which does have such a law . 
  the law was actually adopted , but luckily it was struck down by the constitutional court . 
  if all eu countries just agreed that it 's not ok to spy on citizens i 'm pretty sure politicians here would n't even dare propose such a law , but as long as other countries do it , citing things like terrorism ( which is n't even really an issue here ) , it will still affect us , even if indirectly . 
  guess he can thank tsipras for that . 
  also , ukraine is in a far worse situation economically , not to mention the war , and honestly they do n't seem as butthurt as the greeks . 
  how is cameron any better ? 
  in the uk you can to jail for not handing out your encryption keys , not to mention the gchq being about as bad as the nsa . 
  there are many things i do n't like about the eu but just as many as i do n't like about the uk . 
   life is harder in romania and bulgaria and a number of other countries , also through no fault of the people . 
  that 's not exactly true , not for romania at least . 
  firstly , there are many greeks who are looking for work here , some have businesses , most arrived within the past few years , so it 's not some extravagant wealthy people who decided they liked romania , but actually people escaping from really bad economic conditions . 
  secondly , even though greece has a higher gdp per capita than romania ( $ 24,000 vs $ 20,000 ) a very large portion of that is government spending , a lot of which goes into repaying debts , which means the actual private economy in greece is very small atm . 
   unemployment in romania , bulgaria , poland ( a few years ago ) and other places would be comparably high to your own , if a couple million people did not seek temporary employment elsewhere . 
  you should take into account the fact that there 's a lot of greeks who left their country in the past few years as well . 
  unemployment in greece would be enormous if those people would still be in the country . 
   the old trams seemed to hold off the heat better than those new types we have in graz now . 
  i do n't know how the new trams in graz are , but in vienna i also liked the old trams better . 
  sure , the new ones look kinda cool on the outside , also have ultra low floors , but for some reason i still think the old ones are a lot nicer . 
  they imported some of those vienna new trams in [ oradea as well ] ( http://i.imgur.com/s2o8wgw.jpg ) , but from what i heard , people there do n't like them very much either . 
   i 'm from austria , and they do n't even have ac in public buildings most of the time , except for shopping malls , some hospitals and some in public transport ( but at least in my city , you 're lucky if the drivers turn it on for the people ) . 
  i 've spent an entire summer in vienna , a few years ago , i mostly used public transit , but i do n't remember it being very hot inside buses or trams . 
  i thought that not turning on the ac on public transport was something unique to romania , but that 's understandable because we 're sort of a backwards country . 
  is it even possible to get `` kicked out '' from the euro ? 
  what a fucking idiot !, 
  so , basically i pay like $ 12 per month for my home 1 gbps unlimited connection and $ 29 per month for my mobile contract with 4g speeds and a 5gb bandwidth cap . 
  torrents download ultra-fast , youtube , spotify and every other streaming service i can think of works like a charm and every website that is n't hosted on a shitty server loads almost instantly . 
  eli5 , how would this affect me ? 
   i 'm afraid someone will get rich by making a joke in the internet . 
  it would n't be the first time ... 
  yeah , until you consider the second largest city voted for [ this guy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yqkovdj.jpg ) as mayor . 
  if i had a child and the school would send me a letter telling me how my child should dress because of the muslim refugee camp nearby i would sue them without hesitation . 
  when someone comes to my house , they do n't tell me how to behave in my own freaking house , if those people do n't like european values , they are free to go f. . . themselves . 
  i 've seen some of the videos from that `` pride parade '' , it 's not about turkey being a muslim country , imho naked people simulating oral sex acts in the middle of the street should n't be allowed anywhere . 
  albanians are mostly weekend muslims , i have a friend from kosovo , they do n't really give much of a fuck about religion there . 
  so what ? 
  pretty sure ceausescu had a higher rating in 1989 . 
  i know a guy who 's fuckin ' 30 and still living with his parents , so yeah , pretty common around these here parts . 
  it 's also extremely common for people in the countryside to live with their parents indefinitely , basically until they die . 
  really not uncommon to have 3 generations living under the same roof . 
  there would be no point in invading , they do n't want donbass to be a part of russia , it would require lots of investment money that russia does n't have ( or does n't want to spend ) , they 're doing all of this because they want to turn ukraine into a total shithole , so that it wo n't be able to join either the eu or nato . 
  they hope that people will become tired of the constant war/instability and will go back to sucking russian dick . 
  at least , that 's probably how putin sees it . 
  to me it sounds like norwegian with a mongolian accent . 
   they gave birth to maria in 2011 in the united kingdom . 
  how does that actually work ? 
  yes , you can find shitty people of any race , ethnic or social background , but when people have predominantly negative experiences with members of a particular racial , ethnic or social group , they tend to generalize . 
  muslims are known for being too radical with their religion , beating their wives , stoning rape victims etc. 
  and gypsies are known for stealing , begging , scamming and not washing themselves . 
  no one is saying all muslims are fanatic wife beating rapists or that all gypsies are smelly thieves and beggars , but reality is that many of them are . 
  yeah , but we 're fucking europe , why ca n't we bribe some shitty third world country to send them there . 
  then it becomes their problem how they deal with the aliens . 
  europe is n't a freaking lifeboat , our economies are barely afloat , we have enogh problems already . 
  also , areas which have lots of african aliens have increased crime rates . 
   we can protect our borders from invasion judging by their numbers , it 's an invasion . 
  why ca n't we just send them back to where they came from ? 
  i smell some major league bullshit in this article . 
  in romania it 's a common form of protest against questionable business practices . 
  for example , a few years ago , gas stations raised prices for no aparent reason and people protested by filling up small amounts ( like 10 lei , or $ 2.2 ) and paying for it in 1 ban coins ( 1 ban = ~ $ 0.0022 ) . 
  why the hell were 1c and 2c coins invented in the first place ? 
  i mean the penny at least has some historical relevance in the us and uk , from the times it was actually worth something . 
  the euro coins though , were put in circulation only 13 years ago and the 1c and 2c coins were not worth shit from the very beginning . 
  the video is basically unedited and the description reads :  the three gypsies were apparently from romania . 
  the three were beaten and slammed but managed to escape as they screamed and requested police help . 
  the chinese manhandled them and pulled their clothes , humiliating them . 
  despite many people witnessing the scene , no one intervened to save the three romanians . 
  i did not find neither the video , nor the description to be propagandistic or provocative in any way . 
   romanians have discriminated the roma for centuries , just as much as jews 70 years ago in most of europe . 
  so if the roma are like this because they were `` discriminated just as much as jews '' , then how come jews can be civilized people while most roma can not ? 
  i do n't really do n't think people care where they come from or what their historical background is . 
  if they would start behaving like normal people , i doubt anyone besides neonazis and crazy nationalistic types would have a problem with them . 
  with gypsies it 's different , over time people have changed their perception of other races for the better , homosexuals are also seen much better than they were before , however with gypsies , no matter what efforts governments and ngos to make people like them , it simply does n't work . 
  i think that 's a hint the problem is not us being racist , but them being unwilling to respect our values . 
  sef means boss in romanian . 
  no one 's trying to push any propaganda , i just saw the video in my news feed and because paris is a pretty big european city , i thought it would be relevant for / r/europe . 
  i did n't check to see who uploaded it , but the video itself is basically unedited , it does n't contain any sort of propaganda . 
  the women in the video are absolutely disgusting , we get to see shit like that way too often . 
  i think the tits out stunt was actually part of their escape strategy , notice how everyone stopped touching them after that . 
  it would n't be really surprising , here in romania it 's very common when there 's a police raid on gypsies for them to get their tits and cunts out for the police and journalists , it 's basically some extreme gypsy version of giving the finger . 
  [ example ] ( https://cataunforgiven.files.wordpress.com/2011/02/1986mare.jpg?w=640 ) - not actually nsfw , but most people would probably find it quite disgusting . 
  mainly `` hahaha '' , ''  ) '' , ''  ) '' or the typical `` lol '' , `` lulz '' , `` kek '' . 
  the romanian prime minister victor ponta is currently at the lowest point of his career . 
  he is strongly contested both by politicians as well as the public for not leaving his office after being charged for multiple criminal offenses . 
  victor ponta just dodged a motion of no confidence with the support of the ruling coalition . 
  ponta 's problems however , are not over as his and his party 's public image is in free fall . 
  websites that monitor political developments in the country have recovered a recording from a few years back ( 2011 ) , before ponta was a prime minister ( 2012 ) . 
  the conversation is between two highly controversial media moguls , sorin ovidiu v\u00e2ntu and sebastian ghi\u021b\u0103 . 
  ghi\u021b\u0103 is describing ponta as a puppet which he uses to increase the ratings for his tv channel , realitatea tv - * [ ... ] and i told ponta : `` i f. . . k your mother !, 
  i 'm making 1 , 2 ratings , you 're going on tv ! '', 
  and the poor guy went , he told me `` i 'm going , what the f. . . k , i 'll make breaking news , i 'll do whatever you want ! '', 
   same when i hear people talk about an orthodox brotherhood . 
  i think that 's only with serbia/russia , i never heard people in my country talk about an `` orthodox brotherhood '' , but we hate all of our neighbours except serbia so that might be the reason . 
  i do n't like religious people in general .
