  many who are not addicted to illegal drugs like heroin , inhale a brand of golden paint known as aurolac ( that 's why they 're often called aurolaci ) . 
  in my city for example , every candidate for town hall has promised to get rid of the homeless people living at the railway station since 2000 . 
  as of 2015 , this has yet to materialize . 
  i doubt this will happen in romania , a lot of people have an aversity to taking loans especially since we had a couple of our own little credit crises and i doubt our treasurer , mugur isarescu , who 's been head of the national bank since like forever , and has lived through hyperinflation , property booms and busts , loans given only with id cards and swiss franc loans will be so stupid to allow something like greece to happen . 
  what do you mean ? 
  being homeless ? 
  there 's homeless people in just about every european capital , not unique to greece . 
  [ things are n't always what they seem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iv1a7ssscvg ), 
  putin 's propaganda is mainly targeted at russians/russian speakers in the forme ussr . 
  you ca n't compare russia with japan and south korea , as these countries are democratic and friendly with the west . 
  putin does n't need the west to love him , he needs his people to fear and hate the west so that they will be easy to manipulate and control and less likely to rebel . 
   because the `` they '' that had it coming have actually shifted their bill onto the next generation . 
  well , the people who `` had it coming '' are n't quite dead yet , so they 're also suffering the consequences . 
  i do n't know how the problem should be solved , maybe they could cut wages to stimulate employment , cut pensions to reduce spending , confiscate the fortunes of the oligarchs , whatever , but i think it should be up to them to solve their problems and make sure shit like this does n't happen again . 
  it wo n't be fair , it wo n't be nice , but having the core eurozone countries pump billions into a black hole is even less fair and much more ugly . 
  i 've heard this argument many times before . 
  well , you know what , it 's not completely fair but someone has to pay the fucking price . 
  life is n't fair . 
  it 's not my fault either that i was born in a country with shitty politicians where the average wage is like $ 500 . 
  but i 'm dealing with it . 
  i do n't blame it on the french , the germans or the fucking slovaks which were dirt poor at the time when greeks were `` living the life '' on borrowed money and did n't even pay taxes . 
  i agree it 's sad greeks have to pay for the mistakes of previous generations . 
  it sucks that there are poor people in greece who have it very bad . 
  but you know what ? 
  there are even shittier countries , where people have it even worse , not in africa or asia , but here in fucking europe , like ukraine , moldova , kosovo , albania , macedonia but nobody is pumping billions of euros into their economies . 
  yep , i 'm ok with caricatures of jesus too . 
  this is 2015 for fuck sake , there 's people who are planning to go to mars and yet a majority still passionately defend their belief in the santa klaus for adults . 
  nope . 
  softronic is owned by ionel ghi\u021b\u0103 , a former teacher , electroputere vfu is owned by gruia stoica , currently in prison . 
  well if we had high-speed railways we would probably be building high speed trains . 
  but we do n't . 
  also , romanians do n't use the trains as much as the french , we have a smaller country , a smaller population density , less tourism so the use of high speed double deck spaceship type trains is quite useless , unless on international routes , but in our shitty neighborhood no one has high speed tracks so it 's simply unfeasible . 
   the same company makes these hyperion trains , so they know what they 're doing . 
  no , afaik the moldovan trains were upgraded by electroputere vfu ( owned by gfr ) in pascani ( eastern romania ) . 
  the hyperion trains are made in craiova by softronic . 
  totally different companies . 
  yep , the same situation is true with romania . 
  in 2003 we bought around 120 of them , it is true that shitty railways and shitty people played a role , but the trains themselves were poor quality as well . 
  around 40 of them have been withdrawn from service and are being used for spare parts . 
  these hyperion trains have been exclusively used on high quality railways , leading to the seaside or mountains and there have n't been any problems with them so far and they are also much more modern and high quality than the desiro trains . 
  however , if they 'll start using them on regional routes that go through shitty areas , it 's quite possible they 'll end up just like the desiro trains . 
  yup , that 's exactly the reason greece has been on the brink of collapse for the past 7 years . 
  an employee must produce more than he is paid ( in order to pay for overhead costs like rent , electricity , taxes etc. ) . 
  wages being kept at artificially high levels means the employers can not afford to keep employees , so naturally they fire them and the remaining ones are required to do double the work they have been doing previously for the same money . 
  of course , no one is going to win elections by promising to cut wages and pensions , so you reach a stalemate , where the situation can only deteriorate until a complete collapse of the economy . 
  greece 's problems did not start when the crisis hit , they started because greece has managed to live well beyond its means for 10-15 years before the crisis and it still is today . 
  for a while , they managed to get away with it , but now they 're paying the price . 
  [ siemens combino ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rkvu7ie.jpg ) [ imperio tram ] ( http://i.imgur.com/c8iu1vp.jpg ) while i agree they look similar , i would n't say it 's a ripoff , many modern trams look alike , another example is the [ bombardier flexity ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hycvq9k.jpg ) . 
   now we have diesel and electric siemenses that are also nice , buuut there are problems - some things already do n't work ( because of stupid exploitation here ) , some retards ( probably from the ghettos ) breaking the expensive windows , stuff like that ... siemens desiro by any chance ? 
  yeah , we have those too , they 're pieces of shit , can confirm . 
   there are countries that are not as wealthy as greece like slovakia . 
  greece being wealthier than slovakia is a myth , carried over from the pre-crisis world . 
  currently , slovakia 's gdp per capita is almost 5 % higher than greece 's ( 24,700 vs 23,600 ) . 
  unemployment in greece is almost twice that in slovakia , even though unemployment in slovakia is quite bad as well ( 27.90 % vs 14.40 % ) . 
  also , slovakia has a lower gini index than greece , which makes the slovakian society more equal . 
  greece today is closer to the bulgaria/romania/croatia league , but even these countries have better medium term prospects ( except croatia , which has some problems ) . 
  it is of course debatable wether slovakia , which is still a relatively poor country compared to westen europe and has never `` lived beyond its means '' , should show solidarity towards greece and contribute money . 
  someone who lives in the north korea of europe and is subjected to full propaganda 24/7 does n't just like russia , they unconditionally love putin . 
  transnistria is basically poorer than the poorest country in europe ( it 's host country , moldova ) and its entire economy survives on illegal arms smuggling and ever lower russian subsidies . 
  the freedom of speech and media freedom are even lower than in russia . 
  if someone from transnistria `` likes '' russia ( or putin , to be exact ) , it 's really no surprise , they just confirm brainwashing works very well . 
  [ this would be a good start ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnbbn1bfez8 ), 
  yep , got ta suck to be slovakian . 
  but you already russian flags and troops in transnistria you dumb fuck . 
  in your case , it 's going to be a romanian flag and good ol' ass whooping after nato liberates all of eastern europe from putin . 
  probably say goodbye to my family , open my window and start yelling '' \u0418\u0434\u0438 \u043d\u0430 \u0445\u0443\u0439 , \u0441\u0443\u043a\u0430 \u0431\u043b\u044f\u0442\u044c !, 
  no , just kidding , would probably hide and start crying like a bitch . 
  also , [ order this ] ( http://www.amazon.com/superpack-russian-english-speakers-book-edition/dp/2700580265 ) until it goes out of stock . 
  ** also , plot hole , the russian army does n't use ak-47s anymore . 
  i ca n't believe there are people who rather see these monsters tried in court instead of just dead . 
  the point of sentencing a criminal is to rehabilitate him , however i 'm quite sure no rehab will be enough for these subhuman monsters . 
  [ also made in romania , the imperio ultra low floor ( ulf ) tram ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msddqoywh_c ), 
  look on the bright side , it 's much better than those shitty blue arrow trains we bought from siemens . 
  also , not every country makes its own trains , for example the republic of moldova had some trains restored by us , unfortunately it was a shit job and the head of the company that restored the trains went to prison . 
  but still ... [ at least they did look decent ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cubwlid.jpg ), 
  [ here 's an aerial view of romania ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfg92nhvjha ), 
  in romania we have [ these things ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2vohnle.jpg ) scattered all over the place . 
  however , they smell like ... yeah , you guessed it and no one is too excited to use them . 
  it 's not as easy as it sounds . 
  if there are 100 grocery stores in a city and they are acting as a cartel , sure a guy with a little money saved up can open another one and sell at fair prices , making the whole cartel collapse . 
  with telecom companies it 's not as easy , most countries have very few telecom companies and their ceos all know each other . 
  it 's not like some random guy can just start a european wide telecom company that does n't practice roaming charges . 
  when i did attend religion classes , i would usually sit in the back with some of my `` trouble-making '' mates . 
  the prayer saying was generally the moment we would sometimes get kicked out from class because we would all start loling . 
   how tall are these two fellows anyway ? 
  i do n't know about eduard hellvig , but james comey is 2.03 m tall , tallest fbi chief in history . 
  you can thank laura `` the impaler '' k\u00f6vesi . 
  for comparison , you need to invest a million in the us economy to get a green card . 
  do n't hold your breath , we need to solve our problems first before we can help other countries . 
  you also need to wait in line , bulgaria and moldova have already asked us to send some prosecutors to their countries . 
  i do n't want to call it insane progress . 
  i 'm not happy they 're sending them to prison , i want to see them have their fortunes confiscated and end up on welfare . 
  former prime minister adrian n\u0103stase was sentenced to 4 and a half years in prison , served little over a third of that ( most people sentenced to prison have to serve at least half before they can hope to be released ) and from prison he went straight to [ his multi-million euro mansion in cornu ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zak22be.jpg ) . 
  it 's also worth mentioning he received preferrential treatment while in prison . 
  one could hardly call this thing `` justice '' . 
  well , first of all , they were n't random romanians , but radio stars and secondly , they were n't even allowed inside , so they gave all the pizzas to the journalists who were there . 
  greece is doing worse than many post-communist countries so that divide is n't as relevant anymore . 
  italy 's not western europe . 
  unsurprising , considering it 's going to be the same people who voted for conchita wurst last year . 
  i prefer these guys 100 % over conchita though .
