actually , geographically , latvia is pretty eastern european . 
  i did n't say transylvania was perfect . 
  it 's still romania , not fucking germany , i just said it 's the least crappiest place . 
  we have stinky people , bad drivers and moa\u0219te kissers , just not in such epic proportions . 
  washing every other day is not as bad , i 've met people from oltenia that wash a few times a year and boil the toothbrushes they have since the 90s and only use for special occasions . 
  europe clearly does n't like what russia is doing but unfortunately russia has natural resources , ukraine does n't have shit , so compromises are made . 
  i do n't agree with you , every country must fight for it 's own freedom . 
  whenever the west intervenes they always seem to turn a shithole nobody cares about into a larger shithole that suddenly everyone cares about . 
  a nato military intervention in ukraine during the euromaidan would n't have had popular support anywhere , not in europe , not in russia , not even in ukraine . 
  in romania we have a saying that goes `` ho\u021bul strig\u0103 ho\u021bii !, 
  '' , which means `` thief screams thieves ! '' . 
  novorossia is a perfect example of nazis calling others nazi . 
  or maybe drop a neutron bomb and reclaim the land . 
  we already have a shithole in europe : transnistria ^ tm - shipping arms around the world since 1992 , we do n't need another one . 
  he ca n't be ukrainian because he betrayed his country , so either you guys accept him as being russian or stop meddling in eastern ukraine ... 
  i 'm starting to think that everyone in the separatist regions who is not fucked up in the head fled during the war . 
  the ones who remain seem to all be fubar either from birth , or became like this during the war . 
  it 's also a little funny , because there are quite a few women serving in the `` novorussian army '' afaik . 
  well , with transylvania still being the least crappiest place in a country as crappy as romania currently is , it 's only normal we feel some resentments against southerners because the vast majority of romanian leaders in recent history came from the south ( ceau\u0219escu , iliescu , n\u0103stase , b\u0103sescu , t\u0103riceanu , ponta ) . 
  another political reason we hate southerners and moldavians is because they tend to vote for the social democrats . 
  in fact , even the 20 % that ponta got in timi\u0219 county were mostly the oltenians , moldavians and gypsies living here . 
  excluding politics from the equation , we do n't really like southerners , because honestly , most of them are pretty uncivilized . 
  i 'm not generalizing , but whenever i see an idiot in traffic , he seems to either have a mh or a b plate . 
  also , while i was still in uni , i found out many students from the oltenia region had some serious hygiene problems . 
  these are just a few examples , more reasons can be found , i 've met great people from all parts of the country , but honestly , i think transylvania should have some degree of autonomy , financial at the very least . 
  yeah same situation in romania . 
  victor ponta is considered , among others , a plagiarist , a puppet , a potential tyrant and a corrupt asshole . 
  actually , if you search google for `` plagiator '' ( the romanian word for `` plagiarist '' ) , his name comes up third in the results . 
  yet he appeals to brainless , hopeless , lazy benefit claiming fucks and will most likely become president later this month . 
  very sad . 
  from the wikipedia article it seems like the guy is a corrupt , thuggy , xenophobic piece of **** . 
  and he was prime minister , eastern europeans clearly have bones in their brains . 
  still , setting yourself on fire seems like the most painful ways to die that i can think of , there are better alternatives , like throwing yourself in front of a moving train or leaping from a building . 
  there was an idiot in romania a couple of months ago that supposedly wanted to set himself on fire in front of the romanian government . 
  however , he was just an attention whore , in 2009 he jumped from a balcony inside the parliament . 
  [ government incident ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=teper0kuuyq ) [ parliament incident ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrckhljpz3e ), 
  you obviously do n't get the point , do you ? 
  the picture illustrates the choice that romanians have to make between two evils . 
  iohannis is n't a nazi and ponta is n't an old time commie , but they are representatives of the left and right , so what better way to portray them ? 
  not surprised about eastern romania at all . 
  the moldavians are always in the news , i thought it would be worse . 
  to clarify , when i referred to europe , i was referring to the eu+s witzerland + norway + iceland . 
  yes , uk laws do not automatically apply to europe , but there have been attempts in other european countries to create laws that affect internet freedom ( in romania for example , there was a law proposal a few years ago , that would have forced news websites to censor vulgar or derogatory comments ) . 
  hungary under orban is also well known for doing it 's best to limit press freedom . 
  yep , that 's one of the perks of democracy . 
  fortunately for putin and unfortunately for us , the russian is an incredibly resilient species , if they did n't rebel against jugashvili , they wo n't rebel against putin . 
  last time i checked , the uk was a member of the eu . 
  same with hungary . 
  yeah , fuck reality , it has an anti-russian bias . 
  i never had any illusions about rt , ever . 
  it was always a propaganda tool , i doubt anyone with an above average iq ever thought anything else . 
  how can we expect russia to become like europe , when in fact , with every new stupid law , europe is resembling russia more and more ? 
  there are many fat gypsies , i.e. 
  europistan in the making . 
  i 've been to southern moldova a few years ago . 
  i 'm betting that even rural north korea looks better than southern moldova . 
  those settlements are illegal anyway , they should just be bulldozed and the occupants shot . 
  problem solved . 
  this is n't just romania 's problem , you will find gypsies living like this spain , france , uk etc. 
  they will always live like this because they are lazy as fuck as fuck and actually like living like shit . 
  romania has been in the eu for over 7 years , have you been living under a rock ? 
  the us also spies on it 's allies . 
  foreign intelligence services are important for every country that cares about it 's sovereignty and independence , and i fully support them as long as they do their job . 
  however , i think there should be a clear line between intelligence and politics . 
  from a moral perspective and what should be a legal perspective as well , once you choose a career in intelligence ( foreign or domestic ) you should never be allowed to get into politics . 
  if you are , well that 's an attack on democracy itself . 
  that does n't change things . 
  he was still incompatible by being a prosecutor at the same time , which at the very least means he had zero respect for the constitution of the country which he was ( and currently still is ) supposed to be serving . 
  no sane person should take something like this lightly . 
  as a side note , putin was also a foreign intelligence officer , but even someone like him had the decency to admit it . 
  you do n't know basescu does n't have evidence . 
  if he did n't , this would be like shooting himself in the foot and besides , ponta could easily sue him . 
  while i do n't like basescu ( or udrea for that matter ) , ponta is simply much worse . 
  a power hungry sociopath , that will stop at nothing until he and his friends have total control of the country : government , justice , economy and media . 
  did you forget when he did everything he could to cover up the plagiarism scandal ? 
  heck , the hungarian president quit and he did n't even plagiarise as much as ponta . 
  and it was n't basescu who said ponta plagiarised , but reputable international sources , which in no plausible scenario could be controlled by basescu . 
  the psd 's whole election campaign , all the public agenda for the past 9 years has been to `` rid romania of basescu '' . 
  he was likened to a dictator , a despot , the root of all fucking evil in romania . 
  hell , i saw brainwashed idiots that blamed basescu for getting fired . 
  no one else in the international community , not the eu , not the us ever accused basescu of being autocratic , but all that has changed since ponta took charge . 
  everyone is comparing him now with the other viktor . 
  again , are you as stupid to say that basescu controls the us and eu ? 
  idk about other countries , but in romania , cabbies are the absolute worst pieces of shit you might encounter . 
  they ignore traffic rules , they take `` shortcuts '' to get you paying more , in some cities they even have some devices that they connect to the taxing machine , which they activate when you are n't looking and charge 4 times the normal amount . 
  not to mention they feel super privileged , even parking on narrow one way streets , blocking the traffic while they wait for their customers ... 
  romania has some of the fastest and most affordable internet connections in the eu . 
  i would feel sorry for someone who asked me if we had internet . 
  from experience , the best way to piss off a romanian is to act like you do n't know the difference between roma and romanian , that 's bound to get a heavy emotional response , but be careful , you might end up with a couple of stitches . 
  if you ca n't tell the difference that means you should go back to school and learn some history . 
  lamborghini with fake license plate and fake driver 's license ... 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  i 'm sick of all this fighting with communist ghosts , while our country has been ransacked in a very capitalist way . 
  that woman who is asking for 100.000 euros for the suffering of her husband is ridiculous . 
  why should i and most other taxpayers who were n't even born at that time have to pay for that ? 
  yeah , visinescu should be sent to prison if his guilty , let him spend the rest of his days in a prison cell , but i do n't agree for the government to pay any damages to the ( families of ) the victims . 
  yeah they tried to do that in romania too , it was ruled unconstitutional ( i am referring to requesting ids for prepaid sim cards ) . 
  new zealand , they 're small , prosperous and their culture is close to ours . 
  yeah , then we can be official vassals of the us . 
  hooray !,
