  anything below that means we have a lot to grow until we reach a level that is comparable to western europe , or at least countries like the czech republic or poland . 
  their nomadic lifestyle makes it very tough for most countries to integrate them , though the us seems to have been more successful at it ( around 1 million roma live in the us ) . 
  however , the methods the americans used , would be considered too brutal by today 's standards . 
  how does the staff communicate with the prisoners ? 
  also , are n't there problems because of the cultural differences between prisoners and/or staff ? 
  i think the us first needs to reconsider its laws . 
  it has one of , if not the highest number of imprisoned people per capita . 
  many people go to jail in the us for stuff that would only land you a fine , or a suspended sentence at most in european countries , including fucked up ones like russia or belarus . 
  the sentences are also ridiculous , i remember reading on ars technica a couple of days ago that some guy who owned a revenge porn website got 18 years . 
  i mean sure , the guy was an asshole and victims suffered from the humiliation , but fuck , 18 years ? 
  when he 'll get out he will be a hardened criminal , definitely not rehabilitated , so what 's the point ? 
   so you can be 4 and have some sex cuz well you know only for marriage ... nope , you need to be 15 . 
  but if you 're under 15 and the person you are having sex with is less than 3 years older or younger than you , it 's still legal . 
   of course it 's for when you get married . 
  i thought is reasonable enough to assume everyone will be able to understand that . 
  but you said  if she/he is between 18-16 yo they need parental consent so ** the act wo n't be classified as rape . 
  ** that 's simply wrong . 
  if you 're over 15 you can have sex with whoever you want . 
   and i 'm not romanian nor do i try to look smart , do n't need too . 
  :p you live in romania , were probably born in romania , probably speak romanian , so that pretty much makes you romanian . 
  why do n't you actually read the law ? 
  they need parental consent if they want to marry , not have sex , that 's retarded . 
  i do n't know what 's up with romanians , i see this very often , they like to sound smart about something even if they have no idea what they 're talking about . 
  pretty good , without him , things would have looked much different in europe , especially central and eastern europe . 
  not so much a hero , but basically the right man at the right time . 
  yeah , i know , but i was referring to the stare . 
  he looks like he 's on acid . 
  ok , this is fucked up . 
  how can you explain the picture of a malnourished kid , while keeping a positive attitude ? 
   the guidelines for their use is restrictive as hell , it 's more of an intimidation tool . 
  yeah , i know their use is restrictive , but still , why would you trust a monkey with a gun ? 
  they use the same accent when speaking romanian too . 
  however , i do n't get what 's up with the butthurt about the roads , they 're pretty good in my experience , i could even say better than austrian ones . 
  but even norway did n't have this humane prison system until like 1998 . 
  hell , even halden prison was built in 2010 . 
  it 's a new thing , more of an experiment . 
  using the same basis , the us could say they ca n't eliminate the death penalty because `` the american society is more complicated than the european one '' . 
   of the 251 inmates , nearly half are imprisoned for violent crimes like murder , assault or rape ; a third are in for smuggling or selling drugs . 
  nevertheless , violent incidents and even threats are rare , and nearly all take place in unit a. 
  it is the prison 's most restrictive unit , housing inmates who require close psychiatric or medical supervision or who committed crimes that would make them unpopular in units b and c , the prison 's more open `` living '' cell blocks , where the larger population of inmates mixes during the day for work , schooling and therapy programs . 
  [ this is the nyt about the halden prison . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/29/magazine/the-radical-humaneness-of-norways-halden-prison.html?_r=0 ), 
  lol , in romania it 's the complete opposite . 
  it 's nearly impossible for a regular citizen to buy a lethal weapon for anything other than hunting , sports and collections ( although for the latter i think the weapons must be modified so that they can only shoot blanks ) . 
  even non-lethal weapons , like rubber bullet pistols are heavily restricted ( the police may come at any time at your house to check if you keep the gun in the proper conditions , i.e. 
  locked metal box , outside reach of children ) . 
  police on the other hand are always armed , even local police , who are generally borderline retarded people and receive much less training than regular police . 
  half of gun related in incidents have involved police officers , the other half , the moldovan/transnistrian mafia . 
  i agree most people should n't have easy access to guns , but i believe regular police should n't have access as well , only special forces , like in britain . 
  our former president , a retard , has even suggested police should use their guns more often . 
  thankfully , nobody listened to him . 
  far right is an underestimate ... 
   it would have been suicide if the ukraine nuked russia would have been suicide for russia as well . 
  ukraine , at the beginning of the 90s had one of the largest nuclear stockpiles in the world , also the russian population is concentrated in the western part , it would n't have taken too many nukes to fuck 'em up . 
   you do n't see other countries that do not have a nuke being nuked or threatened . 
  your statement is retarded , look at ukraine right now !, 
  if you look at it the other way , you do n't see anyone invading or threatening nuclear countries . 
  they do n't even threaten north korea . 
  even russia , has mostly threatened eastern eu countries , like the baltics , poland , romania , not nuclear countries . 
  that would be totally retarded . 
  why would they give up their nukes , ukraine gave up their nukes and look at them !, 
  i think more countries should have nukes , like germany , poland , romania . 
  then the russians would probably stop waving their dicks all the time , because the second a russian soldier would set foot into a nato country , they could be sure moscow and st. petersburg would be turned into a radioactive wasteland . 
  the song is `` parazi\u021bii - praf '' , basically a rap song about being high . 
  the chorus is something like :  grab your woman by the ass cheeks , get high and remember  my unorthodox message delivered in a rap rhythm  i 've inhaled a weird smoke , my depressions are gone  i see myself in your eyes , what the fuck , i 'm baked parazitii are some of the most explicit rappers in romania , you can check out [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4_ergld0_z0 ) , which is partly in english , so you can get a general idea of their style . 
   is the easter bunny a thing bulgaria and the rest of the eastern orthodox world ? 
  it 's a thing in romania . 
  yup , we do this in romania . 
  you can even find wooden eggs which can be used to prank other people . 
  many of us are , but why miss a chance to have some great time with your family , eat some good food and get fucked up ? 
  president makes more than that . 
  he also gets an `` idemnizatie '' ( idk how it 's called in english ) and it 's a lot of money . 
  they do n't use prisoner uniforms in romania . 
   did he know qaddafi went down by having sticks shoved in his arse ? 
  i think he 's going to have something else shoved in his arse while in jail . 
   yeah it is . 
  consent laws are to protect minors so a 17 year old wo n't go to jail for sleeping with 15 or 16 . 
  a 18 year old wo n't go to jail if they have sex with a 16 year old either . 
  we have a 3 year ( 36 months ) limit . 
  if you are 20 + you are going to jail you are wrong . 
  the three year difference applies only if the person in younger than 15 , which is the age of consent . 
  so if a 16 year old has sex with a 14 year old he will not be punished , but if a 20 year old has sex with the same 14 year old , he will be prosecuted , but most likely receive a suspended sentence . 
  if the 20 year old , or a 60 year old for that matter , has sex with someone aged 15 and older , he is n't breaking any law . 
  yeah , pretty sure that 's the case . 
  i remember there was a tv show called romania 's next top model or something like that , they had a bunch of participants under 18 , many posed nude , they did n't have any problems . 
  well , as i said , not exactly naked videos of kids , but teenagers . 
  if he 's into pedophilia , he 'll probably want to look elsewhere , as we would n't be the first foreigner convicted of pedophilia . 
  you 're not taking something into account . 
  romania actually has the largest rural population in relative terms in the entire eu . 
  our urbanization rate stands at 54 % . 
  even bulgaria has like 73 % . 
  this is simply not sustainable on the long term . 
  western european villages are much more developed because they have much fewer villages to take care of . 
   thanks for reminding me how i figured out today that i am probably related to a person responsible for the holocaust . 
  i can never go back to polandball without feeling guilty ... why would you feel guilty about it ? 
  it 's not like you get to choose who your relatives are or have any control over what they did , specially if you were n't even born that day . 
  i never understood the children of nazi war criminals who voluntarily sterilized themselves so they `` would not pass on the blood of monsters '' . 
  implying that somehow evil is passed through blood or genes basically means agreeing with the nazi ideology . 
   adulthood is usually considered to be from the age of 18 or 20 , or 21 . 
  do n't worry , you can still be considered a child , regardless of your biological age , they just use a different term in your case , `` mentally retarded '' .
