  for example , romania and bulgaria should have joined schengen in 2011 but they keep getting delayed because of `` corruption problems '' . 
  well , guess what , greece is more corrupt than both these countries , yet it 's been in schengen for a long time . 
  but we do n't bitch and whine like the greeks do ( although with the greeks bitching and whining so loud , i doubt anyone would hear us anyway ) , we silently work and do our best so that the next year will be better than the current one . 
  romania 's ppp gdp per capita is around $ 20,000 while greece 's is around $ 26,000 . 
  in 2007 , it was like $ 14,000 vs $ 30,000 . 
  so they better be careful , because in a few years , even europe 's `` shit league '' might leave them in the dust . 
  of course i do n't believe the average greek is responsible for the deep shit greece is currently in , but they do hold a big chunk of the blame . 
  first , they did n't pay their taxes and second , they kept voting corrupt idiots into power . 
  as for their attitude , especially as of now , i do n't like it . 
  i think they should stop fooling themselves by voting in parties like syriza , which make extremely unrealistic promises . 
  i 've seen alexis tsipras ' promises and he seems to totally ignore the fact greece is on emergency life support . 
   and should they stay or should they go ? 
  with their constant bitching and whining about how everyone else is to blame but them , them cozying up to russia , and especially their recent threats , i believe they should go . 
  their bullshit about german war reparations was pretty ridiculous and put them in a bad light , but i do n't believe that a country which threatens to unleash wave of migrants on europe ** `` including isis jihadists '' ** should be a part of the eu . 
  if they continue with this kind of shit talk , i believe the eu should tell them to go fuck themselves . 
  that diagram is confusing as fuck , why do n't they just use the years normally ? 
  dat hungarian enclave in romania tho . 
   anyway i do n't see any problem whatsoever with adoption and i support lgbt population !, 
  i think lgbt adoption is fucked up . 
  first , a kid does not get to choose wether he 'll be adopted by a straight or gay couple , second , it 's pretty tough explaining to a kid at a young age why everybody else 's parents are of different sexes , yet his parents are the same sex . 
  finally , but this is most importantly , it is bound that the kid will get bullied in school , as soon as his classmates/school finds out he has lgbt parents . 
   it found that the average wealth of the best-off one-fifth of families rose by 64 per cent between 2005 and 2012-13 as they put more money aside as a buffer against future shocks . 
  they have average savings and investments of around # 10,000 compared with # 6,000 seven years earlier . 
  one fifth = 20 %  if you really want to get into a ` omg uk is so poor now ' argument i 'll just point out that london has the highest concentration of billionaires in the world . 
  well , according to [ this article ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/pulse/billionaires-homes-around-world-new-york-city-houses-103-richest-people-planet-1697132 ) , it 's actually new york . 
  london comes third , after moscow . 
  now , it 's sure great london has 72 billionaires , but what about the [ rough sleepers of which there are more than 10 times as many ? 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/407030/rough_sleeping_statistics_england_-_autumn_2014.pdf ) also , i 'm not trying to say uk is poor , because it 's not , however it is very unequal , especially when compared with other european countries . 
   though let 's all hope this does n't turn into cold war 2 . 
  it already has , let 's just hope it does n't heat up . 
  it 's a good start , but we need more . 
  if that 's the case , why change the rules then ? 
  well , the rule should be , buy what you really like as long as it does n't destabilize you financially . 
  my dad had a friend who won the lottery in italy back in 2003 . 
  if i remember correctly , it was around 1.5 mil . 
  euros . 
  the guy quit his job , returned to romania , bought himself a nice big house , 10 cars , one for each member of his family . 
  for himself , he bought a nice mercedes s-class , which was a pretty rare sight in romania at that time . 
  12 years later , he 's almost 50 , divorced , kid is in the us , he lives on a little over 500 euros a month . 
  forget the big house and the car , he had to sell those because of high maintenance costs and taxes . 
  he lives in his old apartment and drives a dacia logan . 
  funny thing is , some of his relatives still have the same cars he bought them . 
  if that 's not stupidity , i do n't know what is . 
  look , i 'm not a millionaire , but i still manage to save almost 30 % -40 % of my income , almost every single month . 
  but i live in an apartment , even though i could afford a mortgage for a house and drive a second hand vw even though i could afford a bmw or a mercedes with a little effort . 
  this makes me confident that if i 'll ever get a large sum of money , i wo n't go on a spending spree that gets me broke . 
  the point is , if a person wins the lottery and then goes broke , they have only themselves to blame . 
  well , evading taxes is just another way to live beyond your means , especially when the government was spending money at the same time like there was no tomorrow . 
  tax evasion was not just something rich people did , but also average people , before the crisis , if you 'd ask a taxi driver in athens to turn on the meter , he 'd probably kicked you out of his car . 
  thing is , greece fucked up , so now its entirely up to them who pays the price , the rich , the poor , it 's their problem , but the price has to be paid . 
  typical , if you are n't happy with something , just change the rules . 
  this also happened in romania in 2012 , when there was an impeachment referendum against the president , it required a participation of at least 50 % + 1 of the eligible voters , the government changed the law a day before the referendum , so that the president could be impeached with a simple majority . 
  it did n't work out though , as the constitutional court ruled the decree unconstitutional . 
  maybe the slovene society is n't ready yet for same-sex marriages , maybe politicians should take this into account . 
  i really hope the greek government cuts it with the bullshit , otherwise , in a few years , the greeks will start stealing romanian and bulgarian jobs ... 
  if they 'll still be in the eu , that is . 
   maybe a million is too much to actually be possible , but if you redistributed the wealth , there would be no long term inflation . 
  short term inflation could occur due to changed demand structure , but production would reorient soon . 
  well , i assumed you say give them a million , by simply printing money . 
  that 's surely possible , but it would generate an economic apocalypse . 
  redistributing the wealth is a different story , but even that rarely works as planned . 
  poor people are generally stupid . 
  and by poor people , i do n't mean people who are broke . 
  being broke is a temporary situation , being poor is a perpetual state . 
  you can give poor people any amount of money , most of the time they 'll end up exactly where they started . 
   i assume you mean passive income . 
  then that 's the old british way of measuring wealth . 
  a gentleman 's wealth was measured in annual income it generated . 
  ideally it should be passive income , yeah , but it can be active income as well if you are able to live comfortably and you have enough savings that losing your job or having a major health problem wo n't get you broke . 
   as if financial advisors would be useful if you dont have your own knowledge . 
  they 're especially useful if you do n't know what the hell you 're doing . 
   they will just sell you anything that benefits them . 
  that 's why its important to get a good one , with good references . 
   but you are so clever so you can tell why no expert ever forsees a crash but they do , the problem is they usually ca n't do much about it . 
  if i were a reputable financial expert and say the euro was going to crash next week , a lot of people would panic , sell their euros for usd and the euro would crash even faster . 
   banks need to be rescued by the taxpayer despite knowing best a bank getting a shitload of taxpayer money ? 
  that sounds precisely like what a bank would want . 
  did you forget the fact that this whole crisis was generated by banks doing shady shit ? 
  there 's no reason to believe the bailouts to be shady shit also , right ? 
  why not let the market correct itself , it 's capitalism 101 . 
  this article is about the rich being richer and the poor being poorer than before the crisis , to me this sounds an awful lot like what a bank ceo would want . 
  wow , never had imagined the difference between the net average wealth and mean net wealth in sweden would be almost as high as in the us . 
  going back to my point , this says nothing about the savings in each country . 
   if you somehow gave a million to everyone in the bottom half , in ten years time most would be as poor as before , if not worse . 
  they would actually end up much worse , because the huge demand for consumption goods would skyrocket , trigering inflation . 
  the rich would become much richer , and the poor , much poorer . 
  winning the lottery or getting a shitload of money does not make you rich imo , the ability to constantly make much more money than you consume , that makes you rich . 
   calling the uneducated stupid is mean-spirited and elitist . 
  no its not . 
  if you win the lottery and do n't have any financial education , you hire a financial advisor and fucking listen to him . 
  but of course this does n't happen , most poor people are n't einstein , if they were , they would n't be poor . 
   well enough to trigger a reppelling referendum , like the one which did repell a similar same sex why do you think politicians want this law so badly if it was already repelled in a referendum only 3 years ago ? 
  greece 's problems did not start in a year and they wo n't end that fast . 
  greece 's problems started more than 15 years ago , when they started living beyond their means on borrowed money . 
  the situation is so bad that it 's extremely unlikely greece will ever be able to repay all the debts . 
  the crisis will continue , at least for the foreseeable future . 
  i had no idea someone with # 10,000 in savings is considered `` rich '' in britain . 
  this is pretty tragic to be honest . 
  lubeni\u021b\u0103 comes from serbian and harbuz comes from russian . 
  pretty simple if you look at the neighbors .
