  among contraband cigarettes , the most popular ones in my area are the `` fast '' and `` marble '' varieties , smuggled from serbia , but are so bad , they are pretty much unsmokeable . 
  the fast ones in particular , reek of putrefied dead body . 
   imagine the cigarette smuggling between moldova and romania !, 
  [ you do n't say ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhgbyvxnaio ), 
  # 2.70 was about $ 3.30 in june 2014 . 
  not yet , do n't hold your breath . 
  so - cyprus is the place where rich russians keep their money . 
  - italy has strong business links with russia - greece is trolling germoney - hungary , slovakia , austria are dependent on russian gas exports wtf is up with spain ? 
  yeah , but eesti still can not into nordic though . 
  why is the uk represented as multiple countries ? 
  bulgaria , romania , croatia , cyprus , malta , lithuania and latvia can not into oecd . 
  this is the second tunisia attack thread i 've seen , should n't this be on / r/worldnews ? 
  i mean , how is this related to europe ? 
  in romania there were some sharp increases of the gini coefficient during 2007-2011 , but it has since stabilized and fallen . 
  in 2013 it was 27.4 , which is pretty decent . 
  even though low end wages are shit , many people choose to work abroad and their families are able to live decently on remittances . 
  we have a big problem , at this rate , we 'll soon run out of jail cells . 
  it has been suggested that a wing of the parliament palace be turned into a prison because it 's so god damn huge and much of it is n't being used anyway . 
  i think demolishing historical buildings to make room for shitty apartment blocks or office buildings is even more disgusting . 
  you ca n't just destroy your history like that , future generations will never forgive you . 
  i know i ca n't forgive my parents ' and grandparents ' generation for allowing valuable historic buildings to be demolished just to make room for these disgusting stalinist eyesores that still dominate every single romanian city above 20,000 residents . 
  i do n't even know if i 'll get to live the day these ugly matchboxes will stop dominating our cityscapes . 
  the thing is , here in romania , the owner ca n't simply demolish a historic monument and if he wants to restore it , he needs to follow strict guidelines . 
  a friend of mine was almost fined 10,000 euros for installing an ac unit . 
  he had to find someone at 6 p.m. to take it down , because the police said they would come back in the morning . 
  often times , the owners simply do n't have the money to restore the buildings , because following those guidelines is expensive , so they just let them decay . 
  [ he 's famous for generally being a total clown . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbt7582uv-e ) [ this is how he conducts political campaigns ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0whune83p5s ), 
   our towns look horrible because they lack historic buildings and have communist architecture , but there are few constructions that are left to decay . 
  [ yeah , you do n't have historic buildings because they decayed so much they had to be demolished . 
  ] ( http://www.budgetstories.md/wp-content/uploads/infograficmonumente.jpg ), 
  well , realistically speaking , it 's far from perfect , but also far from being a warzone or worse than your own cities and towns . 
  i mean , for fuck sake , half your towns look like vukovar after it was bombed by the serbs . 
  still , i do n't see any picture of the `` warzone '' that 's even `` worse than moldovan towns '' which you describe . 
  not trying to defend maz\u0103re , but i feel like you 're exaggerating . 
  how do you know this ? 
  stop being so god damn pessimist for once . 
  this wave of arrests is unprecedented in romanian history . 
  the last time so many people were arrested was during the communist purges back in the late 40s and the 50s , but back then they were arrested for political reasons . 
  because the justice was controlled by politicians and politicians were corrupt . 
  it 's a long , complicated story , it would be like explaining the yugoslav wars in a single reddit post . 
  because for around 22 years no one did anything about it . 
  now they 're cracking down on all of them . 
  it seems it was wrong , i thought `` wtf '' too . 
  oh , yeah , he 's not really trying to hide his intentions . 
  he 's like `` look at me , i fuck hot bitches all the time you losers ! '' . 
  at the beginning of the video he actually says `` i like sports , both day and night sports '' . 
  the host tells him `` ahhh the night sports are the ones we get to see on tv '' ( he is often seen dancing in clubs ) , and the guy replies `` no , the night sports are the ones you do n't get to see on tv , they happen after you see me '' . 
  please , no dm links for fuck sake . 
  romania is just north of the balkans , what are you talking about ? 
  [ here are some more of his costumes . 
  ] ( http://www.vice.com/ro/read/10-costume-ridicole-ale-lui-radu-mazare-de-care-nu-o-sa-ne-mai-bucuram-daca-intra-la-parnaie-524?utm_source=vicefbrom ), 
  what are you referring to ? 
  the images are n't showing up . 
   how could this guy be reelected when showing off such a circus ? 
  i really do n't know how this guy managed to get elected 4 times . 
  in 2008 he was elected with ~ ~ 97 % ~ ~ 68 % of the votes . 
  maybe someone from constan\u021ba could enlighten us . 
  many mayors who get reelected multiple times tend to build a mafia around them . 
  in the end , i think this kind of circus is what got him reelected so many times . 
  think about arnold schwarzenegger who was elected governor of california just to screw up in the end . 
   btw , what are they talking about in the video ? 
  thanks for linking , very interesting . 
  nothing too interesting , they were basically discussing his personal life . 
  at one point , the host tells him they have a present for him , so they basically bring miss chisinau ( republic of moldova ) with a bunch of sushi on her . 
  the host tells him `` radu , whatever you do , remember it 's only 6 p.m. '' . 
  his response is `` so what ? '' . 
  she points out they also brought chopsticks , but he refuses to use them and also invites the hercules guy and the chef to take a bite . 
  after that , he asks the host at what time will the show be over and asks her to keep the girl like that so he can finish after the show . 
  [ but how about this 13 year old roma who stabbed a 22 y.o. 
  barmaid ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15l-sqyfnga ) how do you feel about this ? 
   but they view the roma as sub human cockroaches and wants to exterminate them . 
  [ but the roma are peaceful , respectable people ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8hizb90n40 ), 
   17-18 century culture they maintain . 
  no my friend , they do not maintain a 17th-18th century culture , their culture is more like pre-agricultural nomadic . 
  damn , that girl in the `` babylonian king '' picture has a fugly smile . 
  2/10 would not bang . 
  only an idiot can claim there is no corruption in a given country . 
  greedy people are everywhere and the percentage is naturally higher among rich people , because being greedy obviously makes it more likely for you to become rich . 
  the only difference is that in poorer countries , corruption is much more visible and has a much more tragic impact on the public . 
  so what was the message ? 
  unfortunately , uniforms are no longer used in romanian prisons . 
  what a shame !, 
  samurai and aviation pioneer links do n't work . 
  there is a reason why most redditors use imgur 90 % of the time . 
  btw , this is the guy , [ eating sushi served on miss chisinau 's body . 
  the simple answer is that they form parasitic communities that follow rules and customs more appropriate for a prehistoric nomadic community rather than a modern society . 
  their interaction with the host society is only economic in nature . 
  since they do not understand post-agricultural values such as honesty , work , getting an education , they resort to begging , stealing , hustling , doing shady business ( paying any sort of taxes is out of the question ) or , in the best case scenario , singing . 
  it 's only normal for civilized people to feel resentment against such parasitic communities . 
  of course , not every single gypsy is an illiterate parasite . 
  but all the gypsies i know who are not like this have never lived in gypsy community . 
  i do not know of any gypsy community that has integrated well with the rest of society . 
  gypsy communities cause problems wherever they exist , it does n't matter if it 's sweden , the uk , spain , italy , slovakia , romania , poland , bulgaria , serbia etc. 
   bucovina is in moldova and the people living in it are moldavians , just like banat is in transylvania and the people living in it are transylvanians , just like oltenia is in wallachia and the people living in it are wallachians . 
  please stop being so ignorant , there are big differences between banat/transylvania and bukovina/moldova . 
  this . 
  what you 're saying is utter bullshit . 
  timisoara is the most powerful economic powerhouse in romania , after bucharest .
