  yup . 
  i guess these types of embarrassing photos were the reason photoshop was originally invented . 
  i do n't think that 's necessary , he never tried to hide his lifestyle , just where the money to sustain it came from . 
  he was officially an associate in multiple businesses . 
  the problem was those business were making money off contracts with the state , which were illegally attributed . 
  ok m8 , just shut up and stick to fucking 80 year old grannies , if that 's what you like . 
  i was referring to the ceau\u0219escu period , because that 's what we were talking about . 
   but would n't that be illegal ? 
  i do n't even know . 
  news websites here post videos of high school teenagers stripping in classrooms or having sex in bathroom and no one seems to care except for the respective schools . 
  they generally do n't post the videos , or censor them if the they are younger than 15 but other than that they simply post the uncensored videos with only a notice saying you have to be over 18 in order to view the video . 
   ( 3 ) the act set by par . 
  ( 1 ) , committed by a person of age with a juvenile aged 13 to 18 , when the former abused their authority or influence over the victim , shall be punishable by no less than 2 and no more than 7 years of imprisonment and a ban on the exercise of certain rights . 
  but it does n't apply in the case of the mayor , as he was n't the girls ' parent/tutor/teacher / employer so he did n't have any authority over them . 
  then why not ? 
  it 's not like the 2 minute wait at the border is going to stop any gypsy beggar . 
   nobody deserves to be treated the way gypsies are treated in this country . 
  maybe only isis . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  special places in high schools and universities , national and eu funds for integration , the tax authority closing an eye on their `` businesses '' . 
  also free to go abroad and embarrass us , making everyone think that they 're romanians and all romanians are gypsy thieves and beggars . 
  they 're actually having it quite good , too good , much better than romanian tax payers who actually work and try to live a honest life . 
  western europe complains we have too much corruption and they 're not sure if we can secure our borders against illegal immigration so that 's why they do n't allow us to join schengen . 
  if we catch the bastards , we 're accused of ruining their dreams for a better life in the west . 
  how the fuck do we please everybody ? 
   i 'm not saying i necessarily want them to stay here , i 'm just saying they 're hypocrites . 
  first they say they want to escape the war in syria , then they say they want to go to germany or austria . 
  give them a finger , and they want to take the whole hand . 
   they want to go to germany and the west for jobs and the opportunities it offers . 
  there are jobs and opportunities in romania as well . 
  of course , not as many or as well paid as in western europe , but still several orders of magnitude better than whatever they had in syria . 
  i 'm not saying i necessarily want them to stay here , but them coming here makes them refugees . 
  if they leave illegally for germany , or the uk or other countries , that erases their status as refugees and makes them economic migrants . 
   romanians also migrating to the west to improve their life why should n't refugees do the same ? 
  because romania is a member state of the eu , it has given part of its sovereignty for that , it contributes to the eu budget and is also offering people from other eu countries the same rights as romanians get in other eu countries . 
  romanians are going to western europe to work and western europeans also come here to work or open businesses and make money . 
  it 's a fair deal . 
  what has syria offered the eu ? 
  more like a version of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-adhbuo0ay ), 
  i lost all my compassion for all these `` refugees '' when they said they wanted to go to germany , austria , the west . 
  they say they want peace , romania has peace . 
  but of course romania does n't give them free housing and benefits , they actually have to work for that . 
  so there 's your answer europe !, 
  if you want to stop illegal immigration , then stop giving them free money . 
   i 'm ready to be corrupted too . 
  be careful , he might break your heart . 
  they are n't children , even the law does n't call them children . 
  they 're juveniles , teenagers , young adults , however you want to call them . 
  again , the law says someone over 15 has the right to have sex with pretty much whoever they want . 
  it was new year 's eve , was partying at a friend 's apartment , we went out to shoot some fireworks , but one one of them went off course and broke a window of a nearby building . 
  we ran back inside , but probably someone who knew where the guy i was at lived , saw us and called the police . 
  about 15 mins later , police shows up , and i , being drunk as fuck , started talking shit to them . 
  they grabbed me , took me inside the elevator , stopped it between two stories , beat the shit out of me , started it again , we got down , took me to the van and beat me up some more . 
  they took me to the police station and locked me in a room for 3 hours , would n't even let me use the bathroom , i almost pissed myself . 
  after that , they released me with no charges . 
  well , most westerners find our girls hot . 
  eastern and northern european girls are hot in general . 
  ahh , that 's ok , it was bad , but we did n't have a holocaust or anything . 
  people were joking about communism and mocking ceau\u0219escu even before he fell , they just did n't do it publicly . 
  also most romanians here on reddit were n't even born or were very young back then . 
  you still do n't get the point . 
  read the comments again , 16 year olds are n't kids . 
  nature says they are n't kids , the law says they are n't kids , you 're the only one who says they 're kids . 
   no idea if you guys are willing to joke about that part yet . 
  which part ? 
  in communist romania , joint rolls you . 
   she may lack the perspective to be able to say no to a mayor of the city who offers her favours in exchange for sex i know many adult women who would probably lack the perspective to say no to the mayor of a city who would offer them favors in exchange for sex . 
   what is this `` party-van '' [ this . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wykwbns.jpg ) it is said you only become a man after you get to see the inside of a party van . 
  i 've seen it when i was 16 . 
  my ribs hurt for a week after that . 
   why is he escorted there in handcuffs ? 
  for the media show . 
  they all are . 
   `` hey ms. 16 year old model . 
  i am radu mazare , i can get you signed and have professional photoshoots . 
  what do you think ? 
  wan na suck my dick and take it up the ass ? '', 
  the guy still did n't have any authority over her . 
  did he raped her ? 
  did he threaten her ? 
  from what your telling me , he made advances on her , she refused , and no bodily fluids were exchanged . 
  where is the problem ? 
  the guy is guilty of being a corrupt asshole and he will probably pay for this , but if he wants to fuck 16 year old girls that 's his problem as long as he does n't rape them . 
   i would n't know . 
  i do n't hunt 16 year olds . 
  ell if you were a virgin until you were 18 , or 20 or 40 , that 's your problem . 
  i cited the fucking law , read it again , it says people over 15 are free to have sex with whoever the fuck they want , as lung as the person they have sex with does n't have and use legal authority over the juvenile in order to convince them to have sex . 
  also , from my personal experience , in high school you actually needed to do some work to get a girl to have sex with with you , in college , most girls would have sex with you except if you have n't showered in 3 days or downright fugly . 
  so your argument does n't stand , considering in most cases 20 year old women are actually easier `` prey '' than 16 year old girls . 
  so you 're saying women are prey and men are the predators ? 
  do you think that only men gain pleasure from sex and women only do it because they are manipulated by men in order to satisfy their pleasures ? 
   i agree , but have one thing to add : it does n't mean someone is not a child anymore , when he/she had sex , as your last point suggests of course , but i really do n't consider anyone over 13-14 to be a child anymore . 
  at that age , your body changes and you start having other interests besides playing games or watching cartoons . 
  yup , with handcuffs on , as he 's being escorted to the party van . 
  he also does n't smoke cigarettes , only cigars , so it 's probably safe to assume it was weed . 
  yeah , he was doing it with handcuffs while the police was escorting him to the party van , look closely . 
   i 'm sorry , i do n't hang around in teenage circles trying to find who is a virgin so i can fuck them . 
  you just said your best friend was 16 . 
  i do n't hang out in teenager circles either , but i did back when i was a teenager , and i doubt teenagers today are any different and saving themselves for marriage or something .
