  if anything , they have become even more perverted . 
  after all , roxana babenco * is n't from my generation . 
   but if you wan na be that guy , go ahead . 
  easier to score an unsuspecting , young pussy , than an older one . 
  hope you feel good about yourself  saying that i would , does n't mean that i 'm doing it or that i 'm actively pursuing 16 or 17 year olds to fuck them . 
  i 'm just saying that in the case i would find myself in intimate situation with an attractive girl that is 16 or 17 years old , i would n't say no to consensual sexy times . 
  after all , it would only be a 5-6 years difference , my dad was 12 years older than my mom and they did n't have any problems . 
  \\* for non romanians , roxana babenco ( [ photo ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oqk5e9g.jpg ) ) is a 15 year old girl from constan\u021ba ( funny coincidence ) who became famous after she got drunk on her birthday and had sex with 5 boys . 
  a couple of videos got posted online and an epic drama ensued . 
  she has become a subject of teenage jokes , like `` what 's roxana babenco 's favorit chewing gum ? 
  five ! '', 
  or `` when roxana babenco says * give me five !, 
  * , she does n't mean the hand gesture '' . 
  yeah , me neither . 
  but he would have still needed money for the clownery . 
  sorry , i thought boobies were ok in europe . 
  from the penal code  art . 
  220  sexual intercourse with a juvenile  ( 1 ) sexual intercourse , oral or anal sex , as well as any act of vaginal or anal penetration committed with a juvenile aged 13 to 15 shall be punishable by no less than 1 and no more than 5 years of imprisonment . 
   ( 2 ) the act set by par . 
  ( 1 ) , committed on a juvenile who has not turned 13 years of age , shall be punishable by no less than 2 and no more than 7 years of imprisonment and a ban on the exercise of certain rights . 
   ( 3 ) the act set by par . 
  ( 1 ) , committed by a person of age with a juvenile aged 13 to 18 , ** when the former abused their authority or influence over the victim ** , shall be punishable by no less than 2 and no more than 7 years of imprisonment and a ban on the exercise of certain rights . 
  so , both your friends were over 15 and the mayor had no authority over them ( he was n't their father/tutor/teacher etc. ) . 
  as long as he did n't basically rape them , he did n't break any law . 
   but let 's be honest , you are not the mayor of constanta , who was married , and has a kid . 
  so you ca n't go on around fucking kids , right ? 
  afaik , he 's no longer married . 
  also , i seriously doubt anyone suspects him of having strong moral values . 
   last time i heard , 16 year olds are still considered kids . 
  if fucking kids is your deal , then , who am i to stop you ? 
  how many 16 year old virgins do you know ? 
  that does n't make him a pedophile  pedophilia or paedophilia is a psychiatric disorder in which an adult or older adolescent experiences a primary or exclusive sexual attraction to prepubescent children , generally age 11 years or younger . 
  let 's be honest , i know a lot of men , including myself , who would tap a 16 or 17 year old girl , especially if they 're models . 
  how old were they ? 
   a paedophile do you have proof ? 
  [ no shit !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbt7582uv-e ), 
   can someone remind me , from which bond movie where these taken ? 
  guess he could have had a great career as an actor , playing as a romanian version of james bond , but of course he had to become a corrupt , asshole politician . 
  the same photo is used in the english version as well http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/radu_maz\u0103re, 
  sword fights or binge drinking contests ? 
  i do n't think he 's gay , he has a 21 year old son and has also accused the president of the green party , remus cernea of being gay when the latter invited conchita wurst in romania for a gay parade . 
  he is also known for having many young lovers , so definitely not homosexual , bisexual at most . 
  a little bit of context : [ radu maz\u0103re is the mayor of the eastern romanian city of constan\u021ba , currently under arrest on corruption charges ] ( http://www.agerpres.ro/english/2015/04/02/constanta-mayor-socdem-radu-mazare-under-preventive-arrest-for-30-days-17-27-47 ) he is well known for being extremely flamboyant . 
  he is also the first man in romania featured on the cover of playboy . 
  that playboy shoot also turned out to be controversial , because one of the girls ( the one in the back ) was only 17 at the time . 
  she was penalized by the school , which at the time was dealing with another huge public scandal , the alleged rape of a student by a sports teacher . 
  the girl was also suspected of being the mayor 's lover . 
  the woman with the t-shirt that says `` justice for craiova '' , is the mayor of craiova . 
  the fat guy on which the mayor leans his head on , is the former president of the constan\u021ba county council . 
  he is a close associate of the mayor and also currently under arrest on corruption charges . 
  pretty much . 
  showing off was one of his favorite pastimes . 
  i doubt farage would be up for that . 
  he 'd probably be up for a binge drinking contest though . 
  we have this problem in romania too , in the last 20 something years , the population structure changed from pretty much 60 % rural and 40 % urban , to about 45 % rural and 55 % urban . 
  now i do n't know if this can be stopped , or even if it should be stopped . 
  society is developing , people require newer and better services , while agriculture can be done more efficiently while requiring much less human labor . 
  it is also much more expensive and inefficient to bring services like high speed internet to villages than it is to cities . 
  people also have to travel over larger distances for other things as well , which means they consume more energy . 
  i 'm sure many people would like to have a large house with a large garden , while also having access to modern services and well paid jobs , but that 's simply impractical in this century . 
   by the way , you know russian ? 
  quite impressive for a romanian  i understand a bit and can also speak a little and read/write . 
  i learned most of it while i was in the us , but i would n't say `` i know it '' . 
   edit : i 'm very afraid to ask what blyat means :d blyat theoretically means whore . 
  but in common usage it can mean pretty much anything . 
  it can be used to mean `` whore '' , it can be used to mean `` fuck '' , or it can just be used as a punctuation mark . 
  i noticed russians often use it just to make themselves sound more intimidating . 
  yes . 
  and not only that , i would also support limiting voting rights only to those who either pay taxes , have paid taxes for most or their life and are currently retired , are temporarily unemployed , or are still in the education system ( i.e. 
  students ) . 
  the point is , i do n't think professional slackers should be allowed to vote either , regardless of their knowledge of politics . 
   not to mention emil boc with his immortal `` ducks and trucks '' i think that was either iliescu or b\u0103sescu , do n't remember exactly which one , but pretty sure it was n't boc . 
  yeah , means dick . 
  `` idi na hui '' = du-te pe pul\u0103 ( go on a dick ) . 
  `` po hui '' is something like `` m\u0103 doare-n pul\u0103 '' or `` i do n't give a fuck '' . 
  do n't worry , next they 'll ban memes targetting public institutions that `` have nothing to do with what said institution does '' . 
  with each new law , russia is starting to look more and more like north korea , i seriously doubt it 's going to stop here . 
  i know this is just satire , but do n't give tsipras any new ideas . 
  the website looks just as bad as the video . 
  i know one guy who was classmates with me in high school . 
  other than him , i know a few people i suspect might be homosexuals , but they never came out so i ca n't know for sure . 
   that 's a big difference because if you knew at least one as a friend/neighbor/co-worker you 'd know they 're average people . 
  yeah , like priests are often times homosexuals . 
   ducks and trucks . 
   even the ritz looks shit . 
  still looks much better . 
  at least , they have what to show and the video does n't look like it was filmed with some amateur camcorder from 1985 . 
  what are you complaining about ? 
  at least you were n't raped by commies and the soviet union . 
  you also avoided being penalized for nazi crimes , as germany assumed full guilt . 
  i mentioned we became a big country after wwi . 
   also do n't forget the great american officer , mg harry hill bandholtz who prevented the brave romanian soldiers from looting the hungarian national museum on 5 october 1919 with a stick . 
  lol , that 's an urban legend . 
   according to the popular legend he bundled off the robbing romanian soldiers with this whip although bandholtz did n't mention this detail in his autobiography . 
  today the whip is on display in the hungarian national museum . 
  there 's this guy , `` fake agent uk '' who makes porn casting videos , has a bunch of uk flags all around his office and talks shit to immigrant girls . 
  guess he probably is a ukip member as well . 
   how is life for homosexuals in your country ? 
  i do n't know many homosexuals , but i guess generally quiet .
