   can they marry and have children ? 
  how would homosexuals have children ? 
   are they well seen in society ? 
  hope you choose the right side this time if it comes to ww3 . 
  but tito was croatian and serbia was n't the most prosperous part of yugoslavia afaik . 
  the only thing you lost was kosovo , yugoslavia was n't serbia . 
  when you said `` stupid politicians '' i instantly thought of hungary . 
  i 'm pretty sure hungarian politicians are worse than austrian ones , just think orban , fidesz , jobbik . 
  also , austria is not ignored by everyone , because everyone knows where hitler came from . 
  well , in 1915 we were a very fragmented country , then , after ww1 , we became a big country , briefly occupied budapest , in the interwar period we sort of had things going for us . 
  then ww2 came and everything went to shit . 
  we lost territory to the fucking russians , who also introduced us to the marvelous concept of communism . 
  2015 , we are still fighting corruption , being mocked by western europe for having too many gypsies and being the failing pupils of the eu , along with bulgaria . 
  hmmm , let me guess ... hungary ? 
  i do n't understand how mexico can into oecd , but romania can not ? 
  i find it interesting that 1 polish zloty = 1.09 romanian lei , making price comparisons between the two countries extremely easy . 
  i do n't know , ask the mps in the countries where it 's illegal . 
  in romania , prostitution is also illegal , but cam studios are not , as long as they pay taxes . 
   good old fashioned implies a long-lasting pattern of oppression as opposed to other better countries . 
  it also refers specifically to the nation of russia rather than any single specific regime or establishment . 
  yeah , so what 's so unfair in saying that ? 
  it 's not like russia has been a peace loving nation for most of its history . 
   on the contrary , the city ad that was on the side was very convincing . 
  you do realize that the budget for the city ad was probably 1000 times more than the one for the hotel ad , right ? 
  apparently , camming is considered prostitution in moldova . 
  those are moldovan lei , not romanian ones . 
   it does not . 
  never been to noko , but been to moldova . 
  in noko people are malnutricious , dying of hunder and have genetical defects from famine in 90s . 
  living like an animal is an upgrade for vast majority of noko population . 
  i do n't know for sure how many people are malnourished in nk , but tourists who go there never see those malnourished people . 
  again , most information about north korea is pure speculation and sometimes just propaganda ( yes , propaganda exists even in the west ) . 
  now , onto moldova . 
  i doubt there is much growth potential as it is a landlocked country , not many resources , most young people are leaving in order to find work abroad and with two separatist regions and a joke of an army , the country is pretty much unable to properly govern itself . 
  maybe it ca n't be relied on as well , but the point is , on the ground , moldova pretty much looks like north korea without kim + lots of advertisements . 
  it does n't actually have a real economy . 
  [ this is how a drive through rural moldova looks like , complete with surprise customs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_a1dneytaoe ), 
  yeah , that 's mostly because the country is dirt poor , so criminals go into moldovan villages , find young girls and promise them `` work '' abroad , so they end up being prostitutes . 
  in other cases , there are `` loverboys '' who get involved romantically with young country girls , most underage , they bullshit them into running away with them , abroad , then , when they get to countries like romania , italy or israel , they sell them on the prostitution market . 
  also , i 've heard stories from moldovan friends that foreigners often drive around the countryside in nice , rented cars , pick up girls as young as 13-14 , offer them a meal at a restaurant or 20-30 euros and have sex with them . 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
  for example , romania and croatia have almost the same ppp adjusted gdp per capita , but croatia looks a lot more developed than romania , and their nominal gdp per capita is 40 % higher ( $ 14,000 hr vs $ 10,000 ro ) . 
  also , you ca n't get reliable ppp data for north korea , it 's not like the north korean government publishes reliable economic statistics or that independent observers can gather reliable information about prices . 
  the north korean economy in the eyes of the outside world is probably like 90 % speculation and 10 % fact . 
  [ bugged and taped by the kgb remnants ( very nsfw video ) ] ( http://www.agenda.ro/scandal-sexual-la-consulatul-romaniei-la-chisinau-consulul-ion-nuica-si-a-dat-demisia/109974# ) context : the video , from 2009 shows the then romanian consul , ion nuica , having sex with a young employee from the consulate . 
  the point of the video was denigrate romania , as they played the romanian anthem , and the caption read `` this is how the romanians want to have us , like the consul ion nuica had this consulate employee '' . 
  there is speculation as to whom actually set up the honey trap , the most likely candidates being the fsb or the then communist controlled moldovan special information service . 
  he 's probably not old enough to remember how poland looked 20 years ago . 
  that article is actually bullshit , when he was asked about it , the president of the scelles foundation said he did n't remember who gave him the data . 
  i 'm sure the number is higher than in other countries , but 70 % is just bullshit . 
  this is starting to look like bosnia , but with russia being the new serbia . 
  well , moldovan women know how to appeal to western men ... just sayin ', 
  the gdp per capita of moldova is not much higher than that of north korea ( $ 2200 vs $ 1800 ) . 
  yeah , the moldovans probably tried to save money on advertising . 
  the result was an embarrassing north korean looking advert . 
  lviv looks a lot like timisoara or [ arad ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msddqoywh_c ) but with a lot more cobblestone streets . 
  we joined the eu like 17 years * after * ceausescu fell . 
  the situation was very different . 
   everyone knows you have literally never presented a single rebuttal to any of my comments ever . 
  your comments are so retarded , it would be like trying to rebute some crazy old man who claims to have spoken with aliens . 
  you are basically sugesting romania should attack transnistria and the russian troops stationed there . 
  what a great way to start ww3 , over fucking transnistria , a region most people ( including romanians ) never evean heard of , let alone give a fuck about . 
   nice conspiration theory you got there , m8 . 
  yeah surely , conspiracy theory . 
  i 'm sure the head of anaf , mr. gelu diaconu , who was also head of customs when contraband was pouring across the border , is a very honest and well intentioned individual , who of course had nothing to do with what was happening . 
  just like the former anaf boss , sorin blejnar . 
  i wonder if you 'll still defend anaf when the guy is going to be shown on national tv being escorted to the back of a party van . 
  i do n't think tsipras is in a position to tell the eu what to do . 
  i do n't think he is in a position to tell anyone what to do , except his own government . 
  when greece will stop being a financial black hole and become a prosperous country once again , maybe then he could start telling other people what to do . 
  generally yes , i do n't know if 100 % of the time , because i would rarely take the receipt . 
  maybe they did n't issue receipts for 100 of the max 1000 lei in income per day , but i think a fine would have been sufficient , no need to close the place down . 
  shop owners need to make a living too and the taxes imposed on them are ridiculous . 
  if they want to stop tax evasion , why not attack the big businesses , who are actually stealing the big money , but they attack small businesses which are keeping the economy afloat . 
  of course , when you take into account that their friends own those big businesses , things start to make sense . 
  i 'd rather see one big business closed down for evading $ 1 million than 1000 small businesses which evade $ 1000 each . 
  maybe shops being suspended for less than $ 1 are exaggerated , but fuck the shop one block away from my apartment building where i used to buy beer late at night , was closed by the anaf two days ago . 
  i know the owner , he 's a normal guy , not rich or anything , so pretty sure he did n't evade millions or anything . 
   anyways , russians hardly consider themselves european and do n't have the same standards . 
  we even have a different calendar . 
  what ? 
  they do n't . 
  also , by that logic , neither the uk should be in the eu , because they use imperial units and drive on the wrong side of the road . 
  i do n't see it happening , not in my lifetime , at least . 
  only way for it to happen is if a civil war breaks out in russia , gets divided and the european part of it joins the eu . 
   the romanian army could realistically mop transnistria up in a week . 
  everyone knows you 're retarded , did you feel the need to prove it once again ? 
  `` activity suspended by anaf - antifraud department for not issuing receipts . '', 
   is there an ethnic and/or cultural difference between a moldovan and a romania ? 
  ethinc differences , not really , but as / u/oblio - said , it depends on who you ask . 
  however , there are quite a few cultural differences , they evolved from a common point , but where romanian culture and mentality was influenced by the the us and western europe , moldovan culture was influenced by russia . 
  for example , there have been racist and homophobic attacks in moldova that are pretty much unheard of in romania . 
  the modus operandi was pretty much identical to that seen in russian neo-nazi videos , like beating the shit out of a black person or pouring piss on a gay guy 's head . 
  there is a well known black , pro-romanian political activist , [ john onoje ] ( http://infoprut.ro/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/385002_2006374339205_1839060092_1289729_2051222131_n.jpg ) has been subjected to racist verbal and even physical attacks . 
  even the former president , vladimir voronin , once said `` look who is defending the alliance [ for european integration ] !, 
  africa !, 
  blacks !, 
  '' , referring to onoje . 
  again , this kind of attack is pretty much unheard of in romania . 
  there are many other cultural differences between the two countries , but the main point is that romania has been heavily influenced by the west , while moldova has been heavily influenced by russia .
