  by religious people i do n't mean people that believe in god or go to church ocassionaly ( which is pretty much most people in my country ) , i mean people who actually base their entire life on religion , think their religion is the best and try to impose or convince others of their views . 
  i admit i do n't know many muslim people , but from what i see , hear and read , muslims in general seem to be much more radical about their religion than christians . 
  also , i find the fact that people are punished in some countries just because they renounce their religion or simply refuse to dress according to muslim attire utterly disgusting . 
  ultimately , i think people should only be allowed to come to europe if they decide to respect european culture and values . 
  people from other countries that go to muslim countries like saudi arabia even as tourists , not actually immigrants , have to respect laws that would be considered ridiculous by our standards . 
  i do n't see why that should n't go both ways . 
  what does it mean to respect our culture and values ? 
  well , that 's a complicated question , but for starters , mosques all over europe should not be allowed to spread hate against non muslims , burqas should n't be allowed in public ( and it 's not about telling people how to dress , but just as you 're not allowed to whip your dick out in public , you should n't be allowed to wear an outfit that makes it impossible to identify you . 
  after all , if you were walking around with a ski mask , you would be considered suspicious as fuck , with a burqa , not so much in many w.e. 
  countries ) and also respect other people 's ( i.e. 
  your fellow muslims ' ) right to do whatever the fuck they want , including renouncing their religion . 
  just as expected . 
  the only difference between easter and western europe is that we do n't have as many immigrants . 
  other than that , there 's lots of people who just sit on their asses and do nothing all day here as well . 
  yeah , that 's true , but i do n't think it 's the main reason for most eastern europeans , i 'm thinking most just want to make a quick buck . 
  azerbaijan is pretty secular afaik . 
  yup , so basically italy 's biggest problem was solved / s, 
  oh , how farage of him !, 
  i think it 's far more traumatising for a child to see his parent get arrested than a smack/slap . 
  i do believe that parents who are abusive/violent towards their children should be punished , but a line does have to be drawn between disciplining a child and abuse . 
  it really depends on what type of corporal punishment we 're talking about and how strictly the law is being enforced . 
  if we 're talking about parents who beat the shit out of their kid , i 'm pretty sure that 's banned in switzerland as well , but i 'm not so sure it 's a good idea to put a child in foster care just because his parent slapped him or something . 
  that 's just inflation dude , when i was a kid , i was selling pirated cds ( yeah , shame on me ) , i managed to save around 800 lei ( around $ 200 at the time ) , it felt like a fucking fortune . 
  why is that though ? 
  its neighbors do n't seem nearly as bad . 
  yeah , that 's true , but we also had some serious problems with heroin users before the state started seriously cracking down on drugs back in the early 2000s . 
  today , heroin is all but impossible to find outside the shittiest of bucharest neighborhoods . 
  most people i know have n't tried any drug besides weed . 
  a few people i know tried ecstasy and lsd but none are regular users . 
  the only person i knew who was a heroin addict was my cousin , but he lived in austria and died of an overdose a few years ago . 
  he was a good guy , but got involved with the wrong people ... 
  well , romania is basically the lowest and we have some pretty draconian anti drug laws . 
  you can get as much jail time for selling weed as for manslaughter . 
  if you sell hard drugs , it 's likely you 'll get more jail time than rapists , murderers or pedophiles ... for example , a guy who raped and murdered an 8 year old girl , and also indirectly caused the death of two other people , a taxi driver who commited suicide when he found out that he was a suspect in the case and the girl 's father who commited suicide as well , was released from prison after only 8 years , while it is not unheard of drug traffickers spending even 16 years or more . 
  you mean oppressed by nelle oap ? 
  they still pay some money afaik ( norway , at least ) . 
  also , they still have to adopt a lot of eu legislation in order to remain in the free trade area , but they do n't really have a say in regards to that legislation . 
  imho the benefits of norway and switzerland joining the eu would probably outweigh the costs . 
  what can i say ... good luck with that . 
  i thought farage resigned ? 
  i do n't think his career is over , your typical social democrat voter hates the diaspora anyway . 
  only prison or old age can end a social democrat politician 's career , i 'm pretty sure nastase would still be a prime time politician if he did n't go to prison . 
  interesting how mostly shitty countries are near the top of that least and mostly advanced countries near the bottom . 
  people in the advanced countries likely take what they have for granted . 
  that being said , i would fight for my country , but only in a defensive war , or if romanians were being threatened in another country ( i.e. 
  ukraine would decide to kill all romanians for some reason ) . 
  i would not go fight in some random shithole just because it had oil or other resources . 
  if they leave , nothing will improve , if they stay , they wo n't be allowed to reach their full potential . 
  what 's the point of being a great doctor if your country is shit , the hospital you work in is suffering from a chronic lack of funds and the management of the hospital is selected not by their competence levels , but nepotism and relations ? 
  yes , i do believe every shitty country probably has enough smart people that could change it , but they 're not allowed to do it , because its leaders are a bunch of crooks and the vast majority of the population is extremely guilible , easily manipulated into voting the same crooks again and again . 
  there 's simply no way you could change a rotten system like this , except if you had huge amounts of money and power , which if you did , you probably would not give a fuck about the common folk . 
  just because we have different laws does n't mean were ahead of them in any way . 
  my dad used the belt ( but only if i did something seriously stupid ) , my mom would just slap me and my grandma would use a wooden spoon . 
  that 's ridiculous , i was slapped as a kid when i did stupid shit , i did n't get brain damage and i obviously did n't die . 
  when countries are being run by corrupt fucks who only care about their own or group interests , people generally do n't want to stay around hoping for change . 
  think of it like a private company - a company can have the smartest , most hardworking people in the world , if the management is a bunch of idiots , most employees will eventually leave to a company that actually values their skills and work . 
  lets look at the general situation of a romanian that decides to go work in the uk . 
  he generally have a wife , a couple of kids , a shit job from 7 to 4 , a wage of # 250 per month and a lot of bills to pay . 
  he usually lives in a small shitty commie apartment , has a shitty old dacia that turns into a swimming pool whenever it rains and despite living like shit , his wage is simply too small to save anything . 
  when he goes to the uk , he continues to live a shitty life , maybe even shittier than back home , but after paying for all his bills and food ( which should n't be a lot , considering he lives like shit ) , if he can save only # 500 per month to send to his family , that still means twice his old salary . 
  many people eventually manage to get a less shitty job and then afford to send much more than # 500 home , eventually saving up enough money to build a house , buy a nice car , pay for the kids college etc. 
  in romania there are many expensive cars and nice houses , probably 20 % of the owners are businessmen , 10 % probably have a well paying job in romania , but the vast majority are people who have worked/are working abroad . 
  we 're not in the 20th anymore and people compete on a global scale . 
  if you can make 4 times as much working in sweden than in estonia , that 's estonia 's problem because it means you are n't being paid for what you 're worth . 
  that has a lot to do with outsourcing . 
  western european or american firms outsource development work to eastern europe or india simply because devs there are plentiful and cheap . 
  if you are leaving to work in sweden , you 're not doing only yourself a favour but you also help your fellow devs in estonia by forcing it firms to raise salaries in order to motivate other devs to stay . 
  when western companies outsource development work , a lot of money goes to intermediaries and the money they save by not hiring developers in western countries to do the work usually goes into private boats , planes and ridiculously large mansions for their ceos . 
  you going to sweden is like basically showing the finger to the greedy bastards that want the same work done 4x times cheaper so they can make more money . 
  it was n't exactly a pc statement , but he 's kinda right on this one . 
  gypsies and hungarians , typically . 
  i do n't think it 's about balls , but about being desperate . 
  poroshenko needs to make as many friends as possible in the west and saying anything against the gay rights movement would make things much harder for him ( think about all the countries that criticized russia way before the situation in ukraine , because of the gay rights issue ) . 
  poroshenko has been a politician for a long time , if he supported the gay rights movement he could have voiced his support a long time ago , but this is the first time afaik . 
  also , his comment :  i will not participate in it , but i do n't see any reason to impede this march because it 's a constitutional right of every citizen of ukraine , sounds more like `` it 's their right to have whatever kind of march they want '' not like `` i support the gay rights movement and i 'm going to pressure the parliament to legalize gay marriage '' . 
  yeah , i was . 
  i doubt he 'll do that . 
  iohannis is all talk and no action , he does n't have the balls to do anything meaningful . 
   the pm said after the presidentials last december than he will quit if he is accused of corruption ponta lying ? 
  who would 've thought ? 
   like was this something many romanians expected to happen ? 
  yeah , it was expected . 
  he is one of the most vocal critics of the anti-corruption crusade , he has links , including family links to some of the worst corrupt politicians , it was clear the dna would go after him at some point , they just needed some evidence . 
   flairs are just clutter , they do n't provide any additional information that ca n't be inferred by the title of the submission . 
  flairs can be useful , but only if you can filter posts by flair . 
  i really do n't understand how these things work . 
  so these people just think , `` italy has a problems with the economy and immigration , let 's go kill some random immigrant , we 'll show them ! '' . 
  there 's around a million romanians in italy , the vast majority mind their own business , the roma living in camps and the ones stealing or doing other illegal stuff are probably 1-2 % . 
  i ca n't understand how people can still be butthurt about something that happened 95 years ago . 
  there is simply no realistic way that these changes will ever be reversed , just accept it . 
  gdp is consumption + investment + gov. 
  spending + ( exports - imports ) . 
  if there are more imports than exports , that final part is negative . 
  this is basic stuff . 
  you can have high levels of growth without necessarily having a bubble , if we develop our industry , increase our exports and decrease our imports , high levels of growth should not be that hard to attain . 
  of course , it is also important how money will be spent by the government , if the money is spent on legit infrastructure projects , there will be development , but if it will be spent on electoral handouts and corruption black holes , we will still be vulnerable at even the slightest economic fluctuation . 
   not gypsies or manouches . 
  the official name gypsies is roma . 
  the roma from eastern europe ( including romania ) are also part of the sinti subgroup iirc . 
  i wo n't be impressed unless we reach 2007-2008 levels of growth ( 7-8 % ) .
