  that means you 're a patriot then , not a nationalist . 
  a nationalist considers his nation to be superior to everyone else and is based on resentment towards other countries . 
  you ca n't properly cooperate with anyone else if you keep thinking your nation is superior and better than anyone else 's . 
  maintaining culture , identity and soverignty is patriotism . 
  when you think it 's easy to get them out , remember hitler too was elected democratically . 
  these people , once they get a taste of power they will try to change laws and constitutions to ensure their cling to power , there are some current examples , look at putin in russia , erdogan in turkey or viktor orban in hungary . 
  of course i 'm not saying that every person who voted for the far right desires a weaker eu and likes putin . 
  however the far right feeds mostly on nationalistic feelings which always brings bad things . 
  i know many countries in europe have suffered economically over the last few years , but is voting for the far right really a solution ? 
  far right parties promote themselves by propaganda , exagerating facts , distorting the truth and blame all the problems on some boogeyman like immigration . 
  imho , it 's really easy for one of these parties to gain a majority in some countries and from that moment on , it will be extremely tough to get them out as they are n't big fans of democracy and freedom . 
  i think it 's perfectly legitimate for the eu to have it 's own interests just like the us , russia and china have their own interests . 
  however those interests must be promoted without breach of international law . 
  the eu did n't break international law `` by acting provocatively '' , however russia did by annexing crimea . 
  while they might come up with excuses for the situation in donetsk and lugansk , they had no excuse and no legal base for annexing crimea . 
  that was just a purely imperialistic and expansionist act , that was in breach of international law and agreements that russia was part of . 
  hmmm , interesting thing about the electoral action of poles in lithuania , similarly , they use the gagauz people in moldova , whose leader is also very pro-russian as well even though logically they should be pro-turkey . 
  edit : i did n't know russia still had such a powerful influence in lithuania, 
  it was n't the eu who annexed crimea ... 
  the fsb is well established across europe , i 'm sure they have many proxies with no apparent connection to moscow . 
  still , what 's the point of making threats you obviously ca n't follow through ? 
  ( like nuking an eu and nato member ), 
  eastern romania has the same murder rate as moldova ? 
  now i see why they make daily prime time news lol, 
  yeah , the polish fm is such an attention whore , surely he recorded himself then posted it on the web . 
  transnistria is a pariah state , they will eventually be annexed either by moldova or ukraine . 
  frankly i think russia is too scary to be included in the eu . 
  i think the cis countries consider themselves eurasian . 
  maybe `` united states of greater austria '', 
  well if you impose a language , that can be a start to impose other things . 
  the maine difference between the ussr and eu is n't that the ussr was communist and the eu is not , but it 's that the ussr tried to create uniformity by attempting to russify everyone . 
  people have a lot of pride in their languages and doubt they would democratically agree on a dominant language . 
  i can hardly see the french accepting english as their official language . 
  this is the 21st century , i do n't think an european federation needs to be a copy of the us . 
  if there will ever be a common language in europe , it will probably be english , for obvious reasons . 
  but i do n't think it should ever be de jure , just de facto . 
  if a language was to be made de jure official language of europe , how would the eu be any different from the ussr ? 
  nothing new here , the kgb ( fsb ) has been busy leaking quite a lot of shit lately . 
  antena 3 is n't representative of the whole media . 
  antena 3 used every possible opportunity to bash basescu and he still became president twice and survived 2 impeachment attempts . 
  yeah , but they have good infrastructure and industry . 
  belarus 's per capita gdp is actually comparable to romania 's, 
  yeah i remember when the illegal transnistrian did n't even let him visit his mother 's grave . 
  he has so much bad karma around him , basically everyone hates him except for the poor bastards that still vote for his party . 
  i do n't think he 'll make any miracles . 
  i also do n't think anyone should vote him or not based on ethnic background . 
  it just that he seems to have better manners than ponta , for example and i doubt he 'd embarrass romania like basescu did . 
  it 's also that sibiu looks better than many cities in romania , so i think this guy would take hisjob seriously . 
  most importantly he ca n't be worse than ponta . 
  victor ponta , known for : plagiarising his doctorate and not even having the decency to admit it . 
  supported super immunity of mps and amnesty for criminals . 
  said he will recognise kosovo as soon as he becomes president ( which is against the will of the majority of romanians ) . 
  he seems to have made a secret deal with the democratic union of hungarians , otherwise i ca n't explain their support for him as president . 
  oltchim scandal . 
  generally having a bad reputation in europe after trying to impeach the president along with crin antonescu back in 2012 . 
  roads are not nearly as bad as they used to be . 
  even though romania has only around 600 km of motorways , the roads are very good by eastern european standards . 
  as long as you stay clear of back country roads , you should be fine . 
  well poland 's image did improve over time . 
  also the image of irish people and italians in the us did eventually improve . 
  if romania is able to reduce corruption and close the gap between it 's economic condition and that of western europe , maybe in 20 or so years , the image might change . 
  maybe he is , but seems to have something most other politicians lack , common sense . 
  with all of putin 's wet dreams of world domination ? 
  not yet ready for the us to leave ... 
  the uk is pretty much a us puppet state , that 's why they want out of the eu . 
  a strong eu goes against the interests of the us , even if they do n't state it publicly . 
  if that ever happens , i can easily see nigel farage jumping before everyone else , even putin , to scream about the `` invasion '' of moldovans in the uk . 
  same goes when talking about russia . 
  europe is not united , that 's why their scared to say anything to the us or russia . 
  maybe if it was n't for all those far-right groups , europe would actually have a chance of becoming a geopolitical power . 
  i 'd rather like to see russia become a more european country than breaking up ... russians are not bad people , they have been living under autocratic governments for pretty much all their history , they still lack the enlightenment europe has been through . 
  when that will happen , i believe they can become civilised like the rest of europe . 
  belarus is much more developed than moldova , there 's no question about it . 
  although it 's pretty much a dictatorship , it 's still far from being north korea though . 
  romanian average net wage 2007 - 312 euros moldova average net wage 2014 - 194 euros not quite the same , also moldova has had a higher inflation rate than romania, 
  as much as i 'd like to see that happen , the problem is that russia still has a lot of nukes , i doubt anyone would want to see part of those nukes fall in the hands of some islamic caliphates . 
  well , viktor orban is obviously a wan na be dictator and he knows dictatorships have no place in europe , with russia being the only country that openly supports shit-hole dictatorships . 
  moldova would bring a lot of problems to romania and the union would have almost no benefits for romania . 
  with all their pro-russian minorities , with the transnistrian problem , all those communists and anti-romanians , poverty , no natural resources etc. 
  i do n't see a single reason romania would want to unite with moldova . 
  the same language , same people bullshit is being used by politicians , because well , right now around 800,000 moldovans have romanian passports , thus are able to vote in romanian elections and also by die-hard , far-right ultra-nationalists , but for them , union with moldova is just a priority among others ( like cleansing romania of hungarians , gypsies , homosexuals ) . 
  by blood voronin is romanian , however his step-father was a convinced pro-soviet communist . 
  yeah but said dissolution was n't quite as bad in other former ussr countries ... not even in ukraine . 
  i think the soviets never intended to develop moldova because they thought it might eventually reunite with romania . 
  however a big problem of the moldovan society is that they act almost like a nation of beggars . 
  they are nostalgic of the soviet times , when in reality the only difference was that they were subsidised by the soviets . 
  ever since independence , their leaders begged either romania , russia or other western countries for economic aid . 
  even former communist president vladimir voronin , who is , along with igor dodon and iurie muntean , one of the most notorius anti-romanian in moldova , was being friendly towards the romanian president back in 2005 . 
  yeah well , that 44 % sure explains the large number of luxury cars in the capital . 
  i knew about poroshenko speaking romanian , but not about yatsenyuk though ( guess it makes sense , since he is from chernivitsi ), 
  political instability started a few months ago , moldova 's decline started 23 years ago . 
  if what you 're saying is true , than how is it that all cis members ( except russia which has huge reserves of natural resources ) are much worse off than even the newest countries in the eu . 
  if you compare poland or romania with britain , they are poor , but if you compare them to ukraine , belarus , armenia etc. 
  ( not even mentioning the stans ) they are paradise . 
  this is another problem i forgot to mention . 
  romania offers scholarships to moldovan students but many of them abandon the studies before finishing them , and among those that finish , very few actually return to moldova , preferring to work in romania or somewhere else in europe . 
  i would n't say they are stupid , but surely brainwashed . 
  sorry but this is like saying , `` yeah zimbabwe kinda sucks , but they offer great safari tours '' , it 's not touching the subjects that we discuss . 
  i do n't think there 's going to be one politician that would agree to give up power just to unite with romania , regardless of what he considers himself . 
  the situation is much different with that of germany , russia did n't oppose german unification , but it did oppose romanian unification , with the pretext for transnistrian separatism being that moldova 's unification with romania was imminent and transnistria did n't want to be a part of that ( they used the exact same propaganda they use today in ukraine , saying romanians were fascists and all the typical kremlin bullshit ) .
