  yep , [ sights like these ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6e3vx6k.jpg ) have become commonplace . 
   half of these are disliked in moldova , too . 
  if you were to meet a peasant you 'd encounter a lot more weird constructions , though . 
  we 're only scratching the surface man haha . 
  some of the words people use in villages have no recognizable origin whatsoever , they sound chinese or some shit . 
  well , that 's understandable , peasants here also use weird dialects , if i go 20 kms outside timisoara and speak to a peasant , it 's pretty much guaranteed within a few minutes i will some weird shit like z\u0103uita , rapelt , chicit , cl\u0103b\u0103\u021b or spoherd . 
  but anyway , pretty much every moldovan that came here had to explain multiple times what things like pidar , na hui , blea , po hui etc meant . 
  not really , we were better off than ukraine and moldova long before we joined the eu . 
  but i do agree , things would have been worse without eu membership . 
  we would have probably been where serbia is now . 
   we just did n't know how much . 
  we always knew it was in the billions , the exact numbers do n't matter even now , what matters is that it 's a very significant part of the state budget . 
  what matters is who exactly is stealing and when it will stop . 
   however , it 's not very clear why fight against corruption worked in romania , but not in bulgaria , as we are culturally similar and we joined the eu at the same time . 
  we were just lucky to have the right people in the right places at the right time . 
  kovesi plays a very important role , if someone else was in her position , things could have looked very different . 
  most positive change in romania has something to do with the eu in one way or another . 
  for example , the anticorruption crusade was partly motivated because germany and some other countries opposed our schengen membership because of corruption issues . 
  also , the eu has very strong support here , so politicians are afraid of being criticized by the eu because it affects their chances of being reelected . 
  yeah , but there can be exceptions such as food , drugs etc. 
  silly americans , it 's not sales tax , it 's vat . 
  on a side note , the anaf ( romanian irs ) has started a crusade against small businesses that try to evade taxes . 
  they have suspended shops even if they had less than $ 1 that was unaccounted for . 
  carrefour is actually one of the shittier stores in romania . 
  we also used to have plus and spar , but were rebranded as lidl and billa respectively . 
   `` bine dar '' - never thought about it that way haha : ) ) there are other anomalies , like : - ask any moldavan `` how are you ? 
  '' , the answer will normaly be * tot normal * , which makes no sense in romanian whatsoever ( means * still normal * , i.e. 
  have n't gone crazy ) only if you consider it as a literal translation of * vsyo normalna * . 
  - the verb * a importa * , normally means * to import * , moldovans use it as * to matter * . 
  - moldovans use * a regula * instead of * a regla * , which means * to adjust * . 
  the problem is , in romanian slang , * a regula * means * to fuck * . 
  - using * dependen\u021b\u0103 * instead of * func\u021bie * - using * baterie * instead of calorifer . 
  it 's just like surgery , you 'll suffer a little at first , but then it will be much better than before . 
   now moldova just needs to reunite with romania and the map will be fixed . 
  there 's some mixed feelings about that . 
  on both sides . 
  yeah , but you 'd think after several years of living in romania they 'd drop it . 
  i know people who have lived here for years and still use suka blyat in casual conversations with romanians , not to mention uniquely moldovan constructs like `` a se primi '' or `` bine dar '' . 
  i always found the `` bine dar '' construct very confusing , as you always expect them to say something after that , but they never do . 
  maybe not every romanian who ever held public office was corrupt , but i 'm sure a majority of them were . 
  there are many people who even started out with good intentions and became corrupt because of the system . 
  in a system where corruption is allowed to thrive , it will thrive , it pretty much works like cancer . 
  they can arrest and convict as many politicians as they like , as long as the system remains the same , corruption will continue to thrive and suck up the resources . 
  the only way we can reduce corruption to manageable levels ( because it can never be completely eliminated ) is with more transparency , less bureaucracy , decentralization and a completely new approach to education , to make sure the next generations have strong positive values instilled in them . 
  their problem is that they are extremely short sighted and have never managed to do anything properly . 
  in the early 90s , moldova pretty much resembled romania . 
  actually , they even had better roads than us . 
  the problem is that romania has progressed beyond recognition since then , while moldova has gotten worse , a lot worse . 
  germany is by far hungary largest trade partner , so i believe so , yes . 
  what is n't said is that there was a referendum in romania back in 2009 when an overwhelming majority voted to reduce the number of seats to a maximum of 300 . 
  but of course , only fools think romania is a legit democracy . 
   abortion was then legalised in 1990 . 
  that year , as many as 992,000 abortions were registered , three times the number of births . 
  lol , it 's like most romanian young women became whores for a year to celebrate the legalization of abortions . 
  makes me feel ashamed of my country . 
  i think merkel needs to make another visit to hungary and give orban another slap on the wrist . 
   but how would they know they overstayed prior if there is no record being kept of departures ? 
  seems as of right now there is no real way to enforce overstaying by itself and generally goes with getting caught for something else . 
  yeah , but overstaying is wildly popular in the us as well , even though they have much stricter controls . 
  if that 's what it takes , then yes . 
  i ca n't imagine how my life would have been if i did n't speak english . 
  my world view would have been severely limited , i would have never had access to the vast amounts of information that was never translated in romanian and going abroad would have been a frustrating experience . 
  i managed to get along with english in pretty much every country i visited , except hungary . 
   seems reasonable . 
  i mean afaik , they have no way of determining who is an overstayer if they do n't actually get caught . 
  would n't they be caught when they tried to reenter the uk ? 
  i think it 's just a retarded populist move . 
  just another way to spend some money and distract the masses from the real problems , like the increasing gap between the rich and poor in the uk . 
  i think greece might just prove to be our trojan horse for the russians . 
  if they are able to inflict even a fraction of the damage they inflicted on the eurozone , russia is pretty much fucked . 
  [ well / r/europe definitely helped brush up my geography skills ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tgcuj93.png ) would have been a lot more fun if you had to identify the capitals . 
  i envy the netherlands , you can smoke a joint , fuck a whore and not get paranoid every time you see a police officer . 
  totally unsurprising , moldova is pretty much a failed state in the middle of europe . 
  that guy is simply retarded , romanians have always supported serbia . 
  this guy is a fucktard , most romanians support serbia , we have always been bffs , not waging wars against each other . 
  afaik , kosovo has had an average growth rate of over 3 % since independence , which i think is pretty good , considering it 's a de facto part of the eurozone . 
  dude , this is / r/europe , you do n't have to use the imperial system , you can use metric , like normal people . 
  yeah , i also had a classmate back in uni , he spoke romanian with a mild accent , but when he spoke english , he sounded like sergey lavrov . 
  i do n't know what 's up with moldovans speaking romanian woth such a strong russian accent , i have a friend who is actually russian , like sankt-petersburg russian , came to romania 5 years ago , not knowing a single word in romanian and today she speaks so flawlessly if she told you she was born in timisoara you would believe her . 
  meanwhile , there are people from the romanian part of moldavia actually , who have been living in timisoara for 20 , 30 , 40 years and the second they open their mouth you instantly know where they 're from . 
  even my late grandfather , he was born in moldavia , when he was only 20 moved to timisoara , even after 58 years he still had a bit of an accent . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.bbr.com/region-35-moldova ) . 
  you can also find other romanian/moldavian wines at [ albinuta.co.uk ] ( http://albinuta.co.uk ) . 
  i 'm not very familiar with how norwegian sounds like , but i 'm pretty sure they all have a strong russian accent . 
  not really . 
  `` stoli '' and `` stalin '' mean two different things . 
  stalinskaya is it 's own brand , registered , and the vodka is sold internationally . 
  saying stalinskaya wants to capitalize on the stolichnaya is like saying windows 10 wants to capitalize on the os x brand . 
  yeah , but rubbing alcohol is n't vodka . 
   believe what you want , soviet war crimes are numerous , just as war crimes of any other big participant in that conflict , including allies . 
  why do you complain about the germans all the time then ? 
  i do n't speak latin so i do n't have any idea what you 're talking about . 
  please explain . 
  believe what you want . 
  the war crimes of the soviets are very well documented in pretty much every country they `` liberated '' . 
  a whole bunch . 
  even in romania , which is n't very fond of russia , the most popular brand of vodka is called stalinskaya . 
  of course , there were those who were sent for resisting collectivization and others sent just because . 
  but if you were an intellectual , the train ticket to siberia was pretty much guaranteed . 
  yeah , because i 'm sure any 8 year old child exposed to that sort of shit would simply forget in a few years / s that 's the sort of shit you carry to the grave , but of course you would n't know , because you have n't seen people killed or dead bodies piled in carts when you were 8 years old .
