  we pay far more in taxes to bucharest than we get back . 
  regionalisation is not postponed by us , but by bucharest . 
  bucharest benefits most from a centralized state . 
  if regionalisation would happen , timisoara and banat in general would have only to gain . 
  the article i pointed to is from 2014 and says the average net salary in bucharest is 2.470 lei . 
  that 's 550 euros . 
  i 'm sure it has n't doubled since 2014 my friend . 
  yeah , because it 's actually true ? 
  please read the wikipedia entry on wallachia , then come back . 
  i did n't say there were no gypsies in timisoara ( or hungary/serbia for that matter ) , i said there was no such thing as a gypsy mafia . 
  can you even read ? 
   about 1/3 of that , if not more , is generated from the bucharest metropolitan area . 
  the gdp per capita of bucharest is 4 times higher than the national average , about $ 43000 . 
  lol , where do you even get your numbers ? 
  `` bucharest has a gdp per capita of $ 43,000 '' - this is the most idiotic thing i ever heard in my life . 
  typical bucharest `` mitic '' . 
  such ignorance , you do n't even know the historical regions of your own country . 
  timisoara is in banat , not in transylvania . 
   plus , it 's not like you 're ever gon na be able to replace bucharest as the capital . 
  sectorul 2 is more populous than timisoara as a whole . 
  i do n't think timisoara should be the capital . 
  but your argument regarding population is retarded . 
  bern , the capital of switzerland , has less than half the population of timisoara . 
  gdp of switzerland = $ 685 billion . 
  gdp of romania = $ 190 billion . 
  you do the math . 
  there was no such thing as gypsy mafia when banat was part of austria-hungary . 
  back then gypsies were paying taxes and their primitive traditions such as living in tents were banned . 
  timi\u0219oara was the first city in continental europe to have electric street lighting . 
  back when we were riding trams , most streets in bucharest were n't even paved , you were walking through mud . 
  the situation in timisoara started getting worse when we began to receive influxes of undesirables from all the shitty parts of the country under communism . 
  [ sure , a shit hole . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhw78s84xui ) . 
  i 'm not saying its perfect , we have our own problems , communism , gypsy mafia ( also a wallachian import ) but bucharest is far worse . 
  also being from bucharest , you should abstain from talking about stray dogs , last time i was in bucharest , i was followed by a horde of around 15 strays . 
  this is unheard of in timisoara , even at the gara de nord railway station ( which is under cfr administration ) . 
  most of the city is very safe , we have few `` bad neighborhoods '' and none even close to being as bad as ferentari , which is an area of bucharest with one third the entire population of timisoara . 
  there are other former soviet bloc capitals which have n't been turned into total shit holes , like prague , budapest , even warsaw . 
  bucharest is one of the worst examples . 
  the tragic part is that the destruction actually became even worse after the fall of communism , with ugly and badly built buildings popping up everywhere like mushrooms , finishing off whatever hints of a former sense of aesthetics the city still had . 
  do n't expect too much from bucharest , it 's a place where most of the shitty habits in this country originate . 
  it 's dirty , kitschy , expensive and corrupt . 
  a magnet for all the undesirables of romanian society . 
  just an example , the mayor of the 5th sector , marian vanghelie . 
  he has been mayor since 2000 , even though he ca n't even speak properly , i honestly doubt he ever read a book cover to cover in his entire life , he has links with the underworld and has threatened journalists and opponents in the past . 
  he once told an ( female ) opponent `` you and your family are gon na get it !, 
  you 'll end up in a trunk '' . 
  that was in 2004 . 
  he was elected then , after that in 2008 and also in 2012 . 
  he was approved by people in his party , no one dared to challenge him until this saturday when he was finally arrested . 
  that 's 2015 's bucharest . 
  i 'm ashamed that shit hole is our country 's capital . 
  at last , we know how much putin bots are paid . 
  a bit disappointing though , would have expected at least 1000 euros per month . 
  damn southerners have no sense of beauty , no wonder they gave us ceau\u0219escu . 
  according to [ porcisme.ro ] ( http://porcisme.ro/component/content/article/34/48-total-porcisme-din-romania ) 41.7 billion euros have been lost only since 2009 . 
  that 's a lot , considering the annual state budget is around 60 billion . 
  that 41.7 billion means around 2000 euros from every man , woman and child in this country . 
  the minimum yearly wage is 2635 euros . 
  do the math . 
  i do n't even want to think about the lost opportunities . 
  and this is only since 2009 ... imo , causing a prejudice of more than 1 million euros to the state budget should carry a mandatory life sentence and confiscation of all assets , regardless of how they were acquired . 
  i know this is more than murder , but stealing so much money is worse than murder , thinking about the thousands of people who die in underfunded hospitals . 
  sure , it 's all funny and everything . 
  but then you think about those sums of money . 
  75 million , 60 million , 100 million ... and you realize it 's your money and romania is still the second poorest country in the eu . 
  you just want to tear those assholes apart , they should be hung from utility poles . 
  in romania the press would love something like this , it would be a big scandal , but i doubt it would affect a politician 's reelection chances . 
  unfortunately , there are n't many case studies . 
  however , if a politician turned out to be gay , his career would probably be over . 
  just when i was getting ready to open the champagne bottle . 
  rom\u00e2nia can into space !, 
  fuck britain dude , i 'm signing up to colonize mars . 
  i wo n't celebrate until i get to know who replaces him . 
  we 're going to miss putler if he gets replaced by someone worse than himself . 
  maybe then the parties will actually switch to meritocracies instead of apointing corrupt assholes based on shady deals , nepotism , friendships etc. 
  there are corrupt people in every party of course , but currently , the vast majority of the ones arrested and sentenced are from the psd ( the party currently in power ) . 
  they are kleptomaniacs , they steal everything from money to votes . 
  lol , that 's like 10 times more than their entire police force . 
  was that really broadcast on first channel ? 
  remembering agk , i can understand why germoney might want to ban some games . 
  maybe he died choking on a penis or something , but that 's probably too good to be true , and even if it was , i 'm sure they 'd do anything to hide it . 
  m\u0103-ta - are cratim\u0103 , 
  he edited his post now , but originally linked to a picture of some gypsies living in some dilapidated houses and said that was common in romania . 
  maybe they are going to announce putin 's death and the military is there to prevent all hell breaking loose after the announcement ? 
   then poland would have to accept it . 
  which would never happen . 
  why would polska refuse clay ? 
   all you would get are territories populated by ukrainians ( 80.5 % ) yeah that 's why i said we 'd need to pay the [ kebab removal specialists ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocw3fbqpqku ) . 
  ^ ^ ^ chill ^ ^ ^ out , ^ ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ kidding . 
  subsistence farming is still pretty common in romania . 
  many farmers have small plots of land which they refuse to sell or join with other farmer to create a cooperative ( they are traumatized from the communist times ) so they ca n't afford tractors or other modern equipment . 
  to get an idea , agriculture represents less than 7 % of romanian gdp , but it employs 24 % of the workforce . 
  well , according to putin 's world view , things still work like in the 1800s . 
  well purchasing it is kinda totally unfeasible . 
  it 's really unheard of in the 21st century that a country just sells such a huge chunk of its territory to other countries . 
  if they would be that desperate , i 'm sure it would be a huge price that we probably could not afford . 
  and then , after we buy it , we 'd have to pay the krs to cleanse the area , then invest more money to bring it to eu standards . 
   same in czechoslovakia , jihlava is called iglau . 
  we have a place called jilava in romania too , it 's a notorious prison . 
  lol , that would n't even be possible .
