  that 's enough to dissuade action . 
  i 'm just throwing your own points right back at you , it 's funny that you did n't even consider the eu 's wmds acting as a deterrent when you make a point about russia 's wmds acting as a deterrent . 
  how 's this ; putin does n't want war with the eu , wants to keep trading with them instead , and would n't risk war with the eu over a small piece of land ? 
  no , not a small piece of ukrainian land , but a piece of land like latvia , which is part of the eu and nato . 
  it 's all very simple , try your best to understand . 
   your entire argument is , `` here 's what i would do if i were king of the eu . '', 
  that 's nice , bro . 
  nations trade with each other after wars . 
  my entire argument is : `` use common sense and look at reality , russia gets nothing from war with the eu , they do a ton of trading with them and it would hurt themselves far more than it would hurt the eu . 
  putin is smart enough to know that . 
  large eu countries already have a competent military , and could militarize if threatened . '', 
  that 's it . 
  nothing more . 
  all common sense and a realistic view of europe . 
  your argument : `` russia could take lebensraum if they wanted and the eu would do nothing , and they 'd even keep trading with russia . '', 
  which is obviously speculative bullshit you 're pulling directly out of your own ass as you type . 
  i 'm done with this pointless discussion , have fun with your wild imagination . 
  wait a minute , did n't you just say russia would want to keep trading with western europe ? 
  how would they keep trading if they used wmds against them , or threatened to use them ? 
  do you think countries typically keep trading after that ? 
  you 're talking about going against your largest trading partner ( some of which are nuclear-armed ) like it 's a sunday picnic ; it 's not going to happen . 
  this is your entire argument btw , making stuff up and speculation . 
  not many facts and not much reality in your world it seems . 
  haha that image , because context does n't matter , right ? 
  they ask if people are willing to fight for their country , what do you think people from the netherlands , a country under no threat whatsoever , will understand this as ? 
  where is the last place the dutch armed forces fought ? 
  the middle east . 
  so people understand the question as `` are you willing to fight for your country in the middle east ? '', 
  most people were and still are against the wars in the middle east , so i think their answers are n't unexpected . 
  it 's not a defensive war , like it would be if russia invaded an ally or even their own country . 
  finland has a lot of history with russia , so the percentage there is understandably higher because they interpret the question as `` would you fight for your country if russia invaded again ? '', 
  ukraine is currently in a conflict with russia , the percentage is high but not as high as finland 's because there are a lot of russia-sympathizers there . 
   i think once we start talking about economic sanctions for lebensraum , we have basically ceded the point that russia would win . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  again , what makes you think they would only sanction russia ? 
  because of ukraine ? 
  that 's not the same , ukraine is n't even part of the eu nor nato , and still the eu sanctioned them . 
  you 're talking out of your ass , russia would n't win shit . 
   russia is in an interwar germany situation : embarrassed former power with a bone to pick . 
  they want to fight more than w. europe , by a lot . 
  [ citation needed . ], 
  sounds like a ton of speculation . 
  you mean 3rd top comment ? 
  `` not in the mood for jokes right now , sadly . 
  this is a fucking shame . 
  how much will it take for cucks to stop destroying their own countries ? '', 
  of course they use that word , how else can we know they 're teenagers ? 
  that 's not the biggest [ thread ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/5zjs9t/the_netherlands_is_seeing_a_turnout_like_theyve/ ) on the election though . 
  the comments do n't seem so bad , some silly ones about voter fraud , but i expected worse from t_d . 
   you know , just because you guys think of the eu as indivisible does n't mean everyone else does . 
  if russia can give itself some lebensraum and still trade with western europe , what 's the difference ? 
  what makes you think western europe would want to continue trading with russia if they decide to give themselves some european lebensraum ? 
  what makes you so sure they wo n't fight back if their allies are attacked by russia ? 
  how much lebensraum are we talking here ? 
  because that 's a lot of nato allies/eu countries russia would be invading if they went all the way to western europe . 
  we 've seen what european countries are capable of in the last century . 
  it 'd be nice if we can avoid that though . 
   it 's based off of nato vs russia + china , which is less unlikely . 
  still very unlikely . 
  putin is smart enough to know his boundaries ( he does n't even dare to admit having troops in eastern ukraine ) , and the ccp wants trade and stability above all else , especially with the eu and the us . 
  i 'm not sure , russia 's military is n't as almighty as some seem to think , they still use a lot of conscripts and much of their hardware is outdated . 
  if they could somehow get china to help , then yes europe could be in deep trouble ( if it ca n't militarize before then ) . 
  but this scenario is extremely unlikely ; we 're the largest trading partners of both of them , and china wants stability and trade above all else . 
  i strongly doubt china would choose russia over the eu , unless we are in some kind of situation in which the eu threatens china . 
  huh . 
  i 'm the exact opposite ; i consider it more rude to keep your shoes on . 
  i assume they do n't want my ( possibly dirty or wet ) shoes walking in their home . 
  my socks are way more clean than the underside of my shoes . 
  if it 's my first time in someones house or flat i just ask though , and people always seem to prefer them off . 
  germany can be our 13th province , flanders our 14th , and the french can deal with the walloons ;p, 
  is this a friesland thing or are you joking ? 
  every house or flat i 've ever been to everyone takes off their shoes in the entrance hallway . 
  if there was a choice between saving a flamingo or an ant , i 'd save the flamingo every time . 
  i 'd save a dog over a flamingo , and a person over a dog . 
  though the person/dog question can get hard if it 's my dog , or if the person is a rapist/murderer or something . 
  but i doubt the flamingo or ant question would be hard for most people . 
  not saying it 's fine to just kill any insect you want for fun , but it 's not out of the ordinary for young children to `` play '' with insects . 
  a bird on the other hand . . 
  lol i was worried it would n't fit inside the voting booth slot so i flattened it as much as possible after folding it badly . 
  glad i was n't the only one that struggled with some paper ;p, 
  britain for british !, 
  muslamic ray guns !, 
  that guy cracked me up . 
  for expats and companies . 
  it should be in the title imo . 
  it should explain why there are tons of cities missing which certainly have a higher quality of life for its citizens than cities like baghdad or tegucigalpa , honduras . 
  voting feels extra important this time because of everything that 's happening with putin , erdogan , trump , and brexit . 
  populism must n't win here too . 
  we are also one of the worst performing countries in renewable energy , that needs improvement asap . 
  maybe this time they 'll [ throw eggs ] ( https://twitter.com/rschuddeboom/status/667832970061836289?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw ) at the russian embassy ? 
  ah yes , angry nationalists , not the brightest of the bunch . 
  i remember when korean tourists were [ attacked ] ( http://www.thenational.ae/world/europe/turks-attack-koreans-by-mistake-during-anti-china-protest ) because they were mistaken for chinese tourists . 
  who attacks tourists anyway ? 
  they also smashed up a chinese restaurant , which happened to have an uyghur chef and a turkish owner , oops . 
  i do n't blame you , it 's does n't sound like a stage name . 
  i wonder why he went with paul van dyk instead of something like avicii or dj hardwell . 
   holland you did that on purpose germoney, 
  sadly homophobes lack the empathy to think like that . 
  could just be that we have different food preferences . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stamppot a mix of vegetables , potatoes , and small pieces of bacon .
