  i expected maybe 10 % when i went to wiki , but 25 % that 's quite a lot . 
  same for latvia . 
  is there tension between ethnic russians and estonians , or are they well-integrated ? 
  you live in arizona or something ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pyt0sdnrbe if i lived in the us i know exactly where i 'd want to live , somewhere in the northeast or northwest , nice and cool . 
  preferably the northwest though because i like rain :p far away from the desert or hot humid areas . 
  to think that 's normal summer temperatures in some countries , it would drive me nuts . 
  give me around 18-20c with a breeze and i 'm happy . 
  not that their invitation made any difference anyway . 
  ` the invasion was planned and organised long before a tiny group of unrepresentative , and not particularly important , english dissidents sent their so-called ` invitation ' to the prince of orange . ', 
  ` the prince of orange held the strategic initiative from the outset . 
  on paper , james had 40,000 men , but they were dispersed all over the country and there was no way he could concentrate an army as large as william 's quickly enough . 
  james finally drew up his forces on salisbury plain to bar william 's path to london , but his army was smaller than the prince 's , as well as inferior in training , experience and equipment , and it was clear that if he fought , he would probably lose . 
  that is why james abandoned the fight for london and retreated , demoralised . ', 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/history-in-the-making-the-glorious-revolution-of-1688-91-was-really-a-dutch-invasion-this-distortion-1565642.html james did eventually raise a large force with the help of france to fight william , [ but he lost . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/williamite_war_in_ireland#first_siege_of_limerick ), 
  canada is n't even that high , it 's 30 % , 1 % more than france . 
  the phrasing of the question is important here , otherwise the biggest factor will simply be the location of the country and its history . 
  it 's disingenuous to say they would n't defend their country because that 's not what the question asks . 
  it just says `` fight '' , and people from different countries with different geographical locations and different histories will understand the question differently . 
  a lot of the lower countries will assume it 's fighting in some middle eastern country , because that 's all they 've done in recent history and they could n't imagine another war with neighboring countries , because they 're allies now and closely connected . 
  on the other hand a lot of the higher ones will assume it 's defending the country from invasion because for them that 's still a very real possibility . 
  for example greece and turkey . 
  ukraine and russia . 
  israel and many of its surrounding neighbors . 
  armenia and azerbaijan . 
  vietnam and china . 
  pakistan and india . 
  bangladesh and india . 
  papua new guinea and indonesia . 
  georgia and russia . 
  morocco and the polisario front . 
  location matters and history is complex , if you want a true answer to that question then you have to be more specific . 
  germans , dutch , brits , canadians , french , etc , will be more likely to understand the question as going to fight in the middle east , because in recent history that 's what their military has been involved in . 
  finns and ukrainians on the other hand are much more vulnerable to russia , and will more likely think of a defensive war against russia . 
  pakistanis will think war with neighboring india , and vice versa . 
  it would 've been better if they asked `` would you defend your country from a foreign aggressor ? '', 
  a defensive war would probably result in a lot more countries in 51-74 and 75 + range . 
  what makes you think i do n't understand your point ? 
  are you reading my responses at all ? 
  your point basically comes down to islam being violent because look at history , i refuted that by looking at non-wahhabist muslims ** today ** , the vast majority of whom live peacefully . 
  we know the vast majority of islamic terrorism comes from wahhabism , and we know that wahhabism spread because it got uk/us money and protection . 
  put two and two together here . 
  you then say if it was n't for wahhabism , a different school of islam would 've taken its place . 
  i refuted that by saying you ca n't possibly predict what would 've happened , and that it 's mere speculation . 
  i 've explained it far too many times now . 
  you still seem cling to a very simplistic black and white view of the whole situation , it 's not that simple . 
   uk & the us can be responsible for giving power to wahhabism which is the root of most islamic terrorism today . 
  yes , that 's my point . 
  they 're at least partly responsible . 
  conservative muslims were always there , the uk and us just gave the most conservative of conservative wealth and power , which was a disastrous mistake for which we 'll be seeing the consequences for a long time to come . 
   however , uk & the us can not be responsible for the islamic terrorism today , because wahhabism is not the root of islamic terror . 
  islam is . 
  they 're partly responsible , even if islam is the root of wahhabism ( it obviously is ) , the us and uk made it possible for wahhabism to rise and spread . 
   if islam was peacful untill wahhabism came along , you 'd have a point , but islam has always been violent and full of acts of terror , so the root of islamic terror is not wahhabism , it is islam . 
  yet the vast majority of muslims are able to live peacefully . 
  and when you look at islamic terrorism * today * , the recurring theme is wahhabism , the school of islam that was able to rise up because of uk/us money and protection . 
   wahhabism is simply the most dominant force today , 200 years ago it was something else and 200 years in the future , it could be something else . 
  unless everyone converts to islam , islam reforms or islam is no more . 
  that 's mere speculation , you ca n't possibly know what the situation in the middle east would be like today if it was n't for the house of saud . 
  we only know the direct results of the uk and the us 's actions in the middle east and that 's not only the spread of wahhabism , but also the rise of isis . 
  do n't get me wrong , islam is not innocent , it 's the root of all this evil . 
  i think today humanity would be better off without religion as a whole , but islam especially . 
  islam needs an enlightenment period like there was in europe , though i do n't have high expectations for that to happen . 
  just do n't act like the west is all innocent . 
  we ( or more accurately the uk and us ) made everything far worse by supporting the worst kinds of people in the middle east , and the iraq war destabilized the region even further , making it possible for isis to gain a foothold . 
  here we go again , back 200 years . 
  what 's so hard to understand about what i 'm saying ? 
  i 'm not saying islam has only recently become violent , or that wahhabism is the only intolerant version of islam , or that it 's the only violent school of islam . 
  i 'm saying it 's the most violent one , and the root of most islamic terrorism * today * . 
  there 's not much to dispute about that . 
  you seem to be arguing against something i 'm not even saying . 
  well of course hostility is not limited to wahhabism , but obviously wahhabism is the most hostile and most of all violent one of all . 
  plenty of muslims are able to live peacefully , you can hardly say the same about wahhabists . 
  isis are wahhabists for example . 
  you can say that the average muslim does n't like the west , or israel , or atheists , etc , but it 'd be silly to say the average muslim is the same as the average wahhabist or isis member . 
  there 's a difference from having negative thoughts , to causing violence . 
   my point is exactly that those things happened long ago . 
  they did indeed . 
   the entire argument that uk & us politics are to blame relies on the premise that islamic culture is n't hostile towards the west but only wahabism is . 
  wahhabism is far more hostile to the west than other schools of islam . 
  they 're the form of islam that 's the most willing to resort to violence , whether it 's against the west or other muslims , shia 's especially . 
  plus what happened in the 20th and 21st century middle east is far more revelant today than what happened 200 years ago in north africa . 
   you can make the world very complicated to rationalize some hidden reasons behind everything , but most of the time , the explanation is very simple . 
  the world is very complicated , i 'm not sure why you 'd think it 's not . 
  like it or not , what the us and uk did in the middle east during the last 100 years had immediate consequences , as well as long-lasting consequences we still have to deal with today . 
  to this day the saudis are still being protected and sold weapons to , and then people get upset when [ this happens ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6cufrr/saudi_arabia_funds_the_spread_of_wahhabism_in/ ) . 
  and that post is just the tip of the iceberg , the saudis have been doing that from the beginning of their rise to power , all over the muslim world . 
  just noticed my first comment is controversial lol , i guess historical facts are controversial now . 
  do n't rightwingers always say `` feels over reals '' ? 
  i 'm sure ignoring history will help the situation , just keep selling arms to the saudis and hope things will change . 
  that 's a very simplistic view of something very complicated . 
  those things happened long ago , and in the crusades atrocities were committed by both sides . 
  crusaders even looted and raped their way through a christian city . 
  plenty of dark shit was done by christians back then too . 
  in modern times , the spread of this extremely conservative form of islam is because of the saudis . 
  the saudis got weapons , money , power , and most importantly protection from the uk and us , and with that they were able to fund wahhabism around the muslim world . 
  the governments of the uk and us back then obviously could n't know their decisions would have these long-lasting disastrous effects , but that does n't mean they do n't have a share in the blame here . 
  and then there 's the iraq war , a complete failure which which things far worse by destabilizing the region , paving the way for the rise of isis . 
  nobody can say what the middle east and the world would look like today if the house of saud never got into power , but we do know that they played a central role in the spreading of wahhabism , and we also know that most terrorism has wahhabist roots .
