  til : if allied leaders were a little bit more crazy , i would probably be a terrorist/freedom fighter ( depends on definition ) today and would probably spend my days planning terrorist attacks and trying to kill as many french citizens as possible . 
  so i 'm glad everything worked out quite well for the french-german relationship instead , 
  true . 
  nobody is bringing them here , they are coming themselves . 
  but the european governments especially the german government just let them come . 
  so basically it does n't matter if you bring them here or simply let them come without any border protection . 
  the result is the same . 
  i agree with some parts you say . 
  but still it 's undeniable that a lot aspects of their culture simply are n't compatible with our society . 
  mainly because a lot of aspects of their culture and their religion are still stuck several hundred years ago . 
  i think the religion also plays a big factor . 
  especially because the quran is seen as the unchangeable word of god and therfore you may not modernize or reform it . 
  if you would go back in time and bring 2 million farmers from medival germany to the future you would probably have the same problems . 
  simply because their culture would be incompatible with our culture as well . 
  i just do n't see any sense in bringing foreigners to your country that will cause more damage than benefits . 
  that is simply stupid . 
  if you need external workforce then you should take those workers that are compatible with our culture . 
  and most muslims simply are n't compatible with our culture . 
  maybe in 50 years or 100 years . 
  but not now . 
  i understand your main points and maybe you understand mine . 
  so i would say : agree to disagree . 
  the question is : why do those immigrants end in the gettos and why do n't hey improve ? 
  there are a lot of other immigrants that start with nothing , but work their way up . 
  i think of vietnamese immigrants in germany for example . 
  i think the reason why those muslims do n't integrate and even the 2nd or 3rd generation ends up in those gettos is their culture . 
  they come from a backward culture and have a religion that is stuck 500 years in the past . 
  that prevents them from integrating and causes them to live in the gettos . 
  i 'm not against migration . 
  i 'm for migration but only as long as that immigration brings more benefits than downsides . 
  and with muslim immigrants the donwsides outweigh the benefits . 
  so i 'm against most muslim immigration . 
  you are right that you ca n't generalize it like that . 
  but if you just have a look at the cities within a country , there might be a link between percentage of muslim population and `` how shitty '' it is . 
  just compare it for cities/city quarters in france and i 'm pretty sure the percentage of muslims is a big factor in how much crime there is . 
  and coming back to my original question to you : however i heard a lot of romanians complain about sinti and roma in romania . 
  how do you view sinti and roma ? 
  would you like it if you had a big immigration of hundreds of thousands sinti and roma to romania every year ? 
  france is not a rich country because of the muslims . 
  the basis of the wealth in france was not set by muslims . 
  the same goes for all the other countries in europe . 
  the muslims came , long after the industrialization and long after the ground for their economic success was set . 
  so france is n't a rich country beause of muslims . 
  if you could say anything , than france is a rich country despite their muslim population . 
  just look at the places with a high muslim and high immigrant population in france . 
  look at the banlieus in paris . 
  look at the high muslim population in marseille . 
  incidentally marseille is the murder capital of france and the banlieus are a place with frequent violent riots . 
  when you have immigration from people from another culture that refuse to integrate and assimilate , you get those troubling parallel societys . 
  and it is interesting , that the people who integrate worst , allways come from certain countries . 
  it is allways people from muslim or arabic contries that integrate the worst . 
  and that is the case almost all over europe . 
  you can be lucky that you do n't have a lot of muslims in romania . 
  however i heard a lot of romanians complain about sinti and roma in romania . 
  how do you view sinti and roma ? 
  would you like it if you had a big immigration of hundreds of thousands sinti and roma to romania every year ? 
  i do n't agree with everything , but what you doing is bullsh * t as well . 
  changing abortion laws does not mean that abortion will be forbidden . 
  anyhow , you have your opinion and i have mine . 
  that does n't mean i fully stand behind everything , but at least this party is closest to me , when it comes to the most important aspects . 
  i voted for merkel last election and i certainly wo n't do that again . 
  i 'm glad i could help you again , 
  i 'm glad i could help then . 
  and because i 'm nice , i will also tell you something more eye-opening : there are even a lot of people that share similar opinions . 
  and no they are not mainly gay-hating-hitler-worshippers but mainly normal people . 
  another secret : you do n't have to discriminate against homosexuals or women to favour a conservative lifestyle . 
  well the main problem with putting labels on political partys/movements is that you generalize and focus less on actual topics . 
  so if you use labels ( because it is surely more convenient ) you should use a neutral and fitting label . 
  at least if you want to seriously talk about politics . 
  another user suggested the terms `` traditionalists '' or `` socially conservative '' . 
  it just depends if you want to lead a serious conversation . 
  you could also call trump a `` reactionary nazi-billionaire '' or sanders a `` left-wing eco-stalinist '' . 
  but that would signal me , that a serious converstaion is n't wanted anyway . 
  must be shocking for you that there are people with other opinions than yours in the world . 
   we demand that the goal in practice of pregnancy conflict consulting [ ... ] is the preserval of the life of the unborn and ** help for the pregnant woman instead of abortion . 
  ** the afd [ demands ] , if abortion rates are not drastically sinking , to change the law to better protect the life of the unborn . 
  the afd is ** against any attempts to trivialize abortions ** , governmental support for them or even declaring them a `` human right '' . 
  that does n't mean abortions should be illegal . 
  so yes , i agree that it is better to help the women instead of abortions . 
  my stance on the topic is that financial problems should never be the reason for an abortion . 
  so i mostly agree with that . 
  do you not want to help pregnant women ? 
  or do you want to trivialize abortions ? 
  edit : you edited the 2nd part in after i already answered , but i 'm gon na reply to that as well . 
   the classroom must not be a room for political indoctrination . 
  i totaly agree . 
  schools are not made for indoctrination of any kind . 
   against the [ ... ] the ideological influence through `` gender mainstreaming '' . 
  i agree , because i think `` gender mainstreaming '' is more a movement that tries to push kids into a certain lifestyle and world view . 
  and i think young kids should be given the opportunity to develope their own identity and should n't be pushed toward one . 
   we 're against the propagation of homo - and transsexualism in class i do n't agree , mostly because i think it is quite unclear what is meant with propagation of homo - and transsexualism . 
  that is a bit unclear and could be misleading . 
  therefore i disagree . 
  i think it is good that kids learn about those topics and that homosexuality is accepted . 
  however it is all about how you teach those things . 
  the afd has elected a gay women in their leadership so the majority is not homophobic . 
  that would sound like the person saying that is probably bad mannered , not able to hold a decent conversation without cuss words and probably not very educated in general . 
  ignore what ? 
  their stance against an uncontrolled refugee influx ? 
  i totally support that .
