  if a european union is not helpful in adressing european problems , then why do we even need it ? 
  and the beurocracy . 
  well it feels like the eu tries to justify itself by having a big waterhead of beaurocrats whose job is to impose `` totally clever '' regulations for all of europe and fails to see that there are totally different preconditions in different european countries . 
  you ca n't run the eu or europe as a central state . 
  an example would be the eu direction on water saving . 
  that is definetly usefull in spain , where you have water shortages in summer . 
  but if i look outside of my window now , we certainly do n't have water shortages in germany . 
  so water saving does n't make sense in germany . 
  if you think about isolation of houses , that would make sense in germany , but would make less sense in southern spain . 
  what 's so bad about your monarchy ? 
  simply the idea of having a king ? 
  or are there actual disadvantages compared to countries that have an elected representative of their country ( like the german president e.g. 
  you should not confuse the european unity with the eu . 
  the eu used to be great to unite europe , but right now the rotten , bureaucratic , undemocratic eu is probably better at dividing europe than at uniting europe . 
  being against this eu does n't mean being against european unity . 
  ... and out of those iron maiden would be best suited to run a country . 
  do you miss the punchline of this joke ? 
  it does n't need one . 
  angela merkel is enough of a joke already . 
  [ graphic : german market share for food retailers in 2015 ] ( http://imgur.com/0clrsuu ) schwarz-gruppe are the owners of lidl and kaufland . 
  note : this includes metro and lekkerland which are mainly b2b . 
  so the market share for b2c would differ a little , but not very much . 
  you ca n't generalize like that . 
  not every german buys his kraut at kaufland . 
  i buy my kraut at edeka . 
  that blitzortung.org site is awesome . 
  never heard of it before , but it 's kinda mesmerizing to see those lightning strikes . 
  if you limit that to american tourists in spain or europe he is probably right . 
  probably because americans that come to europe are mostly culturally interested and therefore most likely more educated . 
  also they are probably quite wealthy , because a trip to europe is quite costly . 
  so the typical party and beach tourists do n't come to europe and rather spend their holiday in north america . 
  i honestly ca n't tell if you are serious or if you 're just sarcastic . 
  well that 's actually something i would like to finance with my tax money . 
  would be my solution as well . 
  you have to see it from a business perspective . 
  nobody wants mass tourism because he likes hordes of foreigners . 
  it is just a business and it is all about money . 
  you accept inconvenience by tourists in exchange for sweet , sweet euros . 
  so you need to deter low spending tourists and attract high spending tourists . 
  at least speaking from a rational business perspective . 
  the problem however is that those expensive tourist prices often spillover to the local prices and ruin the prices for the locals . 
  so the difficulty is to increase prices for tourists and keep prices for locals at a reasonable level . 
  wanted to say that as well . 
  if you want a unified country , you need a language that at least everybody speaks as a 2nd language . 
  what language should that be in a united europe ? 
  - german ? 
  french ? 
  that would n't work in france and vice versa in germany . 
  - english ? 
  i do n't know if france would like that . 
  the best solution would be to introduce the neutral esperanto as the official language of politics , science , entertainment and economics in a unified europe . 
  so nobody can complain . 
  but as a practical result probably everybody would complain and esperanto will probably never happen . 
  because of that english will be even more important than it is now . 
  roman empire of ~ ~ german ~ ~ european nation, 
  establish eu financed refugee camps outside the eu . 
  if you pay those countries enough they will happily provide land for those eu refugee camps . 
  than deport those people to those camps . 
  it will still be cheaper than have those people here in europe . 
   had to commit suddoku if their hands ever touched a electronic device not originating from their country . 
  what 's so bad about doing a [ sudoku ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/ff/sudoku-by-l2g-20050714.svg/2000px-sudoku-by-l2g-20050714.svg.png ) ? 
  unless you talk about [ seppuku ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seppuku ) of course , 
  well that is historically not true . 
  see [ nakam ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nakam ) for example . 
  they wanted to poison the water supplies of munich , berlin , weimar , nuremberg and hamburg with the goal to kill 6 million germans . 
   the poison was claimed to be used on 3000 loaves of bread for former ss guards in an american prisoner of war camp , `` stalag 13 '' , [ 2 ] but he was concealing their bigger plan of poisoning the water supplies of munich , berlin , weimar , nuremberg and hamburg . 
  [ 1 ] the nakam group intended to kill 6 million germans [ 2 ] -- as many as the jews who were murdered in the holocaust . 
  according to harmatz , they would have taken care to exempt american residential areas from the area , so as to murder only germans as far as possible . 
  but to be honest i would n't have had any problem with israel killing the entire nazi high ranking leadership . 
  it was 80.000 km ^ 2 . 
  i just looked up portugal as a comparison and portugal has 92.212 km ^ 2 . 
  so it definetly was a considerable amount of land that was taken away from germany . 
  elsass was surely always disputed between germany and france . 
  but the loss of territory combined with the reparations definetly played a big role in the creation of far-right movements in the weimar republic . 
  the motivation to `` get back what is rightfully ours '' was what boosted the nazis . 
  and in my opinion this attitude was completly rightful at that time . 
  do n't think the ordinary citizens were behind any lebensraum policy or something . 
  it was the feeling that germany got robbed by the hostile allies that fueled hitler a lot . 
  the knowledge of the fuck up from versaille was the reason why france and western germany formed the montanuion in 1951 . 
  for the eastern german territories ... well there was unfortunately no opportunity to revoke the oder-neisse border . 
  and after 1990 the european integration was so far , that the benefits of the european integration were bigger than those of revisionist policy . 
  the real fuck up already was after wwi and the treaty of versailles . 
  for the rest i agree with you . 
  if hitler simply would have went back to 1914 borders and not went on his crazy world domination including the holocaust , he would be probably seen as a wise politician today . 
  oh belive me it would have . 
  i never said they were the same . 
  they had the same ** ideas ** . 
  the difference was , that one had power and the other had no power . 
  as a lesson from that we should be careful about genocidal ideas and ideologies everywhere . 
  even hitler started as a normal guy with a devastating ideology . 
  so democratic societies should always be careful about totalitarian and genocidal ideas . 
  even if the people spreading them do n't have any real political power . 
  and kaufman would n't have executed his plans , given the opportunity ? 
  plus it would have set the ground for a new hostility in western europe . 
  seriously , simply reading this makes my blood boil . 
  germany already lost a 40 % of it 's territory since 1914 . 
  the only reason i do n't go full revisionist on that , is because of the european integration . 
   theodore newman kaufman ( february 22 , 1910 -- april 1 , 1986 ) , sometimes given incorrectly as theodore nathan kaufmann , [ 1 ] was an american jewish businessman and writer ** known for his eliminationist views on germans . 
  ** i guess he and the nazis had one thing in common : eliminations views on each other . 
  good thing neither of them totally succeeded .
