  their proposal on regulated migration ? 
  i totally support that . 
  the idea that immigrants have to accept german laws and values ? 
  i totally support that . 
  their stance against euro bonds ? 
  i totally support that . 
  the idea that our culture needs to preserved ? 
  i totally support that . 
  i have the feeling that you do n't really know anything about the party and just go with all the stupid labelling that takes place . 
  if not , then provide serious arguments . 
  i was n't backing up op . 
  i was criticising the use of combat terms like `` reactionary '' , which was mainly used by communists and ( extreme ) leftists to label `` wrong '' opinions in the last 100 years . 
  i gave you an argument , that labelling the afd as `` reactionary '' or whatever is just a subjective negative judgement and is often intended to not talk about contents . 
  if you label them as `` reactionary '' their ideas are supposed to be bad per se . 
  the afd wants to support the family as the smallest core of the society and support child friendly politics . 
  i think that is only rational , because considering our birth deficit there must be more focus on the family . 
  so why exactly do you find it `` reactionary '' to support mothers and fathers who have children ? 
  or why should it be `` reactionary '' to support the idea of the classic family ? 
  in an aging society that is n't backwards but oriented to the future . 
  beside that a lot of people act as if this would eliminate the choice of women or things like that . 
  why should it eliminate the choice of women , if women can chose themselves what kind of life they want to live . 
  and if that lifestyle involves being a full-time mother , than who are you to judge about that ? 
  a lot of people act like women would be forced to be mothers and stay housewifes . 
  and that is absolute bullsh * t. 
   what do you want to discuss ? 
   they are reactionaries and basta . 
  well considering your statement there is n't any room for discussion , is it ? 
  which is why i called it a combat term . 
  there is no discussion intended . 
   if you do n't want to be labeled as reactionary that is what i was talking about . 
  terms like `` reactionary '' are combat terms , to avoid an argument based discussion . 
  you are against the classic family image ? 
  fine , then argue against it . 
  terms like `` reactionary '' are only usefull if you intend not to discuss a topic . 
  that is when the labelling takes place . 
  100 years ago communism was very `` progressive '' . 
  90 years ago , ciritics of communism and the soviet union were `` reactionary '' . 
  so this kind of labeling only serves as a combat term or for propaganda . 
  i totally agree with your statement . 
  however i see it from a different perspective . 
  if anti-immigration policy is so important for so many voters , then why do the current governments blatantly ignore the opinion of so many voters ? 
  in other words : anti-immigration policy is so important for a lot of voters , that they do n't even care about other political aspects . 
  yet the current government ignores those people . 
  the only thing the current governments would have to do was changing their immigration policy . 
  however they did n't . 
  the last time the old parties ignored such a fundamental opinion of the voters , the green parties were formed in europe . 
  now we have a similar big topic in europe that is widely ignored . 
  as a result parties like afd , fp\u00d6 , pvv , front national and so on are on the rise . 
  not only for this reason , but it play a big role in it . 
  guess what , there are people that agree with some of those points . 
  what you ( or the author ) consider `` reactionary '' ist just another expression for `` things i do n't like '' . 
  reactionary has allways been a combat term of the ( far ) left . 
  being against stalinism made you a `` reactionary '' in the soviet union and the gdr before 1954 . 
  being against forced collectivization also made you a `` reactionary '' . 
  so what you consider `` reactionary '' is a legitimate opinion for others . 
  and in a democracy it must be allowed to express those opinions , as long as they are within the borders of the grundgesetz . 
  and they are within the borders of the grundgesetz . 
  oh , i 'm not salty  creative joke though . 
  i consider the election a success for austria and the fp\u00d6 . 
  if the current politics do n't change , the fp\u00d6 will form the government in 2018 . 
  if the current politics change , then austria wo n't any longer have to suffer under the suicidal refugee policy . 
  either way , it 's a win for austria . 
  and considering i really like austria , i think that is good . 
  but go on and dream about austria-hungary . 
  you probably did n't get the joking behind austro-bavaria . 
  maybe you should rather go to r/polandball and dream about forgotten empires . 
  well that would require that the majority of the hungarians would want a green head of state . 
  i 'm not overly informed about the political stance in hungary , but it seems that the majority hungary is not really `` fond '' pro-refugee politics . 
  considering the last parliamentary election they are also not really into green politics . 
  but have fun , in austria-hungary . 
  i do n't really need a green head of state . 
  maybe next time . 
  to be fair , austria 's politics are probably still way more conservative than germany 's . 
  even with a green head of state . 
  bavarian here : with hofer as the bundespr\u00e4sident of the austro-bavarian republic i would agree . 
  this til is truly british . 
   man i guess im lucky with the uk having nukes i do n't have to be concerned about a nuclear attack tbh . 
  having nukes does n't prevent you from * getting * nuked . 
  as long as you are in the nato or allied with russia it does n't matter if you have nukes or not . 
  in a full blown cold war nuclear scenario gb would have been anihilated the same way as every nato country , probably even more than others * because * of gb 's nuclear arsenal . 
  yes you could perform a retaliation strike . 
  but i do n't think the ordinary russian would care much if he is killed by one of the hundreds of british nuke or one of the thousands of american nukes . 
  well at least the british would die with the good feeling of retaliation . 
  but that would be the only difference between nuclear armed european countries and nuclear non-armed european countries . 
  and on the other hand , there has to happen really , really , really much sh * t before we will see an armed conflict between eu and nato members . 
  so practially the effect of a nuclear arsenal in your country is very small , as long as you have an trustworthy ally who has nuclear weapons . 
  it is good to have a nuclear power in the eu , but it looks like that france is already doing that job . 
  so everything is fine from my perspective , 
  eu logic : berating people will certainly cause them to like the eu even more . 
   elite and popular opinion in austria after 1918 largely favoured some sort of union with germany , but it was explicitly forbidden by the peace treaties . 
  well your ancestors thought of themselves as german people . 
  just look up the kaiserhymne from 1826 , where they sing about :  er zerbrach der knechtschaft bande , hob zur freiheit uns empor . 
  what you refer to is the citizenship , which is of course austrian . 
  however that does n't necessarily determine which `` volk '' or which `` volksstamm '' you belong to . 
  western and eastern germany also had different citizenships and states they lived in . 
  nevertheless they were both part of the german nation . 
  so do n't make the mistake to confuse the state federal republic of germany with the german nation . 
  there have been the russian-germans or the siebenb\u00fcrger sachsen in romania that had the citizenships of russia and romania . 
  nevertheless they were allways part of the german nation . 
  that is why so many of them immigrated to germany .
