  also the philosophy of a country . 
  in medival times science and higher education took place in monasteries . 
  so if every intellectual has a highly religious background , it has a big impact on the intellectual thinking and philosophy . 
  this played a big role in european culture and the development of western values . 
  even if those roots are unconscious , they still influence our thinking . 
  i mean ideas like universal human dignity go straight backt to the idea that human beings are created in god 's image . 
  even if we have a secular justification for that today . 
  yes it is because turkey is a muslim country . 
  however it is not primarily the religion but more the culture and values that come with the religion . 
  and this culture is simply not compatible with european culture . 
  trying to `` mix '' those cultures via mass migration has gone wrong since the 60s and led to many problems . 
  a eu accession would lead to even more problems . 
  `` isolation is what would ruin us - it would lead us into incest '' - wolfgang sch\u00e4uble no immigration = incest at least according to wolfgang sch\u00e4uble . 
  and i even voted for his and merkel 's party last election ... that mistake wo n't happen again . 
  funny what you interprete in my sentence . 
  merkel literally called refugees `` neub\u00fcrger '' ( new citizens ) . 
  if you have n't noticed , the so called `` refugees '' that arrive in italy and want to go to germany look like in that advertisement . 
  so it 's no `` conspiracy '' whatsoever to say that this is what our `` new citizens '' will look like . 
  that 's also nothing right-wing to say . 
  that 's just describing the reality . 
  do you mean that she looks quite african ? 
  same with the german guy . 
  not a correct representation of german men . 
  well , not yet . 
  the `` new '' german . 
  at least what merkel and leftists want him to look like . 
  on a first glance there are just a couple countries with big increases : uk , france , sweden , belgium and ireland . 
  except for ireland i think that a lot of that population increase is driven by immigration and a high fertility rate of immigrants . 
  it would be interesting to see how many people with migration background live in those countries today and how many are estimated in 2050 . 
  and this is exactly the reason why 85 % of workers in austria voted for the fp\u00d6 candidate , or why a lot of spd voters shifted to the afd . 
  yet there are still spd officials that wonder why . 
  probably no hijab . 
  and they ca n't do whatever they want with a `` union '' that is unable to act ? 
  the eu does n't even manage to protect it 's outside borders . 
  so individual countries have to protect their own borders again . 
  the thing that stops russia and china is the nato . 
  nothing else . 
  even in the kosovo war the eu was not able to act on their own . 
  ( i 'm not judging about the reasons ) the eu is only competent as trade union and for standardization purposes . 
  if it comes to serious problems , the eu is totally unable to act . 
  sad but true . 
  i like the idea of a unified europe . 
  but if i was a brit i would vote to leave this union . 
  after that plane scene i thought this is a viral marketing video for easyjet . 
  this has more to do with preferences than with being able to afford it . 
  europe prefers to spend money to get a higher standard of living for their citizens ( or for refugees , that depends ) . 
  russia prefers to spend their money for their military . 
  even if it means to cut back the standard of living . 
  russians are tough people and still have a willingness to make sacrifices . 
  there is a proposal that clean russian athletes could compete under the olympic flag . 
  i do n't hate other people based on religion or skincolor . 
  why should i ? 
  what i do n't like however is when there is so much immigration and \u00dcberfremdung that cities in a country lose their cultural roots . 
  so i do n't have a problem with any individual muslim . 
  i do n't have a problem with a low percentage of foreigners , be it muslims , blacks or other immigrants . 
  but i have a problem with foreigners making up to 1/3 of a cities population . 
  it 's called `` caring about your own roots and valueing your heritage '' , you should try it sometime . 
  if you do n't like other opinions , than i 'm pretty sure that somewhere on reddit there is a nice safe space just for you . 
  i like it here , so i 'm gon na stay on r/europe , 
   and yes , closing borders to protect your cushy first world live , while people are living in war regions and fleeing from there , makes you a inhuman dumbfuck in my opinion . 
  i disagree here . 
  if you would say * not helping * makes you a inhuman dumbfuck , i would agree . 
  to help those in need you do n't have to transport them to europe . 
  for the cost of sheltering one refugee in germany , you could shelter up to 10 refugees in north africa and arabia . 
  so tell me what do you prefer ? 
  helping one person in need ( mostly young males that can afford a human trafficker ) or 10 persons in need ( regardless of young , old , male , female , rich , poor ) ? 
  i agree with you . 
  foreign culture could be an actual enrichment ( without sarcasm ) if you : - do n't take in too many immigrants - only let those stay that integrate properly - let only immigrate educate people that find a good job and benefit society - keep uneducated , people from backward regions out - keep illegal immigrants out however todays mass migration to europe is the exact opposite of that . 
  so i understand why more and more people get very strong anti-immigration opinions . 
  the problem is that there are no other parties that are in favour of strict border controls and a border closing for people without visa , entry-permits , or eu-passports . 
  so if you want a strict policy against illegal immigration and against unlimited refugee intake , you do n't have any other alternative . 
  if other parties had n't kept to their ideological skewed pro-refugee policies , then the afd would n't be as strong as they are today . 
  but only one year ago everyone who had any criticism against the uncontrolled refugee intake and mass migration was labled a `` racist '' or `` fascist '' . 
  since when is islam a race ? 
  and why do you dislike it when there are more than 10 % christians in a european city ? 
  i do n't have anything against muslims and i 'm not generally opposed to immigration . 
  however i do think that it is very bad for a society to have an unhealthy amount of foreigners , with foreign customs , foreign culture , foreign values and so on . 
  and i conclude that most of those people are immigrants or children of people that immigrated less than 50 years ago . 
  how do you think there can be integration when almost 1/3 of the inhabitants of a city are immigrants ? 
  i have heard that france also has big problems with certain cities and places with a high percentage of immigrants . 
  is n't marseille the crime capital of france ? 
  or the banlieus around paris ? 
  if a christian migrates to a muslim country and then feels unhappy that the natives are muslim , then yes he should move to a non-muslim country . 
  i 'm neither talking about native christians in those countries nor that there should be no minority rights . 
  but if someone moves to country where the natives are muslim/christian/black / baseball-fans/using imperial units/have weird games shows/etc . 
  he has to accept their customs or simply can leave . 
  if you are a muslim you can move to mekka . 
  there are literally no christians or people of other religions there . 
  so if the amount of christians in a country with century old christian roots bothers you , you are always free to leave . 
   inhuman dumbfucks being against uncontrolled mass migration makes you an `` inhuman bumbfuck '' ? 
   why lower class people vote for them is beyond me . 
  well , considering your first sentence you seem to be trolling . 
  but i will still explain this to you : it is usually the lower class people that will feel the consequences of mass migration first . 
  it is competition for affordable housing . 
  competition for low-skilled or unqualified jobs . 
  even the potential reservoir of low-skilled workers helps employers to put pressure on low-skilled workers wages . 
  furthermore there is the competition for social benefits . 
  the state has only a certain budget . 
  if there are welfare payments to `` refugees '' or immigrants , then the state has to save that money elswhere . 
  most likely he will save it on the german lower-classes social benefits .
