  no irony in any form here . 
  maybe you should get a better irony gauge for next time . 
  i assume those muslims are n't ethnic danes but immigrants aka foreigners . 
  personally i do n't like when foreigners or guests come to my place and tell me how to run my home . 
  similar in politics i find it overly presumptuous if foreigners try to impose their cultural and religious believes on my country . 
  however i 'm not a dane so this is just my opinion on that topic and it 's not up to me to decide how things should be done in denmark . 
  in germany however i would tell immigrants that critizise our german culture , values and believes or try to introduce their own culture , values and believes , to go home . 
  after all they are immigrants and therefore foreigners . 
  if they do n't like it , they are free to leave . 
  if they do n't accept our values or agressively try to introduce their values , then they should be forced to leave . 
  did you mean this serious or did you forget the / s. 
  i honestly ca n't tell . 
  mia hansen is probably ethnic danish , but i think she might be the exception . 
  denmark had a muslim population close to 0 in the 1950s . 
  unless danes were converting like crazy , you can assume that the 600.000 muslims in denmark are mostly immigrants . 
  so i 'm pretty sure the overwhelming majority of muslims in denmark are n't ethnic danes . 
  there are a lot of countries in this world where islam has a high importance in the daily life . 
  denmark is not one of them . 
  but every muslim in denmark is free to leave denmark and move to one of those countries . 
  politicians would never make false claims to support their ideologically skewed politics ! ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  sources in german , translation by me : [ a majority of the germans are in favor of border controls . 
  33 % of those polled are in favor of border closings , if other eu countries do that as well . 
  24 % even would want germany to single-handedly close the borders . 
  only 35 % of those polled prefer open borders for refugees . ], 
  ( http://www.presseportal.de/pm/13399/3231706 ) so you are safe to say that a lot of germans are thankful for v4 and austria closing the borders . 
  yurop can into building walls . 
  make yurop stronk again !, 
  afd wont get into power anyway . 
  but voting them will be a serious signal to cdu/csu . 
  i used to vote for cdu/csu but i definetly will vote afd now . 
  it 's not to get the afd into power but to send a serious message to the cdu/csu and spd . 
  see it this way : merkels politcs are so bad that a lot of people overlook the bad parts of the afd just to express their vote for a change in the refugee and immigration policy . 
  and i will do that as well . 
  do n't listen to the things german media and politics say about v4 being racists . 
  actually a lot of germans are thankful that v4 and austria closed the balkan route . 
  thx for that . 
  and apologies for our media and politicians, 
   their main target of those tv stations is our new-found vlad tepes , a woman called kovesi . 
  just out of curiosity : is the comparison to vlad tepes used in a negative or a positive way ? 
  oh , i do like boateng . 
  he seems to be an orderly , lawful and respectable man . 
  plus he 's a good football player . 
  so why should n't i like him ? 
  the only thing is that i think he is not a german in the classical way . 
  as long as he is a rare exception i 'm totally fine having him in the german team . 
  if there are too many however , the situation would be different . 
  found the van der bellen voter . 
  do n't confuse the 1st german empire with the german nation . 
  the german nation is a little bit older than that . 
  you should know a little bit of european history as a frenchman . 
  really , it 's older than 1000 years ? 
  i did n't know that france is partly african since 1000 years . 
  well maybe i do n't really understand the french . 
  if you think like that i whish you much fun with your `` new french citizens '' . 
  i heard marseille with it 's large north african muslim population is a really `` nice '' place to live . 
  same goes for the banlieus around paris . 
   it does n't have a democracy problem or a efficiency problem . 
  a lot of people would disagree strongly here . 
  ah the famous british empiricism . 
  how could i forget that . 
  now it all makes sense . 
  the thirteen colonies disagree . 
  i guess that was sarcasm by op, 
  [ do n't stop believing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dggr1-ja5io ) just an estonian girl livin in a nordic world she took the midnight flight to helsinki just a finnish boy born and raised in south porvoo he took the midnight flight to helsinki - a swede in a smokey room a smell of br\u00e4nnvin and cheap perfume for a smile they can share the night it goes on and on , and on , and on - nordics waiting up and down in northern europe their shadows searching in the night nordic people living just to find emotion hiding somewhere in the night - do n't stop believin ' hold on to that feelin ' nordic people do n't stop believin ' hold on nordic people do n't stop believin ' hold on to that feelin ' nordic people, 
  if the level of authority the eu has does n't change , then there is imho no change in the level of federalization we have . 
  the eu as an entitiy does not gain more powers and the members do n't lose any competencies . 
  so from that perspective , the amount of power the eu has does n't change . 
  however this power is then exercised by a directly elected body . 
  that 's what i wanted to say . 
  cheers on that mate . 
  i always liked ireland and it seems we even dislike the same things . 
  well if you want money , you could exchange it against pommern and schlesien . 
  i would happily give you poles a lot of money in order to get pommern and schlesien back . 
   so you support further federalization ? 
  because that 's the only solution . 
  i would prefer that the eu becomes more democratic before we get more feralization . 
  and i think that would be possible . 
  nature and espacially water cares for geographic borders . 
  water saved in germany will not magically cross the pyrenees and end in spain . 
  the water in germany will flow down the rhine or elbe and end in the north sea . 
  that wont affect the available water sources in spain in any way . 
   that 's such a narrow-minded and short-term viewpoint . 
  water , especially potable water , is running out globally . 
  that 's exactly the kind of problem that requires a solution that is n't viewed through purely national lenses . 
  water is not running out globally . 
  water is getting scarce in some regions , while there is a huge abundance of water in other regions . 
  however it is not possible to bring rain from ireland to spain . 
  ( tankers for water would not be really efficient ) . 
  so it does n't matter how much water ireland , germany or other rainy countries consume or not , because it does n't affect the amount of rain in spain in any way . 
  undemocratic , because the important decisions are made by the heads of government of a few eu countries . 
  the european parliament is a joke . 
  that is more the illusion of democratic participation by the voters , than any real democratic participation . 
  yes the heads of government of the eu countries are elected in a democratic way . 
  however politics tend to disconnect from the voters even on a national level . 
  go one level above it , namely to the european council and the politics disconnect even more from the voters . 
  rotten , because the eu is n't able to solve urgent european problems . 
  we had/have an urgent european problem , but the eu was in no way able to tackle this problem . 
  the solution to the uncontrolled immigration via the balcan was found by countries in a bilateral fashion . 
  so this solution was found more against the eu than with it . 
  so why do we need to have an institution for european cooperation , if that institution fails hard when it 's needed .
