  furthermore immigrants tend to live in cheaper housing areas and not in expensive housing areas . 
  so the lower-class will experience the increasing amount of foreigners and the problems with them more , than someone from the upperclass . 
  tl-dr the lower-class is affected stronger by mass-migration then the upper class ( the upper class only has to pay ) . 
  so it 's in the best interest of people in the lower-class to vote against mass migration , because mass migration will bring them far more disadvantages then benefits . 
  i assume you live in a good are of town and are not affected by the downside of having large ethnic `` minorities '' in your neighbourhood ? 
  if a [ hat ] ( http://imgur.com/ejynue0 ) gets too big it starts too look silly . 
  [ currenz size ] ( http://imgur.com/juu6fuf ) is perfect . 
  [ look what our hat has ] ( http://img3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130917194445/lego/images/1/1b/olympic_games_denmark.jpg ), 
  hey , we like our hat !, 
  it 's the best hat anyone could ask for . 
  and still some politicians wonder , why all of europe is shifting toward right parties . 
  just to give you an example : more than half of the germans wanted to close the borders . 
  yet all factions in the bundestag were against it . 
  and still some people wonder why the only party that is in favor of border closings ( afd ) gets massive gains . 
  - birmingham 26.9 % - blackburn 28.4 % - bradford 32.4 % - luton 24.6 % wow those are drastic numbers . 
  i feel sorry for you uk :(, 
  also when they do n't assimilate or integrate and instead form parallel societies . 
  nobody notices groups that integrate and blend in . 
  you always notice the ones that blend out . 
  may it be in behaviour , crime , welfare statistics and so on . 
  i think it 's interesting that every country overestimates the amount of muslims . 
  this could be an indicator that muslim assimilation or even integration failed hard . 
  one does n't notice the groups that blend in , only the groups that stand out . 
  with all the muslim integration problems and parallel societies it does n't surprise me , that people overestimate the percentage of muslims . 
  maybe that is a sign , that people think there are already too many muslims in their respective country . 
  future muslim migration might foster those opinions . 
  as a result europe is shifting towards the political right . 
  it basically means `` those who are teasing each other , love each other . '', 
  our teasing was ww1 and ww2 , so there must be a lot of love , 
  [ nothing can go wrong ] ( http://countryballs.net/_nw/6/22880947.png ), 
  only 62 years ago you were the frontrunner of the world cup and were so good that we called the german victory in the final a miracle . 
  i always thought that sch\u00e4uble is a very rational thinker . 
  not everybody likes his savings oriented policy . 
  but at least he always argumented in a rational and logical way . 
  you can have an opposing opinion but still everything he said was well-grounded and had a rational explanation . 
  with this interview i lost a big amount of respect for him . 
  the things he said are so irrational and blatantly wrong . 
  even sch\u00e4uble starts to say things that are scientifically wrong in order to support an ideological narrative . 
  and that disgusts me . 
  i lost a lot of my respect for that guy . 
  what sch\u00e4uble says is probably the confirmation of every single stereotype of them . 
   `` muslims are an enrichment of our openness and our diversity . ''  `` isolation is what would ruin us -- it would lead us into incest . '' basically the alt-right is saying that the elite wants to spoil the genepool and breed a mixed race . 
  sch\u00e4uble is exactly saying that . 
  i think europe in total would be fine without non-european immigration . 
  we are talking about a continent with over 700m people . 
  there should be enough genetic variety in europe to make even ireland happy  it is just very idiotic to take that as an argument for more non-european immigration . 
   the problem with this argument is that you would not have posted if you were not endorsing the status quo . 
  are we talking about `` what if '' scenarios here ? 
  i think this should be about things that were actually said and not some possible `` what if '' scenarios . 
   you are expressing an opinion on the affairs of another country . 
  sure i do . 
  that 's what reddit is for , is n't it ? 
  i have a set of general beliefs and values and those form my opinion . 
  so it 's natural to have an opinion on affairs of other countries . 
  the point is that i 'm not demanding that danes should or should not do something , or try to convince them of something . 
  i have my opinion and i express it on reddit . 
  that has nothing to do with `` telling other people what to do '' . 
  if you ca n't understand this simple concept than it does n't make any sense talking to you . 
  just to keep it simple : express an opinion = / = telling other people what to do  telling someone or implying they should leave i did neither tell anyobdy to leave nor did i imply that . 
  if you do n't like a place , you are free to not go there anymore . 
  if you do n't want to leave then you simply have to accept that a certain country/city/school ca n't bow to your individual beliefs . 
   so is it that people should not tell others how to run their country , or that people should not demand how a country is run . 
  there seems to be some confusion between the two perspectives . 
  i can agree with both statements to some degree . 
  telling others how to run their country is probably as rude and presumptuous as an individual that tells society to bow to his individual beliefs . 
  yes icelandic girls are definetly beautiful . 
  so we can be glad that europe is bigger than just iceland , 
  fun fact on this topic : wolfgang sch\u00e4uble said in a recent interview that europe needs immigration otherwise europe would `` degenerate in incest '' . 
  no , i 'm not kidding you . 
  [ closing eu borders will lead to incest , german finance minister warns ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/closing-eu-borders-immigration-will-lead-to-incest-german-finance-minister-warns-a7077696.html ), 
  ok , i will explain it just for you :  there are a lot of countries in this world where islam has a high importance in the daily life . 
  this is a neutral statement as there are obviously countries in which islam has a high importance in daily life . 
   denmark is not one of them . 
  this is a neutral statement as denmark is not a country where in which islam has a high importance in daily life . 
   but every muslim in denmark is free to leave denmark and move to one of those countries . 
  this is a statement . 
  every muslim in denmark can move to another country if the potential host will accept him as an immigrant . 
  unlike in countries like the ussr or the gdr everybody in denmark is free to leave . 
  so if anyone prefers to live in a society where islam has a high importance in daily life he is free to move to such a society . 
  these are all statements and far from telling danes how to run their country . 
  at most i express in a very very decent undertone that minorities ca n't tell the pubic what to do . 
  you ca n't tell the public to act how you like it or to that the public should build you praying rooms and such . 
  in a democracy it is not up to a minority to demand that the society should change in a certain cultural or religious way . 
  you can only act for yourself and you can not tell the society to change how you like it . 
  if those people do n't like how the danish public works they are free to leave . 
  and there we are again at my original statement . 
  so even if there is an undertone in my statement it is the exact opposite of telling others what to do . 
  it is that individual persons ca n't tell others what to do . 
  so basically the opposite what you try to blame me . 
  and even that is n't directed as an demand how danes should or should not act , but simply my own opinion again . 
   were telling people how to run their country . 
  where did i do that ? 
  my comment only has 8 lines . 
  so it should not be hard to tell me exactly where i was telling other people how to run their country . 
  you really do n't get it i guess . 
  i 'm just commenting my opinion . 
  that 's the way reddit works , does n't it ? 
  im not making any proposals or demands what danes should do or should not do . 
  i 'm not even trying to convince anyone to take my opinion . 
  so i do n't tell anybody how to run his place .
