  basically st. petersburg is the only access to the baltic sea for russia ( k\u00f6nigsberg does n't count because it 's landlocked ) . 
  so estonia and finland could easily block the russian access to the baltic sea . 
  seems like we agree on how borders could be protected . 
  i just did n't know what exactly you meant by high quality agreements . 
  no doubt about that . 
  you need the political will and the means ( a lot of money ) to protect a sea border like in greece or italy . 
  right now those countries lack both . 
  so i can totally understand austrias reaction . 
  schengen is based on the premise that the outside borders will be protected . 
  if thats not wanted then austria has every right to protect it 's own borders . 
  just like in my example . 
  if the main entrance ca n't be locked for some reason , then you have to lock your apartment door . 
  and a little bit ot : i think it would be possible to effectively protect the outside borders . 
  you ca n't prevent illegal migrants from coming in . 
  but you can make it harder for them . 
  and even more important , if you deport every illegal migrant as soon as they reach european soil , the incentive to come to europe goes down . 
  smugglers take a lot of money to bring an illegal migrant to europe . 
  if every migrant knows he will get deportet anyway , then only few will pay thousands of euros to those smugglers and take the risk . 
  maybe the eu should rather weigh , if not protecting the outside borders of the eu is a massive breach of the schengen rules . 
  see it like this : if you have an apartment building you either have to lock the main entrance or you have to lock the door for each apartment . 
  if you leave both doors open , you will attract thieves . 
  so if you want to abolish the eu interior borders , then you have to protect the eu exterior borders . 
  if you do n't want to protect the exterior borders , than each country has to protect their own borders . 
  i know , thats why i wrote a disclaimer at the end . 
  but do n't tell that to americans . 
  they will lose their favourite german stereotype . 
  or simple fund refugee camps in safe countries in africa . 
  that way you can provide basic necessities and wo n't have to deal with all the negative consequences . 
  plus , because of different price levels it is also a lot cheaper to shelter them in africa ( eg . 
  another plus would be , that the money from europe will benefit the local economy that creates job to fullfill the demand by the refugees . 
   would calais migrants really be better off in the uk ? 
  thats the wrong question . 
  the appropriate question is : would the uk be better of with the calais migrants ? 
  the uk can decide who they let into their country and who not . 
  so if the uk decides to let the calais migrants in because the uk thinks they are beneficial for their society , then it 's fine . 
  if the uk decides to not let those migrants in , it 's fine as well . 
  but in no way can the migrants decide where they are `` better off '' . 
  immigration is not a right , but a privilege which is given or denied by the host country . 
  for the more educated : [ symphony no . 
  9 by beethoven ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jf_wa9eojtk ) more stereotypical : [ zillertaler hochzeitsmarsch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxpgqh_sroe ) just in case : second one was a joke , 
  even a land border is easy to protect , as we can see in macedonia . 
  it 's only the political will to protect the borders that is lacking . 
  maybe i should have included this smiley  and for the precise part : i almost wanted to include the tacam r-2 which was developed by axis romania . 
  but then i saw that it had it 's main operations after august 44 . 
  so my precise german double-fact-checking saved me from that historical fauxpax . 
  that would be especially embarrassing when talking to a history professor with a phd in romanian pre-ww2 history . 
  more like - starts r-2 - seems like you should study your country 's history a bit better . 
  especially the romanian history before communism . 
  probably they should n't have let them come to sweden in such numbers . 
  i think every country has a certain capacity of how much immigrants it can integrate and assimilate in their society . 
  imho that depends on several factors like jobs , available housing , how big/small cultural differences are , how big/small religious differences are , how willing the migrants are to integrate , etc. 
  i think sweden ( and many other western european countries ) have crossed that capicity . 
  they let more immigrants into their countries than they can integrate . 
  no wonder there is a situation like that . 
  if you let thousands of foreigners with a completly different culture immigrate and do n't have the capacity to integrate them , you will inevitable import a lot of trouble to your country . 
  i saw the youtube video with [ german subtitles ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfx5bnnqkty ) ( sorry for bild link ) and i think it 's hilarious . 
  the zdf guy is calmly talking with the translator and the comments of the tv host are so ridiculous . 
  `` he is shaking from anger '' lol what is the opinion in turkey on this video ? 
    real wages in germany have been declining in the last 20 years . 
   just wrong . 
  check your sources . 
  from 1995 to 2007 real wages ( blue line ) were steadily declining . 
  after 2007 there was a recovery but until 2012 the real wages did n't reach the level of 1995 . 
  real wages in 2012 were 1,6 % lower than in 1995 . 
  so at least some parts of the initial statement are correct . 
  it is also true , that real wages are rising again in the last years . 
  in 2015 the real wages were higher than 1995 for the first time . 
  ( 2nd link page 5 ) so it took 20 years of wage modesty and painfull reforms to get a small gain in real wages . 
  https://www.destatis.de/de/publikationen/thematisch/verdienstearbeitskosten/reallohnnetto/reallohnindexpdf_5623209.pdf?__blob=publicationfile instead of simply saying `` wrong '' you could have simply share share your sources . 
  that would be more beneficial for the discussion . 
  a claim without a proper source is n't worth much . 
  first i think his initial plan was to distract the turkish public from their own problems and appeal on their patriotism . 
  if you have someone foreign you can be mad at ( b\u00f6hmermann or the german media ) you get distracted from your own political problems . 
  second , the b\u00f6hmermann trial serves as a justification for erdogans ca . 
  2000 turkish insult trials . 
  it 's like erdogan saying : `` look even in western european germany you get convicted if you insult me . 
  so it 's perfectly fine if i sue my critics for insulting me . 
  germany is also punishing that . '', 
  what erdogan maybe did n't think of , was the extent of the public outcry in germany . 
  especially because the dirty refugee deal with erdogan . 
  so this puts pressure on merkel and her erdogan-refugee-deal . 
  but maybe my theory is completly wrong and erdogan was just angry and did n't think anything at all , 
  i 'm from ( western ) germany , so that explanation does n't apply to me . 
  i would simply say : mcdonalds is convenient . 
  it usually is open late at night . 
  so it 's the perfect location to eat something after a night of partying . 
  or if you are in a foreign city and just want to grab something to eat you go to mcd . 
  because you exactly know what kind of food you get ( not judging quality , just saying it 's standardized ) . 
  other than that i hardly eat at mcdonalds . 
  imho it 's not just about free trade but more about the laws under which international trading is done . 
  if you control the laws of trading you get a lot of influence . 
  one big critique on ttip are the arbitral courts . 
  if the laws and their interpretation are outsourced from national courts to some dubious arbitral courts then it seems a little bit suspicous . 
  and if the trade agreement is mainly designed by one party , then you can be sure that the agreement wo n't be balanced . 
  taking that into account , then i get the impression that it 's not about free trade . 
  i think it 's more about the usa trying to take control of international trade law ( more than they have now ) . 
  whoever controls the law under which trading and international business is done , has a huge influence on that trading and business . 
  free trade seems more like a buzzword and smoke granade for me . 
  you already told us the reason for it . 
   because the general consensus in economics is that free trade is a good thing .
