  simply because there was no conservative party next to the cdu . 
  now there is . 
  so the cdu can either chose between losing a massive amount of votes or change their politics . 
  im fine with both . 
  if they do n't change the afd will get stronger and we are moving towards an szenario like in austria , where the fp\u00d6 gains massive votes and the established parties are losing hard . 
  or the cdu simply changes their politics , which would be great for germany . 
  so either way i 'm confident that germany will not get totally wrecked . 
  haha the beaver story is hilarious . 
  sounds like it 's straight from a comedy movie . 
  even the details are funny xd, 
   but practically there is n't . 
  ( for now , perhaps ) that does n't matter , if you want to decide if it 's a dictatorship or not . 
  there is a difference between something being unrealistic or forbidden . 
   sounds very much like your average single party dictatorship of recent history to me . 
  see above . 
   so practically they 're only motivated by maintaining their position of power , does not sound very hopeful either . 
  is n't that basically politics everywhere ? 
  edit : i think we in europe are a bit spoiled when it comes to dictatorships . 
  our society 's are so free with almost no restrictions in terms of freedom of speech or political participation . 
  so it 's easy to shout `` dictatorship '' . 
  if you want to see what a dictatorship looks like , then have a look at some countries outside the eu . 
  belorussia , some of the former asian soviet republics or several countries in africa . 
  there you have your dictatorship . 
  what merkel does is not even slightly authoritarian . 
  so that 's pretty much bullsh * t . a politician clinching to power and doing unpopular things is far from being a dictator . 
   that 's what we usually see in democratic dictatorships , because the one that holds power tend to eliminate those who can oppose his/her power . 
  it is not a dictatorship , because theoretically there is the democratic possibility to elect someone else and merkel will bow to that . 
  the problem is that germany is a party-democracy . 
  so you ca n't get chancellor unless you are in the chariman of the cdu ( and some years ago also the spd ) . 
  because there is no other party that is able to get the majority of votes and form a coalition , you have to get elected in the cdu ( or the spd some years ago ) in order to become chancellor . 
  so basically merkel destroyed the opposition in her own party . 
  and that is what keeps her in her power . 
  however when the first cdu politicians realize , that they might lose their seat in the bundestag , they might start to revolt . 
  otherwise the afd will get stronger and the situation might turn out to be like in austria , where the big old parties are not the strongest parties any more . 
  wherever countries want some sweet sweet eu money in exchange for setting up refugee camps . 
  the only way to stop this whole migrant crisis is to adapt australian refugee politics . 
  australia does not give refugee to anyone coming to australia . 
  instead their boats are escorted back to the countries they came from . 
  if thats not possible , those people are detained on an island next to australia . 
  additionally to that the australian government makes campaigns in the refugee countries , that the refugees are [ not welcome in australia ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/rt12wh4a92w/maxresdefault.jpg ) . 
  with this policy australia managed to decrease the number of drowned refugees to almost 0 . 
  so europe should do the same . 
  make a campaign of anti-advertisment of immigration to europe . 
  detain all refugees . 
  finance eu-refugee camps outside the eu and send all refugees back to those camps . 
  erase any incentive for those people to come and provide basic refugee-camps outside europe for the real refugees . 
  and do n't forget beer and pork . 
  denmark would be my top destination if i would want to live in another european country . 
  leftist in which regard ? 
  leftist in economic questions ? 
  like a socialdemocratic policy of a strong state with redistribution ? 
  or leftist in terms of questions regarding the society ? 
  like for non-classic families , pro-immigration , pro-refugee intake , pro-multi-culturalism , against law and order ? 
  imho that are two very different types of leftist . 
  ( the left right-spectrum is very inprecise in general ), 
  if you have to stop and think which countries belong to scandinavia you maybe can also rethink your definition of the nordics . 
   but he colossally fucked up by trying to take on the soviets and other allies at the same time ? 
  i think he ( and a lot of others at the time ) massively underestimated the strength of the soviet union . 
  additionally he massively underestimated the strength of the usa and their industrial capacities . 
  next to that he had this view of the `` final battle '' . 
  that is not unique to hitler . 
  a lot of extremists and cults have this `` final battle '' idea . 
  afaik it is also one of the ideas of the is to provoke a `` final battle '' that will introduce the apocalypse . 
  or think of cults that all the time declare the world will end . 
  so it was probably a part of both for hitler . 
  massive overconfidence and ideolocial blindness . 
  not a good combination . 
  the problem is that a guy like hitler needed the circumstances to gain power . 
  it was basically the national humiliation through the treaty of versaille , the world economic crisis and the flawd democratic system in germany that brought him to power . 
  what you said is true . 
  however those neo-nazis and racists probably like his ideas and not how they backfired . 
   hitler wanted a big , monoracial germany , and it is due to him that germany is the opposite of that today . 
  you 'd think the alt-right should hate him . 
  if he 'd gone to art school instead , germany would probably be closer to the alt-right ideal than it is now . 
  part of hitlers ideology was that all-or-nothing-aspect . 
  he was living in the idea that the different races struggeled for world domination . 
  a good example for that ideology is his [ nero decree ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nero_decree ) in 1945 , which meant to destroy all infrastructure in germany . 
  the following [ quote by hitler ] ( https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/adolf_hitler#1945 ) made that quite clear :  if the war is lost , the nation will also perish . 
  this fate is inevitable . 
  there is no necessity to take into consideration the basis which the people will need to continue even a most primitive existence . 
  on the contrary , it will be better to destroy these things ourselves , because this nation will have proved to be the weaker one and the future will belong solely to the stronger eastern nation . 
  besides , those who will remain after the battle are only the inferior ones , for the good ones have all been killed . 
  so in hitlers wordview it was either germany wins everything , or germany loses everything . 
  so he did n't care about the german people once he realized they were the `` weaker '' people that lost the war . 
  that view might be appealing for white spremacists , but it also is a counter to any people that say `` hitler also did good things '' . 
  well yeah he maybe even did some good things ( it is quite unlikely that everything he did from 1933-1939 was 100 % bad ) but in the end everything was just a part to his final clash of the nations . 
  after he realized germany lost , he did n't give a shit about germany 's future . 
  thats not patriotic in any way . 
  think of a family father that sells everything the family owns and puts it on one big gamble in a casino . 
  either the family will be millionaires , or the family father goes home , kills his wife and kids and committs suicide . 
  would be my guess as well . 
  that sounds like a more or less joking insult . 
  i ca n't imagine that any german and especially bavarians does n't know czechia . 
  come on , the guy had a [ talking car ] ( https://cdn-360-content.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/2014/06/knight-rider.jpg ) . 
  how can you not like that . 
  joke aside , this rumor probably is because he was in the german charts with looking for freedom at the time when the berlin wall fell . 
  i personally did n't even know who david hasselhoff was as a kid , even though i watched knight rider . 
  ( but i only watched the reruns in the 90s ), 
  come on , you guys have a very good reputation . 
  when it comes to football however , i feel a bit different ,
