  well lets do a reverse-anschluss then . 
  i have nothing against vienna as the german capital . 
  historically vienna was longer the `` kind-of '' capital of the holy roman empire of german nation than berlin was the capital of germany . 
  at least the german nation would be united . 
  go for it . 
  i will cheer for the bundesheer on the anschluss parade . 
  the refugee crisis . 
  she can apply conservative politics to 50 little problems . 
  but if she choses to apply left-wing politics to the biggest problem of the decade , then all the little conservative steps are worth nothing . 
  and that was the refugee crisis . 
  she was basically abolishing all border protection and invited the refugees with her infamous `` willkommenskultur '' . 
  several years ago the cdu ( merkel 's party ) made the asylum law stricter so that fewer refugees were accepted . 
  and in the moment when there is a refugee crisis merkel completely forgets about her party 's political mentality and just let 's everyone in . 
  one million refugees , that will be a problem for the next years if not the next decades . 
  so one really , really , really big mistake fcked up her whole chancellorship and severly damaged her party . 
  not to talk about the damage she has done to germany and europe . 
  yes , nation in a ethnic and cultural definition has nothing to do with a state in the context of international law . 
  western and eastern germans were both part of the german nation but in different states . 
  imho it 's the same with austria . 
  that may be the correct definition . 
  however the word is `` burned '' in germany since national-socialism . 
  you ca n't use it in a neutral or positive context in germany any more . 
  what you call nationalism , is what i call patriotism . 
  even if it 's not the original meaning . 
  maybe from a european perspective it is . 
  i just had a look into an english dictionary and there is also the term nationalistic . 
  it is probably also a question of different vocabulary and a different definition . 
  in germany the word nationalism describes mostly a exaggerated , extreme form of nationalism/patriotism that tends to belittle other countries . 
  patriotism is considered a positive attitude to your own nation/country/heritage / culture . 
  so patriotism is the word for positive and non-hateful patriotism/nationalism . 
  so loving your country is not considered bad ( well unless you ask the left-wing ) . 
  loving your country is considered healthy patriotism . 
  what is bad is the excessive form of it combined with hate for other nations . 
  we call that nationalism . 
  so we consider hitler to be a german nationalist but not a german patriot . 
  that is probably also one of the reasons why we have that strict seperation between positive patriotism and negative nationalism . 
   i would say to represent them ? 
  i agree . 
  however merkel advertised herself as a conservative politicians and then she adapted a left-wing/green policy . 
  so she did n't represent her conservative votership , that voted for her . 
  it 's more a 180 degree turn . 
  you vote for conservative representation and get left-wing/green politics instead . 
  imho thats the scandal here . 
  it took a long time and a lot of public pressure to bring merkel to this `` new '' idea . 
  im glad we have the afd party in germany now . 
  as long as there was no convervative competitor to the cdu , they kept moving to the left . 
  now they realize they lost a lot of votes to the afd with that course , so they are correcting that . 
  losing votes and especially mandates is ( sadly ) the only language most politicians understand . 
  in germany the common definition is : patriotism - being proud of your country , heritage and culture nationalism - looking down on other countries so i think patriotism is a very positive thing and it 's probably to some extend even a prerequisiste for a functioning society . 
  a little bit like the glue that keeps a country together . 
  unfortunately patriotism in germany is still a little bit suspicious . 
  but that was changing the last years . 
  especially sport events like the world cup reminded people , that you can be proud of your own country without looking down on other countries . 
  and thats how i think it should be . 
  the [ zaporozhian cossacks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reply_of_the_zaporozhian_cossacks ) were historically quite good in insulting ottoman sultans . 
  maybe you can find some inspiration there . 
   zaporozhian cossacks to the turkish sultan !, 
   o sultan , turkish devil and damned devil 's kith and kin , secretary to lucifer himself . 
  what the devil kind of knight are you , that ca n't slay a hedgehog with your naked arse ? 
  the devil excretes , and your army eats . 
  you will not , you son of a bitch , make subjects of christian sons ; we 've no fear of your army , by land and by sea we will battle with thee , fuck your mother . 
   you babylonian scullion , macedonian wheelwright , brewer of jerusalem , goat-fucker of alexandria , swineherd of greater and lesser egypt , pig of armenia , podolian thief , catamite of tartary , hangman of kamyanets , and fool of all the world and underworld , an idiot before god , grandson of the serpent , and the crick in our dick . 
  pig 's snout , mare 's arse , slaughterhouse cur , unchristened brow , screw your own mother !, 
   so the zaporozhians declare , you lowlife . 
  you wo n't even be herding pigs for the christians . 
  now we 'll conclude , for we do n't know the date and do n't own a calendar ; the moon 's in the sky , the year with the lord , the day 's the same over here as it is over there ; for this kiss our arse !, 
   koshovyi otaman ivan sirko , with the whole zaporozhian host . 
  you know that the jokes have really hit a nerve , when police begins to arrest people because they ask for directions to the zoo . 
  poland can into space !, 
  supply and demand . 
  as simple as that . 
  if there is more demand for vegatarian meals , then the restaurants will adapt . 
  at least those that want to earn money . 
  poland can into space now !, 
  yep , exactly my opinion . 
  we need to become better at monetizing our inventions . 
  i give you an example : the mp3 was invented in germany . 
  the first mp3 player was invented in germany . 
  who made tons of money with that technology ? 
  apple and asian companies . 
  well i guess then romania will pay soon . 
  and instead of a goalie they made a small goal on a lamp post . 
  10 years for filesharing ? 
  seems legit . 
  britain ( like most of europe ) is setting it 's priorities . 
  what 's the punishment for violent crime ? 
  imho russians are used to `` suffering '' and poverty . 
  they are very tough in this regard . 
  so it is probably a misconception by the western countries if they think putin will back down because of rising poverty in russia . 
  even if the sanctions have hit the russian economy , i really doubt they will have any result on putins politics . 
  it might even be the total opposite , that russians unite against the `` evil western countries '' . 
  this is not supposed to be an insult to russians ( more like a compliment to their toughness ) , just my opinion on the topic . 
  maybe op can comment what he thinks on my assumptions . 
  interesting to see that so many russians still prefer a soviet state over a democratic state . 
  they have personal interest in the uk staying in europe . 
  i think romania is doing a good job with their anti-corruption persecution . 
  landlocked is maybe the wrong word . 
  i wanted to say that it has no landconnection to russia . 
  i think your point is semi-correct . 
  it 's probably less the route to russia but more the access to the baltic sea that is so important .
