the new rust kinda does n't quite feel like legacy , legacy had something special about it , it 's like the feel of world of warcraft compared to other mmos . 
  the thing that kinda killed rust for me was the new map generation , it was fun and all when i first explored the legacy map as a noob but it was a one time thing , i really do n't want to struggle to find my way around or my friends . 
  a good chunk of rust 's gameplay consists of just finding you friends and learning the map for every server you play on , and it 's really not fun , it 's like forcing you to just play on a single server, 
  that does n't mean there will only be one map, 
  well , yeah , but after you do all of those things you pvp , go raiding, 
  the zombies were n't that bad , i mean you could oneshot them which was good for saving bullets, 
  if this would be added i can already imagine bearded people hunting/challenging other bearded people to show supremacy . 
  it would be a competition of beards , murder and looting , much like the viking age . 
  nope, 
  i would spend a big load of nothing !, 
  items should be worked for , not bought off , every n00b can do that, 
  yes, 
  things are going bad . 
  we just need to have faith in garry, 
  yeah , that 's really shit . 
  why ca n't they copy the minecraft item selections and splitting the stacks , that would be much better and really easy to use . 
  also , esc should close the inventory, 
  i mean esc should close the inventory besides tab , like in legacy, 
  too much swag, 
  please try again later . 
  well , they should be really acurate, 
  i hate procedural generated maps ... . . this is n't minecraft ffs, 
  yeah , rust has a certain feel to it . 
  it 's one of those games that you love from the first sight like minecraft of wow . 
  i hope they make the game awesome :d, 
  gives the rest of my fingers a purpose, 
  the only thing you can do is find a small server with like 20-25 players with good and active admins . 
  yeah , i think the c4 system was kinda balanced in one way or another , raiding being an end game thing, 
  joy and fun, 
  depends if it is cooked or not, 
  `` i am making this game but i need to play it too in order to see what 's wrong with it '', 
  yeah , but it might be a problem in the future, 
  yeah , i know the importance of donations for servers and it 's ok for servers to provide some sort of special treatment for their donators but cutting items from the game for those who do n't donate is a problem . 
  no , they ca n't , they must play fair too, 
  do you like to listen metal songs with lyrics inspired from the norse mythology or the way of life of vikings ? 
  endless legend would be awesome, 
  lewis is a bit shit at this, 
  fer is correct too , i believe it 's pure iron, 
  competition is tough, 
  no , this is really a bad idea . 
  you know those public minecraft servers without protection on areas ? 
  yeah , the whole map will be a mess and the only hope is to go as far from the spawn as possible , only that minecraft has basiclly infinite maps and rust does n't . 
  my old school had these kind of pcs , with windows 98 and stuff . 
  the good thing about them is that they had diablo , fallout and warcraft, 
  it just needs more expansion packs ... sadly, 
  if they all war each other i just hope it wo n't be heavily scripted like the other series end . 
  let the `` best '' team win, 
  is everybody uniting with india a reference to indo-european languages ? 
  well i 'm afraid that 's wrong because indo-europeans originate from europe and conquered india , not the other way around . 
  indo-europeans are aryans ( the correct historical term not nazi crap ), 
  another reason why aryan is a better name for them instead of indo-europeans :p, 
  the render distance is still too big, 
  it was washed up :p, 
  i do n't want to pay more for the mods than the game itself . 
  some people do n't even afford games and you want paid mods xd, 
  i do n't know about having no account ... or at least be optional maybe be linked to the reddit account ? 
  why does n't lewis build more subs , they are amazing, 
  maybe it was an inside joke, 
  how can you not panic when you fell them judge your every move , how can you not panic at the words `` clutch or kick '', 
  that romanian rage there xd, 
  - spawning in walls . 
  - not being able to respawn when match starts . 
  - spawning above ground . 
  - not showing the minimap . 
  - loosing control over the movement ( sliding to left/right ) . 
  - not showing your gun . 
  this sounds like heaven . 
  i can imagine myself being in the school 's cs : go team . 
  about time smart people get to play competitive sports , well esports . 
  '' \u2022 more hours = more skill . 
  no such thing as being simply better than you . '', 
  thats what my salty silver friend rages at me when i tell him he sucks with the awp . 
  he has over 450h in game and it 's silver elite ( been silver elite master twice but deranked xd ) and tells me to judge him only when i get to his playtime even though i 'm a bigger rank . 
  i can feel the salt, 
  grimstorm, 
  valve needs an update to fix all these pixels, 
  `` i have this amazing idea about a burger with _______ '', 
  rust was always bad for solo players, 
  at a first glance i thought it was about creativemonkeyz, 
  http://www.metal-archives.com/ infos about every metal band you 'll ever want, 
  to be honest , a lightsaber is way more awesome ... . . and useful ... 
  * tries to clutch *, 
  `` hey ivan , how is your day ? '', 
  `` i 'm cleaning my putin poster to hang in my living room '', 
  `` i 've done that earlier '', 
  i would love that , every time i had russians in my team they would just rush alone b , every fucking time, 
  damn russians, 
  the amon amarth lyrics were amazing, 
  11 more levels and i get that mofo , my life will be complete, 
  i 'm a wrist player myself , i keep my ingame sens at 5.95, 
  i 'm not racist , they 're gypsies, 
  people that think real life is a fairy tale and douchebags, 
  clapping with only one hand, 
  the yogpod, 
  jeans, 
  i dreamt i was stuck by myself in a dark tower and i tried to wake up but i coul n't . 
  i got to the point where i committed suicide in my dream in order to wake up, 
  chickens , they can be very terrifying for little children, 
  everyone i know writes in cursive , including myself, 
  i can move my ears and clap with one hand,
