  yeah we seem to have forgiven franz joseph i , in exchange for the economic boom , but that does n't carry over to his descendants . 
  funny thing is , for the reasons stated above , there was no king from 1920-1946 but hungary was still called kingdom of hungary , just without a king . 
  since we now know this is a ridiculous state of affairs we just went along with the european default of having a president of the republic and a prime minister . 
  average wage is actually higher than the average doctor 's wage if my the hungarian sources are right ( this seems a bit suspicious to me though ) . 
  but anyway , being a doctor in hungary is not that big of a dream as in the us . 
  yes , also in hungary . 
  less than 10000 usd/year * before * taxes . 
  and taxes are a lot higher than in the us . 
  no wonder that most young doctors move to sweden , germany , uk , etc. , often right after graduation . 
  the average age of doctors is getting very high now , an nobody knows who will replace them when the die/retire . 
  but still , the so called `` doctor barons '' ( `` boss '' doctors ) get a livable wage , but they are a minority . 
  you also have to consider that there is a custom that patients give `` gratitude '' money to the doctors ( similar to a tip , almost like a bribe ) . 
  the main ones are : * `` reform\u00e1tus '' ( calvinist ) - approx . 
  12 % of population * `` evang\u00e9likus '' ( lutheran ) - approx . 
  2-3 % of population ( by contrast catholics are about 38 % ) there are also some smaller ones like baptists and unitarians etc. 
  and there are obviously also some more modern micro ( business - ) churches , like the pentecostal `` hit gy\u00fclekezete '' ( faith church ) , who own a major commercial tv station where they have their televangelist show every sunday . 
  * primary/elementary school ( ages ~ 6-14 , 1st through 8th grade ) : approx 8x3x20 = 480 students ( pupils ) * secondary/high school ( ages ~ 14-18 , 9th though 12th grade ) : approx 4x4x35 = 560 students, 
  yes . 
  * cellux - transparent adhesive tape * stift - glue stick * technokol - liquid glue * flex - angle grinder * mirelit - frozen food * dzsip ( jeep ) - jeep-like car * rotring - mechanical pencil * kuka - garbage bin ( origin : `` via czech , from german kuka , short for keller und knappich augsburg , a german firm which was manufacturing and supplying orange refuse collection vehicles . 
  today the company kuka is producing industrial robots and automation technologies . '' ), 
  * hungarocel - polystyrene * matchbox - small toy car * walkman - portable cassette player * hypo ( hip\u00f3 ) - sodium hypochlorite ( bleach ) * polyfoam - thin ( ~ 1cm ) matress-like thing you put under your sleeping bag in a tent, 
  these few decades were indeed a golden age for hungary compared to our other history . 
  basically after 1526 , hungary disintegrated and was taken over by the ottomans and the habsburgs . 
  after the ottomans were kicked out , several revolution attempts against habsburgs have failed . 
  and after austria-hungary we had trianon , wwii , german and soviet occupation ... 
  compared to all that , the compromise of 1867 is seen positively in that it gave back a good chunk of hungarian sovereignty and enabled a lot of development , catching up to the most modern tech inventions ( railways , subway etc. ) . 
  while franz joseph is widely considered a `` bad guy '' in the context of the 1848 revolution , somehow as an old man , after the compromise , his image is quite positive and a symbol of the steady economic progress and peace of those times . 
  we are definitely also taught about the problems of minorities and we learn that some version of a trianon-like treaty was an inevitable thing due to the demographic makeup of the country . 
  rather the main problem is with how unjustly the borders were drawn , leaving many very high majority ( 85-90 % + ) hungarian areas right on the other side . 
  never tried it , never seen it , only read about it online . 
  many people were seen negatively during communism and then positively , like anti-communists or the 1956 revolutionaries . 
  no , because almost everyone knows friends or family who moved to western europe to work and they have a good life . 
  the most common perception is that salaries are very high and life is much better ( which is quite true ) . 
  this whole terrorism and violece idea is very recent here , and the government pushes it quite heavily through the media , but the people 's perception originates from a much longer time and western europe has always been envied here . 
  swiss salaries are much much higher ( even if you compensate for the price differences ) than serbian/hungarian etc. 
  salaries . 
  the [ battle of moh\u00e1cs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_moh\u00e1cs ) probably . 
  king dead , ottoman occupation for ~ 170 years , depopulation etc. 
  hungary never recovered from that . 
  in hungarian culture the word `` moh\u00e1cs '' is synonymous with catastrophic defeat . 
  also * trianon * wwii * soviets crushing the revolution of 1956 * russia and austria crushing the revolution of 1848 * mongol invasion ( 1241 ) and more, 
  the existence of this whole topic was basically unknown to the general public before about ~ 5 years ago . 
  still today , it just comes up when conservatives talk about how liberalism is destroying the west with gender theory and the bathroom stuff . 
  a real pool only for the rich , but the plastic or inflatable one is quite popular , especially for families with small children . 
  we did n't have such a system , we had to ask . 
  but as classes only lasted 45 minutes ( not sure if it 's the same in the us ) , it did n't happen too often that we could n't wait ( i mean in higher classes , not as very small kids ) . 
  i do n't remember it being such a big issue to create an elaborate system with clipboards . 
  a question back at you : were you allowed to eat during class ( sandwiches etc ) ? 
  we were n't , although there was one teacher in high school who did allow it , but he was a bit of an odd one . 
  about the bathroom thing , do you mean going to the bathroom during class ? 
  obviously students ( before university ) ca n't just walk out whenever they please ( during class ) , they have to ask . 
  but during the breaks , when you 're out in the hallways why would you need permission ? 
  bathrooms are not locked , you 're in the hallway and just enter a bathroom . 
  i do n't understand what scenario we 're talking about here . 
  are the breaks between classes also so closely supervised in the us that they are trapped in the classroom and ca n't even walk in the hallways ? 
  it 's not usual at all . 
  not sure if it 's just a reddit demographic thing , but i get the impressin that `` getting tested '' for stis ( quotes to express that it 's a `` thing '' ) is very usual in the us . 
  like it 's an encouraged habit , like brushing your teeth . 
  it gets thown around a lot . 
  in hungary , it would be weird . 
  we consider it a `` serious '' medical examination , you ca n't just walk in and get tested . 
  a gp needs to refer you in , just like he would to any other special examination , like lung x-rays etc. 
  and only if he suspects that such a check is medically necessary in your case . 
  of course you can go to a private hospital and pay a lot , but that 's quite expensive and only been available recently . 
  also i think , stis are not that widespread in hungary that you 'd really need to be concerned . 
  sounds like shitty , borderline ( or totally ) scammy restaurants . 
  tips are never mandatory . 
  there may be service fees sometimes expressed as a percentage on the menu . 
  those are not negotiable , they are n't actually tips , they are part of the bill . 
  not listing it in english when they otherwise translate things on the menu may be against consumer protection laws though . 
  how does that look in practice ? 
  how do they express that they expect 20 % and not just 10 % ? 
  [ budapest ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_w2qub79htc ), 
  that 's a very popular saying in hungarian too . 
  depends on the country . 
  in hungary it 's 10 % at a restaurant with a waiter . 
  if you give much less or nothing , then it means the service was bad . 
  as for including it in the bill , i find that awkward personally . 
  in some restaurants they explicitly add an extra service fee to the bill . 
  i 'm not sure what is the norm in that case . 
  i usually still give some extra tip , but less than normally . 
  but this is rather rare . 
  generally i find that the us and hungary ( perhaps others too ) are quite different in this regard . 
  just like we do n't donate much ( yeah also because we 're poor ) , as someone asked lately ( about donating to one 's alma mater university later in life ) , we also do n't tip excessively . 
  except when it comes to doctors and nurses . 
  there you must tip ( bribe ) , otherwise they 'll treat you like crap . 
  we call it `` money of gratefulness '' . 
  i never tip at wardrobes . 
  it 's not a long and personal interaction , like a waiter at a restaurant or a hairdresser . 
  if someone tips the employees at a wardrobe , why not tip the cashier who sells the tickets at the theater ? 
  or the cashier at the supermarket ? 
  what language ? 
  it 's mandatory to learn two foreign languages in secondary school . 
  i chose german and since then i got to c2 level . 
  reasons for german : jobs , culture , history . 
  it 's an advantage whether i want to work in germany/austria/switzerland or in hungary ( many german companies in hungary require or prefer those who can speak german ) . 
  and germany is the most important country in terms of economy in this region . 
  also there has been a long history of germans and the german language here ( think danube swabians , austria-hungary ) . 
  but i think english is definitely more important to know . 
  so i 'd definitely recommend english if someone only wants to learn one foreign language .
