  because it is , it 's a literal lie like everything they say . 
  no , the reason they will fail is that the ruling party gives absolutely zero shits what people want and their only objective is securing a position of power they 're least likely to lose , legally or not . 
  mostly not . 
  the reason i call they what they are is simple though , i did n't like po but kaczy\u0144ski , duda , macierewicz , piotrowicz , etc. 
  are probably the first politicians i honestly despise with all my heart . 
  oh and ziobro , the number one criminal in this country . 
  every word they say is a lie , every action they do is to secure unchecked power over all aspects of our country . 
  talking big about getting rid of ex-ub and commies while they have in their ranks people who happily worked for communist regime . 
  if you look at what they said before po took power it 's / r/trumpcriticizestrump all over again . 
  and if your name here is anything to go by , you 're probably one of those intense patriots that love their country like nothing else but somehow fucked off west first chance they got . 
   since ever . 
  eh , poniatowski was pretty awful too . 
  just to clarify , it 's free ( adj. ), 
   is poland 's president also a spineless piece of shit like hungary 's though ? 
  will sign and veto whatever the dwarf tells him to . 
  that 's 19 thousand according to pis . 
  actually eu is going to pull a7 on both poland and hungary at the same time now . 
  checkmate . 
   people here hate every government since 1700 yeah that 's because every each one was garbage . 
  1700s were pretty bad times for poland . 
  pis supporters are generally not very smart people . 
   in poland , the same judges are still around ... yeah and members of the commie party are still in the diet . 
  if they wanted to get rid of postcommies they would first have to purge most of their political party and some people outside . 
   is your minister of justice a convicted criminal ? 
  he is n't , but he 's been [ filmed signing the list for not present people after the proceedings have been closed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmf5iqueney ) . 
  this is forgery happening on camera in the sejm . 
   where is the undeniable proof that your minister of defense is a russian agent ? 
  there is n't , but he has a lot of connections with shady as fuck people , you should read a [ book about it ] ( https://www.profit24.pl/images/photos/1/1/1006188/__b_9788394833107.jpg ) but it 's nigh impossible to get due to being sold out instantly . 
  i own it though . 
   walesa , your opposition leader lol , walesa is irrelevant on the polish political scene for quite some time now . 
   i 'm not a polish voter  i ca n't help but laugh at your lack of perspective you are the one clearly lacking the perspective needed to draw conclusions from what 's transpiring here . 
  i wonder what sources you use to follow our politics , because they clearly barely manage to scratch the surface . 
  you do n't know shit , mate . 
  pis is literally wiping their asses with every law imaginable . 
  in these two years leading to next elections our country will spiral into a autocratic shithole similiar to belarus . 
  our president and prime minister are puppets , our minister of defense is a russian agent and our minister of justice is a criminal . 
  do you even follow what 's happening here or are you just some deluded idealist ? 
  pis just threw away 1300 amendment proposals made by opposition to the proposed judicary changes without reading any of them . 
  you can vote on changes in batches when they are connected to each other but they just threw away everything by opposition . 
  and that fucking lunatic piotrowicz has the gall to say opposition did things unlawfully . 
  i 'm so fucking mad . 
  we really might need a coup soon . 
  so taking power over juridicary system is okay as long as it 's constitutional , huh ? 
  byzantium was part of rome for a good few centuries though . 
  they followed roman law and were as much romans as those in italia . 
  it 's more like quebec and canada . 
  you do n't say they 're not canadians because they speak french , right ? 
  it 's only called byzantium because constantinople was named byzantium before emperor constantine decided he wants to be closer to where the real action is . 
  well no shit , industrial revolution happened in europe , how was china suppossed to become a world power without industrializing ? 
  by the time they caught up commies started taking over . 
  they also speak southern slavic and write in cyrillic . 
   watch the polish govt . 
  change their tune now you naive child . 
  pis broke the constitution on multiple occasions , what makes you think they give a shit ? 
  thanks kaczy\u0144ski you can fuck off now , mkay ? 
   descendants of those greeks are turks no they are n't , turks moved in to anatolia from middle east . 
  and yeah , people living there were descendants of persians . 
  the point is , turks are not european and calling turkey an european country is a fucking joke to make them feel good . 
   eu should stop preaching about `` human rights and democracy '' yeah i actually agree , what we need is not unity in diversity but a crusade that wo n't fail this time . 
   turkey used to be part of the roman empire that was when greeks lived in anatolia and not turks . 
   partially europe turkey is 5 % europe . 
   sugar in the gas tank . 
  beat that . 
  it would actually work if tanks ran on regular petrol . 
  i 've been to croatia like what ... 7 years ago and it certainly did n't look like people do n't know about it . 
  hordes of tourists everywhere . 
  hvar , split , and man dubrovnik was crowded beyond imagination ( beautiful place tho holy shit ) . 
  well some non-euros * cough * murricans * cough * do n't know places like bulgaria exist at all probably . 
   non-euros sometimes still unironically call croatia `` hidden '' you serious ? 
  ah , the famous crazy samurai of the shimazu clan . 
  * you can surrender , just leave your head here *, 
   prusse orientale makes it sound like east prussia was some kind of a tropic land with chinamen living there . 
  nazis are bad m ` kay, 
  half of the points in that article you linked do n't apply so stop being very smart and look at things how they are . 
  usa fits this article more really . 
  our `` future '' already looks bleak as shit . 
  as if a few terrorists can bring a country down lol are you delusional ? 
  terrorism is really more of a nuisance than a threat to a country . 
   your everyone is germany and sweden ? 
  after brexit germany is the only country that actually * matters * in eu . 
   the biggest dangers for europe are russia this became true after usa became their sidekick . 
  and since it 's true we should seek either tighter ties with russia ( pls no tho ) or eu . 
  right now we 're pissing off both , eu even more than russia . 
  we are losing eu trust and that only works in putin 's favour . 
  and why should n't we appease to a more powerful nation ? 
  poland is weak . 
  our military is small . 
  such is life of an unimportant country . 
  macierewicz is also a russian agent so there 's that . 
  and really , i do n't believe many me/african migrants will care to stay in poland in the end . 
  there are much richer and more welcoming countries nearby that will take them in . 
  we are ultimately a another stopping point . 
  ... of course ? 
  you have to be either a pis shill or blind to not see this . 
  it 's better to kiss putin 's ass than to openly antagonize * everyone * around us . 
   muhhh migrants our migrants would just fuck off right back to germany first chance they get , stop believing fearmongering . 
  they 're not fascist , but yeah , a dictatorship it is . 
  majority of sejm is pis . 
  how is pis electing judges they control not an attack on democracy ? 
  they effectively control 3 out of 3 power tribes .
