[ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ra4_m8srgq&amp;list=plwc4c8sdqavq1plymufpnxcgleadroiy9&amp;index=3 ) ? 
  oh yeah it has some nice guitars, 
  * needless *, 
  better than being scottish , english are just wankers . 
  you 're colonized by wankers . 
   basically russians i knew there 's a reason why i [ fucking hate the french ] ( ) https://puu.sh/x6dy7/3ab7fa1409.png . 
   am i the only one you never are the only one . 
  certainly not the only karmawhore here . 
  these turtles are endangered . 
  i 'm pretty sure killing them couts as a criminal offence . 
  they were wiped out by human logging , you daft knob . 
   understand integrals are all about memorizing , you do n't have to understand shit, 
  i believe belarus and lithuania are swapped ? 
  reviving ? 
  it 's like this forever already . 
  just fucking put them in prison , it 's not that hard . 
   jesus you really do n't give a shit at all about these people huh ? 
  of course i do n't . 
  why would i give a shit about people who mainly stick to their own kin and do n't give a shit about us ? 
  fuck off you and the two story horse you 're sitting on , stop predenting you care about people so much different from you when it benefits your image . 
   meanwhile of course the poles have a god-given right to a state and sovereignty right ? 
  the polish state existed for a thousand years and there 's no basis to prohibit us from having one in our culture . 
  * leviticus 26:33 and if you do not listen to me , and do not keep all these commandments ... and i will scatter you among the nations , and send the sword after you , and your land will be desolate , and your cities destroyed . 
  * * deuteronomy 30:1 -4 and it shall come to pass , when all these things are come upon thee , the blessing and the curse , which i have set before thee , and thou shalt call them to mind among all the nations , into which the lord thy god has driven thee , and shalt return to the lord thy god , and shalt obey his voice according to all that i command thee this day , thou and thy children , with all thy heart , and with all thy soul ; that then the lord thy god will turn thy captivity , and have compassion upon thee , and will return and gather thee from all the nationsamongst whom the lord thy god has scattered thee . 
  if thy outcasts be at the utmost parts of heaven , from there will the lord thy god gather thee , and from there will he fetch thee : *, 
  tough words for a guy that has to take a 500k loan to get higher education . 
  at least we do n't have to worry about getting shot because we 're taking out our papers too fast . 
  where do they go ? 
  they spread out again . 
  friendly reminder jewish teachings forbid jews from having a country . 
  they stay nomadic people like gypsies . 
  not if he nukes the hague, 
  my czech is n't very good , but does n't it say they all cause cancer ? 
   they have a right for their national state there i guess having a * right * is enough to carve up another country , huh ? 
  there 's a difference between migration of peoples and planting an artificial country on the territory of another country without their consent . 
  that 's because palestine are `` bad guys '' and israel is `` good guys '' . 
  1 . a bundle of sticks , twigs , or branches bound together and used as fuel , a fascine , a torch , etc. 
  2 . a bundle ; bunch . 
  3 . a bundle of pieces of iron or steel to be welded , hammered , or rolled together at high temperature . 
  4 . bouquet garni . 
  we 're both wrong , the term is `` fagott '' . 
  2 t 's . 
  unfortunately , the instrument is also written using 2 g 's in english language . 
  weird , huh ? 
  fists, 
  uhh , so what ? 
  i 'm not concerned about the forest , i want pis to get the fuck out, 
  please sanction us to hell already , we really need those early elections as soon as possible . 
   it also accused poland of sexual discrimination by letting women judges retire aged 60 and male judges aged 65 . 
  uhhh , women in other jobs in poland also are able to retire earlier , what 's the big deal ? 
  nope , sorry . 
  watched it on tv yesterday . 
  also faggot *, 
  man those dives were insane . 
  27 metres high platform . 
  is n't it ... illegal too ? 
  you 're signing a contract when you get married . 
  good , i 'm not going to tell you who vote for . 
  if you like not having nice things you 're welcome to vote for pis again . 
  your name checks out , trying to talk with pis supporters is like hitting your head against a concrete wall, 
  so what ? 
  the fact he acquired them is enough grounds to get him arrested and convicted . 
  the fact he planned to do so is enough too . 
  such thing as `` making a point '' is a idealistic moot argument , it 's not even his own fucking government . 
   fight against the governments !, 
  even if he has the skills to steal highly protected information he 's still a fucking idiot . 
   why the fact to be undetected is not their main priority it is , you can never be sure though, 
  good luck trying to have a constructive discussion with ruling polish politicians , you 'll be called a commie lover at best . 
  i wish our current government magically disappeared overnight . 
   hundreds of attacks yeah , polish criminals also make hundreds of assaults , robbings and rapes every year , you think this country is much safer than germany ? 
  think again deluded boy . 
  it 's enough they 're russian politicians . 
  it 's not hard to figure out . 
  do you honestly think that a maniac with a knife killing one person is equal to a government actively consolidating power in hands of one person of doubtful sanity ? 
  are you fucking stupid ? 
  murders are unavoidable . 
  honestly at this point i would n't mind if we declared a war on germany and let them annex us . 
  our politicians are n't fit to rule . 
  kaczynski and co. are just powermongering pieces of shit that deserve to rot in prison and the opposition has no idea what to do . 
  why ca n't we have a government that cares for once ? 
  poniatowski was right all along . 
  i see it in stores everywhere, 
  that 's because you italians ca n't handle real drinks, 
   raise our article 50 ( pexit ) sejm would really get raided this time . 
   at least it 's not holland !, 
   poland what is your name for us ? 
  i 've got bad news for you . 
  ah , the obligatory * neuschwanstein is not a castle * comment . 
   source is tvp info literal lies then . 
  you 're okay with smokers though ? 
  you seem like a very uptight person . 
  are you 60 ? 
  he looks like a sad fellow ... and not a very bright one . 
  maybe i am , i trusted someone else on this . 
  it 's not 60 % , it 's 2/3rds . 
  fucking madman he actually did it . 
  i did n't think he had it in him , but son of a bitch , he got me . 
  the best part is kaczy\u0144ski looks like he just had a stroke . 
  he literally ca n't believe this . 
  eh , he 's just the second worst king,
