  by the beginning of the twelfth century , the number of muslims had almost doubled but were just a bare majority of the total population of the peninsula . 
  ( source : `` judios , moros y cristianos ; tres pueblos , ritos y costumbres '' by pastora barahona , editorial libsa , madrid ; 2004 . ), 
  there was a hierarchical pecking order in spite of the lip service that all believers were equal . 
  arabs stood at the top , berbers provided the majority of the shock troops and hewers of wood and drawers of water followed by converts and at the very bottom were the infidel jews and christians no matter how significant their contribution to the arts and sciences . 
  the muslim conquest of spain was greatly aided by internal divisions among the christians , especially the land-owning class of visigoth nobles . 
  the muslim conquest of spain was accomplished in the short space of five years but society did not change abruptly . 
  the newly won territory was given the name al-andalus with its capital in cordoba and became a dependency of the omayyid caliphate of damascus . 
  just prior to the conquest , much of the original christian population demonstrated little stake in continued visigothic rule and , even among the visigoth ruling class , several clans found it expedient to cooperate with the muslim rulers in order to preserve their property and privileges . 
  these germanic rulers were still considered `` foreigners '' by many ordinary native spaniards and their formal conversion to catholicism from the arian heresy that rejected the idea that jesus was co-equal or co-eternal with god the father ( contesting the catholic doctrine of the trinity and that christ was both human and divine ) . 
  their `` conversion '' had only been an initial step designed to appeal to the catholic majority and integrate the different elements of the population into one society . 
  the harsh anti-jewish measures adopted by the last visigothic king were made to appeal to christians and unite the kingdom in the face of the muslim invaders who were originally welcomed by the jews , initially regarding them as liberators . 
  the tolerant spain of the three great monotheistic religions ( often referred to as las tres culturas ) gradually contracted and was eventually extinguished as a result of repeated invasions of the peninsula from north africa by severe muslim-berber tribes people who brought with them a fanaticism reminiscent of al-qaeda and the taliban . 
  only later did a resurgent christian-hispanic reaction begin to imitate this intolerance . 
  the term `` golden age '' of muslim spain most correctly applies to a relatively short period from the eighth to the mid-eleventh century and is even more accurate when applied to the christian north of the country for a period of more than three hundred years . 
  the berber-arab division from the very beginning of the muslim domination of spain , a considerable antagonism existed between a minority of arab overlords and their predominantly berber followers who had joined the muslim crusade after their conversion to islam . 
  the majority of these berbers lived in morocco and mauretania and for this reason were referred to as moros ( moors ) , a term that continues in use today and is more prevalent that muselmanes ( muslims ) or \u00e1rabes ( arabs ) in contemporary spanish . 
  many of the berbers had remained pagan or converted to byzantine christianity before accepting islam and had long been in contact with the south-eastern corner of spain separated from the moroccan coastline by the narrow strait of gibraltar . 
  they provided the majority of the manpower for the invasion but were regarded with contempt by an arab ruling class who felt a racial superiority and purity of faith connected with the caliphs in damascus and later in baghdad collapse of muslim spain into chaos muslim spain , nominally subject to the rulers ( caliphs ) in damascus and baghdad , eventually broke free from any foreign subservience . 
  around the years 930-1000 , cordoba excelled as the most cultured city in europe under a stable and prosperous rule , especially during the reign of abd-al rahman iii ( proclaimed caliph in cordoba in 929 ) . 
  this enlightened ruler built a sumptuous palace , medina azahara , named for his favorite wife azahara . 
  its magnificence in ivory , jade , ebony and alabaster rivaled or exceeded that of the taj mahal and yet it was totally destroyed and sacked not by the `` barbarian christians '' attacking from the north but by the fanatical muslim berber invaders in 1010 . 
  they left hardly a stone standing . 
  during a few months in 1009 , five different rulers succeeded each other and lost control of much of the provincial territories . 
  a rebellion against loyalty to the omayyid dynasty led to civil war and the descent of muslim spain into chaos . 
  within a generation , approximately 40 independent muslim mini-kingdoms or emirates called taifas proclaimed their independence and enabled the christian kingdoms to organize and make major advances in the reconquest of the peninsula . 
  the native jewish population of spain ( many and perhaps most sephardi jews were native born converts rather than migrants ) , always a barometer of tolerance , quite clearly preferred the christian north to the muslim south from the beginning of the 11th century . 
  severe anti-jewish disturbances began first in granada and the muslim south under the almoravids and almohades . 
  the great palaces , artistic achievements and part of the sophisticated irrigation works of the omayyids and abbasids were largely destroyed by the new invaders . 
  by the time of the final conquest of granada - the last remaining muslim kingdom in 1492 , almost no jews resided there whereas more than 225 spanish towns had their distinctive jewish quarters ( juder\u00edas ) still intact on the eve of the expulsion . '', 
  ahahahaha , like anyone ever gave a plonker what the `` population '' wanted . 
  ay , naive summer children . 
  chickenshits, 
  i am syrious . 
  turkey . 
  your ancestors ran away from your homelands and did n't have the backbone to stand for your motherlands in good and in bad times , and you wonder why we roll our eyes when you bore us with `` i am 1.2345 percent italian with a little bit of pizza in there . '', 
  no , more like invaders and gordon gekkos . 
  the best peeps to party and live with on earth !, 
  please do n't run to east europe , westerners , you 're not welcome here . 
  malinchistas y machos . 
  viva mexico , cabrones !, 
  of course not , reading is for literate people . 
  `` the police released a report noting that sweden is at the top of the eu 's statistics on physical and sexual violence against women , sexual harassment and stalking . 
  the report stated unequivocally that it is `` asylum-seeker boys '' and `` foreign men '' who commit the vast majority of the reported crimes . 
  as far as the widespread sexual assaults at public pools are concerned , the police said that in four out of five cases , the perpetrators have been `` unaccompanied refugee children '' . 
  a survey by the national board of health and welfare ( socialstyrelsen ) suggested that as many as 38,000 women in sweden may have been subjected to female genital mutilation ( fgm ) . 
  yet health care services rarely help women with the complications associated with fgm . 
  a swedish father was told that he and his two children are being thrown out of the house they are renting from the municipality -- to make room for an immigrant family . 
  may 4 : turkish president recep tayyip erdogan came to the defense of sweden 's muslim minister of housing mehmet kaplan , who was forced to resign after his connections to islamists and neo-fascists were revealed , as was his defamatory comparison of israel to nazi germany . 
  according to erdogan , however , the forced resignation of kaplan was symptomatic for how muslims are treated in the west : `` just look at what sweden has done to a muslim who reached a position in cabinet , '' erdogan indignantly said . 
  may 4 : it is now up to sweden 's supreme court to decide if an algerian , karim ageri , should be deported from sweden after knifing a 16-year-old girl because she refused to have sex with him . 
  november 10 , 2015 , two teenage swedish girls visited an asylum house for `` unaccompanied refugee children '' in the stockholm metropolitan area . 
  karim ageri , who claimed to be 16 years old , groped one of the girls , who climbed out a window to get away from him . 
  ageri then followed her , and slashed her face twice with a knife . 
  the prosecutor in the case argued that ageri is at least 21 years old , and should therefore be tried as an adult and , after serving his sentence , deported . 
  however , the municipal court did not agree , and sentenced the algerian to juvenile detention . 
  the court of appeals increased the sentence to 18 months in prison , followed by deportation . 
  prosecutor my hedstr\u00f6m says she is now looking forward to having the case tried by the supreme court , to get a precedent on how `` refugee children '' who commit serious crimes should be handled legally . 
  may 4 : the national board of health and welfare reported that the large number of asylum seekers who arrived in sweden in 2015 has put a huge strain on swedish healthcare services , especially primary care , dental care and psychiatry . 
  language barriers , combined with a shortage of interpreters , exacerbates the problem . 
  many asylum seekers have bad teeth , and 20-30 % are thought to have psychiatric problems . 
  increased pressure on the health service has led to a shortage of hospital beds , limited availability and longer waits . 
  may 5 : five `` unaccompanied refugee children '' suspected of gross sexual coercion were apprehended , and remanded into custody . 
  the suspects , who claim to be in their mid-teens , allegedly assaulted a young man at the asylum house where all of them were staying . 
  the crime was initially classified as rape , but later changed to gross sexual coercion , aggravated assault and unlawful threats . 
  may 5 : khalid salim tarabeih , 20 , was sentenced to 18 months in prison for child rape . 
  according to the indictment , tarabeih promised to buy alcohol for a 14-year-old girl , but once they were alone in a wooded area , he demanded sex in return . 
  he told the girl he had served time for violent crimes , which scared her to the point of not daring to resist him as he raped her . 
  since tarabeih is a swedish citizen , he can not be deported . 
  may 8 : the swedish media almost never reports on the violence and misogyny in immigrant-heavy areas of sweden , but the norwegian television channel nrk aired a story on the infamous stockholm suburb of rinkeby , and showed how their own reporters had been attacked there . 
  in the segment , a police officer talked about how the police are losing control of the swedish `` no-go zones , '' a point that was proven by norwegian journalists being attacked and subjected to stone throwing . '', 
  gatestoneinstitute, 
  `` february 1 . 
  a 40-year-old asylum seeker from syria kissed a 7-year-old boy at a bus stop in gaildorf . 
  february 2 . 
  two `` dark skinned '' ( dunklere gesichtsfarbe ) men assaulted a 31-year-old woman , who was nine months pregnant , in the parking lot of a supermarket in schweinfurt . 
  a 26-year-old migrant using several different identities assaulted three women on a train in berlin . 
  two `` dark skinned '' ( dunklem hauttyp ) men assaulted a 14-year-old girl on a school bus in eslohe . 
  february 3 . 
  three afghan migrants sexually assaulted two 14-year-old girls from france at a public swimming pool in munich . 
  a 16-year-old migrant assaulted a 16-year-old girl at a swimming pool in heidenheim . 
  an 18-year-old libyan migrant attempted to rape a 25-year-old woman in leipzig . 
  a `` southern looking man '' ( s\u00fcdl\u00e4ndisch aussehend ) exposed himself to passengers on a regional train in harburg . 
  february 4 . 
  a 29-year-old migrant from nigeria raped a 21-year-old woman at a carnival celebration in schlo\u00df holte-stukenbrock . 
  a 25-year-old asylum seeker from syria assaulted two women at the same carnival . 
  more than 20 women were sexually assaulted during carnival celebrations in cologne . 
  a syrian migrant sexually assaulted a 49-year-old woman after a carnival in bad reichenhall . 
  a 29-year-old migrant assaulted a woman after a carnival in dinslaken . 
  an eritrean migrant who assaulted two women in zeithain was freed after a judge determined the man was drunk when he committed the crimes . 
  a `` southerner '' ( s\u00fcdl\u00e4nder ) assaulted a young woman in elsfleth . 
  february 5 . 
  groups of north african migrants assaulted women at carnival celebrations in downtown cologne . 
  two migrants sexually assaulted a 16-year-old girl in straubing . 
  a migrant assaulted a 19-year-old woman in villingen-schwenningen . 
  two `` arabic looking '' ( arabisch aussehend ) men assaulted a 13-year-old girl in klietz . 
  february 11 . 
  a 36-year-old asylum seeker raped a 14-year-old girl at a migrant shelter in braunschweig . '', 
  february 12 . 
  a `` dark skinned '' ( dunkle teint ) sexually assaulted a boy at a swimming pool in nordenham . 
  a migrant assaulted a boy at a swimming pool in nordenham .
