  another family member got killed by soviet partisans cuz he was a moron and joined the nazis . 
  ussr influenced yugoslavia and its politics to an extent . 
  yugoslav-soviet split ( tito-stalin ) , anyone ? 
  trade deals ? 
  albania ? 
  space programs ? 
  and the list goes on and on ... sighs , slovenians, 
  i see your pasty czech tushes on the coast . 
  can spot you out of the plane . 
  soak up the sun , you oppressed tushes . 
  xochitl . 
  it 's a cool language . 
  i think i 've heard of a nahuatl dictionary coming out a few years ago . 
  why would i love the whole wide world ? 
  i 'll never meet everyone on the planet . 
  i care more about the serbs then the germans . 
  why would n't i ? 
  serbs are slavic , most germans are not and i am not into hyphenated ethnicity . 
  i care more about slavs because i grew up on slavic customs , culture , slavic lore , folk dances , stories , russian classics , macedonian wine , bulgarian candy , croatian flu meds , bosnian songs , herzegovina jokes , yugoslav history , and what you want me to drop it all for what ... global multiculturalism which i 've never known as much as i know the depth of russian poetry , the smile of an ukrainian woman , generosity of a slovak house , the touch of a slavic mother . 
  do n't worry . 
  they just bark a lot . 
  there are large czech communities in croatia since decades , centuries ago . 
  there are ceska obec , beseda , czech language schools . 
  trades , festivals , cultural festivals in my home town . 
  http://www.ceska-beseda-zg.hr/hr/ you love us , do n't lie . 
  come now , come on over to the cro dark side , do n't hang out with the peasants . 
  lel cheers , all the best . 
  many jokes and souvenirs . 
  i dunno , these days it 's `` supremacy '' according to some . 
  i love russia as well !, 
  we 're all from the same ethnic-linguistic group ; slavs . 
  mexico has a more complex ethnic groups background due to it 's history , and last time i was there you have indigenous languages active and peoples that do n't speak or write spanish . 
  not everyone is in the eu , nor does everyone want to be . 
  croatia , slovenia , bulgaria , poland , slovakia , czech republic are . 
  russia loves russia . 
  be honest . 
  we are all slavic , one ethno-linguistic family , indo-european . 
  we always get along ... well , even when we kill each other . 
  it 's a special kind of love . 
  slavic languages have common words , roots , linguistics but also differences . 
  croatian and serbian and bosnian are alike but still have various differences and different words let 's say a towel in croatian is rucnik , and in serbian is peskir etc. 
  different grammar structures also . 
  i can comprehend macedonian to a certain degree , or get the meanings out of context , but i am not fluent in it . 
  i can understand bulgarian the least i think . 
  they were influenced by turkish language during ottoman occupation so dropped some grammar structures i think . 
  we can understand each other 's languages to a certain degree to put it in simple terms since it 's the same linguistic group . 
  while i am closer to neighbor slav countries in culture , language , customs than other slavs , we do all mostly get along abroad if not at home . 
  i do feel closer to slavs than to other ethnic groups in europe , naturally , since some of our histories are closely tied and since the rest of europe was at times terrified of us . 
  `` the slavic states comprise over 50 % of the territory of europe . 
  [ 2 ] present-day slavic people are classified into west slavs ( chiefly poles , czechs and slovaks ) , east slavs ( chiefly russians , belarusians , and ukrainians ) , and south slavs ( chiefly serbs , croats , bosniaks , macedonians , slovenes , montenegrins of the former yugoslavia and bulgarians ) . 
  [ 3 ] '' wikipedia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavs yeah , we travel to each others countries , you kind of have to if you have friends in another slavic country or you get de-friended ( and i am not talking the facebook level of de-friending ) . 
  i love the slavic soul/spirit , and the slavic culture was/is important to my family and was taught to appreciate our peoples everywhere . 
  learn something new . 
  he never sold anything to anyone , not his fault some are oh so full of themselves they fall into their own ditch . 
  vidimo se na dunavu batthyany : see you at drava . 
  jela\u010di\u0107 : no need to tire yourself , see you at the danube . '', 
  would not be the first time you sold your soul . 
  bitch please , the google translate said it was so it is . 
  you 're right . 
  give credit where credit is due ... trotsky -- speshal speshal cupcake . 
  i knew it . 
  always . 
  never fails . 
  lmao . 
  mother is `` mama '' ( latin mamma for `` tit '' ) in your silly language so everyone knows what you 're saying . 
  besides , just the sound of your language is insulting to foreign ears anyways . 
  worst leaders -- hitler ( if only he was a better painter ... we shall never know ) , mussolini ( from a communist to a fascist , pretty much sums up political theory ) , stalin ( speshal cupcake ) , lenin ( oh boy , speshal snowflake ) , ceausescu ( severe issues cupcake ) , well the list goes on . 
  best leaders -- `` those who let the people think at the end `` we did it all ourselves '' '' hence we do n't and never had such leaders . 
  well , maybe josip broz tito , mind you was also a speshal cupcake , but he did understand the folk . 
  hehe . 
  joan of arc ( okay , so she did n't lead a country ) . 
  they should sing in their kilts . 
  sour brits are sour . 
  and again , you do n't seem to comprehend anything ... sighs . 
  eish , euro-snowflakes and their `` education . '', 
  http://www.newstatesman.com/society/2010/12/british-eugenics-disabled https://www.jstor.org/stable/284693 eugenics in britain http://www.sciencemuseum.org.uk/broughttolife/techniques/eugenics you do comprehend that it would have been impossible to slaughter all eastern europeans even for the `` uber germans '' just because lil germ wanted more yard space . 
  lmao , but hey we do love to wipe the floor with them every now and then . 
  there were eastern european/slavic supremacist ideas long before hitler , and there were allies with nazis in order to serve ee interests one way or another . 
  ah , brits and their world-wide known comprehension skills . 
  yeah , the british empire was lovely ... snorts . 
  it 's okay , nobody is perfect . 
  ever heard of germanisation ? 
  thanks , you lil germs/austrians . 
  hahaha, 
  it will get better ... hmmm , or you 'll get booed like russia was . 
  historically , every country on earth has so many butchers and there 's butcherings going on nowadays around so it 's not like you 're the speshalist evil that ever eviled . 
  why you laugh ? 
  there were jewish nazis , japanese nazis , chinese nazis , muslim nazis , slavic nazis etc. . . 
  i do n't think you understand the various cognitive dissonance behind why some join extremists subgroups and since you still do n't comprehend the causes , you will always only deal with effects without any present or future solutions . 
  every neo-snowflake thinks they 're an exception , and/or just use the national socialism ideas for their own people not the freaking germans ... speaking of genocide and other unsavory things , eugenics movement was first brought up in britain , sweetie . 
  now now , i am sure you remember nazi british and today 's neo-nazi brits . 
  oh well , i am sure all `` radicals '' just need to be integrated , like radical muslims , if you just hug them hard enough they 'll stop bombing , raping , fgm , stone throwing , acid throwing , and other islamophobia enforcing actions . 
  birtijski mudrac - wise guy from the local bar \u0161ank filozof -- bar philosopher seoski mudrac -- village wise guy de\u017eurni kriti\u010dar -- designated critic , on call critic kriti\u010dar iz fotelje -- a critic from his sofa/armchair 's ( view ) mudrijas -- a wiseass when a group of people start giving you unsolicited advice or mess in your business -- `` puno baba kilava djeca '' too many hags , the children are cranky, 
  perhaps the english do n't have grape jelly because they 're sour enough without it . 
  the only thing good about hungarians , is the possibility of slavic genes in them . 
  nobody can understand your silly language , it sounds like you 're choking on a sock . 
  oh please , come now , goulash is n't hungarian . 
  and we all know that best paprika comes from slavonia . 
  it 's okay , you can come and eat real gourmet food in the nearest slavic country from your yard ... and god only knows , you 're practically surrounded by slavs . 
  mwhahahaha,
