  it ai n't happening no matter how many frequent flyer miles and mantras you attain ,, 
  yeah , slavery , like i said . 
  slav in-fights pain me * clutches a flower crown *, 
  `` just kidding , you naive peasant slaves . '', 
  croatia 's constitution, 
   civilized people heh , thanks , russia . 
  we try ... * swings to another tree for better internet connection *, 
  * sheds another tear * thank you . 
  * sheds a tear * thank you . 
  oh please , we 're always in economic troubles , it 's a lifestyle , stop judging . 
  jeez . 
  the islands are so peaceful , i am betting the second coming will occur there . 
  heh http://www.croatia.hr/ homeland war in croatia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatian_war_of_independence is n't the same enchilada as bosnian war . 
  not the same countries either ... just to make sure . 
  sure , some politicians in serbia wake up early in the morning and hallucinate a croatian pigeon shitting in their soup but mental illness should not be judged ... lel . 
  do n't worry , we 've survived romans , turks , austrians , hungarians , french , british , italians , `` yugoslavs '' , nazis , commies , fascists , hippies , even our own self-governing and you will be safe here like a piglet in a blanket . 
  i am sure we will survive eu economic baloney as well ... er , * prays to pagan gods , safety in numbers and all that * the food is delicious , the women are prettier than in the west , and if you just ignore the bureaucracy as much as possible , you 'll be fine . 
  the same way i feel about snails without tiny houses . 
  be glad they have it . 
  hehehe, 
  croatia 's coast or islands . 
  we 're destined to be a pensioner 's retreat hot-spot anyways . 
  lel i 'd chose romania though . 
  i like vampires . 
  you forgot ... 40 %, 
  yeah , i see . 
  oh , think of the halloween parties . 
  hehe, 
  do n't hold back now , do n't repress ... 
  facts are n't discrimination nor racism nor whatever else you 're imagining . 
  i say everything honest and factual about every `` ethnic group '' on the planet , just check my comments , lel . 
  if you want to ignore romas ' continued refusal to stop sending their kids to beg , steal , cheat , and skip school then by all means you must be the new `` totes not racist , patronizing white savior that does n't hold anyone responsible for their actions and lifestyle but of course the evil `` oppressors '' or ethnic majority in a certain country or region '' '' please , stop projecting your ignorance onto me . 
  thanks . 
  i at least grew up with roma communities right across my house . 
  but they 're adorable and creepy . 
  no , seriously , a bit strange compared to the `` origin '' modeled after , but still interesting . 
  you need to worry about the riots et al in america and not online bashing . 
  ah , germans . 
  it 's called being a realist , and not taking drugs and making up fantasies about other countries , peoples , etc. 
  facing the negative , dissolves it . 
  ignoring it , makes it stay for a longer time than necessary . 
  i love fucked up us , fucked up mexico , fucked up europe the same way i love fantasy us , fantasy mexico , fantasy europe and their peoples . 
  the bad balances things out . 
  without the bad , you do n't understand or know the good . 
  for crying out loud , negative and positive give birth to each other , need each other . 
  it 's like an sjw needs a racist to be anti-racist and moralist and preachy and over the top dramatic and invent fake racist stories to get onto internet hall of fame for the 26 seconds that the average hipster can hold attention for . 
  i am a shiny ball of love and fluff , and it hurts me you only read my `` negative '' bits . 
  * triggered * * grows mushroom in a corner * i apologize , i forgot to take my meds that i got in the states . 
  let me guess ... some are roma kids , perhaps ??? 
  you have n't seen anything , yet . 
  god bless their entrepreneurship . 
  lel mind you , once i saw them leave a kid without shoes or a coat in the middle of winter to beg , and lost my cool ... police love to deal with them . 
  oh well , now they 're `` oppressed '' and a new social justice business is booming around them yet again . 
  i guess the social housing , benefits , programs , free assistants in schools is so opreshunz . 
  [ thompson . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwptoakpivq ) lmao, 
  yeah , it should be motherland, 
  can someone explain to me why i go around saying `` mother russia '' ? 
  croatia 's current schemes : medical `` check-ups '' that are n't authorized by the ministry of health and then they sell to people various `` magnetic mattresses '' , `` pillows '' `` creams '' and whatnot . 
  the companies magically vanish over night , people ca n't return the purchase , get wrong stuff delivered , get overpriced things from the local store or made in china product that costed much less . 
  sometimes they send you something and charge you even if you never order anything . 
  old people get tricked by this crap more often it seems . 
  other scams : magical `` natural '' medicine but there 's nothing natural in it nor is it medicine in any field and sometimes it 's just vaseline or something , and people get loans for the magical cancer cure or whatnot and it does n't work of course . 
  you ca n't even get a placebo effect with this crap , pffft . 
  mobile/internet/phone companies door to door pestilence , tells you one thing , you sign the contract and then you have 14 days or less to change the contract to something you never wanted in the first place . 
  most of these salesmen know nothing about basic facts either . 
  meh , everything is scam , some are just more elaborate . 
  lel oh the `` charity '' ones piss me to no ends ... urgh . 
  top lulz, 
  croatian islands inhabitants `` dialects '' ... 
  i do n't understand a god damn word ... ehehe, 
  much zen . 
  but why strangers wanted to stop and chat i do n't know . 
  i think they 're kind of very lonely over there in the states . 
  it 's hard being lonely in europe when most of us have contacts with everyone we ever met since the age of 7 ( and you ca n't get rid of your family , even if you 're not in the mafia ) , and in the states they all move around for work , education , etc and lose touch with friends , family , their `` home '' cities/towns etc. 
  it must be difficult on the psyche . 
  * sniffles *, 
  yeah , two years . 
  you got ta immerse yourself in the culture , be one with the natives ... steal their land and drink their root beers ... or was it steal their root bears ? 
  i keep forgetting . 
  oh , i love american creepy `` styled like a mansion in europe but never been to a mansion or to europe '' houses , it 's spectacular !, 
  such try , not much success , but i kept expecting to see ghosts at the window anyways . 
  you 're right . 
  dunno why the euros and ameros are down-voting you but then again they 're all sensitive snowflakes . 
  the heartlands of tornado , lel , midwest , two years . 
  went to il , ka , mo , iowa , oklahoma ( actually quite charming and lovely nature , went to a tiny lake and have no idea where and which one exactly , lmao ) . 
  some of the super tiny towns actually look like those `` west '' cowboy towns to a certain degree . 
  it was hilarious at first . 
  the cities were cute , but somehow all of them start to look alike after a while . 
  way too many shopping malls , centers everywhere . 
  oh , once you past the tiny towns or between tiny towns and cities there is a crapton of nature and the stars at night are all visible and it 's like they 're touching you ... touch touch touch . 
  wow . 
  yaaaawn i 'd stick with your david icke . 
  he knows what 's going on more than your `` zcience '' dudes do . 
  usa -- boring , too many fake people pretending to be something they 're not , too many drug users ( legal and illegal drug ) , too much crime , too much celeb worship , too many religious cults , everyone has some kind of `` condition '' ( the pharma and the shrinks must be making billions over there ) mexico -- too much traffic everywhere , too much corruption , everything take fucking ages , petty crime , narcos supported by the us and mexico ... sighs , nice nature , lovely people but a bit apathetic , great food , cool cultural things , way too superstitious new zealand -- lovely nature edit : feelings , national pride and bald headed eagles have been hurt therefore ... 
  us : oh ye of the freest freedom , your curiosity and love handles leave me speechless . 
  thank you for saving the world from itself over and over again . 
  you are my secret number one ... xoxoxoxo, 
  just import muslims like germany . 
  we are all the same ... cologne women know more about it .
