  a 30-year-old german , originally from turkmenistan , raped a seven-year-old girl in kiel . 
  the man kidnapped the girl from a school playground at 11am , took her to his apartment and , after abusing her , set her free . 
  it later emerged that the man had been accused of sexually assaulting a five-year-old girl at another kindergarten in kiel on january 18 , but due to insufficient evidence , the public prosecutors failed to pursue the case . 
  also on january 31 , four unidentified migrants ( ausl\u00e4ndischem aussehen ) sexually assaulted a 17-year-old woman in vilshofen . 
  an unidentified `` dark skinned '' ( dunkelh\u00e4utig ) man assaulted a woman in villingen . 
  two north african migrants sexually assaulted two 15-year-old girls in salzgitter . '', 
  opinion ? 
  lmao ... `` sexual violence in germany has skyrocketed since angela merkel allowed more than one million mostly male migrants from africa , asia and the middle east into the country . 
  the crimes are being downplayed by the authorities , apparently to avoid fueling anti-immigration sentiments . 
  `` the moment they [ male migrants ] see a young woman wearing a skirt or any type of loose clothing , they believe they have a free pass . '', 
  -- restaurant owner at a mall in kiel . 
  `` every police officer knows he has to meet a particular political expectation . 
  it is better to keep quiet [ about migrant crime ] because you can not go wrong . '', 
  -- rainer wendt , head of the german police union . 
  police are warning about a potential breakdown of public order this summer , when women who are lightly dressed are confronted by young male migrants . 
  police in cologne received more than 1,000 complaints from women , including 454 reports of sexual assaults , related to new year 's eve . 
  police in hamburg received complaints from 351 women , including 218 reports of sexual assault that took place on the same evening . 
  a mob of asylum seekers from afghanistan assaulted three teenage girls at a shopping center in the northern german city of kiel . 
  the attack -- which occurred over two-hours on the evening of february 25 , and mirrored the mass assaults of german women in cologne on new year 's eve -- shows , once again , that public spaces in germany are becoming increasingly perilous for women and children . 
  police reports show that sexual violence in germany has skyrocketed since chancellor angela merkel allowed more than one million mostly male migrants from africa , asia and the middle east into the country . 
  but the crimes are being played down by german authorities , apparently to avoid fueling anti-immigration sentiments . 
  police in kiel say the assault began at around 5:30 pm , when two afghan males ( aged 19 and 26 ) began stalking and photographing three girls ( aged 15 , 16 and 17 ) at a food court in the sophienhof , a large shopping center near the city 's central train station . 
  after posting photographs of the girls on social media , the two men were quickly joined by at least 30 other migrants who began collectively to harass the girls in a muslim `` rape game '' known in arabic as `` taharrush '' ( al-taharrush al-jinsi , arabic for `` sexual harassment '' ) . 
  when police arrived , the migrants , rather than running way , began verbally and physically abusing the officers , some of whom were injured . 
  it took police two hours to restore order . 
  the initial two perpetrators , asylum seekers from afghanistan , were arrested ; the other migrants involved in the incident remain at large . 
  at a news conference on february 27 , police spokesman oliver pohl revealed that more women are now coming forward to report similar experiences at the sophienhof . 
  the owner of a restaurant at the mall said : `` groups of young men gather at the sophienhof every evening . 
  what they do here is unacceptable . 
  the moment they see a young woman wearing a skirt or any type of loose clothing , they believe they have a free pass . 
  it is about time migrants are made to understand : things in germany function differently than in their home countries . '', 
  in an interview with kieler nachrichten , the local leader of the free democrats ( fdp ) , wolfgang kubicki , expressed dismay at the deteriorating security situation in kiel : `` it can not be that girls and women , as well as their parents or spouses , should be afraid in public spaces . 
  people are asking : if you are no longer safe in sophienhof , where then ? 
  `` the perpetrators must be brought to justice . 
  we must not create the impression that perpetrators will go unpunished for such assaults . 
  turning a blind eye to such incidents is the opposite of integration and ultimately leads to the creation of parallel societies . 
  `` it starts with small things . 
  time and again i keep hearing from the police how disrespectful young migrants are towards the officers . 
  we have to support our security forces and reverse the loss of confidence in the police and judiciary . 
  otherwise we risk citizens taking the law into their own hands . 
  i do not want to see vigilantes patrolling our streets . '', 
  kubicki was referring to revelations that politicians in kiel ordered the city police to overlook many of the crimes perpetrated by migrants . 
  a document leaked to the newspaper bild in late january showed that the orders were given in october 2015 , when more than 10,000 migrants were entering germany each day . 
  according to bild , police in north rhine-westphalia and lower saxony have also been instructed to be lenient to criminal migrants . 
  meanwhile , the raping and assaulting of german women and children by migrants and refugees -- german police often refer to them by using politically correct euphemisms such as `` southerners '' ( s\u00fcdl\u00e4nder ) , men with `` dark skin '' ( dunkelh\u00e4utig , dunklere gesichtsfarbe , dunklem hauttyp ) or a combination of the two : `` southern skin color '' ( s\u00fcdl\u00e4ndische hautfarbe ) -- continues apace ( see appendix below ) . 
  left : at least 30 male migrants assaulted three girls ( aged 15 , 16 and 17 ) at the sophienhof mall in kiel , germany , on february 25 . 
  only two of the men were arrested by police . 
  right : in the first two months of this year alone , there have been dozens of reported cases of migrants sexually assaulting women and children at public swimming pools across germany . 
  in some areas , authorities have distributed cartoon guides , to `` educate '' migrants that sexual assault is not acceptable . 
  reliable statistics on sexual crimes committed by migrants are notoriously elusive . 
  german authorities have repeatedly been accused of underreporting the true scale of the crime problem in the country . 
  for example , up to 90 % of the sex crimes committed in germany in 2014 do not appear in the official statistics , according to andr\u00e9 schulz , the head of the association of criminal police ( bund deutscher kriminalbeamter , bdk ) . 
  on february 25 , the newspaper , die welt , reported that authorities in the german state of hesse were suppressing information about migrant-related crimes , ostensibly due to a `` lack of public interest . '', 
  on january 24 , die welt reported that the suppression of data about migrant criminality is a `` germany-wide phenomenon . '', 
  muah poland . 
  i love you too . 
  i do not care about any western `` zuperpower '' karma is for everyone , and it 's but a lesson to be learned . 
  it 's for the `` small '' and for the `` big . '', 
  but , truth be told , revenge is n't justice since you seem to be into raping for justice for past and/or present events . 
  besides by that `` logic '' men should be getting raped and not women ... western countries did pay for many toilets in various shitholes and reparations so it 's far more than muslims ever did for the consequences of ottoman empire 's centuries of enslavement , than african countries ever id for their own slavery present and past or their yearly ethnic butchering and the list goes on , oh noble and concerned moralist . 
  poland , our broz , there 's nothing to be humble about in croatia . 
  everyone could see through the lie . 
  thank you . 
  being offensive is a democratic right , as is being offended so enjoy your offended tender spots and apply soothing balms . 
  that they 're all boring and freezing to death, 
  protective of women ? 
  by banning them their rights , raping them , killing them , beating them , considering them husband 's and/or father 's property ... that 's `` traditional '' ???? 
  lmao . 
  please , educate yourself . 
  women had to always protect themselves and so your `` ideas '' and illusions about men ever protecting women are hilarious . 
  women worked in all fields or at least tried to until they were forcibly stopped or rumors were spread about working women by men and religion and usual back-boneless vermin . 
  men have always disrespected , spat , and walked all over women and their work . 
  cowards , always were and will be . 
  a hapsburg queen started education reforms the then hapsburg lands . 
  http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/0030923700100303?journalcode=cpdh20 female miners were ridiculed and proclaimed `` immoral '' http://www.historyextra.com/feature/scandal-female-miners-19th-century-britain http://sourcebooks.fordham.edu/mod/1842womenminers.asp, 
  blame it on queen maria theresa and her reforms http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/0030923700100303?journalcode=cpdh20, 
  yep ... help , anyone , help us ... lulz, 
  about time , chickenshits ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukaqx74yryc, 
  so the fact that the german police , swedish police were hiding reports on rapes and/or sexual harassment by migrants ... means what exactly ? 
  ah , my little euro snowflakes , everything has consequences ... 
  lets just focus on the third world then ... nah , wait , not very pc either these days . 
  i 'd say vatican , most of them are not reproducing humans ... 
  oh look , it 's france and their burkini gate . 
  hint for the frenchies ; ban terrorists and/or deport them . 
  and what are traditional gender roles ? 
  those times when women were denied votes , or the times when they were denied bank accounts ? 
  or what ? 
  women worked before in fields , on farms , taking care of animals , crops , children if that 's what you mean by `` traditional roles and times '' ... they even worked in mines before and today . 
  they even went to wars , past and present ... ah well , forgot history taught in schools is just full of women and their stories ... not . 
  amazons were misandrist ... lmao, 
  `` your opinion/experience '' was this not clear enough ? 
  subjective impression , point of view , perspective , personal experience ... 
  i am not asking for stats , graphs , diagrams and freaking research reports . 
  war is lucrative for elites . 
  it 's expensive for everyone else , and yet all want a piece of the pie . 
  to be blunt , usually people think all the `` sides '' and tribez ( western and non ) involved are a bunch of savages , greedy egomaniacs , primitives , butchers , murderers , etc. 
  do n't worry , slavs believe in `` karma '' so you all will meet face to face with what you did . 
  do n't worry , post-communist countries are taught all about the colonial butchering cuz the communists before ( and today ) never let anyone forget what the west did ... hehehehe well , we also learn about commie butchering as well . 
  oh , just give them some time ... ehehehe, 
  well , in croatia it 's usually ... croatian , english , french or german or spanish ( depends on school sometimes you 're offered russian , hungarian , japanese , korean , chinese , portuguese etc ) , if you 're going to a foreign languages focused high school then you 're taking three to four languages i think plus latin for two years ...
