  the illustrations in this 1922 edition are by croatian artist vladimir kirin . '', 
  http://publicdomainreview.org/collections/croatian-tales-of-long-ago-1922/ i adore all slavic myths and tales and creatures , especially the psychological depictions of fragmented human consciousness and the unconscious . 
  http://publicdomainreview.org/collections/cossack-fairy-tales-1916/ `` mat zemlya , or mati syra zemlya ( literally damp mother earth ) , is the oldest deity in slavic mythology , her identity later blended into that of mokosh . 
  in the early middle ages , mati syra zemlya was one of the most important deities in the slavic world . 
  oaths were made binding by touching the earth and sins were confessed into a hole in the earth before death . 
  she was worshipped in her natural form and was not given a human personage or likeness . 
  since the adoption of christianity in all slavic lands , she has been identified with mary , the mother of jesus . '', 
  `` moko\u0161 ( old russian \u041c\u043e\u043a\u043e\u0448\u044c ) is a slavic goddess mentioned in the primary chronicle , protector of women 's work and women 's destiny.she watches over spinning and weaving , shearing of sheep , and protects women in child birth . 
  mokosh is the handmaiden of mat zemlya . 
  archeological evidence of mokosh dates back to the 7th century bc . 
  as late as the 19th century , she was worshipped as a force of fertility and the ruler of death . 
  worshipers prayed to mokosh-stones or breast-shaped boulders that held power over the land and its people . 
  in eastern europe and especially in modern day russia , mokosh is still popular as a powerful life giving force and protector of women . 
  villages are named after her . 
  she shows up in embroidery , represented as a woman with uplifted hands and flanked by two plow horses.sometimes she is shown with male sexual organs , as the deity in charge of male potency '', 
  i wonder why ... `` slavic languages be like ... belarusian : \u0447\u0430\u0439 ( \u010daj ) bosnian : \u010daj bulgarian : \u0447\u0430\u0439 ( cha\u012d ) croatian : \u010daj czech : \u010daj macedonian : \u0447\u0430\u0458 ( \u010daj ) russian : \u0447\u0430\u0439 ( chay ) serbian : \u0447\u0430\u0458 ( \u010daj ) slovak : \u010daj slovenian : \u010daj ukrainian : \u0447\u0430\u0439 ( chay\u0306 ) polish : ... czech : no . 
  no , you do n't polish : * breathes in * polish : herbata rest of family : you rebelious little shit ... '', 
  i just use my don corleone accent . 
  never heard any italians complaining . 
  cause we 're all yugoslav bros and sisters speaking slavic . 
  muah, 
  ouch , good one, 
  yeah , we use them to store food , fridges , corpses etc. 
  you bizarre swiss cheese cube , have an up-vote yourself , you generous cupcake . 
  dude , we got fucked by east and the west , we 're totes in touch with everything multicultural and beyond . 
  our rectum hurts , but such is life and history . 
  aloe helps . 
  it 's kind of natural that everyone keeps to the `` center '' of their own neck of the woods , does n't mean nobody is aware of other hoods . 
  i give more of a fuck about my country since it 's kind of relevant to know whats going on here first and then other places . 
  mind you , i believe in metaphysics more than macro/micro/nano economics so i am a self-obsessed nut . 
  hehehe edit ; just remembered the republic of dubrovnik had trade outposts in india/hindustan centuries ago . 
  do or do not , there is no try . 
  i am fully croatian ( born and living in croatia ) , you complete idiot . 
  no need for the usual inferiority complexes about not being from the usa . 
  keep that for the actual americans , and your other life 's frustrations online . 
  nobody with a formed brain cell ever thought that , hence the centuries and centuries of international trades since we discovered a raft to get us over a fucking body of water , you delusional , paranoid , ignorant snowflake . 
  not the first nor the last time we 've had these `` new '' scenarios on the planet . 
  god almighty , stop with the drama already . 
  chillax , grab a cup of green tea , embrace the zen within you , find the nirvana ( the point where you do n't exist and yet exist ) ... meditate , embrace the asian culture , you supremacist swiss cheese . 
  sarcasm escapes you , eh ? 
  dats the language of dah opreshorz , yo !, 
  * worst period of history * roflmao dah wurld is ending , dah wurld is ending !!!!, 
  gaaaaaaaah, 
  are you telling me you do n't have polish factories at all , or homemade family businesses around ? 
  do n't be lazy , there 's the internet , there 's grannies selling stuff at the markets etc. 
  sure , some chinese products may be cheaper but if most of them are of lower quality then it 's better as a consumer to spend a bit more on a local or other foreign product with higher quality since nobody is that rich to only buy cheap crap as the saying goes . 
  the cheap might mean the consumer has more to spend on other things , services , but at the expense of what else besides money etc etc ? 
  got ta love `` economics '' ... * prays to pagan gods for more euros * lel, 
  your addiction to limited research , half-assed comprehension and clinging to biased sources with invested interest in creating only one narrow comprehension of the state of economic realities around the world is showing . 
  ah well , we all chose which fairy-tales to believe . 
  i am telling you some are living in worse conditions than during the 20th century , but the overwhelming amount of travel , research and comprehension of what `` economy '' means in academic , metaphoric , layman 's various definitions means would take an hour to sum up ad i am too lazy for that . 
  fractional pov is just fractional . 
  stop buying junk then, 
  cause we know that with cheaper labor you also need relatively efficient , well-educated labor as well to ensure the quality of the end cheaper products and overall productivity . 
  omfg , the whites are keeping everyone down with not publicly discoursing about asian discourse ... forgive them , all father , for they know not what they 're doing ... * joins opus dei for the self-flagellation parties *, 
  naive summer child . 
  the economies of asia are n't rising , sweetie . 
  some might be bubbling , but as we know the bubbles were made to burst . 
  all that rises must fall , all that is fallen must rise . 
  i understand every human being , and no i did n't travel to india to find my inner snowflake self and mantra all day long in order to say to my western buddies how enlightened i am to the point of losing all the mars choco bars extra weight . 
  asia and i are one . 
  like the tao , we flow together and are together as the all-mother gives rise to ten thousand things . 
  well that escalated ... gon na need a bouquet, 
  united you stand , divided you fall ... 
  exactly !, 
  we know !, 
  the choco-hazelnut is the best one . 
  gim me all the warm , delicious pastry from the local pastry-bakery shop before bird food with cold milk ... 
  i hope not , bird food is n't my thing . 
  well , okay , this is what our kids grow up on ( cereal flakes ) and adults that ca n't resist it but it 's more of a dessert/kid food than breakfast cereal to us http://www.podravka.com/products/cokolesnik/, 
  you 're welcome . 
  i studied outside of europe , lmao . 
  do spain and portugal tourist boards pay people to come and promote them , or is everyone just very lazy , and parrots what they heard 20 years ago ? 
  the info is out there . 
  shush now , i do n't want romania overcrowded , let spain and portugal take most of the `` expats . '', 
  ehehehehe, 
  i love you too finland . 
  make sure to come to croatia , spend your money , eat all the delicious sea food , and not get charged for the ice in your water . 
  everything is legal in croatia , mofo . 
  you just need to know the right people ... hint : the right people are on the croatian currency . 
  mostly males . 
  do n't make me start pooping on portugal and spain , it 's against my traditional upbringing and will make my socialist grandmother sad since she 'd say `` slay them with a fork '' like the partisans did and this is the online world . 
  kolinda grabar kitarovic , she goes around , gets things done and makes us look good . 
  we 're the most outgoing , hospitable twats in the world especially if you 're from slavonia . 
  i 've had people ask me abroad if everyone in croatia was as `` kind '' as i am ... ahaha , no seriously , i do n't even consider myself kind since i do n't have much of a filter , lel . 
  it depends , sometimes you need to small talk in order to avoid a bigger elephant , unpleasant topic . 
  it 's okay to smile at strangers in smaller cities , towns , villages since otherwise you 'll end up a lonely hermit in low population areas growing cannabis in your attic and posting ufo theories online . 
  i smile at the service people , then again after a while you get to know them so they 're not exactly strangers anymore . 
  true friend ; tells you when you fuck up , tells you when you did good , and does the small talk when something shitty happens . 
  you have n't missed much . 
  run !, 
  you do have a lot in common . 
  roflmao i love europe so much . 
  sometimes , but nothing over the top from what i 've seen so far . 
  then again , i guess sometimes they 're more direct than slavs with their questions when communicating with strangers/someone you recently met etc. 
  i like their curiosity and/or enthusiasm , but we 're not cousins just because i told them were the nearest tattoo shop/hotel/bar / tourist stand is . 
  also , for the love of all that is holy , they need to slow down when drinking foreign liquor they 're not accustomed to . 
  tourists . 
  oh , and no offense the whole `` i am traveling to find my inner self and oasis of spiritual re-connection with my ancestors/angels/whatnot hippie derpderp '' is a bit too much sometimes . 
  be honest , you 're looking for a quick solution to all your life 's worries like the rest of the planet .
