  is poland accused for allying with germany , like the ussr did ? 
  the truth of the matter is that polish power has been the most duplicitous , most kniving , power in europe since formation of the duchy . 
  yeah ... except of that that poles signed pact also with ussr . . wonder why you didnt ' mentioned it ? 
    the truth of the matter is that polish power has been the most duplicitous , most kniving , power in europe since formation of the duchy . 
  yeah , tell that to yourself ...  but the polish love for money and catholicism got the best of them . 
  okay ...  maybe enemy to polish aristocracy 's power , but how an enemy to the people ? 
  okay ... 
   ** the duma has urged european parliaments to intervene on poland 's new laws which allow the removal of monuments to soviet soldiers , which moscow has called a `` blasphemous '' insult to their memory . 
  **  last month , polish president andrzej duda signed into effect `` de-communisation laws '' banning communist propaganda and allowing monuments which glorify totalitarian regimes to be removed . 
   `` the desire of unscrupulous politicians to rewrite history ... is growing before our very eyes , '' the russian parliament , called the duma , said in a statement . 
   the duma said warsaw was undermining soviet russia 's `` decisive contribution '' to driving nazi german forces out of poland towards the end of wwii . 
   `` the ussr paid an immense price for the liberation of poland , losing over 600,000 soviet soldiers and officers , who died in engagements with the enemy in the territory of poland and were buried there , '' the russian foreign ministry said . 
   poland and russia in 1994 signed a bilateral deal to protect memorial sites , which konstantin kosachev , chairperson of the council of the federation committee on foreign affairs , said was interpreted differently in moscow than warsaw , russia 's kommiersant daily said . 
   poland 's foreign ministry has in the past said that the deal concerns exclusively war cemeteries . 
   `` in poland there are 1,875 cemeteries and cemetery sections where russian and soviet soldiers are buried , '' the polish foreign ministry said , adding that some pln 14 million had been spent on their protection in recent years . 
   but russia said the deal extends also to symbolic monuments , kosaczow told kommiersant . 
   kosaczow said that if russia 's interpretation is correct , mosco will push for sanctions against poland . 
   polish commentators have highlighted that , in their appeal for `` historical accuracy '' , the duma and russian media have not mentioned the nazi-soviet pact of 1939 which outlined the joint invasion of poland , russian crimes against poles including the 1940 katy\u0144 massacre of 20,000 polish officers , and 40 years of totalitarian oppression during the moscow-backed communist regime after the second world war . 
   meanwhile , a recent study by the russia public opinion research centre found that more than 62 percent of russians do not oppose monuments to soviet dictator josef stalin being put up . 
   a separate poll by the levada centre found stalin to be considered russia 's greatest historical figure . 
   poland 's national institute of remembrance , which is charged with prosecuting crimes against the polish state , is currently cataloguing sites commemorating soviet soldiers . 
   many of them will be placed in museums once they are taken down under the new laws . 
  ( vb )  source : iar , duma.gov.ru , mid.ru, 
   ** police will press charges against some of the anti-government protesters who allegedly blocked the way out of parliament during demonstrations against controversial government plans to change the justice system , polish interior minister mariusz b\u0142aszczak has said . 
  **  but b\u0142aszczak has not said how many people would face charges . 
   the minister 's statement comes after a handful of protesters allegedly stopped governing party mp grzegorz janik from leaving parliament . 
   b\u0142aszczak said the protesters `` say they defend democracy but at the same time limit the rights of others '' . 
   he added that janik required police assistance in leaving parliament . 
   according to b\u0142aszczak , some 20 protesters were camped in tents outside parliament on thursday morning and police numbers were `` enough to ensure safety '' . 
   protests have been ongoing since last weekend , when thousands of people in warsaw and across poland gathered to oppose planned reforms to poland 's judiciary . 
   the government has said the changes are necessary because courts are inefficient and judges are out of touch and sometimes corrupt . 
   but opponents have claimed the ruling party was staging a `` coup '' and wanted to stack the courts in its favour . 
   brussels has also criticised the planned changes . 
   ( vb/pk )  source : iar, 
   ** president andrzej duda has turned down a request from european council chief donald tusk for a meeting amid concerns in brussels over a controversial overhaul of poland 's judicial system , polish media have reported . 
  **  the 300polityka website reported that tusk , a former polish prime minister , was worried about a debate in the eu about poland and offered to meet duda , but the offer was rejected . 
   the polish president 's chief of staff , krzysztof szczerski , said : `` i can confirm that there was a request for a meeting . 
  the president requested that mr. tusk be told that in his ( duda 's ) opinion there is no room for intervention by the head of the european council , no matter who is in this post . ''  szczerski added that duda was `` surprised '' that eu institutions were eyeing poland , `` because everything is being done in accordance with the law . ''  polish foreign minister witold waszczykowski told reporters : `` mr donald tusk 's job is to defend poland 's interests in brussels , and not to interfere in the internal or political process in poland . '', 
   the european commission on wednesday said it was ready to take action against poland for violating eu laws , warning that a controversial overhaul of the country 's judicial system threatened the independence of courts . 
   poland 's governing , conservative law and justice ( pis ) party has said sweeping changes are needed to reform an inefficient and sometimes corrupt judicial system . 
   poland 's foreign ministry has said that european standards and the principle of separation of powers were upheld in proposed court reforms which have `` prematurely '' come under fire in brussels . 
   source : pap/iar, 
   empire ( speak : the habsburg ) would not only have brought in the germans would n't that push us to alliance with french ? 
  but you are right , i did n't thought about spaniards coming to aid teutons , that changed a situation and we would get our asses kicked into oblivion . 
   being located on an indefensible plain also certainly did n't help poland . 
  also i did n't thought about . 
  my mind sometimes is too reckless :p, 
  true , but we did it it 1454-1466 against of pope and emperor and we suceed with getting back gda\u0144sk and having state of . 
  teutonic state as fief . 
   i 'd rather wo n't talk about my political opinions here . 
  but they 're quite similar to yours . 
   for political opinions and personal stuff pm please . 
   as you wish :d, 
  well then , what are your polical opinions ? 
  :d i 'm centrist liberal ( more likely centre-left ) economically , ordoliberalism seems sane to me ( i like economical freedom but want to help those in needs and do n't like monopoly of biggest concers that would rule of market it they could ) by social view i 'm centre-left ( fine with gay marriages and trans people , would like to have status of religious like in germany and let people like they want if they do n't disturb others ) i 'm supporting po/civic platform ( largest party of liberal oposition in parlaiment ), 
  she used to be male and and now she feels that she is woman and want to go through sex reassignment surgery ( if i 'm correct and remember it correctly ) she loves to spend time on trans subreddits and mbti, 
   hmmm ... mutual friend ?!, 
  she 's from england ? 
  she 's transwomen from poland ( krak\u00f3w if i remember correctly ) , we 've used to play role play ( and other mini-games ) in warcraft 3 online with other our friends  i do n't mind !, 
  if it 's okay for you it 's okay for me . . my friend !, 
   fine then :d, 
  i have friend ( most probably mutual ) and i do n't get anything from her , so probably not ( depends of options ) but if it 's works like that , then maybe you are correct lol :d idk about that . 
   dunno much ( or anything ) about your personality , hell i do n't even know your gender , but what you said here in this thread it 's very close to what i think . 
  incredible !, 
   dunno much ( or anything ) about your personality , that thing will take time to blossom :p  your gender male maybe you were that we 're kind of some soulmates :d i 'll add you to my friend list of reddit, 
   i rather think that nordics ( and all of us ) should into estonia . 
  especially into their ** epolitics ** . 
  very good idea i would support it . 
   me too !, 
  jesus christ ... wtf i really found my polish self ?!, 
   that 's depends what you mean ( personality or political views or something or other ) ? 
  :d maybe you are right . 
   we 're kinda the basques of eastern europe hahaha so eesti can into northern europe ? 
  :d imo i personally consider baltic states and greece/finland too as eastern europe glorious eastern europe !, 
   imagine how it is to be a non indo-european in here hehehe imagine how to be basque :d they are forever alone at least hungarians have estonians and fins :p, 
   well , it 's a different situation for romanians . 
  you have slavic countries/people/languages around you while romanians do n't have anything remotely related to a romance language around them but aromanian and ( now dead and buried ) dalmatian . 
  you are correct here . 
  it 's kinda weird to be non-slav in sea of slavic people ( lol ), 
   but other romanian speakers may have different opinions , that 's why i said imo . 
  you are right some poles say that czech is most similar to polish , other that belarussian is and others that ukrainian etc etc. 
   of course that 's only my opinion . 
  well you are romance ( how romantic ) language speaker you know better than i do how romance languages sounds next to each other and what language is most similar to romanian :p, 
   hey !!!, 
  we saw them first !, 
  ( after kiev rus ' and the mongols ) . 
  over my body body !, 
  ( takes entire lithuania to join it into poland ) / s but seriously you can take them ! / s, 
   oh , i thought it 's some sort of online game lolol well wos and wow sounds similar :d  for a romanian speaker ( imo ) the closest is aromanian and the farthest is portuguese , with italian , catalan , french in between.romansch is black magic for me . 
  :d myself , i would quess that italian or french would be most similar language to romania :d, 
  thanks !, 
   i 'm not sure what 's wos . 
  i 'm into civil code more than in the penal one . 
  wos is  ** wos ( wiedza o spo\u0142ecze\u0144stwie-knowledge about society , some law , some domestic politics , some foreign politics , knowledge about world , history etc ** )  and that 's how portuguese is for a romanian speaker . 
  :d about other slavic languages ukrainian/belarussian and slovakian are quite easy to understand and very similar to polish czech and russian are worse ( but still similar ) slovenian,serbo-croatian and bulgarian/macedonian are slavic black magic to me ( slovenian and serbo-croatian are more similar to polish though ) :d, 
   why limit the dream , comrade ??? 
   [ done ] ( http://fulldesktop.ru/m/49/kommunizm_kommunizm_1900x1281.jpg ), 
  well they can claim entire poland , finland rest of central-eastern europe too ( because muh soviet satelites ) and get very big and stronk . 
  i read only about nationalists wanting to take poland and/or finland , screw them . 
   your guessing skills are good .
