  pis = 27 is german nau ! ... 
  that 's a tie beetwen poland and us :p, 
  this hidden-german option pole , likes germany :d about pis ... screw them :p, 
  it `` s only democracy when we win !!, 
  pis got about 38 % votes in elections = fair tusk got more than 90 % votes of countries = undemocratic !, 
  uk , hungary , czechia , slovakia are dominated by germans :( they just do n't know it yet ... 
  well , that 's good question , it 's debatable topic , some ( especially right-wing and nationalist leaning and a lot of lithuanian poles ) claim 's that poles are discriminated ( closing polish schools , not allowing `` polish names '' and `` lithuanization forcing lithuanian language etc. ), 
  some ( especially lithuanians ) that those arguments are fasle , and that lithuania is only ( non-poland ) country where pupils can learn in polish and take tests in polish-language , and that lithuanian poles and '' [ their party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electoral_action_of_poles_in_lithuania ) '' ( while poles from proper poland are cool ) are russophilic . 
  [ polish minority in lithuania ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poles_in_lithuania )  the situation of the polish minority in lithuania has caused occasional tensions in polish-lithuanian relations during the late 20th and early 21st centuries . 
  when lithuania declared its independence from the soviet union in 1990 , soviet president mikhail gorbachev sought help from the polish minority . 
  the polish minority , still remembering the 1950s attempts to ban the polish language , was much more supportive of the soviet union and afraid that the new lithuanian government might want to reintroduce the lithuanisation policies . 
  a pro-moscow anti-independence movement similar to internationalist movements in latvia and estonia was formed in 1989 , called the unity . 
  the organization was supported by many poles of lithuania , making it perhaps more popular with the polish minority than with the russophone minority of lithuania . 
  this might have surprised the poles of warsaw , then seeking a de-communization in poland and declaring the question of polish minority in lithuania an internal matter of lithuania . 
  the pro-moscow stance of some leading poles of lithuania compromised at times the activities of more lithuania-friendly poles . 
  at the election to the soviet congress of people 's deputies , two poles ( one of them jan ciechanowicz ) were elected to that body , both pro-moscow . 
   according to surveys conducted in the spring of 1990 , 47 % of poles in lithuania supported the pro-soviet communist party ( in contrast to 8 % support among ethnic lithuanians ) , while 35 % supported lithuanian independence . 
  the regional authorities in vilnius and \u0160al\u010dininkai region , under polish leadership , with support from soviet authorities , argued for the establishment of an autonomous region in south eastern lithuania , a request that was declined by the lithuanian government and left lasting resentment among some residents . 
  the same polish regional leaders later voiced support for the soviet coup attempt of 1991 in moscow . 
  the government of poland , however , never supported the autonomist tendencies of the polish minority in lithuania . 
   current tensions arise regarding polish education and spelling of names . 
  the united states department of state stated , in a report issued in 2001 , that the polish minority had issued complaints with regard to its status in lithuania , and that members of the polish parliament criticized the government of lithuania over alleged discrimination against the polish minority . 
  in recent years , the lithuanian government budgets 40,000 litas ( ~ $ 15,000 ) for the needs of the polish minority ( out of the 7 million litas budget of the department of national minorities ) . 
  in 2006 polish foreign minister stefan meller asserted that polish educational institutions in lithuania are severely underfunded . 
  similar concerns were voiced in 2007 by a polish parliamentary commission . 
  according to a report issued by the european union fundamental rights agency in 2004 , poles in lithuania were the second least-educated minority group in lithuania.the branch of the university of bia\u0142ystok in vilnius educates mostly members of the polish minority . 
   a report by the council of europe , issued in 2007 , stated that on the whole , minorities were integrated quite well into the everyday life of lithuania . 
  the report expressed a concern with lithuanian nationality law , which contains a right of return clause . 
  the citizenship law was under discussion during 2007 ; it was deemed unconstitutional on 13 november 2006 . a proposed constitutional amendment would allow the polish minority in lithuania to apply for polish passports.several members of the lithuanian seimas , including gintaras songaila and andrius kubilius , publicly stated that two members of the seimas who represent polish minority there ( waldemar tomaszewski and michal mackiewicz ) should resign , because they accepted the karta polaka . 
   lithuanian constitutional law stipulates that everyone ( not only poles ) who has lithuanian citizenship and resides within the country has to lithuanianise their name ( i.e. 
  spell it in the lithuanian phonetics and alphabet ) ; for example , the name kleczkowski has to be spelled kle\u010dkovski in official documents.on april 24 , 2012 the europarliament accepted for further consideration the petition ( number 0358/2011 ) submitted by a tomasz snarski about the language rights of polish minority , in particular about enforced lithuanization of polish surnames . 
   representatives of the lithuanian government demanded removal of polish names of the streets in mai\u0161iagala ( mejszago\u0142a ) , raudondvaris ( czerwony dw\u00f3r ) , rie\u0161\u0117 ( rzesza ) and suderv\u0117 ( suderwa ) as by constitutional law all names have to be in lithuanian . 
  tensions have been reported between the lithuanian roman catholic clergy and its polish parishioniers in lithuania . 
  the seimas voted against foreign surnames in lithuanian passports . 
   the situation is further escalated by extremist groups on both sides . 
  lithuanian extremist nationalist organization vilnija seeks the lithuanisation of ethnic poles living in the eastern part of lithuania . 
  the former polish ambassador to lithuania , jan widacki , has criticised some polish organizations in lithuania as being far-right and nationalist . 
  jan sienkiewicz has criticized jan widacki . 
   in late may 2008 , the association of poles in lithuania issued a letter , addressed to the government of lithuania , complaining about anti-minority ( primarily , anti-polish ) rhetoric in media , citing upcoming parliamentary elections as a motive , and asking for better treatment of the ethnic minorities . 
  the association has also filed a complaint with the lithuanian prosecutor , asking for investigation of the issue . 
   lithuania has not ratified the european charter for regional or minority languages .60,000 poles have signed a petition against an education system reform . 
  a school strike was declared and suspended . 
   the law on ethnic minorities lapsed in 2010 . 
   in 2014 \u0160al\u010dininkai district municipality administrative director boles\u0142aw daszkiewicz was fined about 12 500 euro for failure to execute a court ruling to remove lithuanian-polish street signs.lucyna kot\u0142owska was fined about 1738 euro . 
  well , sikorski said that if he would be chosen ( he lost to komorowski ) as po candidate for president , he would n't visit lithuania untill resolving situation of polish minority , they ( lithuania ) considered sikorski as hostile to lithuania . 
  thanks , obama ! . . 
  we will invade belarus with us troops !, 
  it will be glorious !, 
  but still can not into lithuania ... 
  it 's seems that poland have army of goku-level super saiyans that we invaded belarus ( probably ftl-speed ) , without being noticed !, 
  fair enough , it 's still very sexy !, 
  too darn sexy ... 
  they looked pretty [ sexy ] ( http://mm.salon24.pl/po/ls/polski-kraj-narodowo-ter-c8cac32,2,0.jpg ) stop dressing so provocatively and scantily clad :d, 
  litwa , use `` normal name '' instead of strange vokietija , use niemcy ! ... 
  tbh , most of russian governors were assholes during this period ... [ screw u novosiltsev ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nikolay_novosiltsev ) also [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_praga#massacre )  after the battle ended , the russian troops , against the orders given by suvorov before the battle , started to loot and burn the entire borough of warsaw in revenge for the slaughter of the russian garrison in warsaw during the warsaw uprising in april 1794 , ** when about 2,000 russian soldiers died . 
  faddey bulgarin recalled the words of general ivan von klugen , who took part in the battle of praga , `` we were being shot at from the windows of houses and the roofs , and our soldiers were breaking into the houses and killing all who happened to get in the way ** ... in every living being our embittered soldiers saw the murderer of our men during the uprising in warsaw ... it cost a lot of effort for the russian officers to save these poor people from the revenge of our soldiers ... at four o'clock the terrible revenge for the slaughter of our men in warsaw was complete ! '' denis davydov wrote on this , `` during the assault on praga the rage of our troops , who were burning with revenge for the treacherous slaughter of our comrades by the poles , reached extreme limits '' . 
   ** almost all of the area was pillaged and inhabitants of the praga district were tortured , raped and murdered . 
  the exact death toll of that day remains unknown , but it is estimated that up to 20,000 people were killed ** . 
  suvorov himself wrote : `` the whole of praga was strewn with dead bodies , blood was flowing in streams . '', 
  it was thought that unruly cossack troops were partly to blame for the uncontrolled destruction . 
  some russian historians claim that suvorov tried to stop the massacre by ordering the destruction of the bridge to warsaw over the vistula river with the purpose of preventing the spread of violence to warsaw , but in fact he wanted to stop polish troops stationing on the left bank from attacking his soldiers . 
  other historians dispute this . 
  and all uprisings ... 
  it was worth of it . . 
  make lithuania great again ... with poland being even greater ! ... 
  it 's time to pay them back for partitions ! . . 
  yep , it 's open type of relationship , we 're doing it also with our v4 ( and ukraine , romania and maybe germany too ) partners, 
  it was n't only about lithuania ( also poland ) i also know how russia screwed georgians , it sucks to be you :p, 
  yes , why do you ask ? ... 
  you can go to us !, 
  we would welcome our eastern slavic bros and sis !, 
  do n't you mean central and partly eastern ukraine ? , because western ukraine ( lviv/lw \u00f3w ) used to be polish then , at least partly . . 
  well , russia love their neighbours very much , they did n't wanted to leave us , because we would be alone . / s but i know that , damn those ruskies . . 
  yep , you are right about lithuania . 
  what about exchange ? 
  you will give us your vilnius , and we will give you our warsaw , everyone will be happy . . ( except of russia ) and krak\u00f3w too ... maybe even pozna\u0144 . . 
  but we would fuck each other !, 
  ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) it would be beneficent for both sides !, 
  lithuania will take vilnius , we will take lithuania ... 
  what about [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_brest-litovsk )  ** in the treaty , bolshevik russia ceded the baltic states to germany ; they were meant to become german vassal states under german princelings ** . 
  russia also ceded its province of kars oblast in the south caucasus to the ottoman empire and recognized the independence of ukraine . 
  furthermore , russia agreed to pay six billion german gold marks in reparations . 
  historian spencer tucker says , `` the german general staff had formulated extraordinarily harsh terms that shocked even the german negotiator . '', 
  congress poland was not mentioned in the treaty , as germans refused to recognize the existence of any polish representatives , which in turn led to polish protests . 
  when germans later complained that the treaty of versailles of 1919 was too harsh on them , the allies ( and historians favorable to the allies ) responded that it was more benign than brest-litovsk . 
   ** russia renounced all territorial claims in finland ( which it had already acknowledged ) , baltic states ( estonia , latvia and lithuania ) , belarus , and ukraine ** . 
  the territory of the kingdom of poland was not mentioned in the treaty . 
  like always :p in 1768 they promised territorial integrity of commonwealth , then they broke it in 1772 ( and promised again after first partition ) and broke it `` again '' in 1792 ( and after second partition , they promised that they wo n't take more territories , well ... you know what happened next ) examples ( by google translator ) 1 : - https://pl.wikisource.org/wiki/traktat_wieczystej_przyja%c5%bani_pomi%c4%99dzy_rosj%c4%85_a_rzecz%c4%85pospolit%c4%85_ ( 1768 )  article ii  because of this agreement , and to each other their friendship , and mutually their convenience solidify on uninflective foundations is this : on equal states , and systematic interest of both brightest parties , they agreed to guarantee one another together , and ** keep current their european property , lands , provincial , and borders ; and indeed , this all this article most solemnly , et sacrosanct each other for eternity guarantee . 
   in order to complete irrevocably , all border disputes between the two countries , and to avoid the claims of this or the other side , his majesty the king of poland , on behalf of her , as well as their successors , the states and the parliament of the polish kingdom and the grand duchy of lithuania waive the under this treaty , irrevocably and forever and no re-return to her majesty of all of russia , her heirs and successors of both sexes , the following countries : the rest of polish livonia , as well as the province polotsk , on the other side of the daugava river and similarly province of vitebsk , in this way , to the daugava was the natural border between the two countries up to the limits of the natural province of vitebsk , further polotsk to the place where you go down the borders of three provinces : polotsk , vitebsk and minsk , where the border runs straight line up to the vicinity of sources of the river druce in towards a place called ordwa and along that river to its confluence with the dnieper , in such a way that the entire province mstislavl on both sides of the dnieper , and the two extreme ends of the province of minsk and the new border and from the dnieper will belong to the empire of all russia and the dnieper will border between the two countries from the mouth of the river druce , observing , however , that kiev and its lands are located on the other side of the river . 
   [ ... ] article vi . 
   ** her majesty the all-russia formally and the most insistent guarantees of his majesty the king of poland and his successors and the commonwealth of poland , all properties by extension and according to the state as it were after the conclusion of the treaty between the brightest commonwealth and her imperial majesty the empress-queen of hungary and the bohemia and his majesty the king of prussia ** . 
  and in a similar way his majesty the king and the commonwealth of poland guarantees her imperial majesty of all russia and its successors her property the present-day europe and by extension the state in which they found themselves after the conclusion of this treaty . 
  and two high contracting parties declare that they will consistently adhere to this new state of affairs , which assumed the provisions of the treaty of 1768 . 
  [ 3 ] ( https://pl.wikisource.org/wiki/traktat_rozbiorowy_pomi%c4%99dzy_rzecz%c4%85pospolit%c4%85_a_imperium_rosyjskim_1793 )  article ii  in order to build this preferred system of eternal peace on a more solid foundation , it seems to be reasonable and necessary to confirm and define the boundaries of that in the future , forever separate the russian empire and the kingdom of poland . 
  then his majesty the king of poland , so he and his successors , united sejm of polish kingdom and the grand duchy of lithuania waive this treaty irrevocably and in perpetuity , without the right of return and any objections to her majesty the empress of all russia , her heirs and successors : countries , provinces and districts circled line on the map , so that the line that begins in druja , which is located on the left bank of the daugava river , near the wedge samogitia , hence leads through narocz and oak wood , following the edge of the province of vilnius on the town sto\u0142pce , cuts veras , later pinsk , and thus goes through kuniew between wyszogr\u00f3dek and new grobl\u0105 near the border with galicia , along it until the course of the dniester , which eventually leaves the jahorliku , the site of present course of the russian border . 
  the above-defined line will ** forever mark the border between the russian empire and the kingdom of poland . 
  **  his majesty the king and the united sejm of polish kingdom and the grand duchy of lithuania depart in the most formal , solemn and obliging her majesty the empress of all russia , her heirs and successors , all of it , which in turn should be given to the russian empire , in particular , all countries and circles , which said transfer line separates the present time territories of poland , the entire property , sovereignty and independence of all the cities , strongholds , villages and hamlets , rivers and waters , their tributaries , subjects and inhabitants , freeing the above with the oath of his majesty and the crown of the polish kingdom with all rights as clergy as laity , even with all that , as regards the independence of these countries . 
  his majesty the king of poland and the commonwealth of promise in the most emphatic and solemn , they will never directly or indirectly , under any pretext make any claims to the countries and provinces , provided this treaty . 
   article iii  as a result , his majesty the king of poland , so he and his heirs and successors , and the united sejm of polish kingdom and the grand duchy of lithuania renounce forever in the most solemn of all the rights and all sorts of claims , whatever their nature and origin , for any reason , under any pretext and in any circumstances could be presented and worded so as to countries , provinces and districts with all their appurtenances , surrendered in this treaty , as well as everything that russia previously owned and committed in this treaty to guarantee the how the latest and most inviolable all countries , provinces and possessions her majesty the empress of all russia , which is now in europe , joining them assignments , made in this treaty . 
   article iv  in the way of reciprocity for the withdrawal and surrender , expressed in articles ii and iii , ** her majesty the empress of all russia wanting their part to ensure that all is far from new reservations about the course of the border between the russian empire and the kingdom of poland , disclaims so herself and her heirs and successors , of all rights and claims they might have now and which could directly or indirectly be formulated in the future , of any kind , under any name , pretext or if there could be any turn of events and coincidence , to the smallest parts territory , entering now in the polish .
