[ by invoking to dbz , you 've made me to do this . ], 
  ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/fb/e5/81/fbe581f448c7e1d6a42e87bf7391d76f.jpg ), 
  maybe it could work :p well , according to their logic , yes . 
  but what do you expect , from guys who see everything in white or black shades ? 
  ( poland and guys we like are good , others are bad ) pis think that our history in school needs to be more patriotic ( that 's mean , more nationalistic ), 
  because many right-wings poles like machisimo-like type of foreign policy , muh freedom . 
  for example they often say , that if `` germans complains '' that 's meaning our goverment is good and act properly , because if they ( germans ) would praised it ( polish gov ) , that would mean ( for polish right wing ) that polish gov is serving interest of foreign powers, 
   i live in poland currently , and recently a film came out about the smolensk plane crash . 
  the level of propaganda around that is amazing . 
  poles think that it was some super secret highly orchestrated plan by putin to kill off the polish government . 
  when in reality the russian government could n't organize a birthday party . 
  pole here , actually we believe smole\u0144sk ( and pis theories that russians shoot our plane , or po prime minister donald tusk cooperated with putin etc. ), 
  movie to be pis propaganda , and most of us disliked it ( unless you are pis supporter , then it 's true movie ), 
  many in eastern-central , and eastern europes claims to have most beautiful womens for example it 's common to say in poland that our womens are hot/attracitve and german are ugly unless their are of different origin < for example polish , russian  . 
  ( and we have many others countries too ) :d, 
  about allies , that 's true and you are right . 
  polish foreign policy was very stupid and machosimo-like , because during interbellium period , polish politcians were `` very confident '' of poland being regional power , that it turned into cockiness . 
  ( just like , pis is doing currently ) about mo\u015bciski case , it 's more complicated , after pi\u0142sudski 's death ( and when he alive , then mo\u015bcicki was puppet , after his death , he become indepedent ) , there were three most important politcians in poland , j\u00f3zef beck , ignacy mo\u015bcicki and edward rydz-\u015amig\u0142y , ignacy and edward cooperated with each other . 
  ( that 's why \u015amig\u0142y got `` marshall '' rank , due to mo\u015bcicki support ) beck lead his indepedent foreign politcs , ( for example , he revealed his talks , about polish corrdior . 
  with germans only untill mid of 1939 ) about letters , i read about them on polish historian forum , alas i could n't find those letters who talked about miltary support ( i found some letters focused od zaolzie topic ) [ here it 's link to them in polish , i will provide google translator , cause they are too long , if you want you can translate them to french ] ( http://www.zaolzie.org/zaolziearchiwum/biuletyn1/biuletyn20040123.htm ) first letter  benes to mo\u015acicki  mr. president !, 
  prague , 22 . ix . 
   at the moment , when the fate of europe are threatened and when our two nations have a vested interest in building lasting foundations for genuine cooperation between the two countries , i appeal to his excellency the proposed arrangement of friendly relations and new cooperation between polish and czechoslovakia . 
   i submit , therefore , on behalf of the czechoslovak state w. excellency proposal frank and friendly alignment of our different points of view on matters relating to the problem of the polish population in czechoslovakia . 
  i would lay this matter at the level of the principle of rectification of borders . 
  compliance on our mutual relations will be of course a logical and direct consequence of this agreement . 
  if we reach an agreement , and i 'm sure it will be possible - i would consider this as the start of a new era in relations between our two countries . 
   i would add as a former foreign minister and current president of the republic , czechoslovakia that neither now nor ever had any obligations or treaties , covert or overt , whose meaning , purpose or prejudice the interests of polish intentions . 
   with confidence i submit this proposal to your excellency the consent of the responsible ministers at the same time to give her character a lasting agreement . 
   i would thus make the matter of interest only our two countries . 
   knowing the fragility of our mutual relations and realizing how difficult it was in the days of normal repair them using the usual diplomatic and political means , i 'm trying to use the current crisis to remove obstacles to the ongoing over the past decades and for the immediate production of the new atmosphere . 
  i do so in full sincerity . 
  i am convinced that the future of our two nations and their future mutual cooperation must ultimately be ensured . 
   please accept excellency the expression of my deepest sympathy . 
  bene\u0160 second letter  answer to mo\u015acicki benes  w-wa , september 27 , 1938 . 
   mr. president !, 
   in response to the letter of your excellency , which was delivered to me 26 bm. , i hasten to inform the lord , that i considered very carefully the proposals your excellency . 
   i share entirely the opinion of your excellency that the relations between our countries can only in this case be improved if they are immediately taken effective and serious decisions . 
   also , i am of the opinion that currently extends far to the fore a decision on the territorial issues , which in the nearly 20 years it impossible to improve the atmosphere between our countries . 
   submitting to the government of my suggestions your excellency i am convinced that it will be possible to develop a thing in the short term draft agreement , which would be able to comply with the requirements of the grave situation at the moment . 
   please accept excellency the expression of my deepest sympathy . 
   mo\u015acicki third letter  czech minister of foreign affairs kroft  to polish ambassador pape  no . 
  139,350 / 38 ii-1  prague september 30 , 1938 . 
   sir !, 
   i have read the contents of the note on september 27 , in which your excellency proposes , in behalf of his government to conclude an immediate agreement , a norm contentious issues between our two countries , and in particular the matter territory inhabited by people of polish nationality . 
   czechoslovak government is grateful to the government of the republic of polish for expressing his view on the procedure , which - according to the government of the czechoslovak - tends to the desired agreement . 
   wishing that this agreement was permanent and does not leave any of the both sides of the feelings of bitterness , czechoslovak government allows itself to propose the following procedure , noting the fact that for reasons that will be stated , would like to avoid this that the public czechoslovak got the impression that it is used difficulties in which is now czechoslovakia , just at the moment when he resolved the issue of the territory inhabited by the german population . 
  czechoslovak government wishes to emphasize that this is an act of goodwill , resulting from his own initiative and his own decision . 
  he considers this a very important thing for the relations between the two nations and the two countries in the future , relations - which would like - to be the most friendly . 
   first of all czechoslovak government allows himself noted that in the negotiations on german population in the republic were forced to reject both the plebiscite and territorial cessions before the final determination of the boundaries . 
  for the above reasons czechoslovak government can not depart from this principle also in the case of polish the more that this could set a precedent in solving the sudeten german issue , which would not be the intention of the polish government . 
   starting from these assumptions czechoslovak government allow me to introduce the following rules solution of this issue . 
   1 . czechoslovakia goverment provides solemnly polish government , that the rectification of borders and the transfer of land , which will decide established procedure will be carried out in all circumstances , no matter how the international situation will work out . 
  the czechoslovak republic is ready to make a statement in this regard also to the hands of france and great britain and to recognize both the state as guarantor of the agreement . 
   2 . divions of take take place on the basis of the principle according to which these circles would be territorially divided by the ratio of the polish population to the czech republic . 
   3 . immediately created equal quantity polish-czechoslovak commission that would develop a detailed procedure based on this principle . 
  could be convened on 5 october 1938 . 
  the commission does uformowa\u0142aby issue options inhabitants , resettlement and bilateral exchange of the population and all the economic and financial affairs , that with this link . 
   4 he would set a deadline by which the committee should complete its work . 
  we offer 31 october . 
   5 . there would be set a deadline by which it should be taken over areas . 
  this term would be determined by the adoption of the final two limits : the date as close as possible and possibly farthest . 
   6 . message of both countries which ould immediately be communicated to the polish and czechoslovak society , an agreement was reached on the principles of the polish-czechoslovak agreement on the rectification of borders and the whole procedure will be completed within a period which both parties agree . 
  to not leave any doubt as to the agreement and as to the strong will that animates both governments , the commission , as stated above , will start work later than 5 october , and the acquisition of the said land could take place at the earliest on october 31 and no later than december 1 - depending on the date on which the competent committee finishes . 
  deadline december 1 should not be exceeded . 
   the czechoslovak government is of the view that concerns the dispositions as accurate , specific , and determined that it will be able to accept them and implement the spirit of goodwill and understanding . 
   i believe that it is possible on this basis to reach an agreement that will provide the two nations in the future , the conviction that the conflict was finally resolved , and that there is between them cause for bitterness , or to accusations that the other political problems will create immediately between the two member atmosphere , thanks to which their friendly cooperation will be fully ensured . 
   please accept the assurances of my highest consideration . 
  ps : i will seek for those letters which were about polish support for czechoslovakia in case of german attack ** edit : i would like to apologize because i have made a mistake , i was wrong about mo\u015bcickis 's letter about polish willingness to defend czechoslovakia , it seems , such letter does n't not exist **, 
  polish foreign politc was not germanophile , it tried to balance beetwen ussr and germany , still many of our most important < leaders like pi\u0142sudski and his supporters  considered ussr to be biggest threat to our country while some generals considered germans to be most dangerous country for us . 
  we had non-aggresion pact also with ussr too ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet%e2%80%93polish_non-aggression_pact ) about czechoslovakia [ it was compliacted ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93czechoslovak_war ) conflict . 
  it was time when poland and soviet russia clashed for dominance in eastern europe ( poland tried to bring plc back , russia to bring it 's empire back ) czechs used time to take over zaolzie , also according to wikipedia text about soviet-polish war  when workers in austria , czechoslovakia and germany refused to transit such materials to poland . 
  in gda\u0144sk british troops were asked to unload ships with military supplies because the mostly german workers refused to do so ; similar things happened in czechoslovakian brno . 
  let 's go to now to 1938 then , poles feared that after germans would take zaolzie , then they would use it to exchange it for danzig/gda \u0144sk , we had two options considered by our goverment , 1 : czechs 'll allow germans to take land with germans majority , in that case we would also want to take zaolzie 2 : if czechoslovakia would go to war with germany , it would be supported by polish goverment ( our president mo\u015bcicki even sent letter to czechoslovakian goverment , saying that poland will support `` her '' in case of war . 
  president benes said that czechoslovakia wo n't fight because without french support they do n't stand any chance , so they wo n't grab weapong to fight with germans . ), 
  but you are right , that poland was imperialist , by taking `` slovakian lands '' there is nothing to justify that . 
  [ prussians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_prussians ) are coming ! . . 
  i would say , it 's `` great power '' , weaker than superpower ( us and probably in future , china too ) but stronger than regional powers ( like brasil , australia . ), 
  but ... but ... it 's russian ! ... / s, 
  plc is love . 
  plc is live . 
  and you cheated on us with sweden !, 
  :( this pain in our hearts ... 
  also po = party of tusk po-land po-lska maybe pisland or pislska ? 
  various versions of niemcy ( because slavs and germans couldnt undersand each other , so niemiec = mute ) in eastern yurop, 
  i 'm speaking generally about our divisions :p pi\u0142sudski vs dmowski `` od sasa do lasa '' from sas to las ( quess so ? ), 
  `` anglogermans ! '', 
  imho never , kaczy\u0144ski will rule pis to his death or resigning by himself , there are to many kaczy\u0144ski 's cronies ( he is great at choosing loyal to death people ) to take him down so no way to out him from power , and pis is party of strongman ... 
  xx years ? 
  probably for xxx years :p poland divided since free elections :d, 
  oh come on , it was obvious that i was joking with those regions :p, 
  then i 'm screwed , because my part belonged to russia ... well ... 
  hmmph , kind of . . russia , because they are evil west because it 's gay , feminist , gender , immigration etc. . and also germans, 
  it 's more like , that western poland is more liberal ( and richer ) while eastern is more conservative ( and poorer ) pis and it 's supporters ( so ... eastern poland ) hates russians , for example they called former president bronis\u0142aw komorowski , komoruski ( komorussian ) for being too pro-russian . 
  they are divided beetwen psl ( pro-european ) and pis , while voting mostly ( sad ) for pis if i remember correctly :p still , western poland is more pro-european , eastern more pro-pis, 
  it `` s time to [ duel ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/001/020/360/462.jpg ) best donald will win, 
  hey , hey . . maybe we will make deal ? 
  :d pro-pis regions will stay behind , while pro-eu regions will go with rest of ue everyone will be happy, 
  which one donald ? 
  it 's rejtan time ! . . 
  hey , hey , you have to wait in queue , we are lapdogs first and best !,
