   idk why , but i 've seen more poland salt on this sub than usual . 
  like way more than usual . 
  you have n't seen everything , there are days when polish is so salt , that all water on world beome salty from it . 
   the soviets would like a word with you . 
  especially you france . 
  americans probably too :p well , they kinda gave us ( lend-lease act ) lot of ammo , weapons and other vechicles and latter send army . 
  i know this , they were kinda disapointed not getting entire germany . 
   i hope they know they 're not in england . 
  i cannon guarantee you that , would n't be surprised if you meet some pole that would said about wales ( and blah blah uk is england etc ) being part of england . 
   almost certainly the uk could have allied with germany and not fought against them . 
  well , that 's kinda true too lol . 
  but i do n't think that uk would like to share it 's global dominace with new world/great power that could become threat for it 's status . 
  well i know that . 
  but they use pars pro toto , so for them enligsh = uk russia = ussr there is need to explain them why this is wrong :p, 
   on one hand you have a slavic majority state with close ethnic and linguistic ties , of which the territories that comprised poland had been part of for over 100 + years . 
  one that sought to unite not just the slavic people but all people in a classless society ( so people could n't exploit one another ) , and saw the polish people as its own own . 
  state with slavic majority that has been polish enemy since late 1500 's ? 
  and caused to destruction former polish state ( with german prussia and hapsburg monarchy though ) ? 
   of which the territories that comprised poland had been part of for over 100 + years . 
  wonder why did they have it ? 
  thanks , but poles didnt ' wanted to be `` one '' and were not grateful for partitions , . 
   and on the other you have the side that sees the polish people as an inferior race , wants to completely erase your ethnicity , colonize your lands , replace the population with german settlers , and pretend that nothing happened . 
  hitler and the nazis were not hiding their intentions in the east , in any way at all - so why not hedge your bets ? 
  well , then we were thinking that germans wanted only to take their former borders ( our part of silesia , greater poland and polish corridor ) and to control poland than to destroy it . 
  ***  you mean the when czechs convinced the western allies ` that the czechs would accept a settlement favorable to the poles without a plebiscite if we are taking about signing agreements , then czechs also accepted those . . used google translator , since they are too long to translate them . 
   bene\u0160 to mo\u015acicki  mr. president !, 
  prague , 22 . ix . 
  1938  at a time when the fate of europe is at stake and when two of our nations are keenly interested in building a lasting basis for sincere cooperation between the two countries , i turn to his excellency proposing to establish friendly relations and new co-operation between poland and czechoslovakia . 
   i am therefore presenting , on behalf of the czechoslovak state , the excellency , the proposal of a sincere and friendly alignment of our different points of view on matters concerning the problem of the polish population in czechoslovakia . 
  i would like to put this matter at the heart of the principle of border rectification . 
  consistency in our mutual relations will , of course , be the logical and immediate consequence of this agreement . 
  if we reach an agreement and i am sure it will be possible - i would consider it to be the beginning of a new era in relations between our two countries . 
   i would like to add as former foreign minister and current president of the republic that czechoslovakia has neither at present nor ever had any obligations or treaties , secret or public , whose meaning , purpose or intent would harm the interests of poland . 
   i confidently submit this proposal to your excellency with the consent of the responsible ministers at the same time to give it the character of a lasting agreement . 
   i would like to make this matter of interest exclusively to our two states . 
   knowing the delicacy of our mutual relations and realizing how difficult it was in ordinary times to fix them with ordinary diplomatic and political means , i am trying to seize the current crisis to remove the obstacles that have taken place in the past decades and to immediately create a new atmosphere . 
  i do it in full honesty . 
  i am convinced that the future of our two nations and their future mutual cooperation must be finally assured . 
   please accept the excellency the words of my deepest sympathy . 
  bene\u0160 ***  czech minister of foreign affairs to polish ambassador pap\u00c9e  nr 139.350 / ii-1 38  prague , september 30 , 1938  mr. minister !, 
   i have read the note of september 27 , in which your excellency proposes , on behalf of your government , the conclusion of an immediate agreement regulating the disputes between our two countries , and in particular the territory of the people of polish nationality . 
   the czechoslovak government is grateful to the government of the republic of poland for expressing its views on the manner in which the czechoslovak government views the desired agreement . 
   desiring that this agreement be lasting and leaving no side of both sides feeling bitter , the czechoslovak government allows itself to propose the following procedure , stating that for the reasons to be mentioned , would like to avoid the czechoslovak society getting the impression that it uses the difficulty in which czechoslovakia is currently located is precisely at the moment when the question of territory inhabited by the german population is resolved . 
  the czechoslovak government would like to emphasize that this is an act of goodwill arising from its own initiative and its own decision . 
  he considers this to be very important for relations between the two peoples and both states in the future , the relations that they would like to be most friendly . 
   first of all , the czechoslovak government allows us to notice that in negotiations on the german population in the republic we were forced to reject both the plebiscite and the territorial assignments before the final determination of the borders . 
  for these reasons , the czechoslovak government can not depart from this principle also in the case of poland , the more that it could become a precedent in resolving the question of the german sudeten , which would not lie in the intentions of the government of the republic of poland . 
   starting from these assumptions , the czechoslovak government allows itself to present the following principles for resolving this issue . 
  the government of czechoslovakia solemnly assures the government of poland that the rectification of the borders and subsequent transfer of the area to be determined by the proceeding will be carried out in all circumstances , regardless of the international situation . 
  the czechoslovak republic is also ready to make a statement on this matter to france and the united kingdom , and to recognize both of them as guarantors of the agreement . 
  the area of the area would be based on the principle that these districts would be territorially divided according to the ratio of the polish population to the czech one . 
  a quantitatively established polish-czechoslovak committee would be created immediately to develop a detailed procedure on the basis of this principle . 
  it could be convened on october 5 , 1938 . 
  the commission would shape the issue of housing options , resettlement and exchange of bilateral populations , and all the economic and financial issues that come with it . 
  a deadline should be set for the commission to complete its work . 
  we propose october 31 . 
  a deadline should be set for the acquisition of land . 
  this deadline would be fixed by adopting two final limits : date as close as possible and as far as possible . 
  the joint communiqu\u00e9 could immediately inform the polish and czechoslovak society that an agreement was reached on the principles of the polish-czechoslovak agreement on border rectification and that the whole procedure would be completed within a time limit agreed by both parties . 
  in order not to leave any doubt about the agreement and on the strong will that both governments bring to life , the commission , as stated above , will commence work no later than october 5 , and the acquisition of the area may take place no sooner than october 31 and no later than december 1 - the date on which the competent committee will quit . 
  december 1 deadline should not be exceeded . 
   the czechoslovak government is of the opinion that it is an order that is so precise , concrete and resolute that it can be accepted and implemented in a spirit of good will and understanding . 
   i believe that on this basis we can come to an agreement that will provide both nations in the future with the conviction that the conflict has finally been resolved , and that there is no reason for bitterness between them , nor the accusation that also in other political problems will arise immediately between the two you have an atmosphere whereby their friendly cooperation will be fully ensured . 
   please accept our '' respect . '', 
  dr. k. krofta ***  then why only czechs back stabbed you in 1920 , why not the other allies too ? 
  it 's still czech land , to this day . 
  i mean when they attacked poland it seems that i was wrong about war with soviets , they attacked when we were in war with [ western ukrainians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poland-czechoslovakia_war )  the czechoslovak government in prague requested that the poles cease their preparations for elections to the polish sejm in the area that had been designated polish in the interim agreement as no sovereign rule was to be executed in the disputed areas . 
  the polish government declined and czechoslovak units attacked the polish part of cieszyn silesia to prevent the elections in the contested territory . 
  [ 1 ] the attack was halted under pressure from the entente . 
  the result of the war was the new demarcation line , which expanded the territory controlled by czechoslovakia . 
  it led to the division of the region of cieszyn silesia in july 1920 , and left a substantial polish minority in czechoslovakia in the region later called zaolzie . 
  the division of cieszyn silesia did not satisfy poland and led to the polish annexation of zaolzie in 1938 . 
  ***  polish people need to see things more rationally . 
  poland is way too tribal for its own good , way too easily exploitable . 
  kinda that 's true , if we would help czechoslovakia , german problem would be resolver earlier and maybe without bloodshed for our nation , sadly we did different . 
  if you include lw\u00f3w , then glorious wilno and small grodno should included a to trigger others more smole\u0144sk too . 
   personally , looking back , i think we should have tried to attack germany instead of camping . 
  but it 's easy to say from my perspective , and regardless , the point is that we still entered the war , whether we fought well or not imho , problem was that , that generals of france were used to war tactics ( and to it 's atrocities ) used during first world war , they were not ready for such actions for nazi germany . 
   of course , surely nazi germany would have eventually maybe declared war on france . 
  but that 's not what we 're debating is it ? 
  we 're talking about whether or not france and britain respected their treaty with poland . 
  they did . 
  debate over . 
  well imo , france and uk did everything they could ( though they startet to prepare for war too late ) , iiww punished them by losing their global power status ( and us and ussr gained it ) , uk and france sacrificed many things for poland and other parts of europe, 
  well many poles consider uk = england , so british means pars pro toto english for many poles . 
  just like ussr = russia, 
   25 messages describing how much i 'm a imperialist murdering cunt . 
  while imho you have a soft spot for germany ( and you hold too big love for pretty and sexy borders ) , i do n't think of you as imperialist murdering cunt ( but still , you would fuck poland for germany 's sake ) , everyone have right to their pov and opinion , yours is just different from mine ( you probably have complete different pov on our actions in western ukraine/belarus and southern-eastern lithuania , there are plenty of poles that would n't have problem ( crazy loony nationalist ) with taking lands from ukraine , lithuania or belarus . 
  ( wilno/lw \u00f3w polskie etc ) also ireland was screwed by history just like poland ( brits still have northern ireland , great famine , not having indepdence etc ) :p, 
   i do n't understand why polish people think they had the right to be saved . 
  well , because we were allies :p  i do n't understand why polish people think they had the right to be saved . 
  britain did n't need to put its neck on the line for poland with that ultimatum , and neither did france . . everyone had their own round , earlier or later germany would invade uk and or/france . 
   that 's the bit that gets me when i hear poles complaining . . that 's true that it had plenty benefits for poland ( since we were too weak to act at our own ) , but it 's not like that uk and france did n't gained ally that gained attention of hitler 's germany and took his time to prepare for war, 
  that 's true too . 
   i 'm just glad he died before the ultimate defeat of france and warsaw . 
  well , he died like true solidier, 
   i know it 's a joke , but poles seem obsessed about this ww2 thing so i thought i 'd give them an answer . 
  ww2 pretty fucked us and we 're nation with fragile morals ( since second half of xvii century we 're unlucky and france is rich famous great power :p )  finally , poland was a quasi-dictatorship that took a part of czechia with nazi germany . 
  do n't pretend you 're angels . 
  you did n't deserve us .
