you just wait !, 
  soon we will into space too !, 
  poland can into neurosurgery . 
  the research part in the whole deal is done by the brits , and hence getting the proper funding as far as i know . 
  of course more money should be thrown at the experimental surgery ( especially in the neuro field ) but that 's a statement you could hear in every single research centre in existence . 
  harvesting the olfactory bulb is an integral part of the process , and in theory lab grown cells could be used instead . 
  but why would you ? 
  we do n't have proper tech , but even if w did there there is a question of surface protein compatibility . 
  it 's a good efficient method that suits the purpose right now . 
  there is of course a possibility of a glioma growth , but it 's a minor one . 
  if the cell cancer prevention mechanisms are intact , there should n't be any abnormalities when it comes to mass growth . 
  a member of science club of neurosurgery in wroclaw here , and a frequent guest on a surgical ward in which the procedure has been performed . 
  feel free to ask any questions , i 'll answer them right after i 'm back from uni . 
  for the love of god , this is / int / without all the crap , stop bringing those things over here . 
  you ca n't really avoid memorizing huge chunks of information in medicine ( pharm , anatomy ) but my point is that in theory the focus is ( or at least should be ) put elsewhere . 
  as a med student : no , at least in poland they are n't , the main goal was always to be able to quickly react to problems , and solve the medical riddles . 
  there is much more deduction going on then a simple `` memorise , repeat . '', 
  this is the only uplifting thing in the whole conflict . 
  this and possibly a new era of space program ? 
  pls , guys . 
  cold war is a really good name for a distro . 
  lets rebrand gentoo into cold war . 
  it even fits the general theme of gentoo . 
  cold war 1.2 then ? 
  brace yourselves for a cold war 2.0 !, 
  this will be so common in the nearest future that i can guarantee that press will quickly abandon the subject . 
   didnt usa and europe first tried to use their economic power and sanctions against russia ? 
  are you serious ? 
  did n't they do so in response to violation of ukraine political integrity ? 
  russia acts like a bully , and uses `` poor russians '' argument to force ukraine into puppet state again . 
  then eu in response imposes sanctions ( and does so openly ) . 
  what does russia do then ? 
  they fire back , but ( being innocents as they always were ) use a bunch of arguments such as `` polish apples are infected with a sneaky anti-russian disease '' or `` excuse us , we did not notice a drop in gas sent to poland , that must be a mistake '' . 
  yeah . 
  of course , let 's treat eu 's and russia 's actions the same . 
  i welcome german troops with open arms . 
  the more the merrier . 
  i 'm dead serious . 
  guys , the last time we had major conflict we moved our beautiful capitol from a gorgeous city of krak\u00f3w to a village called warsaw . 
  judging by his comments , the more he is paid by kremlin the wider is the gap he is willing to leap inductively . 
  i always assumed it was designed to be quirky , absurd and somewhat corny . 
  attracting attention through absurdity is basically abc of marketing . 
  i should know , the whole `` hovercraft '' monty python gag is stuck in my head better then `` duck tales '' lyrics . 
  so you could say that the campaign was a success . 
  there is only one answer to that question : [ enjoy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spnepzuy2v4 ) and if you want something that 's more recent and more `` western '' : [ listen to this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rchakk7e0xa ), 
  oh god , this is friggin amazing , i think i 've just found my next favourite copypasta . 
  and with a passive-aggressive smiley at the end , 10/10 . 
  never give up . 
  90 % of polish doctors do n't even vaccinate their kids , just a thought future polish doc here ( 1 year left till earning my md ) . 
  you are full of shit . 
  i do n't know one doctor with kids that were not vaccinated . 
  you are just pulling shit out of your ass , because you were too lazy to learn basic biology and chemistry in school , and now you spend your time on anti-vac blogs written by people like you , kidding yourself that you 're doing something substantial . 
  if you 're so into vac denial-ism , go to university , earn your degree and apply for a position in a immunology reaserch lab and try to prove that what you 're thinking is true . 
  but , wait , you ca n't because that requires not being a lazy piece of shit . 
  oh , you are one of those types : biology and chemistry was hard at school , so you read some anti vac blogs and realized you understand more than the scientific world does . 
   is that a 120 mm cannon , or are you just happy to see me ? 
   i 'm not really sure what you refer to . 
  do you mean our brand-new cutting-edge super-duper-futuristic-looking pl-01 ? 
  jesus , that 's a slick looking tank , 10/10 would drive it to work , and to pick up kids from school . 
  i 've never even been baptised . 
  i 've been born in a country that it 's 90 % catholic , while at the same time people actually practicing are less than 20 % of a population . 
  you say things like  you 're a christian with hinduism stuck in there in a pathetic attempt to try to seem neutral when i clearly wrote that i identify as an atheist too . 
  you say that i hate muslims , when all i wrote that some sects ( or splinter groups ) of muslim faith are violent . 
  why are you trying to warp my responses to make me appear a christian nut who wants his believes protected and other crushed ? 
  are you lacking arguments in that discussion ? 
   some religions more worthy of respect than others you seem to think and you do n't ? 
  some sects of hindu are basically `` do no harm incorporated '' , while at the same time violent muslim sects are beheading a msf doctor working in africa ? 
   idea that there was this guy 2,000 years ago who walked on water changed water into wine raised people from the dead and then died himself and got up again after ? 
  i can smell the fedora from here . 
  it 's one thing to be a non believer and quite another to try to be disrespectful on purpose . 
  people like you are the sole reason people have negative connotations with the word atheist . 
  truly we as a group are worse than some crazy christians . 
  do you think crazies who walk around the market square carrying pics of aborted fetuses , spouting bullshit about massive genocide should be allowed to do so ? 
   is south park illegal in poland ? 
  is it being aired on a billboard in a public space ? 
  if not , than it 's not illegal . 
   what if fsm people started protesting pasta restaurants for cooking and serving their god for people to eat ? 
  should they be shut down ? 
  quality strawman . 
   ca n't make fun of xenu ? 
  i can . 
  in a public space . 
  it 's a cult , not a religion . 
   is onion ? 
  am i forced to read the magazine ? 
  is it broadcasted in a public space ? 
  seems like you have completely missed my point . 
  you ca n't be forced to view disturbing material . 
  if pics of mohammad or buddha g having anal sex with a goat sound like an insightful critique of religion to you that 's great , enjoy it at home and share it on the internet . 
  just do n't force others to look at it , and do n't provoke religious people for the sake of provoking , because it does n't prove anything . 
  not everybody is stuck in an angry militant atheist phase . 
  can someone explain to me why blasphemy laws are a bad thing ? 
  how it currently works in poland is you can actually make an art installation depicting a penis on a cross our some other angsty bullshit , but only if it 's in an art gallery for example . 
  if you try to publicly show that thing you are risking a lawsuit . 
  same goes for extreme and graphic violence and pornography . 
  it 's not censorship , it 's protecting public space from unnecessary things that are controversial for the sake of being controversial . 
  unregulated freedom of speech is not necessarily a good thing . 
  example : us and kkk rallies . 
  ah , i get it . 
  i 'd argue that the collective mental breakdown is n't even a british thing .
