  he was educating us on many things . 
  croatia will be a colony of eu and will be swallowed up by the evilz . 
  and i was like `` yolo , that 's how we roll here . '', 
  according to nigel , we left one yugoslavia just to enter another one , the eu is bribing our politicians . 
  shit , i bribe them too , we call it taxes and voting and kilos of prsut to my `` uncle '' in the parliament . 
  eu funds are the lube for the rekt . 
  then we had an economist trying to explain him a thing or two about you know ... national economics of currency in croatia but he was all `` me no talk no economics . '', 
  then he said we were selling out our country . 
  well , yeah , not like we 're into running it , silly troll . 
  but hey , he hides his money from the tax faeries too so all is forgiven . 
  mind you he did once also say that east european immigrants , including croatians are not his cuppa of tea unlike past colonial countries immigrants . 
  first of all , i gave cro candy to my brit buddies and they were effectively bribed into friendship . 
  they 're cheap like that . 
  look , just cause we never submitted to her greatness the uk or their various frolicking tribes over centuries , does n't mean we do n't share same values . 
  like , i too enjoy `` only fools and horses . '', 
  who can you trust if not cia ? 
  they 're known for the truth and nothing but the truth . 
  i can feel the christmas spirit of giving now . 
  finnish lawyers not real either , yo . 
  so stylish . 
  all natural . 
  the jelly grows cause you 're multilingual . 
  let him or her deflect to greener and bigger pastures . 
  `` biti bolje '' use grammar lil one , and you 're one of us ... nah , wait , we do n't do grammar . 
  it 's fine then . 
  i smile with my eyes and my soul . 
  not gon na get us !, 
  stop triggering people . 
  smiles and `` have a nice day '' are capitalist propaganda . 
  nice day , my ass . 
  lolek and bolek plus version . 
  i was planning a weekend gateway , but why not an entire week away to germany . 
  pack your shit !, 
  time to put fear of slavs into the west !, 
  lodge right deep into their sour hearts . 
  slava !, 
  why did n't he go for being a comedian ? 
  he 'd make millions easier than this politician baloney ... and he 's so hilarious and talented . 
  he came to croatia once , and the lulz were epic . 
  fake leaflet is fake , yo . 
  sure , why not ? 
  such sweeties they are . 
  gon na call , are n't ya ? 
  go for it . 
  freedom ? 
  what is it good for ? 
  absolutely nothing , you only get responsibilities . 
  icky !, 
  muh body is n't ready for liberation . 
  thanks tho . 
  unclench , sweden , unclench, 
  `` the islamic calendar is quite different from the one we use in the west . 
  it begins , not with the birth of christ , but with the hijra , the day muhammad `` emigrated '' from mecca to medina to set up his new social order . 
  muslims date everything from that event , usually considered to correspond to september 20th , 622 in the gregorian calendar . 
  then , the hijri calendar is lunar , and not solar like the gregorian calendar . 
  the qur ` an stipulates ( 10:5 ) that the new moon be used to mark the first day of each month . 
  since the average interval between new moons is 29 days , 12 hours , 44 minutes and 3 seconds , the lunar months alternate between 29 and 30 days in length . 
  any given month will have 29 days some years and 30 days in others . 
  the new moon must also be visually sighted for the new month to start ; mathematical calculation is not valid . 
  because of this requirement one can never be sure in advance precisely when the month of ramadan will begin and one should start fasting . 
  because of this , although the islamic lunar year has 12 months , it has only 354 days on an average . 
  the qur ` an ( 9:36 -37 ) forbids the periodic insertion of a 13th month to keep it in line with the solar year . 
  hence , the islamic calendar travels backward through the solar calendar about 11 days per year , returning to the same solar time in about 33 lunar years . 
  thus , 33 lunar years equal 32 solar years . '', 
  what year is it in islam ? 
  each numbered year is designated either `` h '' for hijra or `` ah '' for the latin anno hegirae ( `` in the year of the hijra '' ) ; hence , muslims typically call their calendar the hijri calendar . 
  the current islamic year is 1437 ah . 
  in the gregorian calendar , 1437 ah runs from approximately 14 october 2015 to 2 october 2016 . '', 
  you do get that some areas , parts of countries , cultures may have different calendars , and if you live in a very backwater part of some of these migrants ' countries it is possible they do n't even have a proper record/document or database . 
  not to say that this is very common and to blindly trust everyone . 
  i do n't even put money in blue envelopes , i just put a couple of slices of prsut in . 
  works every time !, 
  prsuting is n't corruption . 
  it 's the most beautiful way to say merci !, 
  they were national socialists that went after globalist socialist and other flavors of socialism because `` competition '' as is usual in most socialism structures . 
  lets not pretend that the political rectums of the world are just two dimensional . 
  germany was a socialist state , not capitalist . 
  `` what mises identified was that private ownership of the means of production existed in name only under the nazis and that the actual substance of ownership of the means of production resided in the german government . 
  for it was the german government and not the nominal private owners that exercised all of the substantive powers of ownership : it , not the nominal private owners , decided what was to be produced , in what quantity , by what methods , and to whom it was to be distributed , as well as what prices would be charged and what wages would be paid , and what dividends or other income the nominal private owners would be permitted to receive . 
  the position of the alleged private owners , mises showed , was reduced essentially to that of government pensioners . 
  de facto government ownership of the means of production , as mises termed it , was logically implied by such fundamental collectivist principles embraced by the nazis as that the common good comes before the private good and the individual exists as a means to the ends of the state . 
  if the individual is a means to the ends of the state , so too , of course , is his property . 
  just as he is owned by the state , his property is also owned by the state . 
  but what specifically established de facto socialism in nazi germany was the introduction of price and wage controls in 1936 . 
  these were imposed in response to the inflation of the money supply carried out by the regime from the time of its coming to power in early 1933 . 
  the nazi regime inflated the money supply as the means of financing the vast increase in government spending required by its programs of public works , subsidies , and rearmament . 
  the price and wage controls were imposed in response to the rise in prices that began to result from the inflation . 
  the effect of the combination of inflation and price and wage controls is shortages , that is , a situation in which the quantities of goods people attempt to buy exceed the quantities available for sale . 
  shortages , in turn , result in economic chaos . 
  it 's not only that consumers who show up in stores early in the day are in a position to buy up all the stocks of goods and leave customers who arrive later , with nothing -- a situation to which governments typically respond by imposing rationing . 
  shortages result in chaos throughout the economic system . 
  they introduce randomness in the distribution of supplies between geographical areas , in the allocation of a factor of production among its different products , in the allocation of labor and capital among the different branches of the economic system . 
  in the face of the combination of price controls and shortages , the effect of a decrease in the supply of an item is not , as it would be in a free market , to raise its price and increase its profitability , thereby operating to stop the decrease in supply , or reverse it if it has gone too far . 
  price control prohibits the rise in price and thus the increase in profitability . 
  at the same time , the shortages caused by price controls prevent increases in supply from reducing price and profitability . 
  when there is a shortage , the effect of an increase in supply is merely a reduction in the severity of the shortage . 
  only when the shortage is totally eliminated does an increase in supply necessitate a decrease in price and bring about a decrease in profitability . 
  as a result , the combination of price controls and shortages makes possible random movements of supply without any effect on price and profitability . 
  in this situation , the production of the most trivial and unimportant goods , even pet rocks , can be expanded at the expense of the production of the most urgently needed and important goods , such as life-saving medicines , with no effect on the price or profitability of either good . 
  price controls would prevent the production of the medicines from becoming more profitable as their supply decreased , while a shortage even of pet rocks prevented their production from becoming less profitable as their supply increased .
