metaphors , people , metaphors, 
  what the fuck is wrong with you germany ? 
  mother of all gods ... 
  i never said i was for banning freaking stars , you illiterate troll . 
  omg , nobody cares about hasanbegovic . 
  not even his mother . 
  oh you moralist righteous slovaks , educate me moarh why do n't you . 
  ... you never vote for germany in eurovision ? 
  they 're in a better place now . 
  what exactly is the point of that article ? 
  no , seriously ? 
  what ? 
  to up the fears and panic ? 
  to up more so called moralizing about dah ebilz of the past ? 
  what ? 
  my mother was taught that germans were evil . 
  not human , not in any way or shape similar to her . 
  she was also taught what else to think in political and social engineering ideologies in school during yugoslavia . 
  all that indoctrination had a purpose . 
  as most do , duh . 
  so again , whats the purpose of this article ? 
  are the authors solving nazism with it ? 
  is mentioning that gobbles was a propaganda wanker just like most of today 's media whether you like to admit to yourself or not , really nazism ? 
  why would anyone run from their own countries and culture to a nazi humping country ? 
  are they all so daft and want to experience the german ebilz ? 
  will the language of nazism ( whatever that means ) kill people ? 
  will it attack them at festivals and new year 's because `` cultural differences '' ? 
  will it axe or machete people in broad daylight ? 
  actions of some muslims are oh so irrelevant even if they 're yelling allah ackbar , but words of some germans is hitler rising himself ? 
  get real , people . 
  sounds oh i do n't know ... supremacist to consider only white devils words seriously . 
  some would call it ... racist . 
  jesus did n't either . 
  peta was here . 
  they came , they set them free , nobody thought of bringing water bags . 
  at least the fish experienced freedom if only for some agonizing moments ... 
  yeah , voat is known for their love of communism . 
  the lulz just keeps on giving . 
  well then , options are on the table and open like ava karabatic 's mind . 
  funny you should mention that ... `` early christians used the fish as a recognition sign of their religion . 
  it is also identified as the `` ichthus , '' an acronym from the greek , `` iesous christos theou uios soter , '' or `` jesus christ the son of god , saviour . '', 
  oxford english dictionary ( c.e. ), 
  defines `` ichthyic '' as `` of , pertaining to , or characteristic of fishes ; the fish world in all its orders . '', 
  but contemporary jesus worshippers might be surprised , even outraged , to learn that one of their preeminent religious symbols antedated the christian religion , and has its roots in pagan fertility awareness and sexuality . 
  barbara g. walker writes in `` the woman 's dictionary of symbols and sacred objects , '' that the acronym pertaining to jesus christ was a `` rationale invented after the fact ... christians simply copied this pagan symbol along with many others . '', 
  ichthys was the offspring son of the ancient sea goddess atargatis , and was known in various mythic systems as tirgata , aphrodite , pelagia or delphine . 
  the word also meant `` womb '' and `` dolphin '' in some tongues , and representations of this appeared in the depiction of mermaids . 
  the fish also a central element in other stories , including the goddess of ephesus ( who has a fish amulet covering her genital region ) , as well as the tale of the fish that swallowed the penis of osiris , and was also considered a symbol of the vulva of isis . 
  along with being a generative and reproductive spirit in mythology , the fish also has been identified in certain cultures with reincarnation and the life force . 
  sir james george frazer noted in his work , `` adonis , attis , osiris : studies in the history of oriental religion '' ( part four of his larger work , `` the golden bough '' ) that among one group in india , the fish was believed to house a deceased soul , and that as part of a fertility ritual specific fish is eaten in the belief that it will be reincarnated in a newborn child . 
  well before christianity , the fish symbol was known as `` the great mother , '' a pointed oval sign , the `` vesica piscis '' or vessel of the fish . 
  `` fish '' and `` womb '' were synonymous terms in ancient greek , `` delphos . '', 
  its link to fertility , birth , feminine sexuality and the natural force of women was acknowledged also by the celts , as well as pagan cultures throughout northern europe . 
  eleanor gaddon traces a `` cult of the fish mother '' as far back as the hunting and fishing people of the danube river basin in the sixth millennium b.c.e. 
  over fifty shrines have been found throughout the region which depict a fishlike deity , a female creature who `` incorporates aspects of an egg , a fish and a woman which could have been a primeval creator or a mythical ancestress ... '' the `` great goddess '' was portrayed elsewhere with pendulous breasts , accentuated buttocks and a conspicuous vaginal orifice , the upright `` vesica piscis '' which christians later adopted and rotated 90-degrees to serve as their symbol . '', 
  http://www.godlessgeeks.com/links/fish_symbol.htm enjoy the ... 
  `` fish . '', 
  nah , he converted to wicca after the cat burnings in medieval times by the cat-holics . 
  such betrayal . 
  they got around , the mofos , bringing `` peace '' to people like nigel does . 
  idek , there were invasions during ilyrians , some spears found from some celt tribes , during roman times etc etc. 
  i 'll pray for you sweden . 
  my cat will pray too . 
  yes , yes , yes all croats are ustashe and should be `` exterminated '' and blah blah blah . 
  now go masturbate to your benito mussolini . 
  how do you spot a hipster revolutionary then ? 
  most ca n't even grow a beard yet . 
  o_o `` you never forget your first . '', 
  yeah , yeah , but in all my years i 've never seen a pic of mussolini in public or private unless some italians suffering from dementia in istria need to be reeducated ... 
  those pasta-loving traitors !, 
  true that , but hey live and learn yolo . 
  absorb the evil and neutralize it with rakija . 
  amen . 
  nobody has enough money to pay me tbh , not here not abroad . 
  shrugs . 
  * rolls in the euro cents *, 
  yeah , sure , cool story bro . 
  how are the stalin monuments btw ? 
  not wanting to shake a woman 's hand , sexually assaulting women in winter coats , machete attacks is considered `` anti-feminism '' now ... lel , time for western women to migrate as well . 
  run now before its too late . 
  shake those honest hips !, 
  once upon a time , there were tribes humping about europe . 
  you ever heard of the celts , celtic britons , anglo-saxons etc ? 
  also , britain came and frolicked during the napoleonic wars , when the dalmatian coast and islands were part of the french empire . 
  brits even occupied some islands for several years as a naval base before it was handed back to austria . 
  we do n't forget . 
  it 's all a conspiracy . 
  baba vanga answered it . 
  gee , i wonder , is a leaflet without much official marks or source real ? 
  i am gon na have to contact my spirit guides for this one . 
  yeah , many countries have similar programs . 
  some countries have official programs or outreach for their own people or emigrants or children of past emigrants for national interest reasons but usually you do it official and with actual ministers , presidents , prime ministers , diplomatic and consular offices frolicking around the world and yapping about how their homeland needs them back and that they 'll get this or that subsidy , incentive , appreciation , if they 'd only invest their money , lives , kids , and go back home yadda yadda blah blah . 
  some call it begging , some call it ass licking . 
  i call it whine and dine politics . 
  russia did n't invent anything . 
  this shit 's been going on for quite some time around the world . 
  leaflets are too lame for this . 
  you need some good direct response marketing and months of marshmallow approach for this to work . 
  russia knows psy-ops better than this . 
  emancipate yourselves and your mind from freedom , nobody can chain you up without your own assistance .
