  i said extremists , you went on to categorize them when i never did . 
  assholes wo n't pay their taxes ? 
  lower them , so they still wont but you 'll make less money . 
  win win . 
  til scotland is not a part of great britain, 
  her party is still the strongest by a lot . 
  oh what a loaded question . 
  i say extremist and you come around with your agenda . 
  do you really think that if the biggest economy in europe struggles that the rest will recover quicker ? 
   people were wondering only the reddit echo chamber was wondering, 
  if the eu fails we would be anything but ` fine ' for a decade . 
  saves a lot of money . 
  with all the allies we have europe can easily assemble an army that rivals everyone else . 
   purposefully start fucking up so they 'll kick you out you have n't been in the army have you ? 
   the army fired 25.000 rounds , which is 10 times more than the whole policeforce fired since 1988 . 
  because bullets fired = amount of action since 1988 ? 
  do n't forget : extremists are * always * the victim, 
  this does n't have anything to do with the military . 
  it would be an economic crisis . 
  that stock photo though , pretty misleading . 
  not to mention that the `` article '' consists of 3 sentences . 
  a bit sensationalist if you ask me . 
  i 'd say it 's manageable . 
  1 . you 're way too late for this discussion 2 . you ca n't live off unemployment benefits until death , that 's not how that system works, 
  as i said  there is no ** realistic ** scenario, 
   stop blaming white people for your low iqs and tendency for violent crime . 
  most black people who die violently do so at the hands of their fellow blacks , and a white person is far more likely to be murdered , raped or assaulted by a black person than vice versa . 
   +552 holy shit youtube comments, 
   could it fall anymore ? 
  i do n't know if there is a number lower than 47 . 
  i should check my calculator . 
  the `` bundestagswahl '' ( parliamentary elections ) is next year . 
  based on current polls her party would get the most votes . 
  we have referendums in some states , but not nation wide ( which i 'm honestly happy about after seeing how the brexit went down ) . 
   she decides this herself . 
  she forces it through herself last i 've heard we 're still living in a democratic republic, 
  lizardpeople ? 
  as long as merkel wants she is going be chancellor . 
  there is no realistic scenario where germany would want to get rid of her . 
  if we like one thing it 's predictability and stability . 
  or maybe they do n't get their opinions on reddit . 
  i think it 's because i called you out on your bullshit . 
  you ca n't just `` quit '' social security . 
  if that would be possible every top earner would have already done it and the whole system would have collapsed . 
   but i 'd still wager any day that getting `` free money '' for doing nothing is counter productive and keeps people `` content '' with much less than what they could achieve on their own what would you change ? 
  give the unemployed no money `` to give them motivation '' ? 
   it means i wrote a letter to them quitting the insurance system i call bs  i chose to live off my work instead of any social insurance so i do n't have that in sweden but you still pay insurance fees , do you ? 
   i actually quit the insurance program how would that even work ? 
  my guess would be you just moved to another country so you just moved from the danish social security system to the swedish one . 
  or are you telling me you are n't paying social security in sweden ? 
  i have an ideology now ? 
  wtf i just do n't see the blogpost supporting your claim . 
  i 'd say the `` american dream '' is a myth these days . 
  there are few that live it , while most that are stuck at the bottom stay at the bottom . 
  if everyone would give their share back to society this would n't be a problem , like we see with denmark . 
  yes , that 's why his story makes no sense . 
  why would he be unemployed if he wanted to do that ? 
  help me find his reason why you ca n't implement a system like the nordic states have in other countries please . 
  it 's a good route as well , but why not do both ? 
  you can limit your meat consumption and implement innovations . 
  the difference being that you can do one of those things in an instant . 
  i 'm also curious how you `` waived your rights to social insurance '' . 
  this would n't work in germany , is sweden different in this regard ? 
  he said  this effectively prevents you from doing smart things like starting your own company why would you even be unemployed if you could start your own company ? 
  it does n't make sense . 
  you call that a debunk ? 
  that 's a few statistics with interpretations , without any suggestion that it would n't work . 
  why did n't you find a job in denmark ? 
  also i highly doubt that you would need unemployment benefits if you 'd be able to found your own company . 
  edit : can a dane chime in and tell me if you can `` quit '' the social security system ? 
  my bad , i meant greenhouse gasses , such as co2 and methane . 
  meat production is the biggest source of ~ ~ co2 ~ ~ greenhouse gasses , even more than cars, 
  their longbowman just are n't scary anymore now that we have bombers and rocket artillery . 
  i guess he means bavaria, 
  he also said that he was a big bus enthusiast since his early childhood . 
  it 's also unclear how he managed to get the skills to drive a bus . 
  can we just * not * for a second ? 
  yeah , he 's still driving as we speak . 
  both the axe man and the bomber were labeled terrorists, 
  nothing says peaceful negotiations like sending warships, 
  just let them walk free , got it . 
  i agree , we should punish him harder . 
  maybe throw stones at him ? 
  or some lashes ? 
  when does someone lose the right to be treated like a human being ? 
  after killing 5 people ? 
  what if they 're children ? 
  something like . . a cell in a jail ? 
  the '' '' '' '' `` article '' '' '' '' '' is just the video description slightly rewritten . 
  it does n't have a source . 
  ca n't believe someone did n't come up with that idea sooner !, 
  quick , tell everyone !, 
  i would n't feel comfortable letting a known terrorist get away without punishment . 
  so you would just let terrorists go instead of prosecuting them ? 
  and they are walking around with it all day too , right ? 
  they basically copied the video description . 
  quality journalism right there . 
  more guns = more safe . 
  ca n't argue with that . 
  would n't be the first time someone used footage out of context to push an agenda by fabricating some subtitles or a description .
