[ we did :( ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hvdqxhmezqo ), 
  why do i always get messages from posts that are already a day old ? 
  and it 's always someone writing alt-right talking points . 
   @potus   coming over for some war @a $ $ ad, 
  face covering at prostests is already banned . 
  and that 's why we wo n't ban the burka anyway . 
  that 's also not true . 
  if you ban full face covering , why would n't it ? 
  have you ever been skiing in bad weather ? 
  yes there have been incidents of homes in poor condition . 
  but you ca n't compare refugee homes to a prison because of some incidents . 
  that 's why they learn german and get slowly integrated into our society . 
  not to mention that you ca n't compare the situation in refugee camps to prisons in any way . 
  so you do n't ever decide stuff based on logic and reason ? 
  of course , big political decisions like this are often made because of feelings . 
   refugees , they are only a small percentage of these migrants this is not true . 
  not to mention that these economic migrants have an approval rate of nearly 0 % . 
  edit : only / r/europe can find this controversial . . 
  you should better go back to your cheeto jesus sub for damage control instead of lecturing europeans on their matters . 
  well , if you say so, 
   there is no drawback between ak-47 and mp-5 . 
  i would even say the mp-5 is a superior weapon in this situation . 
  why would the police want it then ? 
   normal cops get like no range time . 
  this is wrong , they have mandatory training multiple times a year . 
  there is no drawback giving them rifles , they should n't have to fight with a mp5 against an ak47 . 
  special units already carry assault rifles , they have better stopping power . 
  when terrorists use them police should too . 
  i fail to see why they should n't . 
  longer range , better accuracy and larger calibre . 
  if something like paris happens here then rifles would be pretty useful . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  white genocide is only one million refugees away . 
  well it does n't because you 're part of that group , so i wo n't discuss this with you . 
  not just who , but where . 
   federal police equipped with body cameras not only federal . 
  plus they want to equip them with rifles ( right now the `` normal '' police only has a mp5 ) . 
   removal of german citizenship for is fighters `` germans who fight for a terrorist organization '' , not just is . 
   norwegian government members , including the prime minister , erna solberg , repeatedly urged british voters not to follow the norway example , saying : `` do not leave the eu , you will hate it . '' should have listened to them, 
  click on `` other discussions '' to see who upvotes this, 
  go back to / pol / with that, 
  he 's an elaborate troll, 
  such an original meme !, 
  ca n't have a thread without refugees . 
  why would you look by age ? 
  that 's ~ 2.7 % of our population . 
  not to mention that this number does n't reflect the rejected refugees . 
   infrastructure , education and welfare in the past decade , though compared to 100 billion those were mere peanuts . 
  til ~ 170 billion in 2016 ( ~ 1,500-1 ,700 billion in a decade ) are [ peanuts ] ( https://www.bundeshaushalt-info.de/#/2016/soll/ausgaben/einzelplan.html ) compared to ~ 25 billion a year over the next 4 years . 
  only if you do n't live in such a country . 
  if you do it makes perfect sense . 
  i would n't have it any other way . 
  no , silly . 
  the eu did that . 
  i already found that myself , however i ca n't access the source, 
  unfortunately i ca n't access that source . 
  do you have anything more recent than 2004 ? 
  neat , did n't know that . 
  i know what you 're doing , but the usa is a safe country by international standards . 
  ca n't get asylum coming from there . 
   502 people surveyed on august 4 i 'll take that with a grain of salt, 
  is there a source on this ? 
  asylum rules would n't allow that . 
  10 easy ways to make money off youtube : 1 . 
  make `` 10 x you must try '' videos, 
  the mistake they 've made is to keep their name that stands against police killing blacks . 
  that 's not an issue in europe , so people wo n't take their movement seriously . 
  not three and a half ? 
  i was thinking of a war between countries , not terrorist attacks or something i have n't even heard much about . 
  on one hand people do n't want refugees to live off welfare , on the other hand they do n't want to enable them to work . 
  it 's a bit strange . 
  because that 's a realistic scenario that we have to be worried about, 
  i just do n't like to waste my time arguing with someone that clearly does n't know what he is talking about . 
  but good on you for calling me out on that !, 
  if a country needs to defend itself it can use their own airfields . 
  aircraft carriers are used to `` defend '' someone 's interests on the other side of the world . 
  or maybe most people know when someone spouts bullshit nationalistic propaganda . 
  but surely they are just the victim of the cruel pc crowd !, 
   the wars stopped cause you realized that both usa and russia could destroy all of you . 
  this is quite possibly the stupidest thing i 've read all day . 
  i 'm not gon na bother to argue with someone * that * ignorant and stupid . 
  what 's there to be afraid of ? 
  no one would even try wage war against europe . 
  i know a story of a continent that had multiple wars every century but suddenly stopped 70 years ago . 
  but thanks to human nature that 's about to end * any time now * . 
  can confirm , 
  this view is as antique as the language it 's written in . 
   kill or be killed . 
  yes , we should give up on our advanced society , bring back the death penalty and all the other good stuff we left behind . 
  #everyone knows you 're right when you write bold, 
  shit , i forgot we 're on the brink of war . 
  terrorists are portrayed as victims ? 
  damn what are you smoking ?? 
  i 'm gon na go ahead and call troll , have fun with your agenda . 
  oh yeah , i forgot how hard the lives of rich persons are . 
  how dare we want them to contribute to society so everyone has a decent life . 
  next time i 'll explicitly say all extremists , so even agenda driven idiots like you will understand it . 
  which makes perfect sense since the discussion on reddit happens because of news articles . 
  but if you wonder why she is still popular you do n't know what 's happening here . 
  no i did n't , it 's what you wanted to hear .
