you literally would n't be able to wait for it . . 
  i do n't think there is a balkan country that can say a good thing about any of it 's neighbors . 
  do you have evidence ( hard facts ) for that claim ? 
  why so jelly ? 
  did n't your commie guy win the un post ? 
  you will be disappointed to learn you are very misinformed . 
  `` bulgarian government did n't push ... '' . 
  were you there ? 
  ( possibly another misinformation . 
  you should really consider changing your sources . ), 
  the deal features lifting the visa needs for every bulgarian ( and romanian ) citizen . 
  and this should happen until the end of 2017 . 
  yeah , lol . . why not form something like a bloc with russia ... that should be a really great idea , no ? 
  i 'm not saying canada has no right to ... whatsoever . 
  i was trying to say that eu could have pressured canada to lift visas for bulgaria and romania if it defended their interest and the whole principle of eu 's members having same rights and stuff . 
  that 's why bulgarian and romanian governments had no choice but to use the opportunity to rise the topic on their own . 
  on second hand , it 's quite ridiculous for bulgaria and romania to accept ceta because canadians would be doing business in them without restrictions and when a bulgarian or romanian would like to do business in canada they would need visas ... 
  joke ? 
  eu could 've made usa and canada pretty easy to lift visas for bulgaria and romania . 
  seriously , that 's the worst thing that can happen to them ... billions of bulgarians and romanians will flood their lands and rape their children ... get serious , bro . 
  so , you are telling me that small ( economically ) countries like bulgaria and romania have no saying in world politics and that they just play puppet roles in order to fulfill the desires of top 5 economies ? 
  there 's abso-f #ckin - lutely no way you are right ... 
  please , feel invited to elaborate ... what exactly do bulgaria and romania `` do not respect '' ? 
  if we are talking about rights , then , according to eu law and principles bulgaria and romania have the right to veto ( not accept ) the ceta deal . 
  everybody has rights , man ... 
  i 'm just starting to loose what exactly are you trying to prove ? 
  the visas should n't have been there in the first place . 
  wow , bro , you took our lands once ... and you want me to trust you on this matter ? 
  why not include sofia to the list with belgrade and bucharest ? 
  ( i 'm asking because i 'm curious you think it 's different case there or you just missed it out ), 
  bulgaria joined powerhouses before . . they all have been crushed . 
  you do n't want bulgaria on your side , trust me . 
  the person who made the list clearly overlooked ( or did n't know much about ) bulgaria . 
  plovdiv ( one of the oldest towns in europe ) : http://eurocleftnet2013.cim.bg/images/uploads/temp_file_793710_10151289682512831_1877201371_o1.jpg veliko tarnovo : http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/85364489.jpg sofia : https://sofia-art-galleries.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/sofia-at-night-.jpg varna : http://visit.varna.bg/media/cache/63/1d/thumb7_dsc_5334.jpg not including squares of towns in hungary and greece is also disappointing . 
  romania surpasses bulgaria once more . 
  damn , romania , can we have some parameter/indicator ahead of you , jees . 
  not funny , romania . 
  not funny once more ... :(, 
  russia was ` cruel ' to people of turkic origin because of their historic background . 
  and they have been right to do so , because in the case of turkey you can judge someone by their history , because you , neanderthals , keep repeating it . 
  you should also apologize for invading and slaving balkan countries 700 years ago . 
  yeah , that task is like 700 years overdue , unfortunately . 
  hahaha , lol-ed so hard !, 
  that 's not completely accurate . 
  the tv tower in ruse for instance is taller than that with 204m structure length . 
  yet , there are taller structures like industrial chimneys . 
  if we include those , the tallest building would be the aurubis chimney in zlatitsa ( 325,4 m ) : http://icmm2016.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/p1260395redo.jpg but i do n't think that was the purpose of this `` the tallest building '' thing . 
  the tallest building excluding tv towers , antennas and chimneys is the capital fort building in sofia with its 126m : https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/lngl1rjjek0uylvcugiiz03jaegepqmyqhgjhjiwflg=w871-h653-no, 
  there goes the 350m weekly ... 
  so , it is distressing to have the same opinion as your country 's pm which has the support of 33 % of the population . 
  well , ok then . 
  keep on the blind hate , bro , that 's making the difference for sure . 
  maybe you should be the next pm of bulgaria , we could totally use someone with your prophecy skills . 
  edit : meant 33 % ( source - last elections ) . 
  it 's still the majority . 
  sorry , romania , but that project is a nonsense . 
  we do n't want destroyers and battleships on our black sea resorts . 
  there are enough guns and shooting on the ground already . 
  i think there 's a big increase in bulgaria also . 
  thanks erdogan . 
  yeah , i do n't think we enjoyed that `` living together '' project the first time . 
  first of all , bulgaria is not worse in every way than romania . 
  secondly , bulgarians are the same ( if not worse ) when it comes to complaining . 
  it 's like you are living in a different country . 
  i was there last week . 
  a really nice place . 
  they are dead either way . 
  please , everything but bsp ... 
  glad that came to an end and most of us do n't have to face a moronic dictator right now . 
  no , man , i think you got it wrong . 
  they were indians from mexico . 
  bulgaria on three seas . 
  sofia is a beautiful city . 
  haters gon na hate . 
  bulgaria should be in brown ... guess why . 
  i think plovdiv would also be a good nomination : http://cabinflooresoterica.com/images/plovdiv/plovdiv-06.jpg, 
  lol 'd so hard :d, 
  you missed the part where you change a letter in the polish alphabet and then call it `` krakowian language '' . 
  later on we 'll learn the truth about polish language is in fact that it came from krakowian . 
  one of the most awesome things i 've seen . 
  you 've been very inspirational , romania . 
  especially for my country . 
  let 's hope we wake up also ... 
  ours does n't get any weaker than that , trust me ... :d, 
  if this happens really it will be awesome !, 
  but to be honest , i think it is just facebook hype . 
  i hope there would be at least 50 + people on sunday . 
  either way , best of luck with your fight , romanian bros. 
  yes , we should change all existing rules for the liking of the special snowflake ... 
  typical . 
  did n't know this guy existed till today ... lol . 
  i think given that 90 % of bulgarians go every summer to northern greece and spend all their money on gyros and ouzo . . things equal out . 
  `` the pessimist complains about the wind . 
  the optimist expects it to change . 
  the realist adjusts the sails . '', 
  william arthur ward, 
  `` 404 - not found '', 
  sexy mayor is so close to bulgaria ... should visit :d, 
  the only pile of shit is your thinking patterns , unfortunately very typical bulgarian . 
  `` vute has better '' ... sofia is a great capital and bulgaria is pretty decent country if you compare it with all but if you compare with vute you 'll always see shit .
