  if a trial is appealed a new judgement is required , going over all the facts again - it 's basically a new trial . 
  this second judgement can also be appealed by both parties , but in this case it will lead to a special court ( cassazione ) judging on the formal aspects of the trial ( i.e. 
  if everything was done according to form and right ) . 
  this court can invalidate a previous judgement , requiring that it must be repeated . 
  in principle this means that both parties can be protected from judgement errors and mistrials . 
  in practice this is abused heavily , clogging the system in the hope that someone will find you in the right or otherwise the trial will go on so long that it will be invalidated by time limitations . 
  i know only one person who has a dryer . 
  everyone just uses a clothes stand or similar stuff . 
  a lot of homes in italy have at least a small balcony that you can use for that , or a small room or even a set of retractable clothes lines over the bath tub . 
  the general feeling is that a drier ruins clothes a lot quicker and leaves a bad smell on clothes , at least compared with air drying them , especially outside . 
  it also helps that most of italy has sunny weather most of the year . 
  in most cases if you 're reasonable and do n't behave like a smartass the police wo n't bother with fines , if the issue is minor . 
  italians are actually often anti-patriotic , to the point that they will generally disbelieve positive facts about their country . 
  even jokes that in other countries would apply to a neighbor in italy focus instead on italians themselves . 
  it does create a bit of a vicious circle , as many ideas and initiatives are often shot down even before attempting them . 
  ( `` you want to do that in * italy * ? 
  you 're crazy ! '' ), 
  things like singing the anthem outside of sports events or flag-waving are often associated with nationalistic/fascist nostalgia , since they were compulsory during the fascist regime . 
  the law proposal keeps getting bounced back and forth as there 's always some thing that someone will not accept , and then it gets sidelined because `` this is not important right now !!! '' . 
  it 's due for discussion again in january , so we 'll have to see what happens . 
  italians do n't generally go around with drinks to sip , except water . 
  coffee is meant to be consumed immediately , then you 're done with it . 
  if you 're sitting down for breakfast then you 'll most likely be having a cappuccino ( at the bar ) or caffelatte ( at home , coffe and milk ) or , sometimes , tea . 
  another difference i 've noticed is that in other countries people consume a lot more soda drinks , while in italy most people only drink water . 
  during meals when you do n't have to work afterwards also beer or wine . 
  soft drinks are mostly for parties , although coke is consumed with pizza sometimes . 
  binge drinking is also almost never done . 
  people who get really drunk are generally looked at quite poorly . 
  moderately tipsy is ok , but not more . 
  italy has something similar . 
  there is a number of ` collective contracts ' that are used for most jobs , depending on the category . 
  they are rarely renegotiated however . 
  every bathroom in private homes has one . 
  lack of bidets in foreign countries is the main concern of italians traveling abroad . 
  meal times are later than the rest of europe ( barring spain and greece ) : lunch is at 13.00 , dinner at 20.00 , later in the south . 
  coffee is always an espresso . 
  anything else is ` dirty dish water ' . 
  cappuccino is only drunk in the morning . 
  very common in italy as well , with the same name . 
  is n't the point exactly that italy is following them while germany is n't ? 
  in italy it varies a lot by region . 
  in some places the big meal is christmas eve 's dinner , in others it 's the christmas lunch . 
  in any case , especially in the south , it 's usually a giant banquet that goes on for hours , with all sorts of heavy duty stuff - lasagne , cannelloni , roasts , fish , stuffed produce ( zucchini , bell peppers , tomatoes ) and sweets . 
  it 's basically impossible to list common dishes as each family has its own staples and ` mandatory ' dishes , with some recurring ones depending on the region . 
  perhaps the only constant elements across italy are a few sweets/desserts : [ pandoro ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pandoro ) , [ panettone ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/panettone ) , [ panforte ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/panforte ) and [ torrone ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turr%c3%b3n#italian_torrone ) are usually found everywhere in addition to regional cakes . 
  media onslaught for an election a few years ago ... 
  if you do n't call it marriage and exclude child adoptions support is even higher , around 70 % i think . 
  the fights in parliament over the law are mostly about the so-called step child adoption , which the right wing parties see as too close to `` gay adoption '' , which to them is tantamount to murder and rape . 
  a group called `` sentinelle in piedi '' ( the standing watchers ) staged several demonstrations against gay marriage , but were almost always out-demonstrated by gay marriage supporters , even though in some cases tensions ran a bit too high , especially since the counter demonstrators wanted to be as noisy as possible to contrast the silent demonstration of the sentinelle . 
  search youtube for `` sentinelle in piedi '' if you want to find some videos . 
  in italian it 's called germania , but the adjective is `` tedesco '' . 
  those are more like token gestures to preserve their +1 halo of righteousness rather than actual effective actions . 
  how many companies can benefit from a fund fed by part of the salaries of some mps ? 
  who is going to decide how these funds are doled out ? 
  they do that so they can use it as a retort against other parties ( `` we sacrifice our salaries for the good of all while you steal !! '', 
  is used as often as possible ) . 
  it 's propaganda , paid in a different way . 
  so far they 've been voting against everything just to say they never vote like them . 
  take the civil unions law a few months ago : they said they agreed with it . 
  they said they would vote for it , then they did an about-face at the last moment and tanked it using a random excuse , so that the majority party could find itself in trouble and had to make a mess to get it through . 
  and that has been their behavior everywhere . 
  whenever they managed to get a majority position , or an important office , like electing mayors in important cities , they have immediately expelled the elected people at the first unpopular decision , blaming them for the controversy . 
  their new tactic is having candidates for any position sign a sort of suicide pact ( i.e. 
  pay an outrageous ` fine ' if they disobey party orders ) . 
  and ` party ' here means the secret ` staff ' employed by a marketing company who now and then issues new revelations about their policy . 
  i mean , they want the newly elected mayors to run all decisions through this ( privately owned ) ` staff ' for approval ... 
  about a week ago , after the reactions to the uk vote . 
  you know , it 's not enough to shout `` i 'm honest , really '' to claim moral superiority . 
  people who demand to be treated as if they had a glowing halo just because they say so are a bit scary . 
  there 's also the matter of competence : setting up a housewife for mayor just because she got 1000 votes on a video does not inspire confidence . 
  m5s has a vague set of rules , among which is the alleged need to have every important decision taken collectively by all the registered members using online votes . 
  these votes are organized and collected by the people who handle the official ` blog ' of the movement , a mysterious staff of people employed by casaleggio e associati , a company created by one of the cofounders of the movement and , after his recent death , owned by his son . 
  despite all the claims of transparency the voting operations are always very opaque , with voting windows being decided suddenly and unilaterally and no details being released beyond the end result . 
  voting happens directly on the blog itself . 
  often decisions are issued by these people and sent to people in office , be them town council members , mayors or members of parliament . 
  any alleged transgression may lead to a sudden expulsion vote from the party : the charges are published on the blog and the members must quickly vote on the expulsion . 
  this almost ( if not always ) leads to an expulsion from the party . 
  recently the ` directorate ' demanded that any m5s candidate sign a contract with a 150.000 $ penalty fee for who disobeys the ` party line ' , and mayors should submit all the town hall proceedings to the staff for review and possibly instructions . 
  in practice all the people elected under the m5s should behave as remote controlled robots or be punished . 
  the commands should come from the collective will of the registered members , but any votes are called by the ` staff ' at their whim , if at all . 
  even discounting any purported successes of other administrations ( and i ca n't easily name any m5s run city free from scandals or mess-ups ) i find upsetting and a bit sinister that the mayor of rome has to run any decision through a secret staff of ` approvers ' who are actually employees of a weird and secretive corporation with dubious goals . 
  reminds me of the berlusconi times ... 
  he 's beppe grillo , the non-leader of m5s , the against-everything populist party in italy . 
  it 's a vote on the government itself . 
  if it fails everybody goes home . 
  you can attach a confidence vote on some proceedings so if the fail a new government must be formed , and this is not what generally people want . 
  it should be used for serious stuff , but at times it 's used to strong arm some laws through against obstructionism , or just because . 
  it 's often a vicious circle : people dodge taxes , so more bureaucracy is created to catch them , so more people decide to not bother and on it goes . 
  you 'll find out that some places really have terrible luck with their cash register or card readers ... 
  they always seem to be broken and the repair technicians never show up ... 
  yes , southern gestures are often different from northern ones . 
  the former , in theory . 
  since the last electoral law was repealed we 're back to an older one which is mainly proportional . 
  since we have basically a 30-30-30 split in party support that will lead to useless governments . 
  the next government should attempt to fix it before going to elections . 
  mostly due to electoral laws that prevent anyone from having a too strong majority and the large number of parties and internal factions , so that all governments are based on fragile coalitions which shatter on controversial matters . 
  this usually means that no government can do anything too radical and was one of the motives of the attempted constitutional reform . 
  in italy you only pay when exiting , so you only stop once to get the entrance ticket and once to pay . 
  i really do n't understand why something like this is not done in france as well . 
  are you forgetting about the clever and tasteful jokes of our ( former ) dear leader and mrs. merkel ?
