  quick summary : the parliament is divided in 3 blocks of similar size ( pd - left , pdl - berlusconi 's right , m5s - grillo 's protest party ) , plus some stragglers . 
  the pd has a forced majority in one house , but so far any attempts at forming a government have failed . 
  in the meantime the time has come to elect a new president of the republic , which happens every 7 years . 
  this preempts any new elections , as only a president with over 6 months of office left can dissolve the parliament and call new elections . 
  not only the 3 blocks failed to agree on a president , but the pd itself could n't find an internal agreement until a ` surefire ' proposal was put forward and agreed upon - prodi . 
  only that it failed due to ` traitors ' that secretly voted another candidate . 
  this basically caused the pd to self-destruct . 
  as a last resort before exploding they asked the incumbent president napolitano ( 88 years old ) to step forward for another round . 
  he accepted and was voted in . 
  now : the pd will probably split and/or go through major pains . 
  the pdl is flying in the polls as the only remaining party ( ? ), 
  with any cohesion . 
  the m5s , remote controlled by grillo , is now starting a rabid protest claiming this is a coup because they were utterly ignored . 
  whatever government will be cobbled together will likely not last long , and napolitano will probably resign as soon as possible after a new electoral law is voted for . 
  all in all it 's a major mess , also because the pd , for all its flaws , was the only internally democratic party . 
  both the pdl and m5s are basically support troops for their unopposable leaders and i think this is a loss for democracy , whatever side you are on . 
  my father told me that it was pretty common in naples , after the war . 
  it 's much less common now ... 
  as far as the main features of the language go : * two genders , that apply to nouns and adjectives , but no cases ( only a few leftovers with pronouns ) . 
  * strongly tied with late spoken latin , of which it is a direct descendant . 
  local dialects have strong influences from spanish and arab ( in the south ) and french in the north . 
  * 8 verb tenses and several modes , with plenty of exceptions , which make the verbal system probably the hardest thing to learn ( `` dicevo '' -  `` i used to say/i was saying '' , `` direbbero '' -  `` they would say '' , `` dicesse '' -  `` should he say '' ) , probably on par with french and spanish . 
  * very regular spelling rules , that make writing and reading very simple . 
  we do n't even have a verb for ` to spell ' . 
  * word order is quite free , with the subject often being optional . 
  this allows for slightly different meanings : `` vieni ? '', 
  -  `` are you coming ? 
  -  `` is it you that will come or someone else ? 
  -  `` what about you ? 
  are you coming ? '', 
  * gestures and tone can indeed further change or add meaning to a sentence . 
  but that 's for advanced speakers !, 
  * very high mutual understanding with spanish . 
  apart from some hilarious ` false friends ' an italian and a spanish person can probably understand each other successfully . 
  it 's much harder with french or portuguese . 
  ` paesi bassi ' is indeed used sometimes . 
  but ` olanda ' is much more common . 
  it falls in the ` anything but the left ' mindset . 
  it requires a cultural change , a change that many hoped europe could encourage , by facilitating exchanges among the countries , by putting italian enterprises on a broader market and by having an ` extra pair of eyes ' on our government . 
  a change that however was harshly hampered by 20 years in which culture and critical sense have been left to the wolves . 
  the number of people who read books or newspapers , or are even able to do so easily , is way lower than the rest of europe . 
  it 's the result of years of neglect towards education and of the effect of berlusconi 's brand of tv . 
  keep in mind that the behavior i was speaking of is held by the berlusconi 's side of the population . 
  there 's another sizable chunk that tries to fight that , hoping to have the support of the state . 
  after many years of indifference and stasis , however , many feel that it 's like fighting windmills , and maybe it 's time for something different . 
  that or emigrate . 
  italy has lost over hundreds of thousands people to emigration in the last few years , almost all of them with skills or degrees ( engineers , scientists , doctors , etc ) who are tired of having stunted perspectives and fighting the system . 
  lots of young ( and not so young ) people , when asked what they would like to do , say they want to go away . 
  their anger at the system that forces them to go away turns into the protest vote ; it 's anger at the entire system , at the debt they somehow are guilty of without having done anything and at the people who build villas with the money that should pay for teachers and researchers . 
  yeah , the general attitude is that politics , and the state in general , is something you have to work * around * to do anything . 
  the thought process is this : `` this law/procedure exists so that someone can unduly get some money for my work . 
  let 's find a way to ignore it and get stuff done '' . 
  so laws get even more absurd to fight this kind of behavior . 
  this , in turn , leads to a very poor sense of the state and of the civic duty . 
  whatever you do , someone will take advantage of it , so you should take advantage of the state first . 
  and this leads to thinking that all politicians are thieves and it is almost your duty to stick it to them . 
  berlusconi incarnates this way of thinking : he 's the `` fuck the laws and taxes '' avatar , defender of those exploited by the byzantine procedures that afflict every sector . 
  he legitimizes finding loopholes as a way to survive . 
  he 'd at least be barred from any public office . 
  he still has 2 degrees of appeal to go through ... 
  i use it mostly for the mouse gestures , even though now there 's plugins for most browsers that do the same thing . 
  basically both houses are split 3 ways : left ( pd ) , right ( pdl - berlusconi ) and m5s ( grillo ) , with a slight advantage to pd , but generally 25-30 % each and about 10 % leftover to monti . 
  this means that to achieve a majority any 2 of the larger blocks must ally , but nobody wants to even talk to berlusconi , so the only option is pd + m5s . 
  however grillo said that they 'll never fully support anyone else , only single laws if they agree . 
  the constitution requires that in order to even start a government must pass a confidence vote . 
  so this is what happens : - pd : let 's form a government with a common agenda . 
  we 'll vote single laws . 
  - pd : but we need to form a government to even talk about laws !, 
  - m5s : die you scamming thieves we 'll never compromise !! 1 ! 1 !!!, 
  - pd : then we 'll have to revote and we 'll go bankrupt and europe will kick us out !, 
  - m5s : suck it and die !!!! 1 ! 1 !!, 
  but we can consider some specific laws . 
  ( go back to step 1 ) . 
  most likely grillo intends to force a pd+pdl alliance so they 'll both blow up from hate overload and m5s can grab the pieces , but i 'm not sure they intend to do that . 
  the problem is that his mp were basically elected at random based on online polls and youtube videos . 
  then nobody can talk to them or interview them . 
  so who knows !, 
  we even have a word for that : ` dietrologia ' . 
  in italy it gets you a position in the government . 
  if you 're really good at it maybe even prime minister . 
  camera : who gets the most votes has a guaranteed majority , while the remaining seats are divided according to votes . 
  senate : there are higher entrance thresholds , and , roughly , the majority mechanism is applied for each of the 20 regions separately . 
  therefore even if you have a higher vote total ( like in this case ) you might have fewer seats , depending on how concentrated your votes are . 
  some do n't believe it . 
  some believe it and appreciate it , as they are corrupt themselves and hope to profiteer . 
  example : a large amount of the construction industry thrived on building stuff in violation of codes and regulations , as everyone knew that sooner or later a ` legalization ' opportunity would be offered . 
  so there 's a large number of houses and buildings awaiting ` legalization ' and berlusconi states `` i 'll do it '' while bersani states `` never again ! '' . 
  here 's a nice chunk of votes for berlusconi . 
  add several ` protected ' categories that bersani planned to attack , add people with money stashes that were threatened with an estate tax , add all the small business owners that only care about lower taxes no matter what , keep adding and you find all berlusconi 's votes . 
  what complicated the matter is the electoral law . 
  it was tailor made on the large advantage that berlusconi had at the time to hamper smaller parties . 
  now it backfired for everyone , as in the senate it 's impossible to have a majority unless you lead in most regions . 
  every law must be voted by both houses , so they need to form a stable coalition , or nothing will ever get done . 
  oh i think that as well , at times . 
  i 'd earn easily twice as much , and i know both german and english so it would n't be that difficult . 
  but i ca n't stand the idea to leave all my friends and family , and i ca n't help thinking that if all the good people leave then it 's truly hopeless . 
  and yet sometimes i think that it would be easier if i was n't so sentimental ... 
  i guess the only chance is if the grillobots behave as they are doing in sicily : support ` good ' proposals , wherever they come from . 
  if they can agree on a definition of ` good ' with bersani then maybe some stuff could get done . 
  he 's still the owner of 3 ( maybe 4 ) tv channels and has ties to lots of people and companies ... you can hardly call that irrelevant ...
