  nah , i was referring to the biggest current issue . 
  somehow it 's always berlusconi , since 20 years ago . 
  i do n't understand why it 's allowed to have so wildly different tax regimes in europe . 
  when all the main financial institutions are based in luxembourg it 's clear that there 's something wrong ... 
  the answer is berlusconi , usually . 
  it is now too . 
  the communist party never really seized power in italy , so there are always some ` idealists ' who want to give it a shot . 
  the party still had parliament members until the last election , but now it 's almost extinct . 
  neo-fascist parties are instead quite alive , unfortunately . 
  i know some very intelligent people , with good education and all in all more than decent and honest people who voted and will still vote for berlusconi . 
  why ? 
  `` because otherwise the left wins '' . 
  maybe they were probably deeply upset by the workers ' revolts and the terror regime of the '70s , maybe they can not distance themselves from that concept of left , but that 's how it is . 
  there definitely is a subset of italians who match your description . 
  but i think that they are - also - the byproduct of 20 years of brainwashing by berlusconi 's brand of tv . 
  i was a kid , but i remember that before then we had tv channels who tried to entertain but also keep a minimum level of ` culture ' and engagement . 
  we had ` serious ' documentaries and talk shows focusing on divisive topics or political issues - i loved the science documentaries of ` quark ' for example , thanks to my parents enjoying them with me and explaining stuff . 
  berlusconi 's tvs turned the tables : mostly shows devoid of any content apart from dancing girls and silly scripts . 
  mini-starlets were generated continuosly , so lots of girls had the dream of getting in there . 
  there message was `` hey , studying is for losers , come here and have fun and be famous ! '' . 
  i 'll mention the name `` uomini e donne '' shuddering ( a gym rat guy sitting on a literal throne as several girls had to woo him so he could pick one - the ` courtship ' would last weeks and the various characters would make the rounds of all tv channels being interviewed as bringers of important truths . 
  they would earn lots of money just by touring around and posing - how can you convince a kid that it 's worthwhile to pursue an education when they see that ? ), 
  once he got in charge he also had control of the 3 state channels and pretty much all became the same . 
  the most blatant example was the news program of rai1 , the leading and most respected state channel , which started devoting half of its time to issues like how to solve your dog 's digestion problems or what will stupidbimbo24 wear for her marriage - it truly became a parody of a news program . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's all his fault , as of course there must have been a receptive audience for that to work , but he created and exploited a kind of ` perfect resonance ' and we now have the harvest : lots of people who do n't appreciate culture , do n't read books and have trouble understanding non-basic written texts , ready to follow who shouts louder and that forget what happened two days after they stop seeing it . 
  i might seem to be exaggerating , but i have a friend that works as a tutor in a school to prepare people for the national lawyers state exam . 
  she is constantly shocked by the fact that the majority of these aspiring lawyers , with law degrees , can not write using correct grammar , let alone understand complex matters of rights . 
  and they do n't want to learn , they do n't care about being good : they want a shortcut across the exam . 
  we have to start rebuilding , and it will take long . 
  he lies constantly and convincingly . 
  he pulls stunts like the tax reimbursement letter `` or i 'll give you the money back from my own pocket '' without a shred of shame , and people fall for it . 
  he also supports the kinds of policies that some people like . 
  for example lots of houses in the south were built outside of regulations , as it was ` tradition ' that sooner or later the government would allow everyone to get ` lawful ' by paying a small fine . 
  so people kept building wherever and waited for the inevitable condonation law . 
  berlusconi has promised a mega-condonation , so he ensured a bunch of votes for himself . 
  then you have tax shields , media restrictions masked as privacy laws and lots of stuff that a section of society actually likes , and there you have it . 
  the best one is probably `` eternal sunshine of the spotless mind '' that became `` se mi lasci ti cancello '' ( break up with me and i 'll delete you ), 
  fuel in italy is the target of many emergency taxes . 
  only that they never get revoked , so , among the others , we 're paying to support the following : * abissinian war since 1935 * suez crisis since 1956 * vajont disaster since 1963 * florence flooding since 1966 * belice earthquake since 1968 * friuli earthquake since 1976 * irpinia earthquake since 1980 * lebanon mission funding since 1983 * bosnia mission funding since 1996 and this is only a part of the taxes on fuel ... 
  for italy i guess we can use the [ anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqtswch2s7y ) . 
  patriotism became very unpopular after mussolini , however , who forced it on people , and any vaguely nationalistic song will likely get you bad glares . 
  many people prefer songs like [ bella ciao ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ci3lhynkfo ) , talking about the resistance fighters who fought the fascist regime . 
  such songs , however , are known to elicit vigorous political discussions ( and the youtube comments are a blatant example ) , so for most people it 's better to leave ` charged ' songs alone . 
  # 3 is common in the south ... 
  it 's the chin scratch that means i do n't give a damn . 
  i think i have seen # 8 as well , but it 's much less common . 
  i went on holiday in australia last year and i was amazed at how expensive everything was , including basic food , with some exceptions . 
  i met lots of italians who went there for work who were paid over twice what they would get here , even for manual work ( waiter , mason , etc. ), 
  but they also said that expenses were correspondingly higher , especially housing . 
  most of them planned to live in shared houses or in hostels for a year or two so they could set some money aside , then maybe go back if things improve or try to land a better job and stay there . 
  apparently it 's also not uncommon to get paid ` off the books ' to save on taxes - just like at home !, 
  in italy the classical ` victim ' for jokes is not really from an area , but from a profession : the carabiniere ( a member of a sort of police branch of the army ) , which is stereotypically considered a simpleton or straight dumb . 
  there are also several area stereotypes : * genoa/liguria area people are held to be extremely stingy with money * milanese people are snobs , somewhat racist and fixated with money * veneto people swear and drink a lot * tuscans swear a lot and are mostly socialists/communists * romans are rude and noisy * neapolitans are scammers/shady and generally love to turn any discussion into a major drama act * sicilians are ` touchy ' about ` honor ' , as in look at my girlfriend and i 'll knife you * sardinians are stubborn , tough , and ` love ' sheep . 
  in italy such episodes would be seen as examples of a tragically sad family . 
  granted , there are probably excesses in the opposite directions here , even if some behaviors are slowly decreasing . 
  some examples : many young people from the south move in northern cities to attend university . 
  this means finding a place to rent and starting to leave on their own and managing their own stuff . 
  well , you see entire families visiting apartments to ensure the kid is n't getting scammed . 
  then there are the care packages : big boxes of home-made food , including jars of pasta sauce and cakes , sent by mail every couple months . 
  if you by chance feel slightly sick you might have medicines and extra comfort food air dropped to your door ... also it 's very common to have phone calls with your parents almost every day , if only to say hello , and even if you 're in your 40 's with kids . 
  i think the trouble comes when you want to reach an advanced level and have to contend with all the irregular verbs and the dreaded conjunctive mode !, 
  italy has ` accademia della crusca ' , but they mostly concern themselves with grammar rules . 
  italians do n't really like to use words for new meanings , so they 'd rather adopt foreign words . 
  this also works in marketing , so you see all sorts of foreign words on products to make them seem cooler or better , as anything that comes from abroad can only be better than local . 
  ( this is valid for anything but food : with food anything vaguely foreign is only a ridiculous imitation ) . 
  as more people learn english , also , it 's becoming ` hip ' to stick english words or expressions in the middle of a sentence , i guess to show that you speak it , as it 's usually followed by `` as you 'd say in english '' . 
  i personally would like to throw them a dictionary in the face , but well ... 
  i can only guess ... 
  but a simple explanation could be this . 
  elections are coming very soon ( a few weeks ) and most of the vote will be split 4 ways : the left parties ( with a good lead , but maybe not enough for a clear majority in both houses , due to crappy law ) , the center party ( monti + various ` moderate ' and catholic people and some of the right wing that rejected berlusconi ) , berlusconi 's right ( which is basically berlusconi and his remote controlled drones ) and grillo 's party ( or the fuck them all party , proposing housewives as ministries and other crazy stuff ) . 
  berlusconi 's goal seems to be preventing a clear left-wing majority in the senate , so he can stall some laws and keep being influential . 
  monti rejected all of his alliance proposals , so he must now find other sources to gather some more votes , and he can only go further right . 
  so , maybe , such proclamations have a clear goal ... 
  i believe a recent poll has italy at 51 % support now . 
  same-sex couple adoption instead is much lower , like 20 % i think . 
  `` corrente '' in italian , where it 's also held responsible for all sorts of illnesses . 
  headache , sore throat , flu , cold ... they 're the minimum you 'll get if you expose yourself to the dreaded corrente . 
  i had an old lady shout at me in a bus when in sweltering heat i dared open a window in the back of the bus while she was sitting in the front . 
  `` do you want to kill me ? '', 
  bonus fact : yesterday was the final day to register candidates for the upcoming elections . 
  thanks to the screwed up electoral law this also means listing them in election order : voters do n't pick candidates , they just throw votes onto parties and candidates are elected in list order . 
  this means that there 's ** a lot ** of bickering , blackmailing and negotations between the candidates and the party leader , who prepares the lists . 
  given the climate of distrust towards politicians almost all parties started publicly claiming that * their * list would not have questionable individuals in them . 
  that is , no people with pending sentences/judgements or ongoing trials . 
  berlusconi is party leader and several of his party members have trials for mafia connections with imminent sentences . 
  they have fought hard to be put into the lists , as who 's elected gets trial immunity . 
  one of them was not put in the lists , as he 's considered really bad publicity . 
  he fucking ran away with the lists . 
  the party had to reconvene to sign them again . 
  i have no words . 
  tuscany is both the most left-leaning and least religious region in italy , together perhaps with emilia-romagna . 
  it 's also considered the blasphemous swearing capital , together maybe with veneto . 
  as for why i really have no idea . 
  the only thing that i can say is that historically it has been pretty independent from other states and nations ( as granducato di toscana ) , whereas northern and southern regions where often under foreign domination ( spain , france , austria and so on ) . 
  it was also the seat of the medici , who strongly encouraged art and science . 
  but i 'll leave any reasoning about that to someone more versed in history !, 
  that 's exactly the risk . 
  the senate seats are assigned according to a complex rule that depends on regional votes . 
  some of the largest regions tend to be more right leaning and/or lega holds , thus potentially earning lots of senate seats for berlusconi . 
  this would mean that the senate might not have a clear majority .
