  try asking yourself a question : when did you choose to be heterosexual ? 
  did you have to think about it ? 
  did you decide , one day , that you liked girls ( if you 're male ) ? 
  could you decide to like guys for a couple of days to see how it 's like ? 
  is it natural to like pizza ? 
  is it natural not to like broccoli ? 
  they 're healthy , so would n't one be better off by just deciding that they really like them and just eat broccoli forever ? 
  i guess it 's hard to imagine that someone really only likes people of the same sex , or maybe that it is not just a strange fixation . 
  speaking for myself , as a gay man , i never had to doubt it . 
  i knew since i was a kid . 
  i have always been very masculine , always liked ` male ' things and yet i only like men , physically and emotionally . 
  and believe me , i spent many years trying to ` choose ' , to change , with various methods . 
  i guess you do n't have to think about it when you have no reason to , but as someone who has had years to deal with it i could probably decide as easily to be straight as being a few centimeters taller . 
  with the upcoming elections the amount of utter craziness that is going on is bewildering . 
  berlusconi has switched into high gear now and every day we have a new surprise , but he 's not the only contestant for the grand prize of crazy ... 
  southern italy has the stereotype of being a bit more backward regarding social issues , being also more religious . 
  and yet there are 2 openly gay regional governors in italy , and they 're both in the south ... 
  yes . 
  the strange thing is that he 's not directly candidated for any position , nor plans to , but he 's the de facto leader of the party . 
  in italy there has been a major loss of voters from the right wing . 
  what gained are non-voters and , well , the ` fuck-em ' party . 
  a short explanation : last year , at the apex of the bond spread crisis , where things seemed dire , berlusconi resigned and we got a ` technical government ' . 
  this government focused on taking debt under control through austerity measures , with the support of both the right and left moderate wings . 
  fringe parties instead went to the opposition , while a newish party started gaining a lot of votes : a stand-up comedian turned opinion leader founded a new party based on the core idea of `` send all those fuckers packing '' , proposing a selection of candidates via cv , short mandate limits and stuff like that , so that all the ` old guard ' politicians would be ruled out . 
  he got a lot of audience and managed to place a mayor in an important city . 
  since last year there has been a major wave of corruption and embezzlement scandals , mostly ( but not exclusively ) involving right wing people in high places , resembling at times the famed bunga bunga parties . 
  the right wing parties have taken a nose dive in the polls , so much that the second highest party is the ` fuck-em ' party , according to several polls . 
  this general feeling of hate towards politicians and their privileges is starting to have an effect , so all parties are scrambling to find new , younger people to capture the disenfranchised voters . 
  according to the current polls the next elections should have a pretty strong left-wing majority ( albeit with a drift toward the center ) and a sizable component of ` fuck-em ' people . 
  these are seen as wildcards with no political experience , so nobody knows what to expect . 
  should you be interested in the polls go [ here ] ( http://termometropolitico.it ) and click on the ` sondaggi ' tab , then ' i quattro poli ' . 
  blue means right wing parties , red means left wing parties , green center parties and yellow is movimento 5 stelle ( the fuck-em people ) . 
  well , his party is currently down to about 15 % right now , after a new wave of arrests for people of his party that have been found embezzling money or wasting public funds in bizarre parties , trips and ` unknowingly ' purchased houses ( yes , this defense has been used a couple of times already ) . 
  we get a new case almost every day and 90 % of them involve someone from berlusconi 's party or one of his allies . 
  basically he 's bailing out so he can say he was not defeated , then who knows ... 
  [ presseurop ] ( http://presseurop.eu ) has translations of articles from the major european newspapers into several languages . 
  comments can be in several languages , but there is an automated translation service integrated with them so you can at least get an idea of what they are saying . 
  the stereotype says that they are lazy and work-dodgers , with an aptitude to scamming . 
  the fact is that a * lot * of southerners actually work in the north and they have been a big source of manpower in the past , often at lower price since a lot of people took any chance to emigrate northwards . 
  there might a bit of a bias against southern people in the north , but i would n't say it 's the average opinion . 
  the indepentists are mostly the people from lega nord , which is probably the craziest party in itally . 
  pick the most ignorant , racist , rude and shameless people and put them in a party , and you have lega nord . 
  they change their mind every few years about being allied with berlusconi and select their leaders based on the number of `` fuck them '' they can spew per minute . 
  anyway , they peaked at 10 % a few years ago due to their xenophobic policies , but now they 're down to 5-6 % now and no other party wants to touch them , except maybe berlusconi 's one , depending on how many votes they 're worth . 
  it does not seem that he will . 
  it 's getting late to start something now , as the elections will be in april . 
  on the other hand the right wing parties are so scattered and disorganized that they are really down in the polls and keep going down , but it 's not the left wing that is gaining : the votes go to abstention or to our version of the ` pirate party ' . 
  it is likely that anyone with a minimum of credibility could gather some following on the right side , since there 's nobody at the moment . 
  there is currently a rather remarkable wave of inquiries and arrests at all levels or politics in italy , and lots of crap is pulled out in the open . 
  it 's starting to look like the whole mani pulite thing from 20 years ago , that left the whole political system shaken and led to berlusconi 's ascent . 
  for now the vast majority of cases is affecting the right wing parties , and especially berlusconi 's one , so much that berlusconi himself is ditching the party and several members are running for the lifeboats . 
  they 've found cases of basic corruption , international money trafficking , abuse of power and finally mafia influences at several levels . 
  left wing parties have been involved as well , even though they just had a few cases of embezzlement , so far . 
  people are already pretty fed up with the political class , and this is throwing fuel on the fire , especially given the looming elections in a few months : a kind of ` pirate party ' is probably going to be the second most voted according to the current polls . 
  i just hope that this time the arrests will have more of a lasting effect ... 
  yes , it 's the generic ` asshole ' remark . 
  it pretty much means ` turd ' . 
  italian swearing has two broad categories : one involving various body parts and persons of interest to the addressee , like most languages , and one involving religious characters , like various saints , mary , jesus and god , coupled with a variety of nouns and attributes . 
  a good example is this [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuzv31vp5t4 ) of a venetian newsspeaker , with english subtitles . 
  some are in venetian dialect , but it 's italian for the most part . 
  i do n't know where you donated , but i 've never heard of such horrible cases . 
  cancer also ca n't be transmitted , as far as i know . 
  in general i 've never seen any judging done and the staff has always been pretty friendly . 
  if you 're referring to the screening form/interview i 've never found it to be particularly offensive . 
  it just asks if you have had surgeries or tattoos recently , or are engaging in unprotected or risky sex , and i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  yes , you get a preliminary test with a drop of blood , which i believe tests your hematocrit level and you 're rejected if they are out of range . 
  some basic tests are always performed on the donated blood and you can request some additional non-routine ones . 
  italy : the exact details depend on what region you live in , but generally you get : - a day off work - some fruit juice/chocolate milk while you 're sitting there being drained - free breakfast at the bar - last time i got a cappuccino and a couple of croissants . 
  - blood test results . 
  within limits you can request specific tests on your blood , say iron levels or something like that . 
  if you enroll in a donor 's community ( giving your availability to be called in case of need ) you can also get small tokens like medals or plates when you reach certain donation thresholds . 
  i 'm italian and i do buy fresh milk if possible , but since i live alone i do n't drink enough to buy more than 1 bottle at a time . 
  so the rest of the milk i buy has to be uht ... 
  is n't that a bit like saying `` i do n't like english writers '' or `` i do n't like yellow stuff '' ? 
  meh , italy is hostage to the vatican . 
  whenever something ` progressive ' is considered all sorts of cardinals and priests start issuing prophecies of misfortune , and since half the parliament listens to them they immediately backtrack . 
  on the other side we have openly gay mps - the vicepresident of the main left wing party is gay , and also the governor of one of the southern regions . 
  we 've even had a transgendered mp , but even the left wing party has its share of catholics holding them back . 
  strangely enough even the leader of one of the rightmost parties , the one born from ex-fascists who then moved a bit towards the center , has come out in support to lgbt rights . 
  i went to oslo while on a tour of souther sweden + copenhagen with some friends . 
  we did n't get a good impression indeed ... maybe also because the hotel/hostel tried to scam us repeatedly : we booked a full 10 people room even if we were 9 ( paying for 10 ) and then we find that there are 9 beds and one is occupied . 
  we protest and we get handed a bed on wheels to place ` somewhere where it fits ' and too bad if we did n't get the room we paid for , they had extra people to place . 
  strangely , when i asked for a written receipt stating that we did n't get what we paid for a new room suddenly appeared . 
  oh and there was the parking to pay , it was n't included with the room . 
  oh , and the fee is for a whole day parking , until midnight , so if you stay one night you must pay 2 full days of parking . 
  anyway , i hope i 'll be able to go back an visit the northern part ... 
  i went many years ago , and i paid 18.000 lire for a coke and a coffee . 
  but they were served by a waiter with gloves on a marble table !, 
  it 's the cover charge . 
  basically a fixed charge that covers bread , dishes , napkins , whatever . 
  should be around 1-3 $ per person in middle of the road restaurants . 
  some restaurants do n't have it at all , some use it a bad surprise . 
  there are a few more things to see in pisa , but basically nobody knows about them , so nobody visits them and so they do n't even bother keeping them open or advertising them . 
  that said , a general rule of thumb is to avoid any restaurant or shop in the immediate vicinity of any famous landmark ( like the leaning tower , or any duomo , or whatever ) . 
  you 'll get crappy food and pay a lot ( hi , restaurant in the milan galleria ) . 
  to find the best restaurants ask locals or check a good guide . 
  generally nobody cares about religion , even in italy . 
  granted , do n't expect gay marriage or euthanasia rights anytime soon here , but asking about religious beliefs is considered somewhat strange and/or rude , and nobody ever thinks about it . 
  latin might help you learn italian , french or spanish , and maybe vaguely understand writing in those languages , but nothing more . 
  italy has visas for students , and some universities even have courses in english ( check politecnico di milano and politecnico di torino , if you are interested in science or engineering ) .
