  berlusconi is aiming for this case , as he 'd be much more relevant if he could pull his weight and influence the bills every time . 
  strange that italy is so purple . 
  nominally pretty much everyone is catholic , since until a few years ago baptism was a given , and most people when asked about religion might say `` i guess i 'm catholic '' but i know of really few people who care at all about religion . 
  most younger people ( and i mean < 40 years ) do n't really care at all . 
  granted , i live in what 's probably atheist central in italy , so maybe my perception is biased ... 
  i must assume people actually believed his crap . 
  only when he proved beyond any doubt that he 's a crook and only cares about messing up the law in his favor he lost approval . 
  that said he 's really hammering the tv channels and trying to get whomever on board who can bring him even one vote . 
  he 's still trying to at least prevent anyone from reaching a decisive majority , so he can have some weight to pull . 
  it looks unlikely that he will succeed , but you never know . 
  i must add that the regional variations include which day is most important . 
  in some regions the christmas eve dinner can be even larger than christmas lunch . 
  each region has its own typical christmas dishes , so it 's impossible to list them all . 
  southern regions tend to focus on fish , northern regions on meat , but anything goes , really , and this is also the occasion to prepare complex , incredibly caloric dishes that almost never get made otherwise . 
  decorations include a christmas tree with lights and decorations , and often a nativity scene , especially if the family is at least a bit religious . 
  nativity scenes , called ` presepio ' can be very simple or large engineering projects with handcrafted statues . 
  naples is famous for the number of artisans that make them , ranging from the ` serious ' to the satyrical ( like berlusconi as jesus , or stuff like that ) . 
  some families exchange gifts at midnight between the 24th and 25th , especially if there are kids around , possibly making presents appear under the tree after distracting the kids and claiming that santa brought them . 
  some others go to mass and do the deal on the morning of the 25th . 
  after the food orgy you have a few days of rest , then on the evening of the 31st there 's another megameal . 
  this is often done at a restaurant with friends ( usually for a price of 50-100 $ each ) , but it 's not uncommon to organize a home dinner in which everyone brings something different . 
  then there 's games and drinking until the new year arrives . 
  finally , the 6th of january is another holiday called ` epifania ' , in which a old hag/witch is supposed to bring chocolate to good kids and coal to bad kids . 
  parents will hide stockings with sweets and/or sugar coal under the beds so that the kids can find them in the morning . 
  waste trafficking means taking dangerous stuff from , say , a chemical factory in the north , and sticking it under a field of tomatoes in the south . 
  that 's the kind of business that they used to gain a foothold in the north . 
  the crisis also helped , as they offered to aid failing companies gaining control and people in key positions . 
  what really struck people is that the notorius lega nord , the radical xenophobic , separatist and anti-south party used the mafia as one of the key reasons for which they wanted to split off the north from the corrupted south . 
  and then they got a few of their people arrested for mafia dealings ... 
  i 'm not sure about this . 
  for sure the mafia has changed and went global . 
  now it 's less about extorting racket money , and more about international drug and waste trafficking , so it 's less visible and less perceived , but i 'm not sure that this also means that it 's less present . 
  it has also moved , as it has reached the northern regions where people were adamant that it could not take root . 
  on the other hand a lot of high profile bosses and leaders have been arrested , so maybe they are less organized than before . 
  not really . 
  it 's more about the fear of aggressive social programs and/or the handling of social issues like euthanasia , abortion and gay rights . 
  some think that social programs are just a way to steal money from the rich and squander it on the poor , while others ca n't accept that their moral guidelines are not accepted by everyone . 
  most likely , those who answer ` family values ' are actually thinking ` more money for me ' , but ca n't say that out loud . 
  the only ` family values ' berlusconi cared about were hampering abortion and denying gay marriage/unions so catholics would keep voting for him . 
  haha , that 's another tough pickle . 
  basically grillo was a comedian that started tackling ` hot topics ' a few years ago , pushing hard for stuff like electric cars - which might make sense - but also stuff that was pure snake oil . 
  his shows became increasingly political , until he decided to ride the wave of political disenfranchisement that followed the berlusconi years and monti 's emergency government . 
  he started a ` movement ' of people who wanted to demolish the current political caste and start over with common people in the places of power , with a more direct form of democracy : online polls and internet discussions to decide policies . 
  this captured the interest of many people who were fed up and were not voting any longer , an suddenly they jumped ahead in the polls . 
  they even managed to elect a mayor or two and several city council members , picked from absolutely unknown , but ` common ' people . 
  he 's not even a candidate , but he directs the ` movement ' with a dictatorial rule , banning and choosing people on rules that he makes up now and then . 
  for example he suddenly decided that no one of the movement was allowed to go on tv if invited , and he kicked out those who did anyway . 
  some of his members started to complain about the lack of internal democracy , and he kicked them out too . 
  in the end they seem to be a bunch of ` political terrorists ' : they want to send people in the parliament to ` blow it up ' , but without having a clear goal beyond that . 
  their political programs are often vague and subject to change depending on grillo 's mood , and picking candidates with internet polls might be fun , until you end up with m4dhaxx0r84 as ministry of justice . 
  then again , for some people that is still an improvement . 
  mostly 3 kinds of people : 1 . 
  wealthier people with few moral qualms . 
  berlusconi has always privileged the wealthier class , by lowering property taxes or inheritance taxes , or by periodically allowing ` amnesties ' on building codes violations , so that people could build illegal stuff and then pay paltry taxes to have them legalised . 
  also amnesties for illegally exported capitals and so on . 
  a very profitable scheme when you can inform ` friends ' of upcoming amnesties so that they can take full advantage . 
  naive , easily brainwashed people . 
  they get bombarded with a barrage of stupid news on the tv and tabloids that gradually paint a distorted picture of things . 
  this may seem to be far fetched , but it does indeed work . 
  judges that sided against berlusconi were suddenly the target of articles for their ` weird clothes ' or ` strange behaviors ' , whereas berlusconi 's family and friends often starred as whitewashed models of ` normality ' in their numerous holiday pictures . 
  and then you hear the housewife at the supermarket stating that she wo n't vote for those shady politicians that hate berlusconi because he 's happy , or some nonsense like that . 
  a few people that really think that he is better than the dangerous radical left wingers , no matter how bad a person he is . 
  they think that the left wing is too ` lefty ' , and should never be allowed to win . 
  berlusconi might be a crook and will probably steal money , but at least he wo n't let the commies ruin the country with their warped ideals . 
  there 's also , according to some , a chunk of votes that he gets by providing reassurances to the mafia . 
  he wo n't be so concerned about harassing the mafia , and the mafia will push his party and his people . 
  allegedly , of course . 
  he could n't possibly know that his stableboy was a mafia messenger , after all , could he ? 
  italy : omg berlusconi !, 
  aaaaaaargh !, 
  ** some ** people are aware and are deathly ashamed of having been represented by him , or of the very fact that he exists . 
  other people hear ` lower taxes for everyone ' or ` fight the commies ' and run to vote . 
  generally the division is so sharp that discussing politics is often a taboo , as it can end up badly . 
  at least in italy some form of id is compulsory , and i believe that as a non-eu citizen that will have to be a passport . 
  a scan will not be enough , i fear , unless you manage to convince people that your original one has been stolen . 
  while it 's rare to be asked for documents on trains or walking around you will definitely require a passport to get on a plane . 
  i think it was more an attempt to distance themselves from the austerity measures . 
  they said `` aha !, 
  we 're not voting these cruel measures any more !, 
  it is you who will carry them out , mr. monti !, 
  we 'll abstain so we can show how much we care about the poor people ! '', 
  and monti went `` yeah , about that ... '', 
  italy here . 
  we just started a new season of `` berlusconi - the series '' , just watch the new amazing episodes on the nearest news . 
  jokes aside , there 's plenty of movies on italian ` gray ' politics , concerning dealings with mafia , terrorists or , well , hyperactive media tycoons . 
  on the spot i can suggest `` romanzo di una strage '' ( about a terrorist attack in 1969 ) or `` buongiorno , notte '' ( about a high profile political kidnapping ) . 
  for stuff on berlusconi there 's `` il caimano '' and `` videocracy '' among several others . 
  there 's plenty about the mafia ; i 'll just mention `` i cento passi '' . 
  have a look at some recent [ poll results ] ( http://www.termometropolitico.it/27300_media-sondaggi-effetto-ballottaggio-pd-oltre-quota-30.html ) . 
  blue parties are berlusconi ( pdl ) and allies . 
  the green bar should probably added to them as well ( lega ) : they are the crazy xenophobic separatists that were berlusconi 's allies until monti took over . 
  the red parties are the left wing parties . 
  they will likely form a single coalition . 
  the m5s ( yellow ) is the ` fuck them all ' party , in a nutshell . 
  it 's a ` non-party ' started by a comedian whose goal is to demolish the current political class . 
  they have picked their candidates with internet polls out of a list of thousands with a mandatory lack of political experience . 
  they already managed to win some local elections , then immediately started fights with their elected people for being too much like the ` system ' . 
  what they will do is entirely a guess , as it basically depends on who the internet polls have picked . 
  so , currently berlusconi seems to have little chance of winning , but he has alredy started the whitewashing campaign : his 3 tv channels plus 2 of the politically controlled state channels have started beating the drums for him with the expected `` it 's all monti 's fault '' and `` we 'll lower the taxes !!! 1 !!! '', 
  stuff .
