picking at straws . 
  nope . 
  unless we get all deus vult or similar radical shit . 
  it was a lot bigger than germany . 
  also interesting bit : germans living in gda\u0144sk at that time were helping defend the city when german navy attacked it . 
  say what ? 
  it 's one of our biggest eyesores . 
  brutalism is such a huge shame . 
  the official government flag has beautiful eagle on the white stripe . 
  polish looks like vomit . 
  why ca n't we have a dope metal one like germans ? 
  thank you . 
  that 's a great explanation . 
  i guess he 's not such a good guy as well . 
  seems sort of like stories about prc party members . 
  first crypt keeper ? 
  how far into modern slavlandia did romans reach ? 
  it should increase the range of paypass now . 
  any more info on the vietnamese guy ? 
  i 'm on holidays . 
  did n't look into news recently . 
  we are at war with isis . 
  not sure if you got the news . 
   its not about hurting feelings . 
  its about not giving potential neonazies any wiggle room . 
  in case of berlin it 's actually about not giving militant palestinians ( among others ) any wiggle room, 
  maybe it 's stupid but imho it 's for the best . 
  it 's already pretty shitty for jews in here . 
  i would n't want to be in their place if everyone was `` hailing '' at them all the time etc. 
  illegal rentals wo n't pass this tax anyway . 
  it 's sort of like winning the voice of poland . 
  celebrate the nun was infinitely better . 
  was n't mallorca also part of catalan kingdom ? 
  for good or bad this is a na\u00efve pov . 
  that ship has sailed decades ago . 
  we live in a connected , highly globalised world . 
  we are members of eu that only solidifies free movement . 
   rich french or brazillian people . 
  no chinese/russian `` investors '' ? 
  every big city in europe has this problem , even former warsaw-pact countries . 
  the only way to stop it would be to destroy tourism altogether . 
  what a joke . 
  out of schadenfreude , i would sort of like to see tourists gtfoing from mallorca and instead illegal immigrants settling there . 
  we have bicycle paths just for that . 
  do n't get your point . 
  well , duh, 
  are going to stop coming to berlin in hordes as well ? 
  it 's really tough to cycle when they walk everywhere in echelons . 
  well , be me guest , stay ignorant . 
  i voted for his strictest opponents . 
  if russia attacks poland i guarantee you we 'll never see german convoy crossing . 
  at best we could get a whiff of us/uk troops . 
  they are liked actually . 
  idiots gon na be idiots . 
  that 's the point . 
  be it bild or faz they all follow the same information embargo . 
  i used to have eu flair until i noticed there are cooler ones . 
  why would you fly palestinian flag anyway ? 
  hmm really ? 
  nastro azzurro is my favourite beer ever since i visited lombardy . 
  my local german beer is usually too sour . 
  and do n't even start me with all this hipster ipas . 
  maybe using full fat cream ? 
  and not lacing it with sugar . 
  usually in ce/we ice cream is terribly sweet and a mix of cream and milk that melts before paying for it . 
  we 're taught by our teachers and parents . 
  i hope this tradition will never die . 
  stop putting words in my mouth . 
  you respond like 4chan teenager . 
  germans ( and people of other nations ) mourned but it was definitely discouraged by media . 
  that was really disgusting . 
  berlin was told to not give a fuck . 
  it was surprising how british and polish media approached it with dignity where german counterparts were still pushing their agenda . 
  i understand you used sarcasm but ukrainians are certainly tidier than parisians just to give you one example . 
  ekhm ekhm thanks to plc, 
   mourning it you must live on another planet . 
  all the media were wailing like it 's not the time to cry and point fingers . 
  just sit quietly and accept the new reality . 
  yeah , i went on a trip to lausitz and even found one in my fridge . 
  i spent enough time to have a clue . 
  just because you live in a bubble and find something on the internet that breaks your teletubbie world does n't mean you 're right . 
  ending in last decade . 
  now we have bigger , scarier threat that 's constantly being swept under a rug . 
  the reaction to christmas market attack was just disgusting . 
  yeah , this one day of rain would definitely ruin my perfect summer . 
  the mythical creatures again . 
  by now big foot and loch ness monster are more probable . 
  they do n't exactly need to put much effort into it . 
  countries that do n't border russia do n't give much fucks about the ones with russian borders . 
  this is how roman empire falls . 
  not because of barbarians at the gates but because of our incompetence . 
  yeah but russia paid nothing . 
  yep . 
  who do you think build the new administration in west germany ? 
  do you expect all nazis went to retirement ? 
  eu funding is our payment for yalta/tehran . 
  nah , germans paid a lot already . 
  and most importantly ** admitted their fault ** . 
  russia never admitted their war crimes . 
  never paid any reparations .
