  always just claims they liberated us . 
  mostly victims of russia ( n army ) . 
  hence quotes . 
  sure but the economy is global . 
  i guess it 's the dawn of european prosperity . 
  time for b ( r ) ics to shine . 
   have you ever heard of personal responsibility ? 
  how is it a refugee 's fault that a freelance musician as described in the article has trouble saving for their rent ? 
  how is it a freelance musician 's fault that bangladesh , nigeria and afghanistan , etc. 
  are so poor that their people are storming our shores ? 
   we did n't `` import '' them `` we '' literally import them . 
  ngos are engaged in high scale human trafficking from north african shores . 
   so why are the riche keeps getting richer ? 
  poorer also growing richer . 
  china , india and brazil are developing the biggest middle-class populations ever . 
   i also have to say that it 's insane how we feel that we can spend billions of euros on unproductive immigration that will simply make the problem worse in the future . 
  whoa , ca n't believe you have a swedish flag . 
  that 's fresh , 
  this map is a heavy proof of us lobbing . 
   cnn yeah , sure . 
  it 's really hard to believe this map . 
  at least in big polish cities rarely barely anyone smokes . 
  every time i go south ( italy , spain ) it seems like at least 50 % of the population smokes . 
  even jews do n't like him . 
  he does n't have a great past . 
  old enough to hold a gun . 
  i expected doreen . 
  damn italy really needs some euro moniez for renovation . 
  the figure is more like 20-30 % bruh . 
  jurata is a shithole . 
  jastarnia is where it is . 
   spd b. . . b. . . but my jobs . 
   cdu & fdp b. . . b. . . but my economy . 
   gr\u00fcne crickets, 
   spd b. . . b. . . but my jobs . 
   cdu & fdp b. . . b. . . but my economy . 
   gr\u00fcne crickets, 
  i dislike kaczy\u0144ski but that 's a good joke . 
  he hates everyone , despises putin . 
  he 's like chang kai-shek after iiww . 
  by this token half of europe are literally space nazis . 
  and communist parties are centre-right . 
  can we stop redefining the dictionary ? 
  the problem is they have huge support . 
  maybe realistically around 30 % of the adult population . 
  which converts to ( regular ) majority in parliament . 
  even though 70 % does n't agree they also do n't agree with each other . 
  and logically so . 
  how can neocons agree with greens ? 
  even if they band up on pis they 'd be a one-issue platform . 
  afterwards all the involved parties will start a new landgrab . 
  sort of back to early nineties in poland . 
  mind you , poland is second biggest immigrant group in germany . 
  no poland ? 
  are you sure you guys are not slavs in disguise ? 
  sounds familiar . 
  my usual stance is we should n't meddle at all with the palestinian problem but he 's really level-headed about that . 
  merkel put realpolitik 6 feet under . 
  we , collectively as europe , are giving up on pragmatism and betting on very subjective , loosely defined principles . 
  israel 's strength is de facto their pragmatism . 
  maybe usually too brute for our european tastes but still . 
  they will actually stop our government . 
  we do n't have nukes . 
  and many times they are . 
  try here in germany for example . 
  lies !, 
  poland is a tea country . 
   kaczy\u0144ski could rape a little girl on tvp2 it 's jaros\u0142aw , you probably mean a little boy . 
  or a cat . 
  yep , the faster we make turkey irrelevant the better . 
  why is macron always so awkward or out of place ? 
  i mean really , he seems surprised on pretty much every post-election photo . 
  well , i guess , we as europe never collectively learn . 
  what ? 
  karpatka with fruit ? 
  it really seems nature wanted poland to be perfect for a tank invasion . 
  good for him . 
  warsaw and cracow are really expensive though . 
  also no one really wants to live in plattenbau so quality is not comparable . 
  even east berlin blocks look better than polish ones . 
  learn to read bro . 
  only true if you live in some village shithole . 
  costs of living in warsaw are coming close to berlin in the last year . 
  mind you , with wages 2-3 times smaller . 
  if you want to live a reasonably `` good '' life you 're fucked even more . 
  for example restaurants , coffee shops and even some groceries already cost more than in german capital . 
  i 'm old enough to know this story . 
  unfortunately all these parties are tainted with post-communist virus . 
  at best they represent feudal mentality towards plebeian-electorate . 
  i seriously have no hope with all these parties . 
  this whole mess looks again like in pre-sanation days . 
  nope . 
  voted razem last time . 
  although they still disappoint me . 
  just disappoint me the least . 
  it 's more like political stagnation . 
  we could be doing a lot better . 
  we 're still electing post-communists and their cronies . 
  also the numbers tend to be cooked . 
  our health care system is barely accessible ( though good quality ) .
