reading is quite easy . 
  most words that are not obvious can still be guesses or you just know them from various interactions through out life . 
  it 's the speech that is hard . 
   sk\u00e5negibbergabber dont worry bro , we dont understand or like them either . 
  we would gladely give you them back . i ca n't believe our ancestors fought over that, 
  noone cares about denmark . 
  i never said anything about that . 
  of course they should be treated the same . 
  but then they also should abandon their culture , because their culture is about the exact opposite - not treating homosexuals , women , christians , jews , people of other faiths , people who criticize their prophet well etc. 
  for that time , yeah . 
  but then they contuined living in their medieval mindset . 
  there is a difference between saying it as an expression and saying it as an actual belief . 
  christians thanking and bringing up jesus/god/the lord in every damn thing they are talking about/doing is just as weird and fucked up . 
  me winning a clutch round in cs go and saying thank goood in relief is nothing more than that . 
  a christisan/muslim saying thank lord etc. 
  for pretty much everything in their life and meaning it is different . 
  they bring it into everything . 
  everything is thanks to god , if god wills it , forgive me god , help me god etc. 
  what is so great about their culture then , lol . 
  we have been ahead of them in everything for the past 500 years and all of their modern techonlogy is from us . 
  the problem is exactly that - it is common for them . that is whats fucked up . 
  their religion is such a common part of their life that it is fucked up, 
  we have a limited knowledge of their culture ? 
  good . 
  their culture is shit, 
  it is just as bad as runnning around jesus is great . 
  be religious all you want , but for fucks sake not in public . 
  this is something france did really good , props to them . 
  where the beggers at, 
  because it is just plain worse than ours ? 
  or else they would not be so behind in everything since like 500 years . 
  they believe in killing people for not following their religion , they believe in killing of homosexuals , they believe in a culture that hates most of the things that we love . 
  if you would come to afghanistan and say something like `` give me money , food and shelter !, 
  btw i hate your religion , your women are whores and your flag is racist '' you would get lynched . 
  here it is a daily accurance in the `` ghettos '' that they create when they come to a different country as refugees they should either adapt to it or move back . 
  because if they love their own culture so fucking much , then why would they want to live here ? 
  because they get free stuff ? 
  great . 
  it is not comparable to asian or european cultures . 
   it 's a mess , and you ca n't just pick a side without risking your entire family . 
  so it 's better to leave them while you run away ... ? 
  of course it is a cluster fuck , and that is why it is so important that they do n't abandon it and actually try to make a future for it . 
  running away to europe will make them survive , yeah . 
  but their country will have no manpower or future . 
  this is not even dressing the point that most of them are not willing to properly integrate into the western society , instead they love to live by their own culture ( that they just abandoned ) . 
  nice story , the german soldiers were good men . 
  i really hate how they grouped together with the nazis , most of them were regular people . 
  they just fought because they had , or to protect their own, 
  probably , i just took a guess, 
  yeah man , good thing there were no german soldiers sacrificing themselves to hold off the advancement of russians slaughtering everything in the way just so the civilians could run away !, 
  without them you , or many many others , would maybe not have been alive , ungrateful fuck . 
  the fsa is a joke because they as soon as combat starts they drop arms and run away/surrender . 
  they had quite a lot off support until they showed themselves useless . 
  there is an army , there are even rebels . 
  there is russian and american support for them there . 
  there is also the option of organizing something yourself if they ca n't die for their own country then they certainly wo n't die for mine . 
  and then i sure as hell do n't want them having all the rights as we here, 
  one side is quite obviously much more reasonable than the other . . 
  you talking about the muslims that do n't agree with isis/isil/whatever they are called now ? 
  that is exactly what my original point is . 
  fight against them . 
  do n't run for fucks sake , especially since there are still women and children there, 
  whatever was closest to me and gave me the best opportunity to shoot as many of isis and other muslims extremist as possible . 
  which side they fight for is not my matter , the gov vs rebels army is quite clear depending what you believe in . 
  personally i would choose the army because the rebels are just further destabilizing the country when there is an entirely different threat at hand . 
  deal with that one , then you can fix your political shit . 
  right now your own people is getting slaughtered by some allahsnackbars, 
  i have absolutely nothing against the christian refugees . 
  good for them that they leave that shithole, 
  if you abandon your country in the time of war , then you are a traitor . 
  if they are not willing to fight and/or die for their motherland , then what makes you think they will come to my country 's defense when it is needed ? 
  imagine the french people being like `` oh we are occupied , and the resistance is falling . . let 's go to england and ask for asylum ! '', 
  they went to england and asked for a weapon , so they could defend their home . 
  the polish people had almost literally nothing , they still fought . 
  soviet did not even have enough weapon for their men , they still fought . 
  they just run away . 
  or they stay at home and fight for their country . 
  lol then why the fuck do they stick to theirs shitty culture ? 
  most muslims/immigrants are trying sooo hard to stick to their own people and speak their own langue , practice islam etc. 
  they are against human rights , equality etc. 
  ask any of those `` refugees '' what they think of a jew or a homosexual man . 
  it sure as hell wo n't be `` i respect everyone ! '', 
  yep, 
  [ not really . . ] ( https://www.google.se/search?q=budapest+refugees&amp;es_sm=93&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0cacq_auoawovchmipktfu_7ixwivxdusch3rda-r&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=923 ), 
  i will just keep posting this : refugess my ass . 
  most of them are grown men running away , leaving behind women and children . 
  just look at the pictures , videos . 
  the men are in a at least 70 % majority . 
  they claim to be running away from the war , but what kind of person abandons his land when it is under attack by some extremist ? 
  the media tries to compare this to world war refugess , but look at who most of the refugees were . 
  women , children , old people , injured soldiers . 
  civilians stayed and defended their country . 
  if the polish people would have ran away and not fought the nazis , if the french would not join in with british and american forces , if almost every soviet man did not take up arms to defend their country , would we ever have won ? 
  and they were fighting a real military , the germans were really well trained . 
  when warsaw took up arms they were not equipped or trained well enough , but they still did it . 
  to protect their people and freedom . 
  the `` refugees '' now are running away from a poorly organized ( sure they are , but ont on the same level as the germans for example ) , ill eqipped `` soldiers '' . 
  they have the kurds , us , iran and un to support them . 
  i mean he is american after all, 
  sweden would give a lot , mostly strategic interest .
