  i 'm shocked . 
  shocked , i tell you ... 
  i 'm actually ok with this . 
   get out of nato or start paying the us for protection we 'll set it off against the rent you are going to pay for your military bases on our territory . 
  who the fuck are you , motherfucker ? 
  if you do n't believe in laws and rules you can go and be an anarchist reject of society somewhere else . 
  the rules according to andrea845 : 1 . 
  fuck society . 
  anarchy rules . 
  edit : oh , and by the way i reported your [ comment in another subreddit ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/shitstatistssay/comments/2hcdxe/people_discuss_flying_an_isis_flag/ckrpm6u?context=3 ) as brigading . 
  do you know who else manipulated votes ? 
  the nazis . 
  let 's see how that works out for you . 
  because `` muh freedoms of speeeeeech '' , obviously . 
  sad but true . 
  but i seriously doubt they would be open to psychological treatment after being brainwashed already . 
  hard . 
  worth a try , but do n't be overly surprised if those people are too far away to bring them back into society already . 
  hey , it 's not my fault you are unable to grasp the simple rules of society . 
  instead you just respond with bland and empty phrases . 
  happened multiple times already . 
  you are starting to bore me with your dullness . 
  exactly . 
  the one that makes sure we do n't have to live in anarchy . 
  and how are they doing that ? 
  it seems they have a set of rules that everyone has to follow . 
  obviously not . 
  you should follow the discussion . 
  the government . 
  the very institution that makes sure certain laws are enforced so people do n't have to live in anarchy where only the fittest will survive . 
  i 'm all open for discussion as long as you stick with the topic . 
  feel free to discuss my opinion . 
  but i will not get into a discussion with you about the legitimacy of certain rules and laws and whether they are violating freedom of speech . 
  feel free to disagree with my opinion but just do n't come here riding on your high horse like your own country did n't enforce similar laws . 
  that just makes you come across like a douche . 
  i was just voicing my opinion , does that ring a bell with you ? 
  aw yiss !!, 
  beer consumption masterrac ... . oh , nevermind . 
  so you 're not living in a `` free enough society '' after all ? 
  listen mate , i did n't intend to get into an argument about that with you . 
  we are now about to start a discussion about the senselessness of certain laws . 
  this could even get philosophical when we get to the point of asking ourselves why we have to apply rules and laws at all ... 
  i 'm not really feeling philosophical today ... 
  who are you to judge what is right and what is wrong ? 
  it 's classified as a terrorist organization by the un security council . 
  making it illegal is just a good idea . 
  [ i seriously doubt that you would be able to walk around in a shirt like that for long . ] ( http://www.globalpost.com/dispatch/news/afp/131125/norwegian-breivik-supporter-arrested-racist-tweets ) . 
  that poor suppressed guy was just voicing his opinion , right ? 
  afaik isis is scheduled to be banned or already banned in the uk , too . 
  besides that , it is isis as an organisation that is illegal in germany . 
  this means all their symbols like flags can not be shown in public . 
  would it be legal to run around in a t-shirt saying : `` anders breivik was right . 
  i support his actions '' in norway , too ? 
  and my opinion is that as a terrorist organization they are rightfully made illegal here in germany . 
  i disagree . 
  forcing them to disappear in public takes away a lot of possibilities to get in contact with new recruits . 
  it will not prevent them from doing so , but it makes it a lot harder to reach a broader audience . 
  the organization per se is illegal . 
  this means their symbols ( like flags ) are not allowed in public . 
  which part of `` breaking the law '' did you not understand ? 
  they are a classified as a terrorist group [ by the un security council . ] ( http://www.un.org/news/press/docs//2014/sc11495.doc.htm ) . 
  your personal classification is irrelevant . 
  til : the terrorist group isis is a political movement . 
  do you even know what the fuck you are talking about ? 
  do n't like it , do n't come here . 
  simple as that . 
  do you also think that flying the nazi flag here in germany should not be illegal ? 
  freedom of speech is no justification to break the law . 
  not for me , no . 
  i 'm sure isis supporters would see that differently . 
  because it 's the law . 
  period . 
  * supporting * isis is illegal . 
  i 'm sure waving their flag counts as support . 
  you could get arrested for drinking coffee , if you drink it from a isis mug . 
  you 're not getting arrested for waving `` a flag '' . 
  you are getting arrested for showing your support for isis . 
  and rightfully so . 
  lovely . 
  thanks . 
  damn , i missed it before it was deleted . 
  what did it say ? 
  please tell me it involved generalization . 
  so there is a chance they might not come back ? 
  good . 
  we could still learn from iraq , though . 
  `` ali '' for both male and female . 
  now * that 's * efficient . 
  shit like that would get them arrested in germany now . 
  and dealers here hate to be ripped off with ridiculously high fees for every single cc transaction . 
  so they often decide not to offer them . 
  i 've been told this almost every time a dealer would not accept my cc . 
  but for me that 's not a biggie . 
  ec works just as fine , if not even better . 
  because the money will be withdrawn from your account almost instantly you can keep better track of your current balance . 
  i use my cc almost only for online shopping , especially when buying from outside of europe . 
  umm , no and no . 
   because germans do n't have actual credit cards i have a visacard , a mastercard , and 2 girocards  which means that usually you ca n't use credit cards in ec ( girocard ) terminals i have yet to find an atm that does * not * accept either my visa or mastercard . 
  i just have to pay the fee for using them , which is normally so off the roof that this is mostly never an option for me . 
  except for it 's not `` eye '' for an `` eye '' mentality .
