  well , this is embarrassing . 
  my apologies , britain . 
  defend bavaria against ? 
  do n't speak for baden-w\u00fcrttemberg . 
  bavaria is our bro . 
  what in your opinion am i to defend ? 
   why do people like stoiber or strauss become head of government in bavaria with  60 % of votes ? 
  because democracy . 
  because people in bavaria generally seem to have a different political opinion than you . 
  i thought you were talking about the submission from [ u/is _ drunk_best_ignore ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/is_drunk_best_ignore ) that you used in your quote . 
  anyway , i think is n't fair to quote someone in a completely different subreddit without notifying the user and giving him the chance to respond . 
  you could have just answered in that thread over in r/germany , but you chose to open a new thread in r/europe and quoted the parts you did n't like in the hope for what ? 
  imaginary internet points ? 
  in germany we have a word for that : `` hinterfotzig '' . 
  and that 's why i downvoted this thread . 
  when i read it this morning , the score was about the same as it is now , around 20 . 
  so it must have dropped to zero and come back to the current score sometime between this morning and now . 
  strange ... 
  downvote ? 
  i upvoted the shit out of it , because it is spot-on . 
  and the author is not even german . 
   fundamentally , we 'll pay to save the euro , but not if they do n't get their shit together so it does n't happen again . 
  i think this is a even better summary . 
  so you are saying the the bavarian court * deliberately * excluded turkish and greek media ( not all foreign media ! ) ? 
  why would they want to do that ? 
  to make the defendants feel more comfy during the trial ? 
  or are you saying that the court secretly sympathizes with them ? 
  not from my personal experience but the nationalist parties are usually getting more votes in the eastern parts of germany . 
  i see . 
  was n't sure what yaix was implying by using quotation marks for bavaria being the `` best '' state . 
  huh ? 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  euro founder oskar lafontaine ... wat ? 
  they seem to have a strange obsession with the word `` death '', 
   ... hole in the wall , ... one of those holes in the wall you put your ... into ... and then ... is ejected in your general direction . 
  i 've seen that movie . 
  yeah , they both hate you now . 
  did n't you get the memo ? 
  there must be a [ r/ameristralia / ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ameristralia/ ) joke in here . 
  so jelly right now . 
  actually , no . 
  no , i do n't . 
  easy now . 
  what 's with this stupid title ? 
  i 'm ok with that . 
   i do n't think i do . 
  and obviously some others , too . 
  read my post , dude . 
  i have absolutely no problem when someone calls berlusconi a clown because he is a clown . 
  may truth be told . 
  the problem i have is when a clown like steinbr\u00fcck calls other people a clown . 
  now is n't that ironic ? 
  do n't you think ? 
  it 's like rain on a wedding day . 
  me , too . 
  just to see your face when you realize the flow of money suddenly stops . 
  lot 's of lulz would be had . 
  london  germany  uk, 
   steinbr\u00fcck is the smartest candidate we 've had in twenty years or more just thinking of him representing my country and posing for a photo with actual politial leaders makes me want to burn my passport immediately . 
  and your point was ? 
  besides of assuming i 'm a eight year old bild reader ? 
  the party is a joke , their program is a joke and their so called chancellor candidate is a clown . 
  the spd is only a shadow of it 's former self , they are just not ready to realize this . 
  and until then there will be no progress . 
  tl ; dr : yes , she will win again . 
  well , steinbr\u00fcck did his best to not be a serious contender . 
  calling other politicians clowns ... the irony hurts . 
  yes it did happen once in 1957 for cdu/csu ( csu being the bavarian cdu branch ) . 
  nowadays with the wide variety of parties it is very , very unlikely to happen . 
  the main purpose for coalititions is to get a majority in the parliament to outvote most of the descisions and to have a so called `` regierungsf\u00e4hige mehrheit '' ( majority able to govern ) . 
  this is typically achieved by forming coalitions of parties with a similar objective ( cdu & fdp vs. spd & greens ) theoretically a coalition would not be necessary , if one party gets more than 50 % of the bundestag seats on its own `` alsolute mehrheit '' ( absolute majority ) , but this is unlikely to happen . 
  four famous words : * that is no moon . 
  no , they are literally invisible . 
  checkmate , north-korea . 
  she 's bringing sexy back . 
  nobody will see them coming, 
  exactly . 
  our subs are n't even close to the channel ... yet . 
  germany : * street ? 
  best we can do is a garbage dump *, 
  yay for florida , and their awesome freedom !, 
  we work in the dark to serve the light . 
  shhh ... templars might be reading . 
  are you ... a wizard ? 
  hitlers stache was more impressive , though . 
  she was a strong opponent of german reunification . 
  i for one will not miss her very much . 
  but out of respect for her as human being and not as politician : requiescat in pace . 
  boy , that godwined quickly . 
  ok , let me rephrase that for you , fuckhead : shove that superiority complex up your ass . 
  just because your mom did a german shepherd some years ago does n't make you a german . 
   reg : what ? 
  yeah , yeah . 
  they did give us that . 
  uh , that 's true . 
  yeah . 
   commando # 3 : and the sanitation . 
   loretta : oh , yeah , the sanitation , reg . 
  remember what the city used to be like ? 
  all right .
