  come on , lighten up , buddy . 
  it 's only a game i enjoy playing , and that can make me feel like i was part of that time in history . 
  taking everything for true historical facts is stupid . 
  do n't worry , i know that this is a game and arno did n't actually help th\u00e9roigne de m\u00e9ricourt . 
  but it is based on historical facts and it 's probably still the closest to french history i will ever get . 
  this is jaden smith material . 
   gambled this was varoufakis biggest mistake : thinking sch\u00e4uble was bluffing . 
  he was n't . 
  grexit was on the table already . 
  so hitler must have been the king of badassery then ? 
  what i learned from all this mess is that you can not have a monetary union without having a fiscal union . 
  this just does n't work . 
  you put trust in other member states to act responsibly with the new credibilty that was given to them through the monetary union , but this trust has been shattered . 
  greece acted like a teen that found the families credit card and went on a shopping spree . 
  this must not happen again or we will all be fucked really bad . 
   the problem i think is mentality , you do n't see each other as countrymen well , because we are n't . 
  frankly , i do n't even think my kids will see other eu members as fellow countrymen . 
  what we have are partners and even some friends that share the ~ ~ same ~ ~ similar political and economical interests ( germany and france ) . 
  but there are still too much cultural differences between european countries . 
  not having a common language is also a great showstopper . 
  how long would it take to make , let 's say nigeria or aserbaidjian a new us state ? 
  and keep in mind that this does n't mean they have to adopt the us culture completely , because that would be evil ( what people think germany wants to do with greece ) , but the us would also have to adopt many aspects of their culture . 
  it would easily take more than just 2 generations . 
  and that 's what we have in europe right now . 
  vive la revolution !, 
  also as someone who met robespierre in assassins creed unity in person , let me just say : what a noodle . 
  come on , that 's not even a secret . 
  because letting greece continue to have it their way in the last few years did so much good to the health of europe , right ? 
   switzerland !, 
  i 'm not even mad, 
  we 'll declare independence from germany and leave the whole eu bullshit , and introduce our own currency . 
  with sp\u00e4tzle and soss . 
  fuck that . 
  i 'd rather write off all greek debts before joining the schluchtis . 
  [ you should watch this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8xaxjx9wj8 ), 
  someone has to do `` 10 hours of walking in athens wearing a germany jersey '' now . 
  killed a lot of german soldiers in assassins creed unity . 
  i was really pissed , because my double hidden blade kills just would n't work . 
  shooting down the stukas from the eiffel tower was fun though . 
  stop making me feel less superior with your facts !, 
  trolls like germans ? 
  well , according to his pointless insults and generalizations , his jimmies seem to be rustled really bad . 
  that 's why i felt we need an appropriate scale . 
  on a scale from zero to 53 billion euro , how much have your jimmies been rustled ? 
  `` i 'll give you my gun when you pry it from my cold , dead hands '' edit : til / r/europe hates charlton heston . 
  computer games . 
  what 's wrong with your keyboard ? 
  veto this , cukas . 
  [ that looks like a giant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wozyoa_pod0 ), 
  you voted for them . 
  but i would n't be surprised if this is somehow germanys fault again . 
  and they are now ready to agree to a deal that 's worse than what the eu offered before the referendum . 
  this would be so fucking funny if it was n't the greek people that are suffering . 
  but then again these people voted for those syriza clowns . 
  if you think her haircut * now * is bad , you should n't google for older pictures of her . 
  [ this one ? 
  her pr department should at least send him an autograph for his effort . 
  juncker forgot to bring his own . 
  the skull looks badass . 
  i approve !, 
  thanks ~ ~ obama ~ ~ captain obvious . 
  the chat there just gave me cancer . 
  yeah , right . 
  and i 'm sure that you strongly sympathizing with the greek side and opposing the eus point of view has absolutely nothing to do with it . 
  that 's called selective perception . 
  there is absolutely nothing in this article that comes close to this sensationalist title . 
  * `` boo-hoo the dirty nazis are calling us names '' * -- greek media for the last 7 years, 
  anything that does n't involve cutting the greek expenses dramatically is no acceptable offer . 
  see , we are going round in circles just like our politicians . 
   bavarians with germans does not compute . 
  berlin , the canada of germany . 
  it 's funny how people keep using the word ` austerity ' like it 's a swear word . 
  austerity means : `` if you have no money , cut your expenses . '', 
  jesus , calm your titties !, 
  not looking at numbers brought your country and the whole ez in this mess . 
  still ca n't play ice hockey :(, 
   i have no idea what the greek government was doing it 's basically asking the people if they really think tsipras way of handlig the whole situation is what they want . 
  the answer is yes . 
  breaking news : / u/clainmyn did n't reject shit making the oxi referedum outcome effectively meaningless . 
  lol burrrrrn !, 
  what ? 
  [ thanks , but no thanks . 
  ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2014-07-11/berlin-spying-prompted-u-s-offer-too-late-to-sway-merkel ) - germany to the us over an offer to a no-spying agreement similar to the fe . 
  you mean germans with turkish ancestry like my brother in law ? 
  or you want me to literally go back to alanya ( where i just came back from ) to fuck them up ? 
  i guess i could , if that would make you feel less awkward now , but i 'd rather go back there and have fun with them by laughing at the pale , sunburnt ... . . gr8 b8 m8 . 
  i 'm not gon na fall for that, 
  since you obviously have nothing more to offer than retarded assumptions , baseless accusations and a more or less hidden germanophobia , i have nothing else to say to you than `` have a good day '' . 
   your nation 's fine tradition of denial . 
  that 's rich coming from a brit . 
  have a good day , too . 
  imagine you have a company that builds cars . 
  now another car company goes bankrupt and you decide to buy it . 
  there are 2 possibilites : 1 . 
  you itegrate that company into yours , meaning you are taking over the business , management , brands and so on . 
  so you basically continue this car companies business . 
  in this case the old company still `` kind of '' exists , and you have to continue the warranties for their old products . 
  you just buy the property and facilites and hire all their staff to work for you , and dump the manament . 
  in this case the old company does n't exists anymore , although the people are still there . 
  the frg and the gdr did the second .
