  he is certainly not german . 
  this `` r '' sound was too enforced and when he said `` t\u00fccher '' ( an actual word in german ) it sounded like he had an english accent . 
  also his american accent was spot-on and he did omit british english . 
  so i 'm guessing he is british . 
  the prosecution rests , your honor . 
  brussels beach sounds amazing . 
  i ai n't even mad . 
  wow , someone is still pissed about the little french surprise anschluss . 
  i 'm afraid this will lead to nothing , but good to see that people still see what 's wrong with our governments . 
  * rise like lions after slumber * * in unvanquishable number , * * shake your chains to earth like dew * * which in sleep had fallen on you - * * ye are many - they are few * -- percy bysshe shelley, 
   according to the german foreign ministry , the head of its european department asked for a response to the reported espionage and pointed out that the `` interception of communications from the premises of a diplomatic mission would be behaviour contrary to international law '' . 
  i 'm pretty confident the german foreign ministry does n't throw charges like that at diplomatic missions lightheartedly . 
   all the outposts were doing is likely collecting signals the purpose of diplomatic missions is to represent their respective governments . 
  not their intelligence agencies . 
  what most people here do not understand is that there is a difference between countries spying on each other and using their embassies as intel outposts . 
  the latter is a violation of international law and the uk and us were caught red-handed . 
  it 's even funnier when you realize that mr. westerwelle is openly gay . 
  jep , that descibes it even better . 
  using their embassies in london and washington for intel gathering ? 
  try again . 
  from someone feeling more and more disgusted by the so-called western values : thanks , but no thanks . 
  your are quite naive for an kgb agent . 
  you sound like a tool , too . 
  imposter , that 's not even a real song . 
  wow , what a tool . 
  \u266b \u266a do n't blame it on sunshine . 
  do n't blame it on moonlight . 
  do n't blame it on good times . 
  blame it on the germans . \u266b \u266a, 
  it 's what ? 
  what ?? 
  i must know !, 
  do n't hold your breath ... 
  but that 's a familiy affair and none of your beeswax , ` murica . 
  right , guys ? 
  guys ? 
  well , duh . 
  if you want to make a living in another country , you 'll have to learn the language . 
  why people assume this is n't necessary is beyond me . 
  fellow countrymen detected . 
  op should be fine , as long as ** talks ** to those tourists . 
  but what if those tourists are a group of marathon runners ? 
  `` gehen '' would force them to slow down ... jk . 
  you 're right . 
  `` gehen '' is better in this context . 
  `` laufen '' is more colloquial where i live . 
  however i disagree with your second point . 
  op said he intends to use these sentences himself , so there is no need to change the translation from `` mir '' ( i 'm sorry ) to `` uns '' ( we 're sorry ), 
  thank you , captain obvious !, 
  well , it overstepped the boudaries of my good taste . 
   the german thing is a bit offensive that was almost 70 years ago , but i agree it was a bit over the edge ... . oooh , you were talking about the video . 
  not for me :(, 
  i tried baconit , but compared to the android app i previously had on my galaxy , it 's just bad . 
  are you using an app for that or just the webbrowser ? 
  i 'm still looking for a decent reddit app for my lumia . 
  * ohgodwhy.jpg *, 
  yeah , everything went down the hill since zidane left . 
  i want my 3 minutes back . 
  you 'll be hearing from my lawyer . 
   having been bombarded by the german oh god , not again ...  stereotype phew !, 
  ouch . 
  that 's why we invented the `` v2 '' ... . ^ too ^ soon ? 
  dude , are you hitting on me ? 
  even the germans had a blast . 
  let 's make an app for that . 
  boom - innovation . 
  get the pitchforks, 
  it 's a trap . 
   impeached impaled ftfy, 
  looks like someone mistook ordinary vampire attacks as a sign of rabies . 
  silly friedrich-l\u00f6ffler-institute . 
  what 's the difference between a smart car and the fdp ? 
  the smart has two seats . 
  sorry for what ? 
  that was a great documentary !, 
  germany can not into discovery . 
   overwhelming voting weight ... 
  this is the problem of having 84m citizens you did the mix-up here . 
  not saying your point is wrong in general . 
   this is the problem of having 84m citizens due to a press release from februray ( bundeswahlleiter ) it 's around 61,8 m eligible voters . 
  at first i was like * lolwut ? 
  * but the more i think about it , the more ground i find for this approach . 
  not ready to consider it myself , though . 
  not as long as i ca n't have the same influence in foreign elections , too . 
   in order to achieve its majority , the partei is willing to form a coalition with any other party -- bar the free democratic party , stating ` we do n't form coalitions with joke parties . ', 
  this is pure gold . 
  not using proper particle filters ? 
  to be fair , i do n't call them myself as it 's not my private property either , but rather tell the shop employees what 's going on in their parking lot . 
  no regrets . 
  what i actually enjoy is watching them getting arrested after calling the police for begging in a private lidl parking lot . 
  as long as russia keeps calm there is really nothing to be nervous about . 
  oh , shut the fuck up . 
  arrrgh !, 
  a cute dutch accent . 
  cracking the enigma code and now this ? 
  damn you , britain !, 
  i agree . 
  this is too convenient to be true . 
  well , this is awkward . 
  shhh .
