  i suggest you read it before spreading bullshit . 
  cheese . 
  cersei is freaking hot . 
   you come off as kinda an asshole  no offense lolwut ? 
  not true for germany . 
  we like them . 
  his hairstyle is insane . 
  dey will terk arr mosques !, 
  * there is no upper limit of german refugees we can take . 
  * -- baschar al-assad, 
  he likes cats . 
  the words ethical and bild do n't mix well . 
   \u041d\u0430s panam103 bombing ever called `` lockerbie disaster '' ? 
  [ in germany it is called exactly that ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/lockerbie-anschlag ), 
  could you rephrase that ? 
  i 'm not sure i understood what you were asking . 
  that did n't even cross my mind . 
  thanks , captain obvious . 
  that 's actually a good reason to install an adblocker . 
  how much ? 
  since you seem to know , why not provide the sources ? 
  ** edit : yeah , that 's what i thought . 
  that 's what an intellectually overburdened person would say . 
  i know right ? 
  there is a reason why we call those nasty nazi fuckers salz-wassermassen-raubkatze here in germany . 
  excuse me ? 
  every jihadist has the right to get bombed , no matter where they 're from . 
  check your privilege , france . 
  tfw everyone goes to a party and you are n't invited . 
  correct , but the syrans did n't bring delicious tex mex food . 
  [ but , but , but ... ] ( https://imgflip.com/i/seqt0#uual2ccrqfhvdh5z.16 ), 
  civil ? 
  we 're in a germany/refugee thread here . 
  in / r/europe . 
  that 's really the wrong place to expect civil behaviour , mate . 
  neither were you . 
  that 's not what germans think . 
  it 's a fact and can be easily researched . 
  what people want to think or which made up stories they want to believe in is their problem . 
  that 's ok . 
  this was still one of the nicest things people said in this thread , 
  so either it 's her fault , or it 's not in which case it 's also her fault . 
  got it . 
  fact is she never said anything like that , which makes his claim  it is germany who has invited illegal immigrants a nice big pile of bullshit . 
  ergo / u/humankapital291 answer was well deserved, 
  germany was in fact a driving force in pushing for sanctions . 
  what reluctance are you talking about ? 
  [ germany pushed for more sanctions against russia ] ( http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2015/06/07/g7-summit-germany/28638255/ ) . 
  no , but you can , and that 's his point . 
  it does , because that  it is germany who has invited illegal immigrants never happend . 
  he has a point , though . 
  username checks out . 
  you should really protect yourself from the evil forces of germany . 
  like building a fence or something . 
  you 're pretty sure . 
  ca n't argue with that brutal evidence . 
  because it takes time for the jihadists to organize and take over the vaccum that was left behind . 
  what do you think the refugees are fleeing from ? 
  what basically caused this crisis is the us and it 's poodle bombing away in the middle east like it 's a fucking sport competition . 
  he mentions the netherlands just as much as the uk , so i think he 's really dutch . 
  but then again he mentions germany more than any other country . 
  but that would still mean complete new negotiations between scotland and the eu . 
   i 'm generally curious as to how you could misconstrue it so . 
  salty because he 's still missing his bike ? 
  not hated but they have n't the best reputation . 
  for example the top 9 ( excluding austrians ) of burglaries in austria [ is completey taken by eastern european countries ] ( http://www.heute.at/storage/pic/bilder/news/lokales/706843_1_statistik.jpg?version=1375819047 ), 
  that sounds like a great deal to be honest . 
  i wonder how the uk plans to stay in the news after the referendum . 
  so you are saying there is a chance the author also had angela merkel in mind when introducing daenerys targaryen ? 
  i fucking knew it . 
  til : scots are wildlings and scotland is full of white walkers . 
  great wall when ? 
  you both shut your mouths right now . 
  he just went inside to get a free coffee refill . 
  jesus , why is everyone always picking at sigur\u00f0ur ? 
  he 's actually a cool dude . 
  as long as the outcome is deportation for committing a crime and being a threat to our country i really do n't care if their asylum request is formally rejected or approved first . 
  please point me to where i said that so i can correct it , because that 's totally not what i want . 
  i want them thrown out legally on the grounds that they committed a crime during the request process . 
  in other words their request should be instantly rejected because they have failed to prove that their are compatible with our society and live by it 's laws . 
  i guess we imported a holy war . 
  thanks , angela . 
   2 callers even made death threats - not muslims but germans , calling her a `` nazi bitch '' there are times when this country really disgusts me . 
  of course the authorities should make that final descision . 
  i never said otherwise . 
  tell that to the geneva refugee convention . 
  because article 33 section 2 allows you to do just that . 
  they might get an angry letter , though . 
  that counts , right ? 
  not in the next few minutes , i 'm still at work . 
  you might also want to edit your first post , where you suggested i did n't know about the constitution because you `` might be probably '' wrong for sure , if this is the document we are talking about . 
  i mean it 's pretty clear . 
  germany has the right to reject these applicants and deport them without violating the geneva convention . 
  i like how you decided to ignore the second paragraph and just posted the first one because the second one limits the first one and puts it into another perspective :  the benefit of the present provision may not , however , be claimed by a refugee whom there are reasonable grounds for regarding as a danger to the security of the country in which he is , or who , having been convicted by a final judgment of a particularly serious crime , constitutes a danger to the community of that country . 
  romania bringing the heat . 
  you can use tor all you want when you are running it in a compromised os , which for me is windows or ios by design , you are probably still fucked . 
  for maximum safety you will have to get rid of those , too . 
  this is where tails comes handy because it can run from a bootable usb drive . 
  i do n't care if they are watching me browsing reddit or youporn . 
  as long as i * know * they are doing it , and there are ways to prevent them from doing so , if i really need my privacy .
