  same principle different scale . 
  if one is big enough to cause an impact winter , missing solar energy might not even be the biggest of our concerns . 
  not with the naked eye as it is too small . 
  but with good binoculars ( and clear view of the sky ) you might be able to find it . 
   it will be around magnitude 7 at it 's brightest so will rank as one of the brightest if not the brightest asteroids to pass near earth in recorded astronomy . 
  edit : it 's an asteroid ( no meteor ) as it will not come in contact with earths atmosphere, 
  fear mongering to some , raising awareness to others . 
  and that was only a baby . 
  now imagine if [ this one ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012_da14 ) would hit us . 
  tonight it will pass earth at a distance of only 27,700 km ( 17,200 mi ) - the closest ever predicted for an object of that size . 
  ... its closest approach will be at 19:25 gmt  if it were to impact earth , it is estimated that it would enter the atmosphere at 12.7 km/s with the kinetic energy of 3.5 megatons of tnt , and produce an air burst with the equivalent of 2.9 megatons of tnt at an altitude of roughly 8.5 kilometers ( 28,000 ft ) . 
  the tunguska event has been estimated at 3 \u2212 20 megatons . 
  asteroids about 50 meters in diameter are expected to impact earth once every 1200 years or so . 
  such an impact could be a city-killer , as asteroids larger than 35 meters across can pose a threat to a town or city . 
   maine for having the most white people . 
  ai n't nothing wrong ` bout that !, 
  love , alabama, 
  because beating up ! = killing ? 
  happy valentines !, 
  you !, 
  i like you . 
  greece . 
  too soon ? 
  so you do n't have to talk to yourself , you little silly nugget . 
  yours did n't make me give a fuck . 
  where is the funny ? 
  since it 's getting too obvious in which direction you are heading , and i 'm not in the mood to waste my time on some ignorant prick like yourself , i will just stop our conversation here and let you keep whining for yourself , you little bigot . 
  not really . 
  we already had very sophisticated technology long before the war even started . 
  and we still have . 
  yeah , we are literally hitler . 
  we hav veys to mek ju bai !, 
  needs more david attenborough . 
  and you should . 
  when we press `` x '' , people die . 
  well , being called potato instead of mass murderer would be something refreshingly different . 
  wretched attempt . 
  we are not authorized to talk about that . 
  so if rtl and pro7 are n't neutral where are they on your scale ? 
  the tone in [ this article ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/analysis-and-reaction-on-david-cameron-s-plan-for-a-referendum-on-eu-a-879241.html ) is a little different :  cameron is banking on other governments helping him to convince the british . 
  he is seeking support from traditional allies like germany , the netherlands and the scandinavian countries . 
  he is looking to chancellor angela merkel in particular -- he referred to her several times in his speech . 
   it 's unknown what merkel has offered cameron in their face-to-face meetings . 
  but germany 's official reaction has been cool . 
  ** germany wants britain in the eu , say government officials in berlin -- but not at any price . 
  it 's up to the british to decide whether they can live with common rules . 
  germany , they say , wo n't be blackmailed . 
  ** edit : the comments section of the telegraph article is also hilarious . 
  * the system goes on-line 2013 . 
  human decisions are removed from strategic defense . 
  blue brain begins to learn at a geometric rate . 
  it becomes self-aware at 2:14 a.m. eastern time , august 29th . 
  in a panic , they try to pull the plug . 
  that was very insightful , thanks . 
   not all of us yell `` freeeeeedooom '' and go around with fake accents right . 
  next thing you are trying to tell me you do n't wear kilts and play bagpipe the whole day . 
  so it 's more of an emotional connection to the uk than a rational one ? 
  because for someone outside the uk like me this concept sounds like `` i really would like to do this and that , but england does n't allow it '' . 
  do you see scotland as an independent nation or rather as a part ( state ) of something bigger ( the uk ) , similar to bavaria for germany or texas for the us ? 
  my impression of scotland might be spoiled by mel gibson , just curious how the scots view themselves on the world stage . 
  but what is to lose if scotland leaves the uk and joins the eu by it 's own decision ? 
  not scotland ? 
  sounds quite reasonable to me . 
  it 's only gay if you make eye contact . 
  \u266a \u266b * this is no ordinary love * \u266b \u266a, 
  so brave !, 
  i knew there was a reason why i prefer subversion . 
   as for being aggressive , anything you read into my posts to pablospicyweiner is me just responding in kind to what i received from him . 
  where ? 
  dude , i think you really should just chill , have a nice cup of tea and re-read our little conversation . 
  i 'm pretty sure you will see that in fact you are the one that went ballistic and came up with `` we britons do n't care what germany thinks '' right after i said , that the press in germany does not ( yet ) seem to care too much about the uk in the eu , but rather watches from outside ( or in this case inside ;o) ), 
  again : germans or the german press simply do n't care enough ( yet ) to have a valid opinion you could use to substantiate your `` nobody wants us out '' statement . 
  as the decision whether the uk should stay or leave is not ours anyway , why should we care too much ? 
  we can only watch and enjoy the show . 
   who would care if they did ? 
  you . 
  obviously . 
  as you mentioned the german press right from the start to substantiate your own opinion . 
  what i said is , that this assumption is simply invalid . 
  you 're mixing up lack of interest with approval . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
   and judging by recent stories in the german press , certainly not a majority of germans keep showing that `` we are special '' attitude just a little bit longer and this might change within one week . 
  while mentioning that topic from time to time the german press just does n't care too much yet . 
   should be sent back from whence they came  in the middle east wut ? 
  ... whatevs . 
  why do n't you go and fuck yourself ? 
  could be the same principle when driving in a car with my wife . 
  she always tries to tell me what to do and where to go but in the end it 's not her behind the steering wheel . 
  it 's just so annoying , you know . 
  wow , it really feels better to have that off my chest now . 
  thanks , al. 
  as already stated multiple times in this sub , which you obviously chose to ignore : where is the connection between voting power and one countries sovereignty ? 
  you can split the voting masses into any kind of groups . 
  where is the connection between these voting groups and one countries identity ? 
  how does it change a voting result if your groups are called voting group 1-100 or germany ? 
   we would n't have to step in and save you from yourselves again full godwin . 
  but let me ftfy real quick :  we would n't have to watch the us and russia step in and save you from yourselves again, 
  again you just state your opinion without neither giving the slightest hint ** why ** this would be a good idea nor how this would help europe . 
  but i understand your feelings . 
  while you have to watch england slowly drifting into irrelevance germany and france become more important every day .
