  because the terrorists want to steal our freedom . 
  you forgot your trolling signature this time :  edit : downvotes ? 
  really ? 
  i guess this is what i get for having an opinion different from the hivemind ... ftfy, 
  i. ... i think i just fell in love with you . 
  dude , whenever you are in the south-western germany area , hit me up so i can buy you a beer . 
  you honestly just restored a lot of my faith in the uk . 
  well , that 's it . 
  i guess the saying is right after all : arguing on the internet is like competing in the special olympics . 
  even if you win , you are still retarded . 
  having said this , i will have to go back to work now . 
  you know keep the economy running and stuff . 
  so long , mate . 
   the best help could be given to europe is germany leaving the euro and readopting the mark you mean , running around with your tail between your legs , and just giving out advices no one wants to hear ? 
  nah , that would be too ... british . 
  we have a winner . 
  actually , according to the bbc germany is really popular right now and not only in europe . 
  why so butthurt ? 
  did our economy accidentally your economy ... oh yeah , i forgot . 
  it did . 
  well , you still got soccer ... wait . 
  you misspelled helping . 
  i must have missed where i said that . 
  yeah , that was the most important part . 
  ... and beer . 
  lots of beer . 
  brewed by catholic monks . 
  nope, 
  what 's going on here ? 
  again , you are offering no solutions , only nagging . 
  this is not helpful at all , but obviously rather common for a brit . 
  i encourage you to read [ this ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2012/06/13/opinion/germany-cant-fix-the-euro-crisis.htm?_r=1 ) article . 
  this pretty much sums it up , why germany is so cautious about the greek bailout plans . 
  this is a great idea . 
  [ another one from germany ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uzvw5.jpg ), 
   75 % of the money do n't come from germany . 
  so germany should behave accordingly . 
  also the money are not used for greeks only . 
  which means germany contributes 25 % which is by far the biggest chunk . 
  you are just conceding my point . 
  also please understand that british news are much too biased especially when it comes to bashing germany , so they are always to be taken with a grain of salt . 
  here 's a `` die welt '' interview with greek writer markaris which draws a totally different [ picture ] ( http://www.welt.de/kultur/article6523587/wir-griechen-sind-selbst-schuld-an-der-krise.html ) ( german ) europe expects us to take a leading role in this crisis . 
  but everytime we are trying to act , we get to hear how we are all nazis trying to take over europe once again . 
  what the hell does europe expect us to do ? 
  throwing out our hard earned money like it was growing on trees ? 
  not going to happen . 
  i would rather have germany leave the eu , bring back the dm , and see how europe gets along without us . 
  so unless you do n't have a solution for our situation which does not involve betraying the german people , you better think twice when critizing the way germany acts in this matter . 
  no , i am saying that greece wanted to join the euro so bad , they even decided to fake their bilances in the beginnig . 
  what happens now was inevitable . 
  and that is exactly what greece is to blame for . 
  the problem is , it can not be undone easily , so we will have to deal with this issue . 
  but if europe expects germany to pay the big chunk , it is our damn right to make sure our money is not burned but used efficiently . 
  shame on you if you fool me once , shame on me if you fool me twice . 
  when exactly did germany force greece to join the euro ? 
  it must have slipped my mind ... 
  no seriously , i would . 
  if that would mean the uk had no more rights to barge in european politics than let 's say tibet , i would totally pay for that . 
  yeah , but it 's not germany 's fault , so it 's not news worthy for the bbc . 
  forever alone : level finland, 
  omg , germany is the villain again ? 
  now that was unexpected . 
  also , this guy should be shot . 
  we have manuel neuer . 
  you argument is invalid . 
  but , but hitler was ... nevermind . 
  so disappointed i will not be singing `` ohne holland fahrn wir zur em '' this year :o), 
  so you hopefully get to see a lot of sad faces . 
  oh , and better get rid of `` zat german akzent '' , too ;o), 
  even worse : which team would be able beat a europe-allstars squad ? 
  not on this planet , that 's for sure . 
  thanks . 
  i am so looking forward to that game , dude . 
  good luck to your squad . 
  i know . 
  but what is this video about ? 
  i 'm not polish and what is this ? 
  waving the german flag while you clearly hate it . 
  wtf is wrong with you ? 
   it looks as though you do . 
  advice is something you are asked for . 
  otherwise you are just the back seat driver not in the position to make those decisions yourself . 
   national broadcaster reporting facts i do n't see facts , i see `` germany should '' yadda-yadda-yadda , and this is what i quoted and this is what i am referring to when i say that the bbc should stfu , because we do n't need your advice . 
  i did n't waste my time to read the rest of it . 
  what the hell happened to the bbc anyways ? 
  it was formerly known as a very decent news broadcaster ... anyways , if that caused you to respond like a 5 year old , it 's really not my problem . 
  i feel honored . 
  after singing the song of your people , let me sing you the song of mine : * mind your own business , mind your own business , mind your own business and stfu . 
   germany should commission a top-secret task force , to prepare a plan for use only should one country be imminently leaving the eurozone . 
  the bbc really starts to show some unhealthy obsession with the eurozone recently . 
  hey , britain , you 're not even in . 
  until you are not willing to take part in this , we really , really , really do n't need any advice from you , kthanksbye . 
  btw. , i am pretty sure we already have appropriate plans for multiple scenarios . 
  if any maniac in this world starts launching nukes , we are all pretty much fucked no matter where we are . 
  unless there no magic anti radiation deflector , which prevents the radioactivity from entering europe , of course . 
  we should probably just make it illegal for radiation to enter europe . 
  that will teach them . 
  it seems to me you do n't want to understand , do you ? 
  you were saying that the concept of operation samson was not an official statement , as long as it did not come from a member the israeli government or military . 
   the person who said this is not a member of the israeli government or military .
