  ** edit : fuck , i did n't even bother to check your link before replying . 
  well played , sir . 
  [ this sums it up for germany ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpukwy0_cj0 ), 
   i think they get a bad rap in europe but dr. dre 's compton album really sucks . 
  next steps : * introduce sith as official religion * build a deathstar * ??? 
  me neither . 
  dict.cc made me say it . 
  i usually agree with you , but that was a lead balloon . 
  even if you were being sarcastic . 
  * grumbling intensifies *, 
  i would n't waste time trying to teach a monkey how to monkey . 
  why would i waste it on you ? 
  complain to the government , since they are obviously not doing their job to make sure your ass is wiped properly . 
  go talk to your hairdresser if you are feeling lonely . 
  i 'm done with you . 
  [ 1966 nevar forget ] ( http://cdn.meme.am/instances/500x/62278034.jpg ), 
   so you believe the german government is infallible and these people are all liars about paying rent . 
  now you are getting ridiculous . 
  stop being a douchebag and stop putting things in my mouth i never said . 
  just admit , you were talking out of your ass about things you do n't know shit about . 
  you just came here and felt like you needed to tell us a story that had nothing to do with anything we were talking about whatsoever . 
  feeling the need to tell us how much taxes you are paying just confirms that impression . 
  now let me repeat what i wrote :  why would the government feel responsible for private owned apartments ? 
  your story has nothing , i repeat zero , to do with what we are talking about . 
  do you even know how social housing works ? 
  the big difference is , that these apartments are government funded , so they have quite an insight how much money flows from tenants to landlords . 
   i would n't at all be surprised if the government was giving these people money to live in these apartments but had no idea which apartments they were in . 
  you are wrong . 
  talking about pulling stuff out of thin air . 
  so you did not live in a social housing when this happened ? 
  then what has this to do with anything we were talking about ? 
  why would the government feel responsible for ** private owned ** apartments ? 
  i was assuming you were talking about social housing , since this is the topic here . 
  why did you even come up with this off-topic story then ? 
  and it did not cross your mind to check with the authorities if your government funded ( ! ), 
  apartment suddenly costs more than what has been agreed to ? 
  especially if those payments go to someone else ? 
  probably your own fault then . 
  it surely is possible , and you are probably a good example , but i still think it 's unlikely . 
  people would usually complain to the authorities pretty fast . 
  it 's your own responsibility . 
  so what about those higly qualified doctors , engineers and scientists , that also come here ? 
  kick them out , because they had well payed jobs ? 
  they were still living in risk of death in their home country . 
  social housing is controlled by the city administration to a certain degree . 
  it 's hard for some asshole to just move in and claim money from everyone without being reported to the authorities . 
  germany is not a third-world banana republic . 
  so your scenario is not impossible , but very unlikely . 
  i saw these these 300 euro headphones being sold for 10 euros in turkey this year . 
  they even had genuine beats by dr.dre t-shirts , sunglasses and backpacks , too . 
  do n't jump to conclusions too quickly . 
  it was n't mentioned explicitly , but why would she pay rent to someone , when she knows that her neighbour does n't . 
  i think it 's more likely that the employment office forced her to pay since she and her daughter ( ? ), 
  both had an income , whereas the other guy was probably living on hartz 4 . 
  since the apartments are social housing most likely the employment office ( agentur f\u00fcr arbeit ), 
   i guess we sent our poor to north america and get houses build for them . 
  did you even watch the video ? 
  the cleaner clearly said she pays 400 euro / month . 
  facts are sensationalist ? 
  ard is state tv . 
  not exactly the sun or bild level media . 
   asylum seekers are legally not the same as refugees . 
  this does not make the slightest difference for those molotov cocktail throwing lowlifes . 
  that just takes into account the refugees from the syrian civil war . 
  [ but there are more ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-24636868 ), 
  we are also leading in taking refugees by far . 
  i would first like to see an attack per refugee breakdown before jumping on the `` shame on germany '' bandwagon, 
  do n't matter . 
  i voted for them . 
  if they behave badly i am responsible , because i gave them the power . 
  next time , i 'll vote differently . 
  it 's still your country , your choices your responsibility . 
  you are talking like we are just dumb cattle . 
  heck , i 'm sure some politicians even share this view , but it all comes back to the peoples responsibility to vote them in and out of power . 
  who said that ? 
  of course they did . 
  i would even dare to say they do it on a regular basis . 
  i 'm not even talking about the death penalty . 
  they want him punished and locked up . 
  saying `` but it 's the governement '' is just too easy . 
  which brings us to the actual point one . 
   americans wish death on a man that sacrificed everything to help the people, 
  if there is so much disagreement about how this whole snowden scandal was handled by the government , why are n't the people already on the streets rioting and demanding impunity for him ? 
  given they never really had a choice on this policy , then there never was a * best * choice . 
   because politicians never lie , never tell half-truths and do n't actively engage in questionable policies from time to time ? 
  of course they do . 
  in this case i will have to vote differently , or in the worst case do n't vote at all . 
  it 's still my responsibility to use my vote for those i agree with most . 
   the american people are not to blame about an agency they indeed knew very little about until snowden his revelations . 
  it is wrong to say they are responsible about something that has never been subject of campaigning or public scrutiny . 
  i did not say they are responsible for the things the nsa does , but for their government which , in theory , should have control over the nsa . 
   as a german yourself , you know how flawed that type of reasoning is . 
  i do n't think it 's flawed . 
  not only do i feel personally repsonible for the things my government does ( the good and the bad things ) , but also for the bad things other german governments did in the past by making sure these mistakes will not be repeated . 
  this does not mean i totally aggree with everything they do , and it directly affects my electoral behavior . 
  it 's probably both . 
  i do n't think the republicans need a lot of media mind fucking to think snowden is literally hitler for betraying gods chosen nation . 
  i can not predict what americans think . 
  i said `` i think ... [ ] '' , which is just my personal opinion about why both parties want snowdens head . 
   are you responsible for everything bad thing your government does ?
