  i 'll grant you the aqueduct and the sanitation are two things that the romans have done . 
   matthias : and the roads . 
   reg : well , yeah . 
  obviously the roads . 
  i mean , the roads go without saying , do n't they ? 
  but apart from the sanitation , the aqueduct , and the roads --  commando : irrigation . 
   commandos : huh ? 
  huh ...  commando # 2 : education . 
   commandos : ohh ...  reg : yeah , yeah . 
  all right . 
  fair enough . 
   commando # 1 : and the wine . 
   commandos : oh , yes . 
  yeah , that 's something we 'd really miss , reg , if the romans left . 
  huh . 
   commando : public baths . 
   loretta : and it 's safe to walk in the streets at night now , reg . 
   francis : yeah , they certainly know how to keep order . 
  let 's face it . 
  they 're the only ones who could in a place like this . 
   reg : all right , but apart from the sanitation , the medicine , education , wine , public order , irrigation , roads , a fresh water system , and public health , what have the romans ever done for us ? 
   xerxes : brought peace . 
  peace ? 
  shut up !, 
  and ? 
  i 'm just gon na wait for the hot polish ladies . 
  this concept can be easily adapted to other beverages like whiskey * nudge , nudge , wink , wink * . 
  we have the technology . 
  deal . 
  as far as i recall * i * owe * you * that beer , but who am i to complain ? 
  easy now . 
  walkereu is one of the decent people here in r/europe no need to go ballistic and no need for personal attacks . 
  yes , you got the concept . 
  basically video chat roulette on large public sceens all over europe . 
  awesome !, 
  now you can moon random people all over europe on large 6x2 meter screens . 
  what 's not to like ? 
   as soon as you gave up we stopped bombing , stopped shooting well , i for one think that if it was n't for the americans to watch over you ( and the french ) , the after war situation could have been much worse for germany , because england is n't exactly well known for it 's kindness and indulgence when invading other countries . 
  america can tell one or two things about that , too . 
  although i really do n't feel the need to explain myself `` as german '' ( you really like to point that out , do n't you ) , to you , one last comment on this : i 'm german by being a late repatriate ( had to look this one up ) immigrant . 
  neither me nor any member of my familiy had an active role in nazi germany whatsoever . 
  during ww2 my ancestors were n't even close to any war zones , let alone germany itself . 
  still i am glad ( not proud , big difference ) to live in germany and have my german nationality today . 
  i like this country , and i like the people . 
  i 'm a member of a german generation , that is quite aware and shocked of what has happened in nazi germany . 
  i do n't think there is a big difference between how other nationalities see ww2 and nazi germany and how my generation sees it . 
  ** the only real problem i have is when some nationalist prick wants to make me `` as german '' personally responisble for what has happened 80 years ago . 
  ** it that case my general response is and will always be `` go , fuck yourself '' . 
  i will not forget the past and i will fight anytime to never let this happen again . 
  but i refuse to take personal responsibility for it , just because i have a german passport . 
  you on the other hand seem to be someone still living in the glorious past ( you won , we lost , yeah i get it , here have a cookie ) . 
  you took u/xuth rather humorous comment and made a big fucking fuss out of it for no obvious reason other than being a righteous prick . 
  this bomb could have easily killed hundreds of people just like me that had nothing to do with the war . 
  we germans understand why the bombs are here , and we accept this historic fact . 
  frankly it 's no even a big deal if one is found . 
  more business as usual . 
  you know i 'm really glad to see there are also other people on your side of the canal like u/xuth which are starting to approach this topic in a fair and much more relaxed way . 
  this is a foundation the future can be built upon . 
  you , sir are a dying species , which is a good thing . 
   you disgust me good . 
  being a pain in the ass for someone like you just confirms my position . 
  edit : i refuse to discuss this with you any further . 
  you have made your point very clear . 
  feel free to reply , but for me this discussion with you is over . 
   it was never the aim or the effort of the british to destroy the german people it was . 
  get your facts straight . 
  that is exactly what happened . 
  that 's the nature of war . 
  it 's dirty , it 's nasty , it 's evil . 
  it brings out the worst of mankind . 
  concerning the destruction on the british side , i encourage you to read `` code yellowfin '' . 
  i can imagine umbama sitting in front of his tv somewhere in sheepshagshire surrounded by his british empire memorabilia waving little england flags , hoping this bomb blows up , so the evil germans get what they deserve . 
  sorry buddy , that 's a russian bomb . 
  no `` rule britannia '' for you today . 
  surprise interrogation !, 
  that 's classified information . 
  i will have to ask you to remain at your current position and expect further interrogation . 
  thank you for your cooperation . 
  too bad we are still affected if a neighbouring nuclear power plant blows up . 
  it 's not like we have some magic anti radiation shield . 
  technically i would exist anyway . 
  just with a different passport . 
  but whatever . 
  fuck you , too . 
   damn , that would 've been so much better . 
   source : i 'm greek . 
  it would be priceless to see you beg poland to bail out your indebted ass , while poland does n't give a flying fuck , because they are too busy driving on the autobahn with their brand-new shiny mercedes , bmws and audis . 
  regards , your friendly neigbourhood superhero, 
  you , sir , are a piece of shit . 
  ummm , yes . 
  yes , border controls . 
  we just love border controls , hence the anxious face . 
  [ germany is happy for you ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hehjgaz.gif ), 
  i know it 's polemic , but he could at least have made an effort to make a little sense . 
  maybe something like '' * austerity macht frei * '' ? 
  ... which just quoted a spanish economics professor in an article published by the spanish el pais . 
   `` economic lebesraum '' wtf ist that even supposed to mean ? 
  it looks like the author just took some random german words to sustantiate his weak nazi reference without even making sense . 
  boo for poor research . 
  if you are not a vegetarian and in southern germany ( black forest ) i strongly recommend [ zwiebelrostbraten ] ( http://blog.rezkonv.de/wp-content/uploads/2009/11/zwiebelrostbraten-bratkart.jpg ) .
