  but i 'm sure that will change , once russia crosses the line ( i.e. 
  attacks poland ) . 
  and if that is the case , i want germany to stand by their side . 
  but even now we could do much more by sending forces to the baltic states and eastern europe to perform `` scheduled military exercises '' . 
  preferably together with other nations . 
  fuck , i bet this would really catch russia off guard . 
  i am all for that . 
  the eu should really start to build a solid military force so we are able to deal with threats like this on our own ( or together with the us ) . 
  that was n't the point of what i was saying . 
  it could be 3 million and it 's still not the `` germans '' . 
  i as a german have a totally different view and i am all for a tougher line . 
  we should participate in military action . 
  send the bundeswehr . 
  what 's the point of having an expensive ( and highly skilled , by the way ) army if we do n't use it when it 's needed ? 
  something , something , mussolini . 
  let me just add this so your answer still makes sense : in my first post i said that stuff like that makes me wonder if we are still on the right side . 
  but i deleted that part , because it 's not really a question . 
  as a nato member and a western state it 's pretty clear on which side we are . 
  what 's with that anti-german propaganda , lately ? 
  3 people are against a tougher line on russia , and suddenly it 's the `` germans '' . 
  i 'm not wary of merkels tough line . 
  it 's not tough enough if you ask me . 
  i think we should kiss that post world war pacifistic hippie dream goodbye , and start to man up . 
  all good , mate . 
  at first i was a little surprised that you were talking about poland and not the ukraine . 
  seeing that / u/bahhumbugger responded to a polish person i admit it was me who lost the context here . 
  i was thinking more of what if russia invaded the ukraine . 
  so basically what would happen if the current situation would escalate . 
  would the us still attack russia ? 
  it 's a different situation because poland is a nato member and the ukraine is not . 
  by the way , if russia would attack poland , germany would also have to defend them . 
  ** edit ( after your edit ) : i know . 
  it was me who lost context in the previous conversation and was talking about the current crisis in the ukraine not about a hypothetical attack on poland . 
  interesting . 
  you are referring to the fulda gap a lot . 
  can you elaborate on that ? 
  what makes you think the us will attack russia , and why do you think that the situation in the ukraine is comparable to securing the fulda gap ? 
  correct . 
  the same country that conquered half of europe on their own and could only be stopped by the united forces of basically all other countries ( including and mainly russia ) . 
  so do you also have a useful answer to that question or are we having a trivia here ? 
  are you saying the us will attack russia ? 
  i think i 'll just stay with snorting dandelions . 
  as if the us would dare fighting russia . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  ** disclaimer : i was talking about the us attacking russia in the current crisis . 
  not about a hypothetical attack on poland , in which case the us and other nato members including germany naturally will have to attack russia . 
  [ there is still hope ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycfb2aklh4s ), 
  i fully agree . 
  well said . 
  hahaha . 
  well played . 
  * - doc , i 've got a sore throat , i need some . . * * - here 's your weed card . 
  * * - what ? 
  no i need some ... * * - sssh , just take it . 
  it 's ok , you can thank me later ... . . wink , wink . 
  that 'll be 20 dollars . 
  til . 
  thanks . 
   shit load in profits off it in vice taxes one would imagine that this right here should be enough to give any finance minister a massive revenue boner . 
  but i guess we will have to wait for the next generation of politicians to be a little more open minded than our current geezers . 
   recreational so what 's the definition of that as compared to `` purely medical use '' ? 
  do you still need some sort of medial certificate to buy weed ? 
  because this sound like they just do n't want to say it 's fully legal for anyone . 
   you can grow ( for personal use only ? ), 
  up to 5 plants per household that 's close enough for me to say it 's de facto legal . 
   i was kidding , it 's not a fun fact . 
  it 's stupid i agree . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  but for the record , despite of all this bureaucratic nonsense i still like the netherlands for not being total dicks about weed like my government . 
  only for medical use , no ? 
  that 's one thing that puzzles me anyways . 
  how are coffee shops supplied with weed , if it 's illegal to grow and to buy ? 
  and it 's only legal in the states for medical use , is n't it ? 
  i will have you know that casual marijuana use has been de facto legal in holland since 1976 . 
  and weed . 
  and hookers . 
  i fully agree . 
  and germany must now reconsider it 's relationship to the us and accept that they are just an occupation force and in no way a reliable ally . 
  we 'll have to , and will , act accordingly . 
  because we actually care about our privacy ? 
  but then again this might just result in the next `` fuck them '' stage , which at worst might lead to a complete change of direction of german foreign politics as a long term effect . 
  and this seems to be the major fear behind all this . 
  where are the good old days when you could be a backstabbing dick on your `` allies '' secretly ? 
  spying just is n't the same anymore after all these revelations . 
  damn you , snowden . 
   while the facility was n't officially scheduled to be completed until later this year , u.s. officials believe that germany has been training russian forces for years . 
   the training center , modeled after one used by the german bundeswehr , was to be `` the most advanced system of its kind worldwide . '' not exactly the country you would want to piss off , is n't it ? 
   while definitive proof is hard to come by , these officials look at the radical upgrade of moscow 's forces -- especially its special operations forces ohh , us `` officials '' talking out of their ass again . 
  something , something , iraq , weapons of mass destruction . 
  got it . 
   people are pissed yeah , when in doubt , blame the germans . 
  that really worked well in the past . 
   been ** caught ** spying ftfy, 
  when reading shit like this i really have to remind myself that you are probably just some angry weirdo with too much time and you surely do n't represent your entire nation . 
  get well soon . 
  although his success was blown out of proportion his record sales could really explode now . 
  oh , that 's what happend to new mexico ? 
  thanks , obama . 
  what ? 
  depends on the kind of game i would say .
