so just about everyone that is n't jewish or arabian does n't understand ... ? 
  so just all europeans in general just do n't understand the situation ? ... 
  i 'm fairly certain separating church and state does mean your religious opinion should have no effect on political things . 
  they 're separated for a reason , your religion is personal and your policies affect everyone . 
  kebab will never into europe . 
  where are these magical people living a peasants lifestyle ... ? 
  because i call some serious shenanigans . 
  straight out of the 50 's but instead of interracial marriage its with gay marriage . 
  it really does n't make any sense . 
  stupid notion ? 
  the u.s is more of a republic than a true democracy . . we vote for people to decide on the president and we vote people into political positions to decide on laws rather than vote for them directly . 
  odd since you really ca n't argue that we 're more of a democracy without just saying `` merica '' . 
  because we 're a republic more than a democracy . 
  if touching poland = 100 % nuclear war we live in world full of idiots . 
  it 's much more likely your comment is just bs luckily . 
  new candidate for the stupidest shit said on reddit , i 'd say you make the top 10 !, 
  last one added was the guy who said we should just kill all the russians and our problems would go away . 
  blame belgium for that one . 
  small/light/fast vehicles would be better . 
  they may be old but main battle tanks are still expensive as fuck to maintain/use . 
  ya prolly not . 
  hopefully some form of therapy . 
  welcome to the top 10 list for the stupidest posts on reddit !, 
  never a proper / r/europe post until someone calls russians barbarians . 
  downplaying the u.s.s.r 's role in ww2 just makes you look like an idiot . . 
  they 're not very good at protecting their followers are they ? 
  `` religious freedoms '', 
  islam is n't the issue , any radical religion would be a cancer for integration . 
  message/if one of them dies that your reason to get involved heavily . 
  disagree with op 's post of satire/propaganda - putinbot . 
  ya that makes sense, 
  they do n't seem to integrate very well , so they may as well not be european . 
  some interestin people on this sub-reddit . 
  so acting just like him is the perfect idea right ? 
  that will teach the bastard !, 
  because it 'd be nice to not start a world war . . ? 
  broke up does not equal blown up . 
  and there 's no giant canopy in ukraine , which i have to guess had a part in her living . 
  `` diplomacy is bullshit '' do ya wan na start a world war ? 
  because views like that start world wars . 
  down voted to hell , i think ya pissed off a few people . 
  small list , and a vast majority of those planes crashed . 
  there 's a difference between getting shot down/exploding 10km up and crash landing . 
  it 'd be real nice if that was true . 
  of course of it does , enjoy dream land . 
  `` hundreds of thousands '', 
  did you just pull some giant figure out of your ass or are you assuming they 'll pack planes to the brim filled with soldiers , paint targets on the planes under side and fly at a thousand feet over all of ukraine ? 
  because we clearly have some magic aa system that stops 100 % of icbms 100 % of the time . . ? 
  fair enough , as long as you 're consistent . 
  just a note that kind of logic makes the u.s responsible for a couple groups ... 
  it should n't in any way ... 
  the lusitania was carrying war supplies , and there was an officially declared war going on . 
  making yourself look bad ` ere op . . 
  the main point seems to be that its quite dumb that people disregard things from russian propaganda sites but a propaganda site run by the u.s is just fine for articles . 
  because there 's not going to be any nukes fired back . . ? 
  stupid post . . korea was far away from nato/u . s and its not like the countries involved sent their full strength ( excluding nk/sk ) . 
  the chinese counter attack was stopped as a note ... another note is its not like the soldiers would just continue to pour forward not caring about 50/60/70 % casualty figures , at some point they would refuse to fight for some piece of land they have little to no claim to . 
  we 're essentially english with some other cultures mixed in . 
  you do n't fuck with a fully equipped modern army unless you are a fully equipped modern army . . simple as that . 
  just a random note , iraq is a world away . 
  if you put iraq say , right next to the u.s occupation is suddenly infinitely easier / more effective . 
  thats the situation for partisans in the u.s. 
  without perfect leadership/coordination among partisan groups they 'd fail . 
  ____ another note a lot of people in iraq own guns , most of them are n't people we want to kill . 
  the military can just kill everyone , they just need to have a gun on them , and anything bigger than a pistol is n't to easy to hide, 
  you having a gun is n't gon na protect you any bit against the big bad government , and if you honestly think it does you 're an idiot . 
  it 's a stupid idea and if it ever game to that there would n't even be a fight there would just be people like you dieing in droves . 
  a people from the u.s are stupid joke is n't much of a comeback pally . 
  you do n't have a username , or a brain apparently . 
  if you 're anti-wehrmacht you have to be anti-all armies because there really is n't much they did that you ca n't find the other armies involved doing . 
  look at u.s soldiers on the pacific front . 
  there may be a small group that did do things much worse but they 're a very small minority . 
  again you say this like it has any real chance and is n't just random bs . 
  there was n't much to gain for japan by attacking russia when they still had other regions to invade . 
  oh you mean how the soviets beat 90 % of all german land forces in world war 2 ... 
  again just read the title . . and on your point russia has troops in the east to defend from japan just up until their counter attack on stalingrad , japan was n't going to invade russia anytime soon they had a lot more pressing concerns . 
  probably would be a bit harder than nearly unwinnable to beat a germany that did n't have deal with the soviets . 
  d-day + a few days would be rather difficult if there were sizable panzer forces to contend with . 
  to the defeat of germany . 
  so japan has nothing to do with it ? 
  kindly read . 
  if you honestly think there is even the slightest chance in hell of russia actually invading any nato/eu country you are n't thinking straight . 
  germany and france alone are enough to deter russia . 
  just saying it as a joke . . did n't need that obvious bit of information pointed out to me there pally . 
  good ports do n't magically appear . 
  japans not allowed to have a military , you guys scare everyone when you get a military !, 
  so does everyone just assume putin is a complete dip shit and is going to try to overrun europe or . . ? 
  where is this stupid shit coming from ? 
  because if they acted like they 're idiots like you want them to russia has an excuse to take whatever else it wants ? 
  russia is n't some backwards hell hole . 
  yes they 're backwards in some ways but they have a fully equipped modern military , no matter how you play it ukraine would lose and they would lose easily . 
  ` bout time russia that the cold war was never considered over by the u.s. we 're a tad bit paranoid :d, 
  vietnam/korea/iraq / afghan . 
  none had real declarations of war , its not needed !, 
  i 'm not talking specifically about crimea in my comment so you just being an idiot . 
  i 'm saying russia intervenes in a an area they think that they have a right to and they 're warmongering but whenever the u.s does it we 're the good guys . 
  neither side is the good guys , at all . 
  because we were totally allowed into iraq/afghan . 
  it just so happens both sides here ( russia/u . s ) are war-mongering fucks . 
  from the standpoint of the u.s we 've been acting like the cold war is still going on to this day . . so your comment is odd ?
