  u.s here and i 'd gladly get involved . 
  i 'd die stupidly but still . 
  they also were not large enough wars to destabilize anything . 
  its because the only people who want to secede are texans . . and well . 
  texas is an odd/crazy/scary place and they should not be allowed to be their own country . 
  everyone else getting crippled is a profit . 
  every else getting weakened is a profit is it not ? 
  along with selling weapons to the warring nations before getting involved . 
  europe was also crippled . . ? 
  essentially any country on par with the u.s was crippled up until ww2 and then that happened again . 
  population ends up fat closer at that point . 
  communist areas in europe kinda ruin that along with the u.s profiting from both world wars . 
  i would hope u.s gdp would be higher !, 
  the numbers for unemployment are a lot worse than they appear . 
  if you fuck around with statistics enough you can make anything seem to improve . 
  the kids got to see something rather cool/educational and the lions got fed ... where 's the issue ? 
  when you 're at roughly a standstill in a war you would n't make peace terms to harsh or harsh at all , but the u.s decides to come in and offer france/britain a few million new recruits . 
  the u.s allowed the allies to impose far harsher peace terms than would have been created without u.s involvement . 
  you 're wasting far to much time on unclesneakyfingers . 
  not worth arguing with an idiot . 
  battleships have been used quite commonly but not against other ships , thats the major change . 
  they 're worthless in a ship vs ship battle with the advent of the carrier/missiles . 
  they 're used against land targets though considering its a mobile gun platform . 
  just go away and do n't post here ... 
  i may be wrong here but i coulda swore that starcraft/warhammer thing was n't true , or at least was a joke pitch/idea . 
  also they 're right to be strict , warhammer is based on its lore , ya ca n't have a bunch of companies fucking around with warhammer with no supervision . 
  i 'd agree with dow really being the only good game to come out as well , space marine tried so hard not to be bad . 
  wait how are they dictators ? 
  games workshop has been letting everyone and their freaking mother try to make a warhammer game , they 've all been shitty . 
  ya no , we rebelled because we wanted to rebel . 
  there 's no real legitimate/good reason it . 
  other than ` murica of course . 
  `` we need to fire at them anyway , they fired at us earlier . '', 
  while saying yes is stupid that line makes it rather clear that they were going to fire anyway . 
  why waterloo ? 
  napoleon had already lost and was essentially returning for a one in a billion chance to keep control over france . 
  the church can handle the rest ... hahahahahaha, 
  kids ' atlas has got some odd ideas on who is in asia ... 
  he 'd be skeleton hitler by now . 
  ca n't have him teaming up with leoric . 
  this . 
  no matter what people say here the differences between say the u.s west/east coast is negligible compared to any two european nations . 
  granted a united europe would be cool . 
  did n't mean that in particular . 
  but yes it is odd to invite someone to go to church with you ... 
  i would have to guess the churches/people support the same thing . 
  there would n't be peer pressure from the community if most of them did n't support whatever . 
  that 's about how it goes , there 's reason the south has a stereotype for being religious crazies . 
  they have a bunch of em . 
  in his defense the oceans are gone by the time the emperor comes to power , so the continents are kinda reworked !, 
  holy shit eastern europe is fucking flat ... 
  kalingrad -  germany i do n't care if it does n't make sense . 
  its not an insurgency when everyone in the country you enter is against you . 
  then its just you invading them , and they 're certainly not going to wait in their village as you burn them down . 
  there we plenty of men , more than they probably needed . 
  piss poor leadership from a goal standpoint was a bigger issue . 
  without at least some support from the vietnamese we could not have just walked around destroying shit . 
  ya never know when they may wan na go kebab removing . 
  hate to say it but we dropped more bombs in south east asia than we did during ww2 , we lost in vietnam miserably . 
  iraq could 've been bombed into submission yes but that would be moronic when you 're there in an attempt to make it somewhat pro-u.s. 
  if numbers were the only thing that were important war would be much different than it is . 
  granted they are important . 
  like the ussr could have done much to stop the germans at that point anyhow . . ? 
  in politics you should be told how to behave/dress/what to talk about . 
  otherwise you get idiots spouting bullshit that has nothing to do with politics . 
  ie - half of american politicians . 
  i realize it would n't stop extremists but it does n't do anything bad , no reason not to do it !, 
  well at the least nothing bad can come out of fully dividing religion and politics . 
  it 's universally a good thing . 
  i 'm 100 % in favor . 
  sounds cool as fuck . 
  the third things the only one that would be needed , the first two would go over very poorly . 
  was a joke oh lord of math . 
  did i miss a post about it being 6000 ? 
  its a shame the u.s seems to be very good at instilling pacifism in countries . 
  go away . 
  horus heresy series is my favorite thus far but gaunt 's ghost 's was fantastic . 
  always nice to have some love the the ig !, 
  swedeish culture was shaped by war for quite a while too ? 
  and french ... and austrian ... 
  meant 40k , i think warhammer vanilla is roughly the same thing just fantasy/medieval . 
  warhammer  all other lore that has ever been or ever will be, 
  you 're down-voted about the death penalty stuff because its proven to do jack shit . 
  wait ukraine is n't comparable to kosovo ? 
  you can win a war without exterminating the other side, 
  i 'm sure they would have massacred half of anatolia ... 
  but if the only choice is to kill them all or remove them in some way your side is fucked up . 
  simple as that . . 
  so genocide or the other choice ... another form of genocide ? 
  yep sure guys you just `` deported '' them . 
  u.k says otherwise ^, 
  constantinople just sounds so much better than istanbul . 
  and we 're a former colony of what is now our closest ally , awkward is fine . 
  its not about direct lineage but just that they 're greek . 
  we have plenty of artillery ? 
  all i know is if i was greek i 'd be all for it . 
  you 've got some of the most bad-ass people to have every existed in your peoples past , give em some respect !, 
  the vast majority of it is n't on the front lines . 
  combat is left to the stud-muffins . 
  lots of people in this thread that really dislike ancestor worship/respect ?
