  the removal of liberty is the punishment . 
  rehabilitation should remain a viable option . 
  putting people in dehumanising conditions from which they 'll never fully recover is just a way to ignore them for a while , and it 's a liability when they are released . 
  probably punishment from god because someone still teaches evolution at schools . 
  is n't that exactly how facebook works ... ? 
  post shit , and your ` friends ' can see it ? 
  certainly not the first , but it will be the biggest . 
  i wonder how it will affect the water currents and wild-life when you suddenly connect two fjords that have been separate since the dawn of time ? 
   all profane language is illegal fuck ( - $ 50 ) , that shit ( - $ 50 ) is insane !, 
  i could n't bloody ( - $ 50 ) properly express myself without some fucking ( - $ 50 ) profanity once in a while . 
  no appeals to freedom of speech ? 
  no court cases on abuse of power ? 
  what ` bad things ' ? 
  genuine criticism , or idiotic insults ( which are fined here too ) ? 
  got sources for that ? 
  if anything i 'd expect the polish military to be rabid anti-russia . 
  sorry , that 's a rare thing on reddit . 
  arguing a centre position is often a karma death-sentence . 
  stranger things have happened . 
  best solution would be if an eastern european supermarket ( or distribution chain ) commits ( and proves ) they 'll sell only the same quality products , for competitive prices . 
  and then let the people decide . 
  as long we do n't * force * identical products everywhere . 
  french and dutch mayonaise differ for example , and with good reasons ( tastes * do * differ ) . 
  quality differences without corresponding price differences are ridiculous of course . 
  no argument there . 
  building on the right is an improvement . 
  the one on the left is fugly indeed . 
  authoritarian states only have illusions of stability . 
  any time the top-dog drops dead you risk societal collapse depending on how fast the next alpha can secure power . 
  why not sex ? 
  it would help with the birth rate too !, 
  are n't australia and new zealand european in all but geography ? 
  canada also qualifies due to their healthcare system . 
  we 'll build a bridge from greenland and proclaim it a continuous area from europe . 
  depends how much individuals who make up the state can personally profit from their position . 
  it needs to be capable of regulating/policing itself ( hence the separation of powers ) . 
  edit : and this particular corruption has nothing to do with the state owning anything . 
  this is about a criminal network having taken hold of russia and using it and its people as a front to the world . 
   it 's more of a decentralized mafia . 
  that 's actually pretty hopeful for the future . 
  when the local population/authorities/police are fed up with them they can effectively end it . 
  assuming the system in which the populace elects the politicians who regulate the police is n't being messed with . 
  not residential i assume ? 
  bikes are a nimble form of transport , in many cases they can weave through traffic without being a bother to anyone . 
  technically they are not allowed to do a lot of stuff , but depending on the situation a lot is tolerated . 
  * however * , what we may consider ` not bothering anyone ' might still be chaos for the uninitiated :p . did you hear those busses using their horn at those cyclists in an angry fashion ? 
  if not , it was ` regular behaviour ' . 
  scooters often are often driven by idiots though . 
  again , situation is everything . 
  driving a 1 ton mass of steel at 60 kph through a neighbourhood where unaware children might be playing is different from a busy intersection in a commercial district where everyone is supposedly alert , focused and aware of their surroundings . 
  wait what ? 
  are we now separating people based on the number of flag colours ? 
  depends on the traffic density and mixture . 
  there are plenty of backwater roads in the netherlands where i really could n't care less whether someone obeys the speed limit . 
  however , if people drive too fast or do n't obey the priority rules in a residential neighbourhood , they should be slapped with a big fine . 
   maybe i 'm just an asshole driver . 
  depends whether you can differentiate between ` not bothering anyone ' or ` being a threat to public safety ' . 
  sad actually . 
  i think its quite brilliant , a bit like the old monty python shows , though less subtle . 
  this kind of humour requires a bit of history knowledge & societal awareness . 
  it 's more complicated than slapstick fart jokes . 
  some people wo n't get it . 
  there is nothing self-hating about it . 
  it 's just ridicule of some fanatics who do n't understand concepts of species , race , and how they relate to society . 
  indeed !, 
  the number of but-hurt racial supremacist comments is a bit off-putting though . 
  it spoils the day . 
  which is why he does n't understand . 
  reading through this thread it appears op * is * a white supremacist . 
  mostly because they are actively * rebuilding * the parthenon . 
  not just maintaining the status quo . 
  looks like you need some pitchforks ? 
  did zagreb burn down ? 
   ^ ( i know it 's normal weather ), 
  something being all over the media and remembering it years later are very different things . 
  sure , but it for some it absolutely is n't . 
  culture and history is something we all share , interests like sports not . 
  can you expect all * true * brits to know who won wimbledon ? 
  should every * true * frenchmen know who won the tour de france ? 
   knowing we dutchies became european champions in ' 88 , or who cruijf , pieter van de hoogenband and irene w\u00fcst are . 
  cruijf was some footballer i know of because he died recently-ish , i think pieter is a swimmer ? 
  maybe ? 
  i would n't know who w\u00fcst is and would n't have guessed we ever won the european championship . 
  i hear that kind of news , i like hearing we won x or y , but i make absolutely no note or memory of it . 
  am i less of a dutchman now ? 
  in what ways would you say it is a shitshow ? 
  infrastructure ? 
  services ? 
  non-responsive/non-communicative authorities ? 
  lies the problem with local/regional/national strategy ? 
  in what ways are you reminded of any lack ? 
  i 'm just curious , i see so much potential in ee , yet there are very little local initiatives ( that i am aware of ) . 
  lovely vanity castle . 
  needs more towers though :p, 
  or just knowing the greenland and the faraeo/farao/fereao / whatever islands are part of denmark . 
  agreed , history and culture are relevant for integration , whether you follow sports is utter bullshit . 
  26/40 i got all the poet names and specific questions about medieval stuff wrong . 
  stuff like elections and which organisation is responsible for police/hospitals/salary negotiations can all be solved with a bit of logic and a touch of luck . 
  if i were living/integrating in denmark i 'm pretty sure i would have read enough danish history to get the history stuff correct . 
  i 'm sorry to say you should never visit the netherlands .
