  [ or filling them ? 
  ] ( https://www.dehippevegetarier.nl/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/quinoa-stuffed-peppers-with-feta-recipe-02-1080x675.jpg ), 
  blame the bad taste on the foreign recipe ? 
  i 'll remember that one , 
  you know them as paprika , and yes the netherlands produce a lot of them , 
  exactly , despite the problems of the ` group ' , you still need to see the individuals for what they do and try to accomplish . 
  it 's a good initiative , a good effort . 
  one of the first steps of the proverbial 1000 mile journey . 
  thank the lord for that !, 
  same for christian reformists , it still happened . 
  of course global media does change the game , group pressure ( active and passive ) against change is far larger than what could happen in a 16th century town or city . 
  we got this . 
  i do n't think it 's ugly , but it is very ... particular of the age . 
  it 's called lazarat : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lazarat they had to clean the place a second time in 2015 . 
  the day russia is more progressive than sweden . 
  it 's a bit of a mess , governments across the board ca n't agree how to deal with this . 
  exactly . 
  the solution is quite simple : partition the party area . 
  * change the non-party neighbourhoods to ` semi-enclosed ' areas ( every local can enter ) * turn the party area into a sort of disneyland with reinforced utilities . 
  resurface the road so it * looks * authentic , but is in reality something designed to be quickly ( daily ? ), 
  flushed clean with hoses or leaf-blowers . 
  * sponsor extra insulation for those who live near the party area, 
  not all divisions make sense ... 
  though a europe with more equal sized ( population & economy ) administrative regions would be interesting . 
  is n't that what he said ? 
  imagine if they would , how would it affect your life ? 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  maps like these are n't meant to convince anyone from either side , it 's just a statistic with high emotional value . 
  only useful for side a proclaim side b 's moral and social degeneracy , and vice versa . 
  i learned it in this thread too :p it has to do with the ` h ' being the 8th letter in the alphabet . 
  seeing that ' 88 ' is in some places a code for ` heil hitler ' , i 'd say this is worse . 
  used cars and life-stock auctions , common shops do n't even want those big bills . 
  in the netherlands , car dealerships , junkyards , and livestock-auctions still use a lot of cash . 
  never seen one though , biggest nomination i see in circulation is $ 50 . 
  oh , it did n't recognise it as croatian when i tried to reverse it . 
  bonus points for the director :p, 
   wish obama would 've just erdogan 'd and stayed in the white house for ever no . 
  fuck no , the shit-storm that would release ... 
  progress is rarely a smooth process . 
  it goes with stutters and flinches . 
  and yes , most of these maps are for ego-boost purposes , so people can rejoice or weep depending on which team they are or want to be . 
  why would you use 1 map when you can use 3 ? 
  now , do n't let countries like hungary get it done before austria or italy & slovenia , else my pretty borders compulsion will throw a fit . 
  they 're all playing minecraft together . 
   dismantle a check/balance/fail-safe part of democracy with a ` good excuse ' . 
  be surprised when shitty things happens which could have been stopped by said check/balance/fail-safe . 
  politics, 
   feels very much like a place where work gets done . 
  you believe it 'll rub off to the people who 'll work there ? 
  that 's recreational !, 
  we do that in our spare time . 
  seems like they want some unicorns too !, 
  auto-hdr , iphone ( like many others , but apply stuff in particular ) does n't tell you it re-balances the colours . 
  but , but , i thought labour was going for a soft brexit in the campaign ? 
   he is a politician  should be treated as such . 
  exactly , ridicule it is !, 
  ~ ~ true . ~ ~ ~ ~ what do they do anyway ? 
  it sounds ... suspicious , like a shadow administration , which is usually a bad thing :p ~ ~ done some reading . 
  we actually have , just not in a formalised structure . 
  the opposition does cooperate to form alternative proposals and pretty much anything the uk shadow cabinet does . 
   voting in line with an agreed position is pretty much the entire point of a political party . 
  a difference in political system , here parties are also intended as ` like-minded election group ' . 
  ` falling in line ' for a vote is wanted , but certainly not the entire point . 
  an fundamental difference like this would split a party here , though that 'll never happen in the uk due to the fptp district system, 
  critizise , fall out of favour , or sack , there are different degrees . 
  * especially * when its a vote for something that publicly campaigned for ( ` remain ' , which is now exposed as a lie ), 
  was n't him who said it , just an ` unnamed source ' . 
  lies , big lies , and political media manoeuvring for the juicy narrative . 
  yep , corbyn attempts to punish those who do n't vote like he wants them to . 
  the vote related to some brexit negotiation targets , and corbyn just proved his ` remain ' campaign during the elections was just a facade . 
  it has some hygiene advantages if you live in dry regions * and do n't have the opportunity to regular wash your dick * . 
  so back then it was a prudent thing to do . 
  since understanding of deceases was still a few millennia away some smart folk tied it to religion . 
  the hygiene argument is n't applicable anymore ( unless you do n't wash ) , which leaves us with a few rare cases of medical necessity , habits and religion . 
  +1 for hdr photo 's . 
  they do n't always work out , but this is very pretty . 
  a quick search gave me [ 7615 machines in 2013 ] ( http://www.volkskrant.nl/economie/aantal-bankkantoren-en-geldautomaten-flink-afgenomen~a3586711/ ) , with about 100 closures a year ( and rising ) . 
  so ~ 7000 sounds about right ( do note graph data is from 2015 ), 
  interesting how the netherlands ranks among countries that are 'em pty ' in comparison of population density . 
  are we so trusting of the digital money systems ? 
  or does the density simply allow us more efficient use of the machines we have ? 
  that can work for package drones , 
  it is the ethical problems that people call barbaric and horrific , the act itself is n't the issue ( and sometimes needed ) . 
  you do n't have a 2500 m runway in your backyard ? 
  money always works . 
  though i think you got that order reversed . 
  is n't it hotshot pilot  marines  mud-digging conscripts who do n't qualify for anything requiring the use of technology ? 
  when you are 16 or 18 , you can go cut pieces off yourself for religious or aesthetic reasons . 
  bloody piercings and tattoos are better regulated ( and the rules enforced ) than cutting baby dicks . 
  if you 're not going to enforce it , might as well scrap it ? 
  yea , the un acted late . 
  of course , the un is n't designed to take be pro-active . 
  it 's more a discussion forum with a clean-up and relief-effort crew . 
  after the croat/bosnian mess , nato politicians were motivated to act faster . 
  kosovo gave them the opportunity , though in retrospect we can say they misjudged . 
  in retrospect it, 
  i do n't understand it either . 
  the un peacekeeping missions to defuse the conflicts after the collapse of jugoslavia were fine ( certainly not perfect , but fine ) . 
  then somehow nato thought it could play world police , and arbitrarily declare what was right or wrong . 
  the serbs having been branded ` bad guys ' in the previous mess did n't help of course ( nor did their actions against civilians , but that was something * both * sides did ) .
