   join in demanding how such a catastrophe could happen in a first-world country , and seek immediate ways of averting another . 
  ok .  hard-left supporters of jeremy corbyn were spinning a narrative about the fire , blaming divisions of wealth , profiteering and ( inevitably ) ` tory cuts ' . 
  * facepalm *, 
  driving it with a caravan was a lot of fun , 
  no news is good news !, 
   the oblongs first time i heard of those , read the wiki , spot on . 
  i understand , you just need to work on your context a bit . 
  dumping a quote in someones face without intro to give it context does not look like you put much effort in the ` how ' you say something . 
  yes , but in doing so in this thread , in this situation , you give the impression you did n't question weather the results of this action would likely be in accordance with your motives . 
  if your motive is to encourage people to improve themselves ( and humanity as a whole ) , you might want to examine the results of sounding like a prick in your attempt to nudge people in the right direction . 
  ` hidden tax ' refers to that the costs and downsides of the decision only affect the poor . 
  it 's a ` taxbreak ' for the the rich in society because they will profit immensely if industry does n't have to filter or properly dispose of harmful materials . 
  a lot of industrial processes use/produce harmful materials . 
  the proces of filtering/cleaning/converting these into harmless materials is costly . 
  if companies do n't need to clean up their garbage they simply wont ( to increase profits ) . 
  there are relative few people who own a lot of companies , thus these profits will go to the rich . 
  i 'm now imagining all eu countries gifting all kinds of little patches of land to one another whenever the name means something funny . 
  it will be the lower and middle class that pay the price when pollution is n't regulated . 
  poisoned rivers , toxic air , toys with paint that 'll slowly kill your kids . 
  the rich wo n't be bothered by any it , they live elsewhere . 
  it is the ` lower ' 90 % of the population that 'll have to deal with the resulting health problems , reduced personal productivity and subsequent poverty . 
  it 's a slow process . 
  we 've gone from tribe , to city , to region to nation . 
  there is plenty of hurdles to tackle before we have anything resembling a widespread european identity . 
  '' humanity ' is a big step further . 
  in stead of criticising someone who is moving in the right direction , why not go after those who actively seek to divide ? 
  yes , the current situation is atrocious . 
  and klaver threw away his chance to ~ ~ fix it ~ ~ improve it . 
  there will never be a ` fix all ' within a few years , incremental progress is the only realistic way forward ( the sluggishness of governance is a moderator in both good and bad directions ) it is ** not ** what i would dream the world to be , but it is what what can be achieved * now * . 
   why france did n't take the all new hk433 instead of the old hk416 time . 
  these kind of deals take years , and the military wants to have plenty of time testing stuff . 
  this purchase has been in the works for years . 
  i was n't surprised their first round failed . 
  it was good for klaver to take a stand and play it hard so a dick as buma does n't roll over you . 
  the second round i really thought : ok , its gon na happen now , a government with some * real * environmental and other progressive policies , kept in check by vvd conservatism . 
  then klaver blows it away . 
  yea , goodbye gl . 
  completely irrational right ? 
  humane treatment , fair procedures , more money so the enormous backlog of delays can be dealt with , they got it all ... and still klaver chickened out , because he set impossible goals . 
   any scenario in which the immunity is semi-automatically waived for such ` minor ' violations can be exploited certainly not advocating dismantling diplomatic immunity . 
  the above quote is the only argument required to keep it . 
  i only wanted to express my ( and general ) frustration . 
  however , in some cases ad hoc treaties * can * be a solution . 
  for example between germany and the netherlands we could for example agree to default waive immunity for speeding tickets and such . 
  it 'll only work between very close nations . 
  before the [ vienna conference ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vienna_convention_on_diplomatic_relations ) diplomatic relations were ad hoc case-by-case deals . 
  this were often quite lob-sided arrangements where stronger nations could get away with all kinds of nastiness . 
  these strict provisions ensure a lot fairer international communications . 
  stuff like sealed diplomatic mail , the embassy being treated as the guest nations land , and the immunity ... 
  it 's all to ensure countries do n't go around manhandling the representative of the nations they have a beef with . 
  it goes both ways . 
  if we do n't respect these rules , we ca n't trust them to either . 
  rude as it may seem , compared to the shit-storm of other systems thus far tried , yes it is working . 
  some countries do not have the grace to waive immunity in cases like this . 
  germany/eu can sanction arabia , end treaties , etc. . 
  it 's politics , unfortunately . 
  damn groenlinks did n't accept the best damn deal they could realistically ever get . 
  partial immunity is a sliding slope . 
  all crimes can be set up or orchestrated . 
  hence a blanket immunity . 
  from the article it 's clear this was an accident . 
  expelling the entire delegation would be overkill . 
  it would certainly be the honourable thing to do for the saudi 's to waive this guys immunity , especially since the incident had nothing to do with his diplomatic function . 
  with the turkish thing there was clear intend to do damage . 
  so yea , i would have expected those guys to get kicked out ( in diplomatic words : cut the visit short , then ` ask ' them to leave ), 
  they will , destruction of property is bad . 
  and i 'm ok with that , the rule of law and such . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right , especially when you are attempting to keep the moral high ground . 
  request the saudi 's to waive the immunity . 
  if denied we can only expel him :( it 's a frustrating downside of diplomatic immunity . 
  traffic violations by diplomats are a problem in nl too . 
  parking tickets , speeding , red lights ... 
  it 's only a matter of time for it to cost lives . 
  i would n't know a functional solution either , any scenario in which the immunity is semi-automatically waived for such ` minor ' violations can be exploited if the host nation fancies to play dirty . 
  or we get rid of the current system based on the [ vienna convention ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vienna_convention_on_diplomatic_relations ) , and go back to ad hoc diplomatic treaties , which is a whole other can of worms . 
  ` the internet ' can mean anything . 
  it 's kinda a big place . 
  i would n't blame anyone in russia for trusting ` internet ' more than ` putin & friends ' . 
  that actually goes for all countries . 
  greece this , germany that , russia so ... we should n't use nationality as a sports team , but we do . 
  so as long people re-elect bad people they 'll never get tried ? 
  that 's why i said it 's a balance act . 
  lift immunity too easily and you get that russian example . 
  be too protective of the immunity and you 're stuck with some people who can do a lot of damage . 
  so crimes should go unpunished once you manged to get yourself elected ? 
  i do understand your sentiment , but there must be a way to hold these people accountable other than just elections . 
  it 's a tricky balance act . 
  i think it would have been better to do this after the elections ( to reduce the suspicion of trying to influence the election ), 
  do greeks change their behaviour when abroad , or are they different people ? 
  they used to have more in the early 1800 's, 
  because it requires digging up the past and facing your demons . 
  it 's a mental form of ` cover your ears and sing * lalalalala * ', 
  that 's where news media and education come in . 
  people do n't value things they do n't understand well . 
  the unseen difference on this map : benelux is ~ 80 % usable land with ` cheap ' infrastructure ( roads ) greece is ~ 80 % rocks in steep formations ( ` mountains ' they are called , i believe ) , or random little islands . 
  both require relative complex infrastructure to connect the usable pieces of land to the world . 
  pretty much . 
  prosperity breeds complacency . 
  not your tovarishch , \u0434\u0440\u0443\u0436\u0438\u0449\u0435, 
  combo breaker :( downvoted,
