  ` the forest kingdom ' makes it sound like it is some kind of fantasy elfen kingdom . 
  which is imho much better than something boring as a ` royal forest ' :d . 
  not a sensitive topic at all where i live ( rural east nl ) . 
  i always heard flemish people were kinda dutch-purist due to the competition with french . 
  do n't be offended forbmy sake . 
  i prefer my education in english , since it allows me to link up with anyone else on earth . 
  i have regular contact with a professor in milano , in english . 
  i would never have found his research if he had n't written it in english . 
  i would never be able to communicate with him without a scientific ` lingua franca ' . 
  and nobody would ever read my work if do n't write it in english . 
  nor would you be able to read this comment ... 
  curious , the crown estate owns lots of beaches , and half of the river trent . 
  the western half , split down the middle :p, 
   who owns england  shows picture including scotland and wales a ~ ~ minefield ~ ~ thread with economic , social-classes , republican , * and * regio-nationalistic triggers !, 
  popcorn anyone ? 
  they are not allowed . 
  post ww2 the soviets allowed austrian unification and independence ( west of the iron curtain ) on condition of them staying neutral . 
  so no nato or anschluss v2 . 
  of course plenty of treaties have since been broken , so its pretty much just autrian policy to ` stay neutral ' . 
  eu military cooperation and their nato partnership do indicate on which ` side ' they are though . 
  been there in 2003 , one of the most beautiful places in europe . 
  that 's a funny way to spell ` clickbait ' . 
  i do n't . 
  my comment was n't ment as dismissive , i apologise . 
  please educate me . 
  i do presume he will be drawn and quartered ? 
  predictability and reliability are worthwhile on their own , 
  it is a common problem in all western democracies . 
  relative wealth and stability breeds certain forms of complacency , and dare i say : laziness . 
  people fall back to ` tribal ' politics , ` us ' versus ` them ' . 
  actual arguments and in-depth discussion are overwhelmed by gut feelings and media exploiting tricks in human perception . 
  you mean scare-politics ? 
  ( `` beware the ~ ~ soviets ~ ~ russians ! '' ) ? 
  i do n't see any nato troops bombing member states . 
  well ... not everything ... having some pre-cooked answers to a lots of unanswerable existential questions , plus some punishment/reward scheme with moral guidelines , can be a great help to keep a pre-rational civilisation ` on track ' . 
  the monotheistic ones are generally more hierarchical , thus less accepting of dissent ( the usual power-politics game . 
  it 's often easier to forcibly silence opponents than convince them to your side of the argument ) . 
  these millennia long lasting after-effects usually boil down to power and social control . 
  essentially , you can extend your complaints to government structures as well . 
  those are vulnerable to the same power-play weaknesses , they just have less moral dogma to base their arguments on . 
  religion , power-politics and social/behavioural fears . 
  modern greece = / = ancient greece ? 
  orthodox traditions , and relative isolation from western cultural shifts during the 18th and 19th century ( ottoman rule ) might have had some influence . 
  should n't have deleted the comment , it was a funny error  just use some ~ ~ strikethrough ~ ~ and ad an edit with ` hooray , 72 years of freedom ' . 
  of course also claim to be from [ some island which was liberated a bit later ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/georgian_uprising_on_texel ) , and you 'll drown in up-votes . 
  your honesty speaks well of you , but if you want to thrive in / r/europe you need more practice with flexible reasoning and some better interwebz-google-wiki-fu . 
  i 'd say erdogan is worse , simply because he holds power . 
  no , its not . 
  and it should n't be . 
  having a very wide strategic defensive pact to is a good way to deter external forces from breaking european peace one country at the time . 
  what we * should n't * do is abusing nato for external power projection . 
  nato is threatening itself by going on all kinds of badly motivated and destructive interventions . 
  it leads to people ( members and outsiders ) disliking nato . 
  nato should stick to its core of a defence pact . 
  interventions and the like are a task for political entities ( or coalitions there-of ) . 
  today ... ? 
  it was the 5th of may yesterday ... [ on the julian calendar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/julian_calendar ) . 
  the rest of the country did transition to the gregorian calendar , its the 19th now :p, 
  only if your neighbour does n't try to force his intolerance on you . 
  the ear-deafening *** whoosh *** sounds are overwhelming evidence in your favour . 
  troll on , my friend :d, 
  you really should have added a ' / s ' to that comment . 
  i meant it figurative , not literal . 
  danes and dutch have a lot in common with culture , mentality , economy etc. 
  i expect the sgp ( ultraconservative christians ) to attempt a coalition government with groenlinks ( green-left , go figure ) before anyone tries talking to the pvv . 
  living in the netherworld ... * que ominous laughter *, 
  dutch and danish are the same people , accidentally separated through history . 
  some call it bike theft . 
  others call it an anarchist bike sharing program !, 
  while i thank you for the compliment , i feel that 1 out of 17 million is bit lacking to judge a country . 
   so , having established an agreement that decades of government is neither good or bad , i now propose an agreement that specific short term happenings can be judged good or bad . 
  for example : building roads/houses -  good , killing/banishing political dissidents -  bad, 
  obligatory brexit reference : there is a limit of 2 years ... 
  can we just agree that something as complex as decades of government ca n't be simply labeled in binairy good or bad ? 
  pretty impossible comparison . 
  which is worse ? 
  a few years of nazi efficient extermination artrocities versus decades of oppression and more covert artrocities by the soviets ? 
  of course , the latter one leaves more memories . 
  no , that figure came from sensationalist media . 
  the eu does have a claim on any funds for eu projects that the uk promised to contribute . 
  depending on the project , if the uk promised # x/year , that commitment will end the day of brexit . 
  if however the uk promised to contribute a lump sum # y to said project , you still pay some/all of that . 
  even if you decided not to participate anymore . 
  this last scenario is subject to negotiation , and i do hope reason and cooperation will prevail . 
  which is a shame , since he did make a valuable contribution to the discussion . 
  i agree with the sentiment though , he completely undermines the argument by messing up the delivery . 
  it was my understanding that macron is also eurosceptic . 
  not ` anti-eu ' , but certainly ` different-eu-is-needed ' ( thus , a skeptic , not an opponent ) . 
  a decentralised government means that countries-provinces-districts-towns have more power relative to the union . 
  not literally distributing the various parts of government across vast distances , since that only results in slower and more inefficient decision-making . 
  i think we fully agree , i made rather broad generalisations which are certainly not applicable to every situation . 
  i simply wanted to stress the difficulties ( and political-minefield-ness ) when forming policy to ensure ` more exposure to positive examples of assimilation ' . 
  [ trigger warning , non-politically correct phrasing with strong historic sentiment to underline the pitfalls when talking about any such policy ] for the 're - settlement ' suggestion , and most of my comment , i had indeed the london and paris islamic ` ghetto 's ' in mind . 
  edit : a word, 
  to 're - educate ' such groups is near impossible if they stick together . 
  many adults are already set in their opinion . 
  so you would need to break up any conglomeration to prevent ` mono-cultural-districts ' . 
  they need to be convinced to part with their homes and friends ... offer them work/housing elsewhere in the country ? 
  how will you convince the rest of the populace to welcome/accept them ? 
  ( they have their own pre-prejudices and live comfortably in their own mono-cultural districts ) it will be a cultural war in which you must somehow * force * people to be exposed to your desired culture for many years .
