  it 's mostly political , the eu needs to get its act together , and the political drama-soap of the past year has proven the usa to not be the ` beacon of stability we all would like it to be ' . 
  a more cheaper general-purpose craft ( compared to the f35 ) ? 
  and some european drone craft ( anything from expendable local reconnaissance drones to medium-long range ~ ~ gps ~ ~ galileo strikers ) . 
  we can use the independence from the usa . 
   montesquieu 's confederate republic while some of the terminology concerning the ` nature ' of republics and monarchies is somewhat archaic and inapplicable to modern states , i do agree with general gist . 
  tricky part is that the eu is n't a union of equals , some parties have significantly more influence , and widely different priorities . 
  the left-side fortifications are newer , those pointed battlements are meant to deflect cannon balls . 
  beautiful location for theater , 
  i meant ww2 traumas from * other * countries , which causes any german-pushed policy to be resisted internationally . 
  did you know / s stands for sarcasm ? 
   as long as russia has oil * as long there is a high demand for oil * ftfy yea , i know this problem is n't relevant at all on the world stage , but it 's the mentality . 
  giving no fuck about anyone else is a sure way for people to not give a fuck about you . 
  and the people will suffer from these ` games ' . 
  if he 's qualified , yes . 
  in engineering , sales , marketing , tourism and finance english-only is not a problem . 
  english proficiency is considered a plus , though some basic dutch will be expected . 
  motivation and intend to learn is also expected ( would n't want to be though of as aloof ) though nobody will blame you if you sometimes have to fall back on english for technical phrases . 
  a bit too little differentiation , how can we tell the difference between the netherlands and croatia without the pineapple thingy ? 
  and how is that fortunate ? 
  if russia does n't ` play ball ' in international politics and justice , they will be even further marginalised . 
  even if the current russian government * is n't * the bogeyman some make it seem , the current course is incredible destructive for russia 's economy and civil well-being ( which again , feeds the confrontationalist demagogues on both sides ), 
  i ca n't find anything in there about any propaganda law ... ? 
  my understanding is that the university , under pressure from some parliament members , decided not to distribute that book , a decision which is rightfully challenged by the author . 
  there seems to be an issue of lack of academic independence , some conservative parliament members overstepping their bounds , and most worrying : lower court judges that did n't even bother to read the book themselves . 
  plenty of troubles , but i ca n't find any anti-homo propaganda law . 
  look at these morally corrupt expansionist american lapdogs trying to tell us how to protect our children . 
  / s the echr seems to be losing popularity east and west :(, 
  as long as brexit was a plausible threat during the negotiations for an alternative deal ( even better than their current rebate ) they * had * the upper hand . 
  after the referendum and art . 
  50 , not so much . 
  maybe a little counsel of 2 uk , 2 eu and 1 person from a 3rd party to judge arbitrary case-by-case , with some financial incentive for both parties to write down ` amendment ' patches to the treaty ? 
  surely at some point people will question the media narrative when it continues to disagree with reality ... ? 
  ^ ( oh who am i kidding ... ), 
  if you move to any of the larger cities in the netherlands , you 'll be fine with english  . 
  our ease to communicate in english might limit your chances to practice dutch though . 
  be frank and tell your conversation partners of your intend to learn dutch !, 
  ( they 'll laugh at first , but eventually take you serious and will gladly help you ) . 
  the nature of war was different though . 
  it was a part of the political ` quick-select ' tools . 
  conflicts did n't have the devastating socio-economic fallout of post ~ 1800 conflict . 
  nope , we 're not a confederation , nor a federation ... we are something in between . 
  though i hope we will move to a more confederate model , with very clear defined methods and time-tables for a nation to ascent or decent on the integration-ladder . 
  france choose for pragmatism with macron ( at least that 's how it was sold ) . 
  germany is reluctant to take any pro-active leading role , with good reason . 
  ww2 traumas are still around , any policy which germany ` pushes ' will be resisted by many ( regardless of contents ) . 
  they are however open to change . 
  it is time the whole of europe figures out where we want the responsibilities of local-provincial-national-eu governments to be . 
  we now have the political willpower to actually implement it . 
  in what hell-hole do you live that abuses in the medical field are n't investigated ? 
  sure , some things slip through the cracks , but whenever they come to light there is a huge uproar . 
  especially something as controversial as circumcision will be closely watched . 
  if certain doctors would continue to perform them without medical cause ( which the medical committees can determine ) they 'll get caught . 
  if it is abused , then the medical oversight committee ( or whatever authority checks medical practitioners ) has something to investigate . 
  maybe some licences to retract ? 
  maybe some parents to investigate by child-protection services ( attempted mutilation without consent, 
  then you have a medical reason , so there is no problem to perform the operation . 
  inevitable ? 
  maybe , but it wo n't ( and should n't ) happen anytime soon . 
  lets continue with closer and closer cooperation in r&d and local mergers of military 's ( benelux , croatia/slovania , tjech/slovakia , romania/bulgaria , portugal/spain ) . 
  and slowly build our way up . 
  that way we can make it a reality before it is a formality . 
  we sjoud also fiks the spelling !, 
  if enuf peepel use it , it wil bekom aksepted !, 
   for example , in year 1 that useless letter `` c '' would be dropped to be replased either by `` k '' or `` s '' , and likewise `` x '' would no longer be part of the alphabet . 
   the only kase in which `` c '' would be retained would be the `` ch '' formation , which will be dealt with later . 
   year 2 might reform `` w '' spelling , so that `` which '' and `` one '' would take the same konsonant , wile year 3 might well abolish `` y '' replasing it with `` i '' and iear 4 might fiks the `` g/j '' anomali wonse and for all . 
   jenerally , then , the improvement would kontinue iear bai iear with iear 5 doing awai with useless double konsonants , and iears 6-12 or so modifaiing vowlz and the rimeining voist and unvoist konsonants . 
   bai iear 15 or sou , it wud fainali bi posibl tu meik ius ov thi ridandant letez `` c '' , `` y '' and `` x '' -- bai now jast a memori in the maindz ov ould doderez -- tu riplais `` ch '' , `` sh '' , and `` th '' rispektivli . 
   fainali , xen , aafte sam 20 iers ov orxogrefkl riform , wi wud hev a lojikl , kohirnt speling in ius xrewawt xe ingliy-spiking werld . 
  ~ m.j. 
  yilz, 
  thats why the dutch absorbed the belgian navy . 
  we design and build the ships , and we let the belgians pay for a few to call their own ( but still operate under 1 command ), 
  there is no age limit for it to be performed . 
  and why would these underage teenagers want to cut off a perfectly functional piece of their body ? 
  if it is for aesthetic reasons , the same rules as for other permanent alterations ( such as tattoos ) should apply . 
  a minimum age of 15/16 with permission from the parents , or something 18 + . 
  kinda logical . 
  before we can talk about our future relation , we need to know how you intend to leave . 
  will it be a polite separation where we split the bill according to the promises we made , or will you run out the door , and leave your former housemates to pay the unpaid bills ? 
  they once drove on the left , and despite a vote to keep it that way they changed over to the right . 
  good genetic stock  kn\u00e4ckebr\u00f6d, 
  istria rightful italian soil ? 
  same goes for some balkan countries and for turkey . 
  if you ca n't accept and learn from the past , you are doomed to repeat it . 
    do you believe that they would come and fight for you ? 
   yes , i do . 
  we will . 
  to paris !, 
  and home before christmas !, 
  was n't me , hardly touched the brakes  . 
  but i understand the sentiment , i have little love for my caravan dragging countrymen on mountainous roads . 
  fun part earlier in the same holiday , after a rather long decent ( just < 5 % or so , over a few dozen km ) we took a break . 
  while browsing the camping guide we noticed an * awful * screaching sound . 
  nails across a blackboard , metal on metal , and it became loud . 
  another dutch car with caravan pulls in the parking lot , smoke from all wheels , and sparks when they attempt to stop ( and continue rolling way to far ) . 
  their brakes were gone , completely . 
  idiots . 
   simply not interested in playing that game unfortunately participation is n't optional , it is intrinsically linked to politics and economics . 
  if you want your voice to count on certain nasty issues , you need some muscle .
