use a custom rom like ~ ~ cm ~ ~ lineage os , omni , resurrectionremix or one of many others . 
  you 'll be able to toggle all permissions . 
  beautiful sight . 
  i love that it captures the aurora borealis as well . 
  home is where the swamp ~ ~ is ~ ~ was !, 
  in that case the fault lies with the politics ( and the ability of lobbyists to influence them ) . 
  it is ver normal and useful policy to discourage/encourage certain behaviour by increasing or decreasing tax . 
  example : people ` avoid taxes ' by making use of electric vehicles . 
  usually there is some combination of less sales tax/road tax , and they do n't have to pay the taxes on fossil fuels . 
  evasion : not paying tax you have to pay avoiding : changing behaviour to use methods/materials which are taxed less, 
  you have a very thankless job explaining the same thing a dozen times over . 
  i fear people will just go with their gut feeling and think ` this guy defends people who pay less tax ' --  downvote . 
  a promise to help each other is n't a framework for effective cooperation . 
  we still need a common platform for communication and cooperation such as nato provides . 
  since one can argue nato is too much a tool of the usa , europe should have its own military framework . 
  of course , it 's a ` newly liberated russian republic ' that for soms reason lost its influx of ukrainian tourists . 
  besides , there is no fighting ( that i know of ) going on there . 
  very useful and common in the netherlands . 
  i 'm not sure if it 'll work out in places with more elevation differences though . 
  maybe with an e-bike support motor ? 
  typical unbridled capitalist asshole . 
  we got all kinds of people , just like you . 
  the worst ones do tend to migrate to places where they can get away with more shit , unfortunately . 
  citizens , yes . 
  direct elections , hell no , that way you get unqualified populists . 
  to be fair , most people complain about the nation-breaking . 
  nation-building did n't seem to be a priority for quite a while . 
  still does n't, 
  and create a new one within the minute the first shot is fired . 
  choices , choices ... 
  this guy not being an elected politician might have something to do with it though . 
  ourselves maybe ? 
  we have been fighting one another since time immemorial . 
  getting stuff into orbit is more about lateral ( sideways ) speed than just going up . 
  launching from the equator ( or as close as you can get ) gives the rocket a significant advantage due to the rotation of the planet . 
  they will if there are no qualified people left . 
   until atheists start deciding to have 3 + kids each , secularism is evolutionarily doomed . 
  that 's not how secularism or evolution works ... 
  this is a distinction based on opinion , and opinions change all the time . 
  only if the container is above a certain arbitrary size !, 
  i 'm just happy the crazies have n't started mixing cleaning products yet . 
  mix certain product x with product y and you get some nasty toxic fumes . 
  in that case i have to problem with it . 
  though a german friend of mine said * everyone * payed it , and he had to join some kind of organisation that was a ` church ' in name only in order to get his money back . 
  no , of course not , this is about separation between public and private matters . 
  the state should n't have anything to do with funding religious stuff , that is for the religious congregation to organise for themselves . 
  if i were to live in such a country i would still have to pay , but i 'd try everything to change such a medieval policy . 
  taxing churches is ok , this is about taxing people , * all people * to * pay * the churches . 
  good , that is general infrastructure . 
  more transport by bikes = less cars and traffic congestion . 
  while i can agree with the occasional government grant to for example renovate some historical church building , i fail to see the benefit of forcing everyone to pay for the spiritual pursuits of a few . 
  [ found it !, 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/5muqgs/how_badly_outnumbered_by_windmills_would_don/dc6yrqm/ ) it is indeed an efficiency thing . 
  iberian mills never deviated from the medieval design , whereas the dutch mills were used for far more purposes , and there was a large incentive to keep improving them up into the 20th century . 
  thanks !, 
  that was quit enlightening !, 
  i thought the grungy look was just horrible compression artefacts though . 
  what have clinics to do with churches ? 
  healthcare is needed for all , expected or unexpected . 
  religion is something personal , is n't a religious community supposed to pay for its own religious buildings ? 
  in your opinion , would that make those other manufacturers saner , or simply less visionary ? 
  i 'm genuine curious , to my ( amateur ) eye the halo 's nicely complement the view looking up towards the sun . 
  the lens flare might be a bit too much though . 
  and how is the contrast too high ? 
  i see no parts too dark or too light , everything is normalised as one would see it . 
  if anything the contrast should be * higher * because i doubt you would be able to distinguish the bottom of a chopper or the face of your rescuer when looking into the sunlight . 
  please educate me . 
  where does one draw the line between ships and boats ? 
  thats * beer * ??? 
  i though it was some cola-derivative . 
  which is even dumber tbh , so you have to pay tax for something you have nothing to do with ? 
  if all atheists honestly say what they are ( unless they have to fear prosecution ) , you have a lot better argument to not pay some national church tax . 
  let churches get their money from their members . 
  ah yes , limited data bias , my bad . 
  having a ` humane ' prison wo n't help everyone , but having an inhumane one will damage all inmates , including those who are willing to turn their life around . 
  the effort will be wasted on some , too bad . 
  it 'll be a net plus for society when the ` good ones ' do n't get dragged down further . 
   maybe poland is not lost yet . 
  as long you are in the clutches of the eu , we wo n't let you go !, 
  for better or worse !, 
  maybe because talking about reforms of the sc procedures is n't nearly as bad as actually almost passing legislation that would effectively remove the separation of powers ? 
  the reform of the selection procedure itself did n't look that bad , it was the ability for the ruling party to change the * entire * sc that was the problem . 
  ~ ~ not really , it 's pretty well applied hdr , exactly what it was developed for . ~ ~ my eyes have been opened to the truth . 
  i see , wildlife probably wo n't be any different between those fjords ( unlike some channels we dug between different river systems ) . 
  thanks for the informative slideshow !, 
  we have a little piece of the ardennes in our most southern tip . 
  have a look : [ relief map netherlands ] ( http://www.vividmaps.com/2017/02/very-detailed-relief-map-of-netherlands.html ) . 
  be aware that the colour scale is a bit misleading , lower increaments are only 0.5 or 1 m , everything yellow/orange is below 100 m , after that the scale jumps with 25 and 50 m increases . 
  it 's a bit misleading , coastal romania and southern ukraine are pretty flat too . 
  norway ~ ~ and sweden are ~ ~ is very mountainous , just not as tall . 
  driving through norway is imo more adventurous than through ( west ) austria or switserland . 
  the alps have rather wide valleys , many which run in parallel , through which most roads go . 
  norwegian fjords on the other hand are far more random in their topography , forcing you to climb and decent a lot more . 
  what is the function of those mills ? 
  if they are to mill grains or olives , why are n't they built higher with a cart accessible passageway for easier loading and unloading ? 
  or are they to pump irrigation water around ? 
  i do n't think having this guy sharing your nationality is something to be proud of . 
  this was purely for profit hacking , nothing noble or activist about it . 
  his points on the us prison system are fair though . 
  very few people would ever deserve such treatment .
