  either way , i do n't think rewarding unwanted people with free food , shelter , and time to enjoy other modern comforts is a good idea . 
   smallpox does not exist anymore outside of few research labs and encapsulated specimens in unexpected locations , such as [ storage rooms ] ( https://www.theregister.co.uk/2014/07/09/dead_letter_office_ancient_smallpox_sample_turns_up_in_old_us_lab/ ) or [ permafrost ] ( https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/as-earth-warms-the-diseases-that-may-lie-within-permafrost-become-a-bigger-worry/ ) . 
   the government 's reaction was swift . 
  martial law ; cordons sanitaires of villages and neighbourhoods , roadblocks , prohibition of public meetings , closure of borders and prohibition of non-essential travel . 
  hotels requisitioned for quarantines in which 10,000 people were held under guard by the army . 
  damn . 
   within two weeks , almost the entire population had been re-vaccinated . 
  at least * some * people did n't underestimate the threat of smallpox . 
  and it worked !, 
  20 mio for half a hectare and he refuses ? 
  what 's up with that land ? 
  are his ancestors buried there ? 
  are there ruins of an ancient native luxembourgian fortress ? 
  was it the place of his first kiss ? 
  what in his mind can possibly justify that choice ? 
  rabid anti-big-business sentiment ? 
  time to hire some other uneducated people in need of a job ... how did that wage disparity came to exist anyway ? 
  have teacher/nurse jobs been underpaid for a long time ? 
  or were the garbage collection companies in some sort of semi-monopolistic position which allowed them to drive up their wages ? 
  in front of colleagues or your boss :p ? 
  try googling it for a more objective interpretation !, 
  given the general tendency of european prisons to aim at rehabilitation in western society , serving their sentences migh actually encourage more crime . 
  1 . commit crime in europe 2 . get comfy prison sentence 3 . learn language and stuff in prison 4 . claim you are ` too integrated in western society ' to be able to return, 
   that 's no punishment prison is n't really intended as punishment . 
  it 's safe-keeping , protection of the rest of society , and aimed at rehabilitation . 
  since they are not to be accepted in our society deportation is a perfectly fine punishment . 
  julian calendar ? 
  gregorian was introduced in 1500-something . 
  they spend decades being controlled by a large union before . 
  not that strange the nationalist elements are cautious about integration into another . 
  more reasons for the eu to keep its priorities straight , and proof itself to be about beneficial cooperation , and not top-down domination . 
   push for schengen accession of ro and bg fine by me , i want to drive to greece without border checks !, 
  i guess any eu military integration will be a low priority due to your ruling party split ? 
  edit : i had another little half-related rant here too , but this is n't the time or place for that . 
   do n't completely get the appeal that lago maggiore seems to have neither to many of us . 
  i think it simply has to do with it being the ` closest piece of italy with water ' . 
  it has humid heat due to the alps , and way too much mosquito 's for my taste . 
  bloody annoying somebody needs a regional election win to be eligible for a national position . 
   moral principles are universal , since they 're part of the natural law i envy your absolute certainty . 
  so , croatia is withholding a passage to international waters for slovenia out of care and protection , so that their dear brothers do n't get carried away ? 
  lem me guess , that is to prevent insurrectionists for pushing for ansluss ? 
  a ` safety measure ' built in by the allies post ww2 ? 
   really doubtful that giving most of the property in the hands of state and banks made anything better when did i ever said that would be a good idea ? 
  giving property to the state is a fast track for totalitarianism . 
  we were discussing the morality of violence , and weather you can judge actions of people raised in completely different times under different social norms by today 's lofty standards . 
  mockery does n't change the reality that some changes in society would never have happened if there had n't been people willing to risk their lives for it . 
   we do n't kill innocent people , we do n't enslave free people , we do n't take away others ' property and so on that was what the pre-revolutionary aristocrats did , by their ` god given rights ' that was what the industrialists did , because they had the money and influence . 
  some of that ` savagery ' ( violent revolution ) was needed because asking nicely does n't work in quite a few real world scenarios . 
  else we would still be serfs , little more than property of your local lord . 
  genocide is n't justifiable though , i think everyone agrees on that . 
  improved insights ? 
  yesterdays solution is n't necessarily today 's solution, 
  is that possible ? 
  why is n't that happening on a daily basis ? 
  it 's more likely for the netherlands to apply to join the bundesrepublik :p, 
  new atlantic wall ? 
  generalising much ? 
  i 'm not forgetting the price . 
  but applying current morals and solutions to pre-industrial problems and social hierarchy is useless . 
  the 19th century was a wild zoo in which many new systems of economics and government were developed . 
  constitutional monarchies and republics rose in response to the french revolution , some by inspiration , others by existing powers who were smart enough to step aside before loosing their heads . 
  nationalism had its positive sides by uniting previously far more tribal city state identities or personal loyalties . 
  loyalty to a nation was a relative new concept ( versus loyalty to persons ) . 
  the failure of some existing power structures allowed totalitarianism to ride on nationalism to form fascism ( simplified ) . 
  communism was a response to the unrestrained capitalism of industrial ` aristocracy ' who abused the lack of worker protections for profit , many labourers in the late 19th century were little more than serfs ( this was much more of an issue in europe than in america ) . 
  both anti-capitalist sentiments ( with good motivations ) and nationalistic sentiments were abused by populists ( with bad motivations ) to gain power . 
  murder you mean ? 
  ( go look up the definition of genocide ) also , different times , different systems . 
  some changes ca n't happen without violence . 
  asking a king ` chosen by god ' ( and the many aristocrats who had zero interest in changing the status quo ) to stop being such incompetent dicks was not going to work . 
  i 'm very sorry for the many innocents who were caught in the mess . 
  revolutions can be messy , and bad people take advantage of that . 
  still , the entire debacle was a huge shift in european governance , and the results decades later a net positive for humanity . 
  no automated ` today national holiday , we 're at the beach ' response ? 
  he was killed for ( the results of ) budget mismanagement , which * was * ( in part ) caused by helping the colonies . 
   pretty creepy how about ` determined ' ? 
  they had seen and heard enough shit from aristocrats . 
  their determination prompted quite a few other nations to reform ( in an attempt to prevent similar determination growing among their own populace ) . 
  `` liberty , equality , fraternity , or * death * ! '', 
  that must be the most frenchiest gif i 've ever seen . 
   scotland voted against becoming independent was n't really a government call eh ? 
  and still ` having oil ' is n't a guarantee for your economy to stay afloat ( and you would n't want to be dependent on a single resource anyway ), 
  meh , its local politics . 
  not really relevant unless you would somehow be involved with , or specifically interested in dutch government budgets & politics , or general examples of how governments should ( n't ) handle ` easy money ' . 
  only then would this political drama be relevant historical information . 
  save germany , who does n't ? 
  the only differences are weather they are competent and can afford to joke , or if they * are * the joke themselves . 
  you need confidence in your position or your abilities to allow yourself to be made fun of . 
  either that , or be so certain of your position you stop giving a shit . 
  only if they are very young or very old . 
  20 km/h minimum . 
  welfare , unemployment benefits , social security . 
  all good things !, 
  *** but *** the government got it ` for free ' which lead to trouble down the road when the necessary reforms to actually sustain the system were needed . 
  eventually everything ` worked out fine ' , we are perfectly capable of supporting the system , but the way we got there was wasteful and we did n't save anything ` just in case ' . 
  a lost opportunity , if only we had had the discipline to save even half of it ... one famous quote from the opposition was ( roughly translated ) : `` ladies and gentleman , santa claus exists !, 
  he 's sitting over there ! '', 
  \\* pointing at the prime minister * \\*, 
  exactly , a delay was maybe the only thing they could have ` won ' by giving up gdansk . 
  blaming poland is ridiculous .
