  i know people who spend half their life outside of ireland , yet have to come back and be far behind everyone else . 
  and most of all , i know people who do n't want to waste time learning a language that is literally completly useless in almost every place not just in the world , but in ireland as well . 
  hell , its not even the second most spoken language . 
  its third . 
  there are more polish speakers that irish in ireland . 
  and in the north , theres more polish and lituanian speakers . 
  its ridiculous having to learn it . 
  edit : jesus , i did not realize how long that was . 
  yet we still have to learn it in school for some reason . 
  algeria 's design on point . 
  europe , gina , and illegal immigrant mexico will unite to fight the trumplanders . 
  theres a lot of burns recently . 
  i would prefer to put the capital in rome and call it the second roman empire . 
  do you not want to be asked by someone ` where are you from ? ', 
  and reply ` oh , i 'm a roman imperial . 
  * glares in irish *, 
  but we can ignore their leverage anyway . 
  we have vetos , they do n't . 
  and the longer any british pm goes without getting the deal and leaving already , the more their approval rating will go down , and the more desperate they 'll be to just get the deal and get out . 
  they have no power in the negotiations though , its all on us . 
  we can have the trade deal during negotiations and there will be no difference than doing it outside negotiations . 
  britain has almost no leverage either way . 
  but muh nationalism, 
  can confirm , i 'm irish and i do n't like cabbage . 
  east germany did n't suceed from another country ? 
  another country like a power that is east of the succeder , and is made up of lots of different countries in one union ? 
  chances of macedonia changing the name , getting into the eu and nato , and then immediatly changing it back when its too late for greece to block them ? 
  the ira dos n't exist any more . 
  the troubles are n't gon na start again , nobody wants to return to that violence . 
  and there ca n't be a hard border : ireland has said we do n't want one , and ireland , like every other eu country , has a veto on our proposals in negotiations . 
  we can veto any deal with a hard border . 
  but with may and the dup it looks likely it will be a hard brexit . 
  i think its inevitable if they leave the eu . 
  might not be tomorrow , but i think it will happen . 
  ok , better than northern ireland . 
  we wi n't lose tons of money from taking them . 
  what if when scotland inevitably leaves the uk , we join up with them as well as the north ? 
  the brits have had their time owning our north , lets take scotland . 
  we have cultural similaritys , scotland is a good economy , it would help the scots get around spain threatening to veto their eu membership , and it 'll be a nice little ` haha fuck u ' to the uk for leaving . 
  i 'm irish , her allying with the dup means we might have a harder time with northern ireland . 
  trump is still defininetly worse worldwide , but do n't think that a major european power , with one of the ` world currencys ' , and a nuclear-armed country with military bases all over the world can only harm themselfs . 
  well , i 'm just gon na leave . 
  if you think that because i 'm from a certain island that i 'm responsible for some fucking terrorists then you can go sit in the ` bad opinion box ' and i 'll leave you too it . 
  ` your group ' means nothing . 
  you brought up nazis . 
  so germans have a ` group responsibility ' for the holocaust ? 
  every group has assholes . 
  at different points in history these assholes are more prevalent in certain groups . 
  ( such as nazi germany or terrorists now ) and soon , they will stop , and another group 's assholes will step in . 
  i 'm irish , am i responsible partly for the ira ? 
  are koreans responsible for the kim regime ? 
  everyone is part of certain groups , and they are not responsible for the group , neither is the group responsible for them . 
  should christians be ashamed of the lords rebel army ? 
  should buddists be ashamed of atrocities in myanmar ? 
  humans are shitty , regardless of religion . 
  because they are asking the european union . 
  so its about the eu 's foreign affairs . 
  as someone in school in ireland , the fact that we are forced to learn irish , even though only 3 % of the population speaks it . 
  like , does he support nato ? 
  does he not recognize the crimea annexation ? 
  have n't followed him that much , what are corbyn 's views on russia ? 
  do n't do colonialism kids . 
  northern ireland is a democracy . 
  if they want to unify with us they can vote for it . 
  how would you see it if these assholes were trying to get the republic to become part of the uk again ? 
  no , but what the northerners can do is vote a republican party in instead of unionist . 
  as of the last election , the north wants to be uk . 
  though with brexit , that might change next election . 
  what were you saying then ? 
  what are you arguing other than ` teh librels r bad ' ? 
  evidence that supports my claim of climate change existing ? 
  https://climate.nasa.gov/evidence/ https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/scientific_opinion_on_climate_change thats just two . 
  pretty much every credible source has agreed that climate change is real . 
  it is not debatable . 
  ` now here are my points supporting my argument ' ... ... ` but te librals ', 
  erdogan did n't do that immediatly , it took years . 
  trump is new . 
  he could very well be worse given time . 
  in that case then its legal for that to happen . 
  and when people talk about how immagunts tuk muh jerb they ' r usually talking about unskilled labour , which is usually minimum wage or close to it . 
  sit down , britain . 
  go play with turkey . 
  but , legally , they ca n't do that . 
  if a company is paying below minimum wage , thats the company 's fault , not the immigrant 's , and you should report the company for illegally paying less than they ' r required too . 
  i 'd like to see how many think that here in ireland . 
  only about 3 % of people here speak irish . 
  both english and polish have more speakers . 
  i must admit , another genocide age sounds like it might be fun . 
  thanks . 
  whats eu4 ? 
  out of europe 's 700 million . 
  countries like jordan , lebanon and turkey and taking in the vast majority and they have much less resources and space for them . 
  we are being selfish . 
  the rule is to pay 2 % by 2024 . 
  talk to me in 7 years if thats still not being paid . 
  and why do they want to move in ? 
  theres not even a lot of them . 
  they did n't take er jerbs , they went and got jerbs . 
  where they come from dos n't matter . 
  i see your from denmark .
