we have seeked protection . 
  we have a defense agreement with the british . 
  since their a nuclear power , theirs not really much need for high military spending . 
  and a common foreign policy would n't just give us protection , it would also force us into the other countries wars . 
  this would go against our tradition of neutrality . 
  though i support the common foreign policy . 
  just trying to explain why some would be against it . 
  yeah , the wolfe tone/general hoche thing was just a joke . 
  your right though . 
  we only spend , what , 0.5 % of our gdp on military ? 
  and we have a defense contract with the british , so its not like we even need it . 
  we are under the protection of a nuclear power . 
  our air force is made up of planes from 1984 . 
  if you look at our military history , we are n't exactly what you would call competant . 
  we lost a war because our weather was bad once , even though we had the support of napoleon bonapart . 
  all in all , we are n't that good at it . 
  it would definetly have to go parliamentary , for the federal government at least , though local governments for provinces/counties/states / territorys/whatever the hell we end up using could choose what system they want for themselves . 
  with the two houses thing , i ' v actually had an idea . 
  there could be one single house of parliament , but each piece of legislation can be petitioned against with an online platform ran by the government , where each citizen is given an account . 
  if at least 10 % of the population ( or 20 % of a province 's population ) signs a petition for/against a certain piece of legislation , then it goes to a referendum . 
  this way is completly democratic , provides a checks-and-balances system that always goes with the will of the people and has minimum bueracracy , and will keep the population engaged with politics . 
  ( we ' v seen recently with how bad it can get when the people get detached from it . ), 
  the only thing i can think of against it is that sometimes people make stupid decisions , ( also seen this recently ) but this system could also allow for repealing legislation , and for firing officials . 
  ( the people do n't like the prime minister , but theres still a few years till the next election ? 
  you can get them out now ) any thoughts ? 
  technicly europe is part of the same continental plate as asia , so in a way it is the same continent . 
  as well as that , is georgia european ? 
  thats about as far away . 
  like , its right next to cyprus , so you could argue that . 
  yeah , thanks to a certain someone , we were pretty shit , but now were one of the richest countrys in the world per capita . 
  on the other hand , britain is definatly about to go downhill a bit . 
  hopefully you wo n't do too badly with brexit , but . 
  yes but see dublin is better than belfast or cardiff , or indeed anywhere in the uk . 
  ( sarcasm , i 'm in the uk right now , but you have to take any oppurtunity to bash the british . ), 
  ok maybe greece could make money to pay their debts from invading and looting , but then the germans would stop giving them loans . 
  they would not invade . 
  so , your worried about what ? 
  norway coming and invading ? 
  why ? 
  no nato member has anything to gain by invading a fellow member . 
  since the eu means that we all depend on eachother economicly ? 
  since now war between two european states would benefit neither of them ? 
  since we have establised european friendship ? 
  besides , if the americans wanted to invade slovakia , they would n't care about the lack of freedom of movement . 
  they would just walk in and occupy . 
  club orange is better than fanta , germany !, 
  and then do n't implement laissez-faire democracy , but also do n't help with the water and jobs . 
  arm terrorists to overthrow the government , then when the terrorists act up arm more terrorists to fight the other terrorists . 
  if you do it enough eventually one of them will be good , right ? 
  right ? 
  your saying ` its an important part of our culture ' . 
  but again , egypt still has their culture , scotland still has their culture . 
  just talking poeticly does not make you right . 
  all this text shows is that your a good writer , not that your a good debater or are correct . 
  we still have irish culture . 
  this is proof that our language is not essiential to it , as the language is dead , and if it was , our culture would be dead too . 
  and for ` how can we express our most subtle thoughts and finest feelings in a foreign tongue ? ', 
  ( again a really good line , but wrong ) , the same way we would in irish . 
  either what you must be saying is that foreigners ca n't make a good language ( bullshit ) or that , for some reason , because we were born on this island that irish is ingrained into us somehow . 
  ( bullshit ) as well as that , irish celtic is n't the only group on the island : we have large amounts of normans from strongbow 's invasion , large amounts of british , and large amounts of polish . 
  ( so many polish that there are more polish speakers than irish speakers ) are these people also tied to it ? 
  if so , how ? 
  and if not , why should they be forced to learn it ? 
  and if they are not forced to learn it , then its not fair for the celtic irish to be forced to learn it , is it ? 
  as for not knowing the names of places ' meanings , does that mean that there is no culture in the places that still have latin names ? 
  latin has been dead a long time , yet many places are still using latin names in the old roman areas . 
  i suppose that the southern europeans , famous for having some of the strongest culture of any of europe , have no culture ? 
  as for the gaelscoil , yeah obviously , you went to a gaelscoil . 
  the whole point is irish . 
  of course the people there want to learn it . 
  but for most , irish is just a pain . 
  we have to learn it for no practical reason . 
  and overall , the biggest thing is , that this could all be fixed by just not making it mandatory . 
  if people do n't want to do it , they can not do it , if they do , they can do it . 
  700 years with the uk : look how that went 40 years with the eu : look how much we improved , becoming one of the richest countries per capita in the world ,, 
  lets see somewhere else where this happened : egypt . 
  egypt spoke a language called coptic . 
  then the arab conquests happened , and so arabic became the language . 
  given , it is a lot more extreme in egypt , as as i can see from the power of 2 minutes of google , coptic is illegal in egypt . 
  but still , even if it was not illegal ( it should not be illegal , but still ) if i was egyptian i would not want to learn it . 
  it is , like irish , a dead language . 
  why would you want to learn that , as opposed to a world language like arabic ? 
  ( or in our case , english ) look , irish is dead . 
  it is not essential of irish nationality . 
  you have said that when the language disappears then the nationality will disappear . 
  but as you can see from the post , it already has disappeared across most of the island . 
  as well as this , by ` irish nationality ' i guess that you either mean patriotism/nationalism , or irish culture . 
  in the case of patriotism/nationalism , why is that a bad thing ? 
  patriotism is decreasing anyway as the world gets more global , and as much as i love ireland , i would prefer to be a person of the world than be a person of a small island nation in west europe . 
  as for culture , no . 
  it does not make culture disappear . 
  scotland no longer speaks scottish galiec , yet they still have there culture . 
  going back to egypt , they still have their culture , as well as other north african countries that were conquered in that time . 
  this idea that the irish language is essential to the irish identity is ridiculous . 
  its just a redundant language that should have died , yet is being kept on life support by the education system . 
  and at the expense of irish students as well . 
  i 'm in school . 
  its ridiculous . 
  everybody hates being forced to learn it . 
  i know people who have learning disablilities who are forced to do it , despite not being able to do so .
