  so when brazil stops being so isolationist and builds more navy , then the `` diplomacy '' score will increase . 
  similarly , if south america starts becoming a more important region of the world compared to east asia , then the `` geography '' score of both spanish and portuguese will also rise . 
  the only thing that can stop a bad man with a truck is a good man with a truck . 
  more like `` to hell with my current kingdom , that one is better ! '', 
  poland was democratically electing foreign kings before it was cool . 
  [ not all of them really enjoyed their electoral victory though  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/henry_iii_of_france )  it was not until january 1574 that henry was to reach the borders of poland . 
  on 21 february , henry 's coronation was held in krak\u00f3w . 
  [ 18 ] in mid-june 1574 , upon learning of the death of his brother charles ix , henry left poland and headed back to france . 
  [ 18 ] henry 's absence `` provoked a constitutional crisis '' that the parliament attempted to resolve by notifiying henry that his throne would be lost if he did not return from france by 12 may 1575 . 
  [ 18 ] his failure to return caused parliament to declare his throne vacant . 
  turkey the bird was named after the country , so it was kinda unavoidable . 
  if we define terrorists to not be muslims , then there is no muslim terrorism !, 
  brilliant !, 
  the difference is that lithuanian is a [ fusional language ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fusional_language ) , the building blocks are much more numerous , making it less regular . 
  also , it 's not that boringly mechanically regular like hungarian : in hungarian , each case has ( ignoring vowel harmony ) one ending , regardless of whether it applies to a noun or an adjective and regardless of whether the numer is plural or singular . 
  in balto-slavic languages a single case can have even a dozen of different endings, 
  when i started learning hungarian , all those endings were n't hard to remember , that 's actually one of the simplest parts of hungarian . 
  they 're also quite regular . 
  pro-tip : if you want your prisoners to live longer , feed them . 
  while it 's easy , it 's not trivial . 
  an average pole listening to russian speech will only understand few random words , mostly nouns , not enough to comprehend the overall meaning of the message . 
  because ntp is accurate enough . 
   all good places is eu a good place ? 
  people are seeing how their ancestors got from fiat to porsche and they want to experience the same rate of progress and they 're surprised that the potential for growth is somewhere else now , so they 'll vote for anyone who promises them a ferrari and a wall to protect that ferrari . 
  the growth of wealth is very uneven though . 
  the inequality decreased mostly because of poor people from poor countries getting better job opportunities due to investments . 
  those investments also increased wealth of the richest of richest . 
  so this leaves one group that got shafted by globalisation : the global middle class , which includes vast majority of europeans and americans . 
  this explains brexit , this explains trump , this explains american student loan bubble , this explains economic growth in china , and this also partially explains the european demographic situation . 
  edit : i found a chart : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/de/global_changes_in_real_income_by_income_percentile_-_v1.png edit2 : i did a bit more of reading and another , probably even more important factor causing the gap is former soviet union and japan . 
  both of those regions also suffer from a prolonging economic stagnation and low fertility . 
  and it also explains why putin rose to power so swiftly . 
  so does firefox . 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( https://xkcd.com/1138/ ), 
  english is as bad as german when it comes to compound words , they just add spaces and claim that it somehow makes it `` different '' . 
   these people show up with iphones we should check their dates of birth on facebook . 
  this comment has been edited by / u/spez . 
  so is the solution the same here ? 
  wait for russians to kill or chase away those who massacre jews and gays , and then let them install a russia-friendly dictator ? 
  so it 's like some polish catholics in germany : religious in practice , non-religious when it comes to paying the religion tax . 
  they thought . 
  that 's why they banned it . 
   how many polish people know that irish people were a nation of nomads , raiders , pirates and so on ? 
  not many . 
   or that we 're traditionally friendly with arabs ? 
  probably even less . 
   or that irish people had to put up with a considerable amount of ethnic discrimination in the past ? 
  that might be known , but it might lead to a pointless discussion about who suffered more . 
  i 'll just add that this kind of xenophobia is rooted in stereotypes that the target group tends to behave in a way that 's contrary to the person 's value system , or that the target group poses a bigger or smaller danger to the person 's community . 
  understanding those value systems , dispelling the false stereotypes and disproving those feelings of danger is the way to combat those prejudices . 
   our ultranationalists are leftwing anti-colonial ones not all of them . 
  you also have right-wing ones , mostly focused on opposing islam . 
   this nazi that 's your problem : you 're using wrong labels . 
  nationalist movements in europe have existed way before nazis , they mostly stem from 19th-century movements that focused on building national identity . 
  there were nationalists all over central and eastern europe when hitler was still wearing nappies . 
  and guess what : they were not thinking about what some german nationalist is going to do 50 years later . 
  nationalists usually gain prominence when something appears to threaten the national identity , be it foreign invasion , immigrants , economic crisis , loss of cultural or economic influence , and so on . 
  they usually attack the others -- in case of ireland , the others used to be the brits , and the power mechanics between the irish and the british were different than in most other cases , leading to a different kind of nationalism being dominant . 
   to be fair then , mate , why should n't we want them to fuck off ? 
  hey , slow down there , mr farage !, 
   i do n't think polish people would be so keen on there being 3.5 % of the population being recent immigrants ( last 15-20 years ) in poland , demand things , and disliking their adopted country to such an extent . 
  except for the percentage ( which is more like 1 -- 1.5 % ) , this is exactly what happens right now with ukrainians in poland . 
  some people even suggest building a wall . 
  if the war in donbass continues and the economic situation in ukraine keeps getting worse , ukrainians will keep pouring here , making babies , and then you know how it will end -- unless the eu lets them further , then they 'll just move west . 
   whilst at the same time , bringing , quite frankly , alien , racist , and neonazi groups to the country you also have the same kinds of nationalist , neo-nazi , or whatever you want to call them , groups . 
  i think you just give them less airtime . 
  most of their supporter are from among the lower classes , which is important to keep in mind . 
  i think that looking at migration from the point of view of the self-proclaimed big-city `` elite '' is very short-sighted , and it 's mostly lower classes where the cultural tensions happen . 
  you should know not what immigrants you know are like , because that 's a self-selecting biased sample , but what an average immigrant is like . 
  of course immigrants you know are more like you -- it 's because they are more like you that you got to know them in the first place . 
   perhaps this is why ireland does n't have foreign voting , so that only those living in the country can decide it 's fate . 
  and this is a smart idea , but it would n't fly in the current political climate . 
  first , emigrants tend to vote right , second , families in poland would feel as if their relatives were stripped away from a constitutional right , even if they never bothered to move their lazy asses to the embassy in dublin , london , etc. 
  to exercise that right . 
   whilst , i hope you are not conflating polish nationalism with religion i does n't matter whether i do , what matters is that many polish nationalists do conflate . 
   when muslims are seen not to integrate people go crazy . 
  but when `` fellow '' europeans do n't though , it 's fine . 
  i also dislike the double standard . 
   at no point did i make anti-immigrant remarks . 
  i just asked logical questions . 
  this is what people who are anti-immigration say too . 
   as you can imagine , i have a lot of work colleagues who are polish . 
  `` i have black friends ! '', 
   the people i am referring to are the minority , who just so happen to have quite a lot of sway with the pis it 's not a minority . 
  based on your posting history ( sorry for snooping ) , you appear to be a white-collar worker , so those polish colleagues you mention are probably also white-collar workers . 
  but basing the opinion of the entire population on this particular subgroup is misleading , because they are the ones that are most likely to integrate . 
  but if you look further , you 'll find a moustachioed non-english speaking poorly paid worker , who sends his grandson to a polish weekend school , buys imported polish wares in a polish grocery store , supports pis and would vote if he had the time to go to the embassy , and hates muslims , gypsies ( of any kind ) and probably also blacks . 
  and calls most of the irish lazy fatties . 
  and i have not made that person up . 
  he , and many similar to him , are a huge chunk of that 150000 . 
  so when waszczykowski makes his silly remarks , they 're met with fertile ground . 
  this is purely fishing for votes , nothing more . 
   you decided to add demographics to the debate to legitimize this mentality . 
  you keep putting words in my mouth . 
  i wanted to see what people have to say about the state of the irish language ( because * that * was the thing i added to the discussion ) , the anti-immigration rants i got in reply were just a cherry on top . 
  i like how in your rant you could replace poles with muslims or mexicans and it would still make sense , but then you 'd get downvoted for being racist . 
   i took issue with the above posters ' logic that it was some sort of `` right '' where do you see such logic ? 
  i just provided a bare fact , all the rest is your imagination . 
  yes , polish children do have to learn irish in irish schools . 
  it 's a mandatory subject .
