  if you want some anti-soviet rebels , for starters there 's bandera . 
  and stop nitpicking on differences , it 's pure land grab in both situations , just one is less sneaky and the other one is more sneaky . 
  so according to your logic , soviet union could not advance against nazi germany , because according to some native inhabitants of the occupied areas , it was n't proper soviet territory . 
  you mean like chechens in the 90s ? 
   normally , defending side does not advance , they are defending . 
  so defenders are not allowed to liberate their own territory from occupation . 
  you 're in / r/europe , people here have at least 10 different ideas what constitutes a `` normal u '' . 
  one language works for hungarians . 
  it 's correct grade-2 english braille , with all words capitalised for some reason . 
  at least it 's not in spanish . 
  british isles , benelux , all of scandinavia and poland are at the same latitudes as canada . 
  no gulf stream means canadian weather . 
  similarly , spain is at the same latitudes as chicago and hokkaido , both known for their snowy weather . 
  [ it 's been already bad . 
  ] ( http://publicshaming.tumblr.com/post/48547675807/the-definitive-people-who-thought-chechnya-was ), 
  krak\u00f3w also used to have huge support for its olympic bid for 2022 , but the support fell very quickly and in a local referendum the idea was struck down with 69 % against : https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/referendum_w_krakowie_w_2014_roku so there 's still a chance to withdraw if you act quick enough . 
  but then , bookies are guessing it 'll be paris anyway , so even if budapest does n't withdraw now , there will still be time to withdraw before they 'll choose the 2028 host . 
  i wonder why north korea does n't implement a similar policy . 
  it 's a fallacy to think that if something has n't happened yet , then it will never happen . 
  especially since the circumstances are much different . 
  you 're using pure `` and you 're lynching negroes '' rhetoric straight from the communist handbook . 
  like the entire current government . 
  shame on you . 
  consider this : in 1938 , latvia and estonia had higher gdp per capita than spain , greece , portugal , finland , italy , ireland or austria . 
  cue 50 years of communism and see what happened . 
  ( to be fair , spain was just after a civil war . 
  the others were n't though . ), 
  you 're assuming that rejected asylum seekers are not going to stay . 
  switzerland seems to only have good sides . 
  even the flag is a big plus . 
  populism . 
  slowing it for first few years allows you to win next elections and then people will grow accustomed to the new situation . 
  britain voted itself out , because they let normal citizens to vote on it , instead of politicians supported by lobbyists . 
  large british companies and most politicians were in favour of remain . 
   what country uses yellow-blue-yellow flag ? 
  for me it looks like the upper yellow band was supposed to be some kind of a word , but it 's illegible . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_agricultural_farm  a state agricultural farm ( polish : pa\u0144stwowe gospodarstwo rolne , pgr ) was a form of collective farming in the people 's republic of poland , similar to soviet sovkhoz and to the east german volkseigenes gut . 
   they were created in 1949 as a form of socialist ownership of agricultural land by the government . 
  they were primarily formed on the regained territories - lands that poland acquired from germany after the second world war - but existed throughout poland . 
   after moving to the market economy under the act of october 19 , 1991 on agricultural property of the treasury collective farms were liquidated and their assets were taken over by the agricultural property agency of the treasury ( now agricultural property agency ) , and their workers - 300 to 450 thousand people - joined the ranks of the unemployed . 
  400,000 might seems low , but it 's still about 2 % of working population and note that the regained territories ( except for lower silesia ) have much lower population density . 
   everyone involved in planning it must have known it would massively brain drain huge swaths of the continent that 's why they did it . 
  an easy way to get cheap and qualified labour . 
  think whatever you want , but it 's because of them there is currently no left-wing party in the polish parliament -- razem stole enough of left wing electorate so sld failed to cross the electoral threshold . 
   adding that the salaries some footballers receive are `` simply ridiculous '' . 
  are footballers employed directly , like normal people , or do they have an intermediary limited company which pockets the profits ? 
  because if corbyn 's idea passes , we 'll see more of the latter . 
  at least we 've beaten montenegro !, 
  who 's talking about learning seriously . 
  it 's enough to kickstart the learning process and teach some basics , and that 's something . 
  staying at home , you would n't learn spanish at all . 
   i 'm not sure why would anyone let people go abroad without knowing a language beforehand knowing a language is not a binary thing , your skills are going to improve in the foreign environment . 
  moreover , many erasmus students start by speaking only one foreign language : english , and then they both improve their english and learn the local language there . 
  several of my friends went to erasmus in catalonia , with no spanish , obviously no catalan and only decent english . 
  they were given catalan and spanish language courses , it worked for some of them , and they also exercised their english with other exchange students except the ones from latin america , who usually spoke poor english and leveraged their spanish fluency . 
  january is a middle of summer , what 's wrong with that ? 
   the germans wo n't sell the mini but they can still choose to relocate production to mainland europe . 
  `` poles are stealing our jobs in the uk !, 
  -- signed : british working class '' `` k , now they 'll steal your jobs on the continent . 
  have fun on benefits !, 
  -- signed : brussels '', 
  if we send them boxes , they 'll throw them into the sea like the last time . 
  this still does n't explain lack of < \u0101  , < \u012b  and < \u016b  . 
  also , speakers who do pronounce < ei  and < ou  as diphthongs also pronounce < \u014d  and sometimes also < \u0113  in other words . 
  most poles pronounce those sounds as diphthongs , an oral vowel + a nasal semivowel . 
   the nasal vowels do not feature uniform nasality over their duration . 
  phonetically , they consist of an oral vowel followed by a nasal semivowel ( so that s\u0105 is pronounced [ s\u0254w\u0303 ] , which sounds closer to portuguese s\u00e3o [ s\u0250\u0303w\u0303 ] than french sont [ s\u0254\u0303 ] -- all three words mean '' [ they ] are '' ) . 
  therefore , they are phonetically diphthongs . 
  [ 8 ] even then , you should either count them as diphthongs ( so 6 +2 ) or vowels ( 8 +0 ) , not ignore them ( 6 +0 ) as in that table . 
  there 's something not right : -- polish is counted as having no diphthongs , but it has two ( < \u0105  , < \u0119  ) , three if you count marginal < an  -- japanese is for some reason counted as having 5 vowels and 2 diphthongs , but it has no diphthongs , and since they count long and short vowels separately ( see : german , hungarian , finnish ) , they should count 10 vowels for japanese . 
  this reminds me of people who believe in reincarnation and claim to remember their past lives . 
  for some reason , almost all of them were some kind of princess who died tragically in one of their past lives ( and spoiler alert , most of those people are women , so reincarnation apparently cares about gender ) . 
  basic stats tells that if you picked a random person for each of 200-300 generations of human history , vast majority would be tribesmen , peasants or slaves , then several craftsmen or merchants and then maybe few nobles . 
  and almost surely no royalty . 
   minecraft ? 
  wtf poland ? 
  it says it 's * gaining * . 
  maybe some kids just discovered it in 2016 , and barely anyone watched it in 2015 . 
  [ relevant xkcd . 
   how would swedes learning other languages through english count towards the ammount of people learning swedish ? 
  wat  you are so far down left-wing-conjecture hole that nothing makes sense . 
  wat what i said is that in sweden the spanish from english course was less popular , so spanish did n't win , like it did in norway and denmark . 
  the reason for that result might also be that there are no courses for swedish speakers , so you have either people learning swedish through english or arabic ( and soon also russian ) , or swedes learning other languages through english . 
  and since the most popular other language would be spanish , and afaik swedes already speak spanish ( since many of them learn it at school ) , non-swedes learning swedish become the largest group . 
   hairy skinny girls ok , i think this one requires a bit of explanation . 
  for you : single-handedly defend against the entire russian army . 
  for germans : fuck all , they do n't have outer borders any more . 
  this reminds me when microsoft swapped a black guy 's head for a white man 's head in a photo for their polish website : http://www.businessinsider.com/microsoft-apologizes-for-replacing-black-man-with-white-man-in-ad-2009-8?ir=t, 
  a personal non-transferable licence for an entertainment piece is useless from the economic point of view , all of its value is in amusement provided to the customer . 
  if you buy a video game , what can you do with it ? 
  sell above price of your purchase ? 
  unlikely . 
  use it to produce something else ? 
  also unlikely . 
  you can only play with it until you get bored , and then the game will be collecting dust ( assuming it 's a physical release -- it will be doing nothing otherwise ) . 
  and your precious rubles ( ok , maybe not * that * precious ) had already said bye-bye to your wallet and now they are in pockets of evil banderovtsi or whatever russian media call ukraine these days . 
  it 's fascinating how both relatedness between polish and lithuanian and loanwords from polish allowed me to recognise all three texts and fill in most of the gaps . 
  since games are purely entertainment , can contain propaganda , and marginal production cost is almost zero , does n't it mean that he is damaging russian economy by making them pay for his ukrainian toys ? 
  given that the most egregious mistake in your comment was lack of spaces after commas , your english is n't that bad . 
  i think `` geography '' and `` diplomacy '' refer to the strategical value of countries , based on their location , military , international relations , and so on .
