  you 're right with that last thing :  the document also envisages that a parent of a child under 7 years of age or a disabled child under 18 years of age , three and more underage children takes part in the financing of public spending . 
  `` upbringing kids counts as work '' . 
   the ordinance includes an exhaustive list of categories of people exempt from the fee . 
  in particular , these include legally incapable persons , disabled persons , underage persons , women who have reached the age of 55 years and men who have reached the age of 60 years , other categories of people . 
  `` people which might have problems with doing any work are exempted '' . 
  other categories of people exempted from paying or classified as `` employed '' : * full-time students * monks and clergy * registered unemployed people ( they have to participate in a state-sponsored training and accept work offers to keep count as registered ) * registered artists * lawyers and doctors * entrepreneurs * individual farmers * people who arrived into belarus in april last year or later * pensioners receiving their pensions from other countries * and more source : http://president.gov.by/uploads/documents/3decree.pdf, 
  and lithuania . 
  polish people are making babies . 
  in ireland . 
  my hypothesis : note that the top 6 countries have become capitalist after the cultural revolution . 
  the private management positions were all free and they were distributed according to weakened gender roles . 
  germany , uk , us have been capitalist for much longer , so the old cadre is still there . 
  good news : estonia can into nordic . 
  bad news : lithuania , latvia and bulgaria first . 
  this way , they teach people how to read in china they sub everything , both because of dialects and to teach people how to read . 
   thiefdom not sure if a misspelling of * fiefdom * , or an actual decent example of new word formation . 
  `` smile to the camera ! '', 
  bosnia , of course . 
  long story short , for most of the history , germans had dozens of tiny states . 
  austria , ruled by hapsburgs , was the biggest one , and it gained control , via various means , of bohemia , belgium , southern poland and hungary . 
  meanwhile , prussia , after gaining independence from poland , started uniting other small german states into the german empire . 
  austria-hungary was a bigger state than the newly created germany , so it did n't join . 
  besides , germany was more of a nation state , while austria-hungary was a multinational state . 
  i might have made some egregious simplifications . 
  in poland , it 's enough to get 3 % to get money . 
  which leads to a funny situation , when korwin-mikke is getting money but did n't get to the parliament ( 4.76 % ) , and kukiz is in the parliament , but does n't get any money ( his committee was registered as a voters ' committee , so there 's no party that can receive that money ) . 
   imagine if a party could enter parliament with 1/407 of the vote , it would be total chaos . 
  we had that in 1991 , [ see the results for yourself . 
  the first coalition government was supported by 4 parties , i.e. 
  whopping 27 % of mps . 
  needless to say , the parliament was dissolved and the next elections were in 1993 . 
  so if  95 % of people cast invalid votes , no party would get elected and serbia could enjoy 4 years of peace without any politics ? 
  [ this one would come in handy in 1939 . 
  we have plenty of people that claim that the current polish government is left-wing , and only the true right is a solution for all poland 's problems . 
   ad-blockers have to get a bit more intelligent about intrusive and non-intrusive ads automatic detection of such ads is too complex and/or too hardware-intensive to do on an automated scale . 
  the only agent capable of classifying an ad as non-intrusive is the human . 
  of course when the human started doing it , he was accused of being a sellout by users and a blackmailer by the providers . 
  there 's a way to clean up the web , but that would require putting a lot of constraints on websites : disallow playing audio and videos without user 's explicit consent , and severely limit javascript and css . 
  if it could be automatically detected that a website abides by those rules , you could pronounce it non-invasive . 
   but someone who did n't might click that link that explains what a cookie is \\  expecting people to read what they agree to \\  lol, 
   and anyone can make a browser say there are no adblockers filtering the content while happily filtering away . 
  or , other way around : server : this content can not be displayed if you are using adblockers . 
  do n't display it if you do . 
  browser : * proceeds to display the content anyway *, 
  it 's * their * article , and the website it 's on has been developed to be read by specific software products . 
  that software being web browsers . 
  sometimes javascript is required . 
  sometimes image displaying is required . 
  and sometimes ad loading is required . 
  it 's up to the article owner to decide what subset of www clients they want to support . 
  `` have this data . 
  if you interpret it with unmodified chrome , ie , firefox , or safari , it will display the article you wanted . 
  what do you say ? 
  you modified the behaviour of your browser and it does n't display anymore ? 
  oh well , not our problem . '', 
  and noscript is defeated by pages that do client-side rendering . 
  so you want to legislate that every site has to work on every browser , just because someone somewhere is using it ? 
  `` we sentence you to a $ 10000 fine because your blog does n't display on internet explorer 6 . '', 
  they are not blocked permanently from information . 
  if they want to access it , all they have to do is to temporarily disable the adblocker . 
  adblock detection does n't depend on anything `` given out '' . 
  it happens locally , in the web browser . 
  usually the same chinese thing is cheaper in germany . 
  argentina used to artificially keep the big mac prize down : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/big_mac_index#manipulation, 
  having an ocean all around your country does help though . 
  epp voted in favour partially because po is in epp . 
  evolution of some kind of / l / into / w / happens in many languages . 
  for example , in brazilian portuguese , word-final < l  is pronounced / w / . 
  training program will consist of reading lithuaniasphere comics . 
  they are progressive . 
  it 's * only * half , not 80 % like in most muslim countries . 
   but the the children are raised by grandparents this used to be the norm : in rural environments , it used to be that three generations lived together , and then the middle generation would be able to do their work without worrying about the children . 
  having free childcare allowed people to feel more confident in having children . 
  given the context , the word `` cham '' should be translated into english `` boor '' . 
  both those words initially meant `` peasant '' , while slowly drifting into becoming derogatory word for `` uncultured person '' . 
  the whole slogan is a reference to feudalism . 
  that 's the first cartoon i watched , at least as far as i can recall . 
  i was 3 -- 4 years old then , and people usually ca n't recall anything from their lives earlier than that . 
   fascist , expansionist ideas whoa whoa , slow down . 
  what you are talking about pertains to * radical * nazis . 
  but most nazis are moderate nazis , they 're normal friendly people . 
  you ca n't blame the majority for the acts of a minority . 
  if you 're trying to have a jab at christianity , you 're mistaken : christianity was peaceful for the first 200-300 years . 
  we had the same situation in poland : http://wiadomosci.wp.pl/kat,1019407,title,uchodzcy-ktorych-przyjeli-polacy-uciekli-za-granice-to-juz-kilkanascie-syryjskich-rodzin,wid,17838111,wiadomosc.html?ticaid=116c47  13 sep 2015  ** a family of syrian refugees , who were taken into care by a parish in \u015arem , ran away to germany . 
  as it turns out , there are more such cases . 
  according to the estera foundation , which brought the syrians to poland , it 's a result of a trauma , which makes them behave irrationally . 
  **  ( ... )  as it turns out , some of the arrived syrians have already run away to germany , despite bing provided in poland with housing , food , support , school for children , and polish language lessons . 
   `` in total , we have been informed about flights of over a dozen families . 
  their goal is germany , although we talked with them about it multiple times , that in that country the situation is very hard due to excess number of refugees , and it would be better for them to stay in poland , '' explains przemys\u0142aw kawalec from the estera foundation to wirtualna polska . 
  `` sadly , as you can see , in many cases it does n't help , although some families , who ran away to germany , seeing the situation there , decide later to return to poland , '' he adds . 
   in the last few days , there was a famous case of , among others , a a family of five running away from \u015arem , where they were hosted by one of parishes . 
  according to * portal \u015aremski * , the refugees had very good conditions -- a fully-furnished flat in one of the newest blocks for the residential cooperative , and food . 
  the children were provided education in a catholic school and the parents were offered jobs . 
  despite all of that , the family fled to germany without a single word of explanation . 
  so is islam 's : from the very start , islam was spread by sword . 
  it 's just for when you feel like you need to use it , they said . 
  it 's totally optional , they said . 
  it does n't matter what humans have sex for . 
  lots of humans have sex for fun and think of its biological function as an annoyance . 
  but it 's fun only because they have a sex drive , which is a product of genes , which have much different goals than their bipedal hosts .
