fuck those eggs i bought at the grocery store were all rotten , thanks putin, 
  he 's probably saying this so erdogan does n't unleash migrants over into europe , though bulgaria and greece are front line defense . 
  hopefully eu politicians will stop being erdogan 's yesmen after this , especially you merkel . 
  now these are only syrian ones correct ? 
  what about all the non syrian refugees going into europe ? 
  though those might be alot harder . 
  would be stupid to have another leftist president after how much of an utter failure hollande was . 
  are n't both of these pics from turkey ? 
  one religion certainly does it more than the others combined, 
  that 's what happens when you let a bunch of military aged men from a country plagued with violence march in . 
  should have did what canada is doing and only let families in . 
  them 72 virgins, 
  should lecture your own country first on their kurd , armenian and asian racism . 
  poor guys are getting extradited to their torturous deaths, 
  he wants you to kill him , that 's what these jihadis want . 
  just throw him in a cell in a maximum security prison for the rest of his life so he is denied his 72 virgins . 
  now what counts as hate speech exactly ? 
  i recall europe seems to have been cracking down on anyone making even a slight negative comment towards migrants . 
  if these idiots get kidnapped by isis or nusra , i hope your country does n't pay to bail them out . 
  crimea part of russia on this map , that 's gon na trigger some people . 
  jews have been leaving europe in mass due to these refugees , why would they want them in israel ? 
  cameron and renzi down , wonder who will be next to resign . 
  trudeau has been starting to garner hate from people who voted for him , he seems too busy trying to be politically correct than doing what he promised to do on the campaign trail . 
  well by harboring extremist rebels and ignoring isis at the border for years , he has already made turkey even more unsafe since now there are salafist jihadi sleeper cells in the country now . 
  turkey is suffering blowback hard just like pakistan did supporting the taliban , now they have terrorists in the country . 
  if liberal values are letting in thousands of migrants undocumented , then no one wants that . 
  how shocking !, 
  this sub is right wing ? 
  most of the time you 're called a fascist here if you do n't want migrants . 
  this thread is one of the few rare times anti migrant stuff is upvoted, 
  well atleast they are finally realizing letting in thousands of people from a violence plagued region who also follow a religion responsible for most terrorist attacks into your country without making sure they are n't brainwashed murderers who want to kill all who are n't sunni muslims is a dumb idea . 
  not sure what 's wrong with chinese food places , chinese food is great . 
  the second picture , that 's just typical lefty american college students , not sure how far left european college students are , but they sure as fuck are far left in america . 
  so basically everything we knew already , countries that were soviet or forced into soviet puppet states hate russia more than those who were not , news at 8 . 
  im sure most of them want to leave because of the retarded porn and surveillance laws more than brexit . 
  everyone seems to always cheer when someone from the other side of the spectrum dies , that 's politics for you . 
  right wingers cheer when cox died , then left wingers cheered when thatcher died . 
  he does n't want migrants , which in europe means you 're literally hitler . 
  i mean it in a good way . 
  your country is a bulwark stopping migrants somewhat, 
  bulgaria , the frontline bulwark against the economic migrants . 
  it was bound to happen, 
  people thinking that this means the us is just going to hand europe over to russia lol . 
  george warmonger bush was best buddies with putin too , you forget that . 
  if she was only a bride , is say bring her back , but nope she was a sharia law enforcer and she even was a fighter . 
  she deserves what all foreigners who joined isis deserves , an execution, 
  so what does texas have to do with europe ? 
  that 's like saying `` hey afghanistan has more terror attacks than all of europe '' and posting it here, 
  first year college anarchists most likely from outside hamburg using the g20 as an excuse to set cars on fire and do lots of property damage . 
  these guys are just first year college edgelord anarchists , they do n't really care about the g20 , they just want to destroy and torch cars . 
  similar things happen here in the us during protests , and they are usually people outside of the city , since no one is actually stupid enough to destroy their own city . 
  im sure they were n't forced to do it or face execution just like the hysterical crying at dear leader 's funeral . 
  97 % of these are probably guys saying bad things about islam and saying negative things about the migrant policy on social media . 
  really ? 
  cause from what i see , most people here agree that mass importing migrants was an utter failure , even the biggest merkel worshippers agree with that . 
  he 's 64 , you want them to tackle him ? 
  nvm looking through your posts you just post propaganda, 
  a united europe would be alright as long as merkel 's idiotic immigration policy does n't effect the rest of them . 
  its just gallowboob reddits 's chief karma whore , posting eu stuff here is easy karma so that 's why he did it, 
  we could leave the middle east right now and it wont stop . 
  they 'll continue killing each other and killing infidels in europe . 
  at this rate , in three years terror attacks in europe will be just like terror attacks in the middle east `` wow another one , ok what else is on ? '', 
   existing population does n't treat them like humans . 
  yeah giving them basically free welfare for life and a home is treating them like dirt . 
  ca n't stop those poor muslims from killing all the infidels . 
  one way to stop them is to just stop handing over free money to them . 
  but of course we will have to wait til merkel finally reaches her term limit before it happens . 
  it 's nothing like the balkans . 
  there will still be an islamic terror attack every two months and that 's just how it is . 
  there is n't going to be a right wing death squad going around , this guy was one after like 20 islamic attacks , so no where near the intensity . 
  that 's just how politics is , kinda like how the entire planet knows saudi arabia is the nest of islamic terrorism but continue to give them millions of dollars in weapons and protection . 
  dae obama greatest president of all time ? 
  that 's probably because of the 5 yearly islamic terror attacks that keep happening in france , not because of trump . 
  lol huffington post always tries to tie some sort of good thing muslims do to every tragedy . 
  western europe in 200 years was going to be mostly turks before the migrant crisis , now it 's just going to be majority muslim in 100 years, 
  you guys should be glad they are no longer a part of serbia or else it would be serbia that has the most foreign jihadists from europe . 
  i always look at [ this ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/061/588/5e2.png ) image to laugh at when it comes to this idiot, 
  is that may or merkal ? 
  lol syria is on the friends list but not serbia . 
  rip, 
  lmao the good old `` if you 're mean to muslims , they might want to kill you !, 
  ' , well europe welcomed them with open arms and they are already killing them , so what else can they do ? 
  you guys should have went with canada 's approach from the start , only accept families and children only , not the boatloads of men . 
  as bad as the uk arresting people for anti refugee fb and twitter lists, 
  is n't there some sort of blackface santa in some culture around there ? 
  it 's not racist , though this is the guardian , they bitch about everything . 
  was n't the labour party crashing hard ? 
  at least our leader isnt letting in thousands of migrants and destroying his country in the process, 
  the swedish pm has such a punchable face, 
  good riddance , one of the men who helped spread islamic extremism on the planet . 
  kissinger needs to go next . 
  goes both ways . 
  you could say the nazis sort of stopped the soviets from slowly gobbling up europe . 
  they surely were going to attack germany and romania sooner or later . 
  they should just say `` ok '' and then watch how no refugees want to go to poland since they 'd rather go to france , sweden and germany for those nice free checks in the mail . 
  all the migrants must have inflated it . 
  if you want any type of immigration control , then you are a fascist according to most people on this sub . 
  well the migrants themselves want to only go to germany and france welfare countries , so yeah, 
  `` everyone who disagrees with me is a russian shill '' i think i 've heard something similar on the_donald where everyone who disagrees with them is a sharia blue shill . 
  idk his entire comment history is being full on neoliberal , i doubt he 's being sarcastic .
