8 teenagers right ... ... ... . . 
  `` somewhat aggressive '' ? 
  a major in islamic studies once told me that if you put a bunch of sunnis and shiites in the same room together with a few hungry lions , they would rather shoot and kill each other than save themselves from the lions . 
  do n't worry , in a few years they 'll start claiming ownership on the land and make up some bullshit country just like palestine . 
  i could do what my father is doing and work at a private clinic . 
  israeli apartment prices are ridiculous . 
  a jewish friend of mine from boston who lived a couple years in israel asked me one day `` do most people in israel live from paycheck to paycheck ? 
  everything is ridiculously expensive , yet you earn so little '' and he 's 100 % right . 
  most people are in debt and just barely keep their head above water . 
  negative bank account balance is `` normal '' . 
   fwiw i 've met some docs who work 6 months in the us every year and save $ 100k then go enjoy life in israel for 6 months . 
  that sounds like a dream , plus i 'll have no problem working in israel for those 6 months or even volunteering . 
  it varies , but that 's pretty much correct for the base salary - from this they calculate the pension . 
  they get a lot of bonuses , it will go as high as 40,000 ils/month for a surgeon , but due to 50 % tax , your total is much lower . 
  still , much less than the us . 
  after visiting both , it feels much closer to israel ( obviously i have n't lived every eu country , but having visited plenty of them , i 'm sure of it ) . 
  medicine , i 'm on my 2nd year, 
  on the contrary . 
  i just fail to understand why would anyone be so obsessed about doing something so unproductive as arguing about the legitimity of a major historic event when there are much bigger things to argue about . 
  i forgot to mention that i 'm against censorship , you can say whatever you want , just do n't be an asshole . 
  let 's put your muh censorship aside , and be honest for a second . 
  in that imaginary situation , i would never insult you by calling your mother a whore since i know how sensitive that matter is to you , neither would i start a `` grandfather_clock 's mom is a liar '' movement . 
  if you 're such an eristic person , why wo n't you go and confront those blm thugs face to face , since you 're so brave ? 
  huh . 
  you 'd rather disrespect a minority 's genocide on the internet ; you 've got big balls , man . 
  i 'd pay to see your mental gymnastics in process there were countless of cases when palestinians sent their children to perform a suicide bombing in order to kill israelis . 
  i guess that 's much worse than a ( claimed by you to be photoshopped ) sign . 
  also , this goes all the way back to 1957 , when golda meir said `` peace will come when the arabs will love their children more than they hate us '' . 
  she was right . 
  i may also add to you , my ignorant american friend , that the world will be a much better place when people will start loving themselves more than they protect people who wish to destroy them . 
  ok , take it like this . 
  imagine that i knew nothing about you and i said something like `` hey look everyone , grandfather_clock 's dad is gay !, 
  hahaha '' , that would be annoying but i doubt that you 'd give a damn since it 's not based on anything . 
  now , imagine you confessed to everyone that your mother was raped , and then i would say `` hey look everyone !, 
  grandfather_clock 's mom was whoring around !, 
  hahaha '' , that would be a lot more offensive since it 's really personal - some people will think it 's funny and join me since they 're assholes and it 's much easier to convince since some idiots can find a twisted co-relation between rape and whoring around . 
  i hope ( ( you 're ) ) ( ( getting ) ) ( ( it ) ) ( ( now ) ) . 
   if you want a czech degree come study in czech republic full-time . 
  you mean transfer ? 
  because i 've already finished 2 years here . 
  and shitty english is second nature to hungary , i believe all ee countries share that , lol . 
  i 've been thinking of going on a student exchange program in one of the universities - either charles or masaryk . 
  what should i expect when moving from hungary ? 
  you 're right . 
  let 's see what 's on the palestinian side : http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-grwxczewpzm/vuym42ymlwi/aaaaaaaakaq/lqjztnx9vom/s1600/islam.png, 
  thanks . 
  where you do you live in czechia ? 
  hahaha . 
  i study in europe and everytime i go grocery shopping , the locals stare at me as if i 'm an alien since i buy a ton of food . 
  well , it 's not that easy . 
  trust me , i really do n't want to move , but i 'm kind of forced to ; even as a doctor it would take me close to 10 years to save enough money and buy a small apartment , cars cost 500 % , and we 're literally financing our enemies which boggles my mind since the tax is 50 % . 
  sometimes it feels like we 're living on different planets , seriously ... 
   good point , up until this finger of blame . . you 're right , up until this comment . 
  palestinians are responsible to 100 % of terror in israel . 
  can confirm . 
  israeli medical student ms-2 here , i plan on taking the usmle and moving to the us . 
  you are so naive , it 's mind boggling, 
  question him on what ? 
  what religion he belongs to ? 
  ask palestinians, 
  a couple of riots and they will allow it , you 'll see, 
  i 'd bet 1,000,000 euros that germany folds, 
  i 'm jewish and i fucking hate that old fart . 
  ca n't wait till he dies , hopefully in a lot of pain, 
  hahahaha that 's the spirit . 
  you 'd be very surprised . 
  close !, 
  they run people over . 
  wan na know the tr - [ removed ], 
  how much would a 100g bag of ground beans cost ? 
  ok chill there you alpha male, 
  2/10 for effort, 
  assuming / s unless you 're a nutcase, 
  about damn time, 
  shhh , do n't wake up the sleepyheads, 
  i do n't know buddy , zero complaints here . 
  i think you germans should learn to keep your hands to yourselves !, 
  ugh , animals . 
  none of them are white, 
  ~ ~ f ** king white people and their sex trafficking ! ~ ~ whoops . 
  well , these people did it because of racism and frustration !, 
  seems like you 're the one in a need for safe space , because you 're so easily offended by the truth . 
  did n't know turkey is a part of eu, 
  say what now ? 
  please let it not be a muslim this time !!!!, 
  you 're a quack . 
  now shoo little troll, 
  `` do n't worry europe , they they are not that many '', 
  every single comment you post is a lie or a troll attempt . 
  disregard this troll, 
  do n't forget about the russians who broke into an immigrants camp and beat the shit out of a bunch of them . 
  i kinda know why ... they raped a 12 year old girl . 
  people are getting angry and the backlash is inevitable . 
  true , some countries are more `` racist '' but there 's a reason for that . 
  i 've never seen anyone attacking a buddhist monk ( well , except for muslims ) . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktqzf9v0n-a https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vo8o_zylpdc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ukqkmyb3io https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzko8pphxpo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylmzgodsyrw also , thank you for another strawman . 
  i live in hungary , and there have been zero racial attack here in hungary . 
  further more on poland , slavs can be very violent and angry people ( i know , i am a slav myself ) , you simply do n't fuck with them . 
  combine lack of education and you get gopniks ( football hooligans ) , which will beat up anyone basically , not only blacks . 
  nice strawman , but i 'll bite - some of my classmates are christian nigerians , iranians and jordonians , they are some of the most awesome people i 've ever met .
