  i 'm guessing that he is so bland that nobody in his party minded when he was chosen as a candidate , and now he 's just there to occupy space , since he does n't really do anything . 
  context : he 's using this `` example '' as an opposite to spanish economic growth , which he says actually has a reason . 
  i do n't think not living as a slave and having more wealth are in the same category . 
  your argument could be applied if they are leaving from eastern europe or hungary to go to germany , but not to the gulf countries . 
  no , just wrong . 
  you must have ignored the dozens of other comments giving the actual reason . 
  i think we need mods like you that actually want to moderate . 
  it is pretty obvious by looking at most big subs that a hands-off policy only leads to a decline in quality . 
  what 's the point of adding more mods if the general idea is going to be `` just let people downvote it '' . 
  my racist granma has more empathy . 
  if they are from syria and afghanistan they are not migrants , they are refugees . 
  i , too , have never read the bible . 
  in spain too . 
  here is my problem with this argument , look at the composition of the european parliament , do you think that it wo n't pass ? 
  and that composition will not change once the full document is known , so citizens effectively have no way of deciding on it . 
  the problem is that parts of the agreement that a majority of the ep would probably agree against will just pass anyway since they are bundled with the rest . 
  this is just like when the referendum for the spanish constitution after the dictatorship happened . 
  everyone voted yes en masse because a bad constitution is better than no constitution . 
  similarly , for most of the ep any trade agreement with the us is better than none , so ttip has effectively already passed . 
  if nothing changes whatever comes out of those negotiation rooms is final ,, 
  oh god , we gave free food to people that needed it , what will be next ? 
  so you are just talking shit . 
  `` the ideology of peace '', 
  i reserve my murderous tendencies for ckii . 
  mine is more ducats and less unrest . 
  everyone forgot liberland . 
  given that 8 centuries ( and a bit ) ago portugal did n't even exist i guess that means you are all spanish right ? 
  or at least should be . 
  what about the conquest of granada ? 
  is 8 centuries enough for the previous ownership to stop being important ? 
   when you own land due to military conquest and fight invaders , you fight a defensive war , by definition . 
  ergo the reconquista was a defensive war from the perspective of the muslims , since they owned land due to military conquest and they were fighting off invaders . 
  so from the perspective of the christian kingdoms the reconquista was an offensive war , not defensive , the exact opposite of what / u/kestyr said . 
  edit : full quote . 
  only the upper classes where actually visigothic , and until recently the visigoths had completely different laws , were arianic and were seen as invaders . 
  also why would i care what a dead mercenary and a petty king think of me ? 
  the reconquista was certainly not defensive . 
  the visigoths were as much invaders as the muslims , and the latter brought many more technological and cultural advances . 
  who knew that constant xenophobic narratives and hate speech could lead to violence . 
  what a charming little guy !, 
  where did the bad inmigrant touch you ? 
  yes , treat them like human beings . 
  on , his prejudice is not justified in any way , i could also say that since i know a spaniard who has never been robbed , then there is absolutely no crime in spain . 
  anecdotal evidence is worth nothing . 
  most likely , or incredibly bending reality to fit their narrative . 
  no , but i live right next to a block of houses of oficial protecci\u00f3n and most of the inhabitants are roma , and i 've never had any problem . 
  i think you missed the part where his account is 8 hours old , exactly the same time that has passed since the rules changed , and he has already posted two articles , one of them from 2010 . 
  if that is not trying to push an agenda please tell me why . 
  allow me to completely disregard a video whose source is `` clips for the counterjihad '' . 
  if you want i can also post a clip of a bigoted francoist spaniard complaining that the romanians are all criminals and make him feel unsafe and treat it as proof of the end of western civilisation as we know it . 
  being xenophobic is not an opinion . 
  the main issue is not his opinions , it is that he is just here to make spam and recruit people for his cause . 
  he is not a member of this community , his only reason to come here is to spam , and for that he makes a new account , and in a couple of weeks he 'll make another one , so he does n't become known for being a shitstain . 
  so this user in his 5 hours of live has already posted two posts trying to push his agenda , how many more does he need to be banned ? 
  edit : spelling ( hir to his ), 
  is it possible to be banned for pushing an agenda in the comments ? 
  like some users who created an account 3 hours ago only to push their agenda in this thread . 
  maybe if there were n't so many racist assholes he would n't need to point it out . 
  you should have stayed in european , we do n't want you here . 
  if you stayed out of the megathread and a few uncommon posts , you would n't see any of this community divide . 
  for me the megathread allowed me to use this subreddit without having to waddle through unending shit . 
  no please . 
  i meant 40 \u00b0 in madrid , i need dat northern weather . 
  galicia has quite a bit more coast , so i am not sure that 's a fair competition . 
  there was a proposal with some lyrics , but i think it was turned down . 
  i am from madrid and i will take the `` harsh '' winter everyday , i just do n't want 40 \u00b0 . 
  well obviously since you asked nicely the front-page wo n't be flooded with people pushing an agenda and xenophobia . 
  most bulls have better diction than rajoy . 
  in spain the ruling party has even been named a `` criminal organisation '' by a judge , due to doing things like you said . 
  `` what will i do with all this pent-up anger if i ca n't torture innocent animals ? '', 
  i have no idea , do you know how that association began ? 
  it seems very random . 
  returning to the homeland eh ? 
  if you keep supporting us like that we may send another lynx your way . 
  no , you ca n't because it is complete bullshit . 
  my grandparents village has a story about a shepherd who killed a snake with a sheep full of sulfur ( and now the mountain on top of the village is called risco de la sierpe `` snake 's mountain '' ) . 
  perhaps this sound familiar to someone here . 
  it very certainly works . 
   so there are unemployed people who can do the same work cheaper ? 
  yes , the ones that where fired from a similar enterprise because the management wanted to increase their salaries and because they could do it very cheaply thanks to the reforms . 
  since they are now desperate , they will accept most jobs with shitty conditions . 
   and why would i fire someone who does good work ? 
  jajaja , either you are very naive or very deluded , the whole reason for these figures is good well paid workers being fired to hire temporary workers with less pay and benefits , or firing someone to rehire them right away as an autonomous worker , for the same reason . 
  if you do n't cater to every whim of your employer out you go . 
  = h you ca n't go to saudi arabia for two years because you have to take care of your sick mother ? 
  tough luck . 
  also , there is not a single enterprise in spain that does n't have at least 5 % in dead weight between family of directives , random retired politicians hired as advisers who do n't do shit or general idiots . 
  it 's a cool museum , they also have some of those panels encased in glass so you can see the interior of the beehive . 
  if you are so bad at hiring that of the people you select to give a job to 92,65 % suck , perhaps you should rethink your career . 
  besides , that was also applicable before the crisis , we are talking about whether there has been an improvement or not . 
  i 'm sorry i do n't have an english source , but for example out of the new job contracts 92,65 % are temporary . 
  on top of that , in the latest labour reform a new type of indefinite contract was introduced , which allows to be fired during the first year without any compensation . 
  the catch is that this type was given the same code as the normal indefinite contract , so in statistics it is impossible to differentiate between the two . 
  in short , it is impossible to know how many of the new jobs are long-lasting , we only know that it is less than 7,35 % . 
  in my opinion this recovery is mostly smoke , and it will burst soon . 
  the problem is that unemployment is n't actually going down , the work is actually just getting redistributed . 
  [ spanish source . 
  ] ( http://laboro-spain.blogspot.com.es/2015/08/contrato-indefinido-apoyo-emprendedores.html ) ( you can snoop around [ here ] ( http://www.ine.es/dynt3/inebase/index.htm?padre=982 ) if you want ), 
  ah , the spanish solution . 
  i see ...
