  as with everything , spain is special . 
  in my grandparents ' village the church still feels the need to ring the bells every hour . 
  do they think people do n't fucking know what time is it ? 
  on top of that , in christmas the town hall decides to blast christmas music at ten . 
  i want to sleep !, 
  thank you , can i pass you a list of things i want to say about the police so you can post them for me ? 
  i do n't want to get into trouble . 
  those absurd ideological differences are quite easy to solve though , it 's as simple as to not subsidise bullfighting , and the problem goes away . 
  it 's not like it is taking time away from other matters . 
  that is not relevant , he is still the head of state . 
  in my opinion , yes they should . 
  i am tired of seeing the sub flooded with inmigration treads . 
  perhaps a tag system that allowed you to hide them would be better , but i prefer this solution to doing nothing . 
  the funny thing is that he did n't use one to link there . 
  aparently it 's not enough to counteract the r/european brigade . 
  also , given the reaction in srd every time shitamericanssay is mentioned , this brigade is going to be short-lived , unlike the racist one . 
  thank you for the context . 
  i always thought that the `` first communion '' thing was because that is the first time you do de communion , and then you do it every sunday . 
  except murcians . 
  you have been here for a while , you knew that it was n't sarcastic , and at this point lack of human decency is to be expected . 
  the current government was fighting against those who came , so it 's logical that they do n't like this . 
  exactly , i took it to mean that reddit only does something when there is a media shitstorm . 
  not that i do n't agree , but i would say that wikipedia is a better deal than an unsourced image . 
   eventually the indoctrination will wear off . 
  i do n't think so , but it will probably die off . 
  and tastier . 
  * poor thing , you are being forced to respect someone , what would be the next thing , free candy ? 
  [ here , have this . 
  * except that he is writing in english , the only difference is that he adds the french version , which i see as a perk . 
  yeah sure , more like : * borders should be closed to : * blacks = +10 muslims = +5 russians = +16 gypsies = +30, 
  true , but those are not all of them , and i tend to prefer to asume the best of everyone . 
  but muslims are . 
  internet = / = real life . 
   spasmically shaking in the ground with foam in the mouth . 
  also , the food is sacred , do n't dare to criticise it . 
  yes , having to offer workers vacation , job security and gasp ! , even sick pay , what a sad state . 
  their policies . 
  i do n't know , but at least in spain no vote  blank vote , so perhaps people are confused . 
  [ some respect please . 
  i imagine they asked to give each leader a grade between 0-10 and the graphs are the mean . 
  because it is a human being that you want to just willingly leave to die in the ocean , and most people do n't want that . 
  come to spain , there is one like that on every roundabout . 
  he 's not an immigrant , he 's an `` expaaaat '' . 
  or do , i personally would n't care . 
  hey dude , that 's not fair , i had a chicken once and he was great . 
   * what ? 
  * ftfy, 
  i love cyanide with my morning cereal !, 
  so third and second to last , i do n't see how he was wrong . 
  corruption high-five !, 
  like iberian buddies . 
  by wanting to participate in a lot of local elections they streched themselves pretty thin , so a lot of the people in their lists come from other parties like pp and upyd , with witch you probably do n't agree nearly as much . 
  besides that , perhaps you do n't agree with them in things more specific to spain , they support bullfighting for example . 
  this is stupid . 
  certainly not in spain . 
  where they filmed them is an actual desert though . 
  a lot of people from podemos have , but i do n't think they use it for anything personal . 
  i 'm sure some of them use reddit in their free time with another account ( especially pablo echenique seems like he would ) . 
  i do n't know if you are an impostor or misclicked while choosing a flair . 
  in other news , the sky is blue and pigs do n't fly yet . 
  not even close . 
  there must be dozens of different versions , i knew `` y don pep\u00f3n lo lava con jab\u00f3n '' . 
  franco , franco . 
  the lyrics , for anyone interested . 
  sing to the tune of the spanish anthem . 
  such a useful comment . 
  perhaps due to the fact that this trade agreement has been brought to public attention , people have started to realise what kind of things are present in trade agreements , and realised that they are against them . 
  the fact that they are commonplace does not mean that they are immune to criticism , and we as citizens need to make informed decisions about important agreements , which we ca n't if they are negotiated in complete secrecy . 
  how deluded are you ? 
  nothing , but perhaps you should keep reading to the part about adolfo su\u00e1rez , juanca did n't want many things to change , he did n't really have a choice , and even today we live governed by the heirs of the dictatorship . 
  thanks to an [ amnesty law ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_1977_amnesty_law ) we have plenty of murderers and torturers from the dictatorship in our police forces , plenty of people do n't know where their murdered relatives are buried , but know that it is possible that their killer is free , and even in a position of power . 
  we have to get argentina to try to investigate the crimes against humanity committed under franco , because if a spanish judge tries to , he [ was ] ( http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltasar_garz%c3%b3n#causa_contra_los_cr.c3.admenes_del_franquismo ) / will be fired . 
  ( sorry for the link in spanish , but the [ english version ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltasar_garz%c3%b3n#francoist_atrocities ) is much less informative ) furthermore , most of the economic elites have ties with the dictatorship , their parents or grandparents helped franco , or they straight up started their fortune through very questionable means during the postwar . 
  the ones that did n't were killed . 
  so today most economical power is set on maintaining the memory of the regime as a utopical fantasy , and making sure that nothing changes in spain . 
  he did n't make the country a democracy , he is the heir of fraco , and hardly wished things to change much . 
  if you want to thank someone go for suarez . 
  `` el doblaje latino de los simpsons es mejor '' ( now i wait for the downvotes ) . 
  it is understandable , the poor things have to choose between three colour-coded buttons . 
  what 's up with the `` aguilucho '' ? 
  yes , calling someone a retard really showcases your rethoric . 
  during the war yes . 
  before that , the republic brought many great ( and very needed ) changes . 
  the fact that you can even begin to equate a democratically elected govenement looking for the well-being of all spaniards to a fascist armed coupe and dictatorship says a lot . 
  do you also call ww2 `` not a black and white conflict '' because of the bombing of dresden ? 
  which is not to say that this is a very complex issue like mistshinobi said , but the crimes commited on the republican side where not done by the governement , there were n't any concentration camps either . 
  the second republic brought many good things , and it can be said without any doubt that spain would be much better of now without 36 years of opression . 
  it is quite sad that historical revisionism can go this far . 
  not saying that the spanish case is equal to greece 's , but the nazis in spain did more than send weapons and troops . 
  they just spur shit , and in the end something will stay in the minds of their readers . 
  [ you are more right than you know . 
  doubt it if it happens in the close future , the republican flag has too many political connotations , but the shield would change for sure . 
  * you must make your mother very proud . 
  i think they do represent a challenge , andaluc\u00eda is not their best feud ( very rural and traditionally conservative ) and they still got 9 parlamentaries . 
  hey now !, 
  europa universalis is a swedish game . 
  it 's only published by a swedish company . 
  i vow for this , i can go back to the vanilla map now . 
  the one that allows you to save money that you can later use to pay your brother in law to build another roundabout . 
  you know , you could at least try to learn the local driving laws when you travel .
