go back to / r/european . 
  let 's choose only hot young people to run for elections , i 'm sure none will realise . 
  except that was manipulated , and the spanish translation had a paragraph tackled on which was n't in the original english version . 
  juncker actually said that this was an internal matter of a member country , and as such it was n't his place to say anything . 
  but good to see that the manipulation worked . 
  that 's just because franco was n't ballsy enough . 
  they are voting now . 
  i like how they gave rajoy the shortest sentence so he would n't screw up . 
  but the article says that 82 graduated highschool . 
  perhaps this is that highschool that is geared towards university ( i 'm not sure if germany has that system ) . 
  i mean , it specifically says that 82 islamists graduated highschool , so i do n't think that that is it . 
  still , i think the most relevant part is that only 80 entered university , and most of them did n't get a degree , out of  400 , that 's not well educated . 
  i do n't ser where they get that many were remarkably educated if out of at least 400 only 82 finished highschool and 80 went to university , out of which most did n't finish a degree . 
  would n't it be the opposite , that almost all of them are uneducated ? 
  churros with chocolate , also after pulling an all-nighter . 
  great , then we can turn away most of the others and house more syrians . 
  so then the system for caching them is working . 
  i do n't see any reason to worry unless there is a lot more being missed . 
  that does n't really mention that it is easy , just that it is possible . 
  without knowing how many people are doing it or how cheap/accessible a syrian passport is we ca n't really speculate anything . 
  what do you mean by easy exactly ? 
  and where did you read it ? 
  well , syria will run out of people at some point for starters . 
  i think those are hindu , it 's just that they reached us through merchant traders . 
  in case you did n't know , all those words come from arabic , like most of the ones that begin with al. 
  well if you do n't want cruzcampo we also have san miguel . 
  mediocre is still way better than non-existant . 
   that does n't work too well in current europe - except for the nordic countries . 
  what makes you think that that wo n't change ? 
  at least in spain the level of english has been steadily improving in the last decades . 
  that 'd be new zealand , which coincidentally would still be the pacific . 
   yes , but on the other hand , they are the most obvious barrier to communication with people from other cultures . 
  why not fix that by having everyone be fluent in english ? 
  no need to eliminate other languages , being bilingual is not too hard . 
   german or spanish culture are not somehow better than american or british culture . 
  yes , but all four of them are better than only two . 
  obviously he would draw the line at german , instead of just spanish and english or say 5 or 6 . 
  the general opinion from people from somewhere else in spain that went to catalonia to study is that it is very easy to pick up , and most professors let you do the exam in spanish anyways , so you only need to understand catalan at first , not write it , which makes it much easier . 
  i have n't met anyone whose mother tongue was catalan and who did n't spoke spanish to the same level as any spaniard . 
  they sometimes make ortographical mistakes when a word has a different spelling in the two languages ( as in with b in spanish and v in catalan for example ) but that is very minor . 
   get leniencies with debts i do n't think it 's possible to get more leniency with debt if you already do n't have to pay any of your debts . 
  it 's not like there is n't historical precedence . 
  100.000 people ? 
  what do you mean 50.000 ? 
  there certainly were n't more than 20.000 . 
  the official numbers say between 5.000 and 34 people , mas and 56 floating heads . 
  well , there is no real reason why la rioja should be a separate thing , and if we manage to give trevi\u00f1o to the basque country and that valencian exclave to someone it should n't look as bad . 
  that was very well put , and i mosly agree with you . 
  as for the 1714 thing , i think the importance that independentists give to it is mostly because the period after that was one of the opressive towards catalonia , so it is seen as a bit of a `` what could have been '' , where if the war had gone otherwise they could have avoided it , even if as you say in the succession war catalonia was n't that relevant . 
  edit : also , while it is true that parties like ciu and pnv have traditionally used their support for the winner party as bargaining chips to get concessions , i do n't think it is fair to pinpoint it to the independentist movement as a whole , given that it was mostly those parties . 
  we do n't want it to be a main sub , that 's the whole point . 
  now let 's not be facetious , he said he 's willing to go there to put the c4 , i 'd say that is pretty brave . 
  also most of the independentist parties are running together , and d'hont favours bigger parties . 
  i 'm guessing you hate the groups you mentioned and like racists then ? 
  report such comments when you see them . 
  you did n't even bother to put a translation , not even with google translate , which is recommended for non-english posts , you just dumped a random news article here . 
  this is certainly low quality content . 
  here is a reason , this is not / r/euromigrationnews , and your post is irrelevant and low quality . 
  literally nobody said that . 
   some of these issues are much easily solved if the migration is gradual and managed , i agree , the problem is that the war is happening right now , so we ca n't tell them `` come back in 5 years , when these other refugees have asimilated/returned to their homes . 
  i think last i heard was that smallpox was erradicated . 
  i imagine the woman was not dead , or else having an interview with her would be quite hard . 
  in that case she certainly is not as much of a victim as the syrian boy . 
  being racist is not an opinion , how many times does this have to be said ? 
  i agree except for a handful of exceptions . 
  i 'm hoping he does n't . 
  so is that not the whole point of the eu and a lot of programs like erasmus ? 
  are n't these the european values that immigrants threaten ? 
  or is it just ethnic hatred and shitty traditions like bullfighting ? 
  subreddit whose only purpose is to be a safe haven for racists , misogynists and bigots , and known to spill over all reddit whenever their feeling get hurt because someone call them out on their hatred , not subreddit i do n't agree with, 
  a lot of their posts are links to here , even if they do n't specifically organize brigades . 
  yes . 
  yes , for very specific subreddit especially if they take part in brigading like european . 
   reward people for existing . 
  oh yeah , that 's some fucked up shit , to give people rewards just for existing , for being human , give them rights just for that ? 
  stop it with your silly power fantasy were you need to protect lady europe from the hordes of people with a different culture . 
  nations change for the better when different people come into contact , that is european values , and darwinism is not applicable to cultures . 
  he does a lot of work to ban spamers and racists and you think that means he should be kicked out ? 
  the one month old account that got banned in your screenshots went to complain to european right away , and posts in the redpill , so this is a far cry from a valuable member of our community being banned by an over zealous mod , he is just doing his duties as a moderator . 
  no , the refugees obviously , how ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm willing to bet that most of those accounts were created just to post the spam , and were very young . 
  the number of accounts banned is not the same as the number of users banned . 
  yay !, 
  so how long untill new new rumasa ? 
  all recent spanish presidents now work at energy companies . 
  i agree with you on the bbc , but being publicly funded does n't protect you for propaganda , just look at the spanish national tv . 
  a city state of ten million people . 
  dude , the smiley means it is sarcasm . 
  and even cozy and friendly is a vast understatement . 
  `` seem '' , i do n't think that that is applicable if it 's true . 
  yes , and she almost got murdered for that , does n't mean that people ca n't change , or that it is even relevant on a local level . 
  you could go the spanish route and add a slice of chrlorizo . 
  some usernames fit like a glove . 
  everyone knows that iraq and somalia are not dangerous countries . 
  russia is the other one . 
  glad you like it !, 
  it was delicious , and also filling as fuck . 
  i once madera ajarian khachapuri , it was very good . 
  edit : here is a pic http://i.imgur.com/ktnpdfl.jpg what do you think ?
