i do n't know when the photos were taken , but there 's no pretty way to do abortion . 
  you have to remove a fetus and sometimes it resembles a child . 
  so yeah , they play on people 's emotions , in this case their conscience . 
  well , that 's their point . 
  it 's like complaining about billboards with children dying in syria . 
  stop , i ca n't look at castille . 
  i meant the administration . 
  eu enthusiasts is n't a pejorative term , so do n't get triggered . 
  most of the people do n't distinguish between these two institutions , you mentioned , they just refer to the administration represented by schulz and juncker . 
  it was just a question to start a discussion and to point out that even if someone criticizes brussels , he does n't have to think that the eu as a form of cooperation of many different nations is a bad idea . 
  i think it 's actually the other way round . 
  many eu enthusiasts see brussels as some perfect institution - almost non human perfect , based on some ultimate algorithm . 
  and every time someone expresses dissatisfaction with it , they take it as attack on the idea of nations living together in peace . 
  brussels is n't 3rd party shady entity , it 's an administration and it should be criticized as much as any other government . 
  downvoting because ... ? 
  ca n't people criticize the administration at the eu level ? 
  is it the anti eu poster or anti eu elites ? 
  is it really inhuman ? 
  why they deserve more to be saved than people , who are too weak to cross the sea or who simply do n't want to abuse the law of the host country ? 
  is n't it inhuman to encourage them to risk their life o the journey to europe with some shady people ? 
  let 's stop pretending to be god and that we can save everyone on this planet . 
  we ca n't . 
  if we want to do help as much people as we can , we have to be efficient . 
  and for the laws , i 'm sure letting all people in and allowing them to travel freely across europe violated many international and domestic laws as well and no one cared . 
  and yeah , as i said , v4 should help greece and italy , but the discussion on the quotas was in terms of the 2015 wave in hungary . 
  it was mishandled and they have all reasons not to take part in it , and they will play it against the refugees from italy and greece . 
  especially after they heard about faked passports , faked age , welfare frauds , rapes on children and women , murders and terrorist attacks , when they were told there are only refugees coming , they will enrich our culture and many other lies . 
  even if it was to make europe friendly and open to people needing help , it backfired . 
  and the last thing , as the guy above said , they do n't really want to stay in poland . 
  if they wanted they would n't travel across europe to germany in the first place . 
  you did n't even try to understand what the guy said . 
  you totally miss the point . 
  germany does n't share any border with syria , it did n't have to take any immigrants . 
  it was a noble thing to let everyone in , sure , but germany did n't even try to stop them . 
  when hungary started to build a fence to introduce a minimal control over the migration wave , orban were compared to some kind of nazi monster , so it 's just an example how europe was willing to cooperate with v4 . 
  and the rest of v4 just watched how germany mishandle the crisis , letting hundreds of thousands unidentified people in . 
  it did n't have to do this , it was its informed decision and , again , that 's great that it helped those people , but there 's no reason to push them out now to other countries . 
  it has nothing to do with solidarity . 
  i have no doubt that if germany needed asylum , v4 would be ready to take all germans in . 
  it would be a different situation , if we introduced quotas , because of the immigrants in greece and italy , coming through the sea . 
  here we could talk about solidarity , because these countries ca n't really stop them , unless they shoot at smuggler ships and that 's a horrible idea . 
  they could however imprison any person illegally crossing the sea and automatically reject their asylum application . 
  that would be at least a step to discourage people from using smugglers ' help . 
  instead we could take already verified refugees directly from war zones or any unsafe area around the world . 
  it would be safer for us and for them . 
  and cheaper !, 
  we would n't have to pay for those , who come here without any right to asylum , spend here over the year waiting for their invalid application to be declined and then wait until there 's a possibility to send them back ( of course if they do n't disappear first ) after we used up our resources on them . 
  instead we could help more people , that are really in danger . 
  but yeah , we just throw money at this crisis , watching how people play kind of ` hunger games ' thing , where only the strongest passes the sea or gets here on foot from another continent . 
  and the weakest are dying in their homeland . 
  no wonder v4 do n't want to take part in it . 
  in my opinion other political parties in poland are n't any better than pis , so there 's no reason polish people would vote for them . 
  a fraud . 
  not fake news . 
  god , what 's wrong with polish people here on reddit . 
  if you consider the influence of communists on the modern elite of poland , i 'd say the situation was never healthy . 
  people can vote for change and fight for their rights in the streets . 
  the next elections are in 2 years - it 's a perfect occasion to do something actually meaningful . 
  oh , i certainly would . 
  in my own country to convince people , who can actually vote for change . 
  not on some international message boards , where people , thanks to european media , already think that democracy in poland is really endangered and kaczynski is some kind of a dictator . 
  what good does it bring ? 
  nothing . 
  at some point eu will put sanctions on poland and it wo n't harm pis , it will harm the people . 
  the funny thing is that every time i see an article on poland , it 's usually some polish guy criticizing their government and few others commenting on it . 
  if i had a dirt on my shirt , i would n't run around , showing people , how nasty it is . 
  it 's politics . 
  they 'd use anything for their agenda . 
  the immigrants are n't actually the top topic in the poland , but it 's hard to restrain from commenting , when we have terror attacks in europe . 
  on the other hand i read about polish problems with democracy all the time in german newspapers , like kaczynski was really some kind of a dictator . 
  as i said , in both cases the situation is much more complicated . 
  yeah , and it 's more than 50 years past nazism , but you can hear about it all around europe . 
  even though i dislike pis policy for many areas , the whole situation is much more complicated and it can not be simply summarized as problem with a strong national identity . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  the strong national identity and the catholic faith were very important in the fight against communism in poland and the fall of communism in this country was also significant to free the rest of east europe , including part of germany . 
  poland had always to fight for its independence , that 's why many people are really careful about it . 
  however there 's no relation between the current government identity policy and the views of polish citizens . 
  they voted for pis , because they were tired with previous tusk 's government and they simply do n't care that much about political correctness . 
  what great chance ? 
  i think people want united europe . 
  they just dislike european politicians and their policies . 
  was n't poland invited too ? 
  on the other hand playing without main players sucks . 
  people tend to repeat their mistakes . 
  haha , sw reference !, 
  if us attacked europe today , do you think we would be able to stop them ? 
  why ? 
  in this case you should n't . 
  you americans have a really strong army and it makes your allies feel safe . 
  you could easily reduce it , just to protect your lands and move the money to the education sector . 
  even if you misuse that power , it 's still the best option for europe to be safe . 
  do i really need to answer that ? 
  the migration policy like sending refugees to different member states was . 
  * sir , you 're the one comparing races here . 
  i did n't say white people are better than brown people or that muslims are bad . 
  it was n't even my point . 
  i meant only the eu and its politicians . 
  so you better check if you 're not the xenophobic one here . 
  i do n't even mind people from other continents coming here . 
  i just want that if my government decided on the migration policy , it should also prevent dangerous consequences of it , especially the most obvious of them - like first checking personal documents then letting them in if they have a valid one .
