  if you add to this lack of any serious discussion on consequences of the mass migration , replaced with a propaganda , contested by the reality , you have the answer why they do n't want to participate in these solutions . 
  of course it would be right thing to help some people on their own , but on the other hand are n't they helping ukrainian citizens already ? 
  and i do n't know how you can speak of the border control if orban got bashed by everyone just for building a stupid fence to control the flow of the immigrants . 
  i believe there 's still some way for the eu to cooperate , but you ca n't force some flawed solutions on people and deny them right to have security concerns . 
  it 's not like getting the old government , the current opposition party , is something good for poland or even better than pis . 
  it reminds me of this meme with cnn news on barron trump hosting minecraft on russian servers . 
  spiegel has probably the most annoying headlines . 
  i 'm sure there always will be someone ready to depreciate death of other people just to make some irrelevant point about the right wing extremists . 
  you 're like the guy from the other discussion i had here on reddit , who was ready to deny holocaust just to describe situation literally , even though it did n't contribute anything to the thread . 
  if he meant that islamic terrorists are active in europe recently , why would you even argue against it . 
  these are people who are ready to sacrifice their life just to do as much harm as they can to as many people as possible , and they can target any place at any time . 
  and then you come with your far right crimes , like it 's not enough that media already make these insensitive comparisons to chocking . 
  that 's just disgusting . 
  what 's the point of all these examples ? 
  is it really that hard to say some foreign cultures cause problems , without naming all of our own sins ? 
  it 's probably the most insensitive thing to do in a thread dedicated to victims of a terrorist attack . 
  why would you take responsibility for someone 's crime ? 
  does your government or the government of poland encourage slavery ? 
  how do you even apply this reasoning to gypsies , who usually form a parallel community ? 
  it 's like saying germans support erdogan , because turks living in germany supported erdogan in the recent referendum . 
  the funny thing is , the guy is from netherlands and turks of the low countries just supported erdogan in the recent referendum . 
  now he makes demands about integrating people . 
  not to mention turks assimilate pretty well into local community , compering to gypsies . 
  on the other hand if nato could fail , just because one country did n't join the war , i 'd say it 's not an alliance , but a protectorate relationship . 
  if even rich countries like germany do n't want to reach the target military spending , i wonder why newspapers go mad about trump and nato , but they are fine with pacifists in europe . 
  but it 's quite convenient to neglect your army , because there 's someone who would protect you anyway . 
  why this picture tho ? 
  what if a member states have concerns about the islamic terrorism and a credibility of a verification on the side of the eu . 
  my point is that when we let everyone in we put our citizens in a very dangerous situation and the eu did n't condemn that . 
  and now when we have countries with security concerns , we want to apply the law really strictly . 
  so you claim it 's okay , when we let everyone in the eu area , no identification , they are free to travel wherever they like and it does n't violate any regulations ? 
  i could n't leave my family in a war zone , so i can spend time learning german and sightseeing . 
  does n't it violate the dublin regulation ? 
  and with the policy of letting everyone in without identity check also many other regulations ? 
  that 's true , and if it 's a problem , you should close your borders . 
  but it 's not fair to compare a mutual agreement to the current crisis . 
  do they deny that climate changes ? 
  [ page 79 ] ( https://www.afd.de/wp-content/uploads/sites/111/2017/01/2016-06-27_afd-grundsatzprogramm_web-version.pdf ) - they admit that the climate changes already in the first sentence . 
  to me it sounds more like they are trying to marginalize the issue and of course i disagree with it . 
  but it 's not something that would disqualify them from the discussion on other problems , and if these problems are more important to some people , this party is a valid choice for them to represent their point of view . 
  only the far right attraction worries me . 
  the opinion is about how to react to results of the science and about priorities . 
  it 's not a problem , it 's just a different opinion . 
  i do n't agree 100 % with any party but it does n't mean they do n't have any other valid points , we should consider . 
  i really like her . 
  i watched few interviews with her and she seems to be a clever person . 
  the only problem with parties like afd is that they attract also radical people . 
  but it does n't mean it would bring anything good . 
  the article was posted on economist.com . 
  fortunately it does n't contrast young and old people explicitly here , but it still fits into the pattern , that is present in the international journalism at least since brexit . 
  i said that equality values are n't part of right-wing rhetoric , but the other side , the one , that accuses them of racism , tend to dehumanize groups of people themselves . 
  this discussion tree was n't even about right and left wings , it was about journalists . 
  the other guy brought populists into it for unknown reason . 
  did you just describe the economist as a loud minority ? 
  and i still do n't know what 's the point of naming right-wing analogies . 
  it 's not like it gives anyone the right to dehumanize people . 
  because ` populists ' do n't shout ` liberte , egalite , fraternite ' and then just mark old people as second-class citizens . 
  yeah , they also use it to comment on elections/referendum results to describe people with an unpopular opinion as bigots and racists . 
  and they prove their point by dehumanizing old people and those without a higher education , implying they should n't have the right to vote . 
  because the quotas were introduced after the wave in 2015 and people in eastern europe see it as a shifting of the responsibility for the migration policy back then . 
   a syrian woman on board said she had traveled through six countries to reach libya , paying $ 1,000 in each and leaving two sons aged 12 and 13 behind in jordan . 
  leaving two small kids on the other continent , when you have $ 6000 ... 
  no , because it wo n't happen . 
  we have people , who commit acts of terrorism for isis . 
  and i do n't know what to answer to the rest of your post , because i 've already said i want strict borders and it ca n't be achieved with 5 soldiers as you noticed . 
  you sent two videos of terror in libya and turkey , i could send you another two from europe . 
  not to mention that the policy of letting everyone in can bring even more of it . 
  and the situation you described just shows that we do n't control it and that 's my point , that we should start to do something about it . 
  we should strictly deny any right to stay here everyone , who passes the borders illegally . 
  instead we could support camps outside europe and take identified people directly from africa and asia ( or from any other place in the world ) after we make sure that we have capacity and resources for them . 
  these people do n't cross the mediterranean sea from syria . 
  no one is chopping off their heads in tunis . 
  they cross the sea , because they believe someone from europe will help them and they will have a better life here . 
  they had 1:269 chances for death in 2015 , in 2016 it was 1:88 , but i doubt these people follow any statistics . 
  you ask how should we arrest over 1 mln . 
  people . 
  the same way we take care of them now , when they arrive . 
  let 's hope that if we start enforcing borders , the numbers will drop . 
  we have to do something . 
  what if the next summer or even the summer in 5 , 10 years we get even bigger number of immigrants and the situation gets really unstable . 
  we will be forced to answer these questions anyway , so let 's better do something about this problem now , when it 's easier . 
  they would n't if we arrested them for crossing the border illegally . 
  we arrest them and prosecute them . 
  for the 3rd time - i do n't care about her . 
  i care about over 10 mln . 
  people , who voted for her . 
  i 'm not sure if risking life is the best way to escape death ... 
  they try to kill themselves , because they know someone will help them . 
  we ca n't let them play hunger games and welcome winners with a premium immigration program . 
  it 's wrong . 
  i 'd treat them like any other person , who tried to cross illegally borders . 
  name few , please . 
  i just love this kind of argument . 
  le pen nationalist - no bueno , dehumanizing people because they do n't have higher education - liberty , equality , fraternity . 
  again , i do n't care about her . 
  i 'm talking about over 10 mln . 
  people , who voted for her . 
  did le pen have some racist slogans in her campaign ? 
  i do n't care about her . 
  i 'm talking about the voters , who had their reasons to vote for her .
