  because they do n't want muslim immigrants ? 
  it 's a security issue , it should n't be enforced on any member state , if there 's a chance , it would endanger its citizens . 
  and as much as i disagree with the way the government treats other democratic institutions , even though i understand why pis does it , i believe , that as long as people have right to vote and protest , it 's really not worth it to make them happy with sanctions . 
  let 's have a multi-speed europe , but let 's not go against millions of citizens . 
  local politic is n't that simple . 
  you usually have few relevant parties in elections and neither of them is perfect . 
  people in rich western countries have it easier , because they are provided with decent welfare , so they do n't have to worry that much about their choice . 
  we have a player for castile from the last game . 
  but lithuania was on the list and someone removed it . 
  same for burgundy . 
  why did n't the same happen to aragon then ? 
  lithuania has also poland , sweden and ottos as neighbors , so it leaves space for the diplomacy . 
  that 's what this multiplayer game should be about . 
  i did n't invalidate the rule , the official claiming spreadsheet did it . 
  it contained burgundy , aragon and lithuania player already . 
  and it still does contain aragon next to castile . 
  the rule actually brought more imbalance , because it allowed france to trigger bi to inherit all low countries . 
  quite counterproductive . 
  if we had lithuania , there would be no plc , so no threat to russia , no need for the rule . 
  and as you noticed in other two cases it was useless and brought even more imbalance . 
  i blame you , burger king . 
  so the rule was useless ? 
  it did n't bring balance last game , did it ? 
  i 'm against banning anything . 
  arathian , we just finished the game , where france inherited burgundy and castile did n't even manage to form spain , being useless for balance , and you know it . 
  and there would be no plc , if we had lithuania player allowed . 
  on the other hand , these rules try to set a path for majors to become even bigger . 
  what 's the point ? 
  in my opinion we should strive to have as many average countries as we can , so there 's a balance and we have less predictive game . 
  it 's also an opportunity for smaller countries to become important in the region . 
  if we do n't have all majors from 1444 by 1800 , the game will still be interesting . 
  burgundy and aragon players are especially vital for west europe , as they make the diplomatic situation much more complicated than just england-france-spain . 
  burgundy unlocks many possibilities for local players to form the region through alliances and wars . 
  aragon can also be something more than just early game pu bonus for castile - and i 'm saying this as castile player in our game . 
  what 's more important , it allows more people to play in europe and we already had players for all of these countries before you enforced the old rules . 
  we had discussion about it in discord and virtually everyone was against this rule . 
  so my question is , what is the point of introducing something , that most people do n't want in the first place . 
  i personally have nothing against other rules . 
  and i also wanted to thank you for hosting previous sessions and i am sure you want this game to be fun for us , but if you could consider the issues i mentioned here , many people would appreciate that . 
  thanks !, 
  and help enemies of france . 
  campaign / r/europe, 
  why do we have these forbidden countries in the player list then ? 
  i could n't agree more . 
  the internet becomes more and more important part of our life . 
  sooner or later we 'll have to introduce some kind of control for social media , where you can post something and reach millions of people instantly . 
  i just hope we wo n't go too far with controlling people online activity . 
  i 'm not sure if turkey with erdogan is the best example , even thought the same logic applies , but it 's definitely true for the eu member states . 
  we have a freedom to vote and go out on the streets to protest . 
  as long as people have right to do it , no one from brussels should tell them how to run their country , except for maybe some really extreme situations . 
  it 's just like you said , it 's used against the eu by local politicians . 
  and honestly , it 's not hard to do , because if people have a choice between someone , who was elected directly by them and someone who was elected indirectly and lives in some distant country and has never been in their province , talking to normal citizens , they will trust the first person . 
  there are other things the eu can do about problematic countries . 
  in polish elections the migration crisis and the idea of the quota system were deciding factors . 
  and both of these issues have n't even affect poland yet . 
  afd in germany also gained popularity , when things with immigrants did n't go well . 
  i 'm not sure about other countries , but i guess that most right-wing parties gained some boost after 2015 . 
  and even if i would n't say that our culture have to dominate anything , we would definitely benefit from a strong european identity . 
  we 're enforcing our culture on immigrants anyway . 
  it 's called integration . 
  if we did n't believe we are better than others , we would n't do it . 
  it seems to be really popular among people , who do it as a part of their culture . 
  there are plenty of videos of mass circumcisions on yt . 
  to me it 's shocking , but for these people it 's probably just a happy religious event . 
  1 petry per second . 
  orban needs friends somewhere and we know what most of the eu thinks of him . 
  turkey on the other hand is a powerful country , not that far from hungary , and erdogan will stay around for a while . 
  not to mention we have to cooperate with him to solve migration crisis and as a partner in the nato . 
  what 's the point of the criticism , if we wo n't do anything about it . 
  it 's more like they 're against the same side . 
  the link you provided . 
  i 'm out . 
  ** did you even read it ? 
  and what are you trying to prove with it ? 
  because this comments tree is about guy , who tried to make poles feel guilty for ww2 . 
  do n't worry , i lived in poland for years and i never met a single person , who would say that she does n't like jews . 
  it is partially a bigotry . 
  on the other hand the migration crisis was n't handled well , so there 's no reason why people should be positive about it . 
  i 'm genuinely happy , you realized some basic historical facts . 
  holocaust does n't refer only to the extermination of jews . 
  maybe that 's the reason you were n't aware of other ww2 victims . 
  what , should i provide you with sources to prove that there were polish citizens dying in german death camps across the country ? 
  if this was a discussion on some other topic , i 'd surly do it . 
  but if you partially deny holocaust , i 'm not going to this . 
  instead , i believe you should take your time to do a solid research on holocaust . 
  i really mean it . 
  because it 's not a matter of opinion , you basically have some false image of the ww2 . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm reading this in 2017 . 
  i do n't even understand why some people try to deny poles were victims of nazis . 
  it 's terrible . 
  you read again . 
  if you follow this guy 's logic , one could say that israel should n't exist . 
  you 're making it about the scope like it 's not important , that millions of people died , because they were just a fraction of the whole population . 
  what 's more important - you commit indirectly to the first guy 's comment , who implied polish people had something to do with holocaust . 
  and honestly , this is sad , when we have a tragic event like holocaust and someone tries to make victims responsible for it . 
  here we go . 
  german denying death camps . 
  or maybe people just do n't like when someone tries to fake history , implying that it was poland 's fault that so many jews died in this country . 
  not to mention polish people suffered the same fate , so it 's almost as stupid as denying holocaust . 
  you wo n't win even with one billion of them , if the other three are already here .
