  i never said she won , but there were over 10 mln . 
  people who voted for her . 
  you ca n't just ignore them and celebrate the democracy . 
  le pen not only managed to get to the 2nd stage of presidential election , but also gained support of 1/3 voters . 
  if someone really cares about europe , he should find out why people voted for her and try to solve the issue . 
  i think 33 % is a little too much to call them extremists and move on . 
  yeah , i literally reported all of the comments in this thread for being fake news . 
  people talking about some coalitions and the countries that do n't even exist anymore !, 
  people wake up , russians are behind the fake news here !, 
  but they already have their country , where they live . 
  it 's not like they have cruise on international waters of mediterranean sea . 
  the part ` does not work when we 're talking about a few hundred thousand people ' implies that you think it could work under certain conditions . 
  people who cross the sea illegally , should be arrested and send back as soon as possible . 
   and no , `` we setup checkpoints at the border ! '', 
  does not work when we 're talking about a few hundred thousand people . 
  you 're the one , who mentioned border checkpoints , so you probably know better if we can set one in atlantis . 
  if you 're not ready to have a serious conversation , why do you waste people 's time with your infantile jokes . 
  they will stay outside the eu . 
  that 's what borders are for . 
  i honestly would let everyone in , even whole africa , if we only could control the situation . 
  the safer way is to take identified and checked people directly from their countries , not only from syria , but from any place , where people are in danger . 
  if we ca n't control these thousands people , maybe we should n't let them in and maybe we should start to help them in some safer way , knowing our capabilities . 
  as much as i do n't want to have any referendum on death penalty in my country , i 'm not sure if the ban will solve the original problem of people , who would vote yes like they did in the last one . 
  and no , i do n't think we should send them back to turkey , because they have n't integrated well . 
  if they have european citizenship , it means their opinion is as valid as opinion of any other german or dutch citizen . 
  if we do n't allow them to vote , they wo n't change their mind . 
  they might be even more in favor of death penalty , because someone tried to force them to be against it . 
  there 's also a little bit of hypocrisy in it . 
  we take in millions of people from africa and asia from really conservative , religious countries , where , just for instance , homosexuality is punished , and people want to deport our own citizens , because they vote for some other backward law , existing even in the usa . 
  i can guarantee oral sex for everyone . 
  if eastern europeans are racist , putting there millions of even more backward people from africa does n't sound like a solution . 
  i 'm not sure , but there is plenty of other countries available , even in the hre . 
  i hope you 'll join us next weekend !, 
  cool , that you actually took your time to fight them . 
  i hope you 'll join us in the next session again . 
  thanks !, 
  i would n't call that racist , but i agree that these are not the best solutions . 
  however , if fences help to control the flow of people , we should build them . 
  it 's all about efficiency . 
  it sounds bad in this context , but it should be understood as efficiency in helping . 
  i do n't want to start another discussion about immigrants here , but in my opinion it 's about a security of citizens and it should be a top priority to any government . 
  if polish one agrees with me , well , i can only be happy , even though i would n't vote for them . 
  if majority of member states is unhappy with poland , let 's renegotiate how the eu works . 
  maybe it 's time to end subsidies , so countries like germany could keep their money for the immigration from the outside of europe . 
  but sanctioning people , so they do n't vote for pis to make them happy in our subjective point of view is counterproductive . 
  not to mention a political situation in any country is usually complicated and sometimes it 's just voting for the lesser evil . 
  [ if you 're going to reply to this , please , try to have some respect . 
  i take my time to explain my point of view to you . 
  if you disagree with it provide arguments . ], 
  in my opinion the way migration crisis in 2015 was handled is the main reason why poland says no to everything now . 
  there were many discussions about it , so i do n't want to start another one here . 
  i 'll just say that from the polish point of view , it went like this : the immigration wave came , orban was trying to secure the border with a fence , and he got bashed for it by europe , then germany let everyone in and the eu is trying now to force quota of unidentified migrants . 
  and the whole system is really slow , people wait over a year after they apply for asylum and when they do n't have any right to stay , they have to wait another months . 
  not to mention regular terrorist attacks . 
  i know they 're statistically insignificant , but who wants any terror in his country . 
  basically , money is n't an issue here . 
  the safety of citizens is and that 's why i believe it 's wrong to enforce anything in this area . 
  but i do think that something should be done about the situation in countries like italy or greece . 
  on the other hand all reasonable solutions would be labeled as racist , so it 's a lost case . 
  i agree with your last sentence , but what do you want to do ? 
  expel a country from the eu , because people vote for pis ? 
  it 's not like there 's a domestic war in poland . 
  on the other hand there 's a state of emergency in france . 
  i do n't understand why that 's not a top priority for the eu . 
  well , i 'm not going to defend people , who violate law in other countries . 
  if they are really causing a lot of problems , it would be right to close borders and introduce some security check . 
  however , you ca n't say the local migration in the eu is the same as the immigration from outside of the eu . 
  polish people do n't cross borders illegally . 
  poland has an official agreement with other member state that allows polish citizens to move around europe and european companies have access to a cheap workforce in poland and the polish market . 
  it 's a deal between partners . 
  you mean that we should push a government , elected just few years ago by polish citizens , by sanctioning these people to make them ... happy ? 
  the judges of the constitutional tribunal worked with the parliament on a new law , that would allow to appoint more judges than po actually could appoint . 
  they finally passed the law , but when pis won elections , it invalidated it and elected its own judges . 
  then the constitutional tribunal decided , that both laws are unconstitutional ( including the one , they helped to create ) . 
  the former president of the tribunal , rzeplinski , admitted in tv that the previous law was n't actually good . 
  but it probably would n't have happened , if pis never won elections . 
  i 'm not here to defend them , i 'm just pointing out that brussels had no interest in polish democracy until they got a government with different view on many issues . 
  actually i think its relations with the eu are n't actually something that would appeal anyone . 
  well , ok , the migration crisis is an exception here , but it 's just one thing and it was quite controversial issue in whole europe . 
  pis was the biggest opposition party since it ruled a decade ago . 
  people were tired with the old government and its scandals . 
  new liberal parties stole voters from po and pis gained plurality . 
  it 's just like with any other country . 
  there are some bigger parties people vote for and voters flow from one to another from elections to elections . 
  this time won pis . 
  people does n't care that much if the party is left-winged or right-winged . 
  they just want to have a good government . 
  what mainstream media . 
  as far as i disagree with the way they handle democratic institutions in poland , the previous government did exactly the same , electing more judges than it should . 
  no one in europe had any objections back then . 
  there were many other alarming issues with the previous government and brussels did n't take any actions , even though pis was pointing them out . 
  donald tusk , our previous prime minister , even became a president of the european council . 
  let 's not pretend it 's about people . 
  it 's politics . 
  people can vote , can have opinion and they can protest . 
  do we want to make them happy by sanctioning them ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  sources ? 
  sure , poland needs the eu more than the eu needs poland , but if brussels could use it somehow , they would already do it . 
  i 'm not even sure why would anyone put sanctions on poland .
