  but it 's pretty reasonable for the hungarian guy from this comment tree to say he does n't want to live next to muslim community , especially if he was gay and the people came from the country , where they would punish him for his sexuality . 
  and i hate when people come with these arguments , that we have the freedom of religion , some international laws , agreements , etc. , because they do n't derive any solution from it , even though they face its flaws . 
  no one would complain if just one muslim family moved to his neighborhood , because it would n't affect local community . 
  unfortunately it 's not how it works . 
  and yes , it would be worth considering to prevent eastern europeans to come to western europe , if it could significantly endanger some minorities . 
  but even if the acceptance of homosexuality in these countries is n't high , most of them do n't have any laws against gays and the situation there is still much better than the situation in africa or asia . 
  i 'm quite sure the country punishing homosexuality would n't even be able to join the eu and the free movement agreement . 
  any sources on innocent civilians ? 
  it 's not like someone is going to force islam on him . 
  but because muslims from africa and asia have strong identity , they influence local culture . 
  and it 's not really about islam , even though christianity as a local religion is of course more preferable for europeans . 
  but we put a lot of effort in separating the church and the state , so we can introduce more liberal laws and allow people to live the way they want to . 
  but if you start to move millions of zealous muslims from countries , where they had really oppressive laws , it 's really naive to think they 'll drop their believes , the moment they arrive in europe . 
  we just recently made a great progress with homosexual rights , even though there 's still a lot to do for the safety of gay people . 
  and how safe can homosexual person be in the neighborhood of people , who just came from the country , where they would be terrorized for their sexuality ? 
  it would n't surprise me , if at some level someone actually had this policy . 
  especially if you consider how migrants are handled in other areas of state administration like judiciary . 
  it 's a little naive to think that there are some authorities not influenced by state policies and their source ideology . 
  by christians he probably means europeans with christian culture , not necessary the religion . 
  most of these people do n't even visit church anymore and are less likely to impose some conservative rules on local community . 
  zealous muslims from africa nad asia can reverse the process of the social secularization . 
  actually even christians in africa are zealous and introduce horrific laws in their countries , but they 're minority anyway . 
  what do polish people want to do with brown people ? 
  as far as i know they actually do n't want to have anything to do with them . 
  if bloody wednesday was a terror act , then french resistance was a terror group too . 
  why is n't it as important as the judiciary ? 
  it 's the purest form of discrimination based on gender . 
  as i said , the age part was unnecessary , because there are other more important issues , that should be highlighted , if the eu really starts some procedure against a member state . 
  it 's important to have a clear intent to avoid unnecessary discussions . 
  they go after retirement age , but it was already like that , when poland was joining the eu . 
  not to mention there are probably many other countries having different retirement age for different genders . 
  this was unnecessary and it will make the case look like they just want to punish poland and not because there are some serious issues related to democracy . 
  i just noticed the op is from poland . 
  i 'm not even surprised . 
  poles on reddit are really weird people . 
  pis leads all polls and it 's rather unlikely to change . 
  as much as i dislike the way they govern , if the president was as active as he was yesterday with his ultimatum , it would be really good option for poland . 
  if pis loses now , old government comes back and there will be no reforms and no punishment for people , who abused their power in the last decade . 
  it 's called nuclear for a reason . 
  i 'm sure we can , but some people do n't want to . 
  this is perfect . 
  if they 're immigrants , we should n't relocate them . 
  i do n't like politicians of pis , including macierewicz , but this whole thing looks fake to me . 
  no one treats these accusations seriously in poland , otherwise the opposition parties would talk about it every day for a year like they do about everything that can damage the government 's image . 
  it looks like the whole news started with tomasz piatek 's book about macierewicz . 
  well , a guy is a detective fiction author , who worked for years for main anti-pis magazines and this looks like something written on demand to hit the government . 
  basically this news recurred here on reddit after it was originally posted with faz as a source and as i said it 's unlikely it 's true . 
  death penalty is nothing , but a murder . 
  this and anything that would endanger some part of member states ' citizens would be a valid reason for the eu to act . 
  but as long as people have right to vote and protest , going against a legally elected government will only backfire . 
  [ they would be welcome anyway . 
   ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/apr/10/independent-scotland-would-be-welcome-to-join-eu-say-green-meps ), 
  and one of these things would be giving up on reforms for polish people that did n't concern the eu ? 
  they wo n't have to mark the eu as an enemy , if you punish citizens with sanctions , because they vote for the wrong party . 
  every member state does , so ? 
  and how does it affect your life ? 
   commentators often ask , what will europe do about poland 's swift slide into autocracy ? 
  why should europe do anything about it , if polish citizens do n't want it ? 
  why i 'm not even surprised ? 
  he would love to see uk falling apart , because the eu would benefit for it , but if it 's spain , then it 's no bueno . 
  i heard the same , when scotland wanted to declare independence back when uk was in our team . 
  this x of europe posts were actually cool . 
  you could learn something about other countries and the pictures are the best way to do it . 
  i usually browse it on my mobile phone and it goes smoothly . 
  maybe we could just limit it to some days and allow only quality topics , i do n't know . 
  if you want more cancer , read german newspapers . 
  if they already chose this doubtful way to repair the courts , i hope it 'll work . 
  it 's not like someone could stop them , so let 's hope for good results . 
  source ? 
  omg , i love this picture with erdogan and a singer . 
  i see a lot of german flags . 
  it is indeed ironic and that 's what i always use as an argument when discussing the migration on polish websites . 
  one thing to note is that we share in europe the same history of our continent and many bad things that happend to some member states in the last century were caused by some other member states and they are one of the main reason , why there are so many eco . 
  migrants from countries like poland . 
  should n't rape survivors visit a doctor anyway ? 
   bogus\u0142aw sonik , a member of the polish parliament ` sejm ' for the opposition party civic platform  today , many accuse the others of becoming traitors , of not being poles . 
  very heavy words , indeed . 
  and , the government of the law and justice party builds on such a division , exploiting the mistakes made by the former governments of civic platform . 
  ` mistakes ' is a really moderate word to describe what they were doing . 
  i was always skeptical about accusations coming from politicians of pis , unconvinced with their white-black sharp rhetoric , but they were right so many times , i started to take seriously what they say . 
  after last 2 years news about ` populists ' i thought i know everything about them . 
  i 'm gay , so they ca n't touch me . 
  it would be homophobic and render the phobic paradox . 
  examples of me denying them the right to self-determination ? 
  my post with ' i do . ', 
  - i denied them the right to self-determination . 
  if she was alive , she would marry me . 
  i love your comment . 
  examples of what . 
  i do . 
  i 'm hungry . 
  i 'm not sure , if she could work in poland , because * iirc * poland did n't exist back then . 
  maybe russians would consider her one of them . 
  i was just reading an article about it . 
  nice timing . 
  i like this picture , but [ this is my favorite one ] ( https://r-scale-81.dcs.redcdn.pl/scale/o2/tvn/web-content/m/p1/i/515ab26c135e92ed8bf3a594d67e4ade/c7625e30-2cf8-4363-a4a2-df6a95ba67d6.jpg?type=1&amp;srcmode=4&amp;srcx=0/1&amp;srcy=0/1&amp;srcw=970&amp;srch=645&amp;dstw=970&amp;dsth=645&amp;quality=80 ) . 
  can you name nationalist goals they would achieve with a museum in auschwitz ? 
  muslims in france are n't french ? 
  i did n't say she promoted abortion . 
  just the title of this article disturbs me .
