  i 've never heard about her before , but reading comments here i got impression , she was a great person and it 's silly to introduce her as an ` abortion pioneer ' . 
  not only it sounds like abortion was something positive ( hence my first comment ) , but an abortion pioneer from auschwitz would fit better for someone from the death camp staff , not a prisoner . 
  9 months old fetus is a baby . 
  if you killed a baby right before the birth , would the situation still be so obvious to you ? 
  if someone 's called an abortion pioneer , i 'd say it means the procedure is something positive . 
  religion is one thing , but on the other hand i 'd use the phrase ` abortion pioneer ' to describe some guard from auschwitz , not a prisoner . 
  ` abortion pioneer ' does n't sound like a compliment . 
  dude , i named you several reasons why they did n't vote for him and you still think it was to make the eu angry . 
   would it be a consolation if i said that from the news , the two parties both sound rotten ? 
  would it , if donald tusk is president of european council now ? 
  it 's not only about the constitutional tribunal . 
  there were also spying on journalists , questionable elections , leaked tapes with disturbing conversations . 
  people protested and if i recall correctly pis even voiced their concerns in brussels , and the eu still did n't care about any values . 
  there was no insinuation about a death penalty . 
  i really mean it , it would be right thing for the eu to sanction poland in case they tried to introduce it again . 
  it was covered by media , but does the eu did anything about it ? 
  they even elected donald tusk for president of the european council . 
  as i said , it 's about politics , because schulz et al. 
  are politicians just as members of polish government , so let 's not pretend it 's really about values . 
  but of course , if someone tried to legalize death penalty in poland i would be first to get help from brussels . 
   i believe we 're also straying from the original point that you asked on what grounds i said that they 've been using the eu as a `` punching bag '' and `` scapegoat '' . 
  now those two terms mean that polish politicians in that case used political attacks against the eu perhaps for domestic political gain , but i would like to note that this is not the same meaning as you would think of for perhaps a country like the us and russia , where this takes the form of aggressive rhetoric . 
  in this case , it is a use of the eu as a boogeyman to deflect criticisms of their actions . 
  i was waiting whole time for you to name how poland actually uses the eu as a punching bag or a scapegoat . 
  so the quoted fragment of your comment is finally an answer . 
  and you 're wrong , pis does n't use the eu to gain popularity in their country . 
  their rhetoric is just an answer to comments from brussels and it 's not surprising , because after all they all are politicians . 
  of course pis might profit from it locally , because people see that some foreign politicians threaten poland , even though there 's nothing disturbing happening in their country . 
  it was n't really clever to start a war with a new government right after elections and claim that there 's some democracy crisis in poland . 
  and if you ask me , if it does n't mean anything to me , how pis handles things - of course it does . 
  in 2 years next elections take place . 
  if there 's really a crisis , people wo n't vote for them , but for now they have 41 % in recent polls . 
  if the eu brings some sanction , they will affect polish citizens , not the government . 
  is n't it something contradictory to force democracy on people by punishing them ? 
  and even if pis lost elections , it would mean that poland gets the previous government , which is probably even worse , but you would n't hear about them much in international media , because they are pro eu . 
  you start more and more topics :o . 
  you can read about the problems with private local media in the article you provided . 
  i 'm not sure if their solution to this issue is right , but the situation is n't good . 
  it sounds quite logical to get these pills from a doctor , just in case , if you 're sexually active . 
  [ the law on the constitutional tribunal by po ] ( http://isap.sejm.gov.pl/detailsservlet?id=wdu20150001064 ) is from june 2015 , not from december , when they still were in power . 
  it allowed them to put more judges into the court than they actually should . 
  the latter law by pis cancelled it and on the other hand they elected more judges than they should . 
  and of course the eu did n't take any action against po , when they played with the tribunal , but when pis won the elections a few months later , they suddenly started the offensive . 
  many different politicians from brussels made some remarks on poland , so it turned into typical political discussion between opposite parties . 
  and that 's why as long as citizens have right to vote and protest without any repressions , there 's no reason for the eu to get involved , because it turns into political games and does n't have anything to do with values . 
  about the next 2 articles you provided : i 'm not here to represent pis and they are not even related to your words about scapegoating and punching bags . 
  if i had to comment on them , i 'd say the speech of the pm in auschwitz was unfortunate , if people understand it as a reference to the migration policy . 
  as for the eurocorps , there are only 5 member states and few associated nations ( including poland ) . 
  even austria and finland are n't associated anymore , even though they were in past . 
  why ? 
  do you realize the former government formed by members of po , the party of * donald tusk * , did basically the same thing with polish constitutional court and the eu did n't care ? 
  even the former president of this court admitted that it was against the constitution . 
  tusk also did n't say anything back then , but he was eager to criticize pis later and support his own party . 
  so it was rather obvious , that they wo n't vote for him to stay as the eu council president , if he continues to behave as if he was still a member of the opposition party in poland . 
  of course other countries do n't care about domestic affairs in poland , so they voted for him , but for polish citizens tusk as one of the eu leaders does n't mean anything good . 
  and i have no idea how can you blame the government for some accident with some drunk guy . 
  not to mention he 's already prosecuted . 
  anything else ? 
  or anything actually related to the eu as a * punching bag * or a * scapegoat * ? 
  name few , if you do n't want to list all of them . 
  how did poland use the eu as a punching bag ? 
  what developments ? 
  as far as i know , poland pays more to russia for the same gas , so the transition fees might balance it . 
  could someone tell me , if it would be a problem to simply buy these pills before a sexual intercourse just like other birth control pills ? 
  the problem is that people do n't vote for politicians like orban or marine le pen , because they are twisted deviants , who would like to be oppressed by an authoritarian regime . 
  the domestic politics is always complicated and what would an average citizen gain , if he voted for some pro eu party , if it was corrupted or if it was neglecting some local serious issue . 
  orban is a leader of one of the eu member states . 
  you do n't have to agree with him , but unless you do n't want to ignore hungarian citizens , you have to talk to him . 
  and of course polish government needs some allies in the eu to oppose ideas bad for poland , so they turn to orban . 
  and the recent polls show that it has support of 41 % of polish citizens . 
   the governments in poland and hungary fear that further political integration will endanger the illiberal regimes they have put in place , ( ... ) this article is just another proof that international journalists and politicians still do n't understand the situation in poland and how it defines the relations between brussels and warsaw . 
  poland does n't want to listen to the arguments of we and we does n't want to listen to the arguments of poland . 
  of course ee wo n't win with countries like germany or france , so the problem should be gone after few years od decades , but it 's not healthy for the future shape of the eu and for its legitimacy in member states . 
  could you stop telling people who should leave the eu and who should not ? 
  are you always so involved in discussions with people on the internet ? 
  it 's not healthy . 
  try to read the first comments again , it might help you . 
  i 'm not sure what 's the point of this conversation if you got lost after the word ` fence ' and you repeat yourself . 
  i 'm not advocating that a fence is the best solution , i just wanted to point out that if someone actually tried to protect borders , he got criticised and it contributed to the policy of open borders . 
  on the other hand , fence could be useful to help soldiers to control the stream of people and lead it through some gate , where some basic information could be verified . 
  we know no one wants to use force against others , so this kind of infrastructure might help avoid it . 
  i did n't try to prove that fences are the best option to secure anything . 
  i just wanted to point out that when someone actually tried to do something about borders , there was an opposition . 
  why should we stop them from claiming asylum ? 
  i do n't know why you repeat yourself over and over , if i already told you a fence is just a tool . 
  if you want to put some soldiers on the border , a fence does n't stop you . 
  and really , it was n't my intention to prove that fences are best way to secure borders . 
  it was just an example for the situation , when one country tried to do something about borders and it got labeled as nazi . 
  it does n't matter here if fences are effective , they 're one of the common options to control a flow of people and it 's silly to claim they 're useless . 
  on the other hand the eu army would be useless , if there was n't any willingness to stop people at the border - and that 's why i mentioned allowing random people to travel across the eu . 
  no one says a fence is an ultimate solution to the issue . 
  it 's just one of the tools , a valid one . 
  it 's like saying prisons should be open buildings , because having a patrol is enough . 
  it 's naive . 
  and it still does n't give any reason to describe it as a nazi solution . 
  and you actually say it 's ineffective - how effective was letting everyone in and then allowing them travel freely across the eu ? 
  and you say now that if we had a patrol , it would prevent people from crossing the border . 
  again , it 's naive . 
  the eu would let everyone in and force-relocate them to member states - and that 's the solution mr. juncker has in mind . 
  unless you do n't suggest having a soldier every 5 meters along our borders , i say a fence is a good start .
