  it does help to solve the issue . 
  if you need to control a flow of people , it 's easier to make same entry points than hunt for them across the country . 
  when orban wanted to build a fence to secure borders of the eu , he was described as nazi . 
  people still make jokes about trump 's wall . 
  i guess that 's what defines the policy of open borders . 
  lol , i watched it and i feel like i want this right now . 
  what if you hurt my feelings and i 'm a fragile boy . 
  if something is described as a sin , it 's pointless to expect someone to believe in his god and coexist with gays . 
  https://euobserver.com/social/22128 that 's from 2006 . 
  if it does n't mean accepting terror attacks as everyday danger , i agree with you . 
  it 's good you do n't let them influence your life , but the idea of putting terror attacks in the same category as a everyday life danger worries me . 
  steps do n't get satisfaction from a mass killing in the name of some holy war . 
  i spent a lot of time in frankfurt , munich and hamburg , i always feel safe , but when i plan the new year 's eve in paris , it 's hard not to be a little worried . 
  i could of course avoid these thoughts , but what 's the point if the danger is real . 
  it wo n't go away if i do n't think about it . 
  you have to be a little careful in crowded places . 
  and i 'm not sure if it 's good to keep living in denial , like there 's nothing wrong with the situation with terrorism in europe . 
  you better check youtube , because there 's plenty of videos of mass circumcision with kids much older . 
  and their parents are as happy and as satisfied with circumcised penises as you . 
  and this pointless surgery with a chance of serious complications will be done every generation . 
  they just like you think it does n't matter for a kid , because it 's too small and it wo n't remember . 
  there 's nothing wrong with being circumcised , if someone needs it . 
  people get a surgery even at age of 20 and it goes well for them , they 're not traumatized . 
  but they do it , because they want and need it , not because someone force them or there 's a cultural pressure . 
  but hurting someone 's body , especially child , without any valid reason is an abuse . 
  even if it seems innocent , because it 's part of a culture and parents do n't mean anything bad . 
  so you admit you do n't see a problem with unnecessary surgeries on children , because you are influenced by your situation . 
  it 's like when people advocate that corporal punishment in their childhood was a good thing , because they claim to have a better character now . 
  it was long time ago , they do n't remember it and now it does n't matter anymore . 
  and of course no one hates their parents for that now . 
  in this sense if i was circumcised as a 6 y. o. child , i would n't care at my current age too . 
  but it 's just wrong to hurt a child 's body without any reason . 
  if you parents wanted you to be uncut , your father was uncut , would you prefer to stay uncut ? 
  so it should be banned , but you recommend it for yourself ? 
  germans love to use hyperboles when they comment the situation in other countries . 
  i ca n't take this text seriously , when they call a democratic referendum a fatal decision and they claim that allowing citizens to vote over the future of their country was something to please some fanatics from cameron 's party . 
  it is an argument people use here . 
  what about electric shit . 
  the other problem with the pipe is that it could block the development of polish ports , preventing ships from entering them . 
  there was already a case in an international court in ... hamburg ... and they dismissed the case without a reason . 
  this argument is really popular here - we ca n't send them back , because it 's against the international law . 
  yeah , these damn christians from europe , blowing up children at concerts and starting own countries to kill all infidels . 
  what 's the problem with transporting gas to germany through poland ? 
  and that 's what i meant . 
  it sounds like it does n't matter if there could be a terror threat , because there 's dangerously anyway . 
  i 'm not sure , if it 's okay to compare dangers of crowded place to terror attacks . 
  polish government says they do it to protect the country from terrorism . 
  because people see the quota system as a continuation of a migration policy from 2015 . 
  unless we do n't have full control over our external borders , people wo n't believe it 's a just one time thing . 
  it 's not about ending the eu , but forcing something against a country with a population of 38 mln . 
  wo n't do any good to the integration process of the union . 
  if so many people have security concerns and you ignore it , it creates a really bad pattern for centralized europe in the future . 
  as someone who moved from poland to germany and had unlimited lte internet , minutes and sms for 25 $ i can really feel this 6 between poland and france . 
  is there someone who does n't want it ? 
  in my opinion poland should do two things : try to present the immigrants from ukraine as some kind of refuge migration , because there 's a war in their country ; and the second thing would be to start their own asylum program , they do n't even have to take syrians or even muslims . 
  you forgot that the border control provides safety - one of human rights . 
  the controversy comes from the fact , that half of the czech citizens oppose the eu 's plans . 
  i say it 's a lot . 
   the main cause for concern cited by the swiss judges was a piece of legislation passed by hungary in march that stated all asylum seekers had to stay in closed container camps on hungarian soil or had to be brought to processing facilities in remote areas between serbia and hungary . 
  i thought it 's a normal procedure to keep people in a closed facility , until they are verified and get asylum or are sent back . 
  why do we even still have any borders ? 
  are n't we subsidizing our coal mines anyway ? 
   the brexit referendum and the u.s. election opened our eyes . 
  europeans must take more responsibility for our own security , some plans were and some were [ inspired ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-eu-defence-germany-france-iduskbn1910h4?il=0 ) . 
  if we speak about europe , we alienated him before he even became a president . 
  for now he 's most likely to get what he wanted , so let 's not overdramatize with this falling off a cliff , because i noticed it 's really common when someone talks about trump . 
  and if he actually fails as a president , i 'll be first to admit it and be happy about it , because i 'm sure he wo n't bring anything good to this world . 
  but the real question is , why could n't we put priority on our defense before some jerk from the other side of the atlantic ocean told us to do it . 
  these plans you can read about recently sound really good . 
  why ? 
  there are some nice plans for cooperation between germany and france to have an efficient army . 
  yeah , it 's really funny , because he asked the nato members to spend more on army , everyone was outraged , and yet you can read about some funds , the eu talks about creating an army for the continent , and canada also plans to increase their defence spending . 
  the performance maybe was a disaster , but i 'm not sure about the results . 
  he demands more defence spending from the nato members and you can read in the same article that canada is planing to spend more on the military now . 
  the eu wants to form its own army , i guess it implies some spending as well , or whatever we 'll do , the aim will be to strengthen the continent . 
  i know trump 's speech was n't nice for allies , but serious question now - did n't it actually work ? 
  it 's not like anyone wants to leave nato or say no to help from the us in case of the war . 
  oh , yeah , england is no bueno anymore . 
  we prefer china now , because everybody knows that they are not only most earth friendly country , because of their solar energy plants , but they 're also an example of democracy to whole europe . 
  why do we even post this stupid magazine here ? 
  well , if the article is based on spiegel , i 'd say something hostile enough to excuse the depreciation of the problem of the terrorism in europe to comment current politics on the cover of the magazine . 
  and supporting brexit is n't a hostile action against europe , unless we consider the majority of british citizens hostile . 
  calling germany a bad guy after all he heard about himself from europe is n't even worth commenting . 
  import taxes ? 
  nato ? 
  isolationism is n't a hostile action , neutral at best . 
  does he force anyone to do it ? 
  if any member state goes for it , it would be its own decision . 
  did n't the eu club tell him what they think of him before he even became a president ? 
  no wonder he 's not a friend of them now . 
  and you ca n't deny the us the right to make best trade deals for themselves , lol . 
  he 's a president of american citizens , not european . 
  how ? 
  so you have only your own theories and no example on any hostile action of trump against europe ? 
  so he 's not a threat to europe ? 
  it 's not like previous us presidents did n't start any war . 
  has trump done anything dangerous so far ? 
  does spiegel know that ? 
  the funny thing about spiegel and some other german magazines is that they constantly underline how unimportant trump is and that no one treats him seriously , and yet since he won , they report on his every single step . 
  polish citizens are against the immigrants , because of the policy of letting everyone in back in 2015 and the quotas , seen as a way to share these hard to identify people and as a procedure for a constant relocation , without any plans to control the migration in the future .
