  it does n't cost much and has to be done sooner or later , does n't it ? 
  * and just one more word to comparing white and other races . 
  the problem is n't the color . 
  it 's about helping people from other continents in the way that wo n't endanger citizens of the eu ( does n't matter if they are white , black or brown ) . 
  you can say everything in the eu is something member states negotiated between them . 
  * sure , but it does n't mean we should n't treat current problems seriously . 
  * i did n't mean the reason for attacks . 
  i meant how we make their job easy . 
  why do you insult me ? 
  you could n't do anything if your neighbor lived next to you most of his life , but if it 's a guy coming from outside the eu , [ pretending to be 17 y. o. child from afghanistan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_w%c3%bcrzburg_train_attack ) , you probably would n't want him to live next to you . 
  i can agree with you on reduced child poverty . 
  you 're right . 
  on the other hand we had terrible migration policy last few years and it 's right to question it , so politicians do n't get away with their bad decisions . 
  sure , having the full office fighting terrorist cells costs . 
  but not letting in thousands of unidentified people in the eu certainly does n't cost trillion dollars . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_w%c3%bcrzburg_train_attack ) 's for example a guy who came as a refugee to europe and ended up as a terrorist . 
  he lied about his age and origin country to get asylum , he even was by foster family . 
  i could look for more examples , but if it 's so easy to pretend to be an underage refugee , it 's not that hard to imagine isis using this trick to get to europe . 
  so you say it 's totally safe to let thousands of unidentified people in the eu area and just hope nothing bad will happen ? 
  it 's not the strategy i expect from the government . 
  not to mention it actually lead to many crimes , not only murders , but also rapes on children and women . 
  of course they 're only the fraction of all eu citizens , but if the politicians made some decisions on the migration policy , it was their responsibility to protect their own citizens from their consequences . 
  if we talk about the recent terror attacks , they had their origin in the migration crisis and that 's how the eu and member states failed to provide security to their citizens . 
  saying that 's just emotional baggage simply relives politicians from the responsibility . 
  the difference is that heart diseases are natural . 
  the acts of terrors are intentional and their purpose is to kill as many victim as possible , causing fear in the society . 
  the problem in this case is that it 's not about fighting some phenomenon , but to prevent it , because the recent terrorist attacks had it origin in how the eu and member states handled the migration crisis . 
  did i say anything about terrorists ? 
  but if you already mentioned them , do you really think it 's right to compare the act of terror , that has only one purpose - to intentionally kill as many people as you can , to something like heart attacks or car accidents - things that happen unintentionally and there 's not much to do about them than maybe educate people on safety ? 
  ok , if we only consider wars then sure . 
  the question was not if europe is a safe place , but if the eu provides security . 
  and i 'd say it 's more country level effort . 
  i thought about letting thousands of unidentified people into the eu area . 
  security , lel . 
  on the other hand international media keep using misleading phrases like ` polish death camps ' , making it looks like polish people were running some genocide facilities parallel to german camps . 
  and there are people like mr gross , mentioned in some other commentaries here , who claims poles killed more jews than they killed germans . 
  if you consider how many polish people died in death camps and how nazis destroyed the whole country , causing it to end up as russian satellite state , it 's really unfair . 
  it almost sounds like poland had some policies against jews in general during the war and it 's simply not true . 
  there were institutions like council to aid jews formed by polish resistance . 
  not to mention jan karski , who was reporting to western countries about holocaust . 
  prime numbers are more than okay . 
  yeah , i was disgusted when people blamed old or uneducated people for brexit . 
  in my opinion it 's even worse than racism . 
  maybe they 're overlapping . 
  it looks more like one dot means 1000 people . 
  it would make sense with cities like moscow . 
  sure , because real new users spawn with 5 y. o. account . 
  maybe next time try with arguments . 
  4k people is n't much . 
  frankfurt is n't a big city , but 4000 people is still not much ... 
  yeah , so maybe few hours on one day , and few on another . 
  why does this constitution have more than 5 words . 
  i 'm sweating . 
  it 's really pointless to play less than 4 hours , considering that we have to rehost the game so often . 
  and it would be a great idea to have a shorter game during the week . 
  if everyone from the last session was able to join game on the same day , i do n't see any reason why we should n't do it . 
  i checked the [ pinned posts ] ( http://imgur.com/a/x5mgb ) and i did n't find any save file . 
  it looks like the place where you would want to live and not at the same time . 
  probably because of all this travel companies ' commercials . 
  dude ... 
  the problem is that poland does n't really have any other alternatives for this government . 
  the second biggest party ( that used to rule for 8 years lead by tusk ) is weak and got really ridiculous after they lost their power , so not many people want to vote for them . 
  and pis is n't that bad in domestic affairs . 
  not worse than tusk 's party for sure . 
  oh , come on . 
  tusk was using his new position to support his old party in poland . 
  how is he supposed to cooperate with governments , when he acts against them ? 
  of course the polish domestic affairs are n't important to other state members and pis should n't have pushed that so far , when they knew they 're going to fail , but let 's not pretend they did n't have any reason for that . 
  not to mention tusk is an average leader . 
  i totally understand it and agree with it . 
  i 'm just saying it wo n't work . 
  when you learn a new language , you do n't necessary start with words you 'd use at the construction site . 
  not to mention how hard is sometimes to understand a native speaker . 
  i do n't know if they would stay in their countries , they probably would n't need to . 
  most companies would probably introduce some easy language test and let them speak whatever language they wanted as long as they were ready to work for a money they offered them . 
  what i meant is that most people who are willing and able to spend their time learning other language even at a b1 level ( especially if it 's not english ) are clever enough to find an average job in their own country , close to their family and friends . 
  it 's not the case for everybody of course , but not many people would sit with books to learn dutch just to spend whole days at the construction site or in the production hall . 
  if someone spoke two languages , he would n't do shitty job in the first place . 
  it 's not exactly true . 
  yes , they lead in polls , but i would n't say it 's because of the new social support program ( which turned out to be a good idea after all ) . 
  it 's more like after 8 years people got tired of the other big party ( the one tusk used to lead ) and they support pis now . 
  and the current opposition after it lost its power , it got really ridiculous and not many people want to support it . 
  since nothing really changed in everyday life in the country , there 's no reason to vote for someone else ( at least for now ) . 
  back when tusk was a pm in poland , the current government was the biggest opposition party . 
  you can imagine they do n't like each other because of that . 
  but what 's more important here - tusk were using his new position to support current opposition ( his old party ) , which is something he should n't do . 
  his job is to cooperate with all governments , because they represent citizens of member states . 
  but of course no one really cares about polish domestic affairs , so other countries voted for tusk , even though he was rather an average leader . 
  i do n't know however , why they played so hard , even though they knew from the beginning they will fail . 
  it 's better to prevent by fighting the origin of the problem and you ca n't do it , if you do n't investigate cases like this one . 
  they were for 8 years the biggest opposition to tusk 's party . 
  there 's no point to speak about neutrality . 
  not to mention tusk is involved in ongoing investigation in poland . 
  he 's not officially a suspect yet , but the case is related to the time , when he was the pm . 
  of course from the other countries ' perspective it 's not important . 
  if i were part of the polish government , i would n't want him to be reelected too . 
  he should 've stayed neutral in the conflict between the eu and warsaw . 
  on the other hand other eu countries wo n't understand it and pis will get even more alienated in europe . 
  and that 's why i said it 's not even about islam . 
  there are christian countries in africa as well , where homosexuality is punished with death penalty .
