  probably a breakdown of a share of their weekly household income and culturally they give like we in the uk chase cheese wheels or talk about the weather . 
  why would n't we play that card ? 
  we are playing that card . 
  we 're playing that card , right ? 
  if you take everybody who is anti-symmetrical one way , and average them out with everybody who is anti-symmetrical another way , and keep averaging it out , then your ` average ' face is going to look very smoothed out and symmetrical i.e. 
  handsome . 
  was going to say , we 're going to have to consider old burma a part of the extended family too . 
  it 's a similar thing with the economic freedom index . 
  i look at it and what the kids are doing and think it 's time to stop nursing one continent and to get back out there . 
  show them we 've not lost it . 
  get back in the top 5 . http://www.heritage.org/index/ranking, 
  the arab league . 
  we 'll continue with financial contributions of course as long as it goes into the camps and we get to spend it on food , medicine , shelter , logistics , paying medical professionals , and as long as the camps are open to charities and observers . 
  for a start you do n't want to encourage any more to come to the eu illegally and to begin a trek through the balkans or to arrive on european streets . 
  [ winter is coming . 
  ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/ap-eu-warns-of-refugee-catastrophe-as-winter-closes-in-2015-11 ) if they start making that crossing in winter even more are going to die . 
  and when you say they all regulations it 's actually around 10 % - but that 's still much , much too much . 
  some voluntarily adopt more . 
  http://icelandmonitor.mbl.is/news/politics_and_society/2015/10/21/iceland_has_adopted_10_prosent_of_eu_laws/ it 's not just that they 're not eea , it 's that none of the main leave campaigns are even advocating the eea exit . 
  they 've actively ruled it out . 
  voteleave said this : `` david cameron wants vote leave to commit to the ` norway option ' . 
  we have not and will not . 
  after we vote leave , britain will negotiate our own agreement - we will not just take one off the shelf . 
  many countries around the world and in europe have a free trade deal with the eu without being subject to the supremacy of eu law . 
  britain can do the same . '', 
  http://www.voteleavetakecontrol.org/151028_campaign_news leave.eu released this statement : `` britain is the 5th largest economy in the world . 
  we are six times larger than norway . 
  of course we can negotiate our own uk eu trade agreement . 
  why does the prime minister lack the confidence and self belief in britain 's size and place in the world that he thinks of us as a minnow ? '', 
  https://leave.eu/en/news/2015-10-28/leaveeu-comments-on-david-camerons-norway-option incidentally switzerland did n't leave the eea in 1993 , membership was never ratified . 
  they initially applied but had to put it to a referendum which did n't pass . 
   the regulation in the eu allows more trade , though , to take place . 
  it facilitates trade inside the eu , it 's share of the global market is diminishing year on year and has been trending downwards for over 30 years . 
  part of that is because of emerging economies , yet we see the us holding their own market share in this regard . 
  the eu is massively over regulated , precisely what they were preemptively warned about as early as october 1988 , long before the launch of the single market . 
  it 's become exactly what they were warned it should n't be if it wanted to remain globally competitive , and has gone precisely where they were warned the uk would not want to follow . 
   without it , you 'll see other barriers to trade cause a reduction in trade beyond simply the tariff duties . 
  we have wto regulations and protections . 
  there can be legally no barriers beyond what already exists between the eu 's top 3 trading partners , and 13 of their top 20 . 
  not only are we looking at an average 8 % reduction in the cost of living almost immediately , we also have the harare declaration . 
  an announcement of intent to promote free trade between 53 countries accounting for over # 10 trillion of global gdp . 
  they 've already signed up to it . 
  when you say a reduction in trade there 's such a thing as the commonwealth effect . 
  `` in percentage terms this corresponds to a commonwealth effect of around 50 per cent for imports and around 38 per cent for exports . '', 
  that is that not only is there lower tariffs to be had , but greater intention to trade between members - and yet we 're having to operate from within a customs union , not making full use . 
  https://thercs.org/assets/uploads/trading-places-the-commonwealth-effect-revisited.pdf  things like differing regulations on can sizes , vehicle requirements , etc etc etc. 
  we see a lot of that between the us and canada . 
  things like vehicular regs tend to come down to the eu from above , it 's just another level of bureaucracy , but essentially if we want to trade with the eu companies will meet their expectations much as if we want to trade with china , or india or malaysia . 
  personally for all it costs them to write up this bureaucracy i 'm happy to let them pay for it and to use their can sizes as a norm . 
  i think they 'll do a good job . 
  i think we 'll have lower operational costs so they 'll be buying our cans in their sizes - but i 'm fine with that . 
  i 'm also fine to follow the singapore example and to simply scrap tariffs as par of the course for as low as they currently are . 
  we 're talking roughly 15 % of uk business for approximately 8 % of uk gdp , whereas currently we have eu regulation applying 100 % and we ca n't reduce our own trade tariffs or make our own free trade deals outside the eu , our growing markets . 
  deregulation stands to make us a lot more competitive on the global market . 
   for example with regards to regulations of greenhouse gasses , or employment regulations , etc. 
  some of these regulations have been positively regressive in their application . 
  we 're closing down steel works and coal plants which produce a third of the emissions per tonne of steel as the ones in china that are picking up demand . 
  and the product is inferior . 
  we have surgeons who are saying that because of limitations placed in the workplace we have people being promoted to chiefs of medical departments with levels of experience that used to be a minimum to be on the staff . 
  legislation on information and consultation hits small businesses disproportionately hard - coming out of the pms own office no less - https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/cut-eu-red-tape-report-from-the-business-taskforce/cut-eu-red-tape-report-from-the-business-taskforce  i appreciate your very reasonable debate by the way , you raise good points even if i personally would not necessarily want them . 
  nice of you to say . 
  thank you . 
   true . 
  but that will mean things will likely become more expensive in the uk not at all . 
  the opposite actually . 
  tariffs have come down so low through the wto that the uk contribution would be a fraction of the uk 's direct contributions to the eu , let alone the indirect costs . 
  we 're talking on average 1-2 % duty , well within parameters to be offset by streamlining excessive regulation on smes and cutting back on some of the more expensive directives - the top 100 of which themselves are three times what the uk 's tariff contributions would be . 
  cap subsidy itself is n't designed for uk farms which are 5x the eu average and more efficient . 
  using new zealand fishing and australian agriculture as an example the uk could expect a drop in the average weekly food shop by 17 % . 
  if the uk then decided to make further savings it could start producing energy a lot cheaper by removing eu green tariffs which the outgoing eu commissioner for industry their self described as creating an `` industrial massacre '' . 
  from direct contributions alone we could take # 400 of everybody 's council tax bill . 
  if we scrap the landfill directive , which we still use but we tax ourselves to do so , council expenses will come down again . 
  [ * leaving actually means reducing the cost of living in the uk . 
  that 's one of the big draws , a modeled 8 % drop in the cost of living on day # 1 !, 
  * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bqg4_2uv4si )  and the economy will likely do worse on the whole . 
  when the institute of economic affairs ran the 2014 brexit competition they found that the studies were finding that in the short term the uk would more likely than not experience a very slight additional growth around 1 % of gdp , but in the more medium to long term could expect to recover an additional 10 % to gdp from a process of deregulation . 
  it 's not just independence for independence 's sake , although that is a big part of it . 
  it 's also that we are stuck in a customs union , with increasingly excessive and costly regulation , and the eu directly and indirectly is causing both wage compression and increasing the cost of living . 
   i suppose the exit group have a plan for joining the efta or eea . 
  all of the main groups have rejected the eea as a lesser option . 
  they have all opted the wto-fta option as preferential . 
  vote.eu , voteleave , global britain , better off out , the for britain groups . 
   i do n't understand why anyone would vote to leave the eu but remain in the eea . 
  they do n't . 
  none of the main groups support the eea option . 
  david cameron used it as a strawman . 
  proper border control is a major discussion point ; the eea option does n't provide proper permanent border control . 
  when david cameron raised both the two main groups dismissed the option . 
   we would negotiate something along the relationship that the usa or canada has with the eu , which is partial free trade . 
  that 's the wto deal . 
  the uk already has that with the eu if we left . 
  we 're already a signatory . 
  the uk would be trading with the eu as a most favoured nation through the wto : precisely the same way the us and china currently does . 
  thirteen of its top twenty non-eu trading partners use the same system . 
  all three of its top three ( of which the uk would become second ) . 
  now if the eu could endorse it , that could be beneficial . 
  not that they have to , but has the commission offered any sign of approval ? 
  funniest part was watching george osborne who was in china at the time try and contain his laughter when journalists asked him about it when the story came out . 
   a single guy can decide what policy your govt implements not at all . 
  somebody representing a large conglomerate shorted an exposed currency , but you seem to think that 's all there was to it .
