the thing is these particular limits were arbitrarily chosen with no scientific lead . 
  it 's a problem for the uk too where parts of east anglia and the wash have naturally occurring high levels of nitrates which means if they stick to the rules they ca n't farm efficiently , even though it has been farmed for centuries , had their own nitrate safety levels , and no health risks . 
  it 's good in the sense that they 're upholding rules . 
  it 's bad in the sense of productivity , livelihood , science and cost . 
  it was a limit introduced by the rubber stamp factory so they had something to rubber stamp . 
  we just need to name it something else and then everyone will be happy . 
  cameron is toast if he loses the referendum and it will almost certainly be someone heading voteleave , given that over two thirds of the conservative membership are backing leave . 
  some conservatives are even indicating that he 's history either way because they only need 50 conservative mps to trigger a leadership contest and the predominantly pro-leave membership is going drag him over the coals if they end up staying in . 
  there 's already 150 or so mps that know most of their careers are practically on hold for going against him and supporting leave , so they 'll be writing and anonymously depositing their letters requesting a leadership contest with the conservative 1922 committee . 
  they wo n't just have a say . 
  they 'll have both a mandate because that is what the debate will be framed around and how the referendum will be argued , is being argued , and they 'll have office . 
  and it 'll be the foreign office that negotiates it . 
   i 'm not saying i agree with him , but these are the facts . 
  wrong , those are not facts . 
  you 're assuming against all odds that cameron will be allowed to stay on . 
  there 's no chance . 
  they 're not even talking about it in hushed voices in back corridors anymore . 
  senior members of the 1922 committee have even gone on record saying that his renegotiation on the uk 's eu deal was so weak he 'd have to go anyway . 
  they need 50 names , or 15 % of conservative mps , and cameron 's gone - the conservative membership is going to be demanding blood . 
  http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/news/politics/6949024/senior-tory-mps-vow-to-knife-pm-if-he-loses-eu-referendum.html there 's open speculation now on who is most favourite to follow him , and one time front runner george osborne , a remain advocate , is now in fifth position with conservative members . 
  the top three are all in the leave camp : gove , johnson , fox . 
  leave candidates have 71 % of the support , and there will only be two candidates put forward to the membership . 
  a leave candidate is certain , and they 'll carry over two thirds of the vote . 
  http://www.conservativehome.com/thetorydiary/2016/04/gove-tops-our-future-tory-leader-survey-for-the-first-time.html i contest your `` facts '' , sir . 
  they 're wobbly and misshapen . 
  the official leave campaign has already ruled out the norway option . 
  did so some time back , and have been saying so ever since . 
  `` david cameron wants vote leave to commit to the ` norway option ' . 
  we have not and will not . 
  after we vote leave , britain will negotiate our own agreement - we will not just take one off the shelf . 
  many countries around the world and in europe have a free trade deal with the eu without being subject to the supremacy of eu law . 
  britain can do the same . '', 
  http://www.voteleavetakecontrol.org/151028_campaign_news you 're actually repeating a david cameron attack line , and a line being pushed by the remain campaign , which is trying to project something onto the leave campaign which they do n't stand for . 
  they 're saying they 're looking at the wto-fta option . 
  no ecj , no eu directives , no freedom of movement of labour - ruling out the eea . 
  if the uk votes to leave i 'll guarantee you now that letters from pro-exit conservative mps will be flying into the conservative 1922 committee . 
  that 's the internal party committee that determines the party leadership . 
  if 15 % of conservative mps write in to the committee an internal leadership contest begins . 
  at that point the pro-exit conservatives will put forward their candidate and ultimately the party membership votes on who will take over - and it 's estimated that over two thirds of actual conservative members are pro-leaving the eu . 
  so it 's almost certain that the next leader of the conservatives and pm until at least 2020 will be someone from the leave campaign . 
  at that point whatever david cameron 's administration has argued for in the past become echoes in the wind , and you 'll have a very different looking and feeling conservative cabinet making policy . 
  you 'll also have a far more vocal parliamentary opposition . 
  they 're been a little reserved in attacking or criticising the eu , but they 'll relish going over every dot and comma if it 's a conservative government doing the negotiation . 
  that , and any deal that is negotiated by the uk will be held a lot more accountable and receive a lot more public coverage in the uk than anything that happens at an eu level . 
  anything as controversial as ttip , whether right or wrong , will always be discussed in the context of what it means at the ballot box . 
  politically there 's a level of national indemnity when agreeing to something as part of a 28 national bloc . 
  people expect concessions to some extent . 
  if you 're agreeing to a deal 1:1 you better address people 's specific concerns or they 'll pull you over the coals . 
  when the dairy farmers wanted to protest the restrictions affecting their earnings , or called for people to boycott buying it in the supermarkets until they got a fair price , they protested by giving their milk away for free to win public support . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-dairy-protests-idustre58f4kg20090916 just sayin ' , ladies ... 
  it 's not scaremongering to say we maybe should n't be in a club where its members display such animosity to us and ca n't wait to see us fail . 
  i do n't think we are going to fail and that we will have to come crawling back , or that we 'll have to make more capitulations and pay greater contributions . 
  * that 's you saying all that !, 
  * and it 's not my vote that you 've swayed , but that sort of rhetoric will sway votes because it does n't sound very friendly and will make people question whether they were welcome or even appreciated in the first place . 
  but please , keep it up ( and i 'll keep voting you up ) . 
  because i think the uk does have a better future outside , or at least more opportunity to seize - but that 'd be up to us and i would n't want it any other way - and that we can continue being friends with our european counterparts but as neighbours and trade partners , not tenants or people that share governmental buildings or civil service . 
  i think it will be a positive experience and we wo n't be crawling back with out tail between our legs - but again , please keep with line of rhetoric that i 'm scaremongering that there 's nothing to fear by taking control of our own destiny for ourselves whilst wishing everybody else the best of luck . 
  it 's not scaremongering if it happens or , indeed , has happened . 
  it 's part of the mass of the argument that must be distributed onto the scales and weighed . 
  so yes , whilst it has taken a darker turn , it is quite justifiable for voteleave to raise these issues without it being scaremongering . 
  people need to know that this is part of deal . 
  people who have legally served their time elsewhere being allowed in even if they 're not rehabilitated . 
  one of the important things to do is to look at the recidivism of the other countries which being in political union with means . 
  https://twitter.com/vote_leave/status/714855159940182016 that said the electoral commission is supposed to finalise by tomorrow so we are supposed to have a decision whether the more negative voteleave or typically more populous grassroots out campaign will receive the official designation . 
  because from their perspective what you consider as good about being in that trading bloc which is actually a custom 's union , they consider bad . 
  and the bad that you might consider about being outside , they can consider good or are indifferent towards . 
  the good in their opinion is part of being part of some large bloc and striking a compromise between 27 others to make one trade deal with another . 
  it 's having the flexibility to lower our own tariffs and negotiate 1:1 which we think we 're good enough to do without worrying how it 's going to affect mediterranean textiles or the francophone movie industry . 
  people that like the eu like the political union aspect , and think it would be bad thing without it . 
  they like the regulatory convergence . 
  those that want to leave the eu tend not to like the political union aspect and would care to keep the government closer to them and more answerable to them alone , and where they are happy to see less regulatory burden on smaller and medium sized enterprises than what is more easily lobbied for by larger corporate types in the eu . 
  it 's horses for courses . 
  a simple fta or watered down trade deal might seem like thin gruel to someone who thinks on the eu warmly , but to someone that feels cooped up in the eu it feels like rubbing the wrist after the manacles have come off and the door has been left open . 
  seriously , as someone that has , shall we say , ` leanings ' towards a uk exit , please , please keep up with this line of rhetoric . 
  more talk like that but from more prominent people and it 'll put points on the leave vote 's campaign . 
  who wants to be in a club where its weaker members ca n't wait to have their foot on your neck , to revel in capitulation , and who rub their hands at the prospect of more of your money ? 
  get back to me when you have freedom of movement with central america , and when you share the supreme court with them . 
  or when you have qualified majority voting with latin america . 
  you 're comparing european nation-states with us state lines . 
  both the leave campaigns bidding for the official campaign designation , which allows them to spend the most money by a long way ( 100:1 if a remember correctly ) , have distanced themselves from the eea option and are favouring a wto-fta option . 
  when they had a cross-party ` synod ' at europe house in london on the 10th february to actually discuss brexit strategies before the official designation was announced , the one person they did n't even invite to be in the audience , let alone speak , was the one person who had once been a researcher for the ukip ep parliamentary group ten years since and who was advocating an eea-hybrid . 
  immigration controls regularly poll as the most pressing concern , and all the major players declaring themselves as out are at some point referring to the need for the uk to determine who can come to the country to work or reside . 
  there is an attempt in the uk to confuse matters by constantly referring to the norway solution , led in no small part by david cameron himself , but as soon as he had first announced it , on a visit to iceland , both the two main leave campaigns at the time rejected it out of hand . 
  it was raised by a civil servant addressing the house of commons on friday just gone . 
  it too was shot down by conservative members attending , and they themselves also identified themselves with a wto-fta . 
  when there was a parliamentary select committee taking expert testimony they too were told that a wto-fta option was preferable with the emphasis on the wto and an fta aspect only really to serve certain special interests like the automotive industry . 
  everybody still with money in the game from the leave camp is going down the wto route with a willingness to negotiate an fta or to keep some tariff parity . 
  even the ` nobody knows ' tact is being more played by the remain teamsters , because for those following the leave camps are talking about it a lot . 
  but they will only really come out with the official strategy once they 're unified under a single official campaign as named by the electoral commission , much as in the scottish independence campaign they only came out with the post-independence white paper quite late into the process . 
  do you remember the guy they pulled in to replace him whilst he was at the presidential meetings and running a national campaign ? 
  the [ guy ] ( http://www.votewatch.eu/en/term8-john-stuart-agnew.html ) that has one of the highest attendance ratings in the eu , who rather than being someone who does n't know anything about anything other than being elected was actually a union representative for farming and fishing , that had worked professionally in the industry ? 
  the guy who regularly voted two ways , lauded the eu when it was right , but who spoke out when it was wrong ? 
  the guy that brought people from the industries into consultation meetings from the industry even though they disagreed with him on some things , but where the eu committee decided to boo them out on principle ? 
  to stop a more informed opinion . 
  go and look and some of stuart agnew 's videos in committee - he regularly applauded good measures , tried to correct the bad , and then even took his own earnings beyond expense to pay for a page in his local newspaper to relay the news to his constituency . 
  he was the person they replaced him with in the last session . 
  and even after this stalwart had been put in place on fisheries , for all the eu declared it needed radical reform themselves , the deal they delivered after years was still declared [ `` fundamentally flawed '' ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-scotland-north-east-orkney-shetland-25308303 ) by uk fishermen , despite all the votes in the minority . 
  and then the eu even said they would n't enforce the new measures they 'd put in place regarding dumping . 
  uk fishing , devolved to england and scotland would be a huge boon because it is simply a fact that the local communities would be able to look after their own communities better , or attribute their quotas to the betterment of the community - which is a major reason why iceland and norway has seen their support to join the eu , handing over their fishing rights , dissolve . 
  and what do you consider india 's international growth market as ?
