  because the eu-india trade talks stalled over mediterranean textiles , and all they wanted to do was talk service industry with the northern european economies - specifically the uk . 
  and every indian graduate studies in one language , all their courses are taught in one language . 
  and it aint urdu ... 
  so when 70 % of our economy is in services , a 24h global market , i 'm quite confident that if where the eu ca n't as 28:1 find a common ground , then as 1:1 the uk might go a little ` global ' . 
  considering the uk already bailed out the irish banks even though they were n't contractually obliged to do so , by including them in the uk bailout , then i hope you do have the best of luck going into the next euro downturn , the ez not having gotten out of the last . 
  and i mean that genuinely . 
  best of luck with that , but the uk will actually be there for the republic of ireland even if it ca n't fix its currency . 
  that i hope there will always be help forthcoming from the uk for the roi . 
  the rest of the eurozone is going to be an a considerably bigger mess . 
  you make it sound as if we want to enforce another raj !, 
  we 're talking about trading under wtos , and then progressing with an acknowledgement towards free trade under the understanding that every commonwealth nation has no power of attorney , no rule over the other , no political union , and every national vote counts as 1 . 
  the uk even volunteered to cover half the entire administration costs of the commonwealth on the grounds that there was no political union , and it costs the uk less than three weeks gross in the eu to do so . 
  they all signed up to progress free trade under the harare agreement . 
  it requires them to pursue civil government and universal schooling . 
  it 's actually closer to what the eu should have been , but you do n't have to even be a commonwealth member to join . 
  the benelux states would n't be faced with the issues it does if the eu had kept closer to benelux standards rather than expanding . 
  and they 'd be better for it . 
  the eu states should have formed its own commonwealth instead of the bigger eu project . 
  it 'd be bigger and stronger for it . 
   opening up a video and seeing 2 hours more to watch tends to lead to it not being watched . 
  i did time-link them for you . 
  you 'd be better watching the whole thing ( s ) , admittedly , but i did make it easier to watch both within a ~ 5 minute combined window . 
   that said is n't looking just at the tariff in average hitting 0.1 % of uk gpd a bit dishonest . 
  i said eu tariffs would hit 9 % of gdp , around 5 % of uk business being involved in eu trade . 
  it 's the maths of the average eu tariff under the wto being 1 % that speaks for itself . 
  it 's not dishonest , rather honest , to say that 9 % of gdp will face an average 1 % tariff . 
  that then means that 91 % of the uk gdp wo n't be privy to eu regulation , which is itself priced at around 4-5 % of the entire uk gdp . 
   admittedly i 'm not an economist but viewing the tariffs as a hit on gdp seems weird . 
  yet i have given two prominent economists that precisely regard it in that sense when looking at the wider economy . 
  you might find it weird , but those are the figures , and that 's what they 're saying . 
   the jobs lost from businesses that ca n't compete in exports when faced with a tariff would seemingly be the main issue . 
  yet you now appreciate that the costs to those businesses as a net would leave around 5x to 6x the amount , let alone regulation reform , for the uk to play with to offset . 
  we could put a fraction of that as a stroke into business rate reform ( read business rate not corporation rate ) and they 'd be better off . 
  they tried the ` jobs lost ' angle , and the then uk 's own director of the government department overseeing it ( nieser ) , martin weale , described it as `` pure goebbels '' . 
  fishing may be in decline , but i 'm talking about today 's fishing quotas . 
  and today 's fishing quotas mean we can take more fish out of the sea that the current uk quota allows under the eu , leave more fish in the sea than the eu currently takes out , and still reap those returns . 
  i 'm looking at the amount other eu countries take out of uk fisheries which the uk would have exclusive rights over under international law if the uk were to regain controls . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_convention_on_the_law_of_the_sea one dutch trawler alone , the cornelis vrolijk , takes the equivalent of 23 % of the entire english quota . 
  now if you want to talk about fishing communities being in decline , we could take that entire 23 % and give it to small fishing vessels and alone it would rejuvenate entire fishing communities . 
  neither of the sources are from politicians . 
  they 're both renowned uk economists not affiliated with political parties . 
  i went one better than written accounts - i gave recorded spoken accounts from the people themselves . 
   could you link a written source and one that is n't directly from a political party ? 
  even a slightly lower bias than straight from ukip does help . 
  i specifically linked to two spoken accounts . 
  ruth lea is an economist . 
  she is not part of the efdd or ukip . 
  go to the introduction in the video around the 30 minute mark if you want a breakdown of her cv . 
  she is not a member of either . 
  the second was a professor of applied economics at cardiff business school , patrick minford , addressing a uk select committee . 
  nor is he representing a political party . 
   also most numbers i see put british exports to eu at 50 % of total exports . 
  hiding behind your domestic economy seems quite a silly way to decrease numbers . 
  that 's obtuse of you . 
  the uk domestic economy is 80 % of gdp . 
  the upward estimate of eu trade is approaching 50 % but declining and does n't account for the rotterdam-antwerp effect which means exports designated for outside the eu are still considered eu exports simply because there is transit through the eu but not stopping . 
  some then round the eu trade down to the high 30s , but a conservative estimate is around the low 40s - but i rounded it up !, 
  that puts eu trade as around 9 % of uk gdp , or 40 % of the 20 % uk overseas trade . 
  round it up some more if it makes you happier and call it 10 % of uk gdp even if it 's less accurate . 
  it does n't change the end figures that much . 
  it 's a 1 % average tariff on ~ 10 % of uk gdp . 
  that 's still within the net uk contribution range to the uk . 
  or 0.1 % of uk gdp . 
  it 's arguing about second place decimal points !, 
  and that 's without any free trade deal being in place , and simply going down the wto route . 
  there are six countries out there that have ftas that covers goods , capital , and services - and it 's not like services which is our chief export is yet a true single market even within the current eu . 
  it 's never been properly liberalised ( which is part of the reason why the london financials wanted assurances as part of any reform ) . 
  but let 's look at this necessity of an fta from the uk perspective . 
  9 % of uk trade comes from the eu , a conservative estimate . 
  some might even argue 8 % , some in ignoring the rotterdam-antwerp effect might argue 10 % , but 9 % is a fair figure . 
  80 % of uk trade is domestic , roughly 11 % from outside the eu , and roughly a cool 9 % coming from the eu . 
  not a figure to be sneezed at all the same . 
  in the complete absence of an fta being agreed , hypothetically , then the house of commons library has shown that the average tariff from the eu under wto rules for the uk outside the eu would be a whopping 1 % . 
  that 's the average , admittedly there 'd be some industries like automotives where it is as high as 10 % and some special interest groups - and they 'd certainly want some sort of deal even if it is not encompassing so they can continue selling their cars into a considerable buyers market . 
  but using averages that means that 9 % of our gdp would be subject to an average 1 % tariff trading with the eu from outside . 
  that 's # 2bn , rounded up , or approximately a fifth of the uk 's net eu contributions . 
  that 's a contribution we might expect to recoup from reclaiming our fisheries alone , let alone that it 's been modeled that we might expect an 8 % reduction in the cost of living by simply stepping outside eu protectionism and buying at global prices . 
  so we can talk about the importance of an fta for certain industries , and they are important , but keeping it in a wider economic perspective any fta is simply nuts and cherries on our icecream sundae . 
  it 's not the chocolate and icecream . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0a3w36wzse&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=42m https://youtu.be/lekeut1tilu?t=20m, 
  it would . 
  it really , really would . 
  i was one . 
  it does n't mean political union with pakistan and india , and that 's not how the commonwealth works , but under the harare declaration they are pledged towards free trade and so trade along the lines of freedom of movement for goods , capital , and services but not labour . 
  yes please !, 
   the uk would finally have to pay the full price for common market access without the british rebate . 
  access without political union or being a member of the single market . 
  the dreaded free trade agreement cost , a.k.a. 
  the mexican price , a.k.a. 
  the south korean capitulation , and from the heart of darkness the princely tithe of # 0.00 ftas do n't have membership fees . 
  [ the horror . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/6pyi9t-i6qo?t=14s ), 
  i wish you 'd come over to the uk and explain that to a few folk . 
  although if zac goldsmith becomes mayor of london in may then we will have a prominent advocate of direct democracy . 
  you get to avoid the uk 's 2011 european union act which puts a referendum block on every new treaty the eu proposes which constitutes a power transfer from the uk . 
  support for more integration polls significantly lower in the uk than those wanting to stay in . 
  if the goal of the eu is further integration then taking the uk with it is going to feel like pulling a cruise ship with its anchors down up the highstreet . 
  and it 's not because we 're just arseholes for the sake of it , it 's just that generally we tend to want different things with regards to political union . 
  but trade and cooperation and friends ? 
  sure .
