i have never seen so many racists be offended about being called racist . 
  own it at least !, 
  lol , you have no idea about germany . 
  merkel will easily win . 
  hannover as well and i 'm already sick of it . 
  hate it . 
  at least i get my reading in that way . 
  guy who killed tugce is going to be deported at least . 
  these fuckers should as well . 
  exactly . 
  only one of 5 is going to prison for almost killing a girl . 
  i read about it on sz yesterday . 
  how should women in germany feel about this ? 
  their feelinhgs are worth nothing as long as the guilty show `` promise '' . 
  when i consider my family 56 % seems almost too much . 
  very true . 
  i feel embarrassed about some of the smug and ignorant comments of my fellow europeans here . 
  just be thankful that you have the opportunity to live independently . 
  you also will earn much more after graduating . 
  yeah , i wish my parents did this , almost all of my friends live in homes bought by their parents , some have to pay rent , some do n't . 
  definitly , finding an affordable 2-room apartment is almost impossible , i 've been looking for ages . 
  true . 
  my rommate was never registered hannover when she studied here , i guess that 's pretty common . 
  i know a lot of people here in germany that still like at home to save money but a lot of them basically have their own apartment inside their parents home with their own kitchen , entrance etc. 
  my cousins is able to save so much money this way and will be able to buy his own home much earlier than me . 
  also most parents in germany are n't very intrusive , since i was 14 i could go out and come back whenever i felt like it , all that makes living at home a decent alternative . 
  first police lose him even though he was under surveillance and now this . 
  it should have been obvious that this was a possibility . 
  amateur hour . 
  no , africans . 
  these people that come from africa have nothing to do with syria ffs . 
  hundreds yesterday ? 
  doubt it . 
  why not . 
  isis also attacked sikhs i. germany . 
  germany four, 
  i love my holidays on the german baltic coast . 
  when it 's really hot and water is just right , it 's wonderful . 
  i have been to the canaries , mallorca , algarve , italy , greecey , turkey and the baltic on a hot summer day is just as good . 
  the problem is that you never know how the weather will turn out and you have to book a holiday months in advance . 
  that 's why people choose the `` save '' destinations . 
  i often go the the baltic but only spontaneously , because sitting in a expensive hotel room while it 's raining is horrible . 
  two summers ago : https://www.flickr.com/photos/61493807@n00/9436721422/in/dateposted-public/ https://www.flickr.com/photos/61493807@n00/9433931423/in/dateposted-public/, 
  i do n't think it 's funny but hey i doubt we 'll see any italians killing anybody over this . 
  ch have the right to do this , people have the right to be outraged , that 's it . 
  but they are coming via turke , and greece , not italy, 
  there 's nothing about the burka in the koran . 
  islamists ca n't be democrats , not possible with their worldview . 
  as if anyone ever said that . 
  germany island of r\u00fcgen with it 's chalk cliffs , white beaches and paths in the beautiful beech groves . 
  the whole berchtesgaden are in bavaria . 
  the k\u00f6niggsee does n't even look real , it 's so beautiful . 
  rothenburg ob der tauber , fantastic preserved medieval little town . 
  you do n't have to be salafist to be a danger to democracy and freedom . 
  women have muscles naturally , why would she suddenly be masculine if they are mre pronounced through training ? 
  only when there 's equality on the others side . 
  i doubt even a third of the murders were committed by women . 
  they did n't . 
  the cinema guy was german-italian and did n't even shoot anybody and they admitted right away that the train guy was a refugee and isis . 
  do we even know if he was or was n't muslim ? 
  all we know is that islam is probably not was drove him to do this . 
  and ? 
  i 'm aware of all of those attacks and like a rational person i still wait for facts and developments before running my mouth . 
  they are explanantions , not blame . 
  millions are bullied , only very few go on a rampage , only those who also suffer from a weak or ill mind . 
  who 's defending him ? 
  who knows , they also claimed munich police confirmed an islamist attack ( and then removed the article 20 minutes later ) . 
  i have no reason to trust them . 
  every other news station is simply quoting cnn . 
  oh god another conspiracy nut . 
  when the axe guy attacked the train they immediately said he was isis-inspired . 
  this guy was n't . 
  i 'm not even in favour of letting in refugees unchecked and open borders but i still hate all this jumping to conclusions and tin-foil hat stuff . 
  so many stupid people . 
  not enough therapists . 
  waiting lists are long ( up to 3 years ) . 
  add addiction into this and it 's a helpless situation . 
  most did n't come here because of freedom and values , they came here to work and earn money . 
  just look at emre can 's instagram feed , i do n't think i have ever seen a blond guy in his big group of friends . 
  cnn is the only one quoting this witness . 
  i do n't trust them . 
  you 're right . 
  thanks . 
  lol . 
  do n't you think it 's weird that cnn is the only news reporting this and they did n't even show the interview or lauretta ? 
  black market , deep web , not so difficult really . 
  they are not . 
  his mom is german and he was born in germany . 
  who knows what heritage the balcony guy has ? 
  he apparently did , still the first thing that balcony guys calls him is `` kanacke '' despite him speaking perfect german . 
  he called him kanacke just because he does n't look german enough . 
  there are still tens of thousand of algerians and maroccans here . 
  just yesterday there was an article about refugess in the local paper who complained about the slow process and that they need work soon . 
  of course none of them were from syria , but from pakistan and marocco . 
  why are they still here ? 
  here in germany as well . 
  they actually are more highly educated than germans . 
  complete opposite to arabs and turks . 
  or both ? 
  the afd in germany has success in germany with foreigners of non-muslim background too .
