  i can understand why it can be a fun hobby for some . 
  i never felt the need to own a gun for personal protection though . 
  depends , everyone i know here in germany that lives in a house has one , my parents have one but along with the washing machine they are usually kept in a laundry room or the basement so you usually do n't see them when you visit anyone . 
  i live in an apartment and i do n't have one . 
  i 'd say about 25 % of my friends and family living in an apartment have one . 
  i do n't have the space . 
  [ i grew up here ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/61493807@n00/albums ), 
  my whole supermarket is probably as big as that aisle , lol . 
  i live in the heart of the city , there 's no space . 
  wtf, 
  every village and town has a rivalry with someone . 
  never . 
  as as a german , yes a lot of germans still feel superior and are quite arrogant . 
  well , my cousin and husband emigrated to the us and returned 3 years later because their daughter got sick and they were n't able to pay for her healthcare . 
  says it all imo . 
  i love travelling inside germany . 
  i did quite a few roadtrips , one was to the east ( weimar , leipzig , dresden , erfurt ) , many islands ( r\u00fcgen , usedom , f\u00f6hr , amrum , sylt , langeoog , fehmarn ) , the north sea , the baltic ( i love the timmendorfer beach ) , franconia ( dinkelsb\u00fchl , rothenburg ) , chiemsee , passau , burghausen , k\u00f6nigssee , bodensee , hamburg , bremen , freiburg , munich , cologne , d\u00fcsseldorf , harz mountains and pretty much all of lower saxony . 
  i still really want to the garmisch region , the m\u00fchltal , the schlei , the rhein and mosel area and the eifel . 
  germany is small compared to a lot of places but there is much to to and see imo . 
  i kinda like accounting . 
  i 'd make so much more in the us . 
  i have a friend who lives in atlanta and the money she makes is crazy even when you figure in costs for healthcare . 
  i thought about doing the whole green card lottery thing but after visiting the us i just ca n't see myself living there . 
  too different . 
  money is not everything . 
  tap water . 
  probably lentil stew, 
  yeah , i pretty much only drink tap water , it tastes pretty great here in hannover . 
  drinking beer and garden . 
  i mostly identify with my hometown and the region around it , then germany , lower saxony , western europe , in that order . 
  well , recently i got a new neighbour and she is incredibly loud . 
  i think she 's always skyping with her family in vietnam and she has to scream so that they can understand her . 
  at least she only seems to do this on sundays so it 's quiet the rest of the time . 
  my neighbour next door has a lung disease and sometimes i can hear her when she 's having a coughing fit , other than that my building is very quiet . 
  germany has and sadly the divide is getting bigger instead of smaller . 
   ford sprinter ah yes . 
  the long ford sprinter van . 
  it was interesting in the old town of paderborn , that 's for sure . 
  tandure is a great turkish restaurant here in hannover . 
  everytime there is an honour killing in my city it seems to be a kurdish family . 
  i do n't really agree with # 1 . 
  even in germany there are many very affectionate people and this is even more widespread in southern europe . 
  that was the only stuff i was allowed to watch as a kid since my parents considered everything else trash and harmful for children . 
  i also remember a cartoon about the human body with talking blood cells , i loved that as well . 
  was n't there a study recently claiming social mobility was even worse in the us than in germany ? 
  taking risks and optimism . 
  natural beauty . 
  open roads . 
  football even though i never watch live because of all the breaks , they drive me completely insane . 
  i kinda got into baseball last year . 
  love the pitchers and that most players do n't take themselves too serious . 
  there is a certain calm and vibe to the game i enjoy . 
  i consider myself a strong critic of both religion in general and islam especially so i 'd love to keep religious people for whom their religious `` rules '' are more important than the laws of the country they emigrate of flee to , out of my country , yes . 
  i 'd love to see the vetting ( that existed prior to the `` muslim ban '' ) that the us is doing done here as well . 
  since we not that geographically lucky in this regard , this is pretty much impossible here . 
  donate to the aclu instead . 
  he used the term to insult someone so it was at least offensive . 
  certain east germans and muslim youth in germany use `` jew '' as an insult . 
  it 's the same . 
  racist imo . 
  problematic districts , not no-go zones though . 
  egypt . 
  i only visited cairo . 
  the traffic was insane , the yellow sand everywhere , soo many people , they do n't stop staring at you and will try to touch your hair if you 're blonde ... 
  we ( germany ) shared the bathwater as well but we obviously would n't expect a non-family member to as well . 
  was quite different for me . 
  everything i knew and expected about the us proved to be right . 
  nothing really surprised me , except tennessee being quite beautiful and separations of races still being that extreme . 
  adolf, 
  i love skyscrapers . 
  but usually tall buildings here rather tend to look like commie blocks and not the beauties you see in chicago ... 
  this one is pretty left . 
  barcelona , berlin , london, 
  wrong sub . 
  jack wolfskin clothing here in germany . 
  [ economic left/right : -6.75 social libertarian/authoritarian : -3.49 ] ( https://www.politicalcompass.org/chart?ec=-6.75&amp;soc=-3.49 ) about right i guess . 
  women in the health care sector literally deal with shit and many men do n't want to do that job either . 
  men in female dominated areas such as healthcare earn more than women whereas women in male dominated areas still earn less . 
  melbourne or portland, 
  this is quite hot in germany right now , feels nostalgic : [ ace tee feat . 
  kwam.e - bist du down ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-n7torfqurk ) i love [ grossstadtgefl\u00dcster - ich boykottiere dich ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kov4wj6pmj8 ) but it 's probably not the sound you 're looking for . 
  well my very religious cousin would agree , she wants to home-school her children and is n't allowed in germany . 
  i 'm glad we do n't have that freedom here . 
  i visited family of my best friend in tennessee recently and these people were incredibly stupid and uneducated but were allowed to homeschool their children . 
  what kind of future is there for these kids ? 
  they ca n't write a meaningful text , ca n't do math , do n't even get me started on physics , chemistry or history . 
  very big , probably right after world cup and euro in terms of popularity . 
  people love to watch `` obscure '' sports that they usually do n't . 
  i prefer winter olympics but i do n't know if that 's true for all of germany , i 'd need to see ratings . 
  if you drive to amsterdam dont drive to the city center by car , its a nightmare.use the park & ride parking under ajax ' stadium . 
  the parking ticket doubles as a ticket for public transportion to the city center . 
  very practical and efficient . 
  never . 
  she 's never home anyway . 
  i think it 's cute and should be big enough for 2 persons . 
  friends who lived in both britain and germany made this experience . 
  maybe you just do n't know just how soul-sucking german bureaucracy really is . 
  power , nothing else . 
  nobody `` needs '' that much money but you can buy whole governments with it . 
  just wanted to write this as well .
