  also britain 's bureaucracy seems to be far less complicated . 
  and as a woman i am glad about it even though i know its wrong . 
  actual nazis , my great-great-grandfather actually was the chauffeur for hitler on at least one occasion . 
  after the war they were brought to france for denazification . 
  i only met them twice . 
  their son , my grandfather lived his whole life only one street away from them and refused to see them ever again since he did never forgive them . 
  no , only real nazis , my great-great-grandparents . 
  iceland norway ireland, 
  pretty common with the left and far-right in germany . 
  i have been to bumfuck tennessee and to honest we do n't have such extremes rural isolated areas here in germany at all . 
  the people i encountered there were something else and ignorance and stupidity on that scale would not bei possible because its so much more urban here , religion ist less important and we dont allow home-schooling . 
  imo a lot of germans tend to overthink many things and are quite pessimistic . 
  once they made their decision the opportunity might be gone . 
  also i always hear `` who wants to raise children in this world '' , i feel that that type of thinking is much more prevalent here than in most other countries . 
  some flavors . 
  i think we have three here ? 
  because for many money is not the main reason . 
  very sweet but i there is so much more variety which is great . 
  my friend always bringe me m & ms or kit kats from the us that are not available here . 
  of course i varies but i 'd say german kids enjoy a lot of freedom and independence , maybe the opposite of helicopter parenting . 
  as a child i went out in the village to meet other children after doing my homework and returned in the evening . 
  our parents knew we were around somewhere in teh village or in the woods but they never supervised us . 
  this was before smart phones and computer games . 
  we were always outside . 
  i could sleep over with friends and go out as long as i wanted since i was about 14 ( i 'm a girl ) . 
  my parents never checked if my stories about where i would spend the night were true or not . 
  as long as i had good grades , help in the household and did n't end up in the hospital drunk i was free to do as i pleased . 
  they had absolute trust in me to not do hard drugs , trust wrong people or get pregnant and i never disappointed them in that regard , thus ensuring my freedom . 
  i was slapped only once and was never under house arrest . 
  i guess i was not the most problematic child anyway . 
  austria : hahnenkamm-rennen denmark : mentality france : incredible landscapes , films the netherlands : accent , mentality poland : my hard-working polish colleagues switzerland : their love of hockey, 
  not at all . 
  people always think i 'm either not german if at least of foreigner origin . 
  ca n't blame them . 
  hi watch the hockey team . 
  yes . 
  imo racism in germany is less about skin-colour , but more about language , culture and status . 
  showing off ( money or loudmouths in sports ) . 
  i used to go to church with my grandma here in germany and most of the time the sermons were about humility , selflessness , charity , forgiveness and against materialism . 
  it has never come up in a conversation really . 
  most of my girlfriends hate guys in capris much more . 
  another girl here who likes them on guys . 
  helps if you got nice calves . 
  i 'm basically with you . 
  people chose themselves to believe in a certain religion , why should they get special treatment for it ? 
  i never understood that . 
  imo we should also get rid of religious holidays and tax breaks for the church . 
  hannover , germany . 
  55 minutes by subway and bus , so almost 2 hours a day . 
  i use the time to read and listen to new music , both things i love doing , still i miss my old work because then i used to bike to work and back 60 minutes a day but this commute is too long . 
  i 'm planning to move so i can use my bike again . 
  geography & history, 
  indoor hockey and volleyball . 
  i used to play tennis but i kinda missed the team aspect i guess . 
  i only know about nail yakupov , lol . 
  it happens all the time . 
  i got lucky three times so far , last time i was only one street away from the evacuationa rea . 
  a lot of people just turn off their lights and ignore it rhough . 
  i do and i wish i lived farther away from all their problems bit i really do n't want to leave my friends because of them . 
  no , skipped that . 
  :d a lot of families sing christmas songs and play their instruments but that was never a sing in our family . 
  all of this is true for germany as well . 
  yes . 
  no question . 
  we got a small christmas bonus and a christmas party . 
  thats it . 
  divided . 
  i strongly support israel as a nation but hate the settlement issues and right wingers like bibi . 
  but i think if israels neighbours were in the same position power-wise as israel is in now , israel would already be wiped out . 
  as much as i hate some of israels actions they are the lesser evil and do n't follow a death cult . 
  i 'd like to do it . 
  i really do n't look typically german ( even though today germans come in all shspes and colours ) most people think i 'm greek , some talk to me in turkish . 
  i only know my family tree 3 generation back and my mother never knew her father so it would be cool to know if there is something interesting . 
  istanbul was better , probably the most photogenic city i 've ever been to . 
  antalya and side were pretty much what i expected , i was in typical tourist resorts there . 
  i did n't like many vendors being incredibly pushy , that was annoying when going out of the hotel . 
  other than that i did n't really have real contact to turks during my travels . 
  i 'd love to visit izmir for a city trip , sounds like a great place . 
  well i 've been to bumfuck florida and tennessee und the teeth i saw there were definitely in worse shape than the majority of teeth i see in germany . 
  like everything else in the us it 's a question of money . 
  rostock in summer, 
  yes . 
  do german women adore eva braun ? 
  there are quite a few , i think i recently read that the number here in hannover is about 2000 . 
  they all are around the city centre and come from all of lower saxony . 
  there are many east - and south-east europeans among them . 
  these people often have addictions or mental problems that makes living in a shelter difficult for them or they prefer the streets to shelters . 
  yeah my school had 400 students for 7 grades . 
  accepting that the law of the country supercedes your religious book . 
  accepting that no woman is property . 
  letting your daughters take part in sports and swimming and generally having women decide about their lives themselves . 
  i do n't care if you 're going to a mosque or what you eat or drink . 
  i actually think that more people not drinking alcohol would improve our country a lot . 
  i 'm kinda crazy about it . 
  definitly . 
  i was in chattanooga , not the place i expected to see many germans , but then i saw a group of three men and i immediately knew . 
  i do n't know why , the were n't wearing white socks or jack wolfskin but it was obvious for some strange reason . 
  i went near them to hear the language they were speaking and sure enough , i was right . 
  like the perfect mix between europe and the us . 
  plus they love hockey !,
