  there are many incidents , most do n't make the news . 
  again , talk to jewish people living in germany how the feel about more and more refugees from muslim countries coming to germany . 
  why even ask ? 
  same happening in germany . 
  jewish folk groups wont take part in neighborhood festivals here anymore . 
  last time they were spit and thrown at with stones by groups of kids . 
  wow . 
  being drunk means he will get off lightly . 
  yeah , but if you dont go and go looking for it you really do n't see them . 
  here in hannover i 've seen women sunbathing toless but never anyone naked . 
  british manufacturing jobs wo n't return over night . 
  all the factories need to build . 
  the machine is . 
  in my store paying cash is definitely faster . 
  it is in many inner-city schools . 
  and fans if dynamo dresden . 
  not surprised , there were 14 apartments in my old building and of them four had a german last name . 
  i do n't mind , every one of them was a nice , quiet neighbour . 
  if you watch the videos you can hear many languages , they came from all over europe and even the us and canada to destroy and riot . 
  awww . 
  beautiful beaches , could have decent tourist industry . 
  i was in antalya , turkey a few years ago and we decided to visit the city on a 40 degree afternoon . 
  it was hell and the locals were all inside . 
  the only people out and about were burnt and sweaty northern europeans . 
  that 's a lot of money for such a small population . 
  good on them . 
  oh god , it 's been a while , i remember : * mark twain - the adventures of tom sawyer * jos\u00e9 saramago - blindness * max frisch - homo faber * umberto eco - the name of the rose * fyodor dostoyevsky - crime and punishment * joseph heller - catch 22 ( in english class ) * aldous huxley - brave new world ( in english class ) * ray bradbury - fahrenheit 451 ( in english class ) * j. d. salinger - the catcher in the rye ( in english class ) * william shakespeare - romeo and juliet ( in english class ) * ceasar - bellum gallicum ( in latin class ) * antoine de saint-exup\u00e9ry - le petit prince ( in french class ) other than that only german authors , we read tons of books . 
  since i have always been a bookworm i loved that . 
  ddoes the us ever hand somebody over to other countries ? 
  courage . 
  well i 'm sure all those rules were made by men ... 
  yeah . 
  i hate heat and even i am ok with 25 \u00b0 c , it 's my upper limit though when there is no nice body of water nearby . 
  28 + is only tolerable for me at the beach or pool and i do n't mean overcrowded public ones . 
  why , it was not even her weapon that was stolen . 
  i visited gdansk a couple years ago , m the center is quite nice but it 's small and the rest of the city is not really a beauty , kinda like dresden in that regard . 
  sopot is quite nice though , gdynia i actually do n't even remember . 
  i usually eat low fat cream cheese mixed with joghurt , berries , nuts and oatmeal . 
  when i 'm sick of it i eat muesli with milk . 
  that might explain it . 
  i 'm thinking of doing a `` weiterbildung '' or study because it really is not enough to be able to save a decent amount or travel to the places i want to but i have n't decided yet . 
  maybe it 's the branch or you live in southern germany but in retail and sales people start with 1800 $ after finishing their ausbildung here at my company . 
  but i have many friends who always complain about the money they make and they do n't know how priviliged they actually are . 
  lol , you 're naive . 
  i earn way less even with a verdi-contract and christmas money . 
  used to watch it when i was visiting my grandma . 
  now i wonder if `` die schwarzwaldklinik '' und `` die drombuschs '' were shown outside germany as well . 
  my feelings exactly . 
  both my cousins are married to muslims , neither made me change my opinion . 
  lol . 
  wtf ? 
  most people i know are not bored sundays at all . 
  maybe get friends , hobbies or do something charitable ? 
  do we know how many german turks voted ? 
  netherlands, 
  tandure , a turkish restaurant in my town , is amazing . 
  well my cousin 's wife obviously dated outside her religion but in order to marry her he converted to islam . 
  it depends on the culture , i know quite a few women from bosnia who married german men who did n't convert . 
  about 13 . 
  11 in europe plus egypt and the usa . 
  germans are annoying know-it-alls . 
  same . 
  house from 150,000 $ to 700,000 $ depending on the area and how old and big it is . 
  apartment from 80,000 $ to 350,000 $ . 
  this in and around hannover . 
  not affordable to me right now but most of my friends have a house . 
  jack wolfskin jackets . 
  canada peru netherlands kenya japan new zealand, 
  i not as left as i used to be . 
  i ca n't be tolerant of the intolerant which kinda makes me centrist in germany these days i guess . 
  i ca n't deal with naive and indecisive politicians , they are dangerous imo . 
  i have always voted spd but i wo n't this time . 
  well , we do have `` flecken '' and `` weiler '' . 
  twice , once to istanbul and then a typical beach vacation in side . 
  istanbul was amazing and i definitely want to return . 
  side was beautiful but the vendors were extremely pushy and aggressive everywhere , did n't like that at all . 
  would probably not do a beach vacation in turkey again . 
  i 'd love to make a city trip to izmir , sounds like a great place . 
  alone . 
  54m2 , no balcony . 
  it 's ok , i grew up in 75m2 with 4 people . 
  balcony would be nice though . 
  38,5 hours a week . 
  30 minutes break . 
  there are no breaks inbetween really . 
  we are not allowed to browse the internet for personal use and are not allowed to use our mobiles during work . 
  once every 3 month we do a breakfast with the whole accounting department . 
  once a year . 
  very common in northern germany , just ate a bunch yesterday . 
  m\u00fcsli or just bread and fruits . 
  most cereals and stuff like kellogs are full of sugar , very dangerous for kids imo . 
  from age 6 me and my friends roamed around the village and woods by bike from 2pm until dinner . 
  this was before mobile phones . 
  i was expected to go to the super market to get stuff from age 6 as well . 
  by age 14 i was allowed to stay away till midnight or sleep over at a friends place . 
  all this was because my parents trusted me . 
  if i had betrayed this trust just once , the rules would have been much stricter . 
  i loved my freedom so i never disappointed my parents . 
  it 's not only antifa . 
  there are all kinds of people there looking for destruction and adrenalin .
