  nothing special happenend at my school . 
  there was a small ceremony with all graduates and family . 
  people dressed a little better than normal but no fancy or white dresses . 
  after the ceremony every one went home . 
  the end . 
  i 'm an accountant and this did n't require university but 2 years vocational training . 
  pretty much but i would n't say just for upper middle and upper class . 
  i 've been to the us myself and most of my friends as well and not all of us have money , i 'm rather lower middle class i 'd say . 
  i loved it and would love to do a couple of roadtrips again , especially , california , oregon , crand canyon and massachusetts . 
  i lived right next to a church tower for 25 + years , i do n't hear it anymore . 
  peter sagan . 
  gigi buffon . 
  hugging is very common in germany imo . 
  i hug with most family , friends and even some co-workers . 
  i hate kissing on the cheeks with people but many young people certainly do it . 
  where are you from ? 
  that 's gross . 
  i do n't have contact with refugees in my city but with those who live in the village where i grew up and my parents still live . 
  they are from syria and sudan . 
  the kids are amazing , one 6-year old already won a reading competition after only being in germany 1 year . 
  all of them attend german classes , one found a job with a local landscape company and apparently is a hard worker . 
  he also goes to language classes to the nearest town which is 10 km away by bicycle every week . 
  he could take public transport but he prefers to bike . 
  they all attend every community event and are well liked . 
  imo integration works so much better in villages and small towns anyway . 
  there were two bosnian roma who nobody liked , she had three kids aged 1-3 and was already pregnant again , he was always drunk and refused to learn german . 
  nobody understood why they did n't get deported but in the end they had to leave germany last month eventually and everyone was relieved . 
  lugano : great climate , location , beautiful and has a hockey team munich : beautiful city with amazing things to do around it , plus it has hockey teams edinburgh : i loved the atmosphere and people in the city . 
  very alive , very creative and lots of great music and bars . 
  yeah , i can think of very few great german productions , i liked weissensee , im angesicht des verbrechens and der tatortreiniger . 
  then again , i do n't even have a tv . 
  berlin . 
  imo less common than in most european countries . 
  dark times ahead . 
  pension crisis , health-care crisis and divided population . 
  about four times a year . 
  not my favourite really . 
  i buy used quality clothes all the time . 
  there are so many women who buy new stuff every week and then get rid of their barely worn clothes . 
  as long as he/she does n't try to force it on me or hates on gay people i do n't care . 
  i know quite a few people that are involved with the church even though they also tend to be involved with greenpeace and peace movements and i do n't know if they are in the church because of the religion or the community feeling . 
  not really but apparently there was a famous figure `` r\u00e4uber hanebuth '' ( a famous thief ) who is one of my forefathers . 
  and my great-grandfather was a nazi who met hitler several times . 
  1 . sneakers , dark-grey jeans , shirt , parka 2 . 
  coke zero , wrap with cheese , chicken , onions , pepper , salad and tomatoes 3 . stupid leadership at my job , people who loudly listens to music or do n't mute their phones on my commute 4 . stressed and tired 5 . lol 6 . 
  i should relax more, 
  my father died recently and my mom is n't coping very well so right now i see her almost every sunday . 
  jeans , sneakers . 
  even the ceo wears converse . 
  a few women wear business dresses and pumps but only because they like it not because they have to . 
  my grandfather fought for germany , he spent most of his time in norway . 
  my great-grandfather was a nazi who even met hitler from time to time . 
  never got to talk about it with him though . 
  not anymore really . 
  my next car ( should i ever buy one ) will be an automatic but it 's not an issue i feel strongly about ( like air condition for example ) if i find a good deal on a car with manual transmission , i 'd take that . 
  public transport is amazing in my city . 
  there is a bus/team/subway stop practically every 100 m and the frequency is awesome . 
  it 's not all that cheap anymore , i pay about 77 $ / month but still much cheaper than a car of course . 
  in the village i grew up in it 's somewhat worse but busses still depart every 30 minutes during the working hours and hourly till midnight . 
  still , my commute takes me almost 20 minutes longer with public transport than car , even during rush hour . 
  it 's not really unwillingness . 
  let 's take my family as an example . 
  everyone older than 45 does n't speak a lick of english except for yes and no . 
  maybe it just me getting older but to me it seems that skateboarding is n't as big as it used to be here in germany . 
  i just do n't really see them around anymore . 
  would love to see some stats . 
  i 've been to egypt and the us . 
  i think most of my friends have been to at least two continents but it 's of course also a money thing . 
  i do n't have a tv . 
  i only watch streams and other internet content . 
  quite a few of my friends do n't have a tv either but they consider watching series and films a waste of time . 
  i kinda like living rooms where the tv is not the main focus of everything you know . 
  bathroom . 
  my apartment is small , do n't have a utility room and no room in kitchen . 
  some people celebrate it , children search for eggs . 
  i do n't do anything special , i just enjoy the time off . 
  they should take the refugees from afghanistan , not europe , especially germany . 
  it 's the best schnitzel !!, 
  southern italians . 
  that kind of chaos and animation is very foreign to a lot of germans . 
  i did one actually when i was 21 . 
  i 'd say young people in germany generally dream of doing australia/new zealand rather than the us . 
  i hate it so much that i only buy d\u00fcrum d\u00f6ner . 
  daily . 
  polls contradict this statement . 
  belarus . 
  daily . 
  vietnamese live in the apartment directly under mine . 
  daily . 
  for some reason there are a lot of ghanaians living in my neighbourhood . 
  depends . 
  i grew up in a suburb/rural area with and there were house parties every weekend since some parents always seemed to be away . 
  i think this is different in the cities because you ca n't really party too much in apartment buildings without pissing of the neighbours . 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  norway . 
  no , that would be uncivilized . 
  i do every time i venture outside europe . 
  canada or oregon . 
  i was a member of a `` sch\u00fctzenverein '' ( shooting club ) as a teen . 
  was bored of it after a few weeks and never touched a gun again .
