  why are they so afraid ? 
  meant to say german-speaking . 
  there was a honour killing recently here in my german hometown and they were of kurds as well . 
  is it really so hard to understand ? 
  he probably lives in germany . 
  i 'd love to trade my aldi for a continente . 
  i especially miss the pineapple lemonade . 
  the closet ones to me are still old-school . 
  i really like the products though , definitly better than netto , penny and lidl . 
  exactly . 
  people expect cheaper quality and worse taste and that 's then what they perceive . 
  they are not really low quality . 
  they are cheap because of what you described . 
  even the beauty products aldi-nord sells tend to be great , never had better lip-gloss and hand-cream and they are about a quarter of what you 'd pay for nivea . 
  wedding has a distinct arab feel , especially women tend to notice that ... 
  refugess from africa also have a hard time getting to canada by boat ... 
  but how are people going to prove that . 
  except for a few exceptions if you were lucky to get a job for a decent or specialized company it 's one of the worst jobs out there , especially those who drive long tours . 
  not enough money , too much time away from family and friends and way too much stress . 
  but are n't you afraid the votes will be rigged ? 
  erdogan has so much control already , replaced so many government workers , it wo n't be difficult for some ballots to get `` lost '' . 
  they had all the time in the world to applay for german citizenship , it 's not really hard to get it if you grew up in germany . 
  is the vote still free though . 
  so many thousands have been arrested and there is already a culture of fear , it 's easy to see how same ballots can go `` missing '' . 
  i 'm not very optimistic . 
  exactly . 
  if you read reddit you get the impressions that without the romas , romania would be paradise on earth without any dirt and crime . 
  i know . 
  just saying they probably did n't want to be german so i have no problem with deporting them . 
  i ca n't even eat tiramisu because of it . 
  if you were born and grew in germany it 's quite easy to obtain german citzenship if you can support yourself and have no felonies . 
  they have oil . 
  my uncle is actually doing a tour through georgia with a german tourist group right now . 
  ca n't wait to see the pics . 
  i grew up speaking low german ( in a village close to hannover ) but sadly i cant speak it anymore except for some phrases that stuck . 
  if you include electricity it 's true for me as well . 
  no i do n't have to accept religous hypocrites . 
  the high-carb diet . 
  it 's the same with burritos filled with rice . 
  and then people wonder why they develop diabetes . 
  my landlords are turkish-german and have a nice vacation home in bodrum . 
  they are scared to go because they are afraid someone snitched on them , they are very anti-erdogan . 
  dito , i 'm kinda weirded out by this question . 
  i 'm from hannover but have never heard the word klipp ( o ) in my life . 
  released to where ? 
  i feel the same way . 
  they splashed more . 
  again , it 's not the actual syrian refugees many germans have a problem with anyway . 
  imo immigration and the refugee crisis are two different things . 
  i am pro immigration and against opening the borders and taking in all refugees from all over the world . 
  well she got a lot more votes ... 
  i was there last year . 
  very interesting , also inhabited . 
  on the left us austria , on the right germany . 
  is it because most of them are gypsies ? 
  there are no romanian criminals , at least that 's what this sub has taught me . 
  looks like northern germany . 
  no i know what i will eat today . 
  nothing better than a mettbr\u00f6tchen with onions . 
  agreed . 
  imo people born in the eightiesstill felt a bit guilty but people born after that ? 
  not so much . 
  things have changed a lot . 
  i 'd love spain to get it . 
  their youth employment rate is depressing . 
  yeah , for most crime that do n't injure anybody , nobody goes to prison in germany sadly , maybe tax evasion . 
  yeah , it 's a completely rediculous decision . 
  i guess hannover is right at the border . 
  no snow here . 
  i ca n't force myself to be afraid , sorry . 
  it 's a horrible time for my beautiful istanbul . 
  rip . 
  and anthrax, 
  yeah , if you exclude the super-rich germans are actually not very rich at all . 
  at least greek , italians and spanish own property , most germans will never be able to . 
  i think i read somewhere that 65 % of people working in germany earn less than 2000 $ after taxes . 
  hard to make a fortune with that . 
  many germans would actually answer `` yes '' to this , probably up to 50 % . 
  the problem is they are also deciding for others . 
  the afghan on the train attacked tourists from hong kong , half of the dead from berlin were foreigners as well . 
  that hopefully puts pressue on the government . 
  i just loved all the miradouros . 
  i actually like walking through random streets and neighbourhoods more than going from sight to sight . 
  i love street photography and both lisbon and istanbul are so great for that . 
  thanks . 
  looks awesome . 
  thanks for the suggestions . 
  i plan on doing a road trip one day . 
  one to see nazare , the algarve and porto . 
  i just love cities with hills and water . 
  not many have that . 
  my favourite city next to lisbon . 
  i was there 7 years ago and i have never seen a more photogenic city . 
  it 's incredible . 
  the food , the streets , the blue mosque , the people , the orange bosporus at sundown . 
  but if a market is secured they will just find a different target . 
  im not bothered at all that the market in hometown is not secured differently . 
  what did we put the poor iraqi citizens through , did n't germany catch so much shit from the other weatern nations for not wanting to participate in the 2nd iraq war ? 
  canada has always been so much more involved in iraq or afghanistan and somehow nobody is attacking them so that 's not really the reason . 
  well maghreb countries are always delaying these deportations , first they say he is n't one of ours , the it takes ages to make new documents etc.
