  what a coincidence that they suddenly sned over the correct papers today after the release of his name . 
  i hope it leads to germany being much tougher with the african countries . 
  if you delay or refuse to take your people back , no more aid for you . 
  s\u00fcddeutsche said it could be a selfmade gun and that it could n't fire a lot of rounds . 
  still , there are no ways to really protect the borders in europe without building walls , some parts are forests , sometimes it 's just a river . 
  it 's not easy to simply say , just do n't let them in . 
  if it was , there would n't be so many illegals in the us . 
  they need to make it easier to deport unwanted people but that 's not easy when a lot of maghreb and african countries are not cooperating . 
  not even russia is taking it 's criminals back . 
  we do n't know . 
  i doubt many were german since this market is mainly for tourists . 
  we are the bad one if we do nothing and the bad ones if we do . 
  that 's why imo we should concentrate on ourself and let the third world try to deal with their shit on their own . 
  if you do n't have problems with these ideas why is it hard to integrate ? 
  the italians , greek , bosnians , vietnamese did it . 
  christmas us time for coming together , they surely will be welcome with family . 
  i agree with the date . 
  exactly . 
  i have been against the open door policy from the start and want quick depitations for north africans and pakistani but afd are still uttetly stupid , sexist and just all around terrible . 
  i would vote csu if i could but im not in bavaria sadly . 
  exactly . 
  i have been against the open door policy from the start and want quick depitations for north africans and pakistani but afd are still uttetly stupid , sexist and just all around terrible . 
  i would vote csu if i could but im not in bavaria sadly . 
  it happens with the turks , albanians , bosnians . 
  different kind of islam . 
  the syrians are not the problem . 
  noone understands why we do n't deport all the north africans and pakistani . 
  isis terrorists always carry identification . 
  could point to that . 
  does n't isis want their names to be known so they can be martyrs . 
  they always name the terrorists who committed attacks . 
  fear sells but imo most germans are way too stoic and calm to panic . 
  i do n't feel fear and my friends in berlin still go out every day . 
  and ? 
  polish driver was killed at the market . 
  how do you even know they were german ? 
  this is berlin after all . 
  anyway , the nationality should not matter . 
  he meant that the guy was already convicted of quite a few small crimes even though he has only been in germany for 10 months . 
  but i doubt that his asylum application has been processed yet and i do n't know if pakistan even takes back it 's citizens . 
  but new year 's even will have 5 times the amount of police . 
  germans are pathologically paranoid about surveillance . 
  it would probably need 20 more attacks for them to sften their stance on cctv . 
  a few others i took at the lake [ 1 ] ( https://s28.postimg.org/ejkjsglt9/img_5970.jpg ) [ 2 ] ( https://s28.postimg.org/ct1iqz4a5/img_5992.jpg ) [ 3 ] ( https://s28.postimg.org/3mj83oz1p/img_6015.jpg ) [ 4 ] ( https://s28.postimg.org/ugeqbfotp/img_5951.jpg ), 
  [ k\u00e4sesp\u00e4tze at the k\u00f6nigssee in bavaria ] ( https://s23.postimg.org/pex00cui3/img_6000.jpg ) i took many great pics of the lake but this pic just captures everything i loved about the holiday , the nature , the colour of the lake , the great food , the weather ... 
  still , imo it would be stupid . 
  any truck could just drive into people standing at a traffic light , could probably even get more people that way . 
  germans are paranoid about surveillance , look at google street-view , it 's crazy . 
  and yes , many germans would never agree to more cctv even if this means for deaths and less solving of crime . 
  other countries do n't want gun-control even if it means having kindergardens shot up . 
  i 'm ok with it , it 's their country , they have to live in it . 
  i totally disagree , but that 's the way it is . 
  no hysteria in germany really . 
  people are pretty calm actually . 
  the unhinged people in most of these threads are americans for some reason . 
  he 's just your typical criminal pakistani refugee who for some reason is allowed to stay in germany , not a terrorist ,, 
  maybe has wearing glovey . 
  exactly . 
  reading all this misinformed nonsense in this thread makes my head hurt . 
  the internet was a mistake . 
  but it 's so easy . 
  i like your style . 
  there are a lot of turkish and arab cafes in germany where women are not welcome . 
  men watch soccer there , drink tea while the women watch the kids and prepare the food , not the kind of partnership i would pursue but i do n't really have an issue with this . 
  there are also lots of places where women like to be by themselves . 
  i do have issue with women walking down certain streets in many euopean cities getting harassed only because they dare to wear a skirt or a skinny jeans . 
  this is definitly happening , go to berlin-moabit and look at how men are behaving there . 
  it ai n't pretty . 
  true . 
  i 'm not religious but quite like christmas and i always tell people who call me out on it . 
  that said , from 5th grade on , we did n't really do anything related to christmas in school , no singing , no decoration . 
  tbh , a lot of germans will tell you that as well . 
  you 're completely right . 
  it 's crazy how clear that is to me today . 
  it definitly was way too late yesterday . 
  :d damn , 2016 numbers should interesting . 
  okay so 35,6 % of 2492 would be 887 . 
  8,6 % of those would be 76 . 
  76 of 2492 would be 3,05 % . 
  too high of course but not 8,6 % . 
  germany is doing that as well in addition to the others . 
  i do n't agree with our policy regarding refugees but i would never vote afd . 
  i would vote csu but i ca n't here in lower saxony . 
  i would never vote afd and i 'm still very critical of unchecked `` immigration '' . 
  not everything is black & white . 
  even if no refugees came anymore it would be a problem because over a million are already in the country . 
  i do n't get the `` despite '' . 
  exactly . 
  are you serious ? 
  who are all the other eu states wanting to take refugees of greece ? 
  pretty much my position . 
  pro-immigration , anti-open borders . 
  again , most people have no problem with actual refugees from syria . 
  because there are no jobs . 
  i actually quite like him . 
  i 'd love to try it so bad but i feel to ashamed to buy in my neighbourhood store . 
  people know me there ... 
  i do n't blame an ancient text , i blame those who chose to follow it . 
  i 'd rather die than live such a ` life ' . 
  i hope my dealers stay , they have the best hash in town .
