i ca n't even answer this ridicilous statement lol . 
  lol like / r/thenetherlands is our entire country then . . ? 
  this referendum is coming , like it or not , and you know what 's really great ? 
  you can choise between yes , or no . 
  are you fucking kidding me . . 
  enough to warrant a referendum in which every people that live here can vote . 
  are you mentally challenged ? 
  watch this , it even has subtitles ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lalqmaweo5u&amp;feature=youtu.be does n't seem very pro rusky does it . . ? 
  450.000 of our people . 
  people in this thread seem to be saying this is pro russian or something . . which is retarded . 
  it 's more a statement of us not wanting to get involved with everything eu and the undemocratic nature of the eu . 
  nobody even looked at the agreement in the hague , they just agreed with it because the eu said so . 
  please , go watch this video ( with english subs ) and tell me the organisers are pro russian . . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lalqmaweo5u&amp;feature=youtu.be, 
  what the fuck ? 
  geenstijl is not pro russian at all . 
  why are people from all over the world condemning our cry for democracy back into the eu when they have absolutely no clue what they 're on about ? 
  what ... ? 
  lot 's of pro eu propaganda on reddit lately . 
  we 're the netherlands , not ukraine . 
  we the people are done with the expansinistic approach of the eu and want our democracy back , this is our way to do it . 
  haha , thanks for the message , i missed that thread !, 
  sun goes down yeah , but it 's not black at all . 
  i must be drunk . 
  sun in winter sets at 5-6 here . . so quite surreal . 
  i went in summer though , wanted to see all the cool stars but always fell asleep because it took so long :d, 
  woah . 
  nono , look at germany too . 
  they did n't resize it correctly lol . 
  i know , pretty big but germany is also wident . 
  people keep telling me this and sure , i believe them , but when i was there i saw 0 hijabs etc. 
  was a nice part of town though , 
  they did n't really resize that map well did they ? 
  they made poland twice as wide lol . 
  it 's peugeot . 
  * sorry , keep correcting people on this :d *, 
  malmo and stockholm have regular-ish sun/darkness afaik . 
  it 's peugeot :(, 
  no , it 's shows they walked around it lol . 
  took a couple of days and with special thanks to the croats . 
  i like how the only people in / r/europe apologising and making excuses bear the german flag . 
  you do n't have to be political correct , you 've done great for 70 years , enough apologising , you can sometimes be a bit further right winged mate . 
  we wo n't call you nazi unlike . . well the rest of your country . 
  shut the fuck up , please . 
  yes but they need something to chant . 
  imagine them chanting your comment , just does n't work . 
  so both camps are stupid ? 
  why is n't there a camp making sense ? 
  more culture enrichment !, 
  we can just fish it out of the sea , there 's more `` refugees '' in there than fish soon !, 
  ah another swede completely brainwashed eh ? 
  how 's the immigration treating your country atm ? 
  anyone you know got brutaly raped yet ? 
  np , enjoy !, 
  hey , an idiot ancestor also forgot one letter in his city for me , 
  yeah you have fun with that mate !, 
  ill wonder if you still have that smile on your face when a close member of your family or friends get brutaly raped because islam . 
  you utter imbecile, 
  we used to say things like : in god 's name !!, 
  for the kingdom of god !!!, 
  too . 
  that was in the crusades though . 
  now we say oh my god , but we do n't do it while throwing rocks at our police forces do we ? 
  stop apologising for this , this is a disgrace . 
  that 's how multiple party systems work . . more than 2 that is . 
  i do n't get it , merkel was voted in 2013 with a fair vote . . ? 
  well yea , but i only know talkin ' fridgeee !, 
  i tried to talk about this fact with some german friends and took a right sector position and was branded nazi . 
  that 's all they know in germany right sector = the neonazi 's . 
  which is sad because other countries right sector is n't like this at all . 
  welfare-free ? 
  what happends to unemployed poles ? 
  that 's less than a student gets for . . studying in holland lol . 
  yes invented in the 60ties . 
  should ask the un about zwarte piet mate . . 
  nope , that 's a term from the 60ties meaning ; to become like finland . 
  look it up . 
  also they retreated and did n't want to die so . . you burn down your trail . 
  do n't bring your medieval religion and costums here , and holland was a protestant country . . we helped anyone willing to build our great country ( back then ) not give people money to do nothing . 
  ( right now ) and my parents are n't rich at all mate . 
  you honestly believe that ? 
  and even so 5000 people can do an aweful lot mate . 
  if we keep this up this will become a reality though . 
  welp , did n't notice your flag . 
  yeah you guys did a good job with the oil and immigration , great country , and i love visiting it !, 
  but you ca n't really say things like this if you do n't have the problem other countries have . 
  their future wo n't be bright here , i am just sickened by the sheer number of them searching a better future here . 
  go build one yourself , we did here . 
  ehm a big war . 
  but i do n't know what the fuck they are doing in europe but hey . 
  800k in germany alone this coming year . 
   to me it seems like they kept saying the media : hurdur we are hungry thirsty and have nothing !, 
  pls help !, 
  then the red cross gives aid and they refuse it . 
  and germany alone is letting in 800k of these people this year . 
  it 's sickening , i am very , very intresting in the elections ( i think a lot of countries have them in 2016 ), 
  check liveleak , it 's full of immigrants illegally crossing the border etc. 
  lem me dig it up  edit : http://www.geenstijl.nl/mt/archieven/2015/08/e_mineur_en_nu_allemaal_in_koor.html video is on there , feel free to google translate the page . 
  yea i realised my mistake . 
  i went over the gotthard this year with a peugeot 205 with 75 horse power . 
  it was fucking awesome , but there was already the tunnel right ( i remember a very long queue and me puffing past it :d ) is this an extension ?
