  we do n't want any association with either corrupt country , one of which has far right in their parlement and armed militias . 
  its corrupted to all hell , why send money that way , allow for visa free travel and send military support ? 
  and still every and all radar image is ` not needed ' according to dutch investigators . 
  this is the only air disaster ever that the dutch safety board does without radar images . 
  indeed , so we do n't want any association with you guys , 
  except people called for the referendum without russia 's help . 
  we do n't like russia , but we do n't want a or situation . 
  we do n't want either . 
  i am sorry to put your nose on the facts . 
  ca n't wait for april 6th . 
  it 's a chemical/pestisite ( ? ), 
  used in farming put in old milk containers . 
  the pressure mounts and goes boom . 
  also . . 2060 will see a lot of automation , so we will have unemployed low skilled workers, 
  you have to know that ukraine was well aware that a buk missile system had been spotted a day before . 
  they knew full well the dangers of this and proceeded anyhow at the loss of a lot of my countrymen and others . 
  i do n't agree with russia at all , but i also do n't want anything to do with ukraine . 
  that 's why i am very glad we got a referendum here . 
  because having a corrupt country that rerouted mh17 300 miles north so it would fly over a warzone is a brilliant candidate to join nato . 
  oh and do n't forget the agreement we had of not pushing nato more east . 
  i am also campaigning with the ( succesful ! ), 
  referendum on april 6th in the netherlands . 
  it 's great that all across europe we 're fighting our way back with the purest form of democracy, 
  also , why the bruises ? 
  was multiple people , not me , they came after me after harassing others . 
  happened on the train to amsterdam , on the streets , fastfood restaurant etc. 
  loved the trip , hated the atmosphere . 
  but the ferries are cool , give you that . 
  different neighbourhood ? 
  i was downtown , in the tourist trap visited the eye for the hateful8 70mm . 
  netherlands / = / amsterdam, 
  haha an anecdote , but it was my experience . 
  how would you know what dutch feels like when your german ?!, 
  architecture sure , feeling , no . 
  amsterdam central train station , all the way from the eye to madame tussaud, 
   i was there yesterday for the first time in about 15 years . 
  amsterdam is so fucked . 
  i was there yesterday for the first time in about 15 years . 
  beggars everywhere , found around 10 ( illegal ) syrian looking beggars asking for money . 
  when i said no , they did n't leave me alone but harassed me down the street . 
  women and men alike . 
  amsterdam feels like a foreign country , was n't talked to in my own language but only english or arabic . 
  weird to see this post go up and down by 30 points at a time . . 
  sons of immigrants is what he was looking for . 
  hmm , til !, 
  a brick, 
  also , most ` ak-47 's ' are just akm 's . 
  hahah , yes that is geenstijl for you ( literally means no style ) they think this ` cookielaw ' is fucking ridicilous , but hey law is law so they decided to go with a giant fucking banner . 
  but you can drive a car at 16 , drive it to walmart and buy an ar15 , 
  yeah , but to send a letter to every us citizen ? 
  i mean , they watch tv , internet etc ? 
  they do know 2016 is coming , we light fireworks , should be clear . 
  this is just creating panic , which the us seems to be very good at . . 
  no , this is 100 % real haha , reason i posted it is because i thought the same . 
  it was emailed to the web blog by . . well and american currently residing in the netherlands . 
  i love how they ` teach ' them what fireworks do . . 
  they explode !, 
  part 2 : http://www.geenstijl.nl/archives/images/vuurwerkconsulaat2.html apparantly we turn into violent isis people for about 8 hours . 
  why ? 
  muh money, 
  exactly . 
  remember , time will just get the person of the year to who ever will sell the most copies . 
  go read the wiki page again on this agreement then . 
  i am sure everything is filled with lies . 
  you do realise dutch eu mp 's were shouting on the maidan to join the eu ? 
  everything points towards membership in the following years . 
  egypt is quite a bit outside of europe , and we need the suez channel and house our militaries in egypt . . not that i agree with how egypt is ran now-a-days . 
   the other problem with ukraine is their strong-shift into radical nationalism ( glorifying upa , which co-operated with nazi germany and killed thousands of polish civilians ) . 
  yeah those guys are apparantly holding dutch stolen art treasures . . great lads , let them move freely across the eu , 
  do n't try , this guy apparantly knows what the association treaty is all about lol , even though it specifically states that we will allow visa free travel with this treaty . 
  we fear that even more organised criminals will flood the eu , and get easy acces to weapons since well . . there a war and anyone requiring an ak or even heavier weaponary could get it a lot more easier there . 
  also , return our art , do the reforms , then we talk is what a lot of people want . 
  i think it 's impressive that ukraine got away from the russian sphere of influence , that does n't mean you can come running to the eu asap , we want to uphold standards and not get another greece . 
  we already got enough signatures to hold a nation wide referendum in which anyone can vote as long as they are a citizen of the netherlands . 
  ( not sure about caribbean part of our kingdom ) also , we know it will probably do jack all in the eu , but we as citizens are using this more of a message to the political elite in our country and of course the eu , we want a bigger say into politics and not be dictated : hey guys ukranian is now in association with us  and a few years later : hey guys the ukrain is now in the eu/nato ( which many people rightfully fear ) this is a desperate cry of the people for democracy and a fight apparantly many people can get behind . 
  i know , but it 's part of the association treaty ( which does n't mean membership ) almost nobody knows about this treaty , but every eu country signed it , apparantly without their citizens knowing jack about it . 
  a lot are opposed but we ca n't hold a referendum about future laws , only retro actively , so if they were to be accepted we could then vote for a referendum . 
  it 's a new law ( july 2015 afaik ) and is a bit silly in that regard . 
  i hope we move more towards the swiss model . 
  also look at the wikipedia page  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukraine%e2%80%93european_union_association_agreement yes wikipedia is a very closed far right collection of sources eh ? 
  translated : the association agreement provides an impetus for the abolition of visa requirements . 
  ukraine is known as a country where human trafficking , prevent drug smuggling and illegal prostitution . 
  the aim of the association agreement is that citizens of ukraine visa-free to the eu should be able to travel . 
  that can make it easier for criminals to move unseen to the european union . 
  part of the agreement of this association treaty is that we 're offering ukraine visa free travel . 
  go read all the 800 pages and report back , 
   the acceptance of new members ( ukraine ) in the european union , you heard wrong . 
  it 's about the association treaty , which contains this visa-free travel . 
  so everybody saying i am off topic is wrong themselves . 
  we 're voting on the association treaty which , suprise suprise contains the visa-free travel . 
  we in holland will hold a referendum about this in april of 2016 . 
  we got together almost half a million signatures to call this , as we 're very opposed to the undemocratic nature of the eu . 
  we want our say , and with the blantant corruption we 're seeing in ukraine , a bloody war being fought in the east and their far right militias stealing our art and trying to sell it back to us , many of us are just done with this , we do n't want to keep expanding our sphere of influence . 
  we could only hold the referendum about one of the nations in the association treaty between the eu and moldova , ukraine and georgia , so we settled for ukraine . 
  i just signed up to campaign for this referendum using subsidies as well . 
  i will not be campaigning for yes or no , i will be neutral and just urge people to let their voice be heard in the new democracy , one we are forced to create ourselves . 
  edit : okay downvote a cool referendum iniative without even commenting why , democracy and discussion fuck no !, 
  nordic . 
  whatever , everyone to join scandinavia, 
  haha thanks , i was just kidding of course but ill look into it ( the militia ),
