  yeah indeed !, 
  and ill sign up for the national militia while i am there to get some training in :p i do n't think willy would like me fighting for a foreign army , but it beats syria . 
  what ? 
  the gdp per capita is just a little lower than the netherlands , and it 's a high income society . 
  it should be around 4/5th of dutch wage . 
  cool !, 
  is the size comparable to holland aka good roads , directly leading everywhere ? 
  i might try and get a summer job around the baltics in tourism . 
  swim ? 
  i imagined it being even colder than the netherlands . 
  did you visit west or east ? 
  i think they learned their lesson . . twice . 
  simon is an awesome lad . 
  got kidnapped by the east ukranians and is still going strong . 
  selfie soldiers was amazing . 
  also , your north is a natural chokepoint . 
  just . . just do n't get flanked . 
  estonia looks like such a fun wacky country . 
  is the tourism sector anything ? 
  also , this is reddit so please , tell me why it actually is a horrible sucky country  also , they are scandinavian in my mind . 
  eesti can into scandinavia, 
  no you buffoon , they still shot it after not getting a response on the radio . 
  that 's not the common way to communicate , the cabin of the su24 could have depresurised and the pilots passed out , that 's why you need visual contact . 
  the f16 approached it head on and fired a missile . 
   they only violated our airspace once in many years ehm no , they do it almost every other week . 
  most of it 's classified tho, 
  was n't that the renactment by a turkish newsstation ? 
  i would like the actual radio call , if it was as shitty to hear i do n't blame the russians for not understanding them that well , besides they were on a bombing run and scraped the border for 10 seconds . 
  sure , invasion of airspace should not be tolerated , but you do n't fire as soon as you get no response from radio . 
  we dutchies get ruskies in our skies as well , we try to establish radio contact , if this fails we send up f16 's to check if the pilots are okay , and try to get escort them out of our airspace . 
  if they keep pushing we will ask for permission to down it . 
  yeah i found that out today . 
  apparantly garbalbalkgght means : please be advised , you are entering restricted airspace , over . 
  well if this came in over the radio i would turn it off . 
  i ca n't hear shit , over and out !, 
  but , ruskies do n't speak turkish . 
  hahaha , we do n't have ammo but you do n't have guns !!!, 
  ~ ~ the netherlands, 
  hey look at the flair !, 
  let 's shoot more planes :d, 
  could you ehm . . zoom out a bit ? 
  does anyone have a map of where it was downed ? 
  turkish-syrian border is long . 
  religion makes bad people do bad things . 
  edit : or at least justifies it . 
  ehm , that 's beirut , and look muslims murdering fellow muslims for having a different belief . 
  i wonder what this will change in our immigration policies . 
  * moves *, 
  has a lake with a church in it . 
  edit : and people walk their dogs , rollerblade and fly kites on the airfields . 
  also it 's quiet as fuck , even in cities . 
  i did that , found the only flashbox in germany . 
  hmm . . 
  so . . we riot ? 
  can we please just do anything ? 
  i am up for a riot , let 's go !, 
  sounds really good , but these guys are still making a profit so you should n't go all that fanboying , they excist to take your money not help you , 
  yeah , so edit your comment . 
  yeah attacking 50 armed soldiers in a regular car was n't that great of an idea . 
  bit young eh ? 
  alright * gets stgw 57 and old double barreled shotgun *, 
  he 's an active conscript as a medic . 
  so yes the stgw 90 is army property . 
  the older stgw was also military issued , but his dad has retired and got to keep the gun , any idea on that ? 
  sig 510 and he owns the current stgw 90 of course . 
  so ammo for 510 is easy to home own , and the new model can still be bought but only at the range ? 
  we wanted to go shooting but the entire gun range was on holiday lol . 
  gon na have to drive back , 
  he has the new sig sauer and the older model mentioned in the pic from his father . 
  could he buy that ammo or does it both use gp90 ? 
  anyway to get standard stanag ? 
  haha , i thought it got way too drunk when my swiss mates started talking swiss german . 
  cool , i went to a swiss friend who is in the army and he told me he could n't keep the ammo around the house though . . ? 
  do you need a permit for the ammo ? 
  yay !, 
  we 're getting like 30 , instead of 150 f16 's . 
  bombing armed groups that want to overthrow you ? 
  are you guys also buying into the stupid f35 ? 
  nono , they mean targeted with bombs and bullets . 
  he did n't go to the press , i think he was actually ` strongly adviced ' not to . 
  terrorist threads . 
  however the actual army staff has currently ordered all members of atleast den helder 's base to not wear it . 
  which is kinda odd , because the regular clothing is allowed and they still carry backpacks which has ministery of defense all over it . 
  my cousin was attacked by moroccans for wearing his navy uniform just last week . 
  called him a cancerfag and attacked him , he fought one off no problem and the others backed off . 
  it 's also illegal in holland to wear your uniform but he had to go to the drumbands where there was no dressing room . . 
  welcome to modern europe i suppose . 
  edit : should mention this was within a 100 meter stroll down a public square . 
  ( he came out from the tram ), 
  what ? 
  nono , other way around . 
  we are passing a law to stop people importing their minors brides !, 
  woop !, 
  `` le water is wet . '', 
  and invading liechtenstein by mistake . . 
  i heard you guys drove some tanks in there . . !, 
  yeah give us the rich dutch half !, 
  - the netherlands . 
  we would defo be the beer country than . 
  and . . weed chocolade !
