  welp , keep shouting at people and they will listen . 
  this is why i fear for the millions of refugees currently ( mostly illegal ) coming into europe , if only a small percentage radicalises we are fucked . 
  i also do n't see them leaving when the conflict is finally over . 
  have you seen the images of the macedonian border patrol offering food to refugees and them saying `` no '' because it was not ` halal ' ? 
  these people are not in need of food apparantly and that 's ok to us , it just baffles me . 
  also the images of the border looks like a bloody invasion and we ca n't legally stop them , the only way to actually stop them is build a wall or . . shoot them . 
  but nobody will do that and i do n't agree to that either of course , it 's just ... 
  i feel helpless atm . 
  look around in your own country mate . 
  do n't come to europe . 
  we do n't want you here abd we ca n't help you . 
  of course , or middle eastern . 
  easy to guess . 
  muslims are n't a race . 
  hey , you guys got nukes from uncle sam too ? 
  we too !, 
  but it 's a secret shht . 
  also about the firework disaster in enschede storing old dutch army mines . 
  also , do n't forget . . 
  the dacia sandero !, 
  true . 
  we were even letting them store oil in our harbours . 
  however they cancelled that yesterday because they did n't have enough money . 
  therefor i am very angry , also as a dutchie , that the dutch government and most airliners knew that there were buk aa systems on the rebel site and decided : welp let 's save fuel and still fly there . 
  the undemocratic nature of the eu says a whole lot but does something completely different . 
  do n't worry the eu has already made plans for ukraine , georgia and moldovia to join the eu . 
  no really they did give permission last week , it 's no where in the news and my sources are dutch . . basicly the same as croatia in 2001 who joined in 2013 so yes , it could take time but it 's ridicilous . 
  does n't help the fact they killed civilians after that . 
  dutch armed forces could n't even help them . 
   although that is not saying much for a right wing populist party when you make such a thread keep your opinion out of it . 
  as a dutchmen it 's funny to read all the turkish dutchmen celebrating online on facebook and message boards . 
  makes me feel sick , also because dutch turks voted for erdogans party with the highest percentage in europe . 
  mass deportation !, 
  shit . 
  this is norway , where people do n't see prison as frew labour factories, 
  we will be 100 % fine, 
  was expecting : `` there does n't seem to be anything here . '', 
  swedish media ? 
  being negative ? 
  towards muslims ?!, 
  now this is news . 
  yep , we should n't have flown there . 
  it was stupid and reckless . 
  nah , we should stop provoking, 
  unarmed jets, 
  it is n't . 
  we really want russia to see them as evil bad guys , but we got nato and big guns . 
  us navy has nothing to do there either , they are being the agressor here . 
  a few flybys in international waters do n't hurt anyone . 
  it is in the baltics ... 
  yea uhm ... kalingrad is kinda russian, 
  except this was international waters of the coast of russian territory, 
  http://www.standaard.be/cnt/dmf20160405_02220122 https://www.rt.com/op-edge/338675-ukraines-petro-poroshenko-biggest-loser/ http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35958762 hope that helps . 
  basically he is ukraine 's willy wonka and stashed his chocolate money offshore , while the people of ukraine suffered . 
  would love the source of the water you 're drinking . 
  i mean another bankrupt country being involved in the eu , but thinking ahead seems to be hard . 
  no problem , i hope it helped you ` understand ' our `` no '' vote as a simple `` no '' can hide many words behind it . 
  remember greece ? 
  we want that to happen again , but this time with an active war involved !, 
  first they ignore you , then they laugh at you , then they fight you . . 
  hi there !, 
  i voted against , after a long campaign for a high turn out i did . 
  the reasons are that the blatant corruption of ukraine wo n't be fixed by giving the new parliament money . 
  as we now know from the panama papers which poroschenko was involved in . 
  also , animal rights are a shit show in ukraine and i do n't want that meat imported here . 
  and finally the war . 
  we have a lot of military commitments with this treaty and i am very much against putting oil on the fire . 
  the trade part ( 95 % ) is excellent , but with a no vote , this wo n't be changed . 
  our political leaders will review it , and make changes . 
  the no voters hope to bring the changes about of the things i said above , and as a lot of people hope , make commitments to not have ukraine join the eu in the future . 
  i hope this helps understand why so many people voted against !, 
  i wo n't be moved , not in dutch or english . 
  keeo your leftist views of : go away lol lollol to yourself, 
  nah , do n't want greece 2.0 thank you !, 
  we 're not stopping this , if you think so you are in fact delusional . 
  most no voters want to change the treaty , the only logical step , and take the ridicilous parts out . 
  please tell me the retail of that magic ball ? 
  anyhow , we will renegotiate and get a much better deal , with trade and nothing more than that . 
  a trade treaty , no association with a country in active conflict . 
  at least , that 's what we hope will happen , otherwise we will have a few million very angry people and we will be on the euro maidan square , 
  nah , visum is in there alright , go read the treaty . 
  yours is half true , it will require another treaty on top of this one . . 
  bureaucracy , yeah !, 
  no , it will cause imports of poor chickens , so we hope a no will cause better conditions, 
  exactly , do n't want a proxy war with russia , so holland voted no, 
  o absolutely , but we do n't want them in here . 
  ( the chickens , not the people ) the problem is , those poor ukrainians will not benefit from this treaty , as researched by ukrainian researchers . 
  this was a valid concern and the reason our animal rights party campaigned the ` no ' vote . 
  mate , regular ukrainians like you wo n't notice anything this treaty does . 
  we will drop military aid hopefully , visa free travel and improve your animal rights . 
  the trade will go through . 
  do n't be scared by the lack of nuance and propaganda here . 
  edit : should mention , i did vote against . 
  i was in favor for 95 % of the treaty , but the 5 % was way too extreme for me , my no vote will now hopefully cause it to change , and leave the good parts in . 
  this was a ` correction ' by the people . 
  edit : welcome to democracy !, 
  i state my vote and instantly go negative hahah, 
  no . . that 's the problem , ukraine is fine and this treaty wo n't affect any ukrainians . 
  we will now hopefully renogiatate the military , animal rights and visum free travel . 
  so we will make a better deal .
