  and i 'm pretty sure sweden , italy , spain and poland are n't going to guarantee the falklands anytime soon ... 
  so , what happens if the position of britain and france is that european affiliated territories in south america should be guaranteed self determination through military force , but the eu thinks any dispute should go to the un ? 
  considering britain and france are the bedrock of any eu foreign policy , they are unlikely to give away power to something which is undermining them . 
  unfortunately , in the world of international relations the worth of the views of countries in international alliances are largely dependent on their ability to contribute . 
  the point of the referendum is to dismiss the myth that the eu is willing and able to reform if pressure is placed upon it . 
  we have been told for around a decade and a half know that everyone knows the eu has problems but that it is working on them and that we need to jut stay in and wait . 
  lots of people respond by saying that pressure will make this quicker . 
  cameron 's objective is to show that the eu is crap and needs reform , but it is n't going to do so . 
  irrespective , we should still probably stay in for the economic benefits . 
  just means its perfect kite flying territory, 
  can i quietly plug the beeches in st andrews ? 
  there are three of them , it is one of the driest places in the uk and they are really quiet beautiful . 
  they are the ones depicted in chariots of fire . 
  well , it would be if it were not a cunning british plot to lull the french into a false sense of security , then in the future convince large numbers of them into the tunnel before flooding it , killing them all . 
  i mean , what ? 
  i should n't have said that ... no ... 
  it is a testament to mankind working together and overcoming past historical animosity ... 
  honest ... 
  god gave us a channel to ensure we are n't . 
  if god wanted them to keep their stuff , why did he make it so easy for britain to conquer them ? 
  checkmate . 
  yeah , but london has more of the world 's stolen cultural relics and high quality football teams . 
  yeah , but that does n't take into account the cost of a pint in dublin for the executives and accountants . 
  then it goes up to around 50 % . 
  who are we going to shoot with our longbows if the french are n't nicely lining up their nobility within range of the arrows ? 
  what you call populism , i call accountability and ` doing what the people want you to do ' . 
  the person responsible for that campaign felt a bit strange because he knew it was a crap message but expected it just to distract the opposition for an afternoon and make things just a little bit more difficult for them . 
  when the yes campaign ended up coming across as a bunch of out of touch corrupt idiots in their response , he just upped the coverage a bit . 
  again , they handled it atrociously . 
  it ended up being the dominant narrative of the campaign almost entirely inadvertently because the yes camp was just too incompetent to actually deal with it . 
  the public voted no because the yes campaign was the worst campaign the world has ever seen which almost certainly did more harm to itself than good . 
  i 'm not sure how i would so it , but i would very much like to have a more democratic system whereby the people making decisions in brussels can be periodically turfed out by the public and the civil service at the top have their wages and perks removed . 
  i do n't like the idea of any government not being terrified of the people . 
  do n't worry everyone . 
  catherine ashton is on the case !, 
  i expect ukraine to have been annexed by russia by next tuesday . 
  if you open it up in private mode , you should get around the paywall . 
  see !, 
  it has a use except for porn !, 
  it 's almost as if snowdon and the guardian deliberately waited until a european summit in order to harm the procedure and sell more papers ... 
  yes . 
  they do . 
  getting high grades , a scholarship , and universal praise from the professors who are most knowledgeable about the subject in question at one of the worlds foremost universities makes someone intelligent . 
  it is the most effective way that we have of measuring these things . 
  expecially when he has followed up on this by becoming prime minister . 
  by any and all manners by which you can judge intelligence , cameron is in the top 0.5 % . 
  cameron started the top classes at his prep school two years early . 
  he got straight as at gcse level and an exhibition ( a kind of scholarship ) to oxford , where his tutors almost uniformally remember him as one of the most intelligent students they ever taught , graduating with a first . 
  cameron is smarter than 99 % of the public , almost everyone on reddit , and is one of the best analysers of british politics alive at the moment . 
  disagreeing with someone does not make them an idiot . 
  them saying stupid things to attract the votes of stupid people does not make them idiots . 
  well , one presumes there would be a difference between people who are ethnically english , the celts and the descendants of other immigrants who self identify as british in their eyes , so ` brits ' would probably be a difficult term for them . 
  the most popular reforms the government have introduced have been the tax cuts given to the poor and the welfare reforms intended to cap benefits at # 26,000 . 
  when steven harper , john key and tony abbott are all winning solid majorities with more right wing policies , just asserting that a more conservative approach would n't work is not enough in the current context . 
  in the words of tywin lannister , `` explain to me why it is more noble to kill 10,000 men in battle than a dozen at dinner '' . 
  when we decide that a state has become evil , oppressive and needs to be removed , why is it better to dismantle the state itself costing thousands of lives on both sides when an assassination could effectively achieve all of our objectives with significantly less death . 
  and , after ten years of communication and planning the irish president and the members of the oireachtas go to london to have a nice , ceremonial banquet with the british establishment to finally put everything in the past behind them . 
  they all sit down to have a nice meal with bread and sald . 
  but wait , how atrocious is the band that is playing ? 
  and why did they close those doors ? 
  the old lady smiles . 
  they thought they could reject and escape her rule . 
  it took the majority of her reign to plan , but they would finally be brought back into the fold by force . 
  the song rings out : ` and who , are you , the proud lord said ... ', 
  if you look closely at what i said , my point was of the willingness of ` people ' ( as in , independents , the general public , people who are not members of ukip ) to vote for the party in greater numbers for certain elections , hence why ukip did far better in 2009 than 2010 . 
  i did not dispute that there are plenty of people in ukip who are supporters and ideologically loyal to the principles it espouses . 
  the ironic thing within the english perspective is that the primary reason why people are willing to vote for ukip in the european elections are that they see it as a pointless election where they can use ukip as a stick to beat the governing parties and opposition with . 
  in 2009 it was their opportunity to show displeasure with brown , here it will be their chance to show disdain for cameron , clegg and miliband . 
  english voters see it as a pointless distraction other than to show displeasure with westminster , so they elect a pointless distraction . 
  he is right . 
  i 'm sorry , but if you are a student looking for a summer job on minimum wage or something part time and you are competing with people who can work full time and give it all of their focus for the same wages you stand little chance of doing so . 
  why hire apprentices or entry level british youngsters when you could hire an experianced immigrant ? 
  i still support increased immigration and competition in labour markets because i believe the benefits far outweigh the harms , but ignoring the harms altogether and pretending they do n't affect people is why the anti-immigration lobby gain so much traction . 
  starting up schools can be difficult and problematic . 
  it would make a lot more sense to give it a couple of years for them to work out the initial problems and then judge the success or failure of the policy . 
  one of the recent stories mentioned a jewish school which changed some exam questions to censor evolution . 
  while that is disgusting and problematic , they still finished in the top 20 % of schools for science . 
  personally , i 'm more worried about the education in the children of the 80 % of schools that were beaten by a bunch of scientifically illiterate self censoring religious fundamentalists than the 20 % that are getting one of the best educations in the country other than regarding evolution . 
  constitutional monarchy for the win !, 
  well , if you are entirely isolated from the effects and the impacts and your primary ambition is to beef up your liberal credentials , then it is really simple . 
  if you are constrained by living in the real world and accepting that this sort of thing can have horrible consequences it just makes things harder . 
  i doubt anyone in retrospect would have published the fact we had an enigma machine and were sacrificing civilian lives for the war effort in world war 2 , but at the time it was debateable and unknown . 
  it is difficult . 
  no idea . 
  that said , i wonder how many of those praising the guardian for publishing this would have supported the mirror 's publishing the faked iraq torture photos in the face of the ` public interest ' ? 
  do n't worry . 
  do n't panic . 
  far-right/left ( hereafter referred to as ` extreme ' ) parties are only elected when the political mainstream has failed so completely and utterly in every way , shape and form that another , more extreme party is looming on the sidelines . 
  consequently , an extremist party that can portray itself as a more centrist version of another extremist party then attracts support from moderates . 
  industrialists , businessmen and certain academics did n't vote for mussolini and hitler because they agreed with him . 
  they did so because they were terrified of the communists getting in and killing them all . 
  when an extremist party gets into power , it is despite them being extremist rather than because of it . 
  as nowadays we have lots of different political parties and we do n't have the same existential threat as we did before with fascism/communism , it is highly unlikely we are going to get another extremist government . 
  when parties do well , it is because they play on anti-immigrant arguments largely lifted from the left . 
  as long as a moderate and competent left wing party does it , things should be fine . 
  plus , nowadays we do n't let people dissolve parliaments or suspend democracy . 
  that helps ensure that things wo n't get too bad . 
  a cup of tea and bacon sandwiches . 
  england 's superhero would look like george smiley , wearing a boring suit , frequently just wandering around talking to people . 
  he would survive off cups of tea .
