  i dislike the characterisation less because it is inaccurate and more for the smug sense of superiority one tends to receive from people who assume all anti-eu people are knuckle-dragging morons rather than people with legitimate concerns who are being failed by the status quo and riled up by politicians seeking to acquire political capital while doing nothing about it . 
  the fourth is the most fun . 
  the majority of english people do n't want to restart the empire , but the idea of holding power and influence in the world , acting as a moral agent to try and do the right thing is an appealing one . 
  i like the idea of being a force for good in the world when others would not act , although if our role were to be replaced by more regional actors doing what we perceive as ` the right thing ' then i think most of us would be greatful . 
  oh , and it is quite fun to annoy argentines and spaniards every now and again . 
  and it gets me lots of karma on polandball , so i 'm okay with it . 
  it reminded me of [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nolsxek.png ) comic, 
  no need to swear . 
  the aral sea , caspian sea , dead sea and salton sea are all landlocked seas which are not connected to the ocean . 
  no they do n't . 
  the caspian sea is a endorheic basin . 
  huh . 
  did n't know about the canal . 
  moldova does n't have a coastline . 
  that somewhat limits the efficacy of a warship . 
  i 'm also not entirely sure how you think they are going to get the ship to the caspian sea to attack azerbaijan and turkmenistan . 
  well , time to get crucified : 50,000 people die each day from non-age related causes . 
  while this was undoubtedly a tragedy and we should take every effort to make sure it does n't happen again , it seems to have been a bunch of people mistaking a passenger plane for a military or spy plane and shooting it down . 
  i 'm not exactly sure what people want to happen or whether action would actually be in anyones self interest . 
  i mean , it would make us feel better , but why not just ignore these deaths like we do all the others ? 
  if it prevents an escalation in tensions between the ukraine and russia and keeps us out of it , then it is the best solution for us . 
  at the risk of heresy , there is nothing stopping us from just stealing the american bases in the meantime . 
  it would annoy the yanks and cost us some money , but it would be an effective stopgap . 
  you do n't seem to be understanding the situation here . 
  if they do not side with us , we 'll go full rains of castamere on them . 
  no land , no wealth , no titles . 
  just death and deep fried mars bars to keep them company . 
  or , in other words , people that we can bribe with offers of land and serfs into supporting us . 
  yes , but they are based in glasgow . 
  ergo , when we attack everyone will be drunk off their arses from independence so we can steal both the weapons and also all of your precious stones for crowning back . 
  and your whisky . 
  and anything else of value . 
  giving the option of killing scottish people and annexing their oil fields is more of a positive than a negative ... 
  england : war with france . 
  let 's be clear , the horrible treatment of the inheritance of aquitane just can no longer stand and it is necessary for us to regain lands that are rightfully ours . 
  in addition , our nation just seems happier when fighting the french , it gives us a sense of unity , purpose . 
  drive . 
  something to really aspire to . 
  we 've gone long enough with our current ceasefire with them , it 's just time for another war . 
  further it drives innovation , investment in new technologies to get advantages over them . 
  unemployment down , spending on industry goes up . 
  all in all , no real downsides . 
  and in order to be part of those coalitions cameron needs to compromise on pretty much everything he believes . 
  hence his party left their past group and started their own . 
  it has been ineffective . 
  oh , and we 've been trying all of this time . 
  it 's just that we keep getting ignored , betrayed or dodged . 
  blair gave up billions for promises of reform which were entirely disregarded . 
  the only argument that remains for remaining in the eu in britain is the cold , cruel utilitarian calculus . 
  when thats the case , why not create a whole load of hell ? 
  better to get a few ukip votes and be ignored than one or two lib dem votes and be ignored . 
  y' know ? 
  the bit where we are told we have to give up our rebate , be part of poltical blocks we are principally opposed to in order to have influence ? 
  as to what cameron wants , i point you towards the article he wrote explaining what he [ wants ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/10700644/david-cameron-the-eu-is-not-working-and-we-will-change-it.html ) eurosceptics have won every european election in the uk since 1994 . 
  dismiss this as clegg being clegg , but no pro-europe voice has emerged . 
  you realise that yes minister was an amusing tv show , not a statement of policy , right ? 
  britain does n't want the eu to fail miserably . 
  they want it to succeed . 
  but they see an addict who has convinced themselves that every problem is solved by another hit of expanded powers , limited oversight and more money . 
  we 've spent the last 17 years being told that the eu will reform if we do what they ask it to . 
  that if we acquire ` influence ' or ` allies ' then we will finally get the kind of change we want . 
  that failed . 
  so we 're now trying asking a bit harder . 
  you call that obstructionism . 
  we call it laying the chips on the table . 
  the only british political party advocating an expansion of the eu got completely crushed a few weeks ago . 
  this was the last chance for something other than a gradual evolution into a future none in britain want . 
  you ca n't say we have n't tried to warn you of the consequences . 
  to a eurosceptic british public exceptionally cynical about the prospect of european reform cameron 's stock will go up rather than down from this defeat . 
  he did his best . 
  he has the backing of his party , labour and even the guardian in opposing juncker and while he did n't win , most people will percieve him as having done the right thing . 
  ah yes , the age old ` we invest now and it unquestioningly pays for itself through increased taxes ' gambit . 
  here 's the thing : there are consequences . 
  you raise it in taxes , that affects the economy . 
  take it in loans that affects the market for loanable funds which , you guessed it , affects the economy . 
  you give hundreds of thousands of people jobs then they are n't doing other jobs . 
  many of which might be generating more production and more sustainable in the long run . 
  i say this not to dispute the fact state investment can sometimes be a good thing . 
  it can . 
  but to blindly assert that there will be no cost is moronic , unconvincing and harms the case for spending for anyone who does n't already agree with it . 
  ` not london ', 
  because cameron does n't know if a free trade deal is on the table and how many powers can realisitically be repatriated . 
  until that sort of information is provided , cameron is not certain that he can actually get what he wants . 
  in such a situation , preventing the eu from getting more power is in his strategic interests . 
  plus , ukip would be annoyed at him if he did n't . 
  other than the pride of pro-europeans , i do not see the downside to this . 
  britain is not and has not ever been convinced by the principally pro-european case beyond the basic trade deal they were sold by a political class which wanted to enter europe . 
  this is n't the eu 's fault , it is our politicians fault and they have attempted to rectify it by delaying , distracting and undermining the process while not giving the public a vote . 
  we do n't bugger up europe . 
  if it is mutually beneficial to both sides and the electorate are convinced of its merits then we can enter at a later date . 
  if it all goes tits up , we get to do the ' i told you so dance ' . 
  everybody wins . 
  britain and british eurosceptics are not principally opposed to a united states of europe . 
  we just do n't want to be part of it . 
  offer us a free trade deal in exchange for us co-operating and facilitating europe 's rise . 
  it is in our interests , you would n't have to worry about the continual threat of a british referendum effing everything up , and the issue of british territories abroad stop being a block on a european army . . 
  the reason they are bit in the group is not because they have failed to recognise that they would have more influence in it . 
  it is because they are principally opposed to the aims and ambitions of the party itself . 
  through our purity , kindness and moral fibre we have set an example for other countries which can not possibly be met , causing them internal strife . 
  we should be sorry for that .
