  i 'm saying they are ruthlessly attempting to achieve their strategic goals irrespective of regulations and laws . 
  wars involve blowing people and places up . 
  if you strongly monitor the modern weapons people use , and they have stockpiles of other weapons which were sold ages ago and are n't monitored , if they want to destroy something without falling foul of the monitoring they 'll use the latter . 
  this is n't a disney movie , it 's war . 
  regulations and restrictions only make it mildly more difficult to destroy things or people , not impossible . 
  we have trident ... 
  we do often deliberately cause chaos in europe for our own personal amusements/strategic goals . 
  its kind of our thing . 
  it gets a bit depressing when the people ruling you are incompetant compromise candidates your country still did n't want but got overruled by . 
  in response to someone talking about ireland . 
  temporarily unoccupied western-most wales ? ', 
  we 're five times more popular than the germans . 
  i 'm counting that as a win . 
  you might kill and steal shit from french people . 
  that would be horrible . 
  honestly . 
  did sweden just make an anal sex joke ? 
  the germans might be annoyed with us . 
  you might get annoyed enough to mass your troops on the northern side of france and impotently fail to do anything meaningful with them . 
  we should have been , and we should be right now . 
  we 're not last !, 
  take that you german cunts . 
  i distrust any jury system that results in the uk getting 12 points . 
  no-one with talent would do eurovision rather than being successful . 
  no-one with good sense . 
  well . 
  we 're fucked . 
  please do n't make us last . 
  its not our fault we 're shit . 
  getting lots of wizard of oz and power rangers vibes from malta there . 
  latvia 's coming across like a lovesick amalgamation of all of one direction who just fell of a motorbike . 
  everyone in the cyprus band looks like they 're going through a midlife crisis, 
  damn convicts . 
  coming over here , taking our eurovision slots . 
  poland looks like a homeless libertines fan . 
  there 's also the obvious problem that , considering how strong our music industry is , only the incompetent , useless or stupid end up doing eurovision rather than , y' know , becoming successful . 
  i think they should replace the random intro videos with a half minute summary of the geopolitical implications of not voting for the country in question . 
  of course we are the second most liked country . 
  we 're magnificent . 
  the only reason people like the swedes more is that they stopped their viking raids , and everyone 's quite grateful for that . 
  you assume that the entire of nationalism is that it creates a negative perception of others . 
  my argument is that the overwhelming majority of its reality is a creation of positive feelings towards duties and obligations towards others helping to secure and justify the acquisition of collective goods not accessible through individual action alone . 
  the good should not be ignored because it can be utilised for bad , as that is the case with everything in politics . 
  every ideology that has been tried has a litany of failed case studies . 
  if you want to see the problems that result from a lack of nationalism , look at the litany of failed democracies in africa where rather than any sense of the national self politics has devolved back into ethnicism , tribalism and despotism . 
  i also reject your idea that politics is only made up of people discussing the objective truth in a manner that is convincing to the political elite . 
  attempting to explain confusing and difficult concepts in simple terms that are accessible to a wide range of different audiences , particularly the less well educated and disenfranchised , is a good rather than a bad thing , particularly with nationalism as it can be justified on a number of different intellectual levels . 
  americans are basically just inferior bastard englishmen , so i 'll allow it . 
  for someone with pretensions of enlightenment you have an exceptionally superficial and ignorant idea of what nationalism means in the 21st century . 
  it is not just a flag . 
  nationalism includes a wider range of civic and ethnic arguments on an exceptionally wide range of different issues , including whether people have moral and societal obligations to their compatriots , what interactions and obligations they have to a state or its people , and how and why they should interact with democratic systems whose citizenry , in theory , drive the popular sovereignty of the state in question . 
  it provides an accessible and effective understanding of how and why individuals should interact with the state in a manner which is not exclusively utilitarian or libertarian in nature . 
  yes , sometimes this is bad and can be utilised by demagogues for their political benefit , but it can and almost always is utilised by mainstream politicians to strengthen ties between societies and result in net positives . 
  it generally provides much greater common day to day goods in a format that lots of people instinctively understand in a more effective way without having to read a whole bunch of books that will elevate them to the elites on your intellectual plane . 
  even if you do n't particularly like it , you should be aware that a large amount of political discourse you like is almost certainly justified to the electorate on some level through nationalist terms , and there is a good chance that if you take it away , people 's reaction is less enlightened utopia and more disintegration of the state . 
  finally , i 'd remind you that nationalism is not straight xenophobia . 
  if we accept nations are hotbeds of racial and ethnic tension , nationalism is often an exceptionally effective way of curtailing them by promoting an alternate identity more accessible based on nationality rather than ethnicity , indeed the idea of nation building is often a fundamental part of helping fragile states with ethnic tensions become more peaceful and stable . 
  i think that the spectre of nationalism is all too often utilised by progressives and socialists in a simplistic attack that does nothing other than tell usually rich , white , liberal and socialist europeans that they are better than the poor , uneducated masses who nationalism appeals to while strengthening the belief amongst such individuals and undecideds that those groups are actually just lazy , out of touch gits while ignoring the important and legitimate grievances usually utilised by nationalists for political gain . 
  nah , ca n't be bothered with all these disagreements about phone networks . 
  i just went with tesco and really do n't see why people are making such a big deal about a company that does n't even give people two for one cinema tickets on wednesdays anymore . 
  it 's not complicated . 
  we 're awesome , and you ca n't handle our awesomeness . 
  i assume . 
  not really studied irish history . 
  if there were any issues , i 'm sure i would have read about them in the mail . 
  yeah , but any list of british offenses that includes it is just getting kind of pedantic by that point . 
  on a purely historical level , i am outraged and disgusted by such disrespect towards a great nation , their people , and their sacrifice . 
  as a loyal and patriotic englishman , i have never felt more proud of the yanks . 
  taking the trolling of the french to an entirely new level . 
  well played kiddo . 
  well played . 
  harder to rig an american election than any other , and it has n't happened since 1960 . 
  people pretend they want news but usually are n't willing to pay for it . 
  clicks pay better . 
  i answered . 
  because the us is an overpowering hegemon , so all that matters is keeping them on side and doing what they want , meaning they can drag everyone else along with them . 
  who is that in europe ? 
  you really think people will sacrifice billions of euros and hundreds of lives to keep merkel happy ? 
  we provide diplomatic cover and military assistance to the united states , who agrees to use the world 's largest military to destroy everyone who fucks with us , while everyone else pretends to be willing to fight in that conflict like their involvement matters . 
  keeping up appearances is literally the entire point of nato . 
  i 'm really surprised how unwilling people are to do it . 
  just because we 've left does n't mean we were wrong . 
  the arguments remain the same : an eu army is unworkable . 
  either every country gets a veto , which means putin just needs to rig one little election to bring everything crumbling to its knees ( which the french are smart enough to know ) , or countries can be compelled to war against the expressed wishes of their national governments . 
  neither of those are ever going to happen . 
  i 'm just curious as to when it is going to become obvious . 
  my money is on when the unruly russian ` firefighters ' cross the border , and the irish parliament declares neutrality . 
  the russians are willing to carry out chemical weapons attacks on the streets of london and have sacrificed thousands of troops . 
  most of europe is n't even willing to meet its basic treaty obligations to maintain the best value military alliance of all time . 
  until the invasion happens and they actually mobilise , that commitment is nothing but words on paper , words europe ignores at every opportunity whenever it suits their short term interest . 
  you assume russia is stupid enough to provoke a war that would unite all of europe against it . 
  they would n't . 
  they would chose the areas where europe is the weakest and deliberately play different parts of europe against each other . 
  the arguments used to ignore europe 's treaty obligations now can easily be repackaged in the future . 
  there are no benefits for such an action because europe and america have formed the greatest military alliance of all time . 
  it is hilarious how few people think that might have something to do with the peace that has resulted . 
  the economic integration argument has been made powerfully and effectively before , in early 1900 by a number of quite intelligent and reasonable academics . 
  they were wrong . 
  that is one way of looking at it . 
  the other way is that even though they literally burned half a billion quid and supported brexit , enough unionists turned out to support the dup that they still remained the largest party .
