  worked at the conservative reasearch department out of uni where he made a number of long standing friendships , did opposition research . 
  he and his contemporaries were strongly criticised by the rest of the party during the election in 1992 , but the conservatives unexpected victory was in no small part down to him and his cabal . 
  he wrote briefings for john major , became special advisor to normal lamont and was there for black wednesday , when lamont lost favour cameron was headhunter by michael howard to be an advisor at the home office to indicate he was still liked , where he briefed the press regularly . 
  he was then tired of the rigor of politics , so joined carlton ( a tv company ) as their director of corporate affairs . 
  he contested and lost the constituency of stafford in 1997 , and failed in selection for a number of safe seats before being selected for witney . 
  he wrote a column for the guardian detailing his experience of the election . 
  in parliament he was on the home affairs select committee which advocated the downgrade of ecstasy . 
  he again wrote briefings for pmq 's with george osborne for iain duncan smith , but abstained over allowing same-sex and unmarried couples to adopt children jointly when he was told to oppose . 
  in 2005 he ran on basically the same platform portillo did in 2001 . 
  he was an outsider until an exceptional speech without notes at the conservative party conference , and ended up beating david davis by a massive margin . 
  as opposition leader he was quickly compared to blair in that he moved his party to the centre and adopted a socially liberal approach . 
  he rehabilitated william hague and named george osborne his shadow chancellor . 
  he campaigned on a platform of removing the tories from the epp due to their federalist positions and set up the ecr . 
  with the financial crisis and 13 years of labour rule , the tories were expected to win in 2010 , but a mixture of a weak manifesto , a bad campaign , structural advantages in the boundary system for labour , and leaders debates which gave the third party an unexpected boost cost the tories a majority , necessitating a coalition . 
  this coalition enabled cameron to use the lib dems as a cover for not doing a number of right wing things he would rather not have done , while he effectively stole the credit for the majority of the popular lib dem policies . 
  his dramatic intervention in the av referendum resulted in a comprehensive win for the no side . 
  he broadly remained outside of the scottish referendum , rightly realising any intervention would lead to more harm than good , but signed up to the smith commission recommendations for further devolution , however he linked it the morning after the result to further measures to guarantee english protections . 
  he unexpectedly won a majority in 2015 due to fears over a potential labour/snp deal and has since has to implement policies that he spent five years avoiding due to the lib dems . 
  as a person , he is exceptionally smart , unquestioningly smarter than the overwhelming majority of his critics . 
  his masterful ability to change his political stance on almost everything has been his greatest political asset , and has resulted in regular rebrandings of his party based on the prevailing national mood . 
  he is exceptionally reluctant to talk about a number of subjects , particularly immigration , and tends to place controversial individuals in positions of power to do his will rather than acting himself . 
  he regularly outpolls his party , he is exceptionally unpopular with both the chattering classes , the left wing electorate and the right of the conservative party , but does a good job of explaining why he is necessary now . 
  he is also exceptionally prime ministerial . 
  his speech on the commission looking into bloody sunday was magnificent , he looks the part of a prime minister , and to people who do n't hate him , he is quite charming and charismatic . 
  he is a fascinating individual , and the straw mans and characterisations of him online do n't even come close to doing him justice . 
  he is a magnificent politician held back more by his party and reverse snobbery than a lack of ability . 
  he is , however , remarkably fine being hated by people who were going to hate him anyway , and makes little effort to get them to stop . 
  as a result his image online , in the guardian , and amongst the young is not exactly good . 
  its not like this is a surprise or anything . 
  they 've had since 2011 to come up with a replacement system . 
  instead the eu returns to the professionalism of a send year arts student essay crisising their way thought undergrad . 
  i 'm 90 % certain they are the same country . 
  all those vikings going around with the cuckoo clocks and funny knives . 
  every country will remember the time that they put european interests before their national interests only to see other countries do the opposite . 
  if they forget , the eurosceptic press will not hesitate to remind them . 
  how can i use any of them in my efforts to destroy my enemies or enrich myself ? 
  i 'm not principally opposed to space imperialism , but could n't we at least go somewhere nice with lots of cool natural resources that we can exploit ? 
  if i wanted to go to a desolate , miserable wasteland with absolutely nothing of value for an insane travel fee , i 'd take a train up to glasgow . 
  adding to this , german gamers , how do you feel playing computer games where you end up killing germans as the allies ? 
  i ask because i 'm personally quite reluctant when playing games with the redcoats as the baddies to kill off british soldiers irrespective of the legacy of empire , and i 'm not sure why . 
  that would be exceptionally out of character for him . 
  it 's not like he created a whole bunch of different religions and got them all to fight over the same holy land on anything , or tells crazy religious people to run for political office for his own amusement ... 
  if god did n't want to to be oppressed , he would n't have put you a short boat ride away from a paranoid protestant empire with a penchant for stealing countries . 
  meh , we 're an old country , yet it took until my first year of university level history for me to be taught even the basics about northern ireland , and since then i 've had to learn the majority of it myself with the exception of my social dimensions of terrorism class . 
  the problem for us is that we tend to use history to teach lessons . 
  outside of ` british counterinsurgency was pretty crap ' we do n't have that many helpful lessons to learn from northern ireland . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are n't any brits under the age of 25 who think there is much to be proud of for britain during the troubles . 
  we tend to ignore it , because talking about it tends to create more problems while never actually solving any , until our prime minister decides to apologise in parliament . 
  then we go back to ignoring it again . 
  i guess the real reason is the constant undercurrent of elitist bigotry that i get from guardian readers on reddit and in real life who think the paper is a magnificent beacon of progressivism , which they seem to read to show their right on characteristics and moral superiority over people who read the daily mail or any of the rest of the ` tory press ' . 
  the amount of stuff said and done by people who think they are actually better because of the paper they read is disgusting , and the guardian proactively encourages it with their editorial stance and their membership drive . 
  all of the best quests are pointless . 
  i wind them up because it is fun . 
  after italy joined the war and blitzkreig happened there were renewed fears that a fifth column had been sent in advance , and as a result almost everyone who was foreign born from an axis power was interned , even if they had been screened and found not to be a threat . 
  when it happened , the overwhelming majority of papers wrote editorials endorsing the decision , and a number wrote them advocating the action before it happened . 
  the guardian was one of them . 
  they wrote an editorial advocating the internment of 27,000 innocent people in ww2 . 
  i hold grudges for a long time . 
  it 's particularly fun if i end up bringing up the hunting ban and meat eating . 
  then chaos ensues to great personal merriment . 
  recycling is boring and everyone else in my friend group already does it , so i am unable to really make the guardian readers uncomfortable . 
  that is ultimately my primary goal . 
  if aliens unleashed a horde of nazi-zombies to conquer the world and destroy humanity and the only ones who could stop them were george osborne and the ghost of maggie thatcher , the guardian 's comments section would be filled with positive comments about how the aliens are n't that bad , really , compared to the government 's welfare cuts . 
  at least the aliens want to destroy the country fairly and ensure greater equality ... 
  sometimes i forget that portugal is actually a country and not just a place with annoyingly good footballers which was historically an effective place to attack the spanish from which produces nice wine . 
  thanks for reminding me that reality is the opposite . 
  i 'm not . 
  there 's shit all veggie food , and if i ca n't eat vegetarian food , how can i act like a pretensious wanker who is better than everyone else ? 
  not even the highest they 've been in the last [ five years ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/football/18355075 ), 
  we 've been enjoying their cultural legacy for centuries . 
  you should try it , its fun . 
  on the one hand , our economy was destroyed and the empire lost . 
  on the other hand , lots of french and german people died , and their countries were more destroyed than ours . 
  swings and roundabouts . 
  oh no , not another world war . 
  its not like we have won every single one of them . 
  another problem with the uk results was that it was exceptionally bad at tracking the views of apathetic independents as the people responding needed some buy in to drive them to respond . 
  i would imagine there will be a lot of people who have not declared themselves either way proactively avoiding giving anything away to anyone and making no effort at all to indicate their views or perspective whose views will be impossible to track without a proper exit poll . 
  watch the uk entry again . 
  people gave that points , and you none . 
  that is how unpopular you are . 
  it 's exceptionally easy to preach utter devotion to the european ideal when you have defined european interests to allign with your own and are the ones making all the decisions . 
  maybe the catholic church can bail them out in exchange for a series of conversions ? 
  we want all of the self evidently good things and do n't want all of the bad things . 
  we are very complex beings . 
  greece is on serve with the advantage to the troika on match point , and the attempt at the slow underarm serve to catch the eu off guard was n't in any way shape or form successful . 
  this is almost as exciting as wimbledon , but with fewer strawberries . 
  i , for one , am looking forwards to smugly bitching from the sidelines while doing the ' i told you so ' dance in an entirely unhelpful way . 
  air strikes are better than nothing , but ultimately in order to actually achieve anything they need to be backed up by a coordinated ground assault to press home potential gains on the ground . 
  i do n't think the iraqi army are good enough to do that at the moment , and i 'm not sure there is anyone in syria who we want to do so who can actually do it . 
  if they do n't have oil or good food to steal i 'm not interested . 
  oi , stop picking on southwest croatia, 
  i think there is a time and a place for bilingual posts , which can often be interesting and informative and provide an interesting cultural backdrop to the post . 
  at other times , when there is an imminent event posts should be as short and informative as possible carrying as much up to date information as possible . 
  a megathread about ongoing terrorism and death probably is the latter . 
  i would rather be a lot more targeted about the system . 
  i have a nice long list of comedians that i would like to be removed from my tv screens . 
  i really wish the stupid , crap , racist cartoonists would up their game . 
  if people have to die for freedom of speech , it might as well be something worthwhile . 
  i 'm guessing this was made after someone tried to place a very specific order for a prostitute and ended up with a random village girl placing a persimmon on a corpse .
