  if northern ireland wants independence , the good friday agreement ensures they 'll get it . 
  ireland has only remained split because that is what the majority of northern irish people have wanted until now . 
  there are different structures and competencies between the two . 
  we will maintain the nato ones , but leave the eu ones . 
  it was n't blackmail . 
  it was a statement of the obvious truth . 
  the point of article 50 is that a number of security arrangements if we do n't do a deal and go under wto rules wo n't have us as continued members . 
  if the eu wants us to remain within them , then a deal needs to be done . 
  the only way he could have gotten more time would have been if he rejected the renegotiation and asked for more . 
  the eu would n't have given him more , and the remain argument and cameron would have been further undermined for the later referendum . 
  a show that has somehow got more seasons than jokes they just keep repeating over , and over , and over , and over ... 
  that 's really , really bad for geert , right ? 
  it 's still the same treasury , who predicted back in '07 that the economy was n't rosy for the next year , that we should have joined the euro and the erm . 
  there were justified reasons for people to be sceptical of them . 
  a doctor who has misdiagnosed your condition and put you through an exceptionally painful series of treatments that did more harm than good three times contacts you to say that you should keep taking the latest course of medicine that appears to be doing significantly more harm than good because he thinks he is right this time . 
  do you blindly trust the doctor ? 
   i think the people of this country have had enough of experts with organisations from acronyms saying that they know what is best and getting it consistently wrong . 
  the only reason people would dispute the experts treasury is if they have a proven track record of being wrong , and if that is the case , it is an entirely legitimate approach . 
  the counterexample would be when blair assumed that only a few thousand migrants from eastern europe would come when deciding not to have the break ... 
  from what i can gather , le pen is aware of this and has purposefully organised her political strategy to try and counter that strategy . 
  is there any chance with either fillion or macron that they will end up being as toxic to the left as the fn are ? 
  i do n't know what departmental elections are or why they prove what you think they prove . 
  i have a question . 
  what do they all actually do between now and then ? 
  the primaries all seem to have been done and sorted , i imagine there are debates and manifestos and stuff , but has n't everything all been a bit too early to be interesting ? 
  my admittedly limited understanding of marine le pen was that she was moving the party to the radical and populist centre and embracing the same underlying argument effectively used in the brexit and trump votes to expand her voting pool , which could bring a lot more voters into play . 
  how certain are you that their limit is not over 50 % , and can you say it in a way that does n't echo clinton 's blue firewall or the received wisdom a month before brexit happened ? 
  a vote on the final deal is only relevant if article 50 is reversible . 
  no matter what the deal offered is , it will be better than wto rules, 
  to be fair , we 'd have probably invaded crimea and eastern ukraine if our defence budget had n't been cut and we had the opportunity to . 
  you articulate the current establishment position , that has justified britain 's involvement in a number of conflicts that most british people now think were bad ideas . 
  many people in britain would see our efforts , losses and sacrifices made being denegrated by opportunistic ` allies ' and conclude the entire position is just bs intended to cross-subsidize other countries foreign endeavours that we would be wise to stay away from . 
  it is a warning that britain could retreat into isolationism and withdraw funding , manpower and diplomatic capital from shared enterprises if its contribution is not recognised and respected by its partners . 
  this is a time in our country where expensive foreign commitments that our elite tell us are a good idea are being strongly questioned , and you should n't be assuming the british public would n't cut off nato 's nose to spite its face . 
  that is to be expected . 
  it has all of the negative side effects of a punitive income tax that you do n't even get any revenue from . 
  there are no benefits and only costs . 
  to be fair , corbyn would just spend the money on lentils , marrows and drain covers . 
  there is likely to be a case for it being reallocated to a different member of nato still in the eu , which would likely necessitate a restructuring of the organisation to accommodate that change . 
  i think people seeing an opportunity to profit from brexit in this regard need to be very careful , because there is a very real chance that britain will not respond to a diminished role in the expected way . 
  i think practically everyone is on the same page of ` violent crime is bad ' . 
  i do n't get why people would n't report incidents like this , particularly given i have n't heard a single politician on any side of the house say they should n't . 
  the uk has a stronger position before we trigger article 50 . 
  afterwards , the eu have more leverage due to the time limit . 
  i see your questions as entirely irrelevant to what i was saying , and your responses confusing and nonsensical . 
  i 'm not running away , i 'm edging away because i have no idea why you are saying what you are saying . 
  i had no difficulty explaining my point of view . 
  you had difficulty understanding it . 
  you seem to have completely missed my point , and i do n't really see the point in trying to explain it to you considering you have gotten so far away from what i was saying . 
  in the overwhelming majority of areas , it is the mainstream political view of the majority of the country that an unfettered free market does not guarantee the most effective outcomes for the majority of the country , and that there is some role for the state in overseeing and regulating the market . 
  when it comes to the issue of immigration , the position of the government , opposition , and the vast majority of the country outside of a fringe minority of anarcho-libertarians is that the state is right to have some level of control over migration from outside the european union for all of the anti-immigration arguments that i ca n't be bothered to repeat . 
  the argument of the leave campaign was that those controls should apply to eu migration as well . 
  it was the remain campaign who was justifying and defending the status quo , where there is uninhibited free movement of people within the eu , with practically all of the exact same arguments that they accept for people outside of the eu that they reject within the eu . 
  this makes no intellectual sense , and can only really be justified on an intellectual basis through crude utilitarian calculus that was alluded to , but never actually made by the remain campaign . 
  the public were aware that this made no real sense , and the intellectual and economic arguments as to why they should n't let a further 300,000 unskilled eastern european migrants in is near identical as to why we should n't let in the same number of unskilled non-eu migrants . 
  remain 's response was to yell ` racism ' or ` nhs nurses ! ', 
  until the topic changed . 
  i disagree . 
  remain lost because it was intellectually inconsistent over the issue that most people cared about , immigration , and refused to engage with the argument in any meaningful way while betting on the stupidity of the electorate to fail to recognize that , coupled with enough scaremongering stories about the economy to build a large enough coalition that it did too early , resulting in most people getting bored of it by the end of the first month of campaigning . 
  granted , when it comes to intellectual honesty , both leave and remain deserved to lose . 
  remain were strategically worse because they refused to engage with the immigration inconsistency at all , while the leavers at least tried to mitigate the impact of the economy through some level of basic argumentation . 
  clinton won the popular vote by nearly 3 million after the democrats had held the white house for 8 years , with the party having won the popular vote six out of the last seven times it was contested . 
  blair won an election being pro-immigration and globalisation in 2005 after iraq . 
  the left wins when they run competent candidates . 
  they lose when their candidates are strategically compromised or unwilling to deal with the negative effects of globalization . 
  not really . 
  globalisation is broadly the same now as it has been for decades , and the countries that elected trump and voted for brexit voted for obama twice and elected blair three times and only elected a tory minority government after they made commitments on the nhs and overseas aid . 
  it is the failure of the left to put forward effective candidates capable of dealing with globalisation that empowers the right wing populist counterparts . 
  at the same time , supply chains have been globalised , energy prices and regulations have increased the cost of doing business in the uk , and free movement and high levels of immigration has ensured that the supply of labour is very high , all of which have weakened the power of labour as governments and businesses can just outsource or hire entirely new workforces at will . 
  you actually think that we 're going to leave in 2 years ? 
  you have a much greater level of faith in our politicians than anyone here does . 
  this is actually fucking hilarious . 
  the poll has n't been done by win/gallup . 
  it was done by [ orb international ] ( http://www.wingia.com/web/files/service_categories/10/file/10.pdf?1483012246 ) in the u.k , who interviewed a thousand people . 
  orb 's final published voting intention had remain winning by [ 54-46 ] ( http://www.orb-international.com/article.php?s=orb-final-published-voting-intention ), 
  queen will hang on and look like recovering , and we'all go all of january with peace , quiet , and no celeb deaths . 
  then , january 31st , queen dies , trump gets assassinated , china reoccupies taiwan and seti gets contact from alien life . 
  god tells george rr martin in a dream to up his game . 
  not saying there was one , just that there was mutual benefit for us both . 
  we lost a colony . 
  you spent two decades murdering your aristocrats , killing europeans , and losing territory to us due to the cost of doing so . 
  swings and roundabouts . 
  and then carthage is destroyed ? 
  a larger neighbour has forced poor little belgium into handing over vast swathes of its territory , under the pretense of ` diplomatic negotiation ' ? 
  this can not stand !, 
  we must go to war to protect the territorial integrity of poor little belgium , as we did a century ago , for reasons that do n't entirely make sense to me . 
  as long as we are n't in it , the idea sounds great !, 
  no , she did n't . 
  this is why politicians do n't talk about faith . 
  you ca n't imply that you would use the accumulated consideration and ethics of your experiences within the church to inform your morality and decision making process without it being portrayed like you are a brainless automoton unable to think critically . 
  we still like you too . 
  of all of the people we fired longbows at , you were alwauys the classiest . 
  we are both opposed to an expansionist fascistic islamic caliphate conquering the middle east and looking to expand north and west . 
  we are both cautious of an emerging china . 
  we have shared economic interests . 
  it is n't drivel to point out reality . 
  yes , there are areas where we have strong differences , but that is only natural given history and geography . 
  you can simultaneously believe that europe 's free riding on defence is principally and strategically wrong while at the same time thinking that cooperation with russia would be more productive than antagonism . 
  europe and russia have a number of shared geopolitical interests, 
  brexit is the only way british voters can achieve peaceful democratic change on the most important issue they believe the country is facing .
