  check exacerbation of the most pressing issue in british politics and the greatest grievance people have with the eu ? 
  check . 
  the only two explainations for their actions is that either they are sure britain is going to stay anyway , or they are proactively trying to get is to leave . 
  his number of how much money he thinks he can get from tax avoidance to fund his spending plans includes corporate bailouts like the health service , education service and incentives for firms to invest . 
  tories . 
  my local people are good . 
  cdc and dfid are n't exactly the same thing , and cdc as far as i can tell does n't count as oda . 
  depends on the programmes and what the binding constraints to economic growth are . 
  in some countries like tanzania and zambia , programmes can help a lot of people . 
  in somalia or sierra leone with ebola the best you can di is try to fix the fundamental problems so stuff does n't get worse . 
  we have exceptionally strict rules about what counts as foreign aid , what it can be spent on , how it can be spent , by whom it can be spent , and for what . 
  in short , we spend a massive amount of time , effort and money making sure it gets spent on the right things rather than the wrong ones . 
  this can be anything from providing technical assistance rather than money , forcing people who want to work with us to have strict transparency laws , and having lots of lawyers and accountants making sure everything is above board . 
  source , work at dfid . 
  you could always have norman tebbit 's cricket test . 
  she advocated using gunboats to escort illegal ships full of migrants back to north africa , before destroying the ships there at a time when we were just leaving them to drown . 
  ipgranted , it 's hopkins , so she 's trying to wind up as many guardian readers as possible , but her suggestion was more humane and more likely to work than most people 's suggestions of ` do nothing ' or ` accept all the migrants ', 
  it 's been 200 years overdue . 
  hopefully we can finally settle this once and for all . 
  there is some suggestion from some tories that if the vote is to leave and an exceptionally favourable eu offer was made to keep the uk in , then they might have a re-vote , but it would have to be massive . 
  we do n't need to . 
  we want to . 
  there 's a difference . 
  i do n't consider immigration bad , nor do i think that refugees make up more than around 8 % of the total, 
  you are most welcome colonial . 
  i suggest you respond in the most powerful way possible . 
  making cartoons that are actually funny . 
  the tories have a gigantic number of soundbytes that the press is aware of which would immediately make their conversion clear and destroy anything even resembling the remnents of credibility . 
  and no . 
  if anything from the last five years is learnt , it is that the tories do n't have to try . 
  they just have to be less distrusted than the other parties and find convinient scapegoats to offload their failure onto and they can get re-elected , which the tories care more about than securing a yes in the referendum . 
  who with any credibility could say that , and why would anyone in britain who does n't already accept that to be the case believe them ? 
  the issue is one of credibility and distrust of a political elite considered out of touch with modern life and peoples lived experiances . 
  you do n't solve that by getting a member of the political elite to lecture people about why they are wrong . 
  it is unsurprisingly difficult to convince people of something when they do n't believe a single thing you say or any of the evidence that you offer . 
  cameron in 2010 :  `` if we take the steps set out today , if we deal with all the different avenues of migration , legal and illegal , levels of immigration can return to where the were in the 1980s and 1990s , when immigration was not a front rank political issue . 
  and i believe that that will mean net migration to this country will be in the order of tens of thousands each year , not the hundreds of thousands every year that we 've seen over the last decade ... with us , our borders will be under control , and immigration will be at levels our country can manage . 
  no ifs , no buts . 
  this is a promise we made to the british people and a promise we are keeping . '' and his own election literature in [ 2010 ] ( http://conservativehome.blogs.com/files/ge_4pg-newspaper.pdf ) he has quite clearly said that his own political legitimacy comes from being able to significantly reduce immigration , and he has completely and utterly failed . 
  the result was 4 million odd people voting for ukip , but him getting away with it because he could blame it on the lib dems while labour were entirely unconvincing at attacking him on the issue . 
  that is entirely irrelevant to the political issue . 
  the public do n't like large scale immigration . 
  for twenty years , we have had relatively large scale immigration and whenever it is questioned , the blame has been outsourced to the eu , with large numbers of prominent politicians pointing out that you ca n't do anything about immigration while you are in the eu . 
  the result ? 
  farage will say to the british electorate that the only way that they can control immigration is by leaving the eu , and everything everyone else has said up to this point will give this argument credibility . 
  who is going to be able to credibly stand up and say that immigration can be controlled in any meaningful sense that will contradict this position ? 
  corbyn , the greens , the lib dems and the liberal bbc types will all say how wonderful immigration is for cultural diversity and that the problem comes from government not investing enough , but that will reaffirm the beliefs of people who already feel like that , but it has n't convinced the public yet and there is no reason to think it will . 
  well , this is certainly going to end well . 
  for the first time , i 'm starting to think no might win the referendum . 
  if corbyn leads labour and cameron the tories in the yes campaign , neither can say anything meaningful about controlling immigration with any credibility . 
  on the other team , you have the right of the tories and farage , whose populist rhetoric on the issue will strike an authentic cord . 
  it is somewhat worrying . 
  i believe each person has about the same worth . 
  learn english and you can speak and experience the cultural output of around 1.5 billion people , learn estonian you only get around 1.2 million people . 
  i think one is more valuable than the other . 
  the benefit of learning a new language in contrast to the cost is a lot lower for a native english speaker than it is for a non-english speaker . 
  we already have a massive amount of high quality television we can watch if we want, 
  because the overwhelming majority of british people do n't speak foreign languages . 
  because standing idly by and doing nothing has worked magnificently to stop the refugee crises in yemen and syria , has n't it ? 
  imperialism in this situation being ` having citizens living on previously uninhabited islands for two hundred odd years which a foreign power is claiming for baseless nationalistic reasons ' . 
  welsh . 
  it 's great for cheating at scrabble . 
  we are so progressive and tolerant , we do n't differentiate between indians and pakistanis . 
  both are just generic asians to us . 
  we 're basically the ghandi of race relations . 
  it is n't a popular mandate . 
  you know why ? 
  because neither labour nor the conservatives were elected on a mandate advocating it irrespective of what they said in the past . 
  the majority of mp 's do not have a mandate from their electorate to implement this . 
  in fact , the government were elected on pretty much the exact opposite . 
  also , most labour mps do n't like the idea , see 2005 for why . 
  at the very best , they might get a referendum if the tories needed the lib dems for something massive . 
  that is the only way it is remotely possible . 
  ita going to be almost impossible to change the voting system without another referendum , and any effort to do so without a clear and unequivocal mandate will be near impossible . 
  like it or not , the country voted en masse for parties who did n't advocate pr at the last election . 
  there 's also the ` questions on the doorstep ' problem for labour supporters canvassing . 
  ` oh , you want me to vote labour ? 
  why exactly should i vote for a party which is going to restart the northern ireland issue and cravenly surrender to the argentinians ? ', 
  unsurprisingly enough , his greatest support seems to be coming from people too young to remember 1983 . 
  maybe the labour party needs a periodic reminder of what happens when a left wing government that thinks itself ideologically pure goes up against a tory party desperate to win elections . 
  oh no , they might raid the north of england and cause a whole ten pounds worth of property damage . 
  it really would be horrible if you took large numbers of geordies off as slaves . 
  there is always something of value to steal . 
  we just need to up our game to find it . 
  what are you ewannn ? 
  do you quake in fear at the prospect of stealing more anquities ? 
  or do you hear the call of conquest , the desire to take what others own even though you do n't really want it to impress your culturally aware friends , calling you to glory like an imperialist ? 
  the only reason a loyal and patriotic servant of the crown learns french is to help with the post-war occupation . 
  all other reasons indicate treachery and a fifth column . 
  i 'm so liberal and progressive that nationalism means nothing to me . 
  pretty much the same to me . 
  i decided to skip over the lizard people and shiny forehead bits . 
  seemed unnecessary and self evident, 
  david cameron . 
  descended from a royal bastard of william iv , 5th cousin twice removed from queen liz . 
  he 's a real mix of scottish , welsh and english ancestry . 
  independent schools where he did well , eton where he did well ( and got busted for cannabis ) , gap year where he was a researcher for his godfather , a tory mp , then worked in an administrative role as a ship jumper in hong kong , before the kgb tried to recruit him as a spy , scholarship to oxford where he did exceptionally well . 
  his tutor , professor vernon bogdanor , described him as `` one of the ablest '' students he has taught , with `` moderate and sensible conservative '' political views . 
  also a member of the bullingdon club , an elite dining club which tends to be quite rude , drinks a lot and smashes stuff up , with a rather unflattering photo that gets brought up whenever he does something excessively posh . 
  was a contemporary of boris johnson , the mayor of london and perceived political frenemy .
