  makes sense . 
  there should be some kind of committee which helps regulate these things . 
  share jokes where the nationalities can be changed , provides stories and anacedotes to be used , that sort of thing . 
  we can make this whole thing far more efficient through teamwork . 
  silly question , if we denegrate the aussies , and the aussies denegrate you , then who do you denegrate ? 
  wait , the australians look down on you for being drunk idiots ? 
  that and the swearing is like , 90 % of their identity , who are they to judge ? 
  david cameron is irrelevant . 
  it is the queen who decides if rights are a thing or not . 
  unfortunately , she has to agree with what parliament votes for . 
  obviously , if she can read it , it makes it a lot easier for her to uphold them . 
  rights only exist if they are written in english . 
  the question mark remains the bbc , which is far more widely viewed and influential than all the papers combined . 
  while the bbc tries to be impartial , it regularly gets accused of bias , often justifiably ( it 's comedic and cultural output is instinctively and almost universally left wing , it 's news leans slightly right ), 
  i think that what that performance really needs are not an urban dance group in the background , but an erotic politically themed striptease by ann widecombe , john prescott , eric pickles and polly toynbee . 
  if the renegotiation does n't work we can just start unleashing worse and worse musicians each year against the innocent views of eurovision until they are forced to submit . 
  i propose starting strong , with dappy from n-dubz , then moving on to katie price doing a disney cover . 
  if that does n't work , we can have an inverse britain 's got talent where the worst ones go through and get refined down into the worst band of all time . 
  do you not think that all of your problems would be more effectively solved by having any disputes by mods decided by a duel to the death ? 
  god can decide who deserves to win , you 'd make good money on the screening rights , and it enables effective turnover of ineffective mods . 
  literally everyone wins . 
  when the uk wins eurovision . 
  if it was possible , i 'm pretty damn certain i would have managed it by now . 
  ah , it 's that sort of thing . 
  i think that the only fair and reasonable way to deal with any disagreement between the mods is a trial by combat . 
  the mods form themselves into teams then fight to the death to decide who god favours . 
  seems the easiest way of getting a clear resolution . 
  did something happen ? 
  i am in the middle of a glass of wine and do n't know if this is something worthy of giving a shit about . 
  of course ireland has absolutely nothing to worry about . 
  its not like you have an expansionist , imperialistic , inherently racist neighbour who quite likes occupying you for a couple of hundred years at a time . 
  you have no need for a military whatsoever . 
  i 'm about to ask something i never expected to ask in a million years . 
  is katie hopkins ' idea the actual public will ? 
  i mean , she was a complete arse in how she said it , but her basic suggestion , sending royal naval boats to escort the boats back to north africa then to destroy the boats so they ca n't be used again , seems to be the solution most people seem to agree with , and few people have actually explained why it 's a bad idea . 
  obviously i 'll go and shower in holy water to cleanse myself of this horrific thought . 
  dammit , now we need to find more french things to attribute to belgium ... 
  while that happens , i 'll keep telling americans the louvre is in luxembourg . 
  the french have a casus belli against us . 
  how can we possibly survive . 
  it 's like being mauled by a marshmallow or seduced by susan boyle , we have * absolutely no way * of resisting . 
  i entirely and completely support this move . 
  i always knew there was a reason why we created belgium , and now they are doing their utmost to annoy the french and take away their cultural heritage . 
  always knew i they had more to contribute than sprouts and detectives . 
  the media had its faults , but they are driven by the people who read them and the effectiveness of the people trying to direct discourse and debate . 
  its a series of failures at every level . 
  too often the biases of the papers are blamed to detract from the negligence and incompetence of those meant to be advocating for things . 
  the people who watch question time are not normal people . 
  they are people who have decided to tune in at half past ten on a thursday to watch talking heads talk politics . 
  that excludes the majority of people . 
  papers sell their readers the narratives they want , but they also like publishing pieces driving discussion . 
  if defenders of the act actually offered the sun , mail and telegraph their defences , they would almost certainly get published . 
  to expand on this , the overwhelming majority of the population has only ever heard negative feedback on the human rights act as it has , for them , only ever been associated with bad things , like keeping terrorists in the country , protecting bad people , letting criminals stay in the country at great public expense . 
  while there are plenty of people who like the act , they never actually bother to make the arguments in favour of it , instead all too often hiding behind the act or the european courts and the primary defences for it came in the guardian or the independent , which the majority of people opposed to the act would to bother to read . 
  if something is only seen as a bad thing by people who do n't understand why it is good and no one bothers to explain why it is good in a medium they read , then naturally they are going to want to repeal it . 
  expecting they would be able to barter it away in the coalition , the tories said they 'd get rid of it and replace it with the same piece of paper with a union jack on it with a few tiny changes . 
  now they have a majority , they kinda have to try . 
  we beat france , germany and austria !, 
  eighteenth century us is so delighted . 
  they were the only ones worth beating anyways . 
  well , an unconditional surrender would be quite nice and welcome ... 
  for a lot of british people it was n't meant to be part of something that much bigger , and they want a return to the previous settlement . 
  there is n't that much evidence for the uk that moves to a more powerful and ever closer union is in our interests or would reflect our values . 
  every year we seem to give away more and more money in exchange for a larger and more interventionist eu which seems to reflect the uk less and less and seems entirely out of touch and irrelevant to our lives for which every problem is resolved by giving them more money so they can hire more people at a time that we are meant to be having austerity . 
  we like the common market . 
  thats about it . 
  none of the polls are accurate and none of them portray the reality of the european debate , because there is a gigantic question mark labelled ` reform ' that will prove vitally important in the referendum . 
  if voters in britain are convinced that the eu can be reformed , and that their concerns with the structure and direction of the eu is recognised and addressed , even if not in full , then the case for remaining in the eu is exceptionally strong . 
  if voters in britain are convinced that there is no hope for reform , that asking nicely , giving up large amounts of money for false promises , electing pro-europeans who have little to no impact in actually getting positive , electing eurosceptics who ask more forcefully for it , and then finally saying that unless we get substancial reform we will leave , and still getting practically nothing that they want , then the eu is shown to be unable to be altered from its direction . 
  then , the case for leaving the eu will be as strong as it could possibly be . 
  granted , there is still a chance we stay under the latter , but it should be seen purely as us staying in for the economic benefits and not because we love the eu . 
  we will be as cynical and opportunistic as possible , and be a constant block on any further integration unless there is a direct benefit to us . 
  i would abolish all other national and eu parliaments and put all control in the hands of the eu executive , then replace that executive with the proper and legitimate parliament with the queen as head of state . 
  each of the old european states will be allowed to elect one member of parliament . 
  english would be the only acceptable language , the rest of the eu would switch to the pound , but the bank of england would continue to use measures purely to help britain , and all other states will disband their armies and instead contribute to a fund to help massively expand the british army to its imperial hayday . 
  then the second wave of imperial conquest will begin , and all of the developing world will return to their rightful place . 
  they will like us when we rule them . 
  israel is a perfect country with an amazing human rights record , and the only people who are opposed to them are anti-semites . 
  last time we tried to reform corrupt eu handouts to the french we ended up giving away lots of our rebate in exchange for promises that were never fulfilled . 
  there is exceptionally little confidence in britain that the eu can actually be reformed in any meaningful sense ; hence the rise of euro scepticism . 
  reform usually seems to result in us paying more for things to stay the same . 
  if reform was shown to actually be possible , britain would probably take the institution a bit more seriously . 
  there 's a values signalling aspect to republicanism where they get to show that they are enlightened and progressive by opposing the monarchy compared to everyone else , who by implication is stupider and more conservative . 
  as the movement is unlikely to have any meaningful impact until charles starts being useless and crazy , that is the only aspect of the movement that actually has . 
  constitutional convienience is entirely irrelevant to them . 
  it would be a lot easier for everyone if we just renamed ireland ` west britain ' . 
  that way we could just keep everything else the same . 
  if you want we could escalate tensions periodically whenever elections come up for mutual gain ? 
  literally nothing bad has ever happened as a result of increased tensions between britain and ireland . 
  the really annoyingly nice and optimistic people who did n't seem to realise they were in britain and that sarcasm was the way forwards . 
  the alcoholic crazy religious scots . 
  that was more just for our amusement . 
  that 's what we led to believe , but in reality that is just an illusion we made up to get rid of the crazy religious people that were trying to make britain a more boring place to live . 
  we 're good at that , the mistakes that god made have been rectified effectively by britain , as we sent the crazy religious people to yankland , the crazy racists to south africa , the convicts to australia and the rohirrim to new zealand . 
  turns out mass deportings solve all of the worlds problems . 
  everyone with a brain wants to be british . 
  however , god decided that you were not worthy . 
  i would say i 'm sorry , but i 'm not . 
  you really should have tried harder . 
  if god wanted us to communicate with foreigners he would n't have given us a gigantic moat .
