  when called into action , he would calmly take his glasses out of his pocket and write a strongly worded letter to the times . 
  the issue would then be solved by a squad of highly trained sas people gunning down the enemy at the opportune moment . 
  when called to act by the international community of justice , he will grumble repeatedly , then go off and fetch his stealth suit and jetpack which allow him to sneak up on his enemies , target them with a laser pointer for a ship to rain down the fires of hell on them from a long way away . 
  any proper interaction in actually doing things will be largely an advisory role , as an englishman 's first loyalty is to the queen , after all . 
  to be fair , the french argued that we were n't that european , we were too strongly linked geopolitically to the us and that we would slow down and impede integration ... 
  he is exploiting it for populist reasons , as i said before . 
  i was n't claiming that it was , i was claiming the situation had similarities to other areas . 
  so , the logical consequence of ten years of people blaming the echr for the inability to deport people who the general public think should obviously be deported is naturally going to be that some people think that we should leave it . 
  this , and plenty of other areas where people dislike the eu , is not the fault of euro sceptics playing the populist card ( even though they are ) but of the laziness and cowardice of everyone who avoided making the arguments and justifying the courts decision rather than just saying that there is nothing we can do . 
  do n't worry about it ireland . 
  you can play the game the british way whereby we enter deliberately shit candidates , grumble when they do n't win , and get exceptionally pissed laughing at all the stupid foreigners . 
  thats because when information got leaked during the cold war those responsible for the malpractice would have the basic decency to defect . 
  british people do n't really do rallies well . 
  we 'd much rather just sit around and drink tea while grumbling about our problems . 
  that was n't what i meant to say . 
  i meant someone who provided happiness to other people around them . 
  the same way that most people define good . 
  general happiness , doing their jobs , doing less harm than good , and , y' know , not being rude , mean and violent to people . 
  i honestly do n't care what people believe . 
  i care what they actually do . 
  a racist who does charity work is better than someone who is an unloving worthless paracite who has never done anything to help anyone else in their life who votes and self-actualises as a ` progressive ' or a non-racist . 
  i know this is going to sound strange , but most racists are actually good , if misguided , people who usually will vote for one of the main parties . 
  those which do n't tend to be poorer , less well educated , more vulnerable and just scared of the future and of their weak market position . 
  judgement is easy , comprehension is a lot harder . 
  racism is a symptom of wider problems with our society in the same way that racist political parties are a symptom of failures in our political system . 
  just blaming the obvious is easy and does n't deal with the problem . 
  erm , not talking about myself here ... 
  in addition , i do think that if the polis of a nation can not create political parties which are electable compared to fascists then the state and other political parties have failed in their duties and obligations . 
  most countries do n't have fascists polling at those levels because a competent , non racist party can usually get racists to vote for them rather than the fascists . 
  this does , however , require them to be competent , electable and representative . 
  there are always going to be racist idiots out there . 
  the fact that in greece they are turning the gd into a potent political force reflects profound failures in the democratic system and political landscape of the nation , not the failures of individual voters . 
  do n't blame people for voting for a crap party . 
  blame the other parties for being so truly awful that 10-15 % of people thought the gd would be better than them, 
  to celebrate this momentous milestone , let us sing the fourth verse from our shared national anthem . 
  lord , grant that marshall wade, 
  you do realise that it is n't a slippery slope , but an elevator ? 
  we can democratically choose to stop it at every stage , and our politicians have to vote on each level . 
  call me an elitist , but in my mind if you ca n't be bothered to learn how to work a simple proxy or call up your isp to opt out of the filter then you do n't deserve to watch porn . 
  i mean , if a thirteen year old can avoid it with an internet search its hardly a stalinist iron curtain is it ? 
  that said , russian military spending : $ 90.7 billion . 
  british ; $ 60.8 . 
  thats like , a whole south korea difference . 
  that said , japan came after that with 59.3 . 
  i am increasingly worried about red alert 3 becoming a reality ... 
  well , thats your fault for living near places we want to blow up . 
  but thats boring . 
  i do n't want to bomb the shit out of brown people , but i do like the prospect that we could if we wanted to ... 
  good point . 
  i ignored the role of public schools entirely from what i said , but it was already getting too long . 
  it is n't just the middle east . 
  elites throughout the empire have ended up sending their kids to public schools in the uk to be ` properly ' educated . 
  but if we do that then we ca n't bomb brown people , which for some reason is a key part of our foreign policy when parliament doesnt get in the way . 
  exactly . 
  everyone here keeps going on about the need for britain to interact more with the continent and create its own exports , watching european and british porn is surely them fostering new relationships and economic ties, 
  ignoring canada , australia and new zealand , britain 's relations with its colonies are exceptionally complicated and vary to a great degree . 
  there are the crown dependancies and british overseas territories which we tend to get on very well with , have strong ties to , and we see them largely as autonomous versions of ourselves . 
  they are rarely an issue in our nations politics except for foreign policy , and even then it is sorted out exceptionally quickly by our parliament rocking back and forth muttering about self-determination . 
  for our ex-colonies , the issue largely comes down to how long we conquered them and the specifics of the hand-over . 
  britain tends to get on reasonably well with the likes of malaysia , hong kong , singapore and the like , but they play no role in day to day life . 
  for africa , our relations are not great . 
  they do n't like us that much , but do engage quite a lot with our cultural legacy through sport and music , and we are exceptionally relucant to involve ourselves in any way beyond economic and humanitarian interventions . 
  when we have been placed in a situation of having obligations as the old colonial master we have tended to take a pragmatic , long term effort to promote democracy and stability . 
  on the middle east , we tend to get on relatively well with the despotic mass murdering dictators who do n't hate us and badly with the people , but they like to watch our tv shows ( eg , an episode of top gear where almost everyone could recognise clarkson ) and play our sports . 
  we really do n't do well with engaging with them meaningfully , and try to ignore the whole israel-palestine thing so that people forget it is partially our fault ... now , to the subcontinent . 
  basically , we trade with india , give them aid , we play the same sports , but we have extremely little interaction on the world or cultural stage . 
  we know nothing about the country and its history , and ignore the whole , pre-ghandi thing except for continually muttering about trains . 
  pakistan is more difficult , because we do know more about it , we interact more with their politics and politicians because they are often in the news . 
  we still do n't know that much about them , or have strong cultural ties . 
  a major issue is that our vision of india comes from call centres and immigrants to the uk , who often have been away from their homelands for decades and are often entirely out of step with the modern developments and cultural trends . 
  of course , we eat curry and play cricket together , but the absense of football makes interaction less strong . 
  finally , ireland !, 
  the one proper success story where britain is actually not doing a fucked up job !, 
  we have basically admitted we were complete dicks for a long period of time , we now interact exceptionally closely both economically and politically , we gave loans at good rates during the euro crisis , and our relations are at an all time high . 
  with the exception of a few idiots in our country , we get on exceptionally well , and they are certainly the nation closest in culture to our own . 
  we share comedians , drinks and general outlooks . 
  when the article claims that the majority of people do n't care about europe , they are just completely wrong . 
  people care about the economy , they care about trade , and they care about immigration . 
  their positions on the eu is inherently linked to those important interests . 
  when the response to people wanting to cut european migration is ` we ca n't do that because we are in the eu ' , that makes it relevent . 
  it 's how they usually work on everything . 
  the government proposes something , the opposition opposes it and proposes something else , the government wins or faces a vote of no confidence . 
  it has been the case since the nineteenth century . 
  the opposition barely ever supports the government except when it is in their political interests . 
  the fact that the tories supported iraq was one of stringent ideology and adherence to the special relationship , while libya was seen as non political . 
  yes , but they are the opposition . 
  they are suppose to vote against the government . 
  the government supporters are meant to vote for the government , particularly with a three line whip . 
  no , it is n't . 
  between the tories and the lib dems they had enough votes to pass it irrespective of the opposition . 
  just a quick reminder , the oppositions amendment failed and was voted down far heavily . 
  it was cameron 's conservative backbenchers which blocked it , not anyone else . 
  fuck that . 
  we 'll form our own european party , with blackjack , and hookers !, 
  in fact , forget the europe bit . 
  the cap being discussed and considered again with regards to its efficacy and efficiency is a major one . 
  a lot of brits remember the fact that blair ` gave away ' part of the rebate for some supposed action which never really arrived and are exceptionally distrustful of giving things away in exchange for future promises now . 
  with regards to transparency , i would say there is a lot less transparency , the fact the books still have n't been signed off , the number of clandestine lobbyists and other groups which have to promote the eu as an institution in exchange for funding , including many charities and many other issues . 
  the most worrying of which , which even made my strongly pro-eu friends quite agitated are the clauses and restrictions given to eu commissioners and office holders which include duties of loyalty . 
  this concept , repeated in euroskeptic circles frequently , can help people rationalise why all of the people involved remain loyal to the eu in their mind .
