  they get massive amounts of personal abuse online , in person , face protests of hundreds of thousands of people on the streets , face legal challenges on practically every issue of state , and we have a deliberately adversarial political system to promote criticism . 
  we have legal criticisms , academic criticisms , the press putting out attacks on them practically every day . 
  we have the internet , free speech , books , papers , media , everything . 
  you are allowed , and proactively encouraged and empowered to criticise them . 
  the person here who thinks they are entitled to receive no criticism is the one who believes they have an unfettered right to speak on whatever topic they want at a hustings when they do n't . 
  they are there at the request of the people who organised it , and the other members of the panel are entitled to criticise them and politely ask their hosts to stop giving them time to speak if they so desire . 
  it depends on the context . 
  hustings are n't designed to allow candidates an unlimited , unrestricted free platform to say and do whatever they want on whatever topic they want without anyone interrupting . 
  they are organised by the groups holding the hustings and often with a specific intended focus , format and ground rules established in advance . 
  it is entirely possible that the person was asked a generic question about potholes at a local community hustings and decided to go on a crazed anti-saudi rant . 
  if so , interrupting him is entirely appropriate within the context . 
  the joke is implying that for comic effect , because i was assuming most people in europe are capable of humour , socially aware and capable of seeing the intended amusing message rather than being reactionary and defensive and assuming the worst intention to start going after me . 
  the odds had leicester city 5000-1 , britain remaining and clinton winning . 
  i trust them about as much as jimmy saville at children in need . 
  i 'm not going to lie , if you offered me 24th right now but we finished above you and the frogs i 'd take it in a heartbeat and celebrate like its 1966 all over again . 
  it was a mild attempt at humerous banter . 
  deserve is a strong word there ... 
  reddit gold bet we finish in the bottom half ? 
  look , i know y' all hate us , and we kind of deserve it . 
  but before you right us off entirely , just think about this : imagine what is more funny . 
  giving us zero points because of brexit and the crap song , or giving us more points than someone else * despite * brexit and a crap song because they are just that much worse than us . 
  the problem that boris and gove had was that they were , y' know , actually friends with david cameron and had repeatedly said that he was a great pm who should n't step down . 
  when he did so as a direct result of their actions , they made the concerted effort to avoid being triumphalist at the press conference straight afterwards . 
  this has been repeatedly validated by every proper consideration of the issue , most notably tim shipman 's all out war . 
  this is an argument often repeated with no evidence behind it . 
  boris was eurosceptic for years , created most of the eurosceptic press ' tropes about brussels while being a journalist there , repeatedly laid out what he expected the renegotiation to include that was n't delivered , but who legitimately was divided on which side to back . 
  after trying to justify backing remain and cameron , and despite being offered any cabinet post bar chancellor for doing so , he chose to back leave as he felt it was the only way to accurately represent his views . 
  i think the only reasonable and logical response to the russian interference in the magnificent democratic exercise would be for france to create a coalition of the willing to invade russia and depose putin . 
  do n't worry . 
  land invasions of russia always work , or you could just reuse the old battle plan from the crimean war . 
  it was so perfect it does n't even need basic revision . 
  we 'll just sit here with some popcorn , watching the fun until someone looks like winning . 
  again . 
  may 's position should be seen through the perspective of cameron 's failed renegotiation . 
  tim shipman 's book , all out war , goes into quite a lot of detail on the subject , describing how cameron 's unwillingness to press for the meaningful , transformational changes that he had advocated to his electorate beyond tentative approaches to merkel created an atmosphere where practically nothing of any substantive worth was even discussed . 
  the result is a common view amongst most of the critics of cameron that the european union 's inate vision when it comes to constitutional changes make it impossible to advocate for transformational change within the normal power structures and the only way forwards is to break down the expected eu structure and promote a different one , where what the eu describes as impossible or ` delusional ' early on can be delivered in some form later on in negotiations by pushing it now rather than giving up at the first hurdle . 
  article : why are n't feminists lining up behind le pen ? 
  i thought women had a moral responsibility to back women standing for office ? 
  that 's certainly what they said during the hillary-trump clash . 
  yes , i am voting for hillary because she 's a woman , because she ` knows what it 's like to menstruate , be pregnant , give birth ' , said one american feminist . 
  so does le pen . 
  she has three children . 
  according to the rather crude biologism of feminist identitarianism , that makes her an even better candidate than hillary , who has one kid . 
  so why the silence , feminists ? 
  are n't you ` with her ' ? 
  looking back at the hillary love-in , its remarkable how much it hinged on ` hillary 's a woman ' . 
  robust talk about hillary 's ideas and policies -- her cosyness with wall st , her role in plunging libya into bloody mayhem -- was actively discouraged in favour of basically saying : ` america needs its first female president . ' indeed , you could find yourself branded misogynistic for daring to raise hillary 's dodgy political decisions . 
  this search for ` dark deeds ' in her political life is a ` misogynistic horror show ' , said a writer for the guardian . 
  the core vibe of the hillary campaign was , ` how can you talk about her past or policies -- she 'd be the first female president , for god 's sake ? 
  ! ' the question now is why that is n't being said of le pen : ` ignore her hard-right policies and the old photos of her with fascists -- she 'd be the first female president of france , for god 's sake ! ' that 's the logical feminist position . 
  back in 2016 , the gender-trumps-policy argument was everywhere . 
  american feminist and guardian contributor kate harding said : ` i intend to vote with my vagina . ' voting for hillary ` just because she 's a woman ' is a ` damned solid reason ' , she said . 
  would harding back le pen ? 
  after all , le pen has a vagina , and emmanuel macron has a penis , just as every other bloody french president in history has had a penis . 
  and this makes le pen the preferable candidate , right ? 
  another guardian writer , jessica valenti , said it was totally cool to elevate hillary 's gender over her policies . 
  i would play the ` gender card ... again and again ' , she said , because getting america its first-ever woman president is ` important , symbolic and necessary ' . 
  then us house speaker nancy pelosi said hillary 's gender should be a ` very major consideration ' for voters . 
  should le pen 's gender be a very major consideration for the french ? 
  american writer gabrielle moss said she was voting for hillary , not following a ` clear-eyed , unemotional review of her political track record ' , but because she felt an ` intense personal connection ' with hillary as woman . 
  imagine if a french feminist said this . 
  ` never mind le pen 's harsher , borderline racist policies . 
  i just love her womanliness . ' do they see now how ridiculous is the politics of identity , the elevation of a candidate 's sex over her outlook ? 
  and who can forget the media fury rained upon american women who refused to vote for hillary . 
  they were diagnosed with internalised misogyny . 
  a scathing , supposedly feminist piece in the irish times likened women who voted for trump to ` slaves fluffing the pillows of their master 's rocking chair on his porch as he shouts abuse at them ' . 
  stupid , self-hating women -- did n't they know they had a moral duty to back hillary clinton ? 
  the irony of feminists branding ordinary women pig-ignorant for failing to vote emotionally rather than on the basis of policy should be lost on absolutely no one . 
  all the reasons feminists gave for voting for hillary -- she knows the pain of motherhood ; she knows what it 's like to get sexist flak ; there has never been a female president -- can be said word for word about le pen . 
  but it is n't being said . 
  there are two possible reasons for this . 
  the first is that when influential media feminists say we need more women in office , they really mean more women like them . 
  they do n't mean le pen , or even far nicer candidates than her , like andrea leadsom or sarah palin or kate hoey , who has the temerity to love brexit . 
  they mean women who share their politics , and their prejudices , and who come from the same social set as them . 
  this is the use of the feminist lingo as a cover for a ` jobs for the girls ' attitude that 's all about pushing certain women , the right women , good women . 
  that 's a pretty ugly misuse of feminism , if you ask me . 
  the second , more hopeful reason is that they 've realised , finally , that judging people by their sex rather than by what they believe is daft -- foul , in fact . 
  could it be that the rise of le pen , a woman who is n't very nice , a female candidate with unpleasant views , might shatter the politics of identity ? 
  might destroy once and for all the warped 21st-century idea that we should see a person 's biology rather than his or her ideas ? 
  let 's hope so . 
  that would be the one good thing about her campaign . 
  for too long , identitarians have insisted on diversity at the expense of considerations of conviction or intellect ; that the most ` diverse ' candidate in france is also the worst might finally set them straight on such nonsense . 
  it really would be nice if people grew up a bit when it comes to polls and stopped feverishly overanalysing every single one . 
  the previous polls were idiotically high , and showed a swing towards the conservatives significantly more than most were expecting . 
  this weekend 's polls are more in line with what was previously shown to be the case . 
  [ the polling average ] ( http://ukpollingreport.co.uk/uk-polling-report-average ) is a far more reasonable one to look at and puts the above into context . 
  at the moment , it appears the conservatives are somewhere between 15 and 20 points ahead . 
  the conservatives still have an exceptionally strong lead , they are winning on the majority of the fundamentals of the campaign , and people should be exceptionally wary of the narriatives to the contrary that are developing , as they are driven more by the media 's need to fill space rather than actual hard evidence . 
  safer to just call them temporarily unoccupied westernmost wales , right ? 
  europe is not something to be part of . 
  it is something to conquer . 
  if the most recent poll is right , the tories will multiply up to 12 , showing they can reproduce on their own , while labour will go extinct . 
  bugger . 
  ( i do n't actually believe this , but i 'm bored and want to provoke them into a lengthy response that will waste their time , and i 'm gambling they will only see the reply ), 
  sure . 
  they did n't do anything to england ... 
  richard and his family took over an england colonised by the normans . 
  that was the context i was refering to , with the harrowing of the north and the english aristocracy annihilated . 
  to be fair , we have spent the last millenium stealing their gold and promoting a disunited europe for our own narrow geopolitical gain . 
  if aragon wanted to be treated with decency and respect , they should n't have sent over a barren catholic to marry our fun loving newly protestant king .
