  i 'm saying that most people 's reaction to the sun endorsing brexit was a shrug because reactionary populism is kind of their thing , while the times is seen as an economically and politically credible newpaper , so when it says ` remain ' people actually care what the argument is . 
  its the newpaper equivalent of the difference between katie price and martin lewis , katie might have more followers , but people actually care what martin thinks . 
  in terms of the number of people reading them , yes , in terms of intellectual weight , credibility , and the like , not so much . 
  he owns the times which has endorsed remain . 
  he tends to give his editorial teams enough space to make their own decisions . 
  i do n't think there is a single politician who has ever lived who could have gotten the conservatives elected in 2015 without promising an eu referendum . 
  i think people are generally underestimating the appeal of the chaotically neutral in the uk of people who are bored and intrigued by what actually might result from brexit and the impact it would have , and are voting to leave just to find out . 
  politics at the moment in the uk is a bit boring , this could really make things fun . 
  he is exceptionally smart . 
  he has a really good degree from one of the best universities in the world and has repeatedly done the politically impossible . 
  god came down to england personally and told us the only acceptable way to serve chips is in newspaper with salt and vinegar , and sometimes some ketchup . 
  anything else is blasphemy and an abomination in the eyes of god . 
  what are you kraut ? 
  do you tremble and quake with fear at the approach of combat , hoping to talk your way out of a fight like a belgian ? 
  or do you hear the cry of the warrior , calling you to battle , calling you to glory like an anglo-saxon ? 
  i do n't see why people are so worried about syrian migrants while french and belgian people are allowed to freely wander the streets putting mayonnaise on chips . 
  is that what we fought the second world war for ? 
  is that why our ancesters sacrificed themselves ? 
  enough is enough . 
  yay !, 
  reboots are always better than the original . 
  because they serve mayonnaise with chips like barbarians . 
  fine , you get poland if we get ireland . 
  nope . 
  there are three sides in the referendum , leave , remain and invade . 
  the last one has decided we can get all the benefits of the eu and keep all the sovereignty if we are just willing to get a bit creative ... 
  what is the point of allies if you do n't sell them out to further your own geopolitical ends ? 
  better people have done worse when thinking there was a good chance they were going to get a death sentence . 
  hence why i did n't say that it did , and explictly said that his actions were criminal , wrong , and he was rightly fired for them . 
  there is a difference between finding an excuse for something and understanding that context is a thing . 
  he frequently went on long trips , with many hours of filming . 
  part of their contract was that they got hot food at the end of the day . 
  this had been an issue which they kept pressing , and it was part of their contract which the bbc had hired them on . 
  add into that he had a cancer scare that week . 
  his actions were wrong and criminal , and he was rightly fired for them , but it was n't just a random violent attack . 
  both , and the politicians in the remain camp . 
  i mean they should do that to the electorate , rather than remain just asserting they must be right because they are experts . 
  i 'm fine with experts giving their opinions . 
  what i want is them to justify them , and to actually make the case explaining why we should believe them this time around when they have been wrong in the past . 
  rather than just appealing to their authority , i want them to actually make the argument and explain why it is correct . 
  it is almost fun to see him squirm when asked about it , while he does everything he can to pivot away to the economy as quickly as possible without conceding his inability to do what he promised he would at the last two elections . 
  his approach involves going to a strawman shop , finding the most hollow strawman he can find , taking it to an artist to be painted to make it look big , evil and scary , taking it to the studio , then spending fifteen minutes beating it with a stick . 
  he handwaves immigration as a wash and asserts that the anti-expert position is wrong and we should listen to experts . 
  the former is a highly questionable part of the campaign that many people disagree with , the latter ignores the actual anti-elite case , which is based on them being proven systematically wrong in almost all of the situations where they have been tested ( on the erm , on the euro , on the strength of the american housing market , on whether we are going to get economic growth the following year in 2007 , whether austerity was going to work in 2011 ) not to mention the whole , weapons of mass destruction in iraq , systematic sexual abuse of children , hillsborough and bloody sunday incidents that have left quite a few people entirely legitimately sceptical of our political elite and their credibility . 
  the reason the tories are running the remain campaign is because everyone else in british politics are losers who have a proven track record of having their arses handed to them in almost every exercise in democracy . 
  the sole reason remain are level pegging and not heading to an av style annihilation is because of cameron and osborne 's strategic positioning on the economy . 
  when anyone else has tried anything , they have comprehensively failed on practically every level other than appealing to the already converted . 
  why accept refugees when if there is sufficient human suffering , other states who care about basic humanity more will take them instead ? 
  we went to a lot of effort to steal this flag from the genoans , we did n't do it just so someone can call it stupid . 
  we care deeply about anyone who can be a conduit for anti-russian sentiment . 
  no it is n't . 
  our economy is pretty big , and currency markets move around all of the time , particularly when there is risk involved . 
  that shows nothing more than people trying to make a quick profit on currency fluctuations . 
  no-one knows what is going to happen . 
  the most likely reason for a recession is confidence taking a hit because everyone keeps saying there is a recession coming , and osborne taking the economy to ` prepare ' for it, 
  a recession is two successive quarters of negative economic growth . 
  there is no proof that a brexit or a shock would result in that rather than just reduced growth . 
  i do n't . 
  i live in the real world , where we are looking at the actual situation right now . 
  it is other people predicting the future who are creating fantasies often through complex models with large numbers of assumptions, 
  it is n't a fact . 
  its the worst case prediction by an organisation which has gotten it wrong before . 
  no-one knows what is actually going to happen to quote remain voting consumer champion martin lewis :  anyone who tells you they know what 'll happen if we leave the eu is a liar . 
   predicting exact numbers for economic , immigration or house price change is nonsense . 
  what 's proposed is unprecedented . 
   all the studies , models and hypotheses are based on assumptions -- that 's guesstimate and hope . 
  its not like you have an imperialist neighbour just to your right who has a tendency to periodically try and annex you or anything . 
  we could always start off easy and work our way up . 
  ` you have x local meps . 
  what are their names ? ', 
  ` what is the job of ( insert name of european official here ) ? 
  what does he do ? ', 
  ` how much does x country pay to the eu ? ', 
  pay them minimum wage with everything else driven by bonuses , i 'm sure they 'll up their game quite a bit ... 
  that can be overcome through effective and varied questions based on facts rather than emotion . 
  we could always tie european officials and mep 's salaries to countrywide surveys of public views and see how quickly communications trends change . 
  you 'd ' a thought if us leaving the eu was going to trigger the end of western political civilization , world war 3 , a worldwide economic crisis , and whatever else they have come up with this afternoon , and if we had the influence that the remain camp claims we have , that cameron should probably have gotten a much better deal than he actually got given the stakes . 
  there is a perfect time and a place for everyone . 
  telling junker to go fuck himself after threatening the country for its democratic choice would be it for boris . 
  they are a godless traitor who has betrayed the crown and sold out our magnificent nation to the eussr . 
  why should n't they be shunned ? 
  i 'm english . 
  take that into account when judging sarcasm , because we do not debase ourselves with an / s, 
  if leave win it is n't because they we have been intellectual titans , its because remain have been negligently incompetent and somehow managed to lose a referendum where every major party is in agreement and they are winning comprehensively on the economy . 
  that 's on them , not us . 
  alternatively eurosceptics are entirely sensible , rational people looking at flawed institutions with biases and structural issues and an exceptionally simplistic eternal solution in evermore money and centralisation and rejecting that narrow paradym of what the future entails , while the pro-european movement is small minded , patronising and ineffective at recognising its own shortcomings refusing to accept their failures , avoiding it by straw manning opponents to avoid difficult conversations . 
  civic nationalism makes perfect sense in the modern world , which is why the eu is attempting to co-opt it as a sense of a pan-european identity . 
  we do like annoying foreigners and causing chaos , so it is n't exactly out of character . 
  i mean , we 'll still be on the planet , so it is n't worth them killing themselves over it , but other than that , i expect complete emotional devastation . 
  like , euros 96 levels of devastation . 
  lets be brutally honest , we are just amazing and awesome in every way , and our very presence is basically the only half decent thing about the european union nowadays . 
  without us , what is the point ? 
  its like remaining in take that when robbie leaves , pointless . 
  you must be mistaken , there was n't a european championships that year . 
  it was cancelled due to a lack of demand after we boycotted it . 
  must be true , i read it in the mail . 
  that would be an exceptionally useful and intelligent point , if we had n't interned 27,000 people without trial due to race riots across the country in order to prevent them from being a third column , despite the official home office position being that they had all been investigated and those being interned were not a threat to society . 
  i agree for those people who do move abroad there is a charge of hypocracy , but for those who have n't , why is it unfair for people who feel affected by a lack of language skills amongst immigrants to complain just because other people who share their nationality have done the same elsewhere ? 
  it is entirely possible to think that both immigrants coming to the uk and british immigrants in spain should learn the local language , interact with locals , and make efforts to integrate . 
  i 'm not giving them the benefit of the doubt .
