  with their popes , and their foreigners . 
  that 's all they ever do , plot against england . 
  obviously , we were aware of this , and so we did the only logical thing . 
  genocided ireland . 
  as you do . 
  i 'm not slavic , but i 'm dyslexic . 
  any chance there 's a bit of crossover , like with welsh ? 
  you guys do n't have a single left wing party in your parliament ? 
  its like thatcher 's dream of paradise . 
  how difficult is it to learn polish ? 
  i want the result which will wind up reddit the most . 
  y' know , the equivalent of a cameron/trump/harper / abbott win . 
  what 's the likelihood , and who should i be supporting ? 
  my worry is n't that it 's the establishment vs the people . 
  my worry is that it is the ` progressive ' part of the establishment with the ` progressive ' part of the people telling everyone else that they should remain because of how wonderful and progressive they and the eu are because they do n't want to be the sort of non-progressive small minded xenophobes who vote to leave . 
  y\u2019 know , doing thinks like calling everyone who wants to leave a xenophobe and putting up pictures of farage and saying ` oh , you do n't want to be like him , do you ' . 
  that sort of thing . 
  perhaps the worst run , most ineffective campaign in british political history was the yestoav campaign just a few years ago . 
  it was so bad that it almost certainly convinced more people to vote no than yes , and for many made absolutely clear that the ` progressive majority ' idea in british politics was a myth , and that the liberal elite found it exceptionally difficult to communicate effectively with the wider public . 
  do you have any worries that the remain camp will end up like the yestoav camp , and if so what do you think could be done to stop that from happening ? 
  that was n't what we were talking about . 
  we were talking about people on the uk subreddit being exceptionally dickish in the lead up to and aftermath of the election . 
  i purposefully did n't mock or make fun of the overwhelming majority of people who were labour supporters who were n't like that . 
  i did mock and enjoy the suffering of people on reddit because of how they acted . 
  there 's a difference . 
  lots of people would have lost out if labour won ( most obviously , they were going to cancel a major infrastructure project in my constituency ) , that would n't have stopped labour supporters from being , well , their usual selves in the event of a victory . 
  i enjoyed their suffering because of how certain they were that everyone agreed with them , that they were popular , going to win , everything else , but it was the crushing of their hubris that i enjoyed after years of highlighting the precarious situation only to face the retort of ` the polls ' , which turned out to be bullshit . 
  if they want kindness , decency and respect in defeat , then they should n't be triumphalist , self assured , self aggrandising , circlejerking gits the rest of the time . 
  it was beautiful . 
  i enjoyed myself so much . 
  religions are comforting socio-cultural-religious institutions which provide basic moral frameworks , rudimentary philosophy and community interaction for large numbers of those who attend . 
  the vast majority attend because they enjoy it and because they believe it adds to the collective human experiance . 
  the vast majority of people who become priests do so both because they like the role of helping to facilitate human spiritual , cultural and social development in the communities that they minister and because they enjoy the feeling of being a pivotal person within the community . 
  the idea they are all atheists misleading people while laughing maniacally is a lazy ad hominem strawman , even if it gets upvoted here . 
  dietary restrictions are both religious and cultural . 
  they are also exceptionally common ; plenty of people in britain would be horrified if forced to eat dog , cat or any other meat that some other nations would consider normal . 
  the idea that some people in the room might not like one type of food for cultural , dietary , religious or even just taste reasons is not out of the ordinary . 
  providing a diverse set of options for meals is n't an unfair and disgraceful act of moral and political surrender . 
  it is basic human consideration for others that most people should do as a matter of course because they are n't selfish dickheads . 
  just because you disagree with a religion does n't give you the right to be a dick to them for their beliefs . 
  it simultaneously is a bad strategic choice ( forcing them to eat meat is only going to empower the reactionary aspects and alienate moderate muslims , it will not convince anyone of anything ) and a dickish move . 
  its stuff like this that causes lots of normal and nice atheists to identify as agnostics . 
  nothing about the debate is admirable . 
  there are people on both sides who try to raise the tone , and plenty of people on both sides willing to tell lies , lies of omission or just make shit up to make things easier for them in the short term . 
  a lot of what is happening at the moment is the chickens coming home to roost after decades of politicians using the eu as a figleaf to hide behind whenever things got tough . 
  the problem with your underlying argument is the fact that you seem to be inferring that the eurosceptics are the only ones lying . 
  the pro-european movement has also gotten away with a large number of fibs , particularly over what was possible or likely with negotiation over the years . 
  i 'd also point out the small fact that it is n't exactly clear to the people of britain , shown by the fact that there is a massive difference on the polling for in or out depending on whether free movement is included in the negotiation . 
  immigration was discussed exceptionally badly . 
  we had labour producing mugs , farage saying silly things and the tories making a commitment they knew they could n't keep while the lib dems and the guardian mumbled that it was a good thing . 
  the standard of argument was generally worse than your average schools debating competiton . 
  for this referendum , immigration is going to be the key issue for a couple of months . 
  so , thats going to be fun ... 
  so , you say that , and some people in the eu say that , but lots of british politicians have suggested otherwise . 
  what really needs to happen is for the eu to drop a gigantic anvil engraved with the words ` free movement of people is not a choice ' on british national landmarks until we get the point , but for some reason that does n't seem to be on the agenda . 
  the campaign is going to be hell as soon as it is clear that the choice is between free movement of people in the eu and a points based system for immigration in the uk out . 
  the people of britain have n't had the opportunity to have a ` proper debate ' as they call it on immigration for a very long time . 
  when it comes , it is n't going to be pretty, 
  we 're almost certainly going to get worse for us . 
  we have a habit of people saying silly things . 
  in case anyone was wondering , the main leave camp is being run if not headlined by the same person who ran the exceptionally successful no to av campaign ( the one with the crying baby who needed a nurse , not electoral reform ) . 
  just thought it was worth reminding people of what happened the last time in british politics a liberal political elite asserted something they considered to be self-evidently good while portraying people who liked it as progressive and intelligent while the opposition are regressive and stupid . 
  yes , they were . 
  the british electorate were largely misled by british politicians as to what the likely future of the eu was going to be , and it 's not like at every point an eu politician would pop up and set the record straight . 
  it is n't that absurd . 
  the eurosceptic right ( rather than europhobic , there is a difference ) basically want what was promised to them in 1975 , a trading block and little more . 
  the fact this idea of europe was not the likely future reality and they were lied to by politicians at the time and since is n't the eurosceptics or the eu 's fault , but the fault of domestic politicians taking easy short term decisions without getting a clear mandate . 
  this is just another in a long line of perceived betrayals and false choices to them . 
  it 's quite amusing that people here think cameron is demanding the world , while at the same time the eurosceptic right are attacking him for watering down his requests to the point they are practically worthless . 
  still , it would amuse me if he was n't given the enough to claim a victory and ended up campaigning for out . 
  i 'm sure we can organise a nice system of loans for the good wishes that you desire as and when needed at an exceptionally reasonable rate . 
  while we previously agreed to send full and unconditional good wishes to you when you agreed to act , in retrospect as events have transpired it has been decided that the best possible place for the good wishes is , in fact , at home and in france . 
  do n't worry , i 'm sure everything will be fine . 
  what 's the worst that can happen ? 
  sure . 
  we will send you our full and unconditional good wishes . 
  anything else will be decided through a lengthy cost-benefit analysis to determine our short and long-term geopolitical interests . 
  we 'll get back to you in january . 
  the other way of looking at it is that the conservatives are the party of vested interests , in particular banks , rich people , industrialists and the establishment , all of whom were near universal in their support for remain , while having an underlying level of contempt for the electorate . 
  the majority of constituencies voted leave . 
  we could send it to america ? 
  they love rotting old crap they can throw money at . 
  case in point , our tourism industry . 
  no we are n't . 
  admittedly , some vikings living in france temporarily took over our monarchy for a bit , but eventually we replaced them with germans who we pretend are n't german , and that 's worked out brilliantly for everyone . 
  there is a better chance of me trying the american cheese in a can . 
  i would also like to express my displeasure . 
  quebec might be an awful godforsaken shithole filled with corruption that should have been purged from any decent country to protect those worth saving there through fire and longbows just like any other french territory to our eternal and everlasting shame , but they are less than a quarter of the total of the country . 
  of course . 
  just a quick reminder though , our love is largely conditional on how good your cricket team is , and there is more than enough room for improvement in that are . 
  just putting it out there that you might want to up your game a bit if you do n't want us to leave all # 7.23 of the inheritance to australia and new zealand . 
  yes , but your nation is the one who saw a barrel of six month old fermented fish that smelt like mount doom after an extra large tin of baked beans and though ` huh , maybe it is still edible ' . 
  at least we had the decency to accept that our food is shit and tried to set things right by invading countries with decent culinary skills and stealing their recipes . 
  you just raided us !, 
  any decent , humane nation would have done the decent thing and launched a cull of all the sprouts by now to free us all of their evil clutches , but no . 
  you sit there with your chocolate and beer , watching visitors struggle to eat them while pretending to be polite rather than shouting entirely justified obscenities at you . 
  they do n't love you as much as we do . 
  remember when we teamed up to burn down the white house ? 
  that was fun . 
  that might be going a bit far .
