  ` we 've re-evaluated and decided that the only problem is that european commissioners and mep 's are not paid enough and the european parliament does n't have enough money . 
  you might think that we are just going to pay lip service to those people angry at the status quo , but i could n't possibly comment ... ', 
  for those who do n't know , this was not because the greens did well ( they lost around 0.75 of the vote they had before ) but purely due to the lib dems collapsing . 
  so it 's more the lib dems ended up below the greens than anything else . 
  now , now . 
  do n't be racist . 
  we hate all foreigners equally . 
  i interact perfectly with the french . 
  by which i mean that i fire the longbow and they get hit by the longbow . 
  wait , your nation is based on mocking the germans ? 
  why the hell did n't you say so !, 
  we 've been doing that for decades !, 
  i suggest we meet up sometime and compare notes . 
  the electorate is acting as a check on those in power . 
  those in power want ever closer union , more funds going to the eu and more power being centralised in that institution . 
  the euro sceptics do not want this and want to take powers back . 
  their value judgements range from ` stop expanding the power of the eu ' to ` we should leave ' to ` what exactly can we get ' the issue is that we have been trusting our representatives to do things and we do n't like how it has resulted . 
  we had a massively pro-eu prime minister giving away billions of pounds to try and get reform and all we ended up with was the lisbon treaty and no promised referendum . 
  the issue is that people are not happy with how things are going and do not trust the people in brussels to sort things out without a massive fire being set underneath them to get them to act . 
  they do n't seem to realise or care how pissed off people are with them , and asking nicely for reforms is n't working . 
  you spend a lot of time saying what britain ca n't do . 
  the problem is that for people unhappy with the status quo , just saying that leaving would be a bit shit is n't a good way of convincing them that the should stay . 
  i 'm fine with the principle of european integration . 
  i just do n't want us to be part of it :-), 
  little bit of a culture difference here . 
  what he calls ` appeasing ukip ' we call ` recognising that lots of people have a political preference and the point if a democracy is that parties try to reflect the democratic wishes of their public ' . 
  crazy , i know , but in britain we at least pretend to care about the wishes of the public ... 
  plus , making it seem like a competition against other european states night help . 
  ` take that foreigners !, 
  we 're more tolerant than you ! ', 
  [ i think johnny english summed it up best ... ] ( http://youtu.be/btp_7ybpmro ), 
  by being such a large audiance that they got through by default !, 
  the purest victory of them all . 
  and britain was twenty times more popular than the french !, 
  i 'm calling that a win . 
  the yes camp were given prime time coverage for months , lengthy column inches and spent millions of pounds on advertising , leaflets and events . 
  they lost because they were completely and utterly incompetent and atrocious at politics . 
  they had a gigantic platform and chose to spew out progressive circle jerking buzzwords designed to appeal to people who already decided to vote yes rather than actually trying to convince anyone in the country to vote no . 
  the eu is supported by the majority of the commons , lords , all three main party leaders , the three main parties , big business and the city of london . 
  if anyone is at a disadvantage of getting a platform , it is the euro sceptic camp, 
  i genuinely do n't know which side you think is being denied a platform . 
  if only there was some methodology by which the country could have a prolonged period of debate and discussion whereby each different faction , lobby and institution could discuss the benefits and costs of leaving the european union before ultimately consulting the people through a simple question of whether they should remain in or leave ... 
  [ lord mandelson ] ( http://www.pinknews.co.uk/images/mandelson2.jpg ) the point i have been trying to make is that the pro-eu parties do not win because they are pro-eu , but because europe is not the decisive issue for the majority of people when voting in general elections as people care about the economy and other things more . 
  consequently , an anti-eu electorate ends up with pro-eu parties and gets quite annoyed with that , until we reach a critical mass and ukip ends up winning . 
  we did n't . 
  our politicians did , then reneged on promises of consultation and consideration by the public , who were told that if they cared about the issue they were only allowed to care and vote on that issue and for an ` out ' party or their views would be entirely ignored . 
  our pro-european political class might have above average representation in europe . 
  that does not mean they represent us , our views or our wishes . 
  particularly considering they include the lord of darkness and a lady who has never been elected and was chosen purely out of political patronage . 
  the people of britain were asked if they wanted to join a customs union . 
  they said yes . 
  they do n't think that what they signed up to is what the eu now is , and would like to go back to what they initially signed up for , but are told that is not an option . 
  consequently , quite a few people would rather leave . 
  we prefer to think of it as getting just the ice cream and the cone without all of the extra crap that we did n't order but the eu keeps insisting they have to put on and that we have to pay for without any say in the matter . 
  that 's the plan . 
  provoke a war between china and america which escalates to include russia and japan then take their global clout thought arms sales and investment while they are fighting the war . 
  a reverse of ww1/2 , if you will . 
  genius !, 
  give in to the darkness . 
  accept the evil into your heart . 
  join us . 
  you know you want to . 
  embrace eternity !, 
  i love how op thinks that britain taking democratic dominance over ireland while eurocrats get rid of the monarchy will reduce nationalism and tension . 
  only someone completely , utterly and entirely ignorant of any social , cultural , political or military history of the isles of britain and ireland could conclude in such a way . 
  eurovision is an opportunity to get drunk and take the piss out of foreigners . 
  it is one of my favourite nights of the year . 
  they use nukes against us , we use them against them . 
  its in neither parties side to use nuclear weapons at any stage . 
  we just need to use some good old salami tactics . 
  so , after we 've won the war , i presume we 'll all be dividing up russia into different protectorates again ? 
  shotgun the oil places !, 
  i do n't exactly have the time or funds to do so . 
  the areas of primary disagreement i have are largely irrelevent to the european parliament . 
  yes , but farage is comparatively sound ( ie , he is n't a racist ), 
  south east, 
  annoyed conservative . 
  the question is a simple one . 
  who the hell does a right wing person annoyed with the current leadership who is exceptionally skeptical of the european project vote for in the uk ? 
  if i vote conservative it would be seen as me supporting the current set up . 
  voting labour is never going to happen . 
  if i vote lib dem that will be interpreted as me wanting the eu to have ever expanding power and influence . 
  the greens are certifiably insane and do not represent any of my views . 
  i do n't like ukip , but i 've investigated their candidates in my region and they are n't the racist crazies that they have elsewhere . 
  it is them or not voting . 
  the british do not consider the european elections to be important . 
  consequently , angry voters tend to use it as a stick to beat the ruling parties with . 
  disaffected tories are using this as their one opportunity to tell the party to get their shit together . 
  bored labour people are using this as their opportunity to decry how pointless and empty miliband is . 
  ukip is primarily the catalyst for this disappointment , little more . 
  i should know , i 'm one of them . 
  2 million odd people in northern ireland . 
  40 % of them protestants . 
  20 turned up to a demonstration and acted like complete wankers . 
  at the risk of precipitating low expectations ; at least it 's 20 and they did n't hurt anyone . 
  the question is not a matter of efficacy in certain situations . 
  the question is whether those capable of action would make themselves subordinate to an organisation with the ability to override or undermine them and act counter to that countries interests while providing little to no proactive benefit . 
  i mean this in the nicest possible way , but when it comes to a war against russia or a proper conflict outside the eu the only countries that matter are britain , france and germany and as long as germany remains unwilling to take on combat roles , that pretty much just means france and britain . 
  we already need the approval and logistical support of the us to do pretty much anything . 
  we would n't sacrifice even more sovereignty for no actual benefit .
