  you can have no problem with immigrants and still believe we should have a controlled immigration system , they are n't mutually exclusive . 
  its really weird how many people here seem to think that an unregulated continental completely libertarian labour market is the only possible immigration policy . 
  is there a single proper paper that does n't recognise the long standing structural problems with the eu ? 
  of course they have , but that does n't stop there from being massive underlying issues as well as the bullshit . 
  europeans , who just so happen to be white , get to travel the eu without any problem , but africans , americans and asians have restrictions placed upon them . 
  how is that not textbook racism ? 
  they really were n't . 
  the desire of the electorate to restore a number of competencies to the national level in a manner that was impossible without leaving the european union was longstanding , clear and broad , with little to indicate that viable reform was possible . 
  you 've been reading too much of the guardian and eu parliament press releases . 
  the causes of the brexit vote were structural and long standing . 
  the logic for leaving the single market is that we should have a nationality and race blind immigration system that treats eu migrants the same as non-eu migrants , determined in the same manner as we currently use for non-eu migrants . 
  that is an entirely logical and reasonable approach that should make sense to practically everyone on an intuitive and moral level . 
  the counterargument is that the eu refuses to allow that as an option , and on a crude utilitarian calculus it would be in our economic interest for us to capitulate to their demands . 
  that is an entirely legitimate position , but it is n't exactly principled or intellectually justifiable outside of one specific interpretation of the national good . 
  i 'm aware of that , but think it largely a manufactured issue from news organisations creating their own narratives rather than portraying the reality of the situation . 
  why ? 
  free trade in goods and services and a fair immigration system that treats all nationalities equally , what 's not to like . 
  current immigration policy is entirely intellectually inconsistent and makes absolutely no sense on any basis other than cold hard utilitarian realism . 
  the electorate recognising that and voting for a position which is at least intellectually consistent does not require them to be racist , merely logical . 
  perception is n't reality , and media narratives tend to reflect the prejudices of the people making them and the audiences demanding them . 
  i 'm pretty sure if you dedicated the same amount of media coverage to the social and political views of most of the european working class , it would significantly harm their international perceptions . 
  but we want their business and do n't particularly want their people . 
  that is an accurate summation of our trade policy . 
  yes , but you are greek , meaning that you have been taught to be very careful in interactions with us . 
  ' * of course * we wo n't use this fleet to sink the turkish fleet at this pivotal moment in the greek war of independence , we 've just sailed here for a nice holiday ... ' ' * of course * we are n't serious about taking all of those nice statues from the parthenon back to the british museum ' ' * of course * we do n't care about the rights of a random portugeese jew who happens to be a british citizen , and definitely wo n't use this as an opportunity to express our power ... ', 
  boris has achieved what he wanted . 
  he 's gotten a news story about how stupid he is that has raised the issue of italian and other eu countries exporters to britain , and they are now more likely to raise their concerns at a domestic level . 
  the benefit or harm of that is questionable , but it is likely what he was going for . 
  if you wanted to be treated with decency and respect , you should n't have let your largely foreign born political elite raid our coastline over five hundred years ago . 
  you started it , we finished it . 
  ( as a loyal and patriotic englishman interacting with an intelligent and respectable irishman , i consider the use of any outward show of sarcasm during this interaction to be superfluous and insulting to their intellect and comedic understanding . 
  that said , if any americans who lack those social assets are looking on , the above is not intended as serious . ), 
  well , if they had n't left and remained in our electorate , then when the brexit vote came along they voted to remain in the eu , then we would have ended up with a remain vote overall ... 
  when in doubt , adopt traditional british strategy number 2 : outsource all of your problems and blame to ireland . 
  we 'll find a way . 
  if there is anything britain and ireland are good at , it is finding convoluted solutions to big problems . 
  i do n't disagree , but that was a deliberate choice by cameron to boost the remain vote . 
  the resources required to do so , and their time scale for doing so , would have made it near impossible to do . 
  in defence of people who were pro-brexit they were n't give the resources , skills , people or time to do that properly , and we were categorically told that a vote to not leave was it and that it would be over for the foreseeable future . 
  i think if people on the leave side were offered the opportunity to take a year sabbatical to come up with the proper plan with the proper resources then most would have gone for it . 
  good . 
  france elects le pen . 
  she leaves nato and the eu . 
  we leave nato and the eu . 
  then we can finally end this godforsaken , ahistorical ceasefire and return to the natural state between our two countries , as god intended . 
  might as well go practice with the longbow . 
  i could not help myself . 
  it is my nature ... 
  ( yes . ), 
  one day , a scorpion looked around at the mountain where he lived and decided that he wanted a change . 
  so he set out on a journey through the forests and hills . 
  he climbed over rocks and under vines and kept going until he reached a river . 
  the river was wide and swift , and the scorpion stopped to reconsider the situation . 
  he could n't see any way across . 
  so he ran upriver and then checked downriver , all the while thinking that he might have to turn back . 
  suddenly , he saw a frog sitting in the rushes by the bank of the stream on the other side of the river . 
  he decided to ask the frog for help getting across the stream . 
  `` hellooo mr. 
  frog ! '', 
  called the scorpion across the water , `` would you be so kind as to give me a ride on your back across the river ? '', 
  `` well now , mr. scorpion !, 
  how do i know that if i try to help you , you wont try to kill me ? '', 
  asked the frog hesitantly . 
  `` because , '' the scorpion replied , `` if i try to kill you , then i would die too , for you see i can not swim ! '', 
  now this seemed to make sense to the frog . 
  but he asked . 
  `` what about when i get close to the bank ? 
  you could still try to kill me and get back to the shore ! '', 
  `` this is true , '' agreed the scorpion , `` but then i would n't be able to get to the other side of the river ! '', 
  `` alright then ... how do i know you wont just wait till we get to the other side and then kill me ? '', 
  said the frog . 
  `` ahh ... , '' crooned the scorpion , `` because you see , once you 've taken me to the other side of this river , i will be so grateful for your help , that it would hardly be fair to reward you with death , now would it ?! '', 
  so the frog agreed to take the scorpion across the river . 
  he swam over to the bank and settled himself near the mud to pick up his passenger . 
  the scorpion crawled onto the frog 's back , his sharp claws prickling into the frog 's soft hide , and the frog slid into the river . 
  the muddy water swirled around them , but the frog stayed near the surface so the scorpion would not drown . 
  he kicked strongly through the first half of the stream , his flippers paddling wildly against the current . 
  halfway across the river , the frog suddenly felt a sharp sting in his back and , out of the corner of his eye , saw the scorpion remove his stinger from the frog 's back . 
  a deadening numbness began to creep into his limbs . 
  `` you fool ! '', 
  croaked the frog , `` now we shall both die !, 
  why on earth did you do that ? '', 
  the scorpion shrugged , and did a little jig on the drownings frog 's back . 
  `` i could not help myself . 
  it is my nature . '', 
  then they both sank into the muddy waters of the swiftly flowing river . 
  yeah , but if we ca n't give answers during the negotiations after having triggered article 50 because we have n't prepared that is going to make them impatient and unsympathetic . 
  i think we 've already done plenty to annoy them and the negotiating period is going to be the hard part , not this one now . 
  as soon as article 50 is triggered our position is weakened even more than it currently is , with the eu 's position is made even stronger . 
  it is entirely in britain 's interest to prepare as much as possible before doing so rather than triggering it asap . 
  yes , i have considered sending this through to the subreddit considering superb ideas ( i assume that is what / s means ? ), 
  i 'm sick and tired of all these childish and arbitrary national differences . 
  they should represent nothing in the 21st century.we should be one common humanity , having abolished all national , ethnic , religious and cultural differences , all living under one state under the dominion of the crown and administered by parliament . 
  you will all get one seat , which will adequately reflect your status , then everything will once again be perfect , with everyone happy their horrendus independence will finally be removed from them . 
  democratic peace theory linked with liberal capitalism backed up by nato . 
  if you fail to plan , you plan to fail . 
  from his explaination , yes . 
  he is , though , a politican in an election cycle , and i think we should n't take his assertion as objective truth and instead wait for it to be independently verified before taking what he says as objective fact . 
  this is one of those really stupid sayings that people repeat without realising it completely contradicts their own case . 
  people criticise the saudis , may , murdoch , the queen , the government , nato , trump , pretty much everyone all the time .
