  by democracy , i mean more the fact that we have people who are unelected in the supreme positions of authority . 
  this particularly rankles brits because they tend to be unpopular technocrats or people who failed to make any impact at westminster . 
  there are also fears that pro-eu advocates are not acting in the national interest , that they advocate positions beneficial to the eu in exchange for future wellpaid offices which have influence . 
  a more democratic way of choosing commissioners would aid this . 
  a major argument for remaining within the european union is that it 's obvious problems , flaws and deep deficits in transparency and democracy will be gradually weeded out and removed over time . 
  most british people do not want to leave an eu which is evolving and taking steps to deal with its inadequacies . 
  change that to an eu that refuses to make basic changes which are popular ? 
  this will only hamstring the pro-eu movement . 
  it was intended as a joke, 
  time for the uk to start finding some legal technicalities to return occupied south ireland to lizzies glorious rule just in time for those oil contracts to be signed ... 
  i would also add john churchill , the first duke of marlborough . 
  he ensured the glorious revolution would not result in a domestic civil war then became the de facto leader of the allied troops in the war of the spanish succession . 
  he lead one of the broadest coalitions of all time to comparative success and turned britain from a two-bit military power which no-one really saw as a threat into one of the foremost military nations of europe . 
  he was one of europe 's greatest generals and won some of the most significant battles of all time , yet few people know of him . 
  damn education system ... 
  we burnt down the white house ... 
  it would only save britain and france money if it were not voted for . 
  we have weapons to intervene on our own because we have areas where we have to intervene where our allies do not have the same need to project force . 
  i fear this would just lead to britain and france paying twice . 
  i do n't question whether there would be candidates . 
  i question whether there would be strong enough candidates for the election to be taken seriously . 
  yes , but a few suggestions would be helpful to identify some people who might have legitimacy . 
  the only people who come to mind are either domestically unpopular , tainted by past wars or not well known enough throughout the eu to get enough votes . 
  i mean , we would need one euro sceptic , one opposed to increased contributions , one advocating more funds going to the eu , and unapologetic advocate of the eu which were all well known enough to be recognisable and for the election to actually be legitimate . 
  who can you think of that would get a decent proportion of the vote in enough countries to claim some democratic legitimacy ? 
  unless europe is willing to defend french guyana and the falklands unconditionally , i think it unlikely that britain and france would agree to it . 
  what happens when a nation decides to leave ? 
  how easy would it be to rejoin ? 
  who decides on the elections , how do they gain legitimacy ? 
  the only reason the us remains as it does was their willingness to sacrifice half a million men and women to find out . 
  there are just so many questions which we wo n't get an answer to . 
  if i were the architect able to make it in the way that i want ? 
  then i would support it . 
  would i be likely to accept the bastardised creation designed to appeal to enough vested interests and corrupt bodies interested in exploiting their positions for power and opposing reform ? 
  probably not, 
  like a patient undergoing an operation , while i accept that staying in the european union is probably the right thing to so and a lot of people i would listen to , like experts , doctors , consultants and the like , i would still like to be consulted and asked whether or not we should stay with the current situation or change things up . 
  treason can have honour while heroism can be the wrong thing to do . 
  there are no absolutes . 
  snowdon is an exceptionally interesting blend of each strand . 
  maybe some people do n't have a choice ? 
  if you live in the country with rural roads and farm work to do , you do n't always have an option . 
  not everyone has access to great public transport . 
  my hamlet gets one bus a day . 
  if we do n't have cars , we die . 
  it 's that simple . 
  noooooooooo !, 
  not berlusconi !, 
  he brings happiness to so many people 's lives . 
  he is literally the only interesting thing about italian politics . 
  ca n't we just make him president of the eu instead ? 
  here 's a quick explaination of the difference between figurative and literally for you : http://robdyoung.com/metaphors-figurative-vs-literal/, 
  sorry , brit here , but for some reason when we start telling people that their government is shit and that they should be more open , transparent and competant people just complain that we have become the same old imperialists that we have always been . 
  we could always come out in favour of the government ? 
  that would probably be more effective for your cause, 
  i 'd have it as a tax rebate, 
  give us a century , we 're getting the band back together via reddit . 
  anglosphere for the win, 
  when german reunification was first mooted , margaret thatcher was strongly opposed to it , foreseeing perceptions like this . 
  the point is that germany is the most powerful state there is in europe politiclly , economically and demographically . 
  other nations in europe saw this as a threat in the earlier twentieth century , and sought to limit germany first through war and secondly through partition and economic interdependence . 
  the whole point of the two world wars was to stop powerful central european powers from overriding the wishes of smaller states and their nationalist movements . 
  that is why people make comparisons to the nazis , because they see a direct parallel between a centralised europe imposing laws and economic dictates onto them and the autocratic nature of nazism . 
  granted , there are massive problems with this viewpoint , and i definitely do not subscribe to it , but that 's why people have this reaction . 
  the idea that the problems were caused by someone else and that the germans are imposing something bad onto the people against their will brings up the tropes of resistance and opposition . 
  basically , yes , these people are wrong , but they are wrong for cultural and historic reasons which will not be dealt with by telling them that they have hurt your feelings . 
  instead , you need to either reassure them of their national sovereignty or explain more effectively why germany does what it does not to politicians or to the international community but to the people you are imposing austerity on . 
  you do not help the human condition by commanding sick people to be healthier , you look at whether the medicine is working or sit down with the patient and explain why it is necassary . 
  they might hate you for administering the injection , but in time they will be grateful edit : well , i spent a while on this and put a bit of thought into it and i 'm pretty sure i 'm not trolling but trying to create legitimate discussion in response to a question , so i would actually like people to explain why i 'm wrong rather than just downvoting . 
  you are meant to downvote things which do n't add to the conversation rather than stuff you might disagree with, 
  yay !, 
  i can buy croatian youngsters on football manager and not have to worry about work permits !, 
  i do not apologise for this being the primary reason that i support the expansion of the eu, 
  i 'm a european , does n't mean i do n't dislike and distrust the eu , just as an englishman i can not be english but hate my government . 
  europe is not the eu . 
  the benefit of the eu is not always the benefit of europeans . 
  you can be pro-europe , but anti eu . 
  the eu has a distinct lack of liberalism in the classical gladstonian sense . 
  the closest we have , the netherlands , the uk , are relatively small and can easily be overrided by the majority , who tend to be much more statist or socialist . 
  if the uk leaves , then they are going to have massive trouble with keeping things like tax rates low and keeping the eu competitive in the wider world . 
  but i guess quite a few people would like that ... 
  oh no , not the intellectual titan that is marta andreasen . 
  how will ukip ever survive the loss of a statistically irrelevent member who definitely wo n't just take up a slot in the south east for the conservatives next time around whlie the ukip vote remains exactly the same . 
  i 'm pretty certain that there is absolutely no bias around this story whatsoever . 
  this is n't new , william hague has incorporated it into his stand-up [ routine ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1nyhkao5amw ), 
  silly question , has there even been any suggestion of expanding the six nations to allow romania and georgia in ? 
  it would be fun to see them beat scotland and italy, 
  i like to watch the world burn, 
  i do n't know . 
  sometimes i think it would be more fun to be part of it and cause even more chaos and confusion . 
  you only get what you give , after all . 
  diverted massive amounts of resources in a failed attempt to remove nick clegg in the last general election which almost certainly lost labour a number of seats in an idiotic self indulgent attempt to prove his ability . 
  giving nearly a billion pounds to help syrian refugees is actually a pretty big amount of help , and i 'm getting tired of people pretending that only by accepting refugees can you help . 
  i 'm not someone who thinks we have no duty to help . 
  i am someone who realises given the current political situation in the uk it is a hell of a lot easier to get loads more money going in aid to help refugees in syria and the surrounding area than it is to get a statistically irrelevant number more refugees in . 
  other than ukip , when has any uk politician ever actually done that ? 
  i 'm talking actual quotes here . 
  it 's less best behaviour and more doing as much as possible to harm the perception of the eu in the british publics mind . 
  use a mechanism that you previously agreed with cameron would n't be used , harming the credibility of any future promises to the british electorate ? 
  check . 
  giant tax bill on ` success ' ( in the eyes of the electorate ) ?
