within the british system you have to pay # 500 to stand in a seat . 
  if you get 5 % of the vote you get it back . 
  this is called ` saving the deposit ' and to lose your deposit is embarrasing and symbolic that you are entirely irrelevent and have no support in that seat . 
  the green party stood in 310 constituencies in 2010 . 
  they lost their deposit in all but six of them . 
  this was down from 2005 where they stood in 182 constitunancies but kept 22 . 
  she is n't as good as cameron or boris would be at getting the moderate centre ground to vote for her , but she would be better at getting the right to vote for her . 
  i do n't know how you could sum up future tory leaders while ignoring the most obvious frontrunner after boris . 
  who would most likely beat him in a contest ( at least , in my opinion ) theresa may is not well liked by many outside of the tory party and is positively detested by lots of people online and the generic left , as well as large numbers of foreign nationals . 
  the result has been that her position seems artificially weak as what matters is the conservative party who are actually going to vote . 
  they tend to lie about who they would vote for dependent on how they feel about boris relative to cameron now , not their real intentions in a leadership contest . 
  tories tend to do well when they can plausibly claim to be right wing , anti-union and pro-referendum and pro-reform of the eu ( despite wanting to remain in to appease business and trade people ) while having the air of competence . 
  theresa may is not obviously more incompetent than osbourne , gove or others and appears more competent and boring than boris . 
  boris has said a lot about tfl , but may went to the police union and ambushed and berated them for an entire speech . 
  furthermore , boris might have nominally the advantage on the eu , but may got rid of qatada and can be more convincing on the actual problems of the thing . 
  boris is an adulterous , socially liberal populist with few real principles and many vices . 
  may is boring , right wing but ` sound ' . 
  plus there is the ` maggie ' factor ( tories like right wing women more than wet old etonians ), 
  they think chips are vegetables, 
  if ds9 has taught us anything it is that the pm is innocent and that the person who is going to replace him is actually the undercover officer . 
  do n't go to sparta . 
  it is a shithole . 
  maybe we can give everyone who takes part a participation award !, 
  you remember iraq ? 
  where for the attack from the north we were going to need 4 times as much american support to attack as we were actually providing ? 
  thank god turkey said no and we got the relatively easy move from the south instead . 
  i 'm just saying rather than pretend we can do anything on our own , just , we 'll accept we ca n't . 
  so , we oblige all countries to pay 2 % despite most of the money being useless and irrelevant because it stopped the free rider problem and makes it marginally more acceptable to the powerful countries that can actually do shit . 
  rather than waste 2 % on pointless crap , they offer the americans , say 1 % ( to be negotiated ) . 
  home country gets to spend another 1 % buying off their electorate with social policies !, 
  americans get to buy some useful stuff rather than pointless signalling , and the whole thing is easier to justify . 
  has anyone ever tried just offering to pay other nato countries a lower amount as a gesture to appease the americans ? 
  it would probably benefit both sides . 
  if we are involved then we can disrupt it when it is counter to our interests and support it when it benefits us . 
  some of the most successful films of all time have never officially had profit . 
  this includes the likes of return of the jedi , forrest gump , spider-man and harry potter and the order of the pheonix , which despite a budget of $ 150 million and abox office $ 939,885,929 ended up with a paper loss of $ 167 million . 
  well , the stuff around the world goes to fifa or is bought from china , not germany . 
  as to the money they use yes , it comes out of disposable income . 
  there is a boost , it is rarely enough to recoup losses . 
  where it does help it is rarely at the same level as just spending the money on tourist advertising directly . 
  yep . 
  it 's impressive how they can make hundreds of millions in profit tax deductible, 
  i have no problem whatsoever with people describing the world cup as a vanity purchase designed to appease and entertain the population for a month . 
  when couched in those terms it is an entirely acceptable investment for the benefit gained . 
  what i do n't like is the phantom economics that comes out of it when the government and special interest groups start justifying it by claiming it was economically profitable . 
  sport competitions are profitable in the same way as hollywood blockbusters end up being unprofitable, 
  yeah , but that was n't money made out of nowhere . 
  it was money that was going to be spent on other consumer goods , drinks at the pub or something else . 
  when you factor in the time spent not working , the harm to transport infrastructure and everything else then it rarely breaks even . 
  and naturally governments who have spent the money are going to exaggerate the benefits of it . 
  i tend to find it easier to laugh at homophobes which i know the proportion off that they actually are . 
  so , without contesting that this person is an idiotic homophobe ... any idea how much actually goes to ngo 's and lgbt lobbying groups ? 
  je tiens \u00e0 vous tirer avec un longbow * traditional english greeting to a frenchman *, 
  due to fptp it is highly unlikely that ukip will gain any mps . 
  in the event that they got one or two they would remain one of the least influential parties and would likely not be the deciding factor in a coalition . 
  since when has there been an obligation on the electorate to be non-contradictory ? 
  our position is that we are right about everything . 
  hence our interests are just interests rather than special interests . 
  put simply , i do n't think that the poll is an adequate reflection of the public will rather a reflection of discontent with the status quo . 
  people like the idea of it , yes , but when it is a hypothetical that is not being proposed and has no real scrutiny or substance that is different from actually nationalising it . 
  yes . 
  the problem with the british empire was always that we were too nice to the natives of the areas that we conquered and we did far too much to stop the colonists from murdering them and taking their land . 
  yeah , asking you to pay a tiny proportion of the amount that it cost to keep you in the house and keep you safe was such a horrible act of abuse . 
  we should just have kept letting you live their entirely protected at massive expense for free while we worked our arses off paying for the fleets that facilitated your financial rise . 
  ungrateful arseholes . 
  ( just in case people did n't realise , / s ), 
  i agree with your analysis but disagree with your conclusion . 
  the problem is that the core value of conservatism in the uk is that of classical liberalism rather than traditional conservatism ; the idea of a retrenched state , the promotion of private enterprise , the freedom of the individual and reduced taxes are all typical right wing things which britain cares about a great deal . 
  i would argue that the uk is an exceptionally socially liberal but economically right wing country . 
  but as a liberal tory i would say that ... 
  as an englishman when french people start getting attacked by other foreigners unless my national interests are directly and significantly threated my natural response is to either sit back with a tub of popcorn or ask if i can help . 
  i do n't require it to have logic or context . 
  you say that it is easy and simple , yet lots of places have horrible disgusting abominations that they call tea which is basically hell in a cup with half a kilogram of sugar in it . 
  that was what i was getting at there . 
  my basic heirarchy is just ; countries that do n't have tea < countries that seem incapable of making a good cup of tea < countries which have simple and effective tea making facilities avaliable < countries where tea is a national institution . 
  that was my basic tea valuation system i was using , not full regency era social etiquette . 
  scotland is more of a coffee place . 
  they are dragging us down . 
  i think most english people prefer to use that joke on the italians . 
  we only use it on the french when there french people are nearby because we know that it annoys them ... 
  more bastard offshoot we sent to military school before they moved out early on . 
  sorry , that puts you on the lower end of a developed country . 
  you are still ahead of america , but lose out to the irish and the convicts . 
  the more obvious example in theory would be libya , but i wanted to avoid using that as the consequences of that intervention remain highly debateable . 
  personally , yes i wholeheartedly support the mission in afghanistan if not british and american strategy and the helmand operation . 
  but there are plenty more options . 
  british troops are currently deployed overseas helping train kenyan troops to remove mines in their country , advise the south african army on defence management and how to do peacekeeping , civil engineering and medical provisions in kenya and helping to train the army in sierra leone . 
  they have been part of nato operations which have included disaster relief in pakistan in 2005-6 , counter piracy in somalia and installing missile shields in turkey to protect against syrian rocket fire . 
  that we drink tea , ca n't cook , that we irrationally hate the eu and that hark back to the days of empire first is right second is just wrong , and the latter is a matter of some question . 
  tea is magnificent and i judge a nations level of development and civilisation by the quality of its tea . 
  i like that perception as it means foreigners will be aware that they should give me tea when i visit them . 
  the second annoys me and i find it confusing considering how many food programs are on tv/how many great restaurants there are , but it causes me little actual distress . 
  i love the amount of diversity for british food , the downside being that we have a lot of cheap , crap food . 
  i understand other countries have much better cheap food , but when i get drunk and am stumbling home i do n't exactly want the best quality . 
  the third is the most problematic . 
  the majority of british people are eurosceptic , but i do n't think that means what people think it means . 
  basically , we do n't trust the eu . 
  we assume it to be an institution which is beholden to special interests , is increasingly expanding its power in a manner which is counter to our own interests and which we have little meaningful impact upon . 
  we are told the choice is between leaving the eu and no longer having access to the market or remaining in and feebly adopting the old lie that if we keep electing pro-eu politicians and giving them massive amounts of money they might eventually reform in a way that we like . 
  the result is a public annoyed but largely disenfranchised for whom a populist break from the status quo is nice .
