  the horrors and evils that their state has done truly are the closest thing humanity has to pure evil . 
  i believe it was noted writer joseph conrad who summed it up best when he said ` what they 've done in the congo is pretty awful , but the sprouts are unforgivable ' . 
  if you do n't ask , you do n't get . 
  when in doubt , you should always [ just revert to type ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/perfidious_albion ), 
  we are until we leave . 
  for the last decade the biggest and most divisive issue in british domestic politics was a competency of the eu , who refused to do anything about it and categorically rejected any discussion of it in the negotiations . 
  you 'd have thought someone in the eu would be worried about that ... 
  germany blocks free trade in services to maintain professional standards and to prevent dilution of its privacy laws . 
  france resists free movement of capital if it results in french firms being taken over . 
  in reality there are countless exceptions to the single market that are bespoke for each nation . 
  i find it strange that this compromise is the one the eu draws the line at . 
  are they ? 
  i remember hearing nice words from sarkozy about a potential new treaty intended to deal with peoples eu concerns that he wanted to be offered to us to let us stay . 
  so , god forbid we do a mutually beneficial deal and start doing well , the eu should do everything in its power to hamstring our economic success so that its numbers are better ? 
  may is n't an idiot . 
  if she refuses a vote , she will use exceptionally careful language to justify it , most likely along the lines of waiting until the deal is done with the eu before allowing a second scottish referendum to minimise on the damage . 
  in england the expectation was that the establishment uniting around a campaign based on the economy would win because that is traditionally the determining factor in driving results . 
  the leave campaign very cleverly subverted that with both the # 350m figure being promised to everyone under the sun and an exceptionally effective attack on the credibility of the economic profession . 
  that is why westminster agreed to the last one . 
  he fits the clarkson mode of an entertaining arsehole . 
  he was given 649 constituencies he could run in , got to cherrypick the very best with the weakest opponent where ukip were strongest and he still lost . 
  regarding disdain for europe , i would question how much of it is britain and how much england . 
  historically and culturally , europe has been perceived as that place where threats come from , that cost a lot of money and lives to prevent from threatening england and making us all slaves , while for scotland and other celtic regions it was a counterbalance to an imperialist england . 
  ( as far as i am aware , i am not a lawyer ) businesses are n't allowed to discriminate against people based on nationality , they could be sued if they did . 
  i do n't think it would easily swing the other way without something significant changing , because if the political establishment requested a second referendum a lot of people , including a number of remainers , will be very annoyed at what is a transparent rejection of the public will by people who previously claimed they would abide by the result . 
  i think any attempt would have an immediate and significant backlash , and the second referendum would likely see a drop in turnout and an even worse tone . 
  i think the only thing that can keep the uk in the union is something actual concrete on freedom of movement . 
  that is something big enough that people will see it as a tangible thing that has changed that would justify a second referendum while giving the remain campaign some thing tangible to say on the subject . 
  the eighth dwarf came out recently advocating a new eu wide treaty that he said should be offered to the uk in a second referendum . 
  without any concessions on free movement its kind of pointless , but indicates he is n't taking britain leaving as a given . 
  if sarkozy has his way , its still 28 . 
  its possible he was there , but the press did n't cover it because they could n't see him behind the podium . 
  what people like to forget was that appeasement was the single most popular policy the british government have ever adopted . 
  it was demanded by voters , interest groups , everyone , and it was the basis on which chamberlain 's government were elected . 
  he had no mandate to fight a european war unless there actually was no choice , and everyone agreed with that . 
  plus , chamberlain had been chancellor . 
  he knew how much trouble the british economy was in during the thirties , and knew a war would bankrupt us . 
  he rearmed as much as he could, 
  often entirely missing the point . 
  for most people the argument is only relevant if you know or have confidence in the people arguing it , and leave did an exceptionally effective job explaining why you should n't trust or believe them . 
  its just a way of the remain campaign and its supporters avoiding taking responsiblity for their own strategic failure , getting to blame the stupid public for their stupidity rather than accepting that the leave campaign were exceptionally effective at undermining the credibility of the economic argument and the experts which they failed to restore . 
  do n't worry , its not like we are a nation of delusional imperialists who feel the incessent need to conquer other people for funsies . 
  i 'd be more confident if he had taken them hostage and ransomed them . 
  more in keeping with our nation 's historical traditions . 
  if we gave them more money they 'd probably just spend it on terrorism , flags , alcoholism and plotting the reconquest of the south . 
  i know literally nothing about northern ireland that is n't a racist stereotype . 
  i 'm aware that i 'm a horrible person . 
  i genuinely do n't know what point you think you are making that you think i disagree with . 
  if the problem is 16 year olds who should vote being charged national insurance , fine , up national insurance to 18 . 
  if the answer is to lower the voting age for everything down to 16 , fine . 
  i do n't see how the answer is ` sometimes 16 , other times 18 ', 
  a baby who appears in a movie who is paid for doing so gets taxed on the income . 
  an orphan whose inheritance exceeds the threshold gets taxed . 
  everyone including children pay vat . 
  taxation is irrelevant . 
  i think it should stop at deciding that everyone should have an equal vote , and the voting age should be 18 , but that 's just me . 
  i 'm open to the argument for dropping the voting age down , but it should be a universal rather than piecemeal change . 
  i know . 
  hence why i am saying that we should have one point where we consider people capable of voting for everything . 
  and i 'm saying that the short timeframe can still make a massive difference to young people 's lives , so the voting criteria should be universal . 
  for a 15 year old the next four years includes schools policies that can determine their education , university places and subjects . 
  it includes them trying to find their first jobs , potentially being drafted to fight in a war , governments significant economic decisions which directly affect them , and infrastructure projects which can fundamentally alter the fabric of their society . 
  it might superficially be short term , but the government you have still determines massive amounts of the interaction between individual and state , particularly at such a pivotal role in someone 's life that will massive impact in the long term . 
  my constituency is getting an important road almost entirely because of who we voted for . 
  politics matters, 
  the problem with saying young people should get to vote because it is a decision that heavily affects them is that is n't an argument for this specific vote , but for changing it for all elections as all of them affect young people significantly . 
  at the same time , the arguments for why a politically engaged and intelligent 15 year old should be allowed to vote are almost exactly the same as for a 16 year old . 
  the argument against it is over when someone is judged to be considered capable of voting . 
  rather than piecemeal decisions usually made for short term partisan reasons , we should have a single voting age or criteria that applies for all elections equally . 
  because getting unanimous consent to military action is highly unlikely . 
  doubling potential power is pointless if , in real life , it can not be mobilised effectively . 
  furthermore , the idea that france and other wealthier countries would give up their production to see it move elsewhere in the eu is laughable . 
  hello stephen , i spent four wonderful years in your constituency and really loved my time there , and i wish you every success in representing them . 
  correspondingly , as a loyal supporter of the union , i would greatly appreciate it if you could dance on the ph outside the st andrews quad . 
  i always like it infiintely more informative when politicians positively analyse their opponents than when they do so critically . 
  as such , which member of each opposing political party do you find most effective at positively challenging your conception of politics , and are there any areas where you think other parties do a more effective job than the snp where you could learn from their approaches ? 
  should be fun at least , the last few weeks of political drama and intrigue have been better than the wire, 
  we do n't actually have to do anything , we remain entirely in control of our own destiny and one of the consequences about leaving the eu is that we do n't have to worry about your interests when making decisions , only our own . 
  i , for one , would stay in and wait until the eu was as weak as possible and we as strong as possible . 
  choosing the battlefield conditions properly is a vitally important part of trying to get victory . 
  because this was a once in a lifetime opportunity to leave/engage in a meaningful protest vote . 
  if your choice was between a no plan option for getting to mars or a categorical end to the space programme with no debate on the subject for forty one years , the no plan bit becomes less important . 
  because they were a political campaign formed by an ad hoc group of politicians a short period before the vote with the majority of cabinet ministers prevented from declaring until after the renegotiations , and actually preparing a proper plan for leaving involves utilising something similar to the civil service with high quality legal and political expertise , experience and judgment . 
  if the government had been grown up and serious and given the leave campaign access to the civil service in advance to prepare a plan , then they could have had one , but the government banned them even doing basic contingency planning . 
  cicero 's still getting away with a bunch and he 's been dead over two millennia . 
  when our planet is destroyed by our sun , and all trace of our civilisation destroyed , only then will we be able to trust them . 
  to sell off some of the nazi gold ? 
  that seems like an entirely sensible request , absolutely everything that we want with none of the consequences or negative parts for us . 
  seems obviously a good thing now . 
  why would n't europe unconditionally surrender on every demand we make ? 
  why do they insist on doing britain down ... 
  no they did n't . 
  they had cosmetic benefits changed that did nothing to what people actually wanted . 
  yes , but the eu technically has no ability to force us to do anything until we hand it in . 
  the referendum was officially only advisory , our parliament have not voted to do anything , our prime minister has resigned and the new one 's mandate will be murky at best until they get a fresh mandate , which boris ( the front runner to be pm ) has already mentioned . 
  at this stage , it 's all a bit weird . 
  worth pointing out that the remain camp were also suggesting if we stay in we could get reforms to freedom of movement . 
  leave did n't have a monopoly on misleading the public to get votes , they just did it better . 
  i was talking about most people , who do n't actually buy papers on a regular basis not the people who actually buy them . 
  and yes , i speak to them on a regular basis , they make up most of the population .
