  if they have anything worthwhile to say , they 'll learn english and say it . 
  till then , we should continue as we are . 
  that is exceptionally presumptions of you . 
  of course you wo n't be allowed to choose . 
  remember , good colonies are seen , not heard . 
  they are basically a bad tribute act . 
  i would prefer to name them after british prime ministers . 
  germany can be churchillshire . 
  france wellingtonshire . 
  spain thatchershire . 
  greece attleeshire . 
  etc. . . 
  he does n't quite sound as grateful as you would expect , does he ? 
  that is a very interesting position , east belgium , and i entirely respect your position . 
  on an entirely separate note , this seems like a good time to inform you that we have decided to significantly cut dike construction and maintenance . 
  it would be truly horrible if something were to happen to them ... 
  the great thing about having your parliament in a gothic victorian palace is that we can find some really nice offices for the special mp 's we particularly dislike . 
  insult the queen again , and your office will be described by estate agents as ` sewer adjacent ', 
  how can a man serve two kings ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  all other monarchs will swear fealty to the queen or be ` dispatched ' . 
  the house of commons will now govern europe . 
  each european country will be given a single mp , provided you remain loyal . 
  the inheritance of aquitaine must be upheld !, 
  i look forwards to the day that we can have a single europe where all are equal and united with no artificial differences between nations , countries , peoples , ethnic groups , and all are truly respected . 
  under british rule . 
  i am pretty awesome . 
  bear with me , i have a solution that works out brilliantly for both of us . 
  if you are going to be discriminated against you might as well get your money 's worth , how about we work out a deal ? 
  you get the terrorists to blow up the gypsy camps , then we arrest the travellers for being terrorists . 
  you then get the new england terrorist sympathisers to fund you in your war against oppression , and we share the profits 50-50 . 
  everybody wins !, 
  i do n't contest that britain and france can take part in operations under the guise of the eu to achieve their interests , but not if it comes at a cost to them achieving their interests . 
  the battlegroup enables the former , a single european army is impossible due to the latter . 
  a european army without britain and france would be exceptionally difficult to get off the ground and would not be taken seriously , defeating the main point of such a force . 
  neither britain nor france is going to join a european army when they have outstanding military commitments outside of the eu because that is counter to their interests and the relative benefit of a european army to them is limited . 
  the result is simple . 
  to have a european army the rest of europe must , in effect , unilaterally agree to support britain and france 's current commitments . 
  i do n't see spain agreeing to that , ergo the idea can not work . 
  yay !, 
  the french might get taken over by nazis !, 
  that means we might be able to fight another war against them !, 
  200 years is too long . 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again . 
  they are the same country pretending to be three separate ones in order to get more votes at eurovision , the eu and the un , as well as three separate national sports teams . 
  prove me wrong if you dare . 
  alternatively , we have the donald , and when the world turns to smouldering ash , we at least had a few months of freedom before the end . 
  i find it really strange that irish people come to england to have abortions and this is n't a major issue . 
  from a sanctity of life perspective , you have basically outsourced your child murder to your old colonial oppressor who kills them for free . 
  i 'd have thought some irish people would get annoyed about that . 
  it is convienient for everyone . 
  other arab states get a drum to beat whenever the economy goes tits up , western students get a big evil to hate and protest about , showing how moral they are , right wingers get someone controversial to defend , politicians get to make speeches , diplomats get guaranteed jobs for decades , academics get a juicy topic to write about . 
  why would anyone sincerely try to solve the problem , when everyone benefits from it ? 
  i distrust this list . 
  we 're only happy when we are destroying the french , and we 've now gone two hundred years without one . 
  if you think we have n't got a ton of explosives somewhere on our side of the tunnel waiting to blow on the day the french army marches through to try and conquer us , you know nothing of anglo-frog relations . 
  i 'm pretty sure the soul of baroness thatcher will return in the form of a revenant , summon up a zombie horde of warriors from the 100 years war , conquer brussels , and turn the european union into our new european empire that we can rule with an iron fist , with her as our eternal champion . 
  obviously , as a small minded euro-zealot you are going to oppose this entirely legitimate conception of the post-brexit environment . 
  alternatively you could incentivise them . 
  offer them gold or something to do so . 
  you are asking them to spend time on your behalf ... 
  i literally have no opinions , and do n't care about it at all . 
  what the eu and a lot of people here have not quite realised yet is that the pro-remain argument at the moment is n't a pro-eu argument . 
  it is the reactionary anti-change argument against instability and risk known as ` project fear ' in which the eu is portrayed as an abusive , anti-british organisation which would take proactive efforts to harm the british economy to deter others from leaving while purposefully taking as long as possible to sign a trade deal while refusing the possibility of cooperating with britain doing basic and simple things that would still be in our mutual self interest , like fighting terrorism or the migrant crisis . 
  of course euroscepticism is going to rise as a result of this . 
  if the result is anything like the scottish referendum , the effect on british-eu relations in the long run is going to be hurt quite a lot and eurosceptic parties will continue to thrive . 
  not much , as you might have heard . 
  a bunch of drunk students left a giant model triceratops in the middle of a high street on the isle of wight . 
  other than that , nothing significant . 
  he spent ten years promising people vegas , then gave them blackpool . 
  no wonder they are a bit pissed off . 
  i strongly dislike the trident one , because it was n't the episode they wanted to make . 
  they wanted , in true yes minister fashion , to show the cnd position as ludicrous as well , but paul eddington ( the actor who played hacker ) refused to do so because he was a massive cnd supporter , forcing them to rewrite it . 
  we can fight over whom to blame , or we can just get to the burny-burn and solve all our mutual issues . 
  only if you promise to burn brendan o'carroll alive and destroy every copy of mrs brown 's boys in existence . 
  its not their fault they would seek to emulate our politics . 
  due to the greatness of our politicians and the wisdom of our electorate , we are the greatest example of modern politics in action . 
  i am trusting people to be able to detect sarcasm . 
  if you ca n't , learn or start fighting a succession of increasingly large bears . 
  good ... good ... time to strike and re-establish the dominance of the crown . 
  we almost certainly wo n't . 
  in a story you are almost certainly unaware of , a leading eurosceptic this weekend came out for remain . 
  a large number of people you might assume are ` leaves ' are likely to come back into the fold when confronted with the economic and social reality of the debate rather than positing it in the language of sovereignty and self determination . 
  considering all major parties of the establishment , who themselves control massive amounts of patronage , political capital , organisational capacity and basic manpower are for remain , organisations for the business community are mostly in favour of remain , unions , most charities , and everyone else , it would be one of the greatest political upsets of all time if we were to vote to leave . 
  this is n't the establishment 's first rodeo . 
  they know how to win referendums . 
  ukip could n't even win a seat and lost half those they held , despite farage getting to cherry pick the ideal place to stand . 
  outside of a miracle , leave do n't stand a hope in hell . 
  even after 200 years of ceasefire when i hear about a french diplomatic initiative my first reaction is to try and sabotage it . 
  i would suggest finding an objective summary of what was actually being voted on before taking what is said here as the truth . 
  there is a long history from the pro-eu press in the uk of assuming everything suggested is actually intelligent and workable without actual , effective criticisms which can and should be made of the process , and realistic worries about expanding the role and scope of the eu . 
  when they do it , it is responsible business management . 
  do n't need to know the history of it . 
  ` the event happened . 
  it was a sad and horrible part of our national history , and our relationship with ireland , for which we are ashamed of our ancestors . ', 
  just insert the name of whichever event it was for ` the event ' and you are sorted . 
  so much easier and more convienient . 
  oh , you are american . 
  i assumed you meant europe was giving israel billions . 
  that said , i see you removed your figure .
