  i wonder why ... 
  source ? 
  the shire from lord of the rings or sherwood forest from robin hood . 
  what happens when some countries in eastern europe want to take a more forceful anti-russia stance , but germany/italy do not . 
  the actual armaments are only part of what the military complex is used for . 
  other things include making modifications to respond to specific threats , repairing damaged vehicles , restocking ammunition , and maintaining the institutional knowledge to do all of the above . 
  in the event of a european army which would sell those services in the event of a war , i would simultaneously want it to be unconditional for britain ( so we ca n't be screwed over when defending the falklands or gibraltar ) while having the ability to stop it when it comes to , say , french activities in africa if i was strongly , principally opposed to such a conflict . 
  i am aware of the hypocrisy in that situation , and as such , i see it as unworkable . 
  not really , as each state would still have to maintain a basic level of a defence industrial base in case they ended up fighting outside of the european army . 
  unless , during a war , the eu was unconditionally committed to organising the repairing , modification and maintenance of a european force fighting in whichever conflict they were involved in . 
  we might , if there were basic workable answers to the simplest and most obvious questions that any british person would reasonably ask about the workings of such an army . 
  we want the falklands to be safe , the transatlantic alliance to be maintained , british civilians to be kept safe , and for overseas territories to have the right to self determination . 
  none of those are mutually exclusive with the values and principles of the eu . 
  that seems expensive and counterproductive . 
  why would countries who want to intervene more not just remain separate ? 
  so , we 'd have twice the military administration and command structures as before ? 
  does n't that contradict the whole , efficiency , thing ? 
  ` representing the interests of the entire eu ' is the problem with that sentence . 
  it could be so widely interpreted as to be impossible to implement , and is exceptionally open to mission creep . 
  what happens when an pro-interventionist country interprets the interests one way and an anti-interventionist country another ? 
  who decides what the interests are , and are they democratically elected , and if so , by whom ? 
  france and britain have commitments outside of europe . 
  either the common army is obliged to meet those commitments unconditionally , or they wo n't go for it . 
  how do you possibly deal with that problem in any meaningful way ? 
  sounds reasonable . 
  if they did n't want to stir tensions and create a justification for war , they would n't have launched a pre-emptive attack with mrs browns boys . 
  sure . 
  as long as you do chips , and are willing to let us bastardise your entire cooking culture to cater to our whims , that sounds fine . 
  now , have you ever considered invading portugal ? 
  i 'm 90 % sure it will solve all your problems while expanding our new empire . 
  oh , come on , we are so much better as evil overlords than they are . 
  we have tea , and cricket , and benign neglect . 
  they have efficiency and will actually make you work . 
  glad we can help . 
  we 'll just load up all of your cultural artifacts , natural resources , and good sports people as payment , and we 'll get this show on the road . 
  sigh . 
  fine . 
  as democracy is so taxing for you , we 'll take over your government and appoint an imperial government that is suitable and effective . 
  the lib dems are n't doing much these days , we 'll send you over a couple of them lead by george , give him a test run before taking over somewhere that matters . 
  i really thought we were over this stage of history , but it will be fun to relive the glory days . 
  surely if you are dividing up the same pot of money amongst a much larger number of people , unless the simplification benefits are massive , then all of the most vulnerable are inevitably going to be worse off ? 
  plus , if you have top up payments that means you do n't get the simplification benefits ? 
  i really do n't get how this is not a terrible idea that will take lots of money away from the people who most need money . 
  campaigning for ` change and reform ' is only a rational and intelligent form of politicial activity if it has the possibility of success and a proven track record of being successful . 
  what evidence is there for anyone in britain that we can actually achieve change ? 
  we did n't get it when we elected lib dem and labour pro-europeans , or a pro-eu pm in blair willing to hand over swathes of our rebate , what evidence is there that pushing for reform now will achieve anything other than wasting our time ? 
  we only resort to an opt-out almost immediately when there is no prospect for success , when the eu decides to do something we have already explained that we have no interest in , and they have agreed . 
  of course we should use them in those circumstances . 
  as to the latter point , meh . 
  you are using the fact that you successfully compromise by giving certain countries opt outs to argue that britain should n't use its opt out ? 
  that is a quite impressive bit of reasoning . 
  if the framework for the agreement is so awful that we are option out before negotiations even get started properly there is no actual chance that it is going to happen , and that would just be wasting everyone 's time . 
  we 've tried negotiating . 
  it largely involves us forgoing our national interest in exchange for promises which are never furfilled , us being entirely ignored , or everyone agreeing that the way forwards is a larger , more powerful , and more interventionist eu ( which is kind of the exact opposite of what we want ) . 
  or the year after if necessary, 
  we 've been saying the eu should improve for 15 years now . 
  we 've handed over rebates , asked really nicely , sent lots of delegates , all that resulted was the lisbon treaty , which most british people were n't happy with . 
  so we tried being mean , opposing things more , threatening to leave , hold a referendum , all that stuff . 
  if neither of them work , and all we are left with is a narrow elite doing the same thing irrespective of whatever the public want , then it becomes difficult for british people to see how the organisation is going to improve in a way they do n't judge entirely counter to their interests . 
  so , basically you want us to shut up and do exactly what you want , no questions asked ? 
  when we want special rules , that 's us saying ` we do n't want this , and will block it for everyone ' and the eu responding ` how about we do it , and you get an opt out ' . 
  get rid of our special status and we are more likely to stop everything . 
  the french went to concerted efforts to colonise parts of africa and turn them froggish . 
  i suggest we * encourage * them to take advantage of that opportunity . 
  if we can train some african insurgent groups whose land is likely to be taken in the noble and glorious art of the longbow , well , we 're all winners , are n't we ? 
  the inheritance of aquitane must be upheld !, 
  i would n't . 
  i 'd set up a party supporting the return of ancestral british lands to their true home , as well as restoring the british monarchy to their rightful place of dominion over the french and vote for them instead . 
  considering our foreign policy for our entire existance has been to create a disunited europe and annoy the french , i think it is all working out pretty well . 
  we have 180 nukes we can use , and while we nominally have to inform nato , there is little america could actually do to stop us if we resolved to use them and were willing to face the consequences . 
  worst case scenario , we could destroy around 80 american cities if we had to . 
  obviously this would never happen , but it 's pretty much the only thing ( along with the french 's nukes ) europe has to have some check on american action . 
  do n't be harsh on the swede , it 's not like the french revolution was a big or significant event or anything . 
  its not like it was the glorious revolution or anything like that . 
  not everyone in europe has the time to learn about petty french mistakes that deprived them of their rightful god given rulers . 
  i enjoy his writing tremendously , but that would be an accurate description of the majority of ferguson 's non-proper-history writing . 
  he 's basically a right wing hobsbawm . 
  when he is trying to be a good historian , ( house of rothschild ) he is unquestionably one of the best historians going . 
  the vast majority of what he writes is popular history designed to make a point rather than actually be good history . 
  i like learning about new places . 
  it means more areas we can conquer in the next wave . 
  plus after the ` stans , catalonia will be easy . 
  imagine you are talking to sir francis drake , he would see that as a positive . 
  why is this bad for sir francis drake ? 
  for reasons that are not entirely clear to me , i have a reactionary support for the idea of catalonian independence ( i 'm 90 % certain its just an instinctive wish for our old 16th century rivals to be weakened ) anyway , why is it a bad thing ? 
  i 'm entirely in favour of turkey joining the eu . 
  in fact , i think they should have our slot ... 
  we are pretty awesome . 
  we 're like the christiano ronaldo of countries if messi did n't exist . 
  well , i 'm sorry for having standards ... 
  the joke being made was that because you are a ` fin ' from ` fin-land ' , and ` finn ' is an irish sort of name , you are all irish people and not scandanavians . 
  nonetheless , if i can call indians , chinese people , and people from tajikistan ` asians ' , you are all just vikings to me . 
  i 'm confused irish bloke , they are the same thing , are n't they ? 
  i just call them all vikings . 
  i see we passed on the golden rule of british comedy to the americans : it 's not racist as long as it is directed towards the french . 
  it is highly probable that you are treating my comment with a much higher level of consideration than it deserves or was intended for . 
  just think of all the cv bait we got out of it to build up for our future empire building . 
  land stealing , check , mass murder , check , experience of crossing seas , check . 
  pretty much everything you need . 
  they were plotting against us all of the time .
