well , here in germany we offer benefits and tax breaks high enough to encourage at least one of the parents to stay at home . 
  and for double income families there is daycare , summercamps , summer activities at school ( at least in my city ) , etc. 
  voted for the left party ( as per usual ) . 
  the school where the vote was held was completly deserted . 
  while they were looking through the book to confirm that i was indeed in the voting district i had a brief glance as they skimmed through the pages : only 2-3 people per page ( i would assume that there were at least 30 people on each page ) showed up . 
  pretty sad sight . 
  as i have a lot of first time voters among my peers i tried to get them to vote the entire week . 
  from what i gathered noone really went . 
  its a sad sight to be fair . 
  especially in a city like ours , were going to your voting booth is literally a thing of 5 minutes max . 
  no , i do n't . 
  i used a hyperbole ( ? ), 
  to try to bring my point across . 
  well , i guess noone would have minded if your joke was any good at all . 
  that is really the problem here . 
  i mean if you want a germany/world war joke at least have the common curtosy and do a clever one . 
  aside from that , in contrary to your countrys culture , both world wars are viewed a bit differently around here in europe . 
  because we are well aware of the suffering and destruction our ancestors had to endure . 
  hell , most of them told us first hand . 
  the world wars are n't just a matter of waving a flag on veteran day and celebrating how we `` safed '' the world for us and shouting ` merica . 
  and thats not just a matter of me being german , i guess you could say that sentiment is universally the same in europe . 
  may you be german , french , brit , greek , czech , polish or probably even russian . 
  they are aufstocker . 
  if you fall under a certain ammount of income ( less then our welfare , hartz 4 would give you ) you recieve welfare by the state plus some ( i think its like 150 $ per person ) . 
  or the other way around , you are already on welfare and then take a small job , you are allowed to keep a little bit of it and the rest goes to back to the state . 
  so its probably just the case of an employer gaming the system here . 
  the employee doesnt really lose anything , while the state does . 
  that being said , there are also so-called 1-euro jobs which the goverment can pretty much force upon you if you take welfare anyway . 
  but i dont know the certain criterias an employee must meet in order to get those workers . 
  thats pretty much the prime problem . 
  under merkel the cdu lost a lot of its conservative roots and moved more and more into the center while the spd took a big hit with almost their entire left wing leaving to join the linke . 
  add to that the , in my opinion , big mistake of the spd going into a big coalition with the cdu pretty much as a junior partner under a strong merkel leadership twice , you now got the two historically big parties in germany being almost indistinguishable from one another . 
  the gr\u00fcne pay too much attention on their eco-political agenda in election cycles that hardly anyone actually knows the rest of their agenda come election day , except the few that actually bother to read through their entire agenda . 
  the linke are deemed as `` unvoteable '' by the boulevard and the established parties and that fearmongering helps to keep them small and the fdp is just a big internal fuckup . 
  so there are no parties left that gain traction on the left side of things . 
  and with merkel moving more and more centric ( in my opinion as a powerplay ) the cdu pretty much abolished their traditional post ww2 mantra of not allowing any party to the right of them , which sadly allowed for extreme right parties to the right like the afd to gain a foothold in the political landscape . 
  luckily they are currently dismantling themselfes , but i fear its not the last we heard from them or similar parties as long as merkel stays the head of the cdu . 
  die linke arent communists , they are very left social-democrats bordering socialists . 
  theres a big difference . 
  die linke is a union of the left wing parties in germany , hence the name , and its pretty diverse . 
  it contains the some members that are pretty much communist on one extreme end , but on the other is a big block is the former left wing of the spd which left the spd due to them becomming more and more centrist . 
  its been over 25 years that we are unified . 
  hardly anyone that is in der linken now has been an active part of the sed or played a major role in it . 
  the fearmongering from the centrist parties , particulary the cdu/csu seems to work pretty well . 
  personally i think the whole `` the left is unvoteable '' is pretty hypocritical considering the other big parties , especially the cdu , welcomed nsdap members with open arms into their party after ww2 themselfes . 
  noone deems or deemed them unvoteable for that . 
  with all that bullshit we are denying us the opportunity to have a proper and strong opposition , which is highly needed in the current german political landscape . 
  spiegel is not the average joes publication and pretty much on the left ( i mean even their fucking slogan is `` in doubt rather left '' ) . 
  just take a look at the bild instead . 
  while not necesserily the paper of all people they do have a knack for running the stories that are most talked about by the average joe on their frontpage . 
  currently , the greece situation and the strike of the train conductors are apparently more important . 
  and while the `` article '' they run on the issue seems actually rather decent for bild standards it is missing the sensation-grabbing headline and style of writing bild is known for when something major is about to happen  / / edit : 3 hours later and its frontpage material with a semi sensationalist title . 
  we might have a scandal boys !, 
  the only way of getting rid of her would be a full blown scandal . 
  she is a very talented politician , as in how to deal with possible opposition . 
  people that could have become dangerous within her own party got systematically demontated ( guttenberg , wulf , von der leyen ) and with moving the cdu to a centrist position that is very indistinguishable from the spd politics we dont actually have a proper opposition anymore . 
  the only one that could emerge in the left party is constantly deemed `` unvoteable '' and being linked to the sed so much by members of the established parties that its just an unwinable battle for them . 
  that plus merkel makes a point of never actually committing to anything and not implementing important , but unpopular , politics . 
  she rides with the popular tide and thus is never in danger of facing harsh opposition . 
  which is a shame considering this country was lead for a long time by politicians who stood for their ideas and werent afraid of making hard decissions for the betterment of our people . 
  i honestly have no hope of getting rid of her until she resigns one day . 
  in my mind shes chancellor for life until she either doesnt want to anymore or is directly involved in a full blown scandal . 
  but even then , we lack the proper opposition to actually press in such a hypothetical situation, 
  that borderblob would give me eyecancer though . 
  so i would pick the swiss instead . 
  nothing wrong with a bit of schoki , bankgeheimniss and gem\u00fctlichkeit, 
  my cynical view of history comes from the fact that i do treat people as people . 
  and people are by definition flawed , greedy and self-interested . 
  and to be an effective leader , or how we call them `` great people '' , you need to be the most ruthless of them all . 
  this is just how the world has always turned . 
  since you quoted from churchills every man to his post , let me give you this quote from the exact same speech  until the old world -- and the new -- can join hands to rebuild the temples of man 's freedom and man 's honour , upon foundations which will not soon or easily be overthrown . 
  that does sound very noble until you take the propaganda pieces about high minded ideas - that btw both hitler and stalin had in their own twisted minds aswell - out of the whole spiel . 
  what is left is churchill basicly saying the old world , being france and britain , aswell as the usa as the new world dividing the world up as they please under the pretext of `` democracy '' and `` freedom '' . 
  we still see nowadays how these oh so high minded and noble ideas have worked out . 
  not so well , have they ? 
  when you are forcible spreading `` freedom '' i 'd argue its not much `` freedom '' left . 
  and something i also dont buy is the notion that the allies didnt know what was going on in the kz 's . 
  we 're talking about one of the most famed intelligence services of all time and you are telling me they are somehow missing the fact that somehow 8 million people completly dissappeared from the face of the earth ? 
  the red cross even visited theresienstadt and send care packets to ausschwitz for 2 years , so its not like their existence has been some major plothole everyone has been missing like it is made us believe nowadays . 
  it 's just that the victims just didnt matter enough . 
  we 're talking about a timeframe when widespread progroms have been going on for centuries . 
  and - statistically speaking - the holocaust was n't even the worst one considering death tolls . 
  it just was because of how industrialized and planned the killings were . 
  an absolute shitstain on the history of mankind . 
  but people didnt care before and they frankly didnt care when there was much more important things at stake . 
  you cant messure suffering and just point put your fingers in the ears basicly saying `` well we might have been evil , but we have not been that evil '' . 
  not when you have the dresden bombings . 
  not when you have the atomic bombs . 
  not when you have the entire allies turning a blind eye to the massacre of the sudetendeutsche after czechoslovakia got liberated . 
  not when you have the allies actively turning away jewish refugees in their time of need . 
  not when you have the usa declare every captured german soldier not as prisoner of war , but as disarmed combatant to circumvent the geneva convention . 
  the reason why the polish exile goverment was hosted in london was because they were a valueable ally , not because of any high minded ideas . 
  dont be so naive to believe that . 
  remember , if you take the rulings of the n\u00fcrnberg processes and were applying it to the allies aswell , both churchill aswell as roosevelt would have had to face the death penalty for crimes against humanity . 
  it 's just that history is and always will be written by the winner . 
  but just to make this clear . 
  i 'm not trying to gloss over the atrocities the nazis have commited or invalidate the holocaust as just `` one of these things that happen '' . 
  they were atrocities of the highest magnitude . 
  i 'm glad the regime fell . 
  but what i 'm also telling you , had the allies lost the war , you 'd be hard pressed finding anything good in roosevelt and churchills doing considering the narrative would have been spun by the nazis then .
