  thats just the bitter reality of it . 
  because if it comes down to it , both of them are seen as these great people because they won the war and defeated facism . 
  had facism won we would see probably the truer face of churchill as the racisted , bigoted , drunken , flawed but incredibly skilled statesman and strategist that he really was . 
  when you want to learn the truth about history you have to take three sides into consideration . 
  the side of the winner , the side of the loser and the truth which probably lies somewhere right in the middle . 
  churchill was n't so much a good guy , he was just on the winning end of history . 
  the thing about great men in history is that most of them were actually quite bad . 
  even by standards of their own time . 
  we just like to ignore that part . 
  a good example would be alexander the great : we are still calling him `` the great '' and try to spin his story into the positive . 
  that his conquests had a greater goal but megalomania and greed . 
  i mean , just look up how churchill treated and viewed the indians . 
  but since we are talking about hitler and stalin lets just quote the man himself on his views about the jews :  in violent opposition to all this sphere of jewish effort rise the schemes of the international jews . 
  the adherents of this sinister confederacy are mostly men reared up among the unhappy populations of countries where jews are persecuted on account of their race . 
  most , if not all , of them have forsaken the faith of their forefathers , and divorced from their minds all spiritual hopes of the next world . 
  this movement among the jews is not new . 
  from the days of spartacus-weishaupt to those of karl marx , and down to trotsky ( russia ) , bela kun ( hungary ) , rosa luxembourg ( germany ) , and emma goldman ( united states ) , this world-wide conspiracy for the overthrow of civilisation and for the reconstitution of society on the basis of arrested development , of envious malevolence , and impossible equality , has been steadily growing . 
  it played , as a modern writer , mrs. webster , has so ably shown , a definitely recognisable part in the tragedy of the french revolution . 
  it has been the mainspring of every subversive movement during the nineteenth century ; and now at last this band of extraordinary personalities from the underworld of the great cities of europe and america have gripped the russian people by the hair of their heads and have become practically the undisputed masters of that enormous empire . 
  to believe the uk or the us fought in ww2 for some greater good rather then their own colonial and emperialistic ambitions is nothing but revisionist history written by the winner . 
  all sides were ruthless , and truth to be told . 
  noone really gave a fuck what happened to some measely jews or some east europeans slavs under nazi oppression . 
  in fact , even the balfour declaration was written due to the fear of the british cabinet that the `` zionist conspiracy that is running the world and just toppled the tzar '' would make a secret pact with the germans and the ottomans in ww1 and would pull their war efforts in favour of the germans . 
  churchill was a high ranking member of that cabinet . 
  tldr : history is all fucked up . 
  great man are almost always bad man . 
  the winning side just gets to pick how they want to be percieved for the next 200 or so odd years . 
  context is everything . 
  i would argue that if marx could see of the offspring of his theorems put into place under stalin or mao rule he would be spinning so fast in his grave that we could solve the worlds energy problems by simply attaching a dynamo . 
  marx wrote his stuff during a time where the working class got completly fucked over : the early industrialization . 
  have you ever seen the living conditions the working class had to put up with during that time ? 
  some modern sweatshops in third world countries that we nowadays deem rightfully inhumane would be possibly considered a good vacation destination for the average worker at that time . 
  that was marx ' fight , not trying to empower totalitarian regimes . 
  there is no balanced view to be had on the subject of eugenics in my opinion . 
  once you are willing to open the pandoras box that is eugenics you are giving legitimacy and a platform to racists and race supremacists . 
  and i just rather not . 
  as always for you non germans :  entire clans have a long tradition of incest and respectiveably as many retardations . 
  it is known , that the number of the inbred disabilities is way above the average for turkish and kurdish migrants . 
  you could get the idea , that hereditary factors are to blame for the failings of a part of the turkish population within the german education sytem there you have it , thilo sarrazin 's science . 
  cant be refuted by scientists . 
  they hate him !, 
  its been like that after the whole mod drama . 
  the mods used to have a good hold on this sub . 
  now we have to deal with people that , as much as they hate to admit it , are on the same xenophobic bullshit pill trump swallowed . 
  seriously , just read through this sub . 
  you 'll find a shockingly sizeable ammount of people that will openly declare their distaste for trump but in a heartbeat will shell out oneliners like `` all the muslims comming here are rapists/islamists '' , `` europe is commiting culture suicide '' and other bullshit that could come straight from trumps racial playbook . 
  hell , i 've seen people linking the drivel of sarrazin here even . 
  like you could literally write the beginning of the article of what nowadays seem to be the majority of users on this sub . 
  just change a few lines here and there  `` tobias is 25 , he says , born in germany , he 's lived in a east german suburb his entire life . 
  tobias then tells his story , describing an unexceptional childhood - he was a `` normal kid '' growing up in the suburbs , who liked playing football , doing well in school `` everything was good for me at that time , '' he says . 
   `` i did n't know much about my culture or religion . 
  it was i never was in touch with it . 
  but my father said , you are a german , you have a german name . 
  you have to know your history , your background and your religion . '', 
   so his father gave him books and tobias remembered finishing them with a sense of relief . 
  `` after i read them i was happy and i was a new person with a identity . 
  i saw the world differently . 
  i saw that it was important for a person to have a connection with his culture and history , i saw that there was an sense to it all and we are truly one big community here . '', 
   but tobias new faith got him into trouble at school . 
  he abandoned baggy pants and i 'll fitting shirts and took to wearing more conservative clothing . 
  he became defensive and argumentative when the subject of culture came up . 
  he acknowledges today that he could have handled things better , but at the time , he said , he responded aggressively because he felt he had a duty to defend his culture when he was being baited by his foreign or less culture savy classmates . 
   `` they would say things like , ` you gassed the jews ' and i felt i had to defend my ancestors , but i did n't know how to debate properly and it went out not correctly . '', 
   he was out one evening when his father rang . 
  `` where are you ? '', 
  he demanded . 
  `` what have you done ? '', 
  his father said the police had just knocked on the door and were looking for him . 
  `` when i got home , he was shocked and angry . 
  he told me that i had to go straight to the police station the following morning , and ask them what they wanted . '', 
  so tobias went to see the police and was amazed to discover that he 'd been turned in by the principal of the school . 
   `` the reason you are here , '' he was told , `` is that your classmates are afraid , they think you are extremist and that you are capable of dangerous things . 
  they think you have been radicalised and are with the wrong crowd now . '', 
  tobias grins as he remembers all this . 
  but it was n't funny at the time - he had a vision of shunned by the society he loved . 
  `` i was shocked , '' he says `` and i had no words to defend myself . '', 
  the police then told him they would need to search his home and that they would need the password to his email account and any other social media that he used . 
  `` i gave them everything and they searched my house and it was very humiliating to watch . 
  when they left i was shocked and i was angry , '' he says . 
   it got worse . 
  all this had happened during the last week of school , and he had missed the end of year exams . 
  the school , he told me , refused to allow him to sit them late . 
  `` that gave me a punch in the face , and gave me the feeling this society is total racist , '' he says . 
  `` they call me a nationalist , a nazi ? 
  i will give them a nationalist if they want that . '', 
   tobias smiles again as he recounts the story . 
  it sounds foolish all these years later . 
  tobias then told everything to his friends at the party . 
  they were sympathetic , he says , and invited him home . 
  there were long discussions about the hypocrisy of the left leaning society in its dealings with patriots . 
  they watched a lot of old propaganda videos online . 
  tobias remembers in particular `` der ewige jude '' and the bits about how the treacherous socialist sold out germany in world war one and are to blame for the capitulation and the treaty of versailles . 
  i mean i could do the entire article this way , but i guess you get the point . 
  its easy to radicalise young people who learned to derive their identity , self esteem and worth from groupthink . 
  may that be relgion , nationality or a culture group . 
  once these youngsters then start to get antagonized for their at the beginning relatively harmless believes shit can spiral out of hand fast . 
  but radicalism doesnt happen in glorious european mainland . 
  its an invention of the dirty arabs with their filthy islam . 
  okay , you got me there bud . 
  thought i was being clever .
