  then do n't let them sell it . 
  without the energy from storage power plants in the alps for peak currants you will get a problem , too . 
  we are in the same boat . 
  we have to find a common ground . 
  an earthquake or technical problem are more likely . 
  you happily take the risk , others do n't . 
  hmm ... tschernobyl and fukoshima ? 
  you have to distinguish between probability and potential danger . 
  in a way it 's like playing the lottery . 
   do n't even get me started on the recent reactor models that are physically incapable of melting down , because as soon as anything goes wrong , the reaction naturally stops , independent of power blackouts , human control , earthquakes or anything . 
  the conditions for the reaction are so strictly designed that any change causes it to stop safely , there is not a way for it to stop otherwise . 
  have you found a way to change physical laws ? 
  i am sure you try to think of everything , but that is not possible . 
  you ca n't stop the chain reaction if the cooling breaks down . 
  you tell me that would not happen . 
  the guys in fukoshima thought the same . 
   i think your fear is irrational . 
  nuclear is the single best power source there is and will be until fusion . 
  thorium reactors are going to be even safer and leave less waste . 
  its like with flying - when a plane crashes , everybody loses their shit , but statistically its the safest transportation method . 
  the amount of people who die due to plane crashes is much bigger than the number for nuclear though , so they are much safer and i bet you do n't worry about flying , do you . 
  that 's the flaw . 
  when `` your plane crashes '' it 's not just those people killed but contamination and cancer for hundreds of years . 
  where are you going to go then ? 
  other power plants should be made as clean , modern and environmental friendly as possible , too . 
  however if there was an bigger accident at one of those , you would not have to evacuate the sourroundings for the next millennium . 
  we are both small nations . 
  we literally do n't have anywhere else to go . 
  and it 's the same with the other nuclear power plants in small european nations . 
  we are also very critical of the tax breaks for hickley 's point ( sp ? ), 
  in britain . 
  you think so ? 
  there was also the peasants ' liberation , foundation year of newspapers , some progressive staff . 
  but there were also negotiations about a constitution , that led no where . 
  1848 was the year of revolutions all over europe . 
  it was about civil rights , constitutions , parliaments ( b\u00fcrgerliche revolution ) . 
  it was not just hungary . 
  the kaiser even had to flee vienna , where there were street fights . 
  he stepped down in favour of franz josef i. 
  so to get its people on board again , the habsburgs handed out goodies and punishment . 
  yes , as your relative works there it is safe . 
  however , this is what i was referring to : [ murphy 's law ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/murphy%27s_law ), 
  i thought the habsburgs did not care about the nationality if their subjects as long as they submit them . 
  those who were rebellious ( bohemia ) were punished , those who played along got goodies . 
  if you think about and look at the details it is actually not a good thing to live beside a nuclear power plant . 
  yes , most austrians would agree . 
  it is not that unreasonable : all things that might go wrong will go wrong one day . 
  it woulf be a pity to vienna or linz but also to br\u00fcnn and budweis !, 
   even though it was mainly to make austria more effective at oppressing minorities you meant :  even though it was mainly to make austria ** and hungary ** more effective at oppressing minorities, 
  and germany / sweden/austria have to start a campaign telling those people from marokko to pakistan that they are not welcome , will get no cars and girls and will be sent back immediately . 
  and you would store those people on an uninhabited island till they rot ? 
  that will work . 
  because the eu would just load of all the people in greece and make it a giant refugee camp . 
  the greeks would be crazy to trust eu officials after this summer . 
  your first question has been answered already . 
   the money she paid is probably a security measure because she is a foreigner and in case she gets convicted and is not in germany , the state will already have this money . 
  it is for sure no penalty - our courts do n't work in a few minutes ... 
  at night !, 
  he said at night !, 
  still bad enough as vienna has been proud of beeing a very safe place . 
  woman could walk on the streets at night . 
  now there are crimes like teenage girls beeing raped by multiple men on the streets in the middle of the town . 
  yes i know . 
  you never get rid of them once they are here . 
  that 's the reason why you should not let in anyone without background checks in the first place . 
  source : in my small town there us a nordafrikanerszene , selling drugs . 
  police say the are only one or two of them are beeing deported per year . 
  you could start deporting people from marokko , algeria , tunesia , pakistan , iran ... 
  germany needs to close its boarders . 
  only then those countries inbetween can do the same and the neighbouring countries are relieved of the pressure . 
  if germany wants to take in refugees it should accept them in the camps near the war zones and not let a chaotic race take place . 
  now it 's like social darwinism . 
  the fastest and most brutal ones will win . 
  the point is that there do n't have to be weird smells . 
  people ca n't be deported as their countries of origin are refusing to accept them . 
  it is a huge problem with drug dealers here in tyrol . 
  they know they have nothing to fear and act accordingly . 
  [ verabschiedungskultur - abgelehnte fl\u00fcchtlinge , in german ] ( http://www.profil.at/oesterreich/abgelehnte-fluechtlinge-die-6177348 ) that 's an article from the main austrian ( left leaning ) weekly magazine . 
  it was copies of their documentation . 
  austria has got a huge number of migrants . 
  that 's for sure . 
  those people seem to think germany is the promised land , who invited them in , but there are plenty of folks who get stuck here . 
  i do n't get why all the people from places like marokko , algeria or tunesia are not turned away faster . 
  once they are here you 'll never be able to deport them , as they throw away their papers and thir own countries refuse to take them back . 
  we already do have plenty of north african drug dealers here that ca n't be deported ( since appr . 
  rape has not been a constant factor . 
  you can walk home alone as a woman at night . 
  it 's not that nothing is ever happening , but as an abrevation . 
  i think it should stay that way . 
  do n't you think those woman wanted to keep those men at arms length ? 
  probably not so easy in a hostile crowd of pickpockets and gropers . 
  well , good for you . 
  others do n't like to be abused . 
  if you stop the criminals there will be less victims . 
  actually the germans do n't stop them , but they control nevertheless . 
  i do n't know when they think that should end . 
  5 years , 5 million people , 20 years , until there is enough low lost labourers there ? 
  there have been boarder controls between austria and germany by germany for months now !, 
  so what ? 
  hungary and slovenia are both schengen countries .
