  germany recently introduced minimum wage and higher wages as the low internal demand was depressing growth rates . 
  no problem , maybe there will be a new labour force working for less than minimum wage improving germany 's competetivness in the future , ... wait they are already there !, 
  yes , do that and declare it to the world . 
  http://www.economist.com/node/10268306 http://m.spiegel.de/international/europe/a-897120.html http://wirtschaftsblatt.at/home/nachrichten/europa/4763957/christian-felber_deutsches-lohndumping-ist-angriff-auf-euro http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-22080862 http://uk.mobile.reuters.com/article/idukbre99l0jz20131022?irpc=932, 
   germany has imposed limits which allow only 50 people per hour and 6,000 per day to enter the country . 
  well , in germany it is per hour . 
  that 's something different . / s ( no it is not . 
  your cap is 6000 a day minus those who will continue their journey . 
  if there are more they will have to wait ad infinitum . ), 
  the austrian cap for germany would be way below that . 
  but austria is critizised by de maziere for having a too high cap for those travelling to germany ? 
  while germany still refuses to cancel its invitation ? 
  at the same time the eu comission critizises austria for having a cap at all ? 
  austria is critizised for not accepting all of them and `` creating a problem '' for slovenia ? 
  ( what about slovenia , greece , croatia , fyrom , turkey ? 
  well just for the fun of it could those people start using boats and land in estland , netherlands and poland ? 
  take them all but do n't let them continue their journey . 
  good luck . 
  we will be watching . 
  who suffocated greece last summer ? 
  it is not about theory or what is fair or what countries say . 
  it is about facts and reality . 
  i want to see marocco and algeria take back its citizens , everything else is cheap talk . 
  austria has not been able to deport those nationalities for decades . 
  it is a little bit naive to believe things work like at home . 
  germany is a magnet . 
  the world has to get the message that migrants are not welcome in germany . 
  they feel invited . 
  ( even if it was not meant that way . ), 
  the countries on the way ca n't fix that for germany . 
  if it us only slovenia and greece blocking your way to paradise , you would try everything to pass them , too . 
  if you do n't do that millions will follow , until they realise it is no longer better than at home . 
  you ca n't force migrants and refugees on countries not boardering unsafe countries . 
  also every country has the right to decide on its own . 
  yes germany is sending ~ 200 people who have been denied asylum to austria every day . 
  mostly desperate young male north africans without papers . 
  great . 
  ( should austria do the same and sent them to tiny slovenia ? ), 
  we do n't have the political weight to piss off our neighbours like that . 
  we need our southern/eastern neighbours as partners . 
  we are a small country but we do have long boarders and no more boarder facilities . 
  we also do n't have the political/economical weight to force all those countries of origin to identify and take back their own citizens . 
  it is said that germany 's devision to send back those people to austria lead to the decision for a strict cap on refugees . 
  ( faymann no longer relies on merkel . ), 
  you gather on the main square of your town to watch it together . 
  there are big screens , they sell beer and other stuff and you have thousands of other people to cheer or moan with . 
  btw noaday it is called `` public viewing '' . 
  a bad omen maybe ? 
  let 's hope so , by goodness !, 
  then please tell it to the world . 
  do you still accept all migrants without limits or not ? 
  those people feel invited . 
  your neighbours ca n't do that for you . 
  then put them in detention centers for overstaying . 
  make clear that they ca n't stay . 
  give them some money to start over . 
  too bad they have forgotten that with greece . 
  probably because it was not about to save greece ? 
  maybe those syrians are doing a better job at adapting to the life in lebanon than those young men in europe that came from afghanistan , marokko , pakistan , tunisia and syria . 
  it is difficult in europe : you have to respect jews , gays , children , caricaturists , atheists , female bosses , female police officers , females that are alone at night , females at swimming pools in bathing suits , school girls , all whores , you know . 
  he is not the brightest knife in the drawer . 
  he jumped out of a baloon in the stratosphere , that might have been an indication . 
  however , there is some truth in what he is saying . 
  those migrants have crossed our boarders completely unchecked , without papers with false papers , from all kind of countries like pakistan , marokko , iran . 
  it was a failure of government and state . 
    austria seeks to justify easing slovenia out of schengen . 
  why would austria want to do that ??? 
  to get an external schengen boarder ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  besides , austria tries to be friendly with its neighbours . 
  it ca n't afford enemies . 
  they can buy them legally if they want to . 
  there are some background checks , training and rules to lock the weapons away from children . 
  that 's it . 
  then , why are you still a supporter of merkel ? 
  you are right !, 
  this is the link . 
  ( it 's actually the link on the site of the first link ) http://mobil.krone.at/ng/phone/kmm__1/app__core/sendung_id__32/story_id__492071/story.phtml, 
  yes , but there was no solution what to do with those people that would have been stopped . 
  there are appr . 
  1,1 million migrants and refugees in germany . 
  if they would have been stopped in greece that alone would be an increase of 10 % of the population . 
  in a country that is already starving due to europe 's failed policies and indifference . 
  sure i would not trust them again , let alone such an important issue . 
   maybe lol, 
  castle tyrol , built before 1100 , near meran in south tyrol gave the name to the region tyrol . 
  ( today dived between italy and austria ) [ schloss tirol in dorf tirol ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/tyrol_castle ), 
  i think in germany it 's enough if one of the names ( first name or middle name ) indicates gender . 
  vikings , good skiers , oil money , hard-working , scandinavian welfare state , big country with few people , fjords , fishing , ships , nordic wars, 
  you are calling names a lot . 
  bullshit and now also dumbass ? 
  i understand that your country depends on that technology . 
  still your blind trust in technology and feasibility is touching and naive , like a relique of the last century . 
  some politicians , that believe in neoliberalism thought it would help to put through neoliberal `` reforms '' in those european nations . 
  they would be tougher than the europeans . 
  good for you , dear neighbour . 
  you also do have the best farmers , factory workers and politicians . 
  a paradise . 
  unfortunately you do n't realise that propaganda is not making your stuff any safer . 
  me too and i am austrian .
