  no austria just tries to save itself and make the others realize that europe is in deep trouble . 
  greece has given up to control its boarders . 
  we are not going to do that . 
  austria has got the second largest amount of asylum seekers , just after sweden . 
  so would n't you call that solidarity ? 
  now it is your turn , dear rest of the `` union '' . 
  tsipras said that faymann and austria supported him when he was broken last summer . 
  so that stupid humiliation and austerity was not our idea . 
  it does not help if we let in everyone . 
  it is just the question when the boarder will be closed : now or in another year when we are completely lost . 
  yes , i agree !, 
  yes , it is a shame . 
  but germans are ignorant . 
  they have been told that they have `` saved greece '' and that the `` situation is slowly getting better . '', 
  they honestly believe it . 
  it is strange , naive , idealistic , mean and stupid . 
  but as nothing is fixed and it will get worse , they will be surprised and believe `` the greeks '' messed it up once again . 
  grow up and take it as a an adult . 
  it was political differences . 
  it is not such a good idea to reduce the freedom of the press or the independence of the judges . 
  you have to take that critizism . 
  sorry for the quote about the trains . 
  it is misquoted ( it was not `` hungarians are nazis '' ) but it is still unacceptable . 
  ( it had been discussed numerous times . ), 
  you were also right that we need fences and boarder control . 
  btw no one said sorry to us after calling us nazis and introducing `` sanctions '' in 2000 . 
  i think this is why austria had to react . 
  austria has something to loose . 
  greece will not fix the problem and germany is doing double - speak . 
  * germany does not reverse it 's invitation to refugees . 
  * germany is not making clear that migrants are deffenitely not welcome * germany citizes austria for introducing a ( quite high ) cap on refugees on the other hand : * germany critizes austria for letting too many people pass into germany . 
  the minister of interior said austria has to stop letting that many people into germany . 
  politicians of the state of bavaria threatened to close the boarders . 
  * germany has introduced caps on refugees itself . 
  since last summer it lets austria know just every day how many refugees it is willing to accept : 3000 , 2000 or only 1 . 
  so some days austria had to house 18.000 additional people that where not allowed into germany . 
  * germany is sending appr . 
  200 declined refugees back to austria every day . 
  north africans without papers that ca n't be deported . 
  wtf ? 
  so if we do nothing we will become completely dependent on germany . 
  greece , i think we can agree that that is not a good thing . 
  i still hope that we find a common solution , but if we go on like last summer the problem will just be prolonged . 
  better we make clear now that those days are gone . 
  tell the world that there is no longer an invitation by mother merkel . 
  i do n't understand why germans do n't get that point . 
  if you cared about greece and the south you should stop affixiate them by an insane austerity policy . 
  it is not working . 
  google [ paradox of thrift ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paradox_of_thrift ) now you are crying crocodile tears , because you suffer . 
  if you want to help , help in algeria , marokko , pakistan , turkey . 
  the union is not working together . 
  it will not , as long as germany refuses to accept the oppinion of the other eu countries . 
  germany is trying to force its immigration policy on other countries as it had worked with austerity against greece . 
  there is an alternative . 
  it is not a human right to choose the country where you get asylum . 
  it is not europe 's duty to house people from marokko and pakistan . 
  you can have boarder controls without violating human rights . 
  all we can do is to try to find a common solution and care for ourselves in the meantime . 
  it is insane to wait for the end the war in syria , till islamist countries protect our boarders or till there will be peace on earth . 
  maybe that 's the problem . 
  honestly i do not know anything about it . 
  but i do understand it . 
  there was chaos and hungary tried to cope with it . 
  i just wanted to point out that it is an anti-austrian rumor , too , that our chancellor would have said `` the hungarians were nazis '' . 
  it 's not true . 
  yes we feel with you greece , but we do n't want to drown with you . 
  so take the help offered and at least try to protect your boarders !, 
  faymann was one of the few heads of governments sympathetic with you . 
  i am sorry . 
  to be fair he did not say hungarians were nazis but putting people in trains/busses telling them that they will be braught to their desired location while sending them to a detention center in the other direction reminds him of dark times . 
  but it was not nice to say that , i agree with that . 
  american . 
  the alternative russian ? 
  that 's insane . 
  never will those 27 nations and turkey , marokko , algeria etc agree on this plan on time . 
  it took centuries to agree on less controversial issues . 
  maybe she wants to dictate her plan on the others . 
  once the situation is worse enough , the others just have to give in ? 
  in my region tyrol ( province tirol in austria and south tirol and trentino in italy ) there are many different origins as well : * two pre-roman , non-indo-european languages there are similarities with old languages in the mediterranian . 
  one of it is called raetic ( related to etruscan ) * three pre-roman indo-european languages : celtic , breonic and the f-schicht . 
  ( earlier they have been called illuric and venetian , but that lead to confusions ) most are : * roman * germanic * and there are a few slawic ones, 
  yes . 
  lol . 
  * germany 's boarders are 3600 km ( 780 km to austria , the only country were refugees might pass through . ), 
  * austria 's boarders are 2600 km . 
  ( 760 km to italy and slovenia , 366 to hungary . ), 
  even though austria is 10 times smaller . 
  no , that is not much easier to protect , as sch\u00e4uble claimed . 
  then good night !, 
  ok . that 's fine . 
  what is your problem , bro ? 
  yes so germany and the north has to announce that those days are gone . 
  there is no place , no resources , no work , nothing . 
  so do n't sell your houses in pakistan or afghanistan it is not worth it . 
  austria did so . 
  yes then greece and europe have to protect the boarder , like the u.s. , like spain , like russia . 
  of course europe has to help . 
  and it must let greece of the hook and grant it a haircut and a real new beginning . 
  austria has dear old connections with slavic countries . 
  ( and many frictions , too . ),
