  in fact we are a little bit slavic ourselves . 
  is that a problem for you ? 
  and germany is not going to let them in . 
  have you read what the german minister of the interior said ? 
  german has critizised austria over admitting 3200 people to pass through to germany , because it was a `` much too high number '' . 
  this is your new friend :  ... austria on friday introduced a daily limit of 80 migrants who are allowed to claim asylum while allowing 3,200 migrants a day to transit through . 
   `` even for security reasons , this is unacceptable . 
  we wo n't allow this to continue long term , '' de maiziere ( german minister of interior ) said , adding that he intended to bring up the issue at the next gathering of eu interior ministers in brussels on thursday . 
   the asylum cap `` is an austrian decision '' , he said . 
  `` but to say that 3,200 can continue towards germany is the wrong signal , '' he added . 
  `` the figure is much too high . 
  we wo n't accept it and that 's why we need to talk about this . '', 
  [ sending so many refugees unacceptable ] ( http://www.thelocal.at/20160222/sending-so-many-refugees-unacceptable ), 
  what 's the problem with cooperating with those nations ? 
  they are fine . 
  they 've assassinated our wonderfull franz ferdinand . 
  that was not nice , but we got over it . 
  however the austrian government should talk to greece , too . 
  there are many occasions . 
  but up to now there was obviously no common goal , so not much to coordinate . 
  i think greece should be mad at germany , that f * it up for both of us . 
  no austria did not !!, 
  f * merkel tried to rule over other countries once again . 
  she has no say about us . 
  we are a sovereignty nation and we did announce our cap before the summit . 
  we still let people pass into germany , if that 's what germany wants . 
  maybe you listen to interviews with refugees . 
  that is not true . 
  you ca n't talk for austria . 
  maybe you are fed up . 
  i am not . 
  it is just that i see no european solution ( as europe is unable to act wise ) so austria has no other choice than to introduce a cap on refugees on its own . 
  and it was not just greece but also germany that was snubbed . 
  lol 1 . 
  listen to what the people say . 
  maybe it was not meant that way , but it was understood like that . 
  merkel has to make that clear . 
  otherwise you will hear that ad nauseum . 
  sent those charming young unidentified north african youngsters to slovenia ? 
  good luck , your problem ? 
  that solves exactly nothing . 
  no , it is marokkan and afghan men selling drugs , committing crimes , threatening women . 
  we can only do what is in our power . 
  we hope it will lead to a solution and an end the out of sight out of mind mentality of our dear european friends . 
  we can not and will not go on like last summer when we have been overrun . 
  whoever wants to take in all those people is invited to do so . 
  we have done our part . 
  greece ' s aim was to get those people to central europe as soon as possible . 
  that has to change . 
  i am sorry greece . 
  i definitely do n't want to make the refugee crises all your problem . 
  you are still suffering from the european mismanagement of the euro crises . 
  i have always been on your site on this . 
  however this time we are let down like you were . 
  but we have to do something as long as we can . 
  germany invited those people and is not stopping it . 
  at the same time it sending back appr . 
  200 migrants whose request for asylum has beem denied ( mainly from marokko ) to austria . 
  interior minister demaiziere critizised austria for introducing a cap on refugees and at the same time for letting over 3000 pass to germany . 
  what ? 
  i guess we should just keep all of them !, 
  austria accepted 90.000 refugees last year , that is 1 % of its population . 
  disgusting crimes have been happening , train stations are stuck . 
  we can not wait longer . 
  there is no point on drowning together . 
  all that berlin has got is exhortatory appeals . 
  when the music is over germany will save itself . 
  we are not going to follow it 's lead like lemmings again . 
  what could we do ? 
  europe has to make clear that migrants are not welcome . 
  refugees will be granted asylum only temporary . 
  there will be ships guarding the main islands and the sea , sending the boats back . 
  there has to be refugee camps near the conflict zones , with enough food , education etc. 
  we have to get along with turkey but should never allow ourselves to be dependant on them . 
  and greece should get a haircut and real help . 
  this happened at a new , modern apartment complex , when the woman was about to visit a friend . 
  the the female friend noticed dome nice and looked outside she saw the man fleeing who threatened to kill her . 
  i would like to live on my own island , like the british people . 
  with a big ocean sourrounding my country , especially with an ocean towards the germans . 
  lucky bastards !, 
  i would like the uk to be inside the eu as a counterbalance and as a voice of reason . 
  here some information ( in german ) to get your facts strait : [ deutsches lohndumping ] ( http://blog.arbeit-wirtschaft.at/deutsches/ ), 
  you are incredible rude . 
  how do you get along in real life ? 
  is everyone hating you ? 
  well germany and china changed places in 2009 ( almost a decade ? ), 
  that 's right . 
  the rest is bullshit . 
  germany did change its policy and there was some small growth . 
  that 's it . 
  the rest of the eurozone is dwindling . 
  seriously , you are denying germany 's beggar-thy-neighbour strategy ? 
  bro ? / s germany 's economy is based on export ( number one exporter worldwide ) . 
  but yes , germany also had risen wages for the first time since almost a decade . 
  yes that was the reason why it got some ( aenemic ) growth last year . 
  as pointed out , it was overdue to curb internal demand after years of wage dumping . 
  edit : germany is the world 's 2nd largest exporter, 
  so first it is nice that you read those articles . 
  so you can understand that those articles reflect the development from 2005 to today from different countries and different positions on the political spectrum . 
  you ca n't see changes in wages and the wage structure in short term .
