  just yesterday they were saying on the radio regarding the crime and molestation wave : `` we should be tolerant of the refugees , they 're poor souls who live in containers without family and friends . 
  i would flip out , too if i was in that situation '' . 
  1 mio people tune into that station daily ... 
  ai n't necessarily about muslims but our recent efforts of integration . 
  assimilation works , integration is bullshit . 
  the us was pretty harsh , germans were forced to speak english , new groups of immigrants had to work their way into the society . 
  the new wave of south americans did not do so well because the approach is much `` softer '' . 
  muslims are even more estranged from our culture , and we are also providing fewer incentives to work through our social security and liberal views . 
  there are reports about them selling the weapons to buy a ticket to europe now . 
  i know but it was pretty clear from the beginning that greece was going to blame the eu and in this case especially germany . 
  then they elected these dilettantes who were causing trouble for months . 
  a grexit would have been a better choice . 
  change has to come from within , it was clear from the beginning that greece was going to rebel against foreign involvement . 
  the bitch is ripping apart germany and the eu . 
  the anti-refugee people are being pushed toward dangerous far-right movements by the governments idiotic media campaign . 
  you ca n't start propaganda against poland because they wo n't take the immigrants , it 's none of your business , bitch . 
  you ca n't pay greece 's debt , then tell their politicians what to do . 
  that 's just totally insensitive , no matter if you 're wrong or right . 
  she is riding on a wave of economic upturn but she did n't contribute anything . 
  instead our taxes have been rising . 
  she 's going to leave a huge mess . 
  possibly a brexit , far-right governments in eastern europe , lots of far-right support in germany , and possibly a country that is not prepared for an economic cool-down ( which is bound to happen eventually ) . 
  win-win situation : they make money , they have a strong pressure on european politics ( and they can expand their religious dogma into europe ) . 
  the sex ratio is worse than you think . 
  best example are american gettos . 
  you 've got lots of young men in prison , the ratio still looks okay-ish with 10:11 or so . 
  but women are battling over men , many guys end up with mutiple relationships at the same time . 
  now the situation here is even worse . 
  most women wo n't want to date these immigrants . 
  they act strange , are often quite small and do n't even speak the language . 
  i 've seen the disgusted looks at the clubs already . 
  and we only have 9.5 million women between 18 and 35 here . 
  this is not going to work . 
  they had many plane crashes because of the embargo . 
  old planes and no access to spare parts . 
  pretty scary , they 've been flying around in old junk that had been patched up with unconventional methods . 
  there is nothing horrifying about hitler tbh . 
  the guy had his crazy plans but i do n't think he tortured or murdered anyone personally . 
  this guy was horrifying : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christman_genipperteinga, 
  dude , the czech political landscape is a joke . 
  could n't believe the shit your politicians say out loud on tv . 
  they live and shit in canyons , so we call them `` schluchtenscheisser . '', 
  the people are supposedly nicer than here , but their highway tolls are almost like a robbery . 
  did n't he kill more russians than the germans ? 
  yeah , berlin is supposed to be the best city for partying in europe . 
  it 's not that here bad , it 's even a `` gro\u00dfstadt '' by definition . 
  still , lots of lost potential , 1/3 of the population are students . 
  idk , my town only has smaller clubs , most of them are also pretty bad . 
  kinda sad for a college town . 
  it 's rather great here , too atm . 
  unemployment is about 3 % in my area . 
  still , it 's not that easy to get a job , especially if you do n't `` know '' anyone . 
  even with a masters in engineering you 'll be searching for at least 3 months , probably 6 + months if you are a bit picky ( which you should be ) . 
  nah , it 's more of a drunken grinding , making out , going home , maybe calling her back the next day . 
  pretty dumb and i do n't think it 's worth the hangover anymore but it was exciting when young , still is sometimes . 
  but most people rather go to socializing events with friends like houseparties . 
  older guys tell me that they talked about their dreams , politics and the world . 
  now it 's all about school exams , internships , career opportunities . 
  i 've heard it from a few university employees already that the pressure is much higher today to be perfect , even though the standards have been lowered because the universities are overrun with people . 
  we have many clubs for older folks . 
  most clubs do n't even like kids , the older you get , the easier it is to get inside . 
  i 've seen my fair share of black out drunkeness but american highschool kids go to another level , especially because alcohol is often rare and the forbidden part makes it more exciting . 
  yeah , many people also `` do n't like '' clubbing , especially women . 
  just go downtown during the day and then at night . 
  most hot women disappear and all the trainwrecks come out . 
  16 is the legal age , would never do something illegal , 
  it 's good that the right always reminds us why we should not vote for them . 
  still , i really do n't know who to vote now . 
  the 2 main parties have decided that the easiest is to share the power and do whatever the fuck they want . 
  the rest is either brain-dead lefties or the even worse far-right wingers . 
  damn you young generation . 
  we used to get drunk from 16 on , it was called `` coma binge drinking '' and the public was concerned . 
  now it has changed , the new generation is all about career goals . 
  hell , some of them have a bachelors degree by the age when some of the previous generations started college . 
  and i 'm not even 30 yet ... 
  yeah , i `` americanized '' that line . 
  still , she was called a thief and they demanded a lawyer ... 
  syrians make up about 25 % minus the pretenders . 
  opportunists will cause problems , they already do . 
  why would you work your ass off if it 's not worse living off govnm money ? 
  we got lots of eastern europeans living off german welfare . 
  they work here for a short time , then send the unemployment money , child support by the state home . 
  the amount of abuse is astonishing ( bro works for a bank ... ), 
  yeah , i expected this comment . 
  you do n't have to believe me . 
  it 's just one story i ca n't proof it . 
  but when you say `` we need to help '' nobody asks why or to proof it . 
  we do n't know anything about the people coming here , maybe it 's time to volunteer , i 'm honestly think about it . 
  btw , the lady was pretty upset , she 'd worked her ass off and was hesistant to talk to people about it , some called her a racist before . 
  but people are packing their bags because our borders are open . 
  there is no war in kazakhstan ... you think any country in europe would let refugees in if germany closed its borders ? 
  now they 're letting them through because germany will take them . 
  the greek and turkish navy have been waving their dicks at each other every day for decades but ca n't keep inflatible boots from crossing ? 
  and is it our duty to help them ? 
  we are only helping the opportunists ( that 's what they are , you ca n't deny that ) who come here . 
  what about the people who sit in camps in turkey or starve to death in africa . 
  this `` helping '' is extremely short-sighted and very biased . 
  we really need to close our borders yesterday . 
  merkel has probably lost her mind by now , she really has lost all contact with reality a while ago . 
  talked to a lady who had been volunteering at a shelter for years and could n't take it anymore .
