  dude , italians have changed a lot since 2009 . 
  the overall mood is really bad . 
  taxes and other fees are a huge burden on the regular honest person . 
  prices have dropped . 
  a regular pizza started at almost 10 $ before the crisis , now it starts at around 4-5 $ . 
  hard manual labor is only around 10 $ / hour . 
  when people go out , they buy one drink even though they stay at a bar for hours . 
  there is lots of thievery by gypsies . 
  yes , italy is still a nice place to life and people have their nice family life but young and poor people are desperate . 
  lots of italians are still rich as fuck , feels like mostly older men . 
  they do n't show off their wealth ( might look suspicious ) . 
  heck , on paper italians are richer than us germans because their real estate is worth a lot and many germans do n't own any property . 
  it was popular at the time . 
  bitch is supposed to protect the country and steer it into the future . 
  all she does is wait shit out or choose the popular opinion even if it totally unreasonable . 
  how fucking dumb do you have to be open your borders to the entire world and declare everyone a refugee when it 's mostly opportunists with almost nothing to add to our country ? 
  now we 've got right wingers all over europe , the brexit and it will takes generations to integrate the immigrants . 
  heck , even the 3rd or 4th gen turks do n't feel at home here , how is it going to work with someone from somalia or afghanistan ? 
  no economic growth , ageing population , extremists on both sides , integration of immigrants which can take many generations , climate change , china . 
  i guess we need to get our shit together . 
  meanwhile merkel is talking about fair distribution of the refugees . 
  looks like fortress europe is the only option here, 
  2016 is really going to change/determine our future . 
  kind of like 2001 and 2008 . 
  i have the feeling this played a huge part in the brexit . 
  merkel 's insane policies might just as well give all these brexit/trump/le pen people the small percentage they needed . 
  these radical islamists really remind me of what we learned about the nazi bullying in the 1930s . 
  we do n't want pakistani conditions in turkey . 
  yes , on paper . 
  but the us is very diverse . 
  you can go from one district to another in 5 minutes and it 's a bigger difference than crossing the border from germany to poland . 
  also life can be pretty dull , they are living in the same houses and shopping at the same places from california to new england . 
  we also have a couple days per year when it 's forbidden to dance and play loud music ( cause of some jeezus day ) . 
  the police literally enters clubs and pubs and checks if they follow the rules . 
  there are n't even that many syrians , only around 25 % . 
  and the media is definitely not stirring shit , they 're pro-refugee as it gets . 
  it 's mostly dudes from all over the world who are no chilling on the streets literally everywhere you go . 
  the kids across the street in the home were probably send by their families , all they do is skype all day . 
  shy kids , they do n't really seem the type who packs things and leaves on their own behalf . 
  needs more grey concrete, 
  yeah , germany is slowly running against a huge wall unless people start making children again . 
  i 'm pretty sure we 'll be paying our parents ' retirements but wo n't get any ourselfs . 
  right now things are going well and we 're still not saving money . 
  greece is going to cost us eventually , whether the refugee thing will work out is still unclear but we likely have brought a huge new low class into the country that 'll not only cost money but also social unrest . 
  our greatest asset is education and it looks like this will get lowered considerably , heck i ca n't believe how some of these dumbasses got into the university in the first place . 
  the stuff americans use even in higher class homes is pretty ridiculous . 
  the cheap door knobs , the cardboard doors and walls , the light switches ... it 's all cheap and easy . 
  nothing feels solid and made for long . 
  wrong word i guess . 
  merkel 's fuck up one year later : 1 million immigrants from god know where in the country , most likely a burden on society for years to come ( except for the people who make the 5 $ supermarket vodkas ) . 
  far right-wing governments in austria and poland . 
  right wing also on the rise in germany , france , cz and others . 
  greece about to tank again ( kinda unrelated but still ... ) erdogan bullying europe . 
  shit could have been so easy . 
  just say `` we 'll send all illegal immigrants back . '', 
  it would have ended up being greece 's problem but you can contain the immigrants there , establish `` send back '' camps with eu moneys , use joined forces to patrol the aegian . 
  it 's not like the immigrants want to stay there . 
  that stream would also instantly turn into a trickle . 
  but instead we had this `` no human is illegal '' attitude in the media . 
  did n't we have a discussion here about how palm oil is the lesser evil ? 
  alternatives are much worse . 
  what 's up with all the soros conspiracy ? 
  yes , i think merkel 's last-minute decision to not send police to the borders actually contributed a lot to brexit and trump . 
  these pictures of 10000 people crossing our border unhindered every day for months were extremely powerful . 
  is there actually any country in europe that currently has the largest ever size in its history ? 
  it 's ridiculous , integration is really easy but only if you want it . 
  sounds fucking weird to me . 
  not the same thing . 
  main reason is geography . 
  look how easy we can trade with all that coastline and how natural obstacles formed countries . 
  sounds like chechnya . 
  you do n't get it . 
  saudi muslims are most pious ones , the practice the prophet 's message the right way . 
  that is way they were gifted this extreme wealth , you need to follow their practices and god will also send you gifts . 
  what ? 
  it was like `` yeah , you can have eastern europe , but we take 90 % of greece '' . 
  stalin himself was apparently surprised and went `` hell yeah '', 
  i think it 's an educational issue , the polish areas are never discussed and if so it 's our fault and we deserved it . 
  elsass lothringen is discussed more because it often mentioned as one of the reasons for ww1 . 
  maybe there should be more criticism of the post war decision by the allies though . 
  britain and the us let russia take over half of europe way to easily . 
  fuck churchill . 
  did n't you guys invent ikea ? 
  i think so if you 're looking at the comment section of newspaper sites recently . 
  been a giant shitshow starting in late 2015 . 
  they 're actually higher in a lot of supermarkets . 
  even in cz they pay much more at kaufland , lidl and others for many things . 
  especially drug stores are about twice as expensive . 
  some things like bread are much cheaper though . 
  both sides lose but you 'd lose more . 
  also you have to consider some sort of punishment to keep other eu countries from exiting too . 
  america is technically more secular than germany i believe . 
  religion also has a strong grip here , it is forbidden to clubs with loud music open here on certain days . 
  the church costs us billions each year and it is probably worth 400bn at very low estimates . 
  yes , they are comfortably sitting in the us while extracting the personal data of the entire world for their gain . 
  i bet this is a larger sum than the few cars we 're selling to them . 
  and we provide them with something of value at least , 
  yeah , china publishes a shitload of papers . 
  but the quality is badbad . 
  gazprom ... that might actually be the reason behind the mess in syria .
