  you have no idea what you are talking about !, 
  kfw is almost as bad as goldman sachs . 
  they are funding things like development projects in africa or student loans and the conditions are always really bad , they literally only leave behind destroyed communities and crushing debt . 
  all under the disguise of helping people . 
  sch\u00e4uble as a benefactor receives millions of euros as `` compensation '' . 
  generally i agree , it would even be cheaper to let people retire earlier now instead of them being unemployed until they hit retirement age . 
  i really wonder if people are finally paying their taxes now , the stories from pre-2009 greece are crazy . 
  some people really profited , now their money is spread across europe . 
  and vw actually sold fewer cars . 
  not surprising , you easily pay 22-25k for a moderately equiped golf . 
  that 's almost the median income in germany . 
  `` volkswagen '' my ass . 
  nah , only bild and other trash sites started bashing greece a bit , but you wo n't read any direct hate articles like you see in greece even there . 
  but they of course paint a picture over time which causes some animosity in the population . 
  also took them a while , bild only reacted after months of greek tabloid bashing . 
  there were many one-sided discussions or documentaries on ard and zdf , bashing german policy , imf , troika etc. , too . 
  they also show how the greeks suffer all the time . 
  our media is somewhat reserved in comparison , propaganda is feared here . 
  still , you 're right , the media needs to shut up . 
  so what is the alternative ? 
  many austerity measures are questionable . 
  but you ca n't even justify this to all these eastern european economies who are `` worse '' off . 
  investing hundreds of billions in a country that has fundamental structural flaws ? 
  keynesian macroeconomics is what krugman or stiglitz are suggesting but there are also many other economists who would argue with that . 
  yes , that is just my opinion , nobody actually really knows a way out of this mess . 
  you read a different opinion by renounced economists almost every day . 
  you know what , it has always been this way , greece was just short sighted like probably no other european country in recent history . 
  the thing that bothers me the most is that greece seems to be in a state of hibernation . 
  instead of dealing with things , they play the blame the eu game , europe actually only covered their asses for 5 years hoping they 'd get back up so the whole eu thing does n't fall apart . 
  austerity was the only tool they had , you ca n't change the politicians , the corruption , the nepotism . 
  and they used it to sell the bailout to their countries ' voters and to keep the markets from going crazy . 
  austerity , it is one of reddit 's favourite topics . 
  but what else were they supposed to do when basically everything was wrong back in 09 ? 
  in 2014 greeks still spend 14 % more than they took in . 
  the state is still bloated , the politicians currupt . 
  syriza is a fucking joke , they 've isolated themselves with their 180 \u00b0 turnarounds every day , they 've lost all credibility , does n't matter what letters they send to brussels now . 
  the country had an inflow by the creditors of around a hundred billions since the crisis began , so it is n't all about bailing out these evil private banks . 
  actually about ~ 1/3 of the 300bn credits went to the banks , ~ 1/3 to current account deficits , the rest supported capital flight from greece . 
  what hurts the most right now is that the greeks themselves have parked their money elsewhere , they are the ones who need to revive their own economy . 
  drachma might be the best after all . 
  people will start investing again , at least that 'll help . 
  politicians , corruption and so forth can only be cured by the greeks themselves . 
  yeah , totally different situation . 
  germany was literally in ruins , there was lots of potential for growth . 
  the debts came from wwi and aid after wwii . 
  and germany lost billions in factories and patents after the war , much more than the marshal plan inflows , the benefitial americans were n't that benefitial after all . 
  greece is still a relatively wealthy country , the debts are due to structural problems plus some of the creditor nations are still worse off than greece . 
  nobody knows what they would do if we cut debts by about 50 % like germany in 1953 . 
  right now they 've proven that they still ca n't reform themselfes despite the dire situation . 
  still , looks like the only thing that can help them right now is a cut . 
  our teachers did their best to make us feel guilty , too . 
  it is still there , even in the younger generations . 
  but most people also know someone personally whose family was forced out of palestine by isreal, 
  sure you can . 
  some guy in my hometown just got 3 months for it . 
  newspaper today said that most are from sort of a middle class . 
  the family or village see them as an investment , so they put together thousands of dollars to send them here . 
  the young man then gets filthy rich and sends much more money back . 
  from what i 've read , these inspectors were nothing but thugs who went around and wanted money to look away , so not a big loss . 
  they protest close to my uni , people really should not take them seriously . 
  just a few angry older men , in between waaay too much police , on the other side a large crowd of punks , young leftists and old 1968 hippies . 
  quite bizarre situation , too loud , too expensive , too aggressive . 
  same stuff , people are scared of the different kind . 
  here is why : our cities suddenly have groups of romas running around , did n't happen 2-3 years ago . 
  honestly , i do n't know what to think about it , the younger ones walk in groups and look at you aggressively , entire families play on the streets . 
  this is in a wealthy city , even for german standards . 
  course people are scared when they have to park their new audi next to a group of frolicking gypsies . 
  my bro works at a bank , he gets tons of gypsies who ca n't even read , but open an account after working for a short time to cash in on support money , sometimes huge amounts because they have tons of children , many are low earning and hard working though , too . 
  actually made him and other bankers i know a bit racist . 
  they pay a 5-figure amount for the trip . 
  just recently they showed some guys sitting at some italian harbor , they all had new cell phones , could make out a galaxy note 3 or 4 . 
  ai n't always refugees i guess . 
  i actually believe that germans do n't like children . 
  the attitude of adults against children can often be hostile , they think children are messy and cause trouble . 
  living in a society where children have become kinda rare also changes things . 
  i 've heard countless young women say `` urgh children ? 
  the fact that germans plan everything ahead and are very conservative does n't help . 
  so women wait and wait , take their time to choose the right guy ... career first and suddenly you are in your mid 30s . 
  the over the top feminism does n't help . 
  american redditors complaining about feminism would freak out here . 
  in the us in contrast , it is completely different . 
  people are much impulsive and open : love -  marry -  children -  ( divorce ) before most of us german counterparts even finish college . 
  no , generally young males ( does n't matter where from ) are the group with the greatest potential to start some aggression , there was a study about it on reddit . 
  watch tv , it is mostly young men who go out to demonstrate and throw rocks . 
  many of the immigrants will feel left out . 
  jobs will be hard or hard to get because they do n't even speak the language , same thing with women . 
  do n't get me wrong , i am pro-immigration , especially here in germany where people started hating babies , but you ca n't just accept thousands a day who clearly will put a stress on the entire system until they are fully integrated . 
  it is a dumb populist statement . 
  probably a small minority of them are islamists . 
  i think the cultural difference , their lack of education and that almost all seem to be young males bares lots of potential for conflict . 
  it 's nice to have two leaders with napoleon complex at the gates of europe . 
  have n't had the chance to try many smaller breweries outside of germany and the czech rep. though . 
  basically all of the big foreign labels that land in our shelfs are shit beers . 
  croatia felt like italy without the often unfriendly italians . 
  also better prices . 
  problem here is that the soviets ruled for 45 years . 
  look at countries like the czech republic , their economic strength was almost on par with their western neighbors before the war , now it is a corrupt shithole with no economic growth in years . 
  ca n't really compare this ... 
  yep , especially muslim countries tend to lack any kind of self-criticism . 
  but hey , it happens everywhere .
