he should write a thank you note to michael o'leary after he finishes college . 
  looks like you can fly london -  gdansk for 18 gbp . 
  still , might be smarter to live somewhere closer to london and get a part-time job , now he is basically leeching off his parents and friends . 
  this particular part is the worst in germany , so it is probably better elsewhere . 
  anyway , i decided to take the bicycle or car because both are faster and cheaper . 
  worst part is the behavior of bahn employees , i 've seen a conductor yell at some old lady a couple times already because she did n't understand their retarded ticket system . 
  yeah , just think about the famed deutsche bahn . 
  this incapable shitcompany sometimes cost me hours of time in one week 's commute . 
  and it 's just 20km trip . 
  who are you going to arrest ? 
  the entire family/tribe will keep their mouth shut and the girl will probably say she did it herself . 
  afterwards she 'll be punished by the family . 
  one thing i 've noticed over the years is that there is a lot of polish players online . 
  or maybe they just like to add [ pl ] to their nicknames . 
  are you 13 years old ? 
  yeah , i know . 
  i know people who work at banks , so they have the best insight into that . 
  lots of abuse , especially from the balkan countries but the vast majority are poor and hard working . 
  she has probably planned it for a long time . 
  by the time greece will have to pay back the money which is around 2019 i think , they 'll certainly have worked out some cut . 
  most likely when things calm down a bit or if there is some distraction . 
  hard to say , we have lots of turkish people in germany but they are n't known to be hard workers . 
  but germany could not function without the labor force from eastern europe , especially in lower skill jobs like in construction . 
  there are many cases of abuse but around 3/4 are working hard and getting very low payment . 
  they might think that suddenly they have the same rights as european citizens as soon as they get here . 
  hunger strikes , protests , demands and more demands . 
  i bet americans would 've put up a fence long ago and you 'd have the national guard at the border sending everyone back . 
  it 's odd how the immigrants in europe feel entitled to so many things while the immigrants in the us quietly work their asses off hoping to maybe become a citizen in a decade or two . 
  yes , of course . 
  nice girls and they 're doing the right thing kinda . 
  a little bit of scepticism would not harm , though . 
  especially if you are a woman . 
  maybe everything works out , syrians actually were quite modern before shit went down . 
  got ta force them xenophobic slavs to show some humanity . 
  german media and public are in [ full retard mode ] ( http://static3.fnp.de/storage/scl/bilderstrecken/2015/frankfurt/refugees_welcome__fluechtlinge_aus_ungarn_am_frankfurter_hauptbahnhof/1150752_m3w605h320q75v11051_148e4c0040e9b8b1.jpg?version=1441822810 ) at the moment . 
  `` vollst\u00e4ndige verkehrskontrolle '' at the entire austrian border ... yeah , right . 
  crossed the border on the inntal autobahn 4 hours ago and did n't see any cops between bologna and rosenheim :d, 
  wow , the assholes kept the children from getting food . 
  and what 's this general aggressive attitude ? 
  fat fucks . 
  yeah , christians are always trying to claim europe 's value as their making even though we had to fight the church for centuries to get where we are right now . 
  still , we need to watch out for things like liberty , human values , democracy , equality etc. . and we atheists have to be especially careful , we do n't have a seperation between church and state in germany so they kinda have the rights to get the same privileges as the catholic church or ekd . 
  atheists are , after all , the lowest scum in the eyes of muslims . 
  islam is a worse cancer than christianity . 
  try to read the quran , it 's very clearly propagating things that we consider to be evil today . 
  unfortunately they are more criminal : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_and_crime, 
  maybe he should go to the german embassy , oh wait , they 'd arrest him for forgery . 
  they can buy these online easily through thousands of facebook pages . 
  i have lots of friends who study mostly engineering who are currently entering or about to enter the jobmarket . 
  it is n't easy , sure , there are lots of `` open '' positions and i live in an area with extremely low unemployment in the south . 
  still , people have to search for many months , especially if you do n't have any `` connections '' . 
  they do n't show up in the statistics because they sign up for some bogus-study program so they can stay on their parents healthcare plan . 
  it is not bad and certainly better than the rest of europe but we should be a little bit more realistic here , our generation is very well educated and there is more competition than before . 
  no , 65 are skilled enough to start work . 
  yeah , they 're probably not the poorest working class people , especially since the trip costs around 8-10k per person . 
  the really poor folks are probably still in syria or in some camp at the border with turkey . 
  still , most of them will have to go through years of education and then they 'll have to compete with native germans for jobs . 
  i ca n't see how this is going to work out with millions of people . 
  the arbeitsmarkt is very rough today , no matter what they say on tv . 
  man , most of them are still uneducated . 
  in a sample of 800 , they found that only 65 were able to start working . 
  most will have to go to language schools first , then they 'll get a school diploma and start their ausbildung . 
  dude , chill out a bit here , we are talking about hundreds of thousands of people from all over the world , the largest group are syrians who literally were running for the lifes . 
  yeah , 80 % males will be a huge problem unless they 're all waiting for their spouses to follow them . 
  we have relatively few young in germany already , only around 20 mio people between the ages 18 and 39 . 
  we 're talking about 800.000 or even a million refugees this year alone , so we 'll have a fucked up ratio of males/females which of course is unsustainable . 
  that 's true in general , still there are huge differences between germany and the countries where the refugees come from . 
  they often come from countries where laws are not enforced as much as here , where violence is a common daily thing , where women are worth less than men and they might resort to crime if we do n't integrate them well enough out of desperation . 
  also [ religion ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrvzlhqeea4 ) . 
  but that is future speculation . 
  big problem right now is that the police is basically overwhelmed by all the immigrants and ongoing burglary ( by eastern european gangs , not immigrants ) . 
  police speaker just said on the radio that they ca n't even check the trains from hungary anymore because of lack of manpower . 
  no , it just shows how many there are . 
  of course people are concerned , especially in areas where you did n't have much diversity before . 
  honestly , i ca n't see how they are going to integrate millions of mostly young men when they did n't even manage to integrate many turkish immigrants after half a century . 
  it is pretty hard to escape the bottom of society in germany already , just look at our school system , they set your life path after 4th grade . 
  our media is so blatantly pro-immigration , it is a fucking joke already . 
  and most people who you talk to are against it , people are scared , there are suddenly young refugees running all over the place no matter where you go . 
  that 's not racism or hatred , it is fear . 
  what the fuck are we supposed to do with them ?? 
  so far they seemed bored , probably because no one knows what to do with them . 
  all you see is brown/black dudes hanging out at bus stops , walking the streets aimlessly and apparently they like getting drunk judging from the trash they leave on the streets . 
  spain and ireland have become examples of successful austerity measures . 
  topic is more complicated and differs from country to country , though . 
  there should be at least a few guys for each large european bank actually . 
  one could argue that the euro keeps us `` poor . '', 
  sure , we export more and are more competitive but our wages are kept artificially lower . 
  we 'd probably be richer without the euro , less exports and more unemployment but people would have more money . 
  the dmark was strong , we just had our post-unification problems , the whole thing cost us about 2 billion ( same amount as current debt coincidentally ) . 
  it helps our exports somewhat and keeps unemployment at bay , but even the euro drop from ~ 1.4 to ~ 1.1 usd did n't make much difference . 
  and the costs are also high , generally it is believed our wealth is lower with the euro . 
  a strong d-mark would increase unemployment but altogether we 'd be richer . 
  time for a new schlieffen-plan . 
  [ this time we wo n't fool around . 
  ] ( http://www.titanic-magazin.de/fileadmin/_migrated/pics/card_1065889792.jpg ) joke aside , we 're fine as long as the media does n't fuck around , do n't know many people who actually dislike the french ( except for their shaving habits ) . 
  long time welt reader and currently faz reader here . 
  can confirm . 
  thankfully i get the faz for free , that paper is filled with garbage , last week they only had one message `` but it 's the greeks ' fault . '', 
  i mean , who gives a fuck by now , i want journalism , i want numbers and facts . 
  but daily papers probably are all the same , writers trying to fill up their blank spaces every day , no deep knowledge .
