  try talking about the native-american genocide to some american , they 'll come up with all kinds of bs denials . 
  i 'm not sure if this was meant as a joke . 
  even if you take the lowest scores , studies have shown that around 20 % of the muslims in europe support the sharia law . 
  yeah , they are quiet about it but what happens if political parties start to feed on these people ? 
  it will certainly have an impact . 
  you can dance privately . 
  clubs , bars , restaurants and other public places are not allowed to play loud music . 
  police will come and end any parties usually . 
  but i 've heard that police often do n't care outside bavaria . 
  it is especially bad in november , 3 weekends are affected . 
  many people support it : `` hey , you do n't have to go dancing every weekend ... '' add the fact that stores have to be closed on sunday and that the church ( catholic church is rich as fuck , i 'm talking hundreds of billions in private property plus billions in taxes each year ) takes part of your taxes unless you quit ( which costs 35 $ ) . 
  these crazy organizations still affect our daily lifes so much . 
  it 'll happen eventually . 
  what we need is a true separation between church and state , no wonder these fuckers are demanding a piece of the cake . 
  just look , it is forbidden to dance in bavaria for 70 hours now till sunday morning because some jebus died 2000 years ago . 
  got ta give them credit for trying at least . 
  on the other hand it might help them to understand english if they had subtitles instead . 
  i bet it helps the scandinavian economies a lot that most people speak english so well . 
  yeah , why not ? 
  the towns already have german names . 
  i think this sums it up quite well . 
  we 're not as a divided as it seems though . 
  the afd is only going to get so strong , they 'll implode eventually . 
  but the leading parties and media have lost a lot of credibility . 
  a more moderate afd with a strong leader might have been able to take on the two biggest parties . 
  but the country has changed , i 'd say the biggest change in my lifetime as i do n't remember the wall coming down . 
  you hear about it almost every day . 
  the problem is that everybody was doing it and the automotive industry is the backbone of our economy . 
  recently they tested the cars and all had 3x the nox output ( around 400-500mg / km ) , a renault laguna was even worse than the german cars at over 1000mg/km . 
  from what i 've read over the years : false sense of nostalgia , they often do n't even know how shitty their parents ' or grandparents ' home countries are . 
  then they 're trapped between seeing our liberal values and living inside archaic structures every day , hate is the easiest solution to deal with that discrepancy . 
  islam is a factor , they grow up with that , it often dominates their lifes and is legitimized by their entire surroundings . 
  it is not easy to accept different opinions , just look how the sanders and trump crowd can get wild and religion is on a much deeper personal level than politics . 
  also dictators like gaddafi or saddam beat the radicalism out of them which we wo n't . 
  lastly they often are fucking losers , just like other radicals . 
  people who need a psychiatrist . 
  easy prey for rat catchers . 
  if we 're going to have frequent attacks , people will get mad . 
  the right wing will rise . 
  we might have to give up a lot of freedom , everything will be monitored . 
  the destruction or loss of life wo n't change europe , its effects will . 
  the big question is how the muslim young in the next generations will think , islam needs to evolve from within . 
  they 'll be the majority eventually , hopefully these jihadist thoughts eventually die off just like the leftist terrorists in the 70s and 80s . 
  true , should be 6 lanes in 5 years . 
  but the a73 in n\u00fcrnberg is pretty bad and i do n't think they plan on changing that . 
  yes , that 's the problem here . 
  we certainly have lots of current or former is fighters in europe now . 
  but the real problem seems to be 2nd or 3rd generation young muslims . 
  with fewer opportunities , job loss through automated processes and even more young muslims in europe in the future , it will be a huge disaster if we do n't change our current policies or measures . 
  and the current immigrants come from even less developed parts of the world than previous immigrants . 
  not too many : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terrorism_in_the_european_union, 
  you ca n't let fear control you , just look at how america went insane after 9/11 . 
  it 's also extremely unlikely to get hurt by terrorists but that is a difficult topic . 
   it might be dumb i 'm only stating that it is controversial . 
  i have the same opinion as you do but there are also valid arguments that we ca n't blame the refugees an so forth ... 
  i 'm not scared of terrorists , i 'm more scared about the effects of these attacks . 
  just look at the morons in r/the _ donald . 
  they 're already proclaiming that europe is going to be a failed islamic state . 
  trump will gain from these attacks , the right wing in europe will grow even further especially since we 've got millions of muslims coming to europe uncontrolled now . 
  it might be ~ ~ dumb ~ ~ controversial to associate refugees with terrorists but it was clear from the start that many voters would just do that . 
  in the end a couple percent decide who wins elections , so that merkel idiot might actually have a negative effect on the entire world with her blind policies by helping not only the afd in germany , but also trump in the usa . 
  that punch looked really nasty . 
  the guy did n't even see it coming from the side . 
  we do n't know the whole background , maybe the did something to enrage them but that does n't change the fact that these people are aggressive assholes . 
  seems like single bright dots of north africa went dark . 
  it 's really hard to have an opinion on the topic tbh . 
  we do n't know anything . 
  great , so we strengthen erdogan 's position at home and abandon visa restrictions for a country that is partly a warzone ... 
  you 're generally much better off living in western europe even though there are nice and bad places in every country . 
  prague is totally different from the rest of the country . 
  but the czechs still carry the burden of 40 + years of dictatorship . 
  communism changed the people after all . 
  there is rampant corruption that is apparently pretty bad even for a eastern europe . 
  people are not takling very positive about the future and their country , seems quite negative mood over there . 
  no , actually we never glorified them in any way . 
  erdogan willingly started this shit , it 's also his fault that this is happening . 
  i remember how there were attacks all the time on the news when i was a kid , why start that again ? 
  it 's a bit unfair . 
  germany established an anti-nuclear culture in the 80s . 
  we do n't even call it `` nuclear power '' anymore it 's `` atomic power '' because that sounds closer to `` atomic bomb '' . 
  so you grow up surrounded by `` atomic power , no thank you '' stickers , teachers who complain about it etc. ... 
  yeah , they 've been equally disastrous . 
  still , you 'd expect more from merkel if you look at her background in physics and chemistry . 
  but she did that for political reasons , especially the green party suffered when she went all out on nuclear energy . 
  thanks to our incompetent merkel it went up from 40 to 54 % , partly because there was a tsunami on the other side of the world . 
  well , if you consider that the war has been raging for 5 years than it 's pretty clear that many of them have some fighting background , whether it 's isis , the rebels or the syrian army . 
  just look at this website : http://www.frbiu.com/militias-in-eu-160516061578158715761610-1605160416101588161015751578-16011610-15751608158515761575.html while i would not trust the website , it 's still pretty clear that we have lots of former fighters in the eu now . 
  [ my favourite version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wu_xv6kvoi4 ), 
  i 've wondered about that , too . 
  greece has a pretty good navy , they 've built it up over the years and make a cock-waving contest every day with the turkish navy . 
  but i ca n't see how they would bring the boat refugees back as they do n't have access to the shore in turkey . 
  https://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/ferdinand_peroutka that guy ? 
  i think our army is to crappy too bail them out this time . 
  sorry , bad use of quotation marks . 
  i meant the media 's overusage of the word `` human '' to get their point through . 
  of course they 're humans but that does n't give them the right to cross any border , especially with force . 
  nono , that 's totally not what i meant with the quotation marks . 
  my quotation marks were set poorly , i mean of course these people are humans but the thing is that the media uses words like `` refugees '' and `` humans '' way more than necessary . 
  they 're trying to make the immigrants look as good as possible . 
  they never use the word `` people '' or `` immigrants '' or `` syrians '' or `` mob '' etc.
