  russia pressured syria to block a gas pipeline to europe from iran which would have meant competition for russia . 
  so the west kind of supported the rebels briefly in the beginning . 
  but what is the alternative right now ? 
  coal plants can run 24/7 unlike wind and solar . 
  deutsche bahn is also messed up . 
  first it gets privatized for free , and now that it is private , we have to subsidize their monopoly business model . 
  prices have gone up , service down . 
  it 's gotten so bad that i rather use the car . 
  one trip to the uni would cost almost 10 $ now , that 50km car ride is 3-4 $ gas . 
  they even invest money in foreign companies like the london busses with all the money they receive . 
  not yet , but the lack of children will hit us soon . 
  also china is gaining fast , german companies are advancing but the chinese are catching up faster . 
  maybe they should understand that keeping 50 % of the population uneducated at home as breeding machines has kept muslim countries in their messed up state . 
  also makes me more mad , our generation 's children will go to school with the refugees ' kids and they possibly will have to deal with this shit . 
  totally unneccesary . 
  i hope you 're trolling . 
  do n't forget how people have lost faith in our government and media . 
  afd might only be at 10-15 % but a lot of people think that all major parties are unfit to govern . 
  they feel like nobody is asking them if they want this drastic change in the country . 
  i think she let the refugees in because it was popular at the time , reeaally popular . 
  maybe she even believed in it , she seemed genuine for the first time tbh . 
  companies were welcoming the new labor force but it did not seem like a huge point . 
  as of now the top dax companies have started to employ only double digit numbers of refugees altogether !, 
  that is highly laughable . 
  the problem in the beginning was that they were pushing people towards the ultra right ( afd ) because you were branded as a bad person by the media if you were `` anti refugee '' . 
  the mayor of t\u00fcbingen summed it very well , he is from the green party which is very left . 
  true . 
  that 's why we should at least pick them in refugee camps surrounding syria . 
  but yeah , most people live in a fairytale , we ca n't let millions in each time a war happens around the world . 
  and then we also face the threat of muslim parallel societies , the first generation apparently is mostly hard working and happy to be here but their kids already will seperate themselfes according to several studies . 
  i personally ca n't understand why have to deal with that shit after needing many centuries to diminish religion in europe . 
  and no , the european people today are not responsible for wars and we should not feel guilty because of globalism and old colonialism . 
  you 're right but this topic is about greece . 
  and when they enter eu territory , the problem of solidarity and allocation arises . 
  which is a major problem at the moment because it is tearing europe apart . 
  yes , this is the problem . 
  she chose the popular yet idiotic path then , only to flip flop once it turned foul . 
  where are all the crybabies who yelled `` we need to help , no matter what , borders are useless '' now ? 
  it is pure hypocrisy . 
  i really do n't know tbh , but the koruna has been quite stable since 2013 . 
  yes , these too . 
  help them instead of opening the borders to young men who are strong and brave enough to take the trip . 
  all the billions spend on refugees here could have helped more people in the affected countries . 
  hungary was only a small part of the whole event . 
  we had many months to deal with the situation , instead we let everyone in until tens of thousands crossed daily . 
  how many would have started the journey if germany had taken a tougher stand against immigration in mid 2015 ? 
  yes , but we accelerated that . 
  might be the wrong wording , of course nobody officially said that but it clearly was how we dealt with the situation . 
  anyone could see that . 
  merkel invited anyone , where is her good attitude now that the whole situation backfired on new years eve ? 
  she made a deal with erdogan to keep the refugees in turkey but the war is still going on . 
  europe is not united , no shit . 
  it 's been declining since 2009 , the refugee situation even seperated the countries more . 
  it 's time for drastic reforms and greece and italy need help to deal with the whole situation . 
  indirectly yes . 
  it was obvious we did n't have any borders last year to everyone . 
  merkel did n't exactly help with her statements . 
  the people saw it as a chance , future deportation seemed like a small threat in comparison . 
  you 'd be stupid for not trying . 
  well , the syrians only make up roughly 1/4 of the refugees . 
  our approach of let in first , then check if actual refugees totally backfired because everybody from central africa to bangladesh came . 
  then there is the problem you described as each country as a different opinion about the refugees . 
  what we need is a common policy and tight borders with easier legal ways to get here and distribution among all states . 
  right now we 're simply letting in the strongest , wealthiest and most reckless . 
  do n't worry , we 'll suddenly show more interest once erdogan opens the floodgates again . 
  i ca n't believe nobody in germany realizes that greece has to deal with tens of thousands of immigrants because we indirectly ~ ~ told ~ ~ signaled the world we 'd accept anyone . 
  edit : clarification, 
  nono , i mean countries like italy . 
  there is almost no improvement , really bad mood etc. 
  the cz on the other hand always has newer roads , more renovated towns etc. 
  each time i go there . 
  yeah , always nice to see improvement each time i visit . 
  seems much better compared to certain southern countries who remain in their apathy for so many years now . 
  idk man , when entire villages are openly ok with that . 
  then you have all the child brides which basically is also rape . 
  really hard to find any statistics , though . 
  but homosexuality and incest is higher in muslim countries as they are often starved of sex . 
  the catholic church is kind of hard to judge because most of the abuse happened long ago and it was hidden pretty well . 
  i 'd call it part of their culture though . 
  oh boy , i 'm sure most of them are n't rapists and they 're decent people . 
  but you ca n't compare joseph fritzl with what 's going on in these backwards villages on a much larger scale . 
  the problem is the number of assholes which is apparently pretty high in these countries . 
  it 's part of their culture . 
  there is this documentary that shows how basically all pakistani street boys are raped . 
  it features a boy who was raped for years , in the end he also started raping the little ones ... 
  there were also a couple threads on reddit how the us military tries to keep their soldiers from going on a rampage when they see how the elders rape the village boys . 
  many us soldiers confirmed that shit here ... 
  here you could be 34 and only witnessed 3 chancelllors . 
  also crazy , people grew up only knowing kohl or merkel . 
  i hope merkel gets destroyed in 2021 :(, 
  that conflict is so complex with everyone more or less involved with their self interests , it 's basically unsolvable . 
  our problem currently is that we have put ourself at erdogan 's mercy and we 've emotionally become so involved in the conflict that there is no way out of it . 
  at least i got lte or 3g on o2 all the time in the cr . 
  once you cross the border into germany , it 's edge until you 're almost in n\u00fcrnberg . 
  i know , this terrorism happened mostly in the 70s and 80s here . 
  that 's generations ago . 
  and these guys were n't running around with aks trying to kill as many people as possible . 
  also , it seems like you can handle the situation better . 
  open borders from syria till germany last year was unnecessary insanity . 
  what ?
