  german cash savers also get screwed heavily . 
  german traditionally hoard their money on regular bank accounts . 
  now they 'll use accounts above 100k to pay for failing banks in southern europe . 
  all while italians and the spanish people are more wealthy than germans because germans often do n't own any real estates . 
  this will harm the trust in our german banking system while boosting it in other countries . 
  you see them oftentimes in clubs now , or they got drunk on the streets because there is nothing to do . 
  women avoid them , they 're often small and wear cheap cloths and act kinda weird . 
  what i 've seen a couple times over the past weeks is that they do n't care about a `` no '' , they 'll keep forcing themselfes on girls much longer . 
  worst part are the old fucks in their late 30s to 50s who try to score a young girl , they 've been hanging around clubs when there is a teenage party under 16 or 18 . 
  those guys are n't the recent immigrants though . 
  found it again : https://mobile.twitter.com/eu_militiawatch?lang=de still , take it with a grain of salt . 
  who knows where the information is from and if it 's legit . 
  pictures speak for themselfes though . 
  here is the tweet , 9 days before the attack : https://mobile.twitter.com/eu_militiawatch/status/661874181961875456 edit : looks like it is a different guy . 
  some vigilante twitter account even posted his pictures before the attacks . 
  they have many more pictures . 
  mostly dudes holding aks like some gangsta , then smiling into the camera in some european city . 
  one guy even has a severed head in his hand in syria , next you see him on the streets in europe . 
  media is trying to paint a picture of `` profit for all people '' and `` a great chance for germany '' . 
  but how do they know that they 're getting a good employee ? 
  might be someone 's retarded nephew . 
  the problem here is also that large companies publish lots of open position that are already taken . 
  so you spend some time forging a letter for some non-existant job . 
  it should be about how well-suited someone is and not about his family . 
  outsiders ( in this case refugees ) are going to have a rough time even if they are well-educated . 
  you 'd think that multi-national corporations would try to keep that down . 
  it 's not nearly as bad in the states for example . 
  it 's not like nobody applies for these jobs . 
  these companies get hundreds of resumees from people who have much better cvs but prefer taking someone 's nephew . 
  you think that person is highly motivated ? 
  often pampered kids who do n't really feel like working hard . 
  exactly , and prior immigrant waves were totally different . 
  they were much better educated and culturally similar . 
  current wave is hopelessly behind in education . 
  a syrian 8th grader is 5 years behind a german pupil . 
  but the kids are n't even the problem as you can still educated them . 
  they 're estimating an additional 100.000 people on longtime-welfare who wo n't find a job in the next 10 years . 
  and 70 % of them will end up in low-end jobs ( catering , cleaning , security ) . 
  germany is n't the land of opportunity , it 's very hard to make it here . 
  lots of friends are currently entering the job market , most have a masters in engineering or economics . 
  they have to search for many months , even in regions that officially have almost no unemployment . 
  you know who always got a job right away ? 
  people with `` connections '' . 
  you would n't believe how common nepotism is here . 
  there is more to come next year . 
  refugees had to pay a lot to get smuggled in . 
  but the prices are dropping rapidly now . 
  camps are already destroying neighbourhoods ( video in german ) : http://www.ardmediathek.de/tv/fakt/die-soko-fl%c3%bcchtlingskriminalit%c3%a4t-in-brau/das-erste/video?documentid=32121318&amp;bcastid=310854 short : 3x as much theft , 50 % more felonies . 
  people do n't park their cars on the streets anymore , houses get constantly broken into . 
  refugees are getting drunk all the time , police needs to stop fights all the time . 
  especially north africans and balkan refugees are violent . 
  that comment was sarcastic . 
  more guns always means less security . 
  it would be fine in the us because of all the [ concealed carries ] ( https://twitter.com/newtgingrich/status/665312487147896832 ) . 
  he 'd be down in a second ... or it would end up in an even bigger bloodbath . 
  sometimes these courts are the only thing that works . 
  they were showing this self-declared judge in berlin who is living off welfare . 
  he is the go-to guy for their community , responsible for family feuds and so forth . 
  the shithead proudly walked the streets while the tv team filmed him , showing how he knew everyone and how he was respected . 
  they do n't listen to german judges , if they have trouble , some kid in the family takes the blame and some mild sentence . 
  our justicy system really ca n't cope with criminals when they 're being protected by an entire community . 
  and the guys often play a nicer joseph fritzl with their wifes . 
  you see so many muslim women walking behind their `` manly '' men who remind you of shy little girls even though they are adults . 
  heads down , uncomfortable look , no eye contact , always fixed on their husbands ... 
  and how many years have the fought in the courts because of the frankfurt or munich airports ? 
  must have been decades . 
  now you 've got groups of somalis , afghanis , syrians wandering your backyard without the government even telling you beforehand . 
  nobody even did a background check on them ... 
  i 'm not trying to defend arson here , just trying to explain why people do that shit ( at least here in germany ) . 
  people are scared and/or feel defenseless against having these mass-shelters or centers set up close to their homes . 
  that 's why some idiots resort to arson . 
  they do n't see another way as politicians seem to have abandoned them . 
  yesterday someone complained on tv that they 'll get 3000 refugees 30 meters from their backyard . 
  no one told them and they ca n't do anything about it . 
  that 's probably going to render your home worthless and i 'd be scared to have thousands of people from all over the world in my backyard . 
  pff , we 're selecting already . 
  we only take people who are strong and rich enough to make it to our borders . 
  fuck the rest . 
  listen to any arab conversation , it 's all `` allahu akbar '' just like americans say `` oh my gawd '' all the time . 
  you do n't even notice what you 're actually saying . 
  ca n't decide which one i like less . 
  putin is more powerful but erdogan makes up for it with his craziness . 
  i think there are many other goals . 
  it all started with gas pipelines which would have been kinda good for us europeans . 
  that 's why we let this mess happen in the beginning . 
  assad was blocking the pipeline . 
  right now putin is enjoying the media 's attention , he 's back from being the bad guy who attacked ukraine . 
  plus he can bomb his buddy assad 's enemy . 
  a win-win situation . 
  he 's keeping his gas-monopoly , he 's becoming our ally again , he can bomb people and he is showing how fucked up nato is like you said . 
  he did n't start the war . 
  the war was intentionally started by western interests , the gulf states and turkey who wanted a pipeline through syria . 
  russia did n't want that competition . 
  that 's why they 're bombing the rebels more than isis , they are the ones sitting at assad 's doors . 
  https://medium.com/insurge-intelligence/europe-is-harbouring-the-islamic-state-s-backers-d24db3a24a40#.ise1i79vy also an excellent article . 
  just got deleted on this sub ... 
  goes one level deeper . 
  turkey actually needs assad to be gone . 
  the kurds are 1 ) fighting the guys fighting assad 2 ) never to be allowed to become strong and independent . 
  great overview i believe .
