  the countries were mixing for quite some time before shit happened . 
  currently this is not possible and it does n't make much sense . 
  amazon is a known for their efficiency , they 'd have done this if it was better for them . 
  plus the current logistics companies have built up and perfected their networks over the years , changing to a system without borders would be an extremely huge task . 
  just because two towns are close to each other also does n't always mean you should be supplying them from the same hub or storage facility . 
  it makes sense to send a package to your neighbour for hundreds of kilometers because of economics of scale and so forth . 
  then most packages do n't leave their country , why should dhl and others change their system because of amazon ? 
  it is large but small in comparison to the entire market . 
  if you want to buy something from a amazon.fr or amazon.it , you can do that without a problem . 
  there are websites that compare amazon prices around europe and many people order from `` foreign '' amazon sites already . 
  shitty article . 
  they take their date from http://www.spritmonitor.de/ but do n't mention which engine or how the people were driving . 
  i drive the pictured c-class that `` needs 40-50 % more '' with almost a liter less than the manufacturer claims if i want to . 
  the claimed consumption is really no problem to achieve , you do n't even have to drive slow . 
  car emissions are also only a small factor considering the attention . 
  had the same experience with ford . 
  car needs about a liter more than claimed . 
  worst part is that it needed thousands in repairs and broke down again with the same problem again and again ... benz however is pretty acurate . 
  4.4 l was claimed , i even managed 3.6 l on my commute with some city traffic . 
  5l if you go between 140-160km / h on the autobahn . 
  do n't buy any of these shitty small engine cars , their consumption goes through the roof if hit the pedal once or go faster than 110km/h . 
  interesting . 
  looks very similar to the current highway system . 
  things have definitely changed , you see them almost everywhere you go . 
  even when i was running in the woods . 
  however you probably wo n't notice a change when you live in a major city , these have been more diverse before . 
  a marshall plan is not going to work in fucking africa . 
  they all lack the education the germans had . 
  germany was a scientific powerhouse in the 20s and 30s , that wirtschafswunder did n't happen because of some magic plan . 
  companies and countries would love to invest in africa , but what can you invest into ? 
  they 're unable to do pretty simple tasks over there , all you have are crappy construction or agrarian companies with shady business men behind them . 
  and btw , the marshall plan was really not that much money , it was more of a propaganda thing . 
  it was nothing in comparison to the damage done by the allies after the war . 
  they took entire factories and think about all the patents , know how etc. . . 
  i remember how the iraqis were proclaiming their upcoming german-style economic rise in 2003 . 
  look what happened dispite all the billions spent by the usa there to rebuild . 
  ** education is the most important , just look how the us dumbed down their high schools and what they voted for now . 
  that would help us a lot atm . 
  but no one is going to build a hydroelectric power reservoir , even the current ones do n't really make any profits . 
  while having an average 1/3 salary of their german counterparts . 
  and they pay more , things are much more expensive there if you go to a rossmann or dm . 
  only bakeries , restaurants and other services are cheaper than in germany . 
  coal is n't profitable anymore , green sources have lowered the energy prices a lot . 
  but these power plants are needed to cover the basic load , solar energy and windmills can not cover that . 
  currently conventional fossil-fuel power power plants have to be shut down and booted again all the time because green sources produce too much energy for the grid . 
  when there is no wind or sun , these power plants are running at maximum capacity . 
  these two things put a lot of stress on the power plants , lowering their lifetime and raising the need for spare parts . 
  but since there is no money , they 're not properly maintaining these anymore . 
  building new power plants is out of the question but we 'll need them soon . 
  our politicians really fucked us here . 
  we pay billions because a tsunami destroyed a nuclear power plant in japan . 
  and our grid will certainly become vulneralbe , power outages are unheard of in germany . 
  and do n't even get me started about plant construction business , we used to be a leader in that field , now genereal electric and others make us look like dwarfs . 
  instead we 're importing cheap solar panels from china so we can feel like we 're saving the world . 
  shit will go down sooner or later . 
  our thermal power plants are running in extremely unhealthly modes ( they need to adjust them all the time ) because of green power . 
  and nobody is spending money on repairs/maintance anymore . 
  this will eventually lead to material failure much earlier than intented . 
  pff , frankfurt has already established a good enough supply of cocaine and hookers, 
  to be fair , i would n't call most of them djs anymore . 
  they produce shitty pop music and play their usb sticks at events . 
  what ? 
  they 're kinda cute . 
  imagine dwarfs walking the streets while holding hands . 
  again , i 'm talking about single cases and what my banker friends observed . 
  and yes , there are cases where they send thousands that they receive as welfare home per month , idk how they get it . 
  dude , you 're totally missing my point , i 'm not comparing total numbers here . 
  the romanians and bulgarians are literally ripping off the state , the refugees only get a small allowance . 
  of course the refugees will cost more in the end , their number is simply much larger . 
  but they are n't sending home thousands per month because they somehow managed to exploit the system . 
  i do n't know , they have to deal with them on a daily basis and my friends are rather left leaning . 
  they said themselfes that it 's sometimes hard not to become racist . 
  but you seem to know everything much better because you looked up a couple numbers . 
  both things are upsetting . 
  we 've got lots of welfare tourism plus 100 billion eur were scheduled for the refugees . 
  on the other hand we have lots of hidden poverty and many cuts have been made in the past decades . 
  the bankers do n't have much contact with refugees , they think the pocket money the refugees receive is peanuts in comparison to the abuse by eu immigrants . 
  yeah , it 'll be a shitstorm like i said . 
  i 've seen so many of them faking tears on camera and our media always takes it as true . 
  politically it should not be such a big problem as long as europe stands together . 
  we 'll get our hands dirty and bloody but the other option is a deeply divided europe , civil unrest and possibly parallel worlds with ghettos and gated communities in the future . 
  it 's annectodal evidence but i know a few bankers and they are all fucking pissed at these scumbags . 
  the people who abuse the system get more money than the poor honest romanian workers ( also plenty ) . 
  on the other hand you have plenty of germans who work their asses off and still have to live from paycheck to paycheck . 
  you 've got hungry grandmas coming in in the middle of the month asking for money . 
  try to explain to them where the 100 billion for the refugees suddenly came from . 
  give them two options : back to where they boarded the ships or tell us where . 
  yeah , that would be a media shitstorm so it might be impossible . 
  but i do n't see any other option . 
  we simply ca n't have open borders in today 's world anymore . 
  hell , the system does n't really work inside the eu . 
  you really do n't want to know how many romanians and bulgarians abuse our welfare state system ... 
  they need to be send back , it 's the only option . 
  right now word is out all over the world that you can easily get into germany where they will take care of you and they wo n't send you back . 
  entire african villages are apparently preparing to come here . 
  after we made it clear that there is no illegal way into europe , we need open easy legal paths so we can control it . 
  otherwise we 'll get flooded eventually , the smugglers will only get richer and more powerful with time . 
  but i do n't think it 'll get this far , we 'll have civil unrest before that all over europe . 
  only fortress europe can work now , otherwise your only requirements to get here are money and physical strength . 
  now you 've got thousands camping at the swiss border , trying to get into germany .
