  first you encourage the refugee wave , when it gets out of control you make a deal with a wannabe dictator . 
  now we 're unprepared again . 
  let 's see how merkel reacts in a couple months . 
  merkel 's policy of waiting and then reacting is not going to work here . 
  how come our government has no foresight ? 
  ulm has a shitload of refugees . 
  schw\u00f6rmontag there were literally hundreds of them , some of them with backpacks in the packed crowds \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  that 's an unfair comparison . 
  it 's been a while since we had people on the streets in europe who wanted to kill . 
  terrorism changes the way people live and feel . 
  just look at israel , the people are in a constant of alert . 
  i bet the attacks changed how people feel in france . 
  and look how fucking le pen is doing now . 
  merkel is n't the leader of the free world . 
  german media is somewhat biased , though most of it is self-censorship . 
  i 'd go as far as blaming merkel for the current situation . 
  her retarded open border insanity pushed people towards brexit and trump . 
  no one can deny that . 
  well , the czechs drink their weak-ass 4 % beer . 
  we easily outdrink them in bavaria :d, 
  74 % are single men ... 
  yay , so we can further encourage human trafficing importing women like cattle . 
  this argument by the left that all these young men can import a wife is rather disturbing and unrealistic . 
  we 're clearly choosing the fittest and strongest only . 
  fuck families , women , the poor ... 
  greece would send 300 of its finest soldiers to defend a bottleneck point . 
  that would stop turkey for days !, 
  the thing is while many foreign workers work their asses off in our factories for shitmoney , there are too many coming here to exploit the system . 
  my almost previously all-white town is 50 % 3rd world suddenly . 
  gypsies are constantly knocking on our door , there have been a couple armed robberies . 
  we 're paying a huge price for our openness and currently people do n't care too much . 
  and the regular worker here does n't see much of this economic strength , earning his 2k a month working at some mid-sized company that 's the world leader for their tiny niche product . 
  but let there be an economic downturn and things will be bad . 
  people will be pissed when there is suddenly no money and few jobs . 
  i genuinely believe many people do n't like kids here . 
  many girls in my school already had decided not to have kids . 
  i ca n't remember how many times some old grumpy men flipped their shit at us when we were kids , it 's totally different in other countries . 
  to many theey 're simply an annoyance ... 
  germany is heading for a fucking cliff . 
  energy reforms are a straight out disaster ( 25bn/year ) the cities are filled with 3rd world immigrants who might never be able to fit into the job market ( ~ 20bn/year ) . 
  aging demographic is likely the biggest disaster . 
  the car industry which involves about every company around will get in trouble when switching to electric engines . 
  our school system has become a joke , college is much easier than before . 
  the state continues to bleed the middle class while gov income and spending are going through the roof every year . 
  taxes are a burden like never before , at relatively modest 54000 $ / year you 're already paying the highest rate of 42 % . 
  housing is unaffordable , even a couple working for bmw wo n't be able to afford a house close in munich . 
  but yeah , everything is ok and mutti is going to do nothing until she has to do something . 
  i misread the headlines , it was his brother georg . 
  well , ratzinger was quite the known child abuser himself and became pope only a decade ago . 
  i 'm talking about a minor boss with a group of students . 
  and yes , girls who were studying with me were treated differently when they applied for positions , some got positions way better than expected . 
  positions where you need excellent grades , many internships etc. 
  to even be considered . 
  it 's not mens ' fault that women do n't study engineering as much as men . 
  nobody cares that fewer men study medicine or acquire the abitur . 
  have fun getting a job . 
  major companies all prefer women in their hiring processes , they even said it right into our faces . 
  how dare you criticize the most awesome person on the planet . 
  they 're all rather small , even erdogan hat 183cm ( 6ft ) stands out . 
  i got ta ask , is it true ? 
  in my experience ( smaller town ) czechs are actually quite superstitious and pretty religious . 
  [ and here with  320km/h ] ( http://einfachgefragt.com.dd20604.kasserver.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/bildschirmfoto-2015-03-13-um-18.39.23-500x489.png ), 
  i do n't think so , richer greeks parked their money abroad . 
  it will eventually start trickling back once there is a tiny bit of confidence . 
  women who say it 's a cultural thing or a sign of modesty piss me off . 
  it 's like wearing a swastika in europe and saying `` nah , it 's not nazi stuff , much older '' . 
  how can you wear something that screams oppression of women ?? 
  i 'm thinking the same will eventually happen in other european countries . 
  how can you deal with savages without becoming one yourself ? 
  nah , the us is quite protective . 
  they 'd go after eu companies if we did that . 
  yeah , fuck these companies with their often useless and overhyped `` services '' . 
  they 're sucking out all our data and selling it while creating almost no jobs in europe and paying no taxes . 
  i know of a much better suited language ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  yes , the average worker is pretty poor even after years of `` ausbildung '' . 
  my banker friends keep saying that you 're kind of rich if you 're earning above 2000 $ a month . 
  people only have a few hundred euros left after paying taxes , apartment , car and phone . 
  not surprise . 
  here people were fighting on who gets to house refugees . 
  the biggest profiteer was the fucking catholic church of course . 
  put them into some large hall and get money as if you 're a hotel . 
  the mafia might profit im italy atm , but these people will likely be their competition in the future . 
  but is n't that especially bad in abrahamic religions ? 
  that region has a messed up attitude about sex and women . 
  this virginity obsession stems from their desire to own women . 
  we 'd probably have a much more open view on sexuality if the romans had beaten down christianity . 
  it 's an invention by smalled-cocked insecure assholes who want to own women . 
  what about the muslim obsession with virgins ? 
  i remember how the older muslim guys were hanging out in front of clubs here when there were under 16 parties . 
  this question was asked in r/history and r/askhistorians many times . 
  i think generally the soviet union heavily relied on allied support and it was tired , the war had dragged on for years . 
  the allies had massive resources and remember that the germans were n't even properly prepared ( troops not fit for combat , no trucks ) when they launched the attack on russia . 
  the bomb would have also made a difference , you can take out huge strategic targets . 
  but nobody wanted war , it 's just that eastern europe might have heavily benefit if the americans had taken a more offensive stance against stalin . 
  but `` uncle joe '' was not even a villan to them until after the war . 
  i do n't think stalin would have risked war if the us told him to leave poland or the czechoslovakia alone . 
  i believe that the general consensus is that they would have made the difference . 
  the threat alone was extremely powerful . 
  the british had no business giving away the countries . 
  you can divide germany among yourselfs but churchill had no business signing off eastern europe .
