  niersbach is an useless poser and beckenbauer is dumb . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://youtu.be/ipvbk3sbd4y ), 
  some moved in , some protested , some simply vanished , some demanded an immediate busticket to austria . 
  same in germany . 
  70 refugees refused to be moved into a gym . 
  the media was taking pictures of them , so they were taking pictures of the media in retaliation ... with their brand [ new samsung galaxy phones ] ( https://mopo24.de/files/presse/images/redaktion/archiv/jahr-2015/monat-10/tag-09/37/img_9652.jpg ) . 
  not surprising , they probably had a better life than many europeans back at home . 
  is n't that easy to get the $ 10k together for the trip . 
  unrelated , the stabbing happened much more recently . 
  it remains on local news , some news outlets even try to hide the attacker 's description . 
  of course these are single cases and there is no way to tell if the refugees are more criminal but the media should try to be more objective here . 
  today they were saying that there are constant clashes in some refugee home in the city . 
  the discussion then goes like this : `` we should understand the behavior , these people come from conflict zones and are cramped into a small area . 
  we should give them more living space . '', 
  yeah , a bus driver who was welcoming the refugees was a hit in the media for a couple days , partly because a famous tv host got emotional when reporting it . 
  his colleague in the same city got stabbed in the stomach by some english speaking , darker skinned youngster . 
  guy escaped with the busdriver 's cash box . 
  might not actually have been a refugee but it does certainly look the way . 
  it 's a fallacy to point fingers at all the refugees , still kind of ironic . 
  he certainly accomplished something on reddit . 
  we 've become the scapegoats of europe now . 
  kinda like you 're the scapegoats for everything in the world . 
  yeah , they 're certainly nuts . 
  i saw two rallies . 
  almost feel bad for the idiots , bunch of old angry men surrounded by thousands of older hippies and young activists :d as far as i can see , politicians are not really arguing about how to stop the current influx of people but about the distribution , money etc. 
  i really have n't seen any major newspaper that is against the immigration . 
  it 's just different opinions about how much germany can take and how they can be integrated into society . 
  no tide is turning . 
  you should listen to the media . 
  bashing pegida and then you have politicians trying to beat each others ' human kindness . 
  we really need a less biased discussion , it 's splitting more and more between the far right and all-happy-welcome groups . 
  still do n't know why reddit always had a boner for that guy . 
  whats up with the `` chick brawl '' south of pisa ? 
  we are the largest eu country and our economy is doing well at the moment but there are countries in the eu that are richer . 
  eastern europe has lots of catching up to do but the situation has improved a lot there over the past two decades . 
  look at the median income ( ppp adjusted ) , it 's just one factor but you can see that czn and svn already overtook some southern european countries : https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/32bo6t/median_income_per_capita_in_europe_ppp_adjusted_oc/, 
  she 's criticising the eastern european stance on immigrants which is oftentimes a total `` no '' . 
  i think she is wrong here , but she has a point from her humanitarian standpoint . 
  also germany is n't that rich , what a retarded analogy . 
  yes , they are fucking confirming the stereotypes . 
  i 'm sorry that there are stereotypes but when you see young muslim men go on a rampage in germany like you 've seen on tv your entire life , then they 're confirming the stereotypes . 
  and when they 're teaming up in ethnic groups to go against each other , that 's racism . 
  so one type of racism is worse because it hurts one side more than the other ? 
  dude , that 's messed up , both types are equally bad and eventually the racism will hurt both sides . 
  just look at south africa now ... 
  confirmation bias ? 
  the immigrants in the video are confirming the stereotypes here , that 's what i meant , how is it biased ? 
  and spiegel is more left than right wing . 
   but some forms of racism can be more dangerous than others . 
  the reason being that a minority is in a weak position . 
  a black person in germany that has negative stereotypes about white people is almost never in a position to disadvantage white people . 
  even if all black people do it . 
  what the hell ?? 
  alright , here is rough overview of what is going on in the video : there were violent clashes over the past few weeks , the violence has been growing over time . 
  in one case an immigrant ripped pages from the quran and the whole asylum home went berserk , resulting in many arrests and injured cops , lots of damage . 
  another camp had hundreds going against each other over a trivial thing . 
  some drunk guy hit on a girl from a different country , so peope from both countries brawled for hours . 
  another brawl between 200 pakistanis and 70 albanians happened because someone skipped the food line . 
  then elsewhere there were syrians fighting afghanis throughout the night . 
  they disassamble their bedframes to build metal clubs . 
  in the end you see an antifa camp that is catering better , fresh and familiar food to the refugees and giving them more `` space to breath . '', 
  but even there arguments are erupting , you can see one dude who had proudly condemned the huge fight before , having an argument . 
  as soon as the camera turns , they start to smile and desperse saying `` haha , it 's nothing , we were just going to have a smoke over there '' . 
  one guy is painting a protest sign saying : `` i 'm writing our demands here , everybody in the camp has these . 
  what is the future for our children , we want to know precisly what germany meant when they were saying welcome . 
  we do n't want empty words . '', 
  older dude says : `` it 's all because of the chaotic circumstances here , in the arabic culture men and women use seperated toilets , there are no men and women living together '' other old dude says `` they are justifying this with the arrival of more and more refugees , but why do they bring more and more people here ? '', 
  younger dude interrupts : `` these are circumstances like under the assad regime , they 've [ the germans ] learned from assad '', 
  i 've seen a pegida demo , they are a bunch of old angry men , we really should n't praise them . 
  but i feel bad for the people who are simply scared of the immigrants and go to protest , only to be treated like the lowest scum by media and politicians . 
  this will alienate many people , they 've done nothing wrong in their opinion , they 're paying taxes and doing their jobs and now they ca n't voice their opinion . 
  all while the media tries to make the refugees look as good as it can ( although that has changed a bit in the past couple of days ) . 
  this video is very shocking : http://www.spiegel.tv/filme/gewalt-fluechtlingscamps/ i can see how fights happen when you put many people into a small space . 
  but it really looks like many immigrants are as ungrateful , racist and bigoted as many expected . 
  you often get weird looks and i heard the word `` skop\u010d\u00e1ci '' a couple times . 
  subject is fluidmechanics . 
  kind of like regular technical mechanics , only with fluids . 
  really do n't know why we had to do that , my major is 50/50 engineering and economics . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/sh/wr6ef9o5zm3xmh6/aadpszrsaepg9swgnipxf9-ga/str%c3%b6mungsmechanik/aufgabenzusammenstellung%20ws2014.pdf?dl=0 ) is one i found . 
  it 's all in german , but you get the idea . 
  fyi , i go to a university for applied science . 
  so it 's a bit more about applying what you 've learned but regular universities go deeper into the subjects . 
  i really do n't know , that 's what i 've heard over the years . 
  i believe your universities are better at teaching , it is a different approach . 
  in germany it 's all about checking if you can survive the tests . 
  i 'm almost finished with all bachelor exams in engineering and feel like i 've learned nothing even though i studied my ass off . 
  undergraduates in germany generally are much more advanced when they enter university , it 's hard to compare but i 'd say that it would be like taking ap classes only in high school to be allowed to go to college . 
  yeah , germany is a weird case . 
  our unis are relatively underrated , especially when compared to their us counterparts . 
  but everyone i know who went over there said how easy it was in comparison . 
  plus it depends on the student how well they are educated . 
  someone with bad grades probably only knows the basics and unfortunately universities are letting more and more students pass today . 
  i 'm really not that bright and could n't believe how i passed some of my finals . 
  they do n't help the environment that much anyway and batteries are hard to dispose . 
  surely a step in the right direction , but we need renewable resources first . 
  then the electric car makes much more sense . 
  cars are kinda overrated , just think about how long they are sitting in the garage while costing tens of thousands . 
  that 's just current politics . 
  you guys share 811km of border with us and are one of the few countries to have positive trade balance with us . 
  i 'd even say , the czechs are culturally more similar to us than the italians or french .
