  the curse the italians for their treatment and only want germany because of money . 
  it 's always the same when you turn on the tv , `` i want this , i want that '' . 
  fuck that , our freedom does n't mean that you get what you want . 
  it is insanity . 
  we got our cities filled with young men from countries with the worst education possible . 
  just so people could feel better about themselfes . 
  it 's a mix of germany 's culture of shame , 1968 leftist mindset and also pure arrogance ( `` we can do it '' ) . 
  it 's the dumbest thing the country has done in a long time , almost all of them are economic immigrants but we have classified all of them as refugees . 
  now we have to deal with millions of people who are totally unfit to integrate into society and workforce . 
  now we have to deal with the rise of the far right , looking at the comments on newspapers ' websites shows how angry and disconnected people have become in such a short time . 
  how are we going to deal with people who came here because they simply had the chance to live in one of the wealthiest countries in the world when we still have problems to integrate some third generation turks whose parents and grandparents came here to work . 
  i think the last thing germany has done was cherry picking . 
  there are some restrictions , though . 
  my city does n't allow open alcohol like in the us in the city center . 
  and bars and restaurants need to close at 11 pm outside , inside they have to close at 5 am . 
  add that fact that dancing and loud music is forbidden on about 5 weekend days per year and it looks pretty restrictive to me . 
  i hope word does n't get around , people from all over the world might try to come here . 
  it 'll be fun when trump is elected . 
  `` fuck you , america '' `` i 'll fuck you harder and make you beg for it , fucking filipino '' . 
  does n't matter , someone is always drunk . 
  i 've seen drunk germans yelling `` go back to your country '' in a few places already . 
  some of the refugees are also quite agressive , they often get drunk many times a week and a few openly show violent behavior . 
  but that 's just my personal ( limited ) experience . 
  that 's bound to happen . 
  i 've seen a couple drunk germans flipping their shit on some migrants already . 
  many people are pissed off but it 's still hidden . 
  alcohol reveals that quite a bit . 
  they are but it can take up to 6 months for them to answer . 
  then there is almost always someone better suited for the job . 
  they get hundreds of applications for each position . 
  also these positions are only online because they have to publish a certain amount openly ( that 's what i 've been told , not sure though ) and most positions are distributed `` internally '' . 
  lots of nepotism going on . 
  2000 is the median, 
  it really is n't that easy , i know lots of engineering graduates . 
  sure , you 'll quickly find an underpaid job through an agency but with average grades you 'll be looking for a job for quite a while even if you 're not aiming for dax companies . 
  the median income is 2100 $ atm i think . 
  but there is a huge chunk of the population ( hair dressers , bakers , factory workers , etc. ), 
  who work their asses off for ~ 1500 $ / month . 
  i also know a few bankers and the stories they tell are pretty cruel , there a lot of extremely poor people , you just do n't know about it . 
  it 's still better than southern europe where you literally have to suck dick to get a job . 
  but yeah , things are n't that great here . 
  if you earn  2000 $ , then you are already a pretty good earner . 
  and do n't even get me started about our `` awesome '' job market , i live in one of the strongest economic regions and you still have to search for many months to find a job as an engineer if you do n't have any connections . 
  it 's about the unique czech style in these pictures , we also have lots of beautiful places but it 's different . 
  i like how simple these buildings often look or the round rooftops . 
  and you know , much was destroyed during the war , check out this video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxaoenuotoc, 
  yeah , but hey there is visible improvement each time i visit . 
  just think about how bad it was 15 or 20 years ago . 
  the grey skyscrapers will fall eventually . 
  beautiful . 
  their town center can be very similar . 
  but some these places look really crappy except for where the picture was taken , towns will improve once they tear down the shitty communist buildings . 
  i do n't have any direct contact with them , only played street soccer a couple times with them . 
  they were quite friendly , except for a couple exceptions from africa . 
  other contact is ... yeah at the supermarket , street and so forth . 
  there were a few stories that were hyped in the media like : refugees pull far-right politician from car wreck ( was totally out of context ) refugee returns wallet he found with lots of money inside . 
  defense minister ursula von der leyen has taken in a horse-riding , medical student refugee . 
  refugees feed elderly couple who thought the refugee home was a restaurant . 
  or some bus driver in my hometown was welcoming refugees which made a prime-time tv presenter cry . 
  totally huge wave of sympathy for the guy . 
  a couple weeks later a colleague bus driver of his gets stabbed by a refugee but no one bats an eye . 
  you also get a lot of teary stories on tv by refugees like `` my < insert family member  was killed in front of my eyes '' . 
  there is no way to know if they 're telling the truth and i bet many stories are true . 
  one guy was crying on prime-time tv about his dad but it was very obvious that he was pretending . 
  edit : just realized i did n't answer your question . 
  well , right after the attacks of ansbach and w\u00fcrzburg they were explaining how it is much more likely to die of many other things and how we just have to deal with it now . 
  then a couple sob stories followed on the evening news . 
  i ca n't stand this bullshit , germans always had a certain arrogance and ard and zdf act like they have to educate or calm the people now . 
  presumptious shit , as if their opinion is the only one that counts . 
  many people are pissed off . 
  we have refugees everywhere now because they do n't have anything to do , so they walk the streets all day . 
  the media has n't changed much , after each small attack we 'll get bombarded with `` good refugee '' stories . 
  at the same time they use any chance to attack the new right wing , which is n't hard because they 're dumb assholes . 
  but still no objective discussions . 
  i mean , most of these are really friendly and nice people . 
  it 's nice to see a large syrian family camping out on a sunday instead of them having to stay in a warzone but what are we going to do with these people ? 
  you can literally see the tribal structures . 
  and the fuck are people doing here who look like they 're from india or china ? 
  say what you want about them , but we got ta blame ourselfs for this . 
  we need fortress europe and harsh policies against trespassers . 
  and we need to expand legal ways into europe with the participation of every nation . 
  entrance into europe needs to be tied to certain criteria , now the criteria to get here are recklessness , money and physical fitness . 
  i do n't think it will be thaaat bad , this is mostly a loud minority and most people just want a good life without harming anyone . 
  but we are going to see a divided society with lots of populist bs from both sides , just look how the far right is gaining in europe and the political climate has become `` rough '' . 
  shit , just go out at night . 
  i 've seen drunk germans totally flipping their shit when they saw a group of africans downtown , made me feel bad for them . 
  you ca n't really blame them for coming here after we basically stopped having borders to 3rd world countries . 
  but people are pissed off , even though they 'll only tell you in private ( or when shitfaced ) . 
  i wonder how merkel thought that suddenly having young men from central asia to central africa running around your neighbourhood was n't going to change the mood in the public . 
  crime or violence is n't even the worst part . 
  essentially merkel has changed our country forever in just a few months . 
  i do n't see how these people will be able to contribute to our high-tech society in even a decade , they come from countries with shitty education and values that keep them from advancing . 
  we 'll have a new low class that most likely wo n't associate with our country and values . 
  because she ca n't get away with changing her position now . 
  the whole world is watching her , she used to adapt her position on other topics but this is just too big . 
  yes , they do n't drink as much as northern europeans but they do drink while eating . 
  they stop afterwards while we get wasted . 
  but people really do n't have money right now , they spend the smallest amount possible when going out . 
  it was around 8-9 $ did in tourist places , central places and so forth . 
  gypsies have cleaning out many houses in the area , fuckers have been `` visiting '' us every weekend in the summer shortly after sunset .
