  as a women you often get treated like a second class citizen . 
  no handshake , no respect . 
  female doctor ? 
  hell no !, 
  refugees are often first class assholes . 
  you put in a lot of effort to get them new clothing and strollers for the kids . 
  - `` meh , i do n't like that , get me a different one . '', 
  you organize donations for christmas presents . 
  reaction : `` christmas ? 
  what 's that ? 
  oh , a christian holiday ? 
  i wo n't take any presents from christians . '', 
  trying to teach them to be generous : could you donate 1 $ for the clothing you just received ? 
  - `` i 'll sue your ass you cunt , you ai n't taking my money . '', 
  and it 's getting worse , in the beginning it was mostly richer syrians who spoke english and so forth . 
  now it is scum from all over the world , they often even refuse to take their once-a-week mandatory german class . 
  `` i demand a translator '' ... 
  they steal a lot , even from staff , they broke into the storage room , then started fighting each other for the contents until police arrived . 
  the whole area is littered with human poop . 
  there were nice moments and extremely nice people too . 
  but the lady could n't take the shit anymore , especially the new waves of scumbags . 
  seeing the desperation in this really nice woman was scary as hell . 
  i mean , what do our politicians expect ? 
  the whole arabic world creates the same amount of patents as our federal state of hessen . 
  the reasons why these regions are so far behind is deeply rooted in their societies . 
  it 's not simply oppressive leaders or former colonialism . 
  we are not enriching our culture , we are importing humans who 'll likely be a burden on society for many decades . 
  we still feel guilty about the hitler stuff . 
  racism is a huge taboo in germany . 
  best comment came from claudia roth , warning of `` general suspicion '' of refugees : `` it is not like we can say now , that 's typical north africa , which is typical for refugees '' then she goes on : `` this is about male violence and this is about the attempt to exploit a situation - new year 's eve - as that would be a legal vacuum . '', 
  usually it 's the other way around . 
  glad to see you like prague . 
  language got ta be a pain to learn . 
  btw , lots of german companies have offices in prague now , you might be able to get german-level wages that way . 
  yeah , it 's pretty easy to get guns in eastern europe . 
  interesting , german username , american parents , lives in cz . 
  but if you grow up in the ghetto or trailer park , you 're fucked . 
  there are many areas that are even more run down than the worst parts of the czech republic . 
  the last we want in europe is more guns , more trigger happy cops and even greater discrepancies between rich and poor . 
  just googled it . 
  it 's from the middle ages , originating from `` it 's not good to eat cherries with a nobleman , he 'll spit the pip at you '' . 
  now it simply means that someone is hard to get along with . 
  sorry if that did not make any sense , i am very drunk atm . 
  just came back from the club . 
  fuck , tomorrow is going to suck really bad ... 
  police prison vans were overcrowded already . 
  there are many problems . 
  you ca n't send them back if they 've been persecuted in their home countries . 
  how do you sort out the `` bad '' guys ? 
  how do you bring them back if they wo n't tell you where they came from ? 
  can you stigmatize an entire group when around 11 % already have a criminal record in 2015 in germany ? 
  this list goes on and on . 
  overwhelmed . 
  we 've been cutting the police force for years and the entire system is pretty gentle to violent people . 
  now we 'll have to give up that freedom . 
  some bouncer who was in the middle of it tells his story : http://www.t-online.de/nachrichten/panorama/kriminalitaet/id_76558162/uebergriffe-in-koeln-was-ein-tuersteher-an-silvester-erlebte.html pretty much a carnage all night , much of it between the immigrants . 
  one guy was head-stomping another unconscious guy , another attacked a policewoman . 
  both were released because the police did n't know where to put them . 
  now it looks like this happened in other cities , too . 
  not on such a large scale but similar incidents . 
  cultural thing by now . 
  as we 're nearing 30 , nobody around me has kids . 
  i do n't think anybody is even considering it . 
  also lots of singles . 
  if you live in the us at my age , then you 're surrounded by friends with kids . 
  you are used to having kids around and you 're confronted by the fact that many close friends have kids . 
  here it just feels so foreign . 
  then germans are n't very spontaneous , things have to be planned . 
  so you want to finish your degree , get your career going and travel the world before you settle down . 
  i mostly see moms with their stroller that would easily pass as a grandmother in the us . 
  they 're rarely in the early 20s . 
  finally i think many people do n't like kids here . 
  you know how germans are always about order and shit . 
  girl saying kids are disgusting are n't that rare , too . 
  and i remember how i was treated by some adults as a kid/teenager . 
  old middle aged men sometimes unloaded their anger at us for no reason . 
  we were verbally and even physically attacked on our way to school a couple times . 
  fuck , i 'd still like to beat some of these fuckers to a pulp now , going home on their bicycles and waiting for a reason to flip their shit . 
  80 % of them do n't have any papers on them . 
  csu in bavaria today announced plans to reject all immigrants without papers . 
  that 's where the number came from . 
  germany is doing pretty well for a large country or italy , spain and france are doing a really bad job . 
  uk is a special case of course . 
  turkey needs to get its shit together . 
  we 're not extremely leftist , a far-left stone pitcher might be more accepted than a neo-nazi but remember that merkel is christian-conservative . 
  this has more to do with fear of the far-right and naivete . 
  and we still feel guilty . 
  many or probably most people think that we 're doing the right thing . 
  there is no other way and we got ta keep doing this , also to counter all the right-wing extremism ... 
  it 's really fucked up , the bitch is tearing apart germany and europe . 
  no solutions were presented all while the hatred on both sides keeps growing . 
  the left wants to shut down `` hate '' websites and speech , the far right thinks about storming berlin , the regular right/conservative comments paint a picture of resignation , fear and powerlessness . 
  the media 's main focus is on pegida and afd at the moment and they 're biased , i hate the fuckers but the media is doing a shitjob atm . 
  you ca n't keep bashing large parts of the population while trying to make the immigrants look as good as possible . 
  do n't forget that draghi is stealing money from everyone , italy is probably the # 1 profiteer . 
  now they found out that the central bank has illegaly been financing monetary the public sector in ireland ( do n't know the right translation for `` monet\u00e4re staatsfinanzierung '' ) . 
  they 've lied about it . 
  especially italian and french banks heavily profited from receiving `` printed '' money . 
  now renzi wants to start spending to boost the economy because italy does n't have to pay the interest they should be paying . 
  all at the cost of the entire monetary union .
