  it 's always `` humans '' and `` refugees '' . 
  all are being categorized as refugees who need our help since they 're human beings , so we need to help them no matter what ... 
  media is tagging along . 
  `` got ta help them refugees '' . 
  people are pissed , though . 
  afd is going to get a lot of votes , even by people who dispise them just because there is nothing else they can do . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  the media is doing a propaganda coverage for her . 
  you switch on the tv or radio and they start talking about the poor refugees who attacked the macedonian border because the situation is so bad there , the police even used water canons . 
  and the bad eastern europeans who wo n't let the poor humans through . 
  they 'll need to charter the entire lufthansa fleet soon enough . 
  yeah , one year is too much . 
  look at the chaos we already have like k\u00f6ln on the afd . 
  nobody would be happy . 
  the refugees would demand to go to germany , the eastern europeans would turn to the streets in revolt if they got refugee camps . 
  the refugees do n't want to stay in eastern europe , they made it clear that they 're aiming for rich countries . 
  even austria was n't good enough for them . 
  merkel is the one who helped to create the issue , that 's why they do n't want to `` deal with the issue together as one '' . 
  she insists on letting everyone in because there is a civil war in syria which is insanity . 
  they should leave because they wo n't share the burden of refugees ? 
  because they get subsidies ? 
  that 's the bullshit our media keeps spitting out . 
  it 's unfair . 
  it 's not their fault that merkel keeps inviting the entire world to germany . 
  eastern europe is also already sharing a burden , they had to open up their markets , western european companies quickly took charge there . 
  nobody told them they would need to take in millions of refugees back when they joined . 
  also : how many of these refugees would actually want to stay there ? 
  70 % throw their ids away because they are n't from syria , afghanistan or eritrea . 
  almost all of them wo n't settle for eastern europe anyway . 
  merkel needs to go , by now anyone can see that she has totally lost it . 
  we need a new government , close the outer eu borders with a coordinated effort from all members . 
  then it 's time to re-establish our relations with eastern europe and try to keep the brits in the eu . 
  lastly we need to learn from the past mistakes and rethink the monetary union . 
  we can all profit from the eu , especially czechs profit from having us as their neighbours . 
  it 's also the only way to deal with two despots putin and erdogan at our borders . 
  [ first frontline video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u__w0qa8v0k ) i 've seen when i was young . 
  ca n't stop associating them with it now :d, 
  expect lots of wins then . 
  yay , he 's talking about us !, 
  so what happens to italy after 2050 ? 
  does n't justify this . 
  these bastards do n't need to attack innocent children . 
  seriously , high school seemed like one huge guilt trip to me . 
  yeah , how about the people who are too poor , too weak or too hungry to walk to germany ?? 
  i think this shit has to do with the deeply rooted guild in our society . 
  to be fair , they would probably also come to europe without the iraq war and its consequences . 
  the civil war in syria only started the whole thing because it gave the syrians a legal claim to come here and it laid the foundations for the entire trafficking network . 
  this would have happened sooner or later anyway ... 
  yeah , and we 'll have to give up some part of our human value system or we 'll have to give up a part of the germany as we know it that we 've had for the past 25 years . 
  we 're seriously fucked . 
  we need to close the borders if we want to achieve any kind of consensus . 
  eastern europe , turkey and greece can pretty much tell us fuck off now . 
  merkel ca n't keep touring europe with her `` hey why do n't you also take some refugees ? '', 
  argument while shit starts to fall apart at home . 
  i 'm scared about summer . 
  we 'll have chaotic scenarios at the borders , we 'll have right wing attacks , we 'll have political turmoil . 
  people will get crushed between the two arguments : `` close borders now , this is insane '' and `` are you insane , these are human beings '' . 
  speculation . 
  there are hundreds of millions who want to go to europe . 
  weltspiegel had a docu in morokko recently , the talk on the streets is getting to europe atm . 
  you 've got millions of young men who do n't see a future in their home countries , these countries produce more people than they can sustain . 
  so what 's changed since last year ? 
  word has gotten around even more that europe is open , people know people who made it to europe . 
  they chat , talk on the phone and already make plans to meet up . 
  and the prices for trafficking have gone down significantly , it 's not around $ 8000 anymore like in early 2015 . 
  the smugglers have become filthy rich , they can bribe local officials , they 've built up their networks . 
  economies of scale ... 
  or maybe the place where most of the genocide happened ... 
  still do n't understand why they tolerate this organized begging in every city . 
  they fucking take turns , exchange positions and dogs ( wonder where all the puppies come from and what happens if they get older ) all the time . 
  pretty sure they have a regular work schedule . 
  and they likely make hundreds a day judging from the old rich people who always give them money . 
  i still do n't understand merkel 's refugee plan but i think that she honest on the topic . 
  this population doomsday scenario might be a reason . 
  but i do n't think these immigrants will help us , they 'll be a strain on our society for decades . 
  heck , looks like the regular german hans is slowly going to be grinded away between the right-wing and the refugee wave . 
  best part is that you can get into a car and go to prague , budapest , triest , etc. 
  in less than a day . 
  in the us you only get as far as cleveland or detroid :d, 
  europe 's werkbank . 
  beaches have nude sections , women sometimes do n't wear bras at beaches . 
  you 'll definitely see a tit or two at any mediterranean beach . 
  people do n't care that much . 
  in germany people go fully nude at the sauna . 
  no , they contributed but in the end all blended in . 
  there was an article by some harvard professor about it yesterday . 
  120 years ago it was given that you were assimilating yourself . 
  and there was almost no immigration between 1920 and 1950 , the country became one during the time . 
  he also mentions that america badly needed the workers back in the day , well-paid and unionized jobs back then . 
  these jobs that helped with the assimilation are gone now . 
  around 50 million americans say their ancestors were mainly german . 
  now there are some marks of german culture but it 's really hard to spot imho . 
  i 've seen `` german '' fests in pa and it was quite ridiculous . 
  now compare that to the few million muslim immigrants in europe , they 've been here for 50 years already and many still hang on to their culture and values like it 's a sacred thing . 
  i 'm referring to the fact that each group worked hard to become american , it only took irish , italians and germans a few decades to blend in ( germans even were kinda forced ) . 
  after the wars things changed a bit in the us . 
  here in germany we 've got 3rd generation turkish people who still do n't speak proper german and feel they 're not german . 
  muslims will have to sacrifice and work hard to become full members of our societies . 
  i wonder if the incentives are strong enough with the welfare state and our general attitude . 
  our tolerance level is way too high in some ways .
