  most stuff has been known or posted here before . 
  i actually have forgotten that it 's basically another oil conflict with all the media 's attention on terror . 
  erdogan is a bastard . 
  he is a middle eastern dictator on europe 's doorstep . 
  turkey will eventually pay the price , this shit has never worked . 
  the article even suggests a solution : renewable energy sources for europe . 
  yeah , they 're mostly the ones you hear about in the media . 
  honor killings or criminal clans are almost always related to kurds in germany . 
  still , this one is on erdogan . 
  he willingly restarted the conflict with them . 
  outright helping them is something different . 
  if you want to talk shit about the us , then you have to go back to when the war started as the us wanted to get rid of assad or the iraq war . 
  what about the reports of weapons being smuggled from turkey to syria ? 
  or the is fighter who were secretly treated at turkish hospitals ? 
  the border to syria is kinda closed but is uses the short openborder with iraq to send their fighters on the way to europe now . 
  i 'm always sick when i see that shitface erdogan on advertisement boards in our cities . 
  poor guy , reminds me of [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwdbtrqul78 ), 
  they are probably monitoring many hoping to get more intel on the network . 
  they are not hard to find . 
  look at this vigilante twitter account , police got ta have better information than that : https://mobile.twitter.com/eu_militiawatch, 
  the us got ta have a pretty big yearbook by now . 
  it wo n't help if they ditch their cell phones and computers before they leave syria . 
  that 's bad . 
  hope it does n't affect our relationship , the french are kinda our favourite neighbours . 
  our press and facebooks started trying to dissociate refugees and terrorists immediately . 
  that 's just as stupid as blaming them . 
  are they even checking if there are known is members at the registration centers ? 
  what kind of a state are we when we can not protect the borders and enforce the law anymore ? 
  are the french blaming us now ( at least partly ) ? 
  true , things were made a whole lot easier for is . 
  to be fair , reddit depicted him as a fascist prick long before that because he literally is one :d but yeah , merkel did something stupid , on hand it is actually a nice thing because we 're helping people , on the other hand it is pretty stupid and unsustainable . 
  media and politics pulled on the same string and most germans followed gladly the `` we need to help '' agenda . 
  you can even blame adolf for that because it 's part of our feeling guilty culture . 
  it would certainly suck for merkel if that guy came to france via refugee walk . 
  but lets be honest here , closed borders wo n't keep the is out , thousands are supposed to be european citizens anyway . 
  i believe them . 
  right now they are sitting in their camps or walking the streets . 
  the current statistics of immigrants and their descendants states that they 're commiting twice as many crimes as their german counterparts , fail in school much more often . 
  germany actually sucks at integration , our society is locked , even low-skilled jobs require a 2-year apprenticeship and decent german language skills , it 's very hard for outsiders to become succesful , there is much hidden nepotism . 
  now , you got ta remember that most migrants are from turkey or eastern europe . 
  the new wave comes from third world countries , they 're even less educated and culturally disconnected than the previous immigrants . 
  our tax revenues went up from 440 billion to 660 in 10 years and are expected to come close to 780billion by 2020 , so it 's not exactly hard to balance it . 
  still no tax reductions . 
  all while the real wages have been sinking since 1990 . 
  having lots of children , what the hell are they ? 
  never seen them around here . 
  da bible . 
  while we 're not a secular state here in germany , people do n't take their religion very seriously . 
  freedom . 
  you need a car to have freedom in america . 
  otherwise you 're locked up at home . 
  school kids are locked up at school , you can get out but they wo n't let you in again . 
  so kids depend on their parents to get get around , the school bus picks them up and brings them back home , feels like being locked up . 
  in europe you got a kebap during lunch breaks , nobody lived very far away . 
  to be fair , american girls are mostly easier than european girls . 
  it 's one big fuck session for a few years , then they 'll get pregnant at 17 :d, 
  it 's been a race to the bottom for decades . 
  did n't stop companies from using legal tax evasion aka luxembourg . 
  good : city center is beautiful ; prices are generally low ; international flair ; lots of nightlife , young people ; good food if you leave the tourist routes ; bad : too many tourists , the city is kinda small after all ; the center is not czech anymore , it 's an english speaking tourist trap ; prostitute harassed me , drug dealers everywhere , many places rip people off ; known clubs are disgusting italian/german cockfests , still had fun though :d so yeah , as always : it 's much better if you know a local who can help you avoid those tourist traps and show you the real pearls . 
  best is probably to avoid the inner city center , you can do that in a day anyways . 
  maybe the word `` hatred '' is a little too strong here but there is definitely a strong aversion . 
  people complained about vietnamese shops destroying local clothing stores , about their crappy quality and that they lack our european human values . 
  that was small town talk , though . 
  so what ? 
  the were liars and biggots , always trying to look good . 
  i 'm talking about your daily life here , not some ideology . 
  dude , that 's not how the real life was back then . 
  there was lots of suspicion and jealousy . 
  my parents grew up behind the iron curtain , all these politicians and kp followers were pretty racist back then . 
  lot 's of ukrainian workers . 
  czechs are pretty racist tbh . 
  ask them about gypsies or vietnamese and they 'll start a rant . 
  but then many former iron curtain countries are racist , communists were racist as fuck and you wo n't get rid of their legacy for decades to come . 
  the media tends to overlook the fact that racism is much worse outside the western world . 
  especially the middle east is racist as fuck . 
  even if their applications are denied , they 'll get temporary tolerated permits . 
  i rarely use it to be honest , movie streaming is good enough today . 
  but it 's alright for new releases , there are a few trail accounts which are sufficient if you 're not looking for new stuff and/or download things infrequently . 
  and they let us wait 4 hours to get into the country this summer . 
  the immigrants are learning a valueable lesson here : you can do whatever you like in a large crowd . 
  do n't use p2p in germany if you 're not hiding your ip . 
  you can use one-click-hosters or usenet , just do n't upload anything . 
  android streaming apps are dangerous , you have to really do some research before using them . 
  scariest part is that there will be problems . 
  just went out tonight and there were lots of refugees in the streets . 
  some drunk ass grandpa nazi ended up making a scene with some eritreans which resulted in lots of police . 
  this might get only worse in the future as the number of both refugees and neonazis will grow . 
  around 19 million germans are aged between 20 and 40 . 
  now add a couple million immigrants who are 70-80 % young men ( even the rest are mostly males ) . 
  some will get their families to follow but that 's mostly syrians who are only one group , afghanis or iraqis apparently often move on their own . 
  ( i just checked these numbers ) now you might have a future working/lower class , consisting of uneducated and unhappy , young and single guys , that 's lots of potential for aggression . 
  but yeah , i 'm talking out of my ass , just as everybody else is , supporting their mindset . 
  nobody really seems to have a clue what 's going to happen , it 's all speculation . 
  this has n't happened before , not with these numbers in such a short time , we only know that we failed to integrate many turkish immigrants but now hopefully we 'll do better . 
  alright , here is another stupid oversimplification : 20 people are at the club , 10 males and 10 females . 
  2 more guys enter . 
  12 million every year ? 
  all i could find is 12 to 20 million altogether living in the us illegaly . 
  it 'll be 1.5 million this year and possibly more next year in germany . 
  i thought this was common knowledge .
