  i command your humility !, 
  maybe you will one day realize that countries are n't just geographical areas and that nations are more than a mob !, 
  there is quite a difference between : - concentration camps for people who are n't assimilating edit : * and * - creating and incentivising assimilation ( instead of accommodating each and every fantasy new-comers have ) at the end of the day so-called `` multiculturalism '' is more akin to `` aculturalism '' and of course , for a neoliberal like you this is a wet dream . 
  can you imagine ? 
  a world where `` citizens '' are now `` consumers '' with homogeneous consuming habit and high-purchasing power . 
  that 's not very `` diverse '' . 
   which european culture ? 
  is it my european culture or is it your european culture that should be dominant ? 
  the one of the country they live in . 
   `` assimilation '' ca n't possibly be made mandatory for anyone , b you mean it can not be made a condition for permanent residency to learn the language , adopt the lifestyle and appropriate the history and traditions of the host country 's culture ? 
  1500 years of french history are showing the contrary . 
   the only requirement for everyone is to respect the laws of the society they live in . 
  if they break them , they suffer consequences . 
  if they do n't break them , they 're untouchable . 
  so by that same token immigrants should not learn the language of their host country ? 
   one does not defend an open society by shitting on its core principles . 
  it 's not so much about open society than cultural homogeneity . 
  european culture must be dominant in europe and assimilation should be mandatory for new-comers . 
  i am not taking that bait, 
   the greek government , for not conceding enough on the reform programmes being carried out you know full well there is never `` enough reforms '' being carried out from the neoliberal 's point of view . 
  it is an `` ever lasting christmas wish-list '' ; take a look at greece , its people are dying , this is a humanitarian crisis right there . 
   for playing fantasy economics with their greek growth projections , which are the opposite of the imf 's and which lead to discrepancies in the financing of the bailout program . 
  there is a reason why they made those ridiculous projections that no one believes in ... this is not a bail-out program . 
  they are bleeding out the greek government . 
  everyone knew that we were only pushing down the problem down the road , loaning money to pay back interests while imposing massive budget cuts + free flow of capital . 
  there is literally zero chance the eurogroup did not know what it was doing . 
   ( c ) the germans they are not going to give up on their fiscal righteousness ; everyone knows that . 
  the same way the french are not going to ever give up la\u00efcit\u00e9 or the americans their gun-rights . 
  it is a german idiosyncracy that was not accounted for when we created the eurozone , or it was underestimated . 
  this could change over the next decades but this will be a long political and social process that will require lots of work and guess what ? 
  europeans , the greeks in particular , do n't have the time to wait . 
  the greeks will have to exit the eurozone at some point . 
  no european politician wants to be remembered as the one that ended baby-boomers 's only utopia ; but those folks are dying . 
   the imf officials say that a threat of an imminent financial catastrophe was needed to force other players into accepting its `` measures '' such as cutting greek pensions and working conditions , jesus christ ... leave the greeks alone they have suffered too much already, 
  the germans should train the belgian police : keep an arms length !, 
   far-right scum the far-right scum as you say is against interventionism and would gladly have those troops back home instead of preventing africans from slaughtering other africans . 
  the `` bestiality '' claim seems rather odd , rape ? 
  sure that 's plausible but `` bestiality '' seems too good for the s\u00e9l\u00e9ka militias to be genuine . 
  of course , we should let the investigation follow its course . 
  but i am pointing out that there are political interests at stake ... some groups would like to continue their warring . 
   since its adoption by the european union it has become more associated with the eu due to the eu 's higher profile and heavy usage of the emblem . 
  my point still stands . 
  the logo should be neutral . 
  that one is not . 
  it is the flag of the european union . 
  europe is a continent , not a political construct mind you . 
  agreed . 
  i do n't like that the theme conflates `` europe '' ( as in / r/europe ) with `` european union '' ( snooflag ) . 
  it 's unfair in my opinion , this subreddit 's theme should be apolitical . 
  i would n't say perfect but it is definitely an incredible legacy we have to work hard to better and transmit . 
  you think so, 
  you mean * millions * right ? 
  sigh, 
  french fries are n't from france they are from the islamic state ugh should we call them islamic fries ? 
  if the ones who go fight for isis are the top 99 % percentile of muslims that are radicalised , it is still a worrying thought to know that , proportion kept , all the way to the top 30 % there are a lot of people . 
  what good is it to preserve moral high ground if hundreds , perhaps thousands , in europe , and millions abroad , have to be sacrificed for it ? 
  you seem to be the kind of dude who follows doctrine rather than reality . 
  i would line them ( the 600 who went fight for isis ) up against a wall , shoot them , like we used to do for that kind of traitors . 
  they are murderers , they genocide , they pillage , they rape and destroy countries . 
  helping the world get rid of those bastards does not `` make me as bad as them '' , no matter how many times you repeat it , comfortably installed in your living room . 
  nope , not in philosophy , not in sociology or political science . 
  only in your layman 's head . 
  imperialism seems even more adapted . 
  if you read people like burke , you can see how nationalist were actually opposed to imperialism ( led by leftist progressist , let 's remind everyone ) because someone who loves his nations , fundamentally understands what another man on the opposite side of the globe would feel like if its community was taken away from them . 
   whatever happens , nothing will magicaly evaporate all of our problems . 
  we always will have to work hard for solutions . 
  p l a t i t u d e s a r e a l w a y s f l a t. 
  gee , i wonder who tried to conflate imperialism with nationalism !, 
  who could be behind this ? 
  who could benefit from this ? 
  according to the census bureau of leftist internationalism . 
  excerpt of * multiculturalism , the story * by john goldman and david sachs . 
  sounds like something the pro-remain on this sub could watch, 
  you need to admit that the islamists , as much as i hate those savages , have a point : if you truly believe in god and that muhammad is his prophet * and * recognize that the qran is the literal word of allah then it becomes pretty hard to justify not acting like a savage ( or a viith century bedouin for that matter ) . 
  the new testament offers a much larger margin and explicitly separates the temporal from the eternal ( kingdom of men , kingdom of god ) and it does not pretend to be the word of god ( so personal dogma overrules church 's dogma ) . 
   o.o sure . 
  humanitarian work , i am sure that was his main concern . 
  some like to build schools , others prefer to slaughter infidels as the prophet did ( peace be upon him ) . 
  no need to be racist man ( or whatever gender you identify as ) . 
   french citizens they are as french as one can get , their family has been growing crops under the shade of a clocher in larzac for a thousand years , no doubts about this . 
  if you suggest otherwise , you are a neo-nazi stalin-nationalist . 
  period . 
  this can only end well, 
  like the migrant crisis , the ukrainian war etc. 
  ... france ? 
  you realize the fn is the single largest political force of the country ? 
   the problem that the eu has always faced , is currently facing and will face in the future is that it will always have to balance between the desire of national parliaments to hold on to power and its own ambitions . 
  lol . 
  funny how you do n't mention the fact that you are pushing a federation that europeans do n't want , and that the eu is living off two betrayed referenda ... maybe a third . 
  what a clown . 
  too much time spent in the echo-chamber ... get a breath of fresh air, 
   a common european culture . 
  woah . 
  calm down friend , this is the eu we are talking about . 
  a pan-national culture is racist and will lead us to live again the darkest hours of our history . 
  it is not the iiird republic , we are not building a new country , creating a new nation . 
  europe should have no cultural building block , culture is bad and refrain consumer markets to expand to every facet of our lives . 
  do n't ever say that again , pan-nationalist scum . 
  the eu would have been a good idea if europe was n't riddled with globalists , guilt-tripped leftists and other worship progress for the sake of progress . 
  it took me too long to realize that the eu is doomed to fail and take nations in its fall * because * of the political and ideological configuration of the west at the moment .
